### [2008-06-9](/news/2008/06/9/index.md)

#  Pakistan lawyers begin a "Long March" of protests against the Government of the President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf calling for the reinstatement of judges dismissed last year including the former Chief Justice of Pakistan Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2008/jun/10/pakistan)

### Related:

1. [ Lawyers in Pakistan boycott courts in protest at President Pervez Musharraf's suspension of the country's Chief Justice Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry for alleged "misuse of authority". More than 20 lawyers were injured in clashes with police during demonstrations in Lahore. ](/news/2007/03/12/lawyers-in-pakistan-boycott-courts-in-protest-at-president-pervez-musharraf-s-suspension-of-the-country-s-chief-justice-iftikhar-muhammad-c.md) _Context: Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry, Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
2. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
3. [Former President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf survives an assassination attempt in Islamabad, Pakistan. There are no reports of injuries. ](/news/2014/04/3/former-president-of-pakistan-pervez-musharraf-survives-an-assassination-attempt-in-islamabad-pakistan-there-are-no-reports-of-injuries.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
4. [A Pakistani court charges former President Pervez Musharraf with high treason in relation to the imposition of the emergency rule in 2007. ](/news/2014/03/31/a-pakistani-court-charges-former-president-pervez-musharraf-with-high-treason-in-relation-to-the-imposition-of-the-emergency-rule-in-2007.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
5. [A Pakistani court indicts former President Pervez Musharraf for his alleged involvement in the 2007 assassination of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto. ](/news/2013/08/20/a-pakistani-court-indicts-former-president-pervez-musharraf-for-his-alleged-involvement-in-the-2007-assassination-of-former-prime-minister-b.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
6. [Chaudhry Zulfiqar Ali, a prosecutor with Pakistan's Federal Investigation Agency leading the prosecution of former President Pervez Musharraf over alleged involvement in the assassination of Benazir Bhutto, is shot dead on the way to court in Islamabad. ](/news/2013/05/3/chaudhry-zulfiqar-ali-a-prosecutor-with-pakistan-s-federal-investigation-agency-leading-the-prosecution-of-former-president-pervez-musharra.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
7. [Pakistan's former leader Pervez Musharraf is directed to appear before the country's Supreme Court on allegations of treason. ](/news/2013/04/8/pakistan-s-former-leader-pervez-musharraf-is-directed-to-appear-before-the-country-s-supreme-court-on-allegations-of-treason.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
8. [Pakistani police defuse a car bomb near a fortified farmhouse, where the former Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf is under house arrest. ](/news/2013/04/23/pakistani-police-defuse-a-car-bomb-near-a-fortified-farmhouse-where-the-former-pakistan-president-pervez-musharraf-is-under-house-arrest.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
9. [Former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf is arrested at his home on charges relating to unlawful detention of judges in 2007. He was present at the court when the arrest warrant was issued on Thursday, but had left before the warrant was served. ](/news/2013/04/19/former-pakistani-president-pervez-musharraf-is-arrested-at-his-home-on-charges-relating-to-unlawful-detention-of-judges-in-2007-he-was-pres.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
10. [A Pakistani court issues an arrest warrant for former President Pervez Musharraf in connection with the house arrest of judges in 2007. ](/news/2013/04/18/a-pakistani-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-president-pervez-musharraf-in-connection-with-the-house-arrest-of-judges-in-2007.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
