### [2005-05-28](/news/2005/05/28/index.md)

#  California State Senator Joseph Dunn, local school officials, and environmental professionals meet with parents of Kennedy Elementary School students in a town-hall style meeting in Santa Ana Thursday evening. The parents air their concerns over health issues at schools and workplaces, including a rash of leukemia cases in the student population, and begin a dialogue they have been working toward for years. (Wikinews)




### Related:

1. [ The California State Assembly passes a bill recognizing same-sex marriage. Earlier this week the state Senate approved the measure; it now heads to the desk of Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger where there is uncertainty whether he will sign or veto the measure. The legislation is the first passed by a U.S. state legislature recognizing same-sex marriage. ](/news/2005/09/7/the-california-state-assembly-passes-a-bill-recognizing-same-sex-marriage-earlier-this-week-the-state-senate-approved-the-measure-it-now.md) _Context: California, California state senator_
2. [California Governor Jerry Brown signs a bill that would limit the role of law enforcement agencies in holding and questioning illegal immigrants statewide. The bill is similar to those already passed locally in so called sanctuary cities. ](/news/2017/09/12/california-governor-jerry-brown-signs-a-bill-that-would-limit-the-role-of-law-enforcement-agencies-in-holding-and-questioning-illegal-immigr.md) _Context: California_
3. [California, Maine, Maryland and Minnesota sue the Trump administraion over the termination of DACA. ](/news/2017/09/11/california-maine-maryland-and-minnesota-sue-the-trump-administraion-over-the-termination-of-daca.md) _Context: California_
4. [California and San Francisco sue the United States Federal government over its opposition towards sanctuary cities. ](/news/2017/08/14/california-and-san-francisco-sue-the-united-states-federal-government-over-its-opposition-towards-sanctuary-cities.md) _Context: California_
5. [South Australia finalizes a deal with Tesla, spearheaded by tweets originating from CEO of Tesla Elon Musk, to install a battery system in the state. Tesla said in a statement that upon completion by December 2017, the system would be the largest lithium-ion battery storage project in the world, overtaking an 80 megawatt-hour power station at Mira Loma in California also built using Tesla batteries. ](/news/2017/07/7/south-australia-finalizes-a-deal-with-tesla-spearheaded-by-tweets-originating-from-ceo-of-tesla-elon-musk-to-install-a-battery-system-in-t.md) _Context: California_
6. [Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-registration-data-from-president-d.md) _Context: California_
7. [A heat wave strikes the Western U.S. states of Arizona, California, and Nevada. It is predicted to last until June 23. ](/news/2017/06/20/a-heat-wave-strikes-the-western-u-s-states-of-arizona-california-and-nevada-it-is-predicted-to-last-until-june-23.md) _Context: California_
8. [Four people, including the gunman, are dead, and six injured, after a man opens fire at people in a UPS building in the Potrero Hill neighborhood of San Francisco, California. ](/news/2017/06/14/four-people-including-the-gunman-are-dead-and-six-injured-after-a-man-opens-fire-at-people-in-a-ups-building-in-the-potrero-hill-neighbo.md) _Context: California_
9. [The Assembly of California votes in favor of ending a ban which barred members of the Communist Party USA from holding positions in the state government. ](/news/2017/05/9/the-assembly-of-california-votes-in-favor-of-ending-a-ban-which-barred-members-of-the-communist-party-usa-from-holding-positions-in-the-stat.md) _Context: California_
10. [California independence supporters submit their second formal bid for a 2018 ballot concerning Calexit. ](/news/2017/05/19/california-independence-supporters-submit-their-second-formal-bid-for-a-2018-ballot-concerning-calexit.md) _Context: California_
