### [2005-05-28](/news/2005/05/28/index.md)

#  Japan announces closure of World War II sex slave fund by March 2007. The Asian Women's Fund, set up in 1995, paid 2M yen ($19,470) each in compensation, plus medical and welfare support, to 285 so-called "comfort women" in the Philippines, South Korea and Taiwan. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/4202629.stm)

### Related:

1. [Japan and South Korea agree to 'irreversibly' resolve a long-running dispute over Korean women the Japanese military used as sex slaves during World War II. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will issue a formal apology to the so-called "comfort women." Tokyo will set up an aid fund of about 1 billion yen ($8.3 million). ](/news/2015/12/28/japan-and-south-korea-agree-to-irreversibly-resolve-a-long-running-dispute-over-korean-women-the-japanese-military-used-as-sex-slaves-duri.md) _Context: Comfort women, Japan, South Korea, World War II_
2. [South Korea announces that Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se will meet with Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida in Seoul Monday to work toward a final settlement concerning sex slavery during World War II. "The Nikkei" reports that Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe plans to create a new government-backed fund, containing over 100 million yen (US$831,200/GBP556,600) to help former South Korean "comfort women," and is also considering making an apology for the wartime sexual enslavement. ](/news/2015/12/25/south-korea-announces-that-foreign-minister-yun-byung-se-will-meet-with-japanese-foreign-minister-fumio-kishida-in-seoul-monday-to-work-towa.md) _Context: Comfort women, South Korea, World War II_
3. [Typhoon Goni makes landfall in southwestern Japan with at least 26 people injured but no people killed. The death toll in the Philippines rises to 21 while South Korea is on alert. ](/news/2015/08/25/typhoon-goni-makes-landfall-in-southwestern-japan-with-at-least-26-people-injured-but-no-people-killed-the-death-toll-in-the-philippines-ri.md) _Context: Japan, Philippines, South Korea_
4. [Typhoon Goni leaves seven people dead and two people missing as it moves from the Philippines towards Taiwan and Okinawa, Japan. ](/news/2015/08/22/typhoon-goni-leaves-seven-people-dead-and-two-people-missing-as-it-moves-from-the-philippines-towards-taiwan-and-okinawa-japan.md) _Context: Japan, Philippines, Taiwan_
5. [A South Korean man is seriously injured after self-immolation during a protest against Japan's use of South Korean women as sex slaves during World War II. ](/news/2015/08/12/a-south-korean-man-is-seriously-injured-after-self-immolation-during-a-protest-against-japan-s-use-of-south-korean-women-as-sex-slaves-durin.md) _Context: Japan, South Korea, World War II_
6. [Two Japanese cabinet ministers Keiji Furuya and Yoshitaka Shindo visit the Yasukuni Shrine to mark the 69th anniversary of Japan's surrender at the end of World War II. This visit upsets China and South Korea as the shrine contains the graves of war criminals. ](/news/2014/08/15/two-japanese-cabinet-ministers-keiji-furuya-and-yoshitaka-shindo-visit-the-yasukuni-shrine-to-mark-the-69th-anniversary-of-japan-s-surrender.md) _Context: Japan, South Korea, World War II_
7. [President Barack Obama is set on visiting Japan, South Korea, Malaysia, and the Philippines after previously cancelling his trip in 2013. ](/news/2014/02/13/president-barack-obama-is-set-on-visiting-japan-south-korea-malaysia-and-the-philippines-after-previously-cancelling-his-trip-in-2013.md) _Context: Japan, Philippines, South Korea_
8. [ Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe apologizes for Japan's use of women as sex slaves in frontline brothels during World War II. ](/news/2007/03/26/prime-minister-of-japan-shinzo-abe-apologizes-for-japan-s-use-of-women-as-sex-slaves-in-frontline-brothels-during-world-war-ii.md) _Context: Japan, World War II, sex slave_
9. [ After killing two in the Philippines, Severe Tropical Storm Bopha makes landfall in Taiwan. Typhoon Saomai and Tropical Storm Maria also threaten to make landfall, on the Chinese mainland and Japan respectively. ](/news/2006/08/9/after-killing-two-in-the-philippines-severe-tropical-storm-bopha-makes-landfall-in-taiwan-typhoon-saomai-and-tropical-storm-maria-also-th.md) _Context: Japan, Philippines, Taiwan_
10. [North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-that-flies-620-miles-horizontally-in-about-45-minutes-landing-in-the-sea-of-japa.md) _Context: Japan, South Korea_
