### [2017-08-4](/news/2017/08/4/index.md)

# 2017 Dubai skyscraper fire. A fire at the 79-story Dubai Torch Tower in the United Arab Emirates, which forced nighttime evacuations, was under control in a few hours with no serious injuries immediately reported. The building's exterior was still being renovated from a fire in February, 2015, which investigators had blamed, at least in part, to flammable siding, echoing the findings of this past June's Grenfell Tower fire in London. 

The blaze started soon after midnight and spread across dozens of floors in one of the world’s tallest buildings, but the authorities said everyone made it out safely.


### Source:

1. [The National](https://www.thenational.ae/uae/torch-tower-blaze-475-residents-evacuated-after-fire-starts-on-26th-floor-1.616755)
2. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/08/03/world/middleeast/torch-tower-dubai-fire.html)

### Related:

1. [Grenfell Tower fire. The suspected death toll of the fire in North Kensington, London earlier in the week significantly increases, as the Metropolitan Police Service reports that a minimum of 58 people are missing and feared dead. ](/news/2017/06/17/grenfell-tower-fire-the-suspected-death-toll-of-the-fire-in-north-kensington-london-earlier-in-the-week-significantly-increases-as-the-me.md) _Context: Grenfell Tower fire, London_
2. [Venezuelan Constitutional Assembly election, 2017. At a news briefing in London, the CEO of Smartmatic, the Venezuelan-owned multinational company that provided the election system used in Sunday's election, says the number of those participating in the poll was tampered with, off by at least one million. ](/news/2017/08/2/venezuelan-constitutional-assembly-election-2017-at-a-news-briefing-in-london-the-ceo-of-smartmatic-the-venezuelan-owned-multinational-c.md) _Context: London_
3. [Big Ben. London's Big Ben, atop Elizabeth Tower, will fall silent for four years beginning 21 August while essential repair works are performed. ](/news/2017/08/14/big-ben-london-s-big-ben-atop-elizabeth-tower-will-fall-silent-for-four-years-beginning-21-august-while-essential-repair-works-are-perfor.md) _Context: London_
4. [2017 Qatar crisis. Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/2017-qatar-crisis-qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
5. [Crime in London. Five men in London are attacked with acid in five linked attacks. Two teenaged suspects are taken into custody. ](/news/2017/07/13/crime-in-london-five-men-in-london-are-attacked-with-acid-in-five-linked-attacks-two-teenaged-suspects-are-taken-into-custody.md) _Context: London_
6. [Camden Market fire. A large fire breaks out at the Camden Markets in North West London, with over 70 firefighters and 10 firetrucks attending the scene. No casualties have been reported. ](/news/2017/07/10/camden-market-fire-a-large-fire-breaks-out-at-the-camden-markets-in-north-west-london-with-over-70-firefighters-and-10-firetrucks-attendin.md) _Context: London_
7. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. Human rights activists accuse forces led by Saudi Arabia and the UAE of kidnapping and torturing people during the Yemeni conflict. ](/news/2017/06/9/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-human-rights-activists-accuse-forces-led-by-saudi-arabia-and-the-uae-of-kidnapping-and-torturing-pe.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
8. [Crime in London. A childcare worker in London is reportedly stabbed by three Muslim women while on her way to work, suffering non life threatening injuries. ](/news/2017/06/7/crime-in-london-a-childcare-worker-in-london-is-reportedly-stabbed-by-three-muslim-women-while-on-her-way-to-work-suffering-non-life-threa.md) _Context: London_
9. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis. Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognize.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
10. [Aftermath of the Grenfell Tower fire. External cladding samples from 60 high-rise apartment towers, from 25 different areas of the country, fail fire-resistance testing. Evacuation of thousands of apartments is underway as workers start to remove the deficient covering. ](/news/2017/06/25/aftermath-of-the-grenfell-tower-fire-external-cladding-samples-from-60-high-rise-apartment-towers-from-25-different-areas-of-the-country.md) _Context: Grenfell Tower fire_
