### [2017-08-4](/news/2017/08/4/index.md)

# Former pharmaceutical company executive Martin Shkreli is convicted of three counts of securities fraud in a federal court in Brooklyn, New York.

A U.S. jury convicted Martin Shkreli, the brash former drug company and hedge fund executive, on Friday of defrauding investors in hedge funds he ran years before he gained fame for jacking up the price of a drug.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-crime-shkreli-idUSKBN1AK27F)

### Related:

1. [A commuter train from the Long Island Rail Road derails during the morning rush hour in Brooklyn, New York, injuring 103 people. ](/news/2017/01/4/a-commuter-train-from-the-long-island-rail-road-derails-during-the-morning-rush-hour-in-brooklyn-new-york-injuring-103-people.md) _Context: Brooklyn_
2. [Pharmaceutical company Johnson & Johnson warns that one of its Wi-Fi enabled insulin pumps for diabetics (OneTouch Ping pump) is at risk of being hacked, causing an overdose. ](/news/2016/10/4/pharmaceutical-company-johnson-johnson-warns-that-one-of-its-wi-fi-enabled-insulin-pumps-for-diabetics-onetouch-ping-pump-is-at-risk-of.md) _Context: pharmaceutical_
3. [In Brooklyn, New York 33 people are treated for a possible K2 overdose. The drug is illegal to sell or produce in the state. ](/news/2016/07/13/in-brooklyn-new-york-33-people-are-treated-for-a-possible-k2-overdose-the-drug-is-illegal-to-sell-or-produce-in-the-state.md) _Context: Brooklyn_
4. [Valeant, a Canada based pharmaceutical company, says it has received new notices of default from its bondholders. ](/news/2016/04/22/valeant-a-canada-based-pharmaceutical-company-says-it-has-received-new-notices-of-default-from-its-bondholders.md) _Context: pharmaceutical_
5. [Turing Pharmaceuticals says that it is looking for a new CEO in the aftermath of the indictment of its old boss, Martin Shkreli, on securities fraud charges. Turing and Shkreli became infamous together in September 2015, when they hiked the price of an AIDS drug by 5000%. ](/news/2015/12/22/turing-pharmaceuticals-says-that-it-is-looking-for-a-new-ceo-in-the-aftermath-of-the-indictment-of-its-old-boss-martin-shkreli-on-securiti.md) _Context: Martin Shkreli_
6. [United States federal prosecutors in New York City arrest Martin Shkreli on securities fraud charges for allegedly plundering for personal gain Retrophin, a biopharmaceutical company he ran as CEO from 2012 to 2014. ](/news/2015/12/17/united-states-federal-prosecutors-in-new-york-city-arrest-martin-shkreli-on-securities-fraud-charges-for-allegedly-plundering-for-personal-g.md) _Context: Martin Shkreli_
7. [Martin Shkreli's Turing Pharmaceuticals is reneging on its pledge to cut the $750-per-pill price for Daraprim, a medication that has been marketed for 62 years. Instead, the biotech company is reducing what it charges hospitals, by up to 50 percent, for this parasitic infection treatment. Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, a pharmacy that compounds prescription drugs for individual patients, started selling a custom-made version of Pyrimethamine, the chemical name for Daraprim, for 99 cents per capsule. Impris reports orders are pouring in from doctors. ](/news/2015/11/26/martin-shkreli-s-turing-pharmaceuticals-is-reneging-on-its-pledge-to-cut-the-750-per-pill-price-for-daraprim-a-medication-that-has-been-ma.md) _Context: Martin Shkreli_
8. [Imprimis Pharmaceuticals Inc. announces it will begin selling $1 doses of the antimalarial drug used for HIV patients, pyrimethamine (generic name for Daraprim), whose price was recently raised to $750 per pill by Turing Pharmaceuticals following Martin Shkreli's purchase of its marketing rights this year. Imprimis also plans to start making inexpensive versions of other generic drugs whose prices have skyrocketed. ](/news/2015/10/23/imprimis-pharmaceuticals-inc-announces-it-will-begin-selling-1-doses-of-the-antimalarial-drug-used-for-hiv-patients-pyrimethamine-generi.md) _Context: Martin Shkreli_
9. [Lennart Anderson died at age 87 in Brooklyn, New York. Also a teacher at several notable institutions such as Pratt Institute, the Art Students League of New York, Yale, Princeton, Columbia, and Brooklyn College, Anderson's influence was felt by generations of artists.](/news/2015/10/15/lennart-anderson-died-at-age-87-in-brooklyn-new-york-also-a-teacher-at-several-notable-institutions-such-as-pratt-institute-the-art-stude.md) _Context: Brooklyn_
10. [A street-corner sized sinkhole forms at the intersection of Fifth Avenue and 64th Street in Sunset Park in Brooklyn, New York City, ruining the street corner. The northbound N Broadway Local train undergoes delays; there is at least one disconnected pipe and some gas lines requiring repair by National Grid workers. Local police cordon off the area. No fatalities or injuries are reported. ](/news/2015/08/4/a-street-corner-sized-sinkhole-forms-at-the-intersection-of-fifth-avenue-and-64th-street-in-sunset-park-in-brooklyn-new-york-city-ruining.md) _Context: Brooklyn_
