### [2011-05-20](/news/2011/05/20/index.md)

# President Barack Obama meets with the Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu at the White House, during which Netanyahu emphasizes that Israel would not make a full withdraw to the pre-1967 borders as Obama requested yesterday, because these borders are "not defensible".




### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/us-israel-tensions-high-obama-meets-netanyahu/story?id=13647528)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/video/flashLive/live.html?stream=stream3&hpt=T2)

### Related:

1. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu cancels a trip to the United States for an American Israel Public Affairs Committee conference that was to include a meeting with U.S. President Barack Obama. ](/news/2016/03/7/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-cancels-a-trip-to-the-united-states-for-an-american-israel-public-affairs-committee-conference-tha.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Benjamin Netanyahu, President of the United States, Prime Minister of Israel_
2. [President of the United States Barack Obama urges Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu to extend a partial construction freeze on the West Bank. ](/news/2010/09/10/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-urges-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-to-extend-a-partial-construction-freeze-on-the.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Benjamin Netanyahu, President of the United States, Prime Minister of Israel_
3. [President of the United States Barack Obama meets with a range of Middle East leaders in pursuit of peace between Israel and Palestine, including Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu, President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas, King of Jordan Abdullah II and President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak. ](/news/2010/09/1/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-with-a-range-of-middle-east-leaders-in-pursuit-of-peace-between-israel-and-palestine-incl.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Benjamin Netanyahu, President of the United States, Prime Minister of Israel_
4. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu arrives in Washington, D.C. for talks with President of the United States Barack Obama. ](/news/2010/07/6/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-arrives-in-washington-d-c-for-talks-with-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Benjamin Netanyahu, President of the United States, Prime Minister of Israel_
5. [ U.S. President Barack Obama calls for the resumption of the Middle East peace process in meetings with the Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu and the President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2009/09/22/u-s-president-barack-obama-calls-for-the-resumption-of-the-middle-east-peace-process-in-meetings-with-the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjami.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Benjamin Netanyahu, President of the United States, Prime Minister of Israel_
6. [ U.S. President Barack Obama urges Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to accept a Palestinian state. ](/news/2009/05/18/u-s-president-barack-obama-urges-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-to-accept-a-palestinian-state.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Benjamin Netanyahu, President of the United States, Prime Minister of Israel_
7. [President-elect of the United States Donald Trump meets with President Barack Obama for the first time at the White House. ](/news/2016/11/10/president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-meets-with-president-barack-obama-for-the-first-time-at-the-white-house.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States, White House_
8. [U.S. President Barack Obama meets with the Gulf Cooperation Council at the White House with a proposed nuclear deal with Iran top of the agenda.](/news/2015/05/14/u-s-president-barack-obama-meets-with-the-gulf-cooperation-council-at-the-white-house-with-a-proposed-nuclear-deal-with-iran-top-of-the-age.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States, White House_
9. [United States federal government shutdown of 2013:U.S. President Barack Obama, the White House Office of Management and Budget, issues a partial shutdown of government agencies after the House and Senate fail to come to an agreement on a spending bill to keep government operations running. ](/news/2013/10/1/united-states-federal-government-shutdown-of-2013-pu-s-president-barack-obama-the-white-house-office-of-management-and-budget-issues-a-pa.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States, White House_
10. [Shinzo Abe, the Prime Minister of Japan, meets with the President of the United States Barack Obama at the White House to discuss trade, economic, and security issues including North Korea and the Senkaku Islands dispute with China. ](/news/2013/02/22/shinzo-abe-the-prime-minister-of-japan-meets-with-the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-at-the-white-house-to-discuss-trade-eco.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States, White House_
