### [2011-05-20](/news/2011/05/20/index.md)

# The International Monetary Fund approves a 26 billion euro loan to Portugal as part of a joint bailout package with the European Union to try to resolve the European sovereign debt crisis. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5hP-WlJ7roHt-z9N4JCSwvUfpiTfw?docId=CNG.48cb2236e9ad27d507b57e0cc138ac70.591)
2. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2011-05-20/imf-board-approves-36-8-billion-loan-to-portugal.html)

### Related:

1. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: President of Cyprus Nicos Anastasiades says the island has no intention of abandoning the euro, despite the tough conditions imposed by its 10 billion euro bailout deal with the European Union and International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2013/03/29/2012a2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-president-of-cyprus-nicos-anastasiades-says-the-island-has-no-intention-of-abandoning-the-euro-despit.md) _Context: EUR, European Union, International Monetary Fund_
2. [European Union finance ministers approve a 78 billion euro bailout package for Portugal ](/news/2011/05/16/european-union-finance-ministers-approve-a-78-billion-euro-bailout-package-for-portugal.md) _Context: EUR, European Union, Portugal_
3. [New York City police question International Monetary Fund head Dominique Strauss-Kahn, arrested yesterday, over allegations that he sexually attacked a hotel maid near Times Square. Strauss-Kahn's schedule is threatened with interruption, with a meeting over the bailouts of Portugal and Greece with European Union finance ministers due in Brussels tomorrow. ](/news/2011/05/15/new-york-city-police-question-international-monetary-fund-head-dominique-strauss-kahn-arrested-yesterday-over-allegations-that-he-sexually.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund, Portugal_
4. [Standard & Poor's downgrades Greece's sovereign credit rating to junk, four days after the country's government requests the activation of a EUR45-billion EU-IMF bailout. ](/news/2010/04/27/standard-poor-s-downgrades-greece-s-sovereign-credit-rating-to-junk-four-days-after-the-country-s-government-requests-the-activation-of-a.md) _Context: EUR, European Union, International Monetary Fund_
5. [The European Union pledges to give the Gambia EUR225 million in aid to assist the country following the departure of former president Yahya Jammeh, whose 22 years of misrule left the country "virtually bankrupt". ](/news/2017/02/10/the-european-union-pledges-to-give-the-gambia-a-225-million-in-aid-to-assist-the-country-following-the-departure-of-former-president-yahya.md) _Context: EUR, European Union_
6. [Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-suggested-the-imf-may-threaten.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
7. [Greek voters solidly reject (61.3 percent) the latest austerity proposal of the European Union, the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank. ](/news/2015/07/5/greek-voters-solidly-reject-61-3-percent-the-latest-austerity-proposal-of-the-european-union-the-international-monetary-fund-and-the-euro.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
8. [The Greek bailout program by the European Union ends today with Greece failing to make a payment to the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2015/06/30/the-greek-bailout-program-by-the-european-union-ends-today-with-greece-failing-to-make-a-payment-to-the-international-monetary-fund.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
9. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: Security tightens in Cyprus as banks prepare to reopen after nearly two weeks, following a controversial international bailout that was negotiated with the European Union and the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2013/03/28/2012a2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-security-tightens-in-cyprus-as-banks-prepare-to-reopen-after-nearly-two-weeks-following-a-controversi.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
10. [Cyprus reportedly reaches an outline bank bailout deal with international lenders including the European Union, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2013/03/25/cyprus-reportedly-reaches-an-outline-bank-bailout-deal-with-international-lenders-including-the-european-union-the-european-central-bank-an.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
