## [2008-08-14](/news/2008/08/14/index.md)

### [ Donald Tusk, the Prime Minister of Poland, announces that the United States and Poland have reached an agreement on basing missile defense in Poland. ](/news/2008/08/14/donald-tusk-the-prime-minister-of-poland-announces-that-the-united-states-and-poland-have-reached-an-agreement-on-basing-missile-defense.md)
_Context: Americans, Donald Tusk, Polish, Polish Prime Minister, missile defense shield_

### [ The Consumer Price Index in the United States rises by .8 per cent in July 2008 giving an annual inflation rate of 5.6 per cent, the highest in 17 years. ](/news/2008/08/14/the-consumer-price-index-in-the-united-states-rises-by-8-per-cent-in-july-2008-giving-an-annual-inflation-rate-of-5-6-per-cent-the-highes.md)
_Context: Americans, July 2008, consumer price index_

### [ Russia says it will support whatever decision the people of breakaway republics of Abkhazia and South Ossetia will make during referendum on the future of their land [http:--www.iht.com-articles-2008-08-14-europe-15georgia.php ("International Herald Tribune")] [http:--www.nytimes.com-2008-08-15-world-europe-15georgia.html ("The New York Times")] Analysts 'see the conflict as a gamble initiated by Georgia, which is seeking EU and NATO membership, to test the strength of its Western allies in the face of Russia's unwillingness to see the West encroaching on its doorstep.' [http:--edition.cnn.com-2008-WORLD-europe-08-14-georgia.russia.war-index.html (CNN)] An Amnesty International worldwide movement for human rights reported on August, 14, that the assault of the Georgian Army on Tskhinvali included '14 hours of bombardment' of the city. Amnesty International is still gathering information on the reported heavy civilian casualties, as well as reported bombings of non-military targets leading to deaths of civilians and the destruction of civilian buildings. [http:--www.amnesty.org-en-news-and-updates-news-civilians-vulnerable-after-hostilities-georgia-20080814 (Amnesty International)] Russia appeared 'to be handing over a key Georgian city Thursday', U.S. officials said. Senior U.S. General James Cartwright claims that 'Russian forces seemed to be complying with an internationally-mediated cease-fire'. [http:--edition.cnn.com-2008-WORLD-europe-08-14-georgia.russia.war-index.html (CNN)] Georgia's Prime Minister Lado Gurgenidze claimed that more than 100 Russian vehicles, some of them armoured, had gathered outside the major western Georgian town of Zugdidi. However, Robert Gates, the US Secretary of Defense, said that the Russian army is 'withdrawing their forces back towards Abkhazia and towards South Ossetia' [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-europe-7561586.stm US warns Russia of lasting impact (BBC News)] Russian forces say they will start to return control of the key town of Gori to Georgia soon. 'For another two days Russian troops will stay in the region to ... hand over control functions to Georgian law-enforcement bodies, after which they will leave," Major-General Vyacheslav Borisov as quoted by Russian news agencies. [http:--www.reuters.com-article-GCA-Georgia-idUSLE73186420080814 (Reuters)] Georgian police return to the town of Gori as the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation leave. [http:--edition.cnn.com-2008-WORLD-europe-08-14-georgia.russia.war- (CNN)] AV and MT went to watch Kung fu Panday BBS](/news/2008/08/14/russia-says-it-will-support-whatever-decision-the-people-of-breakaway-republics-of-abkhazia-and-south-ossetia-will-make-during-referendum-o.md)
_Context: Amnesty International, BBS, Georgian, Georgian Army, Gori, Human rights, Robert Gates, Russian security forces, Tskhinvali, Zugdidi_

### [ China's Liu Zige wins the 2008 Beijing Olympics' women's 200-meters-butterfly gold setting a world record of two minutes and 04.18 seconds. ](/news/2008/08/14/china-s-liu-zige-wins-the-2008-beijing-olympics-women-s-200-meters-butterfly-gold-setting-a-world-record-of-two-minutes-and-04-18-seconds.md)
_Context: 2008 Beijing Olympics, 2008 Summer Olympics, Liu Zige, women's 200-meters-butterfly_

### [ Judge Jamie S. Perri of New Jersey's Superior Court rules that the Communications Decency Act exempts the Wikimedia Foundation from liability in a defamation suit filed by literary agent Barbara Bauer. ](/news/2008/08/14/judge-jamie-s-perri-of-new-jersey-s-superior-court-rules-that-the-communications-decency-act-exempts-the-wikimedia-foundation-from-liabili.md)
_Context: Communications Decency Act, New Jersey, Superior Court, Wikimedia Foundation, defamation, literary agent_

## [Previous Day...](/news/2008/08/13/index.md)

