### [2008-08-14](/news/2008/08/14/index.md)

#  Russia says it will support whatever decision the people of breakaway republics of Abkhazia and South Ossetia will make during referendum on the future of their land [http://www.iht.com/articles/2008/08/14/europe/15georgia.php ("International Herald Tribune")] [http://www.nytimes.com/2008/08/15/world/europe/15georgia.html ("The New York Times")] Analysts 'see the conflict as a gamble initiated by Georgia, which is seeking EU and NATO membership, to test the strength of its Western allies in the face of Russia's unwillingness to see the West encroaching on its doorstep.' [http://edition.cnn.com/2008/WORLD/europe/08/14/georgia.russia.war/index.html (CNN)] An Amnesty International worldwide movement for human rights reported on August, 14, that the assault of the Georgian Army on Tskhinvali included '14 hours of bombardment' of the city. Amnesty International is still gathering information on the reported heavy civilian casualties, as well as reported bombings of non-military targets leading to deaths of civilians and the destruction of civilian buildings. [http://www.amnesty.org/en/news-and-updates/news/civilians-vulnerable-after-hostilities-georgia-20080814 (Amnesty International)] Russia appeared 'to be handing over a key Georgian city Thursday', U.S. officials said. Senior U.S. General James Cartwright claims that 'Russian forces seemed to be complying with an internationally-mediated cease-fire'. [http://edition.cnn.com/2008/WORLD/europe/08/14/georgia.russia.war/index.html (CNN)] Georgia's Prime Minister Lado Gurgenidze claimed that more than 100 Russian vehicles, some of them armoured, had gathered outside the major western Georgian town of Zugdidi. However, Robert Gates, the US Secretary of Defense, said that the Russian army is 'withdrawing their forces back towards Abkhazia and towards South Ossetia' [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/7561586.stm US warns Russia of lasting impact (BBC News)] Russian forces say they will start to return control of the key town of Gori to Georgia soon. 'For another two days Russian troops will stay in the region to ... hand over control functions to Georgian law-enforcement bodies, after which they will leave," Major-General Vyacheslav Borisov as quoted by Russian news agencies. [http://www.reuters.com/article/GCA-Georgia/idUSLE73186420080814 (Reuters)] Georgian police return to the town of Gori as the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation leave. [http://edition.cnn.com/2008/WORLD/europe/08/14/georgia.russia.war/ (CNN)] AV and MT went to watch Kung fu Panday BBS




### Related:

1. [Amnesty International calls on the People's Republic of China to stop the harassment, arbitrary detention and torture of human rights lawyers. ](/news/2011/06/30/amnesty-international-calls-on-the-people-s-republic-of-china-to-stop-the-harassment-arbitrary-detention-and-torture-of-human-rights-lawyer.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Human rights_
2. [A statue of Joseph Stalin is discreetly removed overnight from the central square of his hometown of Gori in Georgia. ](/news/2010/06/25/a-statue-of-joseph-stalin-is-discreetly-removed-overnight-from-the-central-square-of-his-hometown-of-gori-in-georgia.md) _Context: Georgian, Gori_
3. [In its annual report, Amnesty International says human rights abuses and repression increased in Iran and China last year, the African Union refused to cooperate with the International Criminal Court after it indicted Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for war crimes in Darfur, the United Nations' Human Rights Council took little action while Sri Lanka's army and Tamil militants both committed potential war crimes, and Israel and the militant group Hamas did not follow up on reports that accused both sides of human rights abuses during the Gaza War. ](/news/2010/05/27/in-its-annual-report-amnesty-international-says-human-rights-abuses-and-repression-increased-in-iran-and-china-last-year-the-african-union.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Human rights_
4. [Amnesty International's Secretary-General sparks a furor by saying that "jihad in self-defense" is not "antithetical" to human rights. ](/news/2010/04/7/amnesty-internationalas-secretary-general-sparks-a-furor-by-saying-that-ajihad-in-self-defensea-is-not-aantitheticala-to-human-rig.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Human rights_
5. [ Amnesty International's report on the 2008 South Ossetia war highlights Georgia's role as aggressor and notes evidence of "notoriously inaccurate" Georgian artillery fire resulting in "scores" of civilian deaths in South Ossetia, of aimed artillery fire at Russian peacekeepers base, and of Russian failure to provide defense to civilians during the conflict. ](/news/2008/11/19/amnesty-international-s-report-on-the-2008-south-ossetia-war-highlights-georgia-s-role-as-aggressor-and-notes-evidence-of-notoriously-inac.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Georgian_
6. [ Ukrainian President, Viktor Yushchenko may face impeachment on charges of undermining national security, and illegal arms trade with Georgia months before the attack on Tskhinvali, South Ossetia, says Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko. Yushchenko earlier said the arms trade charges are "unsubstantiated". ](/news/2008/10/2/ukrainian-president-viktor-yushchenko-may-face-impeachment-on-charges-of-undermining-national-security-and-illegal-arms-trade-with-georgi.md) _Context: Georgian, Tskhinvali_
7. [ President of Russia Dmitry Medvedev and President of France Nicolas Sarkozy announced after talks in Moscow that an agreement to pull Russian forces from Georgia within a month has been reached. The agreement has become possible as EU will send 200 civilian monitors to the area and guarantee that Georgia signs a pledge to not use military force in Abkhazia and South Ossetia again. ](/news/2008/09/8/president-of-russia-dmitry-medvedev-and-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-announced-after-talks-in-moscow-that-an-agreement-to-pull-russi.md) _Context: Georgian, Russian security forces_
8. [ Russia and Georgia continue to fight in South Ossetia and Georgia. The search for the dead and injured continues after at least 2,000 civilians were killed after two days Georgian offensive. Russia reported 12 peacekeepers killed and 30 wounded in the previous day during the Georgian tank and missile bombardment of Tskhinvali. ](/news/2008/08/9/russia-and-georgia-continue-to-fight-in-south-ossetia-and-georgia-the-search-for-the-dead-and-injured-continues-after-at-least-2-000-civil.md) _Context: Georgian, Tskhinvali_
9. [ Around 0:30 AM (local time), Georgia begins a full-scale attack on the breakaway republic of South Ossetia, using tanks, military aircraft, artillery, and infantry. Major-General Marat Kulakhmetov, the commander of a small force of Russian peacekeepers under CIS mandate in Tskhinvali makes a statement that Georgian 'heavy artillery shelling conducted for several hours' and 'has practically demolished the town' ](/news/2008/08/8/around-0-30-am-local-time-georgia-begins-a-full-scale-attack-on-the-breakaway-republic-of-south-ossetia-using-tanks-military-aircraft.md) _Context: Georgian, Tskhinvali_
10. [ Human Rights Watch claims both Georgia and Russia violated rights of the civilian population during the conflict. Georgian ground offensive in South Ossetia included shelling of Tskhinvali, capital of South Ossetia, with Grad rocket systems and 'indiscriminate' use of tanks in the city, which caused 'numerous' civilian casualties and 'extensive' destruction. HRW says 'a hospital, apartment buildings, houses, schools, kindergartens, shops, administrative buildings, and the university' in Tskhinvali were 'severely damaged' during Georgian night-long 'uninterrupted' shelling of South Ossetian capital on August 7-8. Russian airforce, HRW reports, carried out bombardments of the two buildings in Georgian village in South Ossetia, 'that could be housing the Georgian military', and attacked presumably civilian convoy of several dozen cars. HRW also confirmed the Russian military's use of cluster bombs in two towns in Georgia, killing at least 11 civilians. ](/news/2008/08/20/human-rights-watch-claims-both-georgia-and-russia-violated-rights-of-the-civilian-population-during-the-conflict-georgian-ground-offensive.md) _Context: Georgian, Tskhinvali_
