### [2013-12-21](/news/2013/12/21/index.md)

# Canadian-American billionaire Edgar M. Bronfman, who ran Seagram until 1994, dies in Manhattan at age 84. 

Mr. Bronfman helped the liquor company acquire other businesses and make a stake in Hollywood, and he championed the rights of Jews as president of the World Jewish Congress.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2013/12/23/business/edgar-m-bronfman-who-brought-elegance-and-expansion-to-seagram-dies-at-84.html?pagewanted=all)

### Related:

1. [At least 17 people, including two Canadians, are reported dead and eight others injured in an attack on a Turkish themed restaurant in Ouagadougou, the capital of Burkina Faso. ](/news/2017/08/13/at-least-17-people-including-two-canadians-are-reported-dead-and-eight-others-injured-in-an-attack-on-a-turkish-themed-restaurant-in-ouaga.md) _Context: Canadians_
2. [Following the death of 22-year-old U.S. student Otto Warmbier, touring firm Young Pioneer Tours, who arranged Otto's visit to North Korea, say they will no longer be taking U.S. citizens to North Korea as the "risk is too high". Beijing-based Koryo Tours say they are reviewing their positions on taking U.S. citizens to the country. ](/news/2017/06/20/following-the-death-of-22-year-old-u-s-student-otto-warmbier-touring-firm-young-pioneer-tours-who-arranged-otto-s-visit-to-north-korea-s.md) _Context: U.S._
3. [Pedro Hernandez, convicted in February 2017 for the May 25, 1979 death of Etan Patz in the SoHo neighborhood of Manhattan, was sentenced yesterday to 25 years to life imprisonment.](/news/2017/04/19/pedro-hernandez-convicted-in-february-2017-for-the-may-25-1979-death-of-etan-patz-in-the-soho-neighborhood-of-manhattan-was-sentenced-yes.md) _Context: Manhattan_
4. [2016 Bagram Airfield bombing: An explosion at NATO's Bagram Airfield kills four Americans and injures at least 16 U.S. service members and a Polish soldier. The Taliban claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/12/2016-bagram-airfield-bombing-an-explosion-at-nato-s-bagram-airfield-kills-four-americans-and-injures-at-least-16-u-s-service-members-and-a.md) _Context: U.S._
5. [The American pop star Madonna agrees on a settlement with her former husband Guy Ritchie over their son. ](/news/2016/09/7/the-american-pop-star-madonna-agrees-on-a-settlement-with-her-former-husband-guy-ritchie-over-their-son.md) _Context: U.S._
6. [Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance, Jr. announces over $800 million in grants available to various agencies across the U.S. for law enforcement-related initiatives such as testing of potentially expired rape kits, the funding of an international center devoted to monitoring cyber attacks, and a program at John Jay College of Criminal Justice dedicated to training prosecutors.  The grants are funded from criminal penalties paid by several international banks accused of violating sanctions. ](/news/2015/11/8/manhattan-district-attorney-cyrus-r-vance-jr-announces-over-800-million-in-grants-available-to-various-agencies-across-the-u-s-for-law.md) _Context: Manhattan_
7. [Following 21 days of deliberation the deadlocked jury in Manhattan declared a mistrial in the case against three former senior attorneys from the "once large and prominent law firm" Dewey & LeBoeuf.  The three had been charged with "plotting to manipulate financial records in an attempt to defraud bank lenders and insurance companies during the financial crisis." ](/news/2015/10/19/following-21-days-of-deliberation-the-deadlocked-jury-in-manhattan-declared-a-mistrial-in-the-case-against-three-former-senior-attorneys-fro.md) _Context: Manhattan_
8. [The government of Australia refuses entry to American singer Chris Brown because of his 2009 conviction for domestic violence against his then girlfriend Rihanna. ](/news/2015/09/27/the-government-of-australia-refuses-entry-to-american-singer-chris-brown-because-of-his-2009-conviction-for-domestic-violence-against-his-th.md) _Context: U.S._
9. [The District Attorney for Manhattan says he intends to retry a murder case in the disappearance of Etan Patz which ended in a mistrial. ](/news/2015/05/18/the-district-attorney-for-manhattan-says-he-intends-to-retry-a-murder-case-in-the-disappearance-of-etan-patz-which-ended-in-a-mistrial.md) _Context: Manhattan_
10. [A New York state appellate court in Manhattan rules to approve in its entirety the 2011 settlement by Bank of America with 22 institutional investors including BlackRock Inc, MetLife Inc, and Allianz SE's Pacific Investment Management Co to resolve claims over $174 billion of mortgage securities issued by the former Countrywide Financial Corp. in a $8.5 billion settlement. ](/news/2015/03/5/a-new-york-state-appellate-court-in-manhattan-rules-to-approve-in-its-entirety-the-2011-settlement-by-bank-of-america-with-22-institutional.md) _Context: Manhattan_
