### [2013-12-21](/news/2013/12/21/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War:Battle of Aleppo: Rebel forces capture the Al-Kindi hospital after a huge suicide truck bombing destroys part of the building. 

Rebels in the Syrian city of Aleppo set off a massive suicide lorry bomb to seize back a strategic ruined hospital occupied by Assad loyalists.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-25479725)

### Related:

1. [   Syrian rebels withdraw from the old city of Aleppo. ](/news/2016/12/7/syrian-rebels-withdraw-from-the-old-city-of-aleppo.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, the battle for Aleppo_
2. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights declares that "the battle for Aleppo has reached its end" with a major victory for the Syrian government. ](/news/2016/12/12/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-declares-that-the-battle-for-aleppo-has-reached-its-end-with-a-major-victory-for-the-syrian-govern.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, the battle for Aleppo_
3. [Rebels in Aleppo launch an assault on government-controlled areas in the city. This comes after the Syrian Army blocked off the only road leading into opposition-controlled areas. According to state media, at least eight people have been killed and dozens more are wounded. ](/news/2016/07/11/rebels-in-aleppo-launch-an-assault-on-government-controlled-areas-in-the-city-this-comes-after-the-syrian-army-blocked-off-the-only-road-le.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, the battle for Aleppo_
4. [At least nine civilians are killed and dozens are injured after rockets and mortars hit the mainly Kurdish neighborhood of Sheikh Maqsood in the city of Aleppo. The neighborhood is controlled by the People's Protection Units (YPG). ](/news/2016/03/6/at-least-nine-civilians-are-killed-and-dozens-are-injured-after-rockets-and-mortars-hit-the-mainly-kurdish-neighborhood-of-sheikh-maqsood-in.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, the battle for Aleppo_
5. [ISIL militants cut off the Syrian Army's main supply route to the city of Aleppo and capture the village of Khanasir, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/02/23/isil-militants-cut-off-the-syrian-army-s-main-supply-route-to-the-city-of-aleppo-and-capture-the-village-of-khanasir-according-to-the-syria.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, the battle for Aleppo_
6. [Iranian state television says Revolutionary Guard brigadier general, Hossein Hamadani, has been killed on the outskirts of Syria's Aleppo by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. This is the latest in a string of high-ranking Iranian commanders killed in Iraq and Syria in the last six months. ](/news/2015/10/9/iranian-state-television-says-revolutionary-guard-brigadier-general-hossein-hamadani-has-been-killed-on-the-outskirts-of-syria-s-aleppo-by.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, the battle for Aleppo_
7. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
8. [The United States launches 60  Tomahawk cruise missiles aimed at the Ash Sha'irat air base in Homs Governorate in response to the Syrian government's alleged use of chemical weapons in its attack on the town of Khan Shaykhun. The Government of Syria claims the attack killed six soldiers and nine civilians, including four children. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-united-states-launches-60-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-aimed-at-the-ash-sha-irat-air-base-in-homs-governorate-in-response-to-the-syrian-gov.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
9. [A toxic gas attack, allegedly by Syrian warplanes, kills at least 83 and injures many more in rebel-held Khan Shaykhun, Idlib. ](/news/2017/04/4/a-toxic-gas-attack-allegedly-by-syrian-warplanes-kills-at-least-83-and-injures-many-more-in-rebel-held-khan-shaykhun-idlib.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
10. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a large explosion near Damascus International Airport followed by a fire. The Syrian government says Israel struck the military site with several missiles. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz states that the strike "corresponds completely with Israel's policy". ](/news/2017/04/27/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-large-explosion-near-damascus-international-airport-followed-by-a-fire-the-syrian-governm.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
