### [2013-12-21](/news/2013/12/21/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War:: Battle of Aleppo: Rebel forces capture the Al-Kindi hospital after a huge suicide truck bombing destroys part of the building. 

Rebels in the Syrian city of Aleppo set off a massive suicide lorry bomb to seize back a strategic ruined hospital occupied by Assad loyalists.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-25479725)

### Related:

1. [ Syrian Civil War: Battle of Aleppo (2012-present): Aleppo offensive (November-December 2016): Syrian rebels withdraw from the old city of Aleppo. ](/news/2016/12/7/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-aleppo-2012-present-aleppo-offensive-november-december-2016-syrian-rebels-withdraw-from-the-old-city.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, the battle for Aleppo_
2. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights declares that "the battle for Aleppo has reached its end" with a major victory for the Syrian government. ](/news/2016/12/12/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-declares-that-the-battle-for-aleppo-has-reached-its-end-with-a-major-victory-for.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, the battle for Aleppo_
3. [Syrian Civil War: Rebels in Aleppo launch an assault on government-controlled areas in the city. This comes after the Syrian Army blocked off the only road leading into opposition-controlled areas. According to state media, at least eight people have been killed and dozens more are wounded. ](/news/2016/07/11/syrian-civil-war-rebels-in-aleppo-launch-an-assault-on-government-controlled-areas-in-the-city-this-comes-after-the-syrian-army-blocked-of.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, the battle for Aleppo_
4. [Syrian Civil War: Battle of Aleppo (2012-present): At least nine civilians are killed and dozens are injured after rockets and mortars hit the mainly Kurdish neighborhood of Sheikh Maqsood in the city of Aleppo. The neighborhood is controlled by the People's Protection Units (YPG). ](/news/2016/03/6/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-aleppo-2012-present-at-least-nine-civilians-are-killed-and-dozens-are-injured-after-rockets-and-mortars-hit.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, the battle for Aleppo_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Battle of Aleppo (2012-present): ISIL militants cut off the Syrian Army's main supply route to the city of Aleppo and capture the village of Khanasir, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/02/23/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-aleppo-2012-present-isil-militants-cut-off-the-syrian-army-s-main-supply-route-to-the-city-of-aleppo-and-ca.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, the battle for Aleppo_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Battle of Aleppo (2012-present): Iranian state television says Revolutionary Guard brigadier general, Hossein Hamadani, has been killed on the outskirts of Syria's Aleppo by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. This is the latest in a string of high-ranking Iranian commanders killed in Iraq and Syria in the last six months. ](/news/2015/10/9/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-aleppo-2012-present-iranian-state-television-says-revolutionary-guard-brigadier-general-hossein-hamadani.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, the battle for Aleppo_
7. [Syrian Civil War: A rocket hits and injures several people at the Damascus International Fair. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says five people have died. ](/news/2017/08/20/syrian-civil-war-a-rocket-hits-and-injures-several-people-at-the-damascus-international-fair-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War: A day after a Russian sponsored ceasefire with a rebel group agreed a halt of fighting in the last opposition enclave in the capital, Syrian government airplanes and artillery strike rebel-held eastern Damascus suburbs and Ghouta with barrel bombs, killing at least five civilians in the towns of Hamouriya and Zalamka with several case of suffocation from rockets filled with chlorine that were fired at the front lines of Jobar and Ain Terma. ](/news/2017/08/19/syrian-civil-war-a-day-after-a-russian-sponsored-ceasefire-with-a-rebel-group-agreed-a-halt-of-fighting-in-the-last-opposition-enclave-in-t.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War: Central Syria campaign (July 2017-present): A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/syrian-civil-war-central-syria-campaign-july-2017-present-a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kill.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War: Seven members of the White Helmets are shot dead by unidentified gunmen who stormed their office in rebel-held Sarmin, in northwestern Syria. ](/news/2017/08/12/syrian-civil-war-seven-members-of-the-white-helmets-are-shot-dead-by-unidentified-gunmen-who-stormed-their-office-in-rebel-held-sarmin-in.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
