### [2003-01-12](/news/2003/01/12/index.md)

#  Ariel Sharon and his Likud party are the target of continued accusations of political corruption.




### Related:

1. [ Omri Sharon, son of the Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, has been formally indicted on charges of corruption following allegations concerning Ariel Sharon's bid to become leader of the Likud party in 1999. ](/news/2005/08/28/omri-sharon-son-of-the-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-has-been-formally-indicted-on-charges-of-corruption-following-allegations-c.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Likud, anti-corruption_
2. [ The Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, announces his resignation from Likud and his intention to form a new party, and asks the President of Israel to call a general election. ](/news/2005/11/21/the-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-announces-his-resignation-from-likud-and-his-intention-to-form-a-new-party-and-asks-the-presid.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Likud_
3. [ Israeli army radio reports Ariel Sharon, the current Prime Minister of Israel, will leave Likud and create a new centrist party positioned between it and Israeli Labor Party. This move ends more than a year of Likud infighting between Sharon and hard-right members led by Benjamin Netanyahu who opposed withdrawal from Gaza, and closely follows Labour's departure from the present grand coalition government. Early elections are now a near-certainty. ](/news/2005/11/20/israeli-army-radio-reports-ariel-sharon-the-current-prime-minister-of-israel-will-leave-likud-and-create-a-new-centrist-party-positioned.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Likud_
4. [ Former Prime Minister of Israel, Binyamin Netanyahu, has declared his intention to challenge Ariel Sharon for leadership of the Likud party. ](/news/2005/08/30/former-prime-minister-of-israel-binyamin-netanyahu-has-declared-his-intention-to-challenge-ariel-sharon-for-leadership-of-the-likud-party.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Likud_
5. [ The Labour Party and Ariel Sharon's Likud Party reach an agreement, forming a unity government in order to implement Israel's unilateral disengagement plan of 2004. In return, the Labor will receive eight cabinet portfolios, including "peace/disengagement minister" specially suited for Shimon Peres and Internal Affairs. ](/news/2004/12/17/the-labour-party-and-ariel-sharon-s-likud-party-reach-an-agreement-forming-a-unity-government-in-order-to-implement-israel-s-unilateral-di.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Likud_
6. [Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ends the Likud-led coalition after he fires ministers from the secular Shinui party, which voted to defeat the annual budget over subsidies to religious parties. ](/news/2004/12/1/israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-ends-the-likud-led-coalition-after-he-fires-ministers-from-the-secular-shinui-party-which-voted-to-defe.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Likud_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The Knesset approves Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to withdraw 21 settlements from the Gaza Strip and 4 from the West Bank by next year. Israeli Finance Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and three other cabinet ministers from Sharon's ruling Likud government threaten to resign if a referendum over the plan will not be held. ](/news/2004/10/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-knesset-approves-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-s-plan-to-withdraw-21-settlements-from-the-gaza-stri.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Likud_
8. [ Israel's prime minister, Ariel Sharon, vows to press on with his disengagement plan, despite it receiving another rejection from his Likud party. ](/news/2004/08/19/israel-s-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-vows-to-press-on-with-his-disengagement-plan-despite-it-receiving-another-rejection-from-his-likud.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Likud_
9. [ Four former heads of Israel's internal security criticise the policies of the right wing Likud-led government of Ariel Sharon towards Palestinians and say the policies if not changed would see Israel "headed for (an) abyss". The four headed the security services for two decades between 1980 and 2000.](/news/2003/11/14/four-former-heads-of-israel-s-internal-security-criticise-the-policies-of-the-right-wing-likud-led-government-of-ariel-sharon-towards-pales.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Likud_
10. [ Israeli Attorney General Elyakim Rubinstein publicly rebukes Ariel Sharon's son Gilad for refusing to cooperate with an investigation into graft and influence peddling.](/news/2003/08/2/israeli-attorney-general-elyakim-rubinstein-publicly-rebukes-ariel-sharon-s-son-gilad-for-refusing-to-cooperate-with-an-investigation-into.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, anti-corruption_
