### [2014-05-31](/news/2014/05/31/index.md)

# War in North-West Pakistan:: Taliban insurgents from Afghanistan attack a Pakistani border post in the Bajur tribal area, resulting in the deaths of 14 militants and one soldier. 




### Source:

1. [Voice of America](http://www.voanews.com/content/at-least-15-killed-in-raid-on-pakistan-border/1926675.html)

### Related:

1. [War in North-West Pakistan:: A cross border attack by the Afghan Taliban kills three Pakistan Army soldiers in Bajaur Agency of the Federally Administered Tribal Areas. ](/news/2014/07/12/war-in-north-west-pakistan-a-cross-border-attack-by-the-afghan-taliban-kills-three-pakistan-army-soldiers-in-bajaur-agency-of-the-federall.md) _Context: Bajaur Agency, Federally Administered Tribal Areas, Taliban, War in North-West Pakistan_
2. [War in North-West Pakistan: A United States drone strike kills two alleged militants in the Kurram district of the Federally Administered Tribal Areas. ](/news/2017/03/2/war-in-north-west-pakistan-a-united-states-drone-strike-kills-two-alleged-militants-in-the-kurram-district-of-the-federally-administered-tr.md) _Context: Federally Administered Tribal Areas, War in North-West Pakistan_
3. [War in North-West Pakistan: 2017 Parachinar bombing: At least 22 people are killed and around 90 injured after a bomb explodes at a vegetable market in Parachinar in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan. ](/news/2017/01/21/war-in-north-west-pakistan-2017-parachinar-bombing-at-least-22-people-are-killed-and-around-90-injured-after-a-bomb-explodes-at-a-vegetabl.md) _Context: Federally Administered Tribal Areas, War in North-West Pakistan_
4. [War in North-West Pakistan: A Taliban suicide bomber hits a court complex in the town of Shabqadar killing at least 13 people and injuring 36. Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, a Pakistani Taliban faction, says the attack is retaliation for Mumtaz Qadri's execution last week. ](/news/2016/03/7/war-in-north-west-pakistan-a-taliban-suicide-bomber-hits-a-court-complex-in-the-town-of-shabqadar-killing-at-least-13-people-and-injuring-3.md) _Context: Taliban, War in North-West Pakistan_
5. [War in North-West Pakistan: Pakistan says seven of its soldiers have been killed in the South Waziristan tribal region by fire from across the border with Afghanistan. The soldiers belonged to the Frontier Corps; the attack targeted a checkpoint northeast of the border village of Angoor Adda. ](/news/2015/10/27/war-in-north-west-pakistan-pakistan-says-seven-of-its-soldiers-have-been-killed-in-the-south-waziristan-tribal-region-by-fire-from-across-t.md) _Context: Federally Administered Tribal Areas, War in North-West Pakistan_
6. [War in North-West Pakistan: Seven Pakistani army soldiers and 19 Taliban fighters are killed in overnight fighting in North Waziristan near the Afghanistan border. ](/news/2015/06/8/war-in-north-west-pakistan-seven-pakistani-army-soldiers-and-19-taliban-fighters-are-killed-in-overnight-fighting-in-north-waziristan-near.md) _Context: Taliban, War in North-West Pakistan_
7. [War in North-West Pakistan: U.S. drone strikes in North Waziristan kill at least four suspected Taliban militants. ](/news/2015/04/12/war-in-north-west-pakistan-u-s-drone-strikes-in-north-waziristan-kill-at-least-four-suspected-taliban-militants.md) _Context: Taliban, War in North-West Pakistan_
8. [War in North-West Pakistan: The Pakistan Armed Forces conduct operations in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas, killing seventy-seven militants. ](/news/2014/12/19/war-in-north-west-pakistan-the-pakistan-armed-forces-conduct-operations-in-the-federally-administered-tribal-areas-killing-seventy-seven-m.md) _Context: Federally Administered Tribal Areas, War in North-West Pakistan_
9. [War in North-West Pakistan: 2014 Peshawar school attack: Pakistan lifts the moratorium on the death penalty for terror-related cases following the Taliban's assault on a school in Peshawar on Tuesday that killed 141, including 132 children. ](/news/2014/12/17/war-in-north-west-pakistan-2014-peshawar-school-attack-pakistan-lifts-the-moratorium-on-the-death-penalty-for-terror-related-cases-followi.md) _Context: Taliban, War in North-West Pakistan_
10. [War in North-West Pakistan: 2014 Peshawar school attack: Taliban gunmen storm one of the military-run Army Public Schools in the Pakistani city of Peshawar, killing at least 141, including 132 children and nine employees, with most of five hundred students evacuated. ](/news/2014/12/16/war-in-north-west-pakistan-2014-peshawar-school-attack-taliban-gunmen-storm-one-of-the-military-run-army-public-schools-in-the-pakistani-c.md) _Context: Taliban, War in North-West Pakistan_
