### [2013-03-10](/news/2013/03/10/index.md)

# Daylight saving time goes into effect across the United States (except Arizona and Hawaii) and Canada (except Saskatchewan). 

Canadians in provinces that use daylight saving time during the summer months will need to adjust their clocks back by an hour at 2 a.m. on Sunday Nov. 1 for the switch to local standard time.


### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/news/canada/story/2013/03/06/f-daylight-savings-time-faq.html)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2013/03/09/us/daylight-saving-time/)

### Related:

1. [ In a bid to stay in step with its largest trading partner, the United States, Ontario announces it will become the first Canadian province to extend daylight saving time. ](/news/2005/10/20/in-a-bid-to-stay-in-step-with-its-largest-trading-partner-the-united-states-ontario-announces-it-will-become-the-first-canadian-province.md) _Context: Canada, Daylight saving time, United States_
2. [FIRST Robotics Competition: Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C. A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/first-robotics-competition-six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in.md) _Context: Canada, United States_
3. [Marco Polo condo fire: At least three people are killed and two hospitalized, one in serious condition, from a fire in a condominium tower in the U.S. city of Honolulu, Hawaii. An unknown number of residents are reportedly still trapped in their apartments. ](/news/2017/07/14/marco-polo-condo-fire-at-least-three-people-are-killed-and-two-hospitalized-one-in-serious-condition-from-a-fire-in-a-condominium-tower-i.md) _Context: Hawaii, United States_
4. [American pipeline operator Williams Partners has agreed to sell an olefins plant in Louisiana to Canadian chemical company Nova Chemicals for $2.1 billion. ](/news/2017/04/17/american-pipeline-operator-williams-partners-has-agreed-to-sell-an-olefins-plant-in-louisiana-to-canadian-chemical-company-nova-chemicals-fo.md) _Context: Canada, United States_
5. [Dakota Access Pipeline protests: The protestors in the area of the Dakota Access Pipeline are evicted, clearing the way for the oil pipeline through Canada and the United States to be built. ](/news/2017/02/23/dakota-access-pipeline-protests-the-protestors-in-the-area-of-the-dakota-access-pipeline-are-evicted-clearing-the-way-for-the-oil-pipeline.md) _Context: Canada, United States_
6. [The immigration website of Canada crashes due to overflow, coinciding with the election in the United States. ](/news/2016/11/9/the-immigration-website-of-canada-crashes-due-to-overflow-coinciding-with-the-election-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Canada, United States_
7. [2016 Fort McMurray wildfire: Residents return to Fort McMurray for the first time since May 1. A couple thousand firefighters, from as far away as South Africa, continue to battle the 5,800 square kilometer (3,603 square mile) Canadian blaze that has crossed the Alberta border into Saskatchewan. ](/news/2016/06/1/2016-fort-mcmurray-wildfire-residents-return-to-fort-mcmurray-for-the-first-time-since-may-1-a-couple-thousand-firefighters-from-as-far-a.md) _Context: Canada, Saskatchewan_
8. [Lake Mead in Mohave County, Arizona, the largest reservoir in the United States, drops to its lowest level in history, declining to its lowest level since it was filled in the 1930s. The reservoir serves water to the states of Arizona, Nevada and California. ](/news/2016/05/21/lake-mead-in-mohave-county-arizona-the-largest-reservoir-in-the-united-states-drops-to-its-lowest-level-in-history-declining-to-its-lowe.md) _Context: Arizona, United States_
9. [Both Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide and Marriott International shareholders approve Marriott's acquisition of Starwood, which will create the world's largest hotelier. The deal has cleared the pre-merger antitrust reviews in the United States and Canada; approvals from the European Union and China is pending. Last week, Anbang Insurance Group topped Marriott's bid, then withdrew their offer three days later. ](/news/2016/04/8/both-starwood-hotels-and-resorts-worldwide-and-marriott-international-shareholders-approve-marriott-s-acquisition-of-starwood-which-will-cr.md) _Context: Canada, United States_
10. [Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016: Voters in the U.S. states of Mississippi, Michigan, Hawaii and Idaho vote in primary elections and caucuses. ](/news/2016/03/8/republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-mississippi-mich.md) _Context: Hawaii, United States_
