### [2014-08-16](/news/2014/08/16/index.md)

# Shooting of Michael Brown:Governor Jay Nixon declares a state of emergency and curfew in the town of Ferguson, Missouri following nights of rioting. 

Missouri Governor Jay Nixon declared a state of emergency and curfew in Ferguson, Mo., on Saturday, following nights of protests after 18-year-old Michael Brown was shot and killed by a police officer.


### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2014/08/16/ferguson-missouri-michael-brown-rally-protests/14160469/)

### Related:

1. [Death of Michael Brown:The Governor of the US state of Missouri, Jay Nixon, dispatches the Missouri National Guard to the St. Louis suburb of Ferguson following a week of often violent protest after the shooting of Michael Brown. ](/news/2014/08/18/death-of-michael-brown-pthe-governor-of-the-us-state-of-missouri-jay-nixon-dispatches-the-missouri-national-guard-to-the-st-louis-suburb.md) _Context: Ferguson, Missouri, Governor, Jay Nixon, Missouri_
2. [A grand jury in St. Louis County, Missouri decides not to indict police officer Darren Wilson in relation to the shooting of Michael Brown in the suburb of Ferguson. ](/news/2014/11/24/a-grand-jury-in-st-louis-county-missouri-decides-not-to-indict-police-officer-darren-wilson-in-relation-to-the-shooting-of-michael-brown-i.md) _Context: Ferguson, Missouri, Missouri, shooting of Michael Brown_
3. [Tornadoes destroy a church and damage dozens of homes in the Midwestern United States, cutting off electricity in several areas, and prompting Missouri Governor Jay Nixon to declare a state of emergency. ](/news/2013/04/11/tornadoes-destroy-a-church-and-damage-dozens-of-homes-in-the-midwestern-united-states-cutting-off-electricity-in-several-areas-and-prompti.md) _Context: Jay Nixon, Missouri, state of emergency_
4. [A Missouri court strikes down parts of a law, meant to address concerns raised after the police shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, that limit cities' ability to profit from traffic tickets and court fines. The judge wrote the  law unconstitutionally targeted St. Louis-area municipalities with caps on revenues from traffic fines that were lower than other cities in the state. ](/news/2016/03/28/a-missouri-court-strikes-down-parts-of-a-law-meant-to-address-concerns-raised-after-the-police-shooting-of-michael-brown-in-ferguson-misso.md) _Context: Ferguson, Missouri, shooting of Michael Brown_
5. [The Ferguson, Missouri, city council, after last month voting to change the terms of the agreement, reverses course and unanimously (6-0) agrees to accept a U.S. Justice Department overhaul of its troubled police force and municipal courts.  This avoided a likely expensive legal battle with the federal government which had filed suit against the city following last month's vote. ](/news/2016/03/15/the-ferguson-missouri-city-council-after-last-month-voting-to-change-the-terms-of-the-agreement-reverses-course-and-unanimously-6-0-ag.md) _Context: Ferguson, Missouri, shooting of Michael Brown_
6. [An unknown gunman shoots two policemen in front of the Ferguson city police headquarters in the U.S. state of Missouri. ](/news/2015/03/12/an-unknown-gunman-shoots-two-policemen-in-front-of-the-ferguson-city-police-headquarters-in-the-u-s-state-of-missouri.md) _Context: Ferguson, Missouri, Missouri_
7. [Protests against the shooting of Michael Brown by the Ferguson Police Department in the US state of Missouri turn violent. ](/news/2014/08/13/protests-against-the-shooting-of-michael-brown-by-the-ferguson-police-department-in-the-us-state-of-missouri-turn-violent.md) _Context: Missouri, shooting of Michael Brown_
8. [U.S. tornado outbreak:Seven US states declare a state of emergency following heavy storms including Alabama, Arkansas, Kentucky, Mississippi, Missouri, Tennessee and Oklahoma. ](/news/2011/04/28/u-s-tornado-outbreak-pseven-us-states-declare-a-state-of-emergency-following-heavy-storms-including-alabama-arkansas-kentucky-mississipp.md) _Context: Missouri, state of emergency_
9. [A state of emergency and curfew are declared in Christchurch, New Zealand, after the 2010 Canterbury earthquake. ](/news/2010/09/4/a-state-of-emergency-and-curfew-are-declared-in-christchurch-new-zealand-after-the-2010-canterbury-earthquake.md) _Context: curfew, state of emergency_
10. [Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva lifts a curfew in the capital Bangkok and 23 provinces in the aftermath of protests but a state of emergency would remain. ](/news/2010/05/29/thai-prime-minister-abhisit-vejjajiva-lifts-a-curfew-in-the-capital-bangkok-and-23-provinces-in-the-aftermath-of-protests-but-a-state-of-eme.md) _Context: curfew, state of emergency_
