### [2002-12-24](/news/2002/12/24/index.md)

# A number of US Muslim groups have initiated a class action lawsuit against the US Attorney General, John Ashcroft and the US immigration services over the arrest and detention of Muslim men.




### Related:

1. [ White House Counsel Alberto R. Gonzales has been announced by President George W. Bush as his nominee for United States Attorney General, succeeding John Ashcroft. ](/news/2004/11/9/white-house-counsel-alberto-r-gonzales-has-been-announced-by-president-george-w-bush-as-his-nominee-for-united-states-attorney-general-s.md) _Context: John Ashcroft_
2. [ United States Attorney General John Ashcroft and Secretary of Commerce Donald Evans resign. ](/news/2004/11/8/united-states-attorney-general-john-ashcroft-and-secretary-of-commerce-donald-evans-resign.md) _Context: John Ashcroft_
3. [ A plea bargain in a US court reveals details of an alleged Libyan plot to assassinate Saudi Arabian Crown Prince Abdullah. Leading US Muslim activist Abdurahman Alamoudi, founder of the American Muslim Council, admits taking part in the plot, as he pleads guilty to three charges of illegal dealings with Libya. US Attorney General John Ashcroft says the case has provided "critical intelligence" in the war on terror. ](/news/2004/07/31/a-plea-bargain-in-a-us-court-reveals-details-of-an-alleged-libyan-plot-to-assassinate-saudi-arabian-crown-prince-abdullah-leading-us-musli.md) _Context: John Ashcroft_
4. [ U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft tells the Senate Judiciary Committee that George W. Bush did not approve the torture of terrorist prisoners; he also reiterates his stance that the Geneva Conventions do not apply to al-Qaeda fighters. ](/news/2004/06/9/u-s-attorney-general-john-ashcroft-tells-the-senate-judiciary-committee-that-george-w-bush-did-not-approve-the-torture-of-terrorist-priso.md) _Context: John Ashcroft_
5. [ FBI Director Robert Mueller and United States Attorney General John Ashcroft state that Al Qaeda may be planning a terrorist strike over the coming months. Multiple FBI officials contend that there is no recent intelligence to suggest a significant change in the US's security situation, and critics question the validity and timing of the public warning.[http://www.nytimes.com/2004/05/27/politics/27terror.html?th (NYT)] Seven people wanted for questioning are also named.](/news/2004/05/26/fbi-director-robert-mueller-and-united-states-attorney-general-john-ashcroft-state-that-al-qaeda-may-be-planning-a-terrorist-strike-over-th.md) _Context: John Ashcroft_
6. [ Citing "insufficient evidence", US Federal Judge Adalberto Jordan acquits environmental group Greenpeace on charges under the "sailormongering" statute. A record total of more than 100,000 people worldwide sent protest messages to George W. Bush and US Attorney General John Ashcroft demanding that the case be dropped. ](/news/2004/05/19/citing-insufficient-evidence-us-federal-judge-adalberto-jordan-acquits-environmental-group-greenpeace-on-charges-under-the-sailormonger.md) _Context: John Ashcroft_
7. [ John Ashcroft tells the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States that he blames former president Bill Clinton for intelligence failures and Jamie S. Gorelick for organizational failures leading to the September 11, 2001 attacks. ](/news/2004/04/14/john-ashcroft-tells-the-national-commission-on-terrorist-attacks-upon-the-united-states-that-he-blames-former-president-bill-clinton-for-in.md) _Context: John Ashcroft_
8. [ U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft is hospitalized for gallstone pancreatitis. ](/news/2004/03/5/u-s-attorney-general-john-ashcroft-is-hospitalized-for-gallstone-pancreatitis.md) _Context: John Ashcroft_
9. [U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft recuses himself and his office from the CIA leak scandal, in which the identity of Valerie Plame, a CIA operative, was leaked by Washington insiders. Democratic political leaders had been calling for Ashcroft's recusal. [http://www.cnn.com/2003/ALLPOLITICS/12/30/ashcroft.cia.leaks.reut/index.html]](/news/2003/12/30/u-s-attorney-general-john-ashcroft-recuses-himself-and-his-office-from-the-cia-leak-scandal-in-which-the-identity-of-valerie-plame-a-cia.md) _Context: John Ashcroft_
10. [ The Center for Public Interest, a United States nonprofit watchdog group, obtained a leaked draft version of John Ashcroft's proposed Domestic Security Enhancement Act of 2003, also known as "the Patriot Act II". If enacted, the legislation would grant the United States government unprecedented secret internal surveillance powers and sharply curtail judicial review of such surveillance,](/news/2003/02/7/the-center-for-public-interest-a-united-states-nonprofit-watchdog-group-obtained-a-leaked-draft-version-of-john-ashcroft-s-proposed-domes.md) _Context: John Ashcroft_
