### [2002-12-24](/news/2002/12/24/index.md)

# Sun Microsystems won a major antitrust victory against Microsoft when a federal judge ordered Microsoft to distribute Sun's Java programming language in its Microsoft Windows operating system.




### Related:

1. [ Competing software manufacturers Microsoft and Novell hold a [http://www.novell.com/linux/microsoft/webcast.html press conference] to [http://www.microsoft.com/presspass/press/2006/nov06/11-02MSNovellPR.mspx announce a collaboration] on technologies for inter operation between Microsoft's Windows and Novell's SUSE Linux operating systems.](/news/2006/11/2/competing-software-manufacturers-microsoft-and-novell-hold-a-http-www-novell-com-linux-microsoft-webcast-html-press-conference-to-http.md) _Context: Microsoft, Microsoft Windows_
2. [ In a major development for the Free Software movement, Sun Microsystems releases the Java programming language under the GNU General Public Licence. ](/news/2006/11/13/in-a-major-development-for-the-free-software-movement-sun-microsystems-releases-the-java-programming-language-under-the-gnu-general-public.md) _Context: Java, Sun Microsystems_
3. [Microsoft Paint. Amid a public backlash, Microsoft reneges on its decision to end its Paint program and states that it will be placed on its app store rather than bundled with future editions of Windows. ](/news/2017/07/25/microsoft-paint-amid-a-public-backlash-microsoft-reneges-on-its-decision-to-end-its-paint-program-and-states-that-it-will-be-placed-on-its.md) _Context: Microsoft_
4. [Microsoft Paint. Microsoft announces that Paint will cease to be updated after the Windows 10 Fall Creators Update because its functionality was "integrated into Paint 3D". Paint was first released 32 years ago. ](/news/2017/07/24/microsoft-paint-microsoft-announces-that-paint-will-cease-to-be-updated-after-the-windows-10-fall-creators-update-because-its-functionality.md) _Context: Microsoft_
5. [WannaCry ransomware attack. A ransomware cyberattack continues to infect computers of private and public organisations around the world, and demand payment in bitcoin. The method used by the program, EternalBlue, was originally developed by the National Security Agency to exploit a vulnerability in Microsoft Windows, and was leaked by The Shadow Brokers in April. ](/news/2017/05/13/wannacry-ransomware-attack-a-ransomware-cyberattack-continues-to-infect-computers-of-private-and-public-organisations-around-the-world-and.md) _Context: Microsoft Windows_
6. [Microsoft acknowledges that a Windows 10 update has stopped millions of webcams from working. ](/news/2016/08/22/microsoft-acknowledges-that-a-windows-10-update-has-stopped-millions-of-webcams-from-working.md) _Context: Microsoft_
7. [Microsoft agrees to buy professional networking site LinkedIn for $26.2 billion (GBP18 billion). ](/news/2016/06/13/microsoft-agrees-to-buy-professional-networking-site-linkedin-for-26-2-billion-agbp18-billion.md) _Context: Microsoft_
8. [Bloomberg News reports Verizon Communications plans a bid for Yahoo Inc.-s Web business, including Yahoo Japan Corp., next week. Google, Time Inc., and private equity funds Bain and TPG are considering bidding for Yahoo-s core business. AT&T Inc., Comcast, and Microsoft Corp. reportedly aren't interested. ](/news/2016/04/7/bloomberg-news-reports-verizon-communications-plans-a-bid-for-yahoo-inc-s-web-business-including-yahoo-japan-corp-next-week-google-t.md) _Context: Microsoft_
9. [The U.S. company Microsoft has sued the United States, alleging that it has been prevented from disclosing warrants to the company-s customers in violation of the company-s constitutional rights. ](/news/2016/04/14/the-u-s-company-microsoft-has-sued-the-united-states-alleging-that-it-has-been-prevented-from-disclosing-warrants-to-the-company-s-custo.md) _Context: Microsoft_
10. [Reuters reports, based on an unnamed "person familiar with the situation," that Microsoft executives are lining up financing for a possible acquisition of troubled dotcom pioneer Yahoo. ](/news/2016/03/26/reuters-reports-based-on-an-unnamed-person-familiar-with-the-situation-that-microsoft-executives-are-lining-up-financing-for-a-possible.md) _Context: Microsoft_
