### [2009-12-17](/news/2009/12/17/index.md)

#  Europe is hit by heavy snowfall leading to disruptions in France, Germany, Poland and Spain. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/8418398.stm)

### Related:

1. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: France, Germany, Polish, Spain_
2. [The Eurozone records its sixth straight quarter of recession with France, Italy and Spain all recording negative growth and Germany growing weakly. ](/news/2013/05/15/the-eurozone-records-its-sixth-straight-quarter-of-recession-with-france-italy-and-spain-all-recording-negative-growth-and-germany-growing.md) _Context: France, Germany, Spain_
3. [ACTA loses further support in Europe as Bulgaria and the Netherlands join Poland and Germany in declining to ratify it due to privacy and human rights concerns. ](/news/2012/02/15/acta-loses-further-support-in-europe-as-bulgaria-and-the-netherlands-join-poland-and-germany-in-declining-to-ratify-it-due-to-privacy-and-hu.md) _Context: Europe, Germany, Polish_
4. [European credit ratings:Fitch Ratings lowers France's rating outlook while maintaining a AAA rating and puts the grades of six nations including Spain and Italy on review due to Europe's failure to find a solution to the debt problem. ](/news/2011/12/16/european-credit-ratings-pfitch-ratings-lowers-france-s-rating-outlook-while-maintaining-a-aaa-rating-and-puts-the-grades-of-six-nations-incl.md) _Context: Europe, France, Spain_
5. [Four European nations (the United Kingdom, France, Germany and Portugal) circulate a draft United Nations Security Council resolution condemning the Government of Syria for its recent crackdown on protesters. ](/news/2011/08/2/four-european-nations-the-united-kingdom-france-germany-and-portugal-circulate-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-condem.md) _Context: Europe, France, Germany_
6. [A final funding deal for the Airbus A400M military transport aircraft has been agreed to by the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Belgium, Luxembourg, Spain and Turkey. ](/news/2010/11/5/a-final-funding-deal-for-the-airbus-a400m-military-transport-aircraft-has-been-agreed-to-by-the-united-kingdom-france-germany-belgium-lu.md) _Context: France, Germany, Spain_
7. [G20 summitLeaders from Germany, France and the United Kingdom hold an emergency meeting at the 2010 G-20 Seoul summit after panic selling of Irish debt spreads to Spain and Portugal. ](/news/2010/11/12/g20-summitpleaders-from-germany-france-and-the-united-kingdom-hold-an-emergency-meeting-at-the-2010-g-20-seoul-summit-after-panic-selling-o.md) _Context: France, Germany, Spain_
8. [Contributions from Belgium, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland allow the World Bank to cancel $36 million in Haiti's remaining debt following January's devastating earthquake. ](/news/2010/05/28/contributions-from-belgium-canada-finland-france-germany-ireland-italy-japan-the-netherlands-norway-spain-sweden-and-switzerland.md) _Context: France, Germany, Spain_
9. ['''Winter of 2009-2010 in Europe'''More than 160 people are trapped in vehicles overnight in Germany, dozens of flights are cancelled, Berlin and Leipzig are buried under 30cm of snow, parts of Schleswig-Holstein remain unreachable. The electricity of 80,000 people is cut off by snow in Poland. Eurostar services are affected in Belgium, Britain and France. ](/news/2010/01/10/winter-of-2009a2010-in-europe-pmore-than-160-people-are-trapped-in-vehicles-overnight-in-germany-dozens-of-flights-are-cancelled-be.md) _Context: France, Germany, Polish_
10. [ Presidency of the European Council: Tony Blair's former chief-of-staff, Jonathan Powell, has been touring European capital cities, including Brussels, Paris and Prague, in an undercover move to make him the first President of the European Council. Blair is supported by French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel. ](/news/2009/10/3/presidency-of-the-european-council-p-tony-blair-s-former-chief-of-staff-jonathan-powell-has-been-touring-european-capital-cities-includi.md) _Context: Europe, France, Germany_
