### [2008-12-4](/news/2008/12/4/index.md)

#  Prime Minister Vladimir Putin says Russia may be forced to cut gas supplies to Ukraine if the latter "does not fulfil the agreements" on payment for gas already consumed. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/7765052.stm)

### Related:

1. [At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that   civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized.  Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol-takes-effect-m.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine, Vladimir Putin_
2. [A Spanish judge issues an arrest warrant for various individuals with links to organized crime from Russia. The list also includes former and current officials of the Russian government with close links to Russian President Vladimir Putin. Prominent officials include former Defense Minister Anatoliy Serdyukov and former Prime Minister Viktor Zubkov. The charges range from money laundering to assassination. ](/news/2016/05/3/a-spanish-judge-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-various-individuals-with-links-to-organized-crime-from-russia-the-list-also-includes-former-an.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Russia, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
3. [Japan imposes additional sanctions on Russia due to the Ukraine conflict and a visit by an aide of the President of Russia Vladimir Putin to a contested island off the coast off northern Japan. ](/news/2014/09/24/japan-imposes-additional-sanctions-on-russia-due-to-the-ukraine-conflict-and-a-visit-by-an-aide-of-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-to.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine, Vladimir Putin_
4. [Analysts of Morgan Stanley predict that Russian President Vladimir Putin would soon block the transit of gas through Ukraine to Europe to retaliate against the world for imposing economic sanctions on Russia. ](/news/2014/07/30/analysts-of-morgan-stanley-predict-that-russian-president-vladimir-putin-would-soon-block-the-transit-of-gas-through-ukraine-to-europe-to-re.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine, Vladimir Putin_
5. [Voters in Russia go to the polls for a presidential election with Prime Minister Vladimir Putin claiming victory despite allegations of voter fraud. ](/news/2012/03/4/voters-in-russia-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-claiming-victory-despite-allegations-of-vote.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Russia, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
6. [Russian President Dmitry Medvedev orders Prime Minister Vladimir Putin to remove his deputies on the boards of state companies by 1 July. ](/news/2011/04/3/russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-orders-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-to-remove-his-deputies-on-the-boards-of-state-companies-by-1-july.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Russia, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
7. [Vladimir Putin, the Prime Minister of Russia, bans export of flour and wheat from August 15 to December 31 due to the worst drought in Russian history. ](/news/2010/08/6/vladimir-putin-the-prime-minister-of-russia-bans-export-of-flour-and-wheat-from-august-15-to-december-31-due-to-the-worst-drought-in-russi.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Russia, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
8. [Russian police detain more than 150 people including prominent opponents of Prime Minister of Russia Vladimir Putin such as former Deputy Prime Minister Boris Nemtsov, following protests in Moscow and Saint Petersburg in support of freedom of assembly. ](/news/2010/08/31/russian-police-detain-more-than-150-people-including-prominent-opponents-of-prime-minister-of-russia-vladimir-putin-such-as-former-deputy-pr.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Russia, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
9. [President Nicolas Sarkozy defends his plans to sell up to four French warships to Russia, despite concerns raised by his Georgian counterpart Mikheil Saakashvili during talks taking place a few days before a visit to Paris of Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2010/06/9/president-nicolas-sarkozy-defends-his-plans-to-sell-up-to-four-french-warships-to-russia-despite-concerns-raised-by-his-georgian-counterpar.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Russia, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
10. [Thousands of Russians demonstrate across the country against the policies of the government of Prime Minister Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2010/03/20/thousands-of-russians-demonstrate-across-the-country-against-the-policies-of-the-government-of-prime-minister-vladimir-putin.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Russia, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
