### [2007-11-5](/news/2007/11/5/index.md)

#  The Netherlands suspends aid to Pakistan following the imposition of emergency rule.date=December 2007 Several demonstrating lawyers protesting outside the Sindh High Court are arrested.date=December 2007 President of the United States George W. Bush calls on the President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf to end the state of emergency and restore civilian rule. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7080273.stm)

### Related:

1. [A Pakistani lawyer throws a shoe at the former President Pervez Musharraf at the Sindh High Court, as Musharraf successfully extends his bail on charges of conspiracy to murder and sacking judges. ](/news/2013/03/29/a-pakistani-lawyer-throws-a-shoe-at-the-former-president-pervez-musharraf-at-the-sindh-high-court-as-musharraf-successfully-extends-his-bai.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, Sindh High Court, president_
2. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: President Pervez Musharraf declares a period of emergency rule amid rising militant violence. ](/news/2007/11/3/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-president-pervez-musharraf-declares-a-period-of-emergency-rule-amid-rising-militant-violence.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, president, states of emergency_
3. [ Pervez Musharraf is sworn in as the President of Pakistan for a second term, this time as a civilian. [http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/11/29/2105577.htm (ABC News Australia)] President George W. Bush welcomes Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf, urges him to lift emergency rule.date=December 2007 Musharraf announces the 2007 Pakistani state of emergency will be lifted on 2007-12-16. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7119416.stm (BBC)] Restrictions on Pakistani TV channels are challenged in the Supreme Court of Pakistan.date=December 2007 ](/news/2007/11/29/pervez-musharraf-is-sworn-in-as-the-president-of-pakistan-for-a-second-term-this-time-as-a-civilian-http-www-abc-net-au-news-stories-2.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Pervez Musharraf, president_
4. [ Pakistani Attorney General Malik Qayyum announces the Supreme Court of Pakistan has dismissed five of the six petitions against President Pervez Musharraf's re-election. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7101302.stm (BBC)] At least 80 people die and 100 are wounded in sectarian violence in Kurram Agency. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7101533.stm (BBC)] Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf rejects United States Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte's demand to lift the state of emergency.date=December 2007](/news/2007/11/19/pakistani-attorney-general-malik-qayyum-announces-the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-has-dismissed-five-of-the-six-petitions-against-president-p.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, president, states of emergency_
5. [ Hina Jilani leads a protest in London to ask for the release of all political prisoners and to vocalize the call for President Pervez Musharraf's resignation. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/7100762.stm (BBC)] United States Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte says President Pervez Musharraf should lift the state of emergency and free political opponents. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7100322.stm (BBC)] One person dies in a bomb explosion on a railway track near Peshawar targeted at a passenger train.date=December 2007](/news/2007/11/18/hina-jilani-leads-a-protest-in-london-to-ask-for-the-release-of-all-political-prisoners-and-to-vocalize-the-call-for-president-pervez-musha.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, president, states of emergency_
6. [ Pakistan Army renews air attacks in the Swat valley targeting extremists positions.date=December 2007 Foreign ministers of the Commonwealth of Nations meet in London to discuss the issue of Pakistan. They demand that President Pervez Musharraf lift the state of emergency, release political prisoners and step down as army chief by November 22, or otherwise the country will be "suspended from the Councils of the Commonwealth." ](/news/2007/11/12/pakistan-army-renews-air-attacks-in-the-swat-valley-targeting-extremists-positions-date-december-2007-foreign-ministers-of-the-commonwealth.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, president, states of emergency_
7. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush declares a state of emergency in Oklahoma following the death of 11 people in a midwinter storm. Twenty-five people have died in the midwestern United States as a result of the storm. ](/news/2007/01/15/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-oklahoma-following-the-death-of-11-people-in-a-midwinter.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, states of emergency_
8. [Two police officials found guilty of negligence and mistreatment of evidence are sentenced to 17 years in prison. Five accused TTP militants are acquitted. The main suspect, former president Pervez Musharraf, who now resides in Dubai, is declared a fugitive for having failed to show up in court and has his property confiscated. ](/news/2017/08/31/two-police-officials-found-guilty-of-negligence-and-mistreatment-of-evidence-are-sentenced-to-17-years-in-prison-five-accused-ttp-militants.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, president_
9. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, president_
10. [President Barack Obama declares a state of emergency across northeastern and central Washington as the amount of burned land in the state reaches nearly a half-million acres. ](/news/2015/08/21/president-barack-obama-declares-a-state-of-emergency-across-northeastern-and-central-washington-as-the-amount-of-burned-land-in-the-state-re.md) _Context: President, states of emergency_
