### [2017-05-29](/news/2017/05/29/index.md)

# Iraq's Popular Mobilization Forces, assisted by Iran, say they cleared ISIL out of several villages north of Ba'aj on the border with Syria. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-iraq-syria-idUSKBN18P1C0?il=0)
1. [Cover Image](//s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi security forces, along with Shi'ite volunteers and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, launch a ground offensive to take the city of Tal Afar back from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. The city has been isolated from the rest of the ISIL-held territory since the recent Mosul liberation. ](/news/2017/08/20/iraqi-security-forces-along-with-shi-ite-volunteers-and-kurdish-peshmerga-fighters-launch-a-ground-offensive-to-take-the-city-of-tal-afar.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State, Shi'ite volunteers_
2. [United States President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Iran, Islamic State, Syria_
3. [The United States Secretary of State John Kerry says ISIL has committed genocide against Christians, Yazidis and Shias in areas it controls in Syria and Iraq. ](/news/2016/03/17/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-says-isil-has-committed-genocide-against-christians-yazidis-and-shias-in-areas-it-controls.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State, Syria_
4. [Iranian state television says Revolutionary Guard brigadier general, Hossein Hamadani, has been killed on the outskirts of Syria's Aleppo by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. This is the latest in a string of high-ranking Iranian commanders killed in Iraq and Syria in the last six months. ](/news/2015/10/9/iranian-state-television-says-revolutionary-guard-brigadier-general-hossein-hamadani-has-been-killed-on-the-outskirts-of-syria-s-aleppo-by.md) _Context: Iran, Islamic State, Syria_
5. [A Russian lieutenant general, Valery Asapov, is killed by mortar fire from ISIL militants near the city of Deir ez-Zor, according to the Russian Defence Ministry. Asapov has been described as one of the senior Russian military advisers in Syria. ](/news/2017/09/24/a-russian-lieutenant-general-valery-asapov-is-killed-by-mortar-fire-from-isil-militants-near-the-city-of-deir-ez-zor-according-to-the-rus.md) _Context: Islamic State, Syria_
6. [Seven people are killed and 13 are injured after suicide bombers hit a state-run power station near the northern city of Samarra, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/09/2/seven-people-are-killed-and-13-are-injured-after-suicide-bombers-hit-a-state-run-power-station-near-the-northern-city-of-samarra-iraq-the.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State_
7. [ISIL militants and their families, estimated to be around 600 people, begin to leave their strongholds on the Lebanon-Syria border and Qalamun Mountains for the Deir ez-Zor Governorate under Syrian military escort. A ceasefire was reached between warring parties yesterday. ](/news/2017/08/28/isil-militants-and-their-families-estimated-to-be-around-600-people-begin-to-leave-their-strongholds-on-the-lebanonasyria-border-and-qal.md) _Context: Islamic State, Syria_
8. [The Iraqi Army announces it is in full control of the Iraqi Turkmen city of Tal Afar in the Nineveh Governorate, after eight days of clashes with ISIL militants inside the city. ](/news/2017/08/27/the-iraqi-army-announces-it-is-in-full-control-of-the-iraqi-turkmen-city-of-tal-afar-in-the-nineveh-governorate-after-eight-days-of-clashes.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Islamic State_
9. [ISIL forces raid an Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps base in vast desert spaces of eastern Homs Governorate, Syria, manned by between 12 to 18 fighters, all but one of which are killed. ](/news/2017/08/11/isil-forces-raid-an-iranian-islamic-revolutionary-guard-corps-base-in-vast-desert-spaces-of-eastern-homs-governorate-syria-manned-by-betwe.md) _Context: Iran, Islamic State_
10. [ Lebanese Armed Forces are attacked by five suicide bombers and other militants during a raid of two Syrian refugee camps in Arsal near the Syrian border. The army reports a girl was killed in one of the suicide attacks, seven soldiers were also wounded, and 350 people, including several ISIL officials, were detained during the sweep. ](/news/2017/06/30/lebanese-armed-forces-are-attacked-by-five-suicide-bombers-and-other-militants-during-a-raid-of-two-syrian-refugee-camps-in-arsal-near-the.md) _Context: Islamic State, Syria_
