### [2017-05-29](/news/2017/05/29/index.md)

# Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn debates with Conservative leader Theresa May. 

Jeremy Corbyn will remain leader of the Labour Party regardless of what happens on June 8, the party&rsquo;s election coordinator has suggested as he claimed &ldquo;it&rsquo;s only the beginning of the Corbyn project&rdquo;.


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/05/29/general-election-2017-jeremy-corbyn-theresa-may-tv-debate-live/)

### Related:

1. [Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-conservatives-battling-in-a-tight-race.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Jeremy Corbyn, Labour, Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
2. [Results of yesterday's snap election are counted, revealing a hung parliament as the Conservative Party fails to retain its parliamentary majority, despite remaining the party with the most seats. Prime Minister Theresa May announced that she will form a minority government with the support of the Northern Irish Democratic Unionist Party. ](/news/2017/06/9/results-of-yesterday-s-snap-election-are-counted-revealing-a-hung-parliament-as-the-conservative-party-fails-to-retain-its-parliamentary-ma.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
3. [Aftermath of the Prime Minister Theresa May's closest advisers, Fiona Hill and Nick Timothy, resign as her Chiefs of Staff amid criticism over their role in the Conservative Party's election campaign. ](/news/2017/06/10/aftermath-of-the-prime-minister-theresa-may-s-closest-advisers-fiona-hill-and-nick-timothy-resign-as-her-chiefs-of-staff-amid-criticism-ov.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
4. [The Communist Party of Britain announces it will not field any candidates in the upcoming general election for the first time since its formation in 1920, and endorses Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, saying victory for Mr Corbyn at the general election in June would be "the first step towards a formation of left-led government at Westminster". ](/news/2017/04/24/the-communist-party-of-britain-announces-it-will-not-field-any-candidates-in-the-upcoming-general-election-for-the-first-time-since-its-form.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn, Labour, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
5. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: Labour, Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
6. [Results from yesterday's elections show significant swings towards the Conservative Party and away from the Labour Party. ](/news/2017/05/5/results-from-yesterday-s-elections-show-significant-swings-towards-the-conservative-party-and-away-from-the-labour-party.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Labour_
7. [Conservative politician Theresa May accuses European Union officials of trying to influence the upcoming elections. ](/news/2017/05/3/conservative-politician-theresa-may-accuses-european-union-officials-of-trying-to-influence-the-upcoming-elections.md) _Context: Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
8. [British Prime Minister Theresa May faces backlash after accusations emerge that the Conservatives allegedly planned on reducing social welfare spending. ](/news/2017/05/22/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-faces-backlash-after-accusations-emerge-that-the-conservatives-allegedly-planned-on-reducing-social-welfa.md) _Context: Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
9. [Conservative leader Theresa May states she will be a "bloody difficult woman" in her negotiations with Jean-Claude Juncker regarding the rights of EU nationals after Brexit. ](/news/2017/05/2/conservative-leader-theresa-may-states-she-will-be-a-bloody-difficult-woman-in-her-negotiations-with-jean-claude-juncker-regarding-the-rig.md) _Context: Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
10. [Jeremy Corbyn, the leader of the opposition Labour Party, positions himself as an "anti-establishment" candidate as he vows to end the "rigged" system. ](/news/2017/04/20/jeremy-corbyn-the-leader-of-the-opposition-labour-party-positions-himself-as-an-anti-establishment-candidate-as-he-vows-to-end-the-rigg.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
