### [2008-06-28](/news/2008/06/28/index.md)

#  Filipino boxer Manny Pacquiao beats the American David Daz to win the WBC world lightweight title. Pacquiao becomes the first Asian boxer to win four titles in four different weight divisions. 




### Source:

1. [Yahoo! Sports](http://sports.yahoo.com/box/news;_ylt=AlhmBxVUhFDZkmIb_utBKX05nYcB?slug=ki-pacman062808&prov=yhoo&type=lgns)

### Related:

1. [Amnesty International releases a report criticizing the rise of populist leaders such as Donald Trump of the United States, Viktor Orban of Hungary, Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. ](/news/2017/02/22/amnesty-international-releases-a-report-criticizing-the-rise-of-populist-leaders-such-as-donald-trump-of-the-united-states-viktor-orba-n-of.md) _Context: Philippine, United States_
2. [United States State Department blocks the sale of firearms to the Philippines due to concerns of human rights violations. ](/news/2016/11/2/united-states-state-department-blocks-the-sale-of-firearms-to-the-philippines-due-to-concerns-of-human-rights-violations.md) _Context: Philippine, United States_
3. [The Philippines Secretary of National Defense Delfin Lorenzana suspends participation in any joint patrols with the United States in the disputed South China Sea. Lorenzana will ask a detachment of 107 U.S. troops providing counterterrorism assistance on the southern island of Mindanao to leave as President Rodrigo Duterte requested. ](/news/2016/10/7/the-philippines-secretary-of-national-defense-delfin-lorenzana-suspends-participation-in-any-joint-patrols-with-the-united-states-in-the-dis.md) _Context: Philippine, United States_
4. [Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte says he plans to cut ties with his country's former colonial ruler, the United States, while strengthening ties with China. ](/news/2016/10/20/philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-plans-to-cut-ties-with-his-country-s-former-colonial-ruler-the-united-states-while-strengthe.md) _Context: Philippine, United States_
5. [The United States and the United Kingdom issue travel alerts for their citizens to avoid the Sulu Archipelago in the  southwestern Philippines where a wave of kidnappings by Abu Sayyaf militants has occurred. ](/news/2016/04/21/the-united-states-and-the-united-kingdom-issue-travel-alerts-for-their-citizens-to-avoid-the-sulu-archipelago-in-the-southwestern-philippin.md) _Context: Philippine, United States_
6. [Admiral John Richardson says the United States has seen Chinese activity around Scarborough Shoal, which China seized from the Philippines nearly four years ago, in the northern part of the Spratly archipelago of the South China Sea. An  international court ruling  on a case brought by the Philippines against China over its South China Sea claims is expected within a month. ](/news/2016/03/17/admiral-john-richardson-says-the-united-states-has-seen-chinese-activity-around-scarborough-shoal-which-china-seized-from-the-philippines-n.md) _Context: Philippine, United States_
7. [United States President Barack Obama hosts a two-day summit in Rancho Mirage, California with leaders of the ASEAN member states, including democratically-elected Benigno Aquino III of the Philippines and Joko Widodo of Indonesia as well as autocratic rulers such as Hun Sen of Cambodia and Najib Razak of Malaysia. ](/news/2016/02/15/united-states-president-barack-obama-hosts-a-two-day-summit-in-rancho-mirage-california-with-leaders-of-the-asean-member-states-including.md) _Context: Philippine, United States_
8. [China completes the construction of two lighthouses on the disputed Spratly Islands in the South China Sea according to Chinese state media. The U.S. and the Philippines have opposed the construction efforts. ](/news/2015/10/10/china-completes-the-construction-of-two-lighthouses-on-the-disputed-spratly-islands-in-the-south-china-sea-according-to-chinese-state-media.md) _Context: Philippine, United States_
9. [Philippines President Benigno Aquino III demands an investigation after a drone purportedly belonging to the United States Navy is found in the Philippine province of Quezon, the second found in the country. ](/news/2015/01/7/philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii-demands-an-investigation-after-a-drone-purportedly-belonging-to-the-united-states-navy-is-found-in.md) _Context: Philippine, United States_
10. [The United States refuses to extradite a United States Marine to the Philippines where he is charged with murder. ](/news/2014/12/18/the-united-states-refuses-to-extradite-a-united-states-marine-to-the-philippines-where-he-is-charged-with-murder.md) _Context: Philippine, United States_
