### [2016-11-13](/news/2016/11/13/index.md)

# A new class action lawsuit, filed on Tuesday in U.S. federal court in Illinois, claims the Volkswagen Group used emission defeat devices in at least six of its Audi V6 gasoline engines. 

A newly filed class action lawsuit accuses Audi of using defeat devices in at least six of its V6 gasoline-engined vehicles. In a complaint filed in federal court in Illinois on behalf of more than ...


### Source:

1. [Auto Week](http://autoweek.com/article/vw-diesel-scandal/lawsuit-audi-used-defeat-devices-several-gas-engined-models)
2. [Industry Week](http://www.industryweek.com/regulations/audi-hit-fresh-emissions-cheating-lawsuit)
3. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Business_News/2016/11/13/New-emissions-scandal-linked-to-Audi-gasoline-models/1591479062166/?spt=hts&or=2)

### Related:

1. [Volkswagen and the United States Justice Department agree on a $14.7 billion settlement for its emissions-cheating program. The breakdown: $10 billion to consumers to cover buybacks and fixes; $2 billion for green energy funds investment; and, $2.7 billion to offset diesel emissions. In addition, VW agrees on a settlement with 44 U.S. states, the District of Columbia, and Puerto Rico that will cost at least $600 million. As for Europe, Volkswagen says its diesel vehicles don't violate European Union emissions standards. ](/news/2016/06/28/volkswagen-and-the-united-states-justice-department-agree-on-a-14-7-billion-settlement-for-its-emissions-cheating-program-the-breakdown.md) _Context: Volkswagen Group, Volkswagen emissions scandal_
2. [Volkswagen and United States officials agree in principle on a deal where the automaker could buy back up to 500,000 diesel cars. ](/news/2016/04/20/volkswagen-and-united-states-officials-agree-in-principle-on-a-deal-where-the-automaker-could-buy-back-up-to-500-000-diesel-cars.md) _Context: Volkswagen Group, Volkswagen emissions scandal_
3. [The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) and California's CARB are widening the Volkswagen investigation into several more expensive VW, Porsche, and Audi automobiles with 3.0-liter diesel engines in model years 2014 through 2016. Volkswagen says it installed no defeat device software on its 3.0 litre V6 diesel cars and is cooperating with the agency to fully investigate the matter. ](/news/2015/11/2/the-u-s-environmental-protection-agency-epa-and-california-s-carb-are-widening-the-volkswagen-investigation-into-several-more-expensive-v.md) _Context: Audi, Volkswagen emissions scandal_
4. [United States federal judge Richard Posner has announced his retirement after three decades of service on the bench of the 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. Appointed by President Ronald Reagan in 1981, Justice Posner has written more than 3,300 opinions from the bench.](/news/2017/09/1/united-states-federal-judge-richard-posner-has-announced-his-retirement-after-three-decades-of-service-on-the-bench-of-the-7th-u-s-circuit.md) _Context: Illinois_
5. [A former Volkswagen executive pleads guilty to defrauding the United States and violating the Clean Air Act. ](/news/2017/08/4/a-former-volkswagen-executive-pleads-guilty-to-defrauding-the-united-states-and-violating-the-clean-air-act.md) _Context: Volkswagen emissions scandal_
6. [Former Volkswagen engineer James Liang is sentenced by U.S. District Court Judge Sean Cox to 40 months in prison and a $200,000 fine for his role in the decade-long scheme to cheat on federal emissions tests for diesel-powered cars sold in the United States. He is the first company employee sent to prison in the scandal. ](/news/2017/08/25/former-volkswagen-engineer-james-liang-is-sentenced-by-u-s-district-court-judge-sean-cox-to-40-months-in-prison-and-a-200-000-fine-for-his.md) _Context: Volkswagen emissions scandal_
7. [Volkswagen agrees to pay its U.S. dealers up to US$1.2 billion to compensate them for their losses resulting from the company's emissions cheating scandal. ](/news/2016/10/1/volkswagen-agrees-to-pay-its-u-s-dealers-up-to-us-1-2-billion-to-compensate-them-for-their-losses-resulting-from-the-company-s-emissions-ch.md) _Context: Volkswagen emissions scandal_
8. [An engineer from Volkswagen pleads guilty for his role in the emissions cheating scandal. ](/news/2016/09/9/an-engineer-from-volkswagen-pleads-guilty-for-his-role-in-the-emissions-cheating-scandal.md) _Context: Volkswagen emissions scandal_
9. [Litigants file a new wave of lawsuits against Volkswagen regarding its emissions scandal. ](/news/2016/09/21/litigants-file-a-new-wave-of-lawsuits-against-volkswagen-regarding-its-emissions-scandal.md) _Context: Volkswagen emissions scandal_
10. [U.S. officials are investigating the hacking of election system databases in Illinois and Arizona. The FBI alerted all election officials nationwide about this issue earlier this month. ](/news/2016/08/29/u-s-officials-are-investigating-the-hacking-of-election-system-databases-in-illinois-and-arizona-the-fbi-alerted-all-election-officials-na.md) _Context: Illinois_
