### [2016-11-13](/news/2016/11/13/index.md)

# A South Korean official says prosecutors will question President Park Geun-hye, no later than Wednesday, about the political corruption scandal. This will be the first time a sitting president is questioned by prosecutors in a criminal case. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-southkorea-politics-probe-idUSKBN138012)

### Related:

1. [Authorities arrest Impeached South Korean President Park Geun-hye on charges of bribery, abuse of authority, coercion, and leaking government secrets. ](/news/2017/03/30/authorities-arrest-impeached-south-korean-president-park-geun-hye-on-charges-of-bribery-abuse-of-authority-coercion-and-leaking-governmen.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean political scandal, Park Geun-hye, South Korea, South Korean President_
2. [A court in South Korea strikes down a request by prosecutors to issue an arrest warrant for Samsung vice chairman Lee Jae-yong, who is accused of bribery and embezzlement, in connection to a corruption scandal involving impeached President Park Geun-hye. ](/news/2017/01/19/a-court-in-south-korea-strikes-down-a-request-by-prosecutors-to-issue-an-arrest-warrant-for-samsung-vice-chairman-lee-jae-yong-who-is-accus.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean political scandal, Park Geun-hye, South Korea, South Korean President_
3. [South Korean prosecutors issue an arrest warrant for Lee Jae-yong, a senior executive in the Samsung Group, in relation to the political scandal that has led to the impeachment of Park Geun-hye, the President of South Korea. ](/news/2017/01/16/south-korean-prosecutors-issue-an-arrest-warrant-for-lee-jae-yong-a-senior-executive-in-the-samsung-group-in-relation-to-the-political-sca.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean political scandal, Park Geun-hye, South Korea, South Korean President_
4. [South Korean prosecutors raid the offices of Samsung Electronics as part of a ongoing probe into President Park Geun-hye's controversial association with Choi Soon-sil. Yonhap News Agency reports prosecutors are investigating whether Samsung improperly provided financial assistance to Choi's daughter, Chung Yoo-ra. ](/news/2016/11/8/south-korean-prosecutors-raid-the-offices-of-samsung-electronics-as-part-of-a-ongoing-probe-into-president-park-geun-hye-s-controversial-ass.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean political scandal, Park Geun-hye, South Korea, South Korean President_
5. [An interim report by South Korean prosecutors implicates President Park Geun-hye in a political scandal involving her close friend Choi Soon-sil. Three people have been indicted in relation to the scandal. President Park cannot be indicted due to a constitutional provision preventing a sitting President being indicted except for treason or insurrection. ](/news/2016/11/20/an-interim-report-by-south-korean-prosecutors-implicates-president-park-geun-hye-in-a-political-scandal-involving-her-close-friend-choi-soon.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean political scandal, Park Geun-hye, South Korea, South Korean President_
6. [As many as 1,000,000 people march on the presidential Blue House in Seoul, South Korea, calling for the resignation of President Park Geun-hye amid an ongoing corruption scandal. It is the largest protest in South Korea since the protests against U.S. beef imports in 2008. ](/news/2016/11/12/as-many-as-1-000-000-people-march-on-the-presidential-blue-house-in-seoul-south-korea-calling-for-the-resignation-of-president-park-geun-h.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean political scandal, Park Geun-hye, South Korea, South Korean President_
7. [South Korea's Constitutional Court upholds the impeachment of President Park Geun-hye, removing her from office. Hwang Kyo-ahn assumes powers as Acting President. ](/news/2017/03/10/south-korea-s-constitutional-court-upholds-the-impeachment-of-president-park-geun-hye-removing-her-from-office-hwang-kyo-ahn-assumes-power.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, South Korea, South Korean President_
8. [South Korean lawmakers impeach President Park Geun-hye by a 234-56 vote. Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn, a staunch defender of Ms. Park, will serve as acting president. South Korea's Constitutional Court has up to 180 days to render a final decision. ](/news/2016/12/9/south-korean-lawmakers-impeach-president-park-geun-hye-by-a-234a56-vote-prime-minister-hwang-kyo-ahn-a-staunch-defender-of-ms-park-wil.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, South Korea, South Korean President_
9. [The South Korean National Assembly begins hearings ahead of an impeachment vote against President Park Geun-Hye. ](/news/2016/12/5/the-south-korean-national-assembly-begins-hearings-ahead-of-an-impeachment-vote-against-president-park-geun-hye.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, South Korea, South Korean President_
10. [Tens of thousands protest in the South Korean capital, Seoul, calling for the resignation of President Park Geun-hye over her links with Choi Soon-sil, who was arrested on November 3, and charged with fraud and abuse of power. ](/news/2016/11/5/tens-of-thousands-protest-in-the-south-korean-capital-seoul-calling-for-the-resignation-of-president-park-geun-hye-over-her-links-with-cho.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, South Korea, South Korean President_
