### [2016-11-13](/news/2016/11/13/index.md)

# Australia and the United States reach a deal to relocate asylum seekers from Nauru and Papua New Guinea's Manus Island to the U.S. 




### Source:

1. [AAP via Yahoo News Australia](https://au.news.yahoo.com/a/33192355/one-off-deal-to-send-refugees-to-us/#page1)

### Related:

1. [Head of Australia's Department of Immigration Mike Pezzullo denies that the detention centre for asylum seekers on Manus Island must be closed. He said there was no crisis that required any closure of the centre despite Papua New Guinea's Supreme Court ruling it to be unconstitutional and ordering the release of the detainees. ](/news/2016/05/6/head-of-australia-s-department-of-immigration-mike-pezzullo-denies-that-the-detention-centre-for-asylum-seekers-on-manus-island-must-be-clos.md) _Context: Australia, Manus Island, Papua New Guinea_
2. [An Iranian asylum seeker self-immolates himself in Nauru to protest Australia's treatment of refugees. The protest coincides with a visit by representatives from the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees to the island. Instead of admitting refugees into the country, Australia has been sending them to Nauru or Papua New Guinea. ](/news/2016/04/27/an-iranian-asylum-seeker-self-immolates-himself-in-nauru-to-protest-australia-s-treatment-of-refugees-the-protest-coincides-with-a-visit-by.md) _Context: Australia, Nauru, Papua New Guinea_
3. [Australia is to send refugees from Nauru and Manus Island to the Philippines. ](/news/2015/10/9/australia-is-to-send-refugees-from-nauru-and-manus-island-to-the-philippines.md) _Context: Australia, Manus Island, Nauru_
4. [ Australia and the United States agree to exchange hundreds of asylum seekers kept in offshore detention camps in Nauru and Guantanamo Bay. ](/news/2007/04/18/australia-and-the-united-states-agree-to-exchange-hundreds-of-asylum-seekers-kept-in-offshore-detention-camps-in-nauru-and-guantanamo-bay.md) _Context: Australia, Nauru, U.S._
5. [Australia agrees to pay AUS$70 million in compensation to 1,905 people who have been detained on Manus Island since 2012, so avoiding a public trial against the government and the Transfield and G4S private companies for the detainees' degrading and cruel treatment. ](/news/2017/06/14/australia-agrees-to-pay-aus-70-million-in-compensation-to-1-905-people-who-have-been-detained-on-manus-island-since-2012-so-avoiding-a-publ.md) _Context: Australia, Manus Island_
6. [Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop says Australia will honor the agreement to accept refugees from Central America even though the U.S. has postponed interviews with asylum seekers in a camp at the Pacific island of Nauru. ](/news/2017/02/4/australian-foreign-minister-julie-bishop-says-australia-will-honor-the-agreement-to-accept-refugees-from-central-america-even-though-the-u-s.md) _Context: Australia-United States relations, Nauru_
7. [A court in Papua New Guinea orders the closure of the facility housing migrants. ](/news/2016/08/3/a-court-in-papua-new-guinea-orders-the-closure-of-the-facility-housing-migrants.md) _Context: Manus Island, Papua New Guinea_
8. [The governments of Papua New Guinea and Australia confirm that the Manus Regional Processing Centre will close following a ruling by the Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea. ](/news/2016/08/17/the-governments-of-papua-new-guinea-and-australia-confirm-that-the-manus-regional-processing-centre-will-close-following-a-ruling-by-the-sup.md) _Context: Australia, Papua New Guinea_
9. [A Somali asylum seeker sets herself alight in Nauru to protest her detention on the island by Australia, one week after an Iranian asylum seeker did the same thing. ](/news/2016/05/2/a-somali-asylum-seeker-sets-herself-alight-in-nauru-to-protest-her-detention-on-the-island-by-australia-one-week-after-an-iranian-asylum-se.md) _Context: Australia, Nauru_
10. [Australian Immigration Minister Peter Dutton says Australia and Papua New Guinea will hold emergency talks next week about asylum seekers Australia has been holding on PNG's Los Negros Island in Manus Province. Tuesday, the Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea ruled this detention is illegal, and ordered the PNG and Australian governments to immediately take steps to end it. An Iranian refugee detainee remains in critical condition after setting himself on fire yesterday to protest  Australia's treatment of refugees while  the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees was visiting the island. ](/news/2016/04/28/australian-immigration-minister-peter-dutton-says-australia-and-papua-new-guinea-will-hold-emergency-talks-next-week-about-asylum-seekers-au.md) _Context: Australia, Papua New Guinea_
