### [2016-11-13](/news/2016/11/13/index.md)

# Bulgarians head to the polls in a presidential runoff between BSP backed Rumen Radev, of the socialist opposition, and Tsetska Tsacheva, Chairwoman of the National Assembly, from incumbent prime-minister Boyko Borisov's conservative GERB. Exit polls by Alpha Research and Gallup International show Radev with about 58 percent of the vote with Tsacheva getting around 35 percent. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-bulgaria-election-exitpoll-idUSKBN1380Q7)
2. [novinite.com](http://www.novinite.com/articles/177385/Turnout+in+Bulgaria's+Runoff+at+13%3A00+Slightly+Higher+Than+in+1st+Round)

### Related:

1. [Bulgarians vote to elect a new Prime Minister after the resignation of Boyko Borissov. Opinion polls predict a close contest between Borissov's centre-right GERB and the Socialist Party. ](/news/2017/03/26/bulgarians-vote-to-elect-a-new-prime-minister-after-the-resignation-of-boyko-borissov-opinion-polls-predict-a-close-contest-between-borisso.md) _Context: GERB, Prime Minister, Socialist Party_
2. [Voters in Bulgaria go to the polls for a presidential election, with exit polls showing no candidate receiving the majority necessary to win outright, and Rumen Radev and Tsetska Tsacheva likely to face one another in a run-off on 13 November. ](/news/2016/11/6/voters-in-bulgaria-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-exit-polls-showing-no-candidate-receiving-the-majority-necessary-to-win.md) _Context: Bulgarian presidential election, 2016, Rumen Radev, Tsetska Tsacheva_
3. [Bulgarian Prime Minister Boyko Borissov resigns as a result of Socialist-backed Rumen Radev winning the presidential election. ](/news/2016/11/14/bulgarian-prime-minister-boyko-borissov-resigns-as-a-result-of-socialist-backed-rumen-radev-winning-the-presidential-election.md) _Context: Bulgarian presidential election, 2016, Rumen Radev, Socialist Party_
4. [Bulgarians vote in a snap election, following the resignation of a Socialist-led government in July; the number of parties in the National Assembly grows from four to eight, and the centre-right GERB becomes the biggest party but falls short of an overall majority. Voter turnout is just about 50%, lower than at any time since the establishment of democratic rule in 1989. ](/news/2014/10/5/bulgarians-vote-in-a-snap-election-following-the-resignation-of-a-socialist-led-government-in-july-the-number-of-parties-in-the-national-a.md) _Context: GERB, Socialist Party_
5. [Voters in Bulgaria go to the polls for a parliamentary election. Boyko Borisov's GERB party wins between 30% and 32% of the votes, closely followed by Sergei Stanishev's resurgent BSP with 26 to 28 percent. No party manages to obtain a majority, while analysts predict a political deadlock amid low voter turnout and economic woes. ](/news/2013/05/12/voters-in-bulgaria-go-to-the-polls-for-a-parliamentary-election-boyko-borisov-s-gerb-party-wins-between-30-and-32-of-the-votes-closely-f.md) _Context: Boyko Borisov, Socialist Party_
6. [2013 Bulgarian protests: Prime Minister of Bulgaria Boyko Borisov says he will resign with all his cabinet due to widespread protests amid a financial crisis. ](/news/2013/02/20/2013-bulgarian-protests-prime-minister-of-bulgaria-boyko-borisov-says-he-will-resign-with-all-his-cabinet-due-to-widespread-protests-amid-a.md) _Context: Boyko Borisov, Prime Minister_
7. [2013 Bulgarian protests: At least 10 people are injured in the Bulgarian capital Sofia, as tens of thousands turn up for rallies in 10 cities, a day after Prime Minister Boyko Borisov sacked his Finance Minister Simeon Djankov. The government revokes the license of Czech company CEZ due to high electricity prices, which helped fuel the 9-day protests. ](/news/2013/02/19/2013-bulgarian-protests-at-least-10-people-are-injured-in-the-bulgarian-capital-sofia-as-tens-of-thousands-turn-up-for-rallies-in-10-citie.md) _Context: Boyko Borisov, Prime Minister_
8. [ The Bulgarian political party Citizens for European Development of Bulgaria, which had only been founded on 2006-12-03 by Sofia mayor Boyko Borisov, instantly comes second in a public poll on party support, trailing only the Bulgarian Socialist Party. ](/news/2007/01/1/the-bulgarian-political-party-citizens-for-european-development-of-bulgaria-which-had-only-been-founded-on-2006-12-03-by-sofia-mayor-boyko.md) _Context: Boyko Borisov, Socialist Party_
9. [Chilean lawmakers have approved a bill that would legalize abortion in limited circumstances and end the socially conservative country's status as the last in South America with a blanket ban on the procedure. ](/news/2017/08/3/chilean-lawmakers-have-approved-a-bill-that-would-legalize-abortion-in-limited-circumstances-and-end-the-socially-conservative-country-s-sta.md) _Context: conservative_
10. [Official results of yesterday's election are released today. An exit poll showed the centre-right GERB winning the most votes. ](/news/2017/03/27/official-results-of-yesterday-s-election-are-released-today-an-exit-poll-showed-the-centre-right-gerb-winning-the-most-votes.md) _Context: GERB_
