### [2016-11-13](/news/2016/11/13/index.md)

# Eight people are killed and 36 are arrested in clashes between the Myanmar Army and what are believed to be Rohingya insurgents in Rakhine State. 

Eight people died and 36 were arrested in clashes between the Myanmar army and what the government believes are Rohingya Muslim militants in northern Rakhine State, state media said on Sunday, in the largest escalation of the month-old conflict yet.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-myanmar-rohingya-idUSKBN13804H?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)

### Related:

1. [The four-day death toll from fighting in Rakhine State stands at 39, including 13 army and police personnel. ](/news/2016/10/12/the-four-day-death-toll-from-fighting-in-rakhine-state-stands-at-39-including-13-army-and-police-personnel.md) _Context: Myanmar Army, Rakhine State, Rohingya insurgency in Western Myanmar_
2. [In a third day of fighting, an attack in Rakhine State kills four Myanmar soldiers. ](/news/2016/10/11/in-a-third-day-of-fighting-an-attack-in-rakhine-state-kills-four-myanmar-soldiers.md) _Context: Myanmar Army, Rakhine State, Rohingya insurgency in Western Myanmar_
3. [Dozens of Rohingya Muslims fleeing renewed violence in Rakhine State are detained by Bangladeshi and Burmese authorities after they attempt to cross the border from Myanmar to Bangladesh. Many were en route to Kutupalong Refugee Camp, a refugee camp in Ukhia, Bangladesh, mostly inhabited by Rohingya refugees. ](/news/2017/08/27/dozens-of-rohingya-muslims-fleeing-renewed-violence-in-rakhine-state-are-detained-by-bangladeshi-and-burmese-authorities-after-they-attempt.md) _Context: Rakhine State, Rohingya insurgency in Western Myanmar_
4. [Government officials in Myanmar report that 12 security personnel (ten policemen, one soldier and one immigration officer) and 59 Rohingya insurgents were killed overnight during coordinated attacks by insurgents on at least 26 police posts and an army base in Rakhine State. ](/news/2017/08/25/government-officials-in-myanmar-report-that-12-security-personnel-ten-policemen-one-soldier-and-one-immigration-officer-and-59-rohingya-i.md) _Context: Rakhine State, Rohingya insurgency in Western Myanmar_
5. [A series of attacks in Rakhine State kill nine police officers and eight militants. ](/news/2016/10/10/a-series-of-attacks-in-rakhine-state-kill-nine-police-officers-and-eight-militants.md) _Context: Rakhine State, Rohingya insurgency in Western Myanmar_
6. [A mob of at least a hundred Rakhine Buddhists in Sittwe, Rakhine State, Myanmar, attack seven Rohingya men from Dapaing Camp for internally displaced persons, killing one and severely injuring another. The Rohingya men were being escorted by police to Sittwe's docks to purchase boats, but were attacked despite armed guards being present. ](/news/2017/07/4/a-mob-of-at-least-a-hundred-rakhine-buddhists-in-sittwe-rakhine-state-myanmar-attack-seven-rohingya-men-from-dapaing-camp-for-internally.md) _Context: Rakhine State_
7. [According to the government of Myanmar, at least 30 people are killed in an attack on various police, military, and government installations by the Myanmar National Democratic Alliance Army in Laukkai. Four police officers were also taken hostage. ](/news/2017/03/6/according-to-the-government-of-myanmar-at-least-30-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-on-various-police-military-and-government-installations.md) _Context: Internal conflict in Myanmar_
8. [According to Myanmar's military, it has ended its "clearance operation" against the country's Rohingya minority in Rakhine State, which the United Nations says may amount to ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity. ](/news/2017/02/16/according-to-myanmar-s-military-it-has-ended-its-clearance-operation-against-the-country-s-rohingya-minority-in-rakhine-state-which-the.md) _Context: Rakhine State_
9. [The Government of Malaysia claims that violence against Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority is "ethnic cleansing" ahead of a march in Kuala Lumpur led by Prime Minister Najib Razak. ](/news/2016/12/3/the-government-of-malaysia-claims-that-violence-against-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-is-ethnic-cleansing-ahead-of-a-march-in-kuala-l.md) _Context: Rohingya insurgency in Western Myanmar_
10. [At least 8 people are killed and more than a dozen others are injured following an attack on Tatmadaw checkpoints, police outposts and the 105th Mile Trade Center by several insurgent groups in Muse, Shan State. The State Counselor's office issues a statement claiming that the Kachin Independence Army, Ta'ang National Liberation Army and Myanmar National Democratic Alliance Army were involved in the attack. ](/news/2016/11/20/at-least-8-people-are-killed-and-more-than-a-dozen-others-are-injured-following-an-attack-on-tatmadaw-checkpoints-police-outposts-and-the-1.md) _Context: Internal conflict in Myanmar_
