### [2016-11-13](/news/2016/11/13/index.md)

# Militants launch projectiles containing toxic gas in an area near Aleppo International Airport, injuring at least 28 people. 

Militants have launched a toxic gas attack near the international airport in the Syrian city of Aleppo, the Lebanon-based TV...


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/fab6efc20da84824b542166ccab34f3d/violence-northern-syria-kills-12)
2. [South Front](https://southfront.org/militants-used-toxic-gas-near-aleppo-airport-report/)

### Related:

1. [Syrian civil war:Rebels clash with the Syrian military at an army base protecting Aleppo's international airport. The opposition claims that 40 Syrian soldiers were killed in the fighting, as large parts of the base are overrun. ](/news/2013/02/13/syrian-civil-war-prebels-clash-with-the-syrian-military-at-an-army-base-protecting-aleppo-s-international-airport-the-opposition-claims-tha.md) _Context: Aleppo International Airport, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian civil war:Fierce clashes erupt near the Aleppo International Airport in the battle of Aleppo in Syria, with unconfirmed reports it has been temporarily closed. ](/news/2013/01/1/syrian-civil-war-pfierce-clashes-erupt-near-the-aleppo-international-airport-in-the-battle-of-aleppo-in-syria-with-unconfirmed-reports-it-h.md) _Context: Aleppo International Airport, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian civil war:Syrian opposition forces claim to have advanced close to the Aleppo International Airport in the course of the ongoing Battle of Aleppo. The Syrian state media claim the attacks were repulsed. Heavy fighting is ongoing in Aleppo and Damascus. ](/news/2012/08/18/syrian-civil-war-psyrian-opposition-forces-claim-to-have-advanced-close-to-the-aleppo-international-airport-in-the-course-of-the-ongoing-bat.md) _Context: Aleppo International Airport, Syrian Civil War_
4. [ Russia, Iran  and Turkey reach an agreement, effective this midnight, to establish four "safe zones" in Syria over which all military aircraft, including Turkish, Russian, and American aircraft, will be barred from flying.  ](/news/2017/05/5/russia-iran-and-turkey-reach-an-agreement-effective-this-midnight-to-establish-four-safe-zones-in-syria-over-which-all-military-aircr.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
5. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
6. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
7. [United States aircraft bomb a convoy belonging to the Syrian pro-government militia within a so-called "deconfliction zone" around Al-Tanf. ](/news/2017/05/18/united-states-aircraft-bomb-a-convoy-belonging-to-the-syrian-pro-government-militia-within-a-so-called-deconfliction-zone-around-al-tanf.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
8. [Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated.  Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterday-the-united-sta.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
9. [The United States launches 60  Tomahawk cruise missiles aimed at the Ash Sha'irat air base in Homs Governorate in response to the Syrian government's alleged use of chemical weapons in its attack on the town of Khan Shaykhun. The Government of Syria claims the attack killed six soldiers and nine civilians, including four children. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-united-states-launches-60-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-aimed-at-the-ash-sha-irat-air-base-in-homs-governorate-in-response-to-the-syrian-gov.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
10. [A toxic gas attack, allegedly by Syrian warplanes, kills at least 83 and injures many more in rebel-held Khan Shaykhun, Idlib. ](/news/2017/04/4/a-toxic-gas-attack-allegedly-by-syrian-warplanes-kills-at-least-83-and-injures-many-more-in-rebel-held-khan-shaykhun-idlib.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
