### [2016-11-13](/news/2016/11/13/index.md)

# Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte threatens to suspend the country's habeas corpus "if forced to" by what he says the worsening lawlessness in the country. He mentioned in the same speech, the alleged widespread illegal drug trade in the country, the rebellion in Mindanao, and the worsening campaign against the militant Maute group. 




### Source:

1. [Philippine Daily Inquirer](http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/843695/duterte-warns-of-suspension-of-habeas-corpus-writ)

### Related:

1. [President Rodrigo Duterte declares martial law in the island of Mindanao after Maute militants clash with army troops in Marawi, Lanao del Sur. ](/news/2017/05/23/president-rodrigo-duterte-declares-martial-law-in-the-island-of-mindanao-after-maute-militants-clash-with-army-troops-in-marawi-lanao-del-s.md) _Context: Maute, Rodrigo Duterte_
2. [A Philippine court orders the arrest of Duterte critic and Liberal senator Leila de Lima. She later voluntarily turned herself in the next day ](/news/2017/02/23/a-philippine-court-orders-the-arrest-of-duterte-critic-and-liberal-senator-leila-de-lima-she-later-voluntarily-turned-herself-in-the-next-d.md) _Context: Philippine, Rodrigo Duterte_
3. [Filipino senator Leila de Lima files a lawsuit against Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte in the country's  Supreme Court seeking to stop the president from gathering, and making public, information about her private life. ](/news/2016/11/7/filipino-senator-leila-de-lima-files-a-lawsuit-against-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-in-the-country-s-supreme-court-seeking-to-stop.md) _Context: Philippine, Rodrigo Duterte_
4. [Muslim rebel group Moro National Liberation Front leader Nur Misuari meets with Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte in Malacanang Palace after receiving a reprieve from previous crimes of rebellion. ](/news/2016/11/3/muslim-rebel-group-moro-national-liberation-front-leader-nur-misuari-meets-with-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-in-malacaa-ang-palace.md) _Context: Moro conflict, Rodrigo Duterte_
5. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-united-states-refuses-to-sell-some-weapons.md) _Context: Philippine, Rodrigo Duterte_
6. [An explosion at a night market in Davao City, Philippines, kills at least 14 people and injures 60. President of the Philippines and former Davao City mayor Rodrigo Duterte was in the city at the time. Abu Sayyaf have claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/09/2/an-explosion-at-a-night-market-in-davao-city-philippines-kills-at-least-14-people-and-injures-60-president-of-the-philippines-and-former.md) _Context: Moro conflict, Rodrigo Duterte_
7. [In response to criticism of his government's extrajudicial killings of 1,800 people since July, Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte says that U.S. forces advising the Armed Forces of the Philippines against an Islamic insurgency in Mindanao are doing more harm than good and must leave the country, saying, "I do not want a rift with America, but they have to go," during a speech in Manila. ](/news/2016/09/12/in-response-to-criticism-of-his-government-s-extrajudicial-killings-of-1-800-people-since-july-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-th.md) _Context: Moro conflict, Rodrigo Duterte_
8. [In last week's meeting between Indonesian president Joko Widodo and Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte, Widodo today says that Duterte allegedly said that he '(would) not interfere' in the execution of accused drug smuggler and Philippine national Mary Jane Veloso. However, today a ''Manila Bulletin'' article says that Manny Pinol, the Philippines Agriculture Secretary, states that Duterte actually asked for clemency for Veloso. ](/news/2016/09/12/in-last-week-s-meeting-between-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-and-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-widodo-today-says-that-duterte-all.md) _Context: Philippine, Rodrigo Duterte_
9. [The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant urges its supporters in Indonesia and Malaysia to go to the Philippines and fight against newly-elected president Rodrigo Duterte. ](/news/2016/06/25/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-urges-its-supporters-in-indonesia-and-malaysia-to-go-to-the-philippines-and-fight-against-newly-ele.md) _Context: Moro conflict, Rodrigo Duterte_
10. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte tells soldiers fighting in Mindanao, where he proclaimed martial law earlier this week, that he will accept responsibility for abuses they commit, and jokes that "[i]f you had raped three, I will admit it, that's on me." ](/news/2017/05/27/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-tells-soldiers-fighting-in-mindanao-where-he-proclaimed-martial-law-earlier-this-week-that-he.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
