### [2016-11-13](/news/2016/11/13/index.md)

# Voters in Moldova head to the polls in the country's presidential runoff between two opposition candidates, Igor Dodon, from the pro-Russian socialist PSRM, and Maia Sandu, from the pro-EU liberal PAS, with Dodon expected to win. Preliminary results, in this first Moldovan election where the president is chosen by national votes rather than by parliament, will be announced Monday. 

Your trusted source for breaking news, analysis, exclusive interviews, headlines, and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [ABCNEWS](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/pro-russia-candidate-favorite-moldova-presidential-runoff-43501034)
2. [Voice of America](http://www.voanews.com/a/moldova-election-results/3594270.html)

### Related:

1. [Igor Dodon, of the Socialists' Party, wins Sunday's Moldovan presidential election run-off with 52.2 percent of the vote, besting former Education Minister  Maia Sandu of the Action and Security Party. Sandu has not yet accepted these preliminary results because of voting irregularities which she will present to the Central Election Commission for review. ](/news/2016/11/14/igor-dodon-of-the-socialistsa-party-wins-sunday-s-moldovan-presidential-election-run-off-with-52-2-percent-of-the-vote-besting-former-e.md) _Context: Action and Security Party, Igor Dodon, Maia Sandu, Moldovan presidential election, Socialists’ Party_
2. [Voters in Moldova go to the polls for a presidential election. A run off election will be held on November 13 between Igor Dodon and Maia Sandu after no candidate achieved a majority of votes. ](/news/2016/10/30/voters-in-moldova-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-a-run-off-election-will-be-held-on-november-13-between-igor-dodon-and-maia-sa.md) _Context: Igor Dodon, Maia Sandu, Moldova, Moldovan presidential election_
3. [The Parliament of Moldova announces that the country will hold a Presidential election on October 30. A court in early March ruled in favor of having a direct national election to choose a president rather than a vote in parliament, a concession to protesters who have been demonstrating for months against the political elite. This will be the first time since 2001 that the public will choose their country's president directly. ](/news/2016/04/1/the-parliament-of-moldova-announces-that-the-country-will-hold-a-presidential-election-on-october-30-a-court-in-early-march-ruled-in-favor.md) _Context: Moldova, Moldovan presidential election_
4. [Moldovan President Igor Dodon, during his first state visit to Russia, says Moldova could scrap the 2014 Moldova-European Union Association Agreement after the country's next parliamentary election. ](/news/2017/01/17/moldovan-president-igor-dodon-during-his-first-state-visit-to-russia-says-moldova-could-scrap-the-2014-moldovaaeuropean-union-associatio.md) _Context: Igor Dodon_
5. [Romania's centre-left Social Democratic Party won 45% of the seats in both houses of parliament  in Sunday's election, and with the expected participation of the liberal centre-right Alliance of Liberals and Democrats Party in the coalition government, will hold an outright majority of 250 seats in the 465-seat assembly. ](/news/2016/12/15/romania-s-centre-left-social-democratic-party-won-45-of-the-seats-in-both-houses-of-parliament-in-sunday-s-election-and-with-the-expected.md) _Context: liberal_
6. [Bulgarians head to the polls in a presidential runoff between BSP backed Rumen Radev, of the socialist opposition, and Tsetska Tsacheva, Chairwoman of the National Assembly, from incumbent prime-minister Boyko Borisov's conservative GERB. Exit polls by Alpha Research and Gallup International show Radev with about 58 percent of the  vote with Tsacheva getting around 35 percent. ](/news/2016/11/13/bulgarians-head-to-the-polls-in-a-presidential-runoff-between-bsp-backed-rumen-radev-of-the-socialist-opposition-and-tsetska-tsacheva-cha.md) _Context: socialist_
7. [A Romanian medical helicopter crashes near Cahul, Moldova, killing four people. ](/news/2016/06/2/a-romanian-medical-helicopter-crashes-near-cahul-moldova-killing-four-people.md) _Context: Moldova_
8. [About 200 U.S. troops arrive in Moldova from Romania for planned military exercises with the Moldovan military which will last until May 20. ](/news/2016/05/2/about-200-u-s-troops-arrive-in-moldova-from-romania-for-planned-military-exercises-with-the-moldovan-military-which-will-last-until-may-20.md) _Context: Moldova_
9. [Protests continue in Moldova as thousands of anti-government protesters demonstrate in the capital Chisinau despite concessions given to the protesters last month by the government. ](/news/2016/04/24/protests-continue-in-moldova-as-thousands-of-anti-government-protesters-demonstrate-in-the-capital-chieinau-despite-concessions-given-to-t.md) _Context: Moldova_
10. [Thousands of people rally in the streets of Chisinau, the capital of Moldova, demanding reunification with Romania. The rally is meant to mark the 98th anniversary since the former Romanian province of Bessarabia was unified with the Kingdom of Romania on March 27, 1918. The protesters say unification with Romania is the way for corruption-ridden Moldova to move forward and join the European Union. ](/news/2016/03/27/thousands-of-people-rally-in-the-streets-of-chieinau-the-capital-of-moldova-demanding-reunification-with-romania-the-rally-is-meant-to.md) _Context: Moldova_
