### [2011-09-2](/news/2011/09/2/index.md)

# The Prime Minister of Japan Yoshihiko Noda announces his new Cabinet with Jun Azumi as Minister of Finance and Koichiro Genba as Minister for Foreign Affairs. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5hcejYODHdlKABSIGp-NY0MavDAVg?docId=CNG.756bc07be4ef23a7b6689afbd24756ee.301)

### Related:

1. [The ruling Democratic Party of Japan selects a replacement for Naoto Kan as party leader and Prime Minister of Japan with current Minister of Finance Yoshihiko Noda winning the ballot. ](/news/2011/08/29/the-ruling-democratic-party-of-japan-selects-a-replacement-for-naoto-kan-as-party-leader-and-prime-minister-of-japan-with-current-minister-o.md) _Context: Minister of Finance, Prime Minister of Japan, Yoshihiko Noda_
2. [Politics of Japan: Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe appoints Taro Kono as Foreign Minister. ](/news/2017/08/3/politics-of-japan-prime-minister-of-japan-shinza-abe-appoints-tara-kano-as-foreign-minister.md) _Context: Foreign Minister, Prime Minister of Japan_
3. [Japan-South Korea relations: South Korea announces that Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se will meet with Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida in Seoul Monday to work toward a final settlement concerning sex slavery during World War II. "The Nikkei" reports that Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe plans to create a new government-backed fund, containing over 100 million yen (US$831,200/GBP556,600) to help former South Korean "comfort women," and is also considering making an apology for the wartime sexual enslavement. ](/news/2015/12/25/japan-south-korea-relations-south-korea-announces-that-foreign-minister-yun-byung-se-will-meet-with-japanese-foreign-minister-fumio-kishi.md) _Context: Foreign Minister, Prime Minister of Japan_
4. [Japanese police rescue four hostages from a Toyokawa Shinkin bank and arrest the knife-wielding man who had held them captive for more than 12 hours while demanding that Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda resign. ](/news/2012/11/22/japanese-police-rescue-four-hostages-from-a-toyokawa-shinkin-bank-and-arrest-the-knife-wielding-man-who-had-held-them-captive-for-more-than.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Yoshihiko Noda_
5. [Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda announces he will dissolve the House of Representatives of the Diet on Friday after the ruling DPJ government and opposition LDP come to an agreement regarding a reduction of seats in the House. A general election is scheduled for December 16. ](/news/2012/11/14/japanese-prime-minister-yoshihiko-noda-announces-he-will-dissolve-the-house-of-representatives-of-the-diet-on-friday-after-the-ruling-dpj-go.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Yoshihiko Noda_
6. [Senkaku Islands dispute:: Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda meets with UN General Secretary Ban Ki-moon, explaining to him that the islands are "Japan's inherent territory" and that "there is no territorial dispute as such". ](/news/2012/09/27/senkaku-islands-dispute-japanese-prime-minister-yoshihiko-noda-meets-with-un-general-secretary-ban-ki-moon-explaining-to-him-that-the-isl.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Yoshihiko Noda_
7. [Senkaku Islands dispute:: Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda addresses the UNGA by stating that Japan is committed to a "peaceful solution" to its territorial disputes, but that it intends to "fulfill its responsibility" to protecting its sovereignty. ](/news/2012/09/26/senkaku-islands-dispute-prime-minister-yoshihiko-noda-addresses-the-unga-by-stating-that-japan-is-committed-to-a-peaceful-solution-to-it.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Yoshihiko Noda_
8. [Jun Azumi, the Minister of Finance of Japan, says he is to step down and take on a senior function as the acting secretary-general of the Democratic Party of Japan. His announcement comes ahead of an expected cabinet reshuffle. ](/news/2012/09/24/jun-azumi-the-minister-of-finance-of-japan-says-he-is-to-step-down-and-take-on-a-senior-function-as-the-acting-secretary-general-of-the-de.md) _Context: Jun Azumi, Minister of Finance_
9. [The Prime Minister of Japan, Yoshihiko Noda, wins a leadership ballot held by the Democratic Party of Japan. ](/news/2012/09/21/the-prime-minister-of-japan-yoshihiko-noda-wins-a-leadership-ballot-held-by-the-democratic-party-of-japan.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Yoshihiko Noda_
10. [Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda announces that the ruling Democratic Party of Japan has reached an agreement with the opposition Liberal Democratic and New Komeito parties to pass a bill that will raise Japan's consumption tax rate. This will "shortly" be followed by dissolution of the Diet and a snap election, although no timetable has been set. ](/news/2012/08/8/japanese-prime-minister-yoshihiko-noda-announces-that-the-ruling-democratic-party-of-japan-has-reached-an-agreement-with-the-opposition-libe.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Yoshihiko Noda_
