### [2017-04-17](/news/2017/04/17/index.md)

# A United States Army UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter crashes on a golf course in Leonardtown, Maryland. At least one crew member is injured and taken to hospital. 

One crew member was killed and two others were injured Monday when a military helicopter crashed on a southern Maryland golf course.


### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/us/2017/04/17/black-hawk-helicopter-crashes-on-maryland-golf-course.html)

### Related:

1. [A United States Army Combat Aviation Brigade UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter crashes off the coast of Hawaii, with five people on board. A United States Coast Guard-led search for the missing is underway. ](/news/2017/08/16/a-united-states-army-combat-aviation-brigade-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-crashes-off-the-coast-of-hawaii-with-five-people-on-board-a-unite.md) _Context: U.S. soldiers, UH-60 Black Hawk_
2. [Sweden starts its largest military exercise in over 20 years. Nearly 20,000 troops are set to participate, including a contingent of over 1,000 U.S. soldiers. The drills will take place on and around the island of Gotland, including soldiers from NATO countries. ](/news/2017/09/11/sweden-starts-its-largest-military-exercise-in-over-20-years-nearly-20-000-troops-are-set-to-participate-including-a-contingent-of-over-1.md) _Context: U.S. soldiers_
3. [An American UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter on a training mission crashes off the coast of Yemen with six aboard, five of whom have been rescued. The search continues for the other U.S. service member. ](/news/2017/08/25/an-american-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-on-a-training-mission-crashes-off-the-coast-of-yemen-with-six-aboard-five-of-whom-have-been-rescued.md) _Context: UH-60 Black Hawk_
4. [Jordanian authorities release a video of a Jordanian Air Force sergeant shooting United States soldiers. ](/news/2017/07/25/jordanian-authorities-release-a-video-of-a-jordanian-air-force-sergeant-shooting-united-states-soldiers.md) _Context: U.S. soldiers_
5. [United States Army soldier Chelsea Manning is released from prison after serving seven years. Manning was sentenced by a U.S. military court to 35 years in prison, but her sentence was commuted by President Barack Obama. ](/news/2017/05/17/united-states-army-soldier-chelsea-manning-is-released-from-prison-after-serving-seven-years-manning-was-sentenced-by-a-u-s-military-court.md) _Context: U.S. soldiers_
6. [Twelve Saudi Arabian military officers die after their Sikorsky UH-60 Black Hawk crashes in Yemen's Ma'rib Governorate. ](/news/2017/04/18/twelve-saudi-arabian-military-officers-die-after-their-sikorsky-uh-60-black-hawk-crashes-in-yemen-s-ma-rib-governorate.md) _Context: UH-60 Black Hawk_
7. [President Donald Trump names United States Army Lt. General H. R. McMaster as National Security Advisor and says that U.S. Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg, who has been the acting NSA, will remain as the NSC's Chief of Staff. ](/news/2017/02/20/president-donald-trump-names-united-states-army-lt-general-h-r-mcmaster-as-national-security-advisor-and-says-that-u-s-lt-gen-keith-ke.md) _Context: U.S. soldiers_
8. [Michael T. Flynn resigns as National Security Advisor following controversy over his alleged contacts with Russian officials. Retired United States Army general Keith Kellogg subsequently becomes acting National Security Advisor until a permanent replacement is appointed. ](/news/2017/02/13/michael-t-flynn-resigns-as-national-security-advisor-following-controversy-over-his-alleged-contacts-with-russian-officials-retired-united.md) _Context: U.S. soldiers_
9. [A Defense Department audit reveals that the United States Army had manipulated its finances, making $6.5 trillion of improper accounting adjustments in order to balance the books in 2015. ](/news/2016/08/19/a-defense-department-audit-reveals-that-the-united-states-army-had-manipulated-its-finances-making-6-5-trillion-of-improper-accounting-adj.md) _Context: U.S. soldiers_
10. [The 2016 Republican National Convention gets underway in Cleveland, Ohio. With the day's theme being national and local security, notable speakers include reality television star Willie Robertson, actor Scott Baio, former Governor of Texas Rick Perry, former Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani, Milwaukee County sheriff David Clarke, retired United States Army lieutenant general Michael T. Flynn and Melania Trump, wife of presumptive Republican nominee for President of the United States Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-2016-republican-national-convention-gets-underway-in-cleveland-ohio-with-the-day-s-theme-being-national-and-local-security-notable-sp.md) _Context: U.S. soldiers_
