### [2017-04-17](/news/2017/04/17/index.md)

# North Korean Vice Foreign Minister Han Song-ryol threatens to test missiles on a "weekly" basis, as United States Vice President Mike Pence warns the DPRK that the United States' "era of strategic patience" with the country was over. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-39623882)

### Related:

1. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. The U.S. Pacific Command and South Korea's Joint Chiefs of Staff report that a North Korean missile, tested near the city of Sinpo on the country's east coast, blew up almost immediately after the launch, just hours before U.S. Vice President Mike Pence was due in South Korea for talks about the North's arms program. ](/news/2017/04/16/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-the-u-s-pacific-command-and-south-korea-s-joint-chiefs-of-staff-report-that-a-north-korean-mis.md) _Context: Mike Pence, North Korea_
2. [2013 Korean crisis:. North Korea issues an "ultimatum" to South Korea, demanding blanket apologies and an immediate cessation of anti-DPRK activities. Some protesters in Seoul were noted burning portraits of North Korean leaders on Monday, while North Korea celebrated the birthday of the late Kim Il-sung. The new threat comes amid what is otherwise perceived as an easing of tensions on the Korean Peninsula. North Korean authorities say that an attack may occur without warning at any moment. ](/news/2013/04/16/2013-korean-crisis-north-korea-issues-an-ultimatum-to-south-korea-demanding-blanket-apologies-and-an-immediate-cessation-of-anti-dprk-a.md) _Context: DPRK, North Korea_
3. [Crime in North Korea. North Korea releases imprisoned Canadian pastor Hyeon Soo Lim on "sick bail." ](/news/2017/08/9/crime-in-north-korea-north-korea-releases-imprisoned-canadian-pastor-hyeon-soo-lim-on-sick-bail.md) _Context: North Korea_
4. [North Korea and the United Nations. The United Nations Security Council votes 15-0 to impose sanctions on North Korea for its intercontinental ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2017/08/5/north-korea-and-the-united-nations-the-united-nations-security-council-votes-15-0-to-impose-sanctions-on-north-korea-for-its-intercontine.md) _Context: North Korea_
5. [North Korea-United States relations. In a video interview posted on the state-run website Uriminzokkiri, the two sons of James Joseph Dresnok (the last remaining American defector to North Korea) have confirmed that their father has died of a stroke last November 2016. ](/news/2017/08/21/north-korea-united-states-relations-in-a-video-interview-posted-on-the-state-run-website-uriminzokkiri-the-two-sons-of-james-joseph-dres.md) _Context: North Korea_
6. [2017 North Korea crisis. The International Institute for Strategic Studies releases a report arguing that North Korea has acquired a high-performance liquid-propellant engine for its missile program, probably from illicit networks in Russia and Ukraine, likely produced by Yuzhmash facilities. Ukraine denies the allegations. ](/news/2017/08/14/2017-north-korea-crisis-the-international-institute-for-strategic-studies-releases-a-report-arguing-that-north-korea-has-acquired-a-high-pe.md) _Context: North Korea_
7. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-9.md) _Context: North Korea_
8. [United States sanctions. Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/united-states-sanctions-negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea.md) _Context: North Korea_
9. [North Korea-United States relations. The U.S. State Department announces that it will ban travel to North Korea, following the death of Otto Warmbier. ](/news/2017/07/21/north-korea-united-states-relations-the-u-s-state-department-announces-that-it-will-ban-travel-to-north-korea-following-the-death-of-ot.md) _Context: North Korea_
10. [2017 North Korean missile tests. North Korea test fires several missiles, believed to be anti-ship weapons. The test comes immediately after South Korea suspends further deployment of the THAAD anti-missile system. ](/news/2017/06/8/2017-north-korean-missile-tests-north-korea-test-fires-several-missiles-believed-to-be-anti-ship-weapons-the-test-comes-immediately-after.md) _Context: North Korea_
