### [2005-11-9](/news/2005/11/9/index.md)

#  2005 Amman bombings: Three coordinated attacks on the Grand Hyatt Hotel, Radisson SAS Hotel, and Days Inn in the Jordanian capital of Amman kill at least 57 people and injure 115 others, mostly Westerners. Abu Musab al-Zarqawi later claims responsibility. 




### Related:

1. [ Jordan is to indict Abu Musab al-Zarqawi for bombings that killed over 60 people. ](/news/2006/03/14/jordan-is-to-indict-abu-musab-al-zarqawi-for-bombings-that-killed-over-60-people.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Jordan_
2. [ 2005 Amman bombings: Following coordinated bombings in Amman on November 9, Jordanian police arrest a woman said to be the wife of a suicide attacker. ](/news/2005/11/13/2005-amman-bombings-following-coordinated-bombings-in-amman-on-november-9-jordanian-police-arrest-a-woman-said-to-be-the-wife-of-a-suicid.md) _Context: 2005 Amman bombings, Jordan_
3. [ The "pre-election offensive" against the Iraqi resistance continues in the rebel-held city of Fallujah, with air-strikes killing at least 16, including women and children. Joint U.S.-Iraqi forces say that they are targeting Jordanian militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, who is linked to al-Qaeda. The U.S. military says it is investigating an incident that occurred September 12 in Baghdad in which five people, including an ''al-Arabiya'' journalist broadcasting live, were killed in a helicopter attack. ](/news/2004/09/13/the-pre-election-offensive-against-the-iraqi-resistance-continues-in-the-rebel-held-city-of-fallujah-with-air-strikes-killing-at-least-1.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Jordan_
4. [The first synchrotron in the Middle East, SESAME, opens in Jordan, marking rare cooperation between Iran, Israel, Turkey, and the Palestinian Authority.  ](/news/2017/05/16/the-first-synchrotron-in-the-middle-east-sesame-opens-in-jordan-marking-rare-cooperation-between-iran-israel-turkey-and-the-palestinia.md) _Context: Jordan_
5. [Jordan says the country executed 15 people today, including 10 who were convicted on terrorism charges with others related to incidents that go back as far as 2003. Amnesty International protests the executions which were carried out in "secrecy and without transparency." Jordan restored the death sentence by hanging in 2014. ](/news/2017/03/4/jordan-says-the-country-executed-15-people-today-including-10-who-were-convicted-on-terrorism-charges-with-others-related-to-incidents-that.md) _Context: Jordan_
6. [Ahmad Daqamseh, the Jordanian soldier who shot seven Israeli schoolchildren on March 13, 1997, is released from prison in Jordan. ](/news/2017/03/12/ahmad-daqamseh-the-jordanian-soldier-who-shot-seven-israeli-schoolchildren-on-march-13-1997-is-released-from-prison-in-jordan.md) _Context: Jordan_
7. [A car bomb attack occurs in the Rakban refugee camp near the Jordanian border. Casualty counts are currently unknown and no one has yet taken credit for the attack. ](/news/2017/01/21/a-car-bomb-attack-occurs-in-the-rakban-refugee-camp-near-the-jordanian-border-casualty-counts-are-currently-unknown-and-no-one-has-yet-take.md) _Context: Jordan_
8. [Four police officers and one suspect have been killed following a raid on an apartment near Al-Karak in Jordan. Two more suspects have been arrested under suspicions of connections with Sunday's attack in the city by the Islamic State. ](/news/2016/12/20/four-police-officers-and-one-suspect-have-been-killed-following-a-raid-on-an-apartment-near-al-karak-in-jordan-two-more-suspects-have-been.md) _Context: Jordan_
9. [Unknown militants stage a number of attacks across the city of Al-Karak in Jordan, killing five people and injuring at least 10 others. ](/news/2016/12/18/unknown-militants-stage-a-number-of-attacks-across-the-city-of-al-karak-in-jordan-killing-five-people-and-injuring-at-least-10-others.md) _Context: Jordan_
10. [The U.S. State Department orders  family members of employees at the U.S. Consulate General in Istanbul to leave as extremist groups threaten to kill or kidnap U.S. citizens and Westerners. ](/news/2016/10/29/the-u-s-state-department-orders-family-members-of-employees-at-the-u-s-consulate-general-in-istanbul-to-leave-as-extremist-groups-threate.md) _Context: Westerners_
