### [2005-11-9](/news/2005/11/9/index.md)

#  A gun battle between the Indonesian police and militants in East Java kills seven militants, including suspected Bali bombings mastermind Azahari Husin who is believed to have blown himself up. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.co.uk/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=worldNews&storyID=2005-11-09T130538Z_01_HO947092_RTRUKOC_0_UK-SECURITY-INDONESIA-BLASTS.xml)
2. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.co.uk/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=worldNews&storyID=2005-11-09T194658Z_01_WRI957901_RTRUKOC_0_UK-SECURITY-INDONESIA-AZAHARI.xml)

### Related:

1. [Five people, including an 18-month-old baby,  are missing from an Indonesian ferryboat traveling from Bali to East Java that sank in the Bali Strait; 76 people have been rescued. ](/news/2016/03/4/five-people-including-an-18-month-old-baby-are-missing-from-an-indonesian-ferryboat-traveling-from-bali-to-east-java-that-sank-in-the-bal.md) _Context: East Java, Indonesia_
2. [A stampede on a docked ferry in Indonesia's East Java province results in eight deaths and dozens more injured. ](/news/2011/09/28/a-stampede-on-a-docked-ferry-in-indonesia-s-east-java-province-results-in-eight-deaths-and-dozens-more-injured.md) _Context: East Java, Indonesia_
3. [A landslide kills 10 people in Indonesia's East Java province. ](/news/2011/04/18/a-landslide-kills-10-people-in-indonesia-s-east-java-province.md) _Context: East Java, Indonesia_
4. [Six people are killed in a train derailment in East Java, Indonesia. ](/news/2010/06/29/six-people-are-killed-in-a-train-derailment-in-east-java-indonesia.md) _Context: East Java, Indonesia_
5. [ An explosion in Pasuruan in the East Java province of Indonesia causes three deaths and another three injuries. ](/news/2007/08/11/an-explosion-in-pasuruan-in-the-east-java-province-of-indonesia-causes-three-deaths-and-another-three-injuries.md) _Context: East Java, Indonesia_
6. [ An oil well explosion at the Pertamina-PetroChina oil refinery complex at Bojonegoro in East Java province of Indonesia leads to 150 people being treated at hospital and 6,000 people fleeing nearby villages. At this stage, there is no news of casualties. ](/news/2006/07/29/an-oil-well-explosion-at-the-pertamina-petrochina-oil-refinery-complex-at-bojonegoro-in-east-java-province-of-indonesia-leads-to-150-people.md) _Context: East Java, Indonesia_
7. [ Severe storms affected East Java, Indonesia, leading to flooding and landslides. At least 57 people are believed to have been killed in the flooding and up to a further 200 people were assumed to be buried alive in the town of Cijeruk 350 kilometers east of Jakarta. ](/news/2006/01/2/severe-storms-affected-east-java-indonesia-leading-to-flooding-and-landslides-at-least-57-people-are-believed-to-have-been-killed-in-the.md) _Context: East Java, Indonesia_
8. [ Severely injured victims of the 2005 Bali bombings are being evacuated to medical facilities in Australia and Singapore. The Australian Government has made moves to assist Indonesia in its response, dispatching Australian Federal Police officers and forensic experts to assist in investigations. ](/news/2005/10/2/severely-injured-victims-of-the-2005-bali-bombings-are-being-evacuated-to-medical-facilities-in-australia-and-singapore-the-australian-gov.md) _Context: Bali bombings, Indonesia_
9. [A rescue helicopter crashes while attempting to evacuate residents near the Dieng Volcanic Complex in Central Java, Indonesia, killing all eight people on board. ](/news/2017/07/3/a-rescue-helicopter-crashes-while-attempting-to-evacuate-residents-near-the-dieng-volcanic-complex-in-central-java-indonesia-killing-all-e.md) _Context: Indonesia_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Indonesia_
