### [2005-11-9](/news/2005/11/9/index.md)

#  The British government loses a key House of Commons vote on detaining terrorism suspects for 90-days without charge, in the report stage of the Terrorism Act 2006. This is Tony Blair's first ever commons defeat and has been described a serious blow to his authority. Opposition Leader Michael Howard calls on Blair to resign. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/4422086.stm)

### Related:

1. [ British polls open in the 2005 general election. Voters will elect 645 of the 646 members of the House of Commons. Most expect Tony Blair and his Labour Party to win, but both Michael Howard and the Conservative Party along with Charles Kennedy and the Liberal Democrats are expected to make major gains in Parliament. (Wikinews) ](/news/2005/05/5/british-polls-open-in-the-2005-general-election-voters-will-elect-645-of-the-646-members-of-the-house-of-commons-most-expect-tony-blair-a.md) _Context: Michael Howard, Tony Blair_
2. [Politics of the United Kingdom: After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/politics-of-the-united-kingdom-after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-an.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom_
3. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: terrorism_
4. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom_
5. [ 2017 Jerusalem Light Rail stabbing: A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/2017-jerusalem-light-rail-stabbing-a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-tw.md) _Context: terrorism_
6. [German police shoot a man, who was trying to escape after apparently driving into a group of pedestrians in a central square in Heidelberg. A 73-year-old man was killed and two other people injured. Police do not believe terrorism is involved. ](/news/2017/02/25/german-police-shoot-a-man-who-was-trying-to-escape-after-apparently-driving-into-a-group-of-pedestrians-in-a-central-square-in-heidelberg.md) _Context: terrorism_
7. [2016 Turkish purges: Turkey probes around 10,000 social media users for allegedly insulting government officials or supporting "terror-related activity." ](/news/2016/12/25/2016-turkish-purges-turkey-probes-around-10-000-social-media-users-for-allegedly-insulting-government-officials-or-supporting-terror-relat.md) _Context: terrorism_
8. [Three people, including the perpetrator, are killed in a shooting in the town of Spalding, Lincolnshire in the United Kingdom. Lincolnshire Police have ruled out a potential link to terrorism. ](/news/2016/07/19/three-people-including-the-perpetrator-are-killed-in-a-shooting-in-the-town-of-spalding-lincolnshire-in-the-united-kingdom-lincolnshire.md) _Context: terrorism_
9. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-th.md) _Context: House of Commons of the United Kingdom_
10. [War in Somalia: War on Terror: The first of seventy British military personnel arrive in Somalia to help combat the threat of Islamist militants. The remaining troops will join the United Nations peacekeepers and AMISOM soldiers in countering Al-Shabaab later on this year. This deployment is part of a greater effort by the United Kingdom to target terrorism. ](/news/2016/05/2/war-in-somalia-war-on-terror-the-first-of-seventy-british-military-personnel-arrive-in-somalia-to-help-combat-the-threat-of-islamist-milit.md) _Context: terrorism_
