### [2017-05-19](/news/2017/05/19/index.md)

# Net neutrality in the United States. The Federal Communications Commission votes to overturn a 2015 ruling requiring net neutrality. 

Critics say changing the rules may mean some data travels on &quot;fast lanes&quot;.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/technology-39973787)

### Related:

1. [A U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit three-judge panel upholds the Federal Communications Commission's net neutrality rules that prohibit broadband providers from giving or selling access to faster internet service to selected customers. ](/news/2016/06/14/a-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-district-of-columbia-circuit-three-judge-panel-upholds-the-federal-communications-commission-s-net-neutralit.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission, net neutrality_
2. [A three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit hears arguments about whether the net neutrality rules of the Federal Communications Commission are within the FCC's statutory mandate. ](/news/2015/12/4/a-three-judge-panel-of-the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-d-c-circuit-hears-arguments-about-whether-the-net-neutrality-rules-of-the-federal.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission, net neutrality_
3. [The US Federal Communications Commission votes to classify internet service providers as public utilities, creating net neutrality rules. The FCC also votes to preempt state laws in North Carolina and Tennessee that effectively prevent municipal broadband providers from expanding outside their existing service areas. ](/news/2015/02/26/the-us-federal-communications-commission-votes-to-classify-internet-service-providers-as-public-utilities-creating-net-neutrality-rules-th.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission, Net neutrality in the United States_
4. [United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit rules that the FCC cannot enforce net neutrality and that Comcast can limit its customers' access to BitTorrent. ](/news/2010/04/6/united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-district-of-columbia-circuit-rules-that-the-fcc-cannot-enforce-net-neutrality-and-that-comcast-can-li.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission, net neutrality_
5. [Day of Action to Save Net Neutrality. Several major internet companies and activist groups post messages defending net neutrality. ](/news/2017/07/12/day-of-action-to-save-net-neutrality-several-major-internet-companies-and-activist-groups-post-messages-defending-net-neutrality.md) _Context: net neutrality_
6. [The United States Federal Communications Commission announces an expansion of the federal Lifeline program, which currently offers monthly subsidies for phone and basic cell service, to include broadband Internet service, pending approval at the Commissioners' March 31 meeting. ](/news/2016/03/8/the-united-states-federal-communications-commission-announces-an-expansion-of-the-federal-lifeline-program-which-currently-offers-monthly-s.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
7. [U.S. Federal Communications Commissioner Michael O'Rielly says, during a speech at the American Action Forum, that Netflix's admission last week that it has been intentionally slowing its video streaming transmission on some wireless mobile carriers for five years "deeply disturbing" which might warrant an investigation by the Federal Trade Commission and/or Congress. ](/news/2016/03/29/u-s-federal-communications-commissioner-michael-o-rielly-says-during-a-speech-at-the-american-action-forum-that-netflix-s-admission-last.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
8. [The United States Federal Communications Commission rejects privacy advocacy group Consumer Watchdog's petition to make it illegal for Internet companies like Google, Facebook and ad providers to ignore "Do Not Track" browser settings. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-united-states-federal-communications-commission-rejects-privacy-advocacy-group-consumer-watchdog-s-petition-to-make-it-illegal-for-inter.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
9. [U.S. Senator Patrick Leahy writes to Internet Service Providers asking them to commit to net neutrality, that is, to refrain from engaging in "paid prioritization." ](/news/2014/10/1/u-s-senator-patrick-leahy-writes-to-internet-service-providers-asking-them-to-commit-to-net-neutrality-that-is-to-refrain-from-engaging-i.md) _Context: net neutrality_
10. [U.S. Senator Al Franken of Minnesota, in a letter to the Justice Department and the Federal Communications Commission, demands that they block the effort of telephone giant AT&T to buy rival T-Mobile USA. ](/news/2011/07/26/u-s-senator-al-franken-of-minnesota-in-a-letter-to-the-justice-department-and-the-federal-communications-commission-demands-that-they-blo.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
