### [2015-04-25](/news/2015/04/25/index.md)

# Gallipoli Landing 100th anniversary: Attendances at services to commemorate Anzac Day break attendance records in Australia and New Zealand. 

The number was far in excess of expectations and more than three times the 37,000 who attended last year.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-32459375)
2. [TV NZ](http://tvnz.co.nz/world-news/estimated-120-000-attend-canberra-dawn-service-6300228)

### Related:

1. [Australia and New Zealand mark Anzac Day. Events occur in Afghanistan, France, Turkey and Vietnam, while Julia Gillard heads to South Korea. ](/news/2011/04/25/australia-and-new-zealand-mark-anzac-day-events-occur-in-afghanistan-france-turkey-and-vietnam-while-julia-gillard-heads-to-south-korea.md) _Context: Anzac Day, Australia, New Zealand_
2. [Turkey's ambassador refuses visas to Australian and New Zealand archaeologists to conduct a survey of Gallipoli Campaign battlesites over concerns about a statue built by Sydney's Assyrian community commemorating the Assyrian Genocide in World War I. ](/news/2010/09/29/turkey-s-ambassador-refuses-visas-to-australian-and-new-zealand-archaeologists-to-conduct-a-survey-of-gallipoli-campaign-battlesites-over-co.md) _Context: Australia, Gallipoli Landing, New Zealand_
3. [ More than 20,000 Australians, New Zealanders, Turks and other nationalities gather at Anzac Cove, Gallipoli, Turkey to mark the 90th anniversary of the landing at Anzac Cove during World War I. Thousands more attend ANZAC Day dawn remembrance ceremonies and marches in cities around Australia and New Zealand, 250,000 in Sydney alone. [http://www.optusnet.com.au/news/story/abc/20050425/18/domestic/1352789.inp (Reuters)](Wikinews)](/news/2005/04/25/more-than-20-000-australians-new-zealanders-turks-and-other-nationalities-gather-at-anzac-cove-gallipoli-turkey-to-mark-the-90th-annive.md) _Context: Anzac Day, Australia, New Zealand_
4. [The Rhode Island Marine Architecture Project claims to have found the wreckage of HMS "Endeavour" used by Royal Navy Lieutenant James Cook on his voyage to Australia, New Zealand and Tahiti between 1768 and 1771. The ship was scuttled in 1778 in Newport Harbor ahead of the Battle of Rhode Island in the American War of Independence. ](/news/2016/05/3/the-rhode-island-marine-architecture-project-claims-to-have-found-the-wreckage-of-hms-endeavour-used-by-royal-navy-lieutenant-james-cook-o.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand_
5. [Australian electronics retailer Dick Smith, placed in administration by creditors in January, will close 301 stores in Australia and 62 in New Zealand with nearly 3000 people to lose their jobs. ](/news/2016/02/25/australian-electronics-retailer-dick-smith-placed-in-administration-by-creditors-in-january-will-close-301-stores-in-australia-and-62-in-n.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand_
6. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood. ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand_
7. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand_
8. [The United States Congress negotiates a deal to fast track the Trans-Pacific Partnership between the US and Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/04/16/the-united-states-congress-negotiates-a-deal-to-fast-track-the-trans-pacific-partnership-between-the-us-and-australia-brunei-canada-chile.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand_
9. [The Rolling Stones postpone their tours of Australia and New Zealand following the death of Mick Jagger's girlfriend L'Wren Scott. ](/news/2014/03/18/the-rolling-stones-postpone-their-tours-of-australia-and-new-zealand-following-the-death-of-mick-jagger-s-girlfriend-l-wren-scott.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand_
10. [The governments of the United States, Australia, New Zealand and the Netherlands protest the start of Japan's whaling season off the coast of Antarctica. ](/news/2011/12/14/the-governments-of-the-united-states-australia-new-zealand-and-the-netherlands-protest-the-start-of-japan-s-whaling-season-off-the-coast-o.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand_
