### [2015-04-25](/news/2015/04/25/index.md)

# Islamist rebels including the al-Qaeda-affiliated al-Nusra Front claim to have captured most of the town of Jisr al-Shughur in the Idlib Governorate. 

Islamist rebels have captured much of the north-western Syrian town of Jisr al-Shughur from government forces, activists say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-32461693)

### Related:

1. [Russian airstrikes on a Al-Nusra Front (Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria)-run prison complex in the northern town of Maarrat al-Nu'man, Idlib, leaves nearly 60 people dead. Most of those killed were rebels imprisoned by Al-Nusra, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/01/9/russian-airstrikes-on-a-al-nusra-front-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-run-prison-complex-in-the-northern-town-of-maarrat-al-nu-man-idlib-lea.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra, al-Qaeda_
2. [The al-Nusra Front, an al-Qaeda affiliate, assaults the Free Syrian Army's 13th Division in Maarrat al-Nu'man, killing seven FSA fighters with 40 captured. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says Nusra seized anti-tank missiles, armored vehicles, a tank, and other arms from the U.S.-backed division. ](/news/2016/03/13/the-al-nusra-front-an-al-qaeda-affiliate-assaults-the-free-syrian-army-s-13th-division-in-maarrat-al-nu-man-killing-seven-fsa-fighters-wi.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra, al-Qaeda_
3. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports Russian airstrikes kill at least 18 civilians and wound dozens more in the town of Ariha in Syria's northwestern Idlib province. Idlib is controlled by the Army of Conquest, a rebel alliance of mainly Islamist groups, including al-Qaeda affiliate al-Nusra Front. ](/news/2015/11/29/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-russian-airstrikes-kill-at-least-18-civilians-and-wound-dozens-more-in-the-town-of-ariha-in.md) _Context: Idlib, al-Nusra, al-Qaeda_
4. [Al-Nusra Front's (Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria) leader Abu Suleiman al-Masri is reportedly killed in the Aleppo province during clashes with the Syrian Army. ](/news/2015/10/24/al-nusra-front-s-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-leader-abu-suleiman-al-masri-is-reportedly-killed-in-the-aleppo-province-during-clashes-with-t.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra, al-Qaeda_
5. [The Russian Government says Russian jets bombed Syria for the third consecutive day, hitting 12 Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) targets. The UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that ISIL has no presence in the western and northern areas struck though Al-Qaeda's Syrian affiliate al-Nusra Front does. Russian planes also bombed Raqqah, the unofficial capital of ISIL. ](/news/2015/10/2/the-russian-government-says-russian-jets-bombed-syria-for-the-third-consecutive-day-hitting-12-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-isil.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra, al-Qaeda_
6. [Russian air-strikes reportedly kill U.S.-backed Syrian rebels as Russian jets bomb rebel positions in rural areas of northern Syria, including the town of Jisr al-Shughour, which is currently held by Islamist militant groups including Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria, the Al-Nusra Front. ](/news/2015/10/1/russian-air-strikes-reportedly-kill-u-s-backed-syrian-rebels-as-russian-jets-bomb-rebel-positions-in-rural-areas-of-northern-syria-includi.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra, al-Qaeda_
7. [Al-Qaeda's affiliate in Syria, the Al-Nusra Front, shoots dead at least 20 Druze villagers in Idlib in what is being described as a "massacre". ](/news/2015/06/11/al-qaeda-s-affiliate-in-syria-the-al-nusra-front-shoots-dead-at-least-20-druze-villagers-in-idlib-in-what-is-being-described-as-a-massacr.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra_
8. [Syrian government planes bomb the city of Jisr al-Shughur the day after it was captured by al-Qaeda and its allies. ](/news/2015/04/26/syrian-government-planes-bomb-the-city-of-jisr-al-shughur-the-day-after-it-was-captured-by-al-qaeda-and-its-allies.md) _Context: Jisr al-Shughur, Syrian Civil War, al-Qaeda_
9. [Syrian civil war:A suicide truck bomber attack by the Al-Qaeda-linked Al-Nusra Front on a government checkpoint outside Hama, Syria, kills at least 30 people, including a number of soldiers. ](/news/2013/10/20/syrian-civil-war-pa-suicide-truck-bomber-attack-by-the-al-qaeda-linked-al-nusra-front-on-a-government-checkpoint-outside-hama-syria-kills.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra, al-Qaeda_
10. [A toxic gas attack, allegedly by Syrian warplanes, kills at least 83 and injures many more in rebel-held Khan Shaykhun, Idlib. ](/news/2017/04/4/a-toxic-gas-attack-allegedly-by-syrian-warplanes-kills-at-least-83-and-injures-many-more-in-rebel-held-khan-shaykhun-idlib.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War_
