### [2004-07-19](/news/2004/07/19/index.md)

#  A Sudanese court sentences 10 Janjaweed militiamen to amputation and imprisonment for looting and killing in Darfur. 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=5709160)
1. [Cover Image](https://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [ The International Criminal Court issues arrest warrants for Sudanese humanitarian affairs minister Ahmed Haroun and Janjaweed leader Ali Kushayb on charges of war crimes committed during the Darfur conflict. ](/news/2007/05/2/the-international-criminal-court-issues-arrest-warrants-for-sudanese-humanitarian-affairs-minister-ahmed-haroun-and-janjaweed-leader-ali-ku.md) _Context: Janjaweed, Sudan_
2. [ The Chief Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court names the former Sudanese minister Ahmed Muhammad Harun and Janjaweed militia leader Ali Kushayb as chief suspects in its investigation into alleged war crimes and crimes against humanity in Darfur. The Government of Sudan has announced that it will not hand over the named men to the ICC. ](/news/2007/02/27/the-chief-prosecutor-of-the-international-criminal-court-names-the-former-sudanese-minister-ahmed-muhammad-harun-and-janjaweed-militia-lead.md) _Context: Janjaweed, Sudan_
3. [ The Sudanese Janjaweed steal 350 head of cattle from Goz Beida, Chad. ](/news/2006/06/6/the-sudanese-janjaweed-steal-350-head-of-cattle-from-goz-beida-chad.md) _Context: Janjaweed, Sudan_
4. [ Human Rights Watch estimates that several hundred civilians in eastern Chad have been massacred by Sudanese Janjaweed and UFDC attacks in the past week alone. HRW also accuses the Government of Sudan of using child soldiers. HRW Africa Director Peter Takirambudde refers to the attacks as "havoc," and that civilians "are trapped between the carnage in Darfur and Chad's downward spiral into chaos." ](/news/2006/06/23/human-rights-watch-estimates-that-several-hundred-civilians-in-eastern-chad-have-been-massacred-by-sudanese-janjaweed-and-ufdc-attacks-in-t.md) _Context: Janjaweed, Sudan_
5. [ The UN Security Council votes to impose sanctions on four Sudanese citizens involved in the Darfur conflict: Maj.-Gen. Gaffar Mohamed Elhassan of the Sudanese Air Force; Sheikh Musa Hilal, paramount chief of the Jalul Janjaweed tribe in North Darfur; Commander Adam Yacub Shant of the Sudanese Liberation Army; and Commander Gabril Abdul Kareem Badri of the National Movement for Reform and Development. The vote marks the first time UN sanctions have been adopted against individuals involved in this conflict. ](/news/2006/04/25/the-un-security-council-votes-to-impose-sanctions-on-four-sudanese-citizens-involved-in-the-darfur-conflict-maj-gen-gaffar-mohamed-elhas.md) _Context: Janjaweed, Sudan_
6. [ Janjaweed militias cross over the Chad-Sudan border and attack Chadian villagers in the city of Moudeina, but are beaten back by the Chadian military. ](/news/2006/03/30/janjaweed-militias-cross-over-the-chadasudan-border-and-attack-chadian-villagers-in-the-city-of-moudeina-but-are-beaten-back-by-the-chad.md) _Context: Janjaweed, Sudan_
7. [ Janjaweed militants cross the Sudanese border into Chad and attack the villages of Boroto, Ade, and Moudaina, killing nine and seriously wounding three others. Chad once again warns Sudan that it will retaliate for attacks by Janjaweed and UFDC rebel attacks. ](/news/2006/01/6/janjaweed-militants-cross-the-sudanese-border-into-chad-and-attack-the-villages-of-boroto-ade-and-moudaina-killing-nine-and-seriously-wo.md) _Context: Janjaweed, Sudan_
8. [ Darfur conflict: The Sudanese government and rebel leaders sign two accords that include a no-fly zone over Darfur, disarming Janjaweed militia and informing the location of forces to cease-fire monitors. United Nations officials arrive to investigate claims of genocide. ](/news/2004/11/8/darfur-conflict-the-sudanese-government-and-rebel-leaders-sign-two-accords-that-include-a-no-fly-zone-over-darfur-disarming-janjaweed-mil.md) _Context: Janjaweed, Sudan_
9. [ United States Secretary of State Colin Powell declares that the actions of the Janjaweed Arab militia in Darfur constitute genocide. Powell holds the government of Sudan responsible. Up to 50,000 ethnic Africans have been killed and 2.2 million displaced into refugee camps in neighboring Chad by ethnic Arab militias. ](/news/2004/09/9/united-states-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-declares-that-the-actions-of-the-janjaweed-arab-militia-in-darfur-constitute-genocide-powell.md) _Context: Janjaweed, Sudan_
10. [ Sudan seeks support from states attending the Arab League summit in Cairo, Egypt to forestall possible United Nations sanctions against their country regarding its support for the Arab Janjaweed accused of ethnic cleansing in Darfur. Arab League Secretary General Amr Moussa states that the Arab League states are inclined to help Sudan avoid sanctions. ](/news/2004/08/8/sudan-seeks-support-from-states-attending-the-arab-league-summit-in-cairo-egypt-to-forestall-possible-united-nations-sanctions-against-the.md) _Context: Janjaweed, Sudan_
