### [2004-07-19](/news/2004/07/19/index.md)

#  Amnesty International releases its report citing systematic killing, torturing and gang raping of females from ages 8 to 80 by Muslim Arab Janjaweed militia in the Darfur region of Sudan. 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [Amnesty](http://web.amnesty.org/library/index/engafr540842004)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=5705469&section=news)
2. [Cover Image](https://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [ Sudan seeks support from states attending the Arab League summit in Cairo, Egypt to forestall possible United Nations sanctions against their country regarding its support for the Arab Janjaweed accused of ethnic cleansing in Darfur. Arab League Secretary General Amr Moussa states that the Arab League states are inclined to help Sudan avoid sanctions. ](/news/2004/08/8/sudan-seeks-support-from-states-attending-the-arab-league-summit-in-cairo-egypt-to-forestall-possible-united-nations-sanctions-against-the.md) _Context: Arab, Darfur, Janjaweed, Sudan_
2. [ Human Rights Watch releases a [http://hrw.org/english/docs/2004/07/19/darfur9096.htm report] stating that Sudanese government documents confirm support for the Arab Janjaweed militia in their campaign of ethnic cleansing against African Muslims in Darfur.](/news/2004/07/20/human-rights-watch-releases-a-http-hrw-org-english-docs-2004-07-19-darfur9096-htm-report-stating-that-sudanese-government-documents-con.md) _Context: Arab, Darfur, Janjaweed, Sudan_
3. [Amnesty International say dozens of children in Darfur are among more than 200 people estimated to have been killed by Sudan government chemical weapons since January. ](/news/2016/09/28/amnesty-international-say-dozens-of-children-in-darfur-are-among-more-than-200-people-estimated-to-have-been-killed-by-sudan-government-chem.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Darfur, Sudan_
4. [Fighting between rival Arab tribes in Sudan's Darfur region kills 51 people and injures 62 others. ](/news/2013/02/23/fighting-between-rival-arab-tribes-in-sudan-s-darfur-region-kills-51-people-and-injures-62-others.md) _Context: Arab, Darfur, Sudan_
5. [55 people are killed and 85 injured after clashes between Arab nomads from the Darfur region of Sudan and the Southern Sudan army. ](/news/2010/04/25/55-people-are-killed-and-85-injured-after-clashes-between-arab-nomads-from-the-darfur-region-of-sudan-and-the-southern-sudan-army.md) _Context: Arab, Darfur, Sudan_
6. [ The Chief Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court names the former Sudanese minister Ahmed Muhammad Harun and Janjaweed militia leader Ali Kushayb as chief suspects in its investigation into alleged war crimes and crimes against humanity in Darfur. The Government of Sudan has announced that it will not hand over the named men to the ICC. ](/news/2007/02/27/the-chief-prosecutor-of-the-international-criminal-court-names-the-former-sudanese-minister-ahmed-muhammad-harun-and-janjaweed-militia-lead.md) _Context: Darfur, Janjaweed, Sudan_
7. [ Darfur conflict: The Sudanese government and rebel leaders sign two accords that include a no-fly zone over Darfur, disarming Janjaweed militia and informing the location of forces to cease-fire monitors. United Nations officials arrive to investigate claims of genocide. ](/news/2004/11/8/darfur-conflict-the-sudanese-government-and-rebel-leaders-sign-two-accords-that-include-a-no-fly-zone-over-darfur-disarming-janjaweed-mil.md) _Context: Darfur, Janjaweed, Sudan_
8. [ United States Secretary of State Colin Powell declares that the actions of the Janjaweed Arab militia in Darfur constitute genocide. Powell holds the government of Sudan responsible. Up to 50,000 ethnic Africans have been killed and 2.2 million displaced into refugee camps in neighboring Chad by ethnic Arab militias. ](/news/2004/09/9/united-states-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-declares-that-the-actions-of-the-janjaweed-arab-militia-in-darfur-constitute-genocide-powell.md) _Context: Darfur, Janjaweed, Sudan_
9. [ United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan calls upon African Union leaders to take action to resolve the crisis in Darfur where an estimated 30,000 black Sudanese have been killed by Sudanese Arabs in cultural and racial strife. ](/news/2004/07/6/united-nations-secretary-general-kofi-annan-calls-upon-african-union-leaders-to-take-action-to-resolve-the-crisis-in-darfur-where-an-estima.md) _Context: Arab, Darfur, Sudan_
10. [ The European Union's 25 foreign ministers jointly call on the United Nations to pass a resolution threatening sanctions if the Sudanese government does not rein in the Arab militias blamed for atrocities in Darfur. ](/news/2004/07/27/the-european-union-s-25-foreign-ministers-jointly-call-on-the-united-nations-to-pass-a-resolution-threatening-sanctions-if-the-sudanese-gov.md) _Context: Arab, Darfur, Sudan_
