### [2004-07-19](/news/2004/07/19/index.md)

#  Yasser Arafat, President of the Palestinian Authority, seeking to quiet unrest in the Gaza Strip reinstates Abdel-Razek al-Majaideh, demoting his cousin Moussa Arafat who was appointed just three days ago. 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=5708780&pageNumber=1)

### Related:

1. [ The Prime Minister of the Palestinian Authority, Ahmed Qurei, submits his resignation during chaos in the Gaza Strip as gunmen kidnapped several people, including the chief of police of the Gaza Strip, demanding reform of the Palestinian security force. Yasser Arafat refuses to accept the resignation. ](/news/2004/07/17/the-prime-minister-of-the-palestinian-authority-ahmed-qurei-submits-his-resignation-during-chaos-in-the-gaza-strip-as-gunmen-kidnapped-se.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat_
2. [ Palestinian Yasser Arafat dismisses Israel's threat to kill him. American representatives, and other world leaders, criticize Israel's prime minister for the suggestion. [http://www.arabnews.com/?page=4&section=0&article=42503&d=4&m=4&y=2004 (ArabNews)] Prime Minister Ariel Sharon conflicts with right-wing ministers over a plan to unilaterally disengage from the Gaza Strip. Housing and Construction Minister, Effie Eitam, and Tourism Minister, Benny Elon, demand that the plan receive cabinet approval. [http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1081052087090 (Jerusalem Post)] A year-long European Parliament investigation into how the Palestinian Authority spents money given to it by the European Union fails to find evidence linking its funds with terrorist activity. The findings, leaked before they were made public, are under attack, with one member of the probe calling it a "partial" whitewash. [http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1080979165731 (Jerusalem Post)] Millwall FC beat Sunderland A.F.C. 1-0 at Old Trafford to make it to the 2004 FA Cup Final after Tim Cahill scores the winning goal.](/news/2004/04/4/palestinian-yasser-arafat-dismisses-israel-s-threat-to-kill-him-american-representatives-and-other-world-leaders-criticize-israel-s-prim.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat_
3. [Israel suspends peace talks with the Palestinian Authority following an announcement of a unity agreement between the ruling Palestinian faction Fatah and the militant Hamas rulers of Gaza. ](/news/2014/04/24/israel-suspends-peace-talks-with-the-palestinian-authority-following-an-announcement-of-a-unity-agreement-between-the-ruling-palestinian-fac.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinian Authority_
4. [ Thousands of Fatah supporters gather in Gaza to mark the third anniversary of Yasser Arafat's death. Hamas security forces kill seven people and wound several. ](/news/2007/11/12/thousands-of-fatah-supporters-gather-in-gaza-to-mark-the-third-anniversary-of-yasser-arafat-s-death-hamas-security-forces-kill-seven-peopl.md) _Context: Gaza, Yasser Arafat_
5. [ Due to increasing rocket attacks aimed at Israeli civilians, The Government of Israel declares the Palestinian-controlled Gaza Strip an "enemy entity", and announces plans to cut utilities to the territory. ](/news/2007/09/19/due-to-increasing-rocket-attacks-aimed-at-israeli-civilians-the-government-of-israel-declares-the-palestinian-controlled-gaza-strip-an-en.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinian Authority_
6. [ Hamas claims full control of Palestinian Authority security agencies on the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2007/06/14/hamas-claims-full-control-of-palestinian-authority-security-agencies-on-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinian Authority_
7. [ The BBC issues a plea for information on the whereabouts of its Gaza correspondent, Alan Johnston, who has been missing for three days and is believed by Palestinian security officials to have been kidnapped. ](/news/2007/03/15/the-bbc-issues-a-plea-for-information-on-the-whereabouts-of-its-gaza-correspondent-alan-johnston-who-has-been-missing-for-three-days-and.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinian Authority_
8. [ The Palestinian Authority redeploys paramilitary police in Gaza for the first time since the outbreak of the Al-Aqsa Intifada. ](/news/2005/01/21/the-palestinian-authority-redeploys-paramilitary-police-in-gaza-for-the-first-time-since-the-outbreak-of-the-al-aqsa-intifada.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinian Authority_
9. [ The Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades seizes the governor's office in the Gaza Strip town of Khan Yunis, demanding that Yasser Arafat's cousin Moussa Arafat be dismissed from his post as Gaza's security chief. In a separate attack, unidentified people storm a police station and burn the structure. ](/news/2004/07/25/the-al-aqsa-martyrs-brigades-seizes-the-governor-s-office-in-the-gaza-strip-town-of-khan-yunis-demanding-that-yasser-arafat-s-cousin-mous.md) _Context: Gaza, Yasser Arafat_
10. [ Palestinian Legislative Council member Nabil Amr, a leading voice for anti-corruption reform of the Palestinian Authority, is shot twice in his right leg after returning from a television interview in which he criticized Yasser Arafat. ](/news/2004/07/21/palestinian-legislative-council-member-nabil-amr-a-leading-voice-for-anti-corruption-reform-of-the-palestinian-authority-is-shot-twice-in.md) _Context: Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat_
