### [2010-01-12](/news/2010/01/12/index.md)

# UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon is -encouraged- by recent developments in Guinean politics, and states the UN will continue working with the African Union (AU), the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) and other partners. 




### Source:

1. [UN News Centre](http://www.un.org/apps/news/story.asp?NewsID=33458&Cr=guinea&Cr1=)

### Related:

1. [2015 Burkinabe coup d'etat. Soldiers detain the interim president and prime minister of Burkina Faso, as well as a number of cabinet ministers, sparking fear of a coup d'etat. A joint statement by the United Nations, the African Union, and the Economic Community of West African States states that the presidential guard should immediately release the leaders of the interim government. ](/news/2015/09/16/2015-burkinaba-c-coup-d-a-c-tat-soldiers-detain-the-interim-president-and-prime-minister-of-burkina-faso-as-well-as-a-number-of-cabinet-minis.md) _Context: African Union, ECOWAS_
2. [UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon expresses "serious concerns on the human rights abuses and violations" in Iran at the meeting of non-aligned nations being held in Teheran. ](/news/2012/08/29/un-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-expresses-serious-concerns-on-the-human-rights-abuses-and-violations-in-iran-at-the-meeting-of-non-aligne.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, UN Secretary General_
3. [Syrian uprising:. UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urges "maximum restraint" from the Syrian regime as the first UN military observers arrive in Damascus to monitor a fragile ceasefire. ](/news/2012/04/16/syrian-uprising-un-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-urges-maximum-restraint-from-the-syrian-regime-as-the-first-un-military-observers-arriv.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, UN Secretary General_
4. [In Addis Ababa, UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon addresses the first African Union summit since the demise of Muammar Gaddafi, calling for improvement of LGBT rights. ](/news/2012/01/29/in-addis-ababa-un-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-addresses-the-first-african-union-summit-since-the-demise-of-muammar-gaddafi-calling-for-i.md) _Context: African Union, Ban Ki-moon_
5. [Robert Cooper, special advisor to Baroness Catherine Ashton (High Representative of the European Union for political, foreign affairs and security), despite serious concerns over excessive and indiscriminate use of force expressed by UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon [http://www.un.org/apps/news/story.asp?NewsID=37817&Cr=bahrain&Cr1= (UN News Centre)], speaking to MEPs in the foreign affairs committee in Brussels [http://www.saudinewstoday.com/article/53138__Bahrain%27s+Interior+Minister+Meets+EU+Official after visiting Bahrain (Saudi News Today)], defended Bahrain's protests crackdown: "It's not easy dealing with large demonstrations in which there may be violence. It's a difficult task for policemen. It's not something that we always get right in the best Western countries and [http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2011/mar/23/bahrain-protest-crackdown-eu-envoy accidents happen" (Guardian)]. Cooper's endorsement disturbed one MEP at the debate. "'Accidents happen?' ... I'm sorry this is a funny picture as you describe it," German Green deputy Franziska Brantner said. "What are you talking about? I find this very scary."](/news/2011/03/22/robert-cooper-special-advisor-to-baroness-catherine-ashton-high-representative-of-the-european-union-for-political-foreign-affairs-and-se.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, UN Secretary General_
6. [West Bank. UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon condemns the Palestinian Itamar attack that stabbed and murdered an Israeli family of five. ](/news/2011/03/13/west-bank-un-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-condemns-the-palestinian-itamar-attack-that-stabbed-and-murdered-an-israeli-family-of-five.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, UN_
7. [The United States describes the Israeli commission of inquiry into the May 2010 Gaza flotilla raid as "an independent report, credible and impartial and transparent", but says the -primary forum- for examining the event was the international committee operating under the auspices of UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon. ](/news/2011/01/25/the-united-states-describes-the-israeli-commission-of-inquiry-into-the-may-2010-gaza-flotilla-raid-as-an-independent-report-credible-and-i.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, UN Secretary General_
8. [An expert panel is appointed by UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to investigate whether war crimes were committed during the final stages of the Sri Lankan Civil War. ](/news/2010/06/22/an-expert-panel-is-appointed-by-un-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-to-investigate-whether-war-crimes-were-committed-during-the-final-stages-of.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, UN Secretary General_
9. [ UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon announces a commission to investigate the assassination of former Pakistani prime minister Benazir Bhutto. ](/news/2009/02/4/un-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-announces-a-commission-to-investigate-the-assassination-of-former-pakistani-prime-minister-benazir-bhutto.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, UN Secretary General_
10. [ The United Nations Security Council gave the green light to a plan by UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon on the deployment of an EU civilian police and justice mission in Kosovo.](/news/2008/11/26/the-united-nations-security-council-gave-the-green-light-to-a-plan-by-un-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-on-the-deployment-of-an-eu-civilian.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, UN Secretary General_
