### [2016-09-5](/news/2016/09/5/index.md)

# "Philippines v. China". Chinese vessels are seen positioned near the disputed Scarborough Shoal off the coast of the Philippines. 




### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/09/05/world/asia/south-china-sea-philippines-scarborough-shoal.html?_r=0)

### Related:

1. ["Philippines v. China". The Duterte administration accuses China of building a "secret island" on the Scarborough Shoal. ](/news/2016/09/7/philippines-v-china-the-duterte-administration-accuses-china-of-building-a-secret-island-on-the-scarborough-shoal.md) _Context: China, Philippines v. China, Scarborough Shoal_
2. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. China's People's Liberation Army Air Force says it has conducted "combat patrols" near the disputed Spratly Islands and Scarborough Shoal in the South China Sea as part of an effort to normalize such drills and respond to security threats. Xian H-6 strategic bombers and Su-30 fighter jets took part in the patrols, according to Xinhua News Agency. ](/news/2016/08/6/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-s-people-s-liberation-army-air-force-says-it-has-conducted-combat-patrols-near-the-disp.md) _Context: China, Scarborough Shoal, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
3. ["Philippines v. China". Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte says he would not press on for China to abide by the South China Sea ruling but he might do so in the future. ](/news/2016/08/30/philippines-v-china-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-would-not-press-on-for-china-to-abide-by-the-south-china-sea-ruling-bu.md) _Context: China, Philippines v. China, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
4. ["Philippines v. China". The Permanent Court of Arbitration rules in favor of the Philippines against China over territorial disputes in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/07/12/philippines-v-china-the-permanent-court-of-arbitration-rules-in-favor-of-the-philippines-against-china-over-territorial-disputes-in-the.md) _Context: China, Philippines v. China, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
5. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. The Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague rules it has jurisdiction to hear the Philippines' case against China over maritime disputes in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/10/30/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-the-permanent-court-of-arbitration-in-the-hague-rules-it-has-jurisdiction-to-hear-the-philippin.md) _Context: China, Philippines v. China, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
6. [The Philippines clarifies a controversial remark about a potential "war" with China amid criticism from Filipinos. ](/news/2017/05/22/the-philippines-clarifies-a-controversial-remark-about-a-potential-war-with-china-amid-criticism-from-filipinos.md) _Context: China, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
7. ["Philippines v. China". The Philippines says it won't have bilateral talks with China until the Chinese stop all provocations in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/08/31/philippines-v-china-the-philippines-says-it-won-t-have-bilateral-talks-with-china-until-the-chinese-stop-all-provocations-in-the-south-c.md) _Context: China, Philippines v. China_
8. [International reactions to Philippines v. China. Ahead of a court decision by the Permanent Court of Arbitration, China holds a naval drill in the disputed South China Sea raising tensions in the region. ](/news/2016/07/9/international-reactions-to-philippines-v-china-ahead-of-a-court-decision-by-the-permanent-court-of-arbitration-china-holds-a-naval-drill.md) _Context: China, Philippines v. China_
9. ["Philippines v. China". Cambodia continues to block consensus in the Association of Southeast Asian Nations meeting. The country has political and economical dependencies with China. ](/news/2016/07/24/philippines-v-china-cambodia-continues-to-block-consensus-in-the-association-of-southeast-asian-nations-meeting-the-country-has-politic.md) _Context: China, Philippines v. China_
10. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea, "Philippines v. China". Vietnamese police bus away about two dozen would-be protestors who gathered at Hoan Kiem Lake in central Hanoi to rally in support of the Permanent Court of Arbitration's South China Sea decision, and against China's rejection of the tribunal's ruling. This preemptive action, in effect, squashed the No-U group protest. ](/news/2016/07/17/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-philippines-v-china-vietnamese-police-bus-away-about-two-dozen-would-be-protestors-who-gath.md) _Context: Philippines v. China, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
