### [2016-09-5](/news/2016/09/5/index.md)

# U.S. President Barack Obama cancels a scheduled meeting with the President of the Philippines,  Rodrigo Duterte, after Duterte referred to Obama as a "son of a whore", while adding "I am no American puppet", in response to Obama's recent criticism of his war on drugs. 

An intemperate remark from Rodrigo Duterte derailed a bilateral meeting.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/09/05/politics/philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-barack-obama/)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-politics/wp/2016/09/05/philippine-president-threatens-to-curse-out-obama-obama-calls-him-a-colorful-guy/)

### Related:

1. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-united-states-refuses-to-sell-some-weapons.md) _Context: Philippines-United States relations, President of the Philippines, President of the United States, Rodrigo Duterte_
2. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte suspends the war on drugs so  resources can focus on ridding "corrupt" officers from the Philippine National Police. The ''cause celebre'' is the kidnapping and strangulation of South Korean businessman  Jee Ick-joo last October. ](/news/2017/01/30/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-suspends-the-war-on-drugs-so-resources-can-focus-on-ridding-acorrupta-officers-from-the-philippine.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
3. [Datu Saudi-Ampatuan mayor Samsudin Dimaukom, publicly accused by Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte of involvement in the illegal drug trade, is killed, along with nine others, by Philippine police at a  highway checkpoint in what police describe as an anti-drug operation. ](/news/2016/10/28/datu-saudi-ampatuan-mayor-samsudin-dimaukom-publicly-accused-by-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-of-involvement-in-the-illegal-drug-tra.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
4. [With 2,400 people dead so far, Rodrigo Duterte, the President of the Philippines, says that "plenty will be killed" in the war against drugs. ](/news/2016/09/5/with-2-400-people-dead-so-far-rodrigo-duterte-the-president-of-the-philippines-says-that-plenty-will-be-killed-in-the-war-against-drugs.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
5. [In response to criticism of his government's extrajudicial killings of 1,800 people since July, Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte says that U.S. forces advising the Armed Forces of the Philippines against an Islamic insurgency in Mindanao are doing more harm than good and must leave the country, saying, "I do not want a rift with America, but they have to go," during a speech in Manila. ](/news/2016/09/12/in-response-to-criticism-of-his-government-s-extrajudicial-killings-of-1-800-people-since-july-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-th.md) _Context: Philippines-United States relations, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
6. [Crime in the Philippines; Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte urges Filipino citizens to murder people suspected of using illegal drugs. ](/news/2016/07/1/crime-in-the-philippines-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-urges-filipino-citizens-to-murder-people-suspected-of-using-illegal-drugs.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
7. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-law-in-the-whole-philippines-two.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
8. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte is planning to seek the approval of the Congress of the Philippines to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao in response to the Marawi crisis) until the end of 2017. According to the 1987 revision of the Constitution, under Section 18 of Article VII, any martial law proclamation should not exceed a period of 60 days (Proclamation No. 216 officially ends on 22 July); and upon the initiative of the President, Congress (voting jointly, by a vote of at least a majority of all its Members in regular or special session) may extend the proclamation for a period to be determined by Congress, if the current situation still persists and public safety requires it. ](/news/2017/07/18/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-is-planning-to-seek-the-approval-of-the-congress-of-the-philippines-to-extend-proclamation-no.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
9. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte threatens the ''Philippine Daily Inquirer'' with an expose. The newspaper has been a long-time ally of the politically prominent Aquino family (ever since the 1986 EDSA People Power Revolution), as well as the minority opposition Liberal Party (of which the Vice President of the Philippines Leni Robredo is its prominent member); both have been consistent in their criticisms of the Duterty presidency and its policies since its inauguration in 2016. ](/news/2017/07/1/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-the-philippine-daily-inquirer-with-an-exposa-c-the-newspaper-has-been-a-long-time.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
10. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte makes another lengthy absence from any public appearance after missing the Independence Day celebrations earlier in June. Rumors about his health continue to circulate within the minority although government officials deny any issues. ](/news/2017/06/26/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-makes-another-lengthy-absence-from-any-public-appearance-after-missing-the-independence-day-cel.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
