### [2013-06-9](/news/2013/06/9/index.md)

# 2013 protests in Turkey: Turkish prime minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan called protestors "a handful of looters". 




### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2013/06/09/turkey-pm-calls-protesters-handful-looters/)

### Related:

1. [ Enes Kanter, a Turkish player with the NBA's Oklahoma City Thunder, returns to the U.S. after having been briefly detained in Bucharest. Kanter alleged that his public opposition to Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan and support of exiled Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen had led to the cancellation of his Turkish passport. ](/news/2017/05/21/enes-kanter-a-turkish-player-with-the-nba-s-oklahoma-city-thunder-returns-to-the-u-s-after-having-been-briefly-detained-in-bucharest-ka.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
2. [Turkish constitutional referendum, 2017: Voters in Turkey go to the polls for a referendum that seeks to replace the country's parliamentary system with an executive presidency, thereby giving President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sweeping new powers. Erdogan's AK Party has claimed victory while the opposition CHP has said that it will challenge the result. ](/news/2017/04/16/turkish-constitutional-referendum-2017-voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-that-seeks-to-replace-the-country-s-parliamentary.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
3. [2017 Dutch-Turkish diplomatic incident: Turkey bans the Dutch ambassador, Cornelis Van Rij, from returning to the Embassy of the Netherlands in Ankara, and closes its airspace to Dutch diplomats in response to a Dutch ban on Turkish ministers speaking at pro-Erdogan rallies. ](/news/2017/03/13/2017-dutch-turkish-diplomatic-incident-turkey-bans-the-dutch-ambassador-cornelis-van-rij-from-returning-to-the-embassy-of-the-netherlan.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
4. [Amnesty International releases a report criticizing the rise of populist leaders such as Donald Trump of the United States, Viktor Orban of Hungary, Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. ](/news/2017/02/22/amnesty-international-releases-a-report-criticizing-the-rise-of-populist-leaders-such-as-donald-trump-of-the-united-states-viktor-orba-n-of.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
5. [Turkey-United Kingdom relations: UK Prime Minister Theresa May and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sign a GBP100 million defense deal to build new fighter jets. Under the deal, BAE Systems will collaborate with Turkish companies to build the TAI TFX. ](/news/2017/01/28/turkey-united-kingdom-relations-uk-prime-minister-theresa-may-and-turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-sign-a-agbp100-million-defense.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
6. [Cyprus dispute: Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan vows that the Turkish Armed Forces will stay on Cyprus "in perpetuity" and that the proposal of a rotating presidency for a unified island is unacceptable, casting doubts on an eventual solution to the dispute. The remarks come as the latest round of unity talks end, with them to restart on January 18. ](/news/2017/01/13/cyprus-dispute-turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-vows-that-the-turkish-armed-forces-will-stay-on-cyprus-in-perpetuity-and-that-the.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
7. [Accession of Turkey to the European Union: Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens to open Turkey's borders to allow refugees and migrants to reach Europe after the European Parliament votes to temporarily freeze talks of Turkey's accession to the EU. ](/news/2016/11/25/accession-of-turkey-to-the-european-union-turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-to-open-turkey-s-borders-to-allow-refugees-and.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
8. [German prosecutors drop a case against comedian Jan Bohmermann, who had been indicted for a satirical poem about Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan. ](/news/2016/10/4/german-prosecutors-drop-a-case-against-comedian-jan-baphmermann-who-had-been-indicted-for-a-satirical-poem-about-turkish-president-recep-ta.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
9. [Turkish state of emergency: President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's order under the state of emergency declared Wednesday after the failed military coup calls for closure of thousands of private schools, charities, and other institutions suspected of having links to Fethullah Gulen. ](/news/2016/07/23/turkish-state-of-emergency-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-s-order-under-the-state-of-emergency-declared-wednesday-after-the-failed-militar.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
10. [2016 Turkish coup d'etat attempt: 2016 Turkish purges: Thousands gather in Istanbul's Taksim Square in a show of support for the new powers that President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has received in order to crackdown on dissent following the attempted coup. ](/news/2016/07/22/2016-turkish-coup-d-a-c-tat-attempt-2016-turkish-purges-thousands-gather-in-istanbul-s-taksim-square-in-a-show-of-support-for-the-new-powers.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
