### [2009-02-4](/news/2009/02/4/index.md)

#  UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon announces a commission to investigate the assassination of former Pakistani prime minister Benazir Bhutto. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5gcwnN_27LB3hwsp4Viv3Q6aZE0Pw)

### Related:

1. [A Pakistani court indicts former President Pervez Musharraf for his alleged involvement in the 2007 assassination of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto. ](/news/2013/08/20/a-pakistani-court-indicts-former-president-pervez-musharraf-for-his-alleged-involvement-in-the-2007-assassination-of-former-prime-minister-b.md) _Context: Assassination of Benazir Bhutto, Benazir Bhutto, Pakistan_
2. [Bilawal Bhutto Zardari, the son of Pakistan's murdered ex-Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto, promises to fight militancy and maintain democracy, in his first major political speech marking five years since his mother's death. ](/news/2012/12/27/bilawal-bhutto-zardari-the-son-of-pakistan-s-murdered-ex-prime-minister-benazir-bhutto-promises-to-fight-militancy-and-maintain-democracy.md) _Context: Assassination of Benazir Bhutto, Benazir Bhutto, Pakistan_
3. [ A suicide gunman shoots former Prime Minister of Pakistan Benazir Bhutto, killing her, and then blows himself up killing at least 22 others at an election rally in Rawalpindi, Pakistan. ](/news/2007/12/27/a-suicide-gunman-shoots-former-prime-minister-of-pakistan-benazir-bhutto-killing-her-and-then-blows-himself-up-killing-at-least-22-others.md) _Context: Assassination of Benazir Bhutto, Benazir Bhutto, Pakistan_
4. [Chaudhry Zulfiqar Ali, a prosecutor with Pakistan's Federal Investigation Agency leading the prosecution of former President Pervez Musharraf over alleged involvement in the assassination of Benazir Bhutto, is shot dead on the way to court in Islamabad. ](/news/2013/05/3/chaudhry-zulfiqar-ali-a-prosecutor-with-pakistan-s-federal-investigation-agency-leading-the-prosecution-of-former-president-pervez-musharra.md) _Context: Benazir Bhutto, Pakistan_
5. [UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon expresses "serious concerns on the human rights abuses and violations" in Iran at the meeting of non-aligned nations being held in Teheran. ](/news/2012/08/29/un-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-expresses-serious-concerns-on-the-human-rights-abuses-and-violations-in-iran-at-the-meeting-of-non-aligne.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, UN Secretary General_
6. [UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urges "maximum restraint" from the Syrian regime as the first UN military observers arrive in Damascus to monitor a fragile ceasefire. ](/news/2012/04/16/un-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-urges-maximum-restraint-from-the-syrian-regime-as-the-first-un-military-observers-arrive-in-damascus-to-m.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, UN Secretary General_
7. [A Pakistan anti-terror court indicts two police officers and five alleged members of the Taliban for the murder of former Prime Minister of Pakistan Benazir Bhutto. ](/news/2011/11/5/a-pakistan-anti-terror-court-indicts-two-police-officers-and-five-alleged-members-of-the-taliban-for-the-murder-of-former-prime-minister-of.md) _Context: Benazir Bhutto, Pakistan_
8. [Robert Cooper, special advisor to Baroness Catherine Ashton (High Representative of the European Union for political, foreign affairs and security), despite serious concerns over excessive and indiscriminate use of force expressed by UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon [http://www.un.org/apps/news/story.asp?NewsID=37817&Cr=bahrain&Cr1= (UN News Centre)], speaking to MEPs in the foreign affairs committee in Brussels [http://www.saudinewstoday.com/article/53138__Bahrain%27s+Interior+Minister+Meets+EU+Official after visiting Bahrain (Saudi News Today)], defended Bahrain's protests crackdown: "It's not easy dealing with large demonstrations in which there may be violence. It's a difficult task for policemen. It's not something that we always get right in the best Western countries and [http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2011/mar/23/bahrain-protest-crackdown-eu-envoy accidents happen" (Guardian)]. Cooper's endorsement disturbed one MEP at the debate. "'Accidents happen?' ... I'm sorry this is a funny picture as you describe it," German Green deputy Franziska Brantner said. "What are you talking about? I find this very scary."](/news/2011/03/22/robert-cooper-special-advisor-to-baroness-catherine-ashton-high-representative-of-the-european-union-for-political-foreign-affairs-and-se.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, UN Secretary General_
9. [The United States describes the Israeli commission of inquiry into the May 2010 Gaza flotilla raid as "an independent report, credible and impartial and transparent", but says the "primary forum" for examining the event was the international committee operating under the auspices of UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon. ](/news/2011/01/25/the-united-states-describes-the-israeli-commission-of-inquiry-into-the-may-2010-gaza-flotilla-raid-as-an-independent-report-credible-and-i.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, UN Secretary General_
10. [The Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon visits Pakistan to inspect the relief effort for the 2010 Pakistan floods. ](/news/2010/08/15/the-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-ban-ki-moon-visits-pakistan-to-inspect-the-relief-effort-for-the-2010-pakistan-floods.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Pakistan_
