### [2007-06-8](/news/2007/06/8/index.md)

#  The Council of Europe publishes a report claiming to prove that member states Romania and Poland conspired with the American CIA to kidnap and torture suspected terrorists. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/6733353.stm)
2. [CoE Report](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/shared/bsp/hi/pdfs/marty_08_06_07.pdf)

### Related:

1. [ Swiss investigator Dick Marty concludes that there are "serious indications" that the CIA operated secret prisons for suspected al-Qaeda leaders in Poland and Romania, adding that "authorities in several European countries actively participated with the CIA in these unlawful activities. Other countries ignored them knowingly, or did not want to know." ](/news/2006/06/7/swiss-investigator-dick-marty-concludes-that-there-are-serious-indications-that-the-cia-operated-secret-prisons-for-suspected-al-qaeda-le.md) _Context: CIA, Polish, Romania_
2. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: Polish, Romania_
3. [The President of Russia, Vladimir Putin, warns Romania and Poland against hosting parts of the U.S. missile defense shield. ](/news/2016/05/28/the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-warns-romania-and-poland-against-hosting-parts-of-the-u-s-missile-defense-shield.md) _Context: Polish, Romania_
4. [NATO's Aegis Ashore Ballistic Missile Defense System becomes partly operational at Romania's Deveselu airbase, as U.S. Navy personnel takes control of the site after years of construction. Aegis Ashore facilities in Romania form part of NATO's European missile defence system, with another site under construction in Poland expected to become operational by 2018. The United States Ambassador to Romania Hans G. Klemm says that they have explained to the Russians on numerous occasions that the missile system is, "not directed at Russia, nor does it have the capability to threaten Russia." The head of Russia's Strategic Missile Troops, Colonel General Sergei Karakayev, has dismissed the purported effectiveness of the missile defense system, saying Moscow develops "brand new and effective means and techniques to penetrate any missile defense system". ](/news/2015/12/18/nato-s-aegis-ashore-ballistic-missile-defense-system-becomes-partly-operational-at-romania-s-deveselu-airbase-as-u-s-navy-personnel-takes.md) _Context: Polish, Romania_
5. [ Central European stocks drop to a three-week low on expectations of slowing economic growth. Poland forecasts economic growth to drop to 2.3% in 2009 from 5.4% in 2008 and the Warsaw Stock Exchange's WIG 20 index falls 3.5% in two hours. Bulgaria's Sofia Stock Exchange is at a five-year low. Both Bulgaria and Romania may need International Monetary Fund loans to repay US$100 billion of external debt. ](/news/2008/11/18/central-european-stocks-drop-to-a-three-week-low-on-expectations-of-slowing-economic-growth-poland-forecasts-economic-growth-to-drop-to-2.md) _Context: Polish, Romania_
6. [ Eighteen-year-old TaCNYana Kucharova from the Czech Republic was crowned Miss World 2006 at the conclusion of a ceremony held at Sala Kongresowa in Warsaw, Poland. 1st Runner-Up was Ioana Boitor from Romania and 2nd Runner-Up was Sabrina Housammi from Australia. 104 nations competed for the title. ](/news/2006/09/30/eighteen-year-old-taacnya-na-kuchaaova-from-the-czech-republic-was-crowned-miss-world-2006-at-the-conclusion-of-a-ceremony-held-at-sala-k.md) _Context: Polish, Romania_
7. [ Swiss Councillor Dick Marty, commissioned by the Council of Europe to investigate CIA black sites and prisoner abuse in Europe says that the CIA has "disregarded all standards of legality". ](/news/2005/12/13/swiss-councillor-dick-marty-commissioned-by-the-council-of-europe-to-investigate-cia-black-sites-and-prisoner-abuse-in-europe-says-that-th.md) _Context: CIA, Council of Europe_
8. [At least eight people are killed and 137 injured after a strong storm hits western and central Romania. ](/news/2017/09/17/at-least-eight-people-are-killed-and-137-injured-after-a-strong-storm-hits-western-and-central-romania.md) _Context: Romania_
9. [The world's oldest man, Polish-Israeli Yisrael Kristal, who was also recognized as the oldest living Holocaust survivor, dies at age 113 years, 330 days, in Haifa, Israel. ](/news/2017/08/11/the-world-s-oldest-man-polishaisraeli-yisrael-kristal-who-was-also-recognized-as-the-oldest-living-holocaust-survivor-dies-at-age-113-y.md) _Context: Polish_
10. [In a meeting held in the city of Krakow, Poland, UNESCO decides not to include Machu Picchu on its list of endangered heritage sites due to the steps taken by Peruvian authorities to address concerns about the condition of the Inca citadel. ](/news/2017/07/6/in-a-meeting-held-in-the-city-of-kraka3w-poland-unesco-decides-not-to-include-machu-picchu-on-its-list-of-endangered-heritage-sites-due-to.md) _Context: Polish_
