### [2013-10-18](/news/2013/10/18/index.md)

# Saudi Arabia announces it will decline to accept a seat on the United Nations Security Council after being elected for it, citing the UN's inability to the stop the Ghouta chemical attack. 

Saudi Arabia turns down a non-permanent seat on the UN Security Council, accusing the world body of &quot;double standards&quot;.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-24580767)

### Related:

1. [Chad, Chile, Lithuania, Nigeria and Saudi Arabia are elected to the United Nations Security Council for a two-year term, starting on January 1, 2014. ](/news/2013/10/17/chad-chile-lithuania-nigeria-and-saudi-arabia-are-elected-to-the-united-nations-security-council-for-a-two-year-term-starting-on-january.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, United Nations Security Council, elected_
2. [Russia convenes a UNSC session to discuss Saudi Arabian attacks in Yemen after Royal Saudi Air Force bombed a refugee camp, killing dozens. ](/news/2015/04/4/russia-convenes-a-unsc-session-to-discuss-saudi-arabian-attacks-in-yemen-after-royal-saudi-air-force-bombed-a-refugee-camp-killing-dozens.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, United Nations Security Council_
3. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
4. [Equatorial Guinea, Ivory Coast, Kuwait, Peru and Poland are elected to the United Nations Security Council for a two-year term beginning on January 1, 2018. ](/news/2017/06/2/equatorial-guinea-ivory-coast-kuwait-peru-and-poland-are-elected-to-the-united-nations-security-council-for-a-two-year-term-beginning-on.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
5. [As a result of North Korea's repeated missile tests, the United Nations Security Council expands its targeted sanctions against the country, adding to the U.N. blacklist four entities, including the Koryo Bank and the Army's Strategic Rocket Force, and 14 people, including the North's head of  intelligence operations. ](/news/2017/06/2/as-a-result-of-north-korea-s-repeated-missile-tests-the-united-nations-security-council-expands-its-targeted-sanctions-against-the-country.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
6. [North Korea's official Korean Central News Agency reports the country's leader, Kim Jong-un, has approved deployment of the  Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile, and ordered mass production  of the system. The United Nations Security Council will hold a closed-door session Tuesday to discuss the test. ](/news/2017/05/22/north-koreaas-official-korean-central-news-agency-reports-the-country-s-leader-kim-jong-un-has-approved-deployment-of-the-pukguksong-2.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
7. [U.S. President Donald Trump arrives in Saudi Arabia, his first of three scheduled foreign trips. Trump signs an arms deal with King Salman worth more than US$100 billion. ](/news/2017/05/20/u-s-president-donald-trump-arrives-in-saudi-arabia-his-first-of-three-scheduled-foreign-trips-trump-signs-an-arms-deal-with-king-salman-w.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
8. [Saudi Arabia announces the arrest of 46 of what it describes as militants connected with the summer 2016 suicide bombing of Al-Masjid an-Nabawi in Medina.  ](/news/2017/05/1/saudi-arabia-announces-the-arrest-of-46-of-what-it-describes-as-militants-connected-with-the-summer-2016-suicide-bombing-of-al-masjid-an-nab.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
9. [The United Nations Security Council extends the MINURSO mission for another year and attempts to restart Western Sahara peace process negotiations after both sides retracted their military from a standoff position in Guerguerat, near the border with Mauritania. ](/news/2017/04/28/the-united-nations-security-council-extends-the-minurso-mission-for-another-year-and-attempts-to-restart-western-sahara-peace-process-negoti.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
10. [Saudi Arabia is among twelve countries newly elected to the United Nations Commission on the Status of Women, despite the nation's conflicts with women's rights. ](/news/2017/04/25/saudi-arabia-is-among-twelve-countries-newly-elected-to-the-united-nations-commission-on-the-status-of-women-despite-the-nation-s-conflicts.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
