### [2012-11-24](/news/2012/11/24/index.md)

# A natural gas explosion in Springfield, Massachusetts levels two buildings and damages others, injuring at least 18 people. 




### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/story/1015801/gas-leak-blast-levels-massachusetts-strip-club)

### Related:

1. [2016-2017 Cook Inlet natural gas leak. An investigation by the United States Department of Transportation's Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration finds that the natural gas leak occurring in Alaska's Cook Inlet began earlier than first reported, and represents significant safety and environmental risks. The agency gives pipeline operator Hilcorp Energy until May 1, 2017 to fix the leak, or shut the pipeline down. ](/news/2017/03/7/2016-2017-cook-inlet-natural-gas-leak-an-investigation-by-the-united-states-department-of-transportation-s-pipeline-and-hazardous-materials.md) _Context: natural gas_
2. [2016-2017 Cook Inlet natural gas leak. A damaged natural gas pipeline operating under Cook Inlet offshore of Nikiski (near Anchorage, Alaska) continues releasing between 6,000-8,800 cubic meters (210,000-310,000 cubic feet) of gas per day. Pipeline operator Hilcorp Energy states that due to sea ice conditions, repairs will not be possible for weeks. ](/news/2017/03/3/2016-2017-cook-inlet-natural-gas-leak-a-damaged-natural-gas-pipeline-operating-under-cook-inlet-offshore-of-nikiski-near-anchorage-alaska.md) _Context: natural gas_
3. [Tankers anchored in the Caribbean Sea are unable to deliver over four million barrels of crude oil, due to Venezuela's state-owned oil and natural gas company being unable to pay for hull cleaning, inspections, and other port services. ](/news/2017/01/26/tankers-anchored-in-the-caribbean-sea-are-unable-to-deliver-over-four-million-barrels-of-crude-oil-due-to-venezuela-s-state-owned-oil-and-n.md) _Context: natural gas_
4. [The Obama administration through the United States Department of Justice sends a subpoena to natural gas giant Chesapeake Energy regarding the accounting methods for its oil and gas properties. ](/news/2016/09/29/the-obama-administration-through-the-united-states-department-of-justice-sends-a-subpoena-to-natural-gas-giant-chesapeake-energy-regarding-t.md) _Context: natural gas_
5. [One person is killed and six others injured in an explosion at JCG Farms, an American feed mill near Atlanta, Georgia. ](/news/2016/02/7/one-person-is-killed-and-six-others-injured-in-an-explosion-at-jcg-farms-an-american-feed-mill-near-atlanta-georgia.md) _Context: explosion_
6. [Aliso Canyon gas leak. Southern California Gas Company caps, at least temporarily, the natural gas leak that started last October and has forced thousands to flee their homes. ](/news/2016/02/11/aliso-canyon-gas-leak-southern-california-gas-company-caps-at-least-temporarily-the-natural-gas-leak-that-started-last-october-and-has-fo.md) _Context: natural gas_
7. [A large explosion, which triggers other explosions and a fire (which threatens a nearby forest) at a fireworks factory in southeastern Italy (Modugno, Metropolitan City of Bari, Apulia Region) kills 7 people and injures several more, some seriously. Emergency vehicles were on the scene and the cause is being investigated; it is the peak season for fireworks in Italy because of the summer festivals there. ](/news/2015/07/24/a-large-explosion-which-triggers-other-explosions-and-a-fire-which-threatens-a-nearby-forest-at-a-fireworks-factory-in-southeastern-italy.md) _Context: explosion_
8. [ Two explosions in the Nigerian city of Gombe killed at least 29 people. ](/news/2015/07/22/two-explosions-in-the-nigerian-city-of-gombe-killed-at-least-29-people.md) _Context: explosion_
9. [According to a statement from Ukraine's nuclear energy authority, Yadernoye Toplivo, a private U.S. nuclear energy company, ConverDyn, could begin helping Ukraine in the production of enriched uranium, a day after Russia shut off natural gas supplies to the country after the two failed to reach agreement over Ukraine's unpaid gas debts to Russia.](/news/2015/07/2/according-to-a-statement-from-ukraine-s-nuclear-energy-authority-yadernoye-toplivo-a-private-u-s-nuclear-energy-company-converdyn-could.md) _Context: natural gas_
10. [Son of Boston police captain is charged with a foiled plot to bomb a university, inspired by Boston Marathon bombing, on alleged behalf of ISIS. He is scheduled Tuesday for a bail hearing at a federal court in Springfield. ](/news/2015/07/13/son-of-boston-police-captain-is-charged-with-a-foiled-plot-to-bomb-a-university-inspired-by-boston-marathon-bombing-on-alleged-behalf-of-i.md) _Context: Springfield_
