### [2012-11-24](/news/2012/11/24/index.md)

# Egypt's top judges accuse President of Egypt Mohamed Morsi of staging an "unprecedented attack" on the judiciary, after he passes a decree granting himself extensive new powers. Critics and supporters have staged rallies. Crowds gathered in Cairo's Tahrir Square, vowing to stage a sit-in protest. 

Egyptian judges call for a nationwide strike amid protests against a decree by President Mohammed Mursi to grant himself sweeping new powers.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-20476693)

### Related:

1. [Nine people are killed in Cairo, Egypt, as fighting between supporters and opponents of former President Mohamed Morsi continues. ](/news/2013/07/23/nine-people-are-killed-in-cairo-egypt-as-fighting-between-supporters-and-opponents-of-former-president-mohamed-morsi-continues.md) _Context: Cairo, Egypt, Egyptian President, Mohamed Morsi_
2. [Egypt President Mohamed Morsi condemns sectarian violence and orders a probe after one person is killed in clashes at the Cairo headquarters of the Coptic Christian pope. ](/news/2013/04/8/egypt-president-mohamed-morsi-condemns-sectarian-violence-and-orders-a-probe-after-one-person-is-killed-in-clashes-at-the-cairo-headquarters.md) _Context: Cairo, Egypt, Egyptian President, Mohamed Morsi_
3. [Tens of thousands of protestors demonstrate in Tahrir Square in Cairo against Egyptian President Mohamed Morsi for last week's decree granting himself sweeping powers. ](/news/2012/11/27/tens-of-thousands-of-protestors-demonstrate-in-tahrir-square-in-cairo-against-egyptian-president-mohamed-morsi-for-last-week-s-decree-granti.md) _Context: Cairo, Egyptian President, Mohamed Morsi, Tahrir Square_
4. [Opposition leaders in Egypt call for large protests after President of Egypt Mohamed Morsi passed a decree giving himself sweeping new powers. Protests for and against his decision are taking place in Cairo, and violence has occurred throughout Egypt. ](/news/2012/11/23/opposition-leaders-in-egypt-call-for-large-protests-after-president-of-egypt-mohamed-morsi-passed-a-decree-giving-himself-sweeping-new-power.md) _Context: Cairo, Egypt, Egyptian President, Mohamed Morsi_
5. [King of Saudi Arabia Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud announces, during his trip to Cairo, that a bridge crossing the Red Sea will be built, linking Egypt and Saudi Arabia. Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi says the bridge will be named after the Saudi monarch. A Saudi-Egypt Causeway project has been in the works for years. ](/news/2016/04/8/king-of-saudi-arabia-salman-bin-abdulaziz-al-saud-announces-during-his-trip-to-cairo-that-a-bridge-crossing-the-red-sea-will-be-built-lin.md) _Context: Cairo, Egypt, Egyptian President_
6. [Riot police violently break up an anti-Sisi protest in Cairo, Egypt. In the first sign of public discontent with President Sisi's rule, hundreds of people gathered and shouted slogans calling for his overthrow. ](/news/2016/04/15/riot-police-violently-break-up-an-anti-sisi-protest-in-cairo-egypt-in-the-first-sign-of-public-discontent-with-president-sisi-s-rule-hund.md) _Context: Cairo, Egypt, Egyptian President_
7. [Egyptians residing abroad begin casting votes in the country's first parliamentary election since the 2013 military overthrow of President Mohamed Morsi. Embassies and consulates in 139 countries will be open for two days of voting. ](/news/2015/10/17/egyptians-residing-abroad-begin-casting-votes-in-the-country-s-first-parliamentary-election-since-the-2013-military-overthrow-of-president-m.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian President, Mohamed Morsi_
8. [An Egyptian court sentences former President Mohamed Morsi to life in prison for conspiring with foreign groups and upholds an earlier preliminary death sentence issued for a prison break. Muslim Brotherhood leader Khairat el-Shater and two others are given death sentences. ](/news/2015/06/16/an-egyptian-court-sentences-former-president-mohamed-morsi-to-life-in-prison-for-conspiring-with-foreign-groups-and-upholds-an-earlier-preli.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian President, Mohamed Morsi_
9. [An Egyptian court sentences deposed President Mohamed Morsi to death for his part in the Egyptian Revolution of 2011. ](/news/2015/05/16/an-egyptian-court-sentences-deposed-president-mohamed-morsi-to-death-for-his-part-in-the-egyptian-revolution-of-2011.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian President, Mohamed Morsi_
10. [Aftermath of the 2013 Egyptian coup d'etat:At least 42 people have been killed and hundreds injured after the Army raids a sit-in by supporters of former President Mohamed Morsi in the Nasr City district of Cairo. ](/news/2013/07/8/aftermath-of-the-2013-egyptian-coup-d-a-c-tat-pat-least-42-people-have-been-killed-and-hundreds-injured-after-the-army-raids-a-sit-in-by-suppo.md) _Context: Cairo, Egyptian President, Mohamed Morsi_
