### [2012-11-24](/news/2012/11/24/index.md)

# Palestinian officials announce the body of former leader Yasser Arafat will be exhumed to investigate whether his death in Paris in 2004 was caused by poisoning. 

The body of Palestinian leader is to be exhumed on Tuesday, Palestinian officials announce, for tests to find whether he died of poisoning.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-20475737)
1. [Cover Image](https://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/64354000/jpg/_64354510_64354509.jpg)

### Related:

1. [A French probe into the death of former Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in 2004 closes without bringing any new information. ](/news/2015/09/2/a-french-probe-into-the-death-of-former-palestinian-leader-yasser-arafat-in-2004-closes-without-bringing-any-new-information.md) _Context: Palestinian, Yasser Arafat_
2. [Reports indicate that Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat had high levels of polonium in his body when he died. ](/news/2013/11/8/reports-indicate-that-palestinian-leader-yasser-arafat-had-high-levels-of-polonium-in-his-body-when-he-died.md) _Context: Palestinian, Yasser Arafat_
3. [The remains of Yasser Arafat are exhumed as part of an investigation into how the Palestinian leader died in November 2004. ](/news/2012/11/27/the-remains-of-yasser-arafat-are-exhumed-as-part-of-an-investigation-into-how-the-palestinian-leader-died-in-november-2004.md) _Context: Palestinian, Yasser Arafat_
4. [The Qatari-owned satellite channel, Al Jazeera, reports that traces of radioactive polonium-210 have been found in some personal effects of former PLO Chairman Yasser Arafat, who died in 2004; the PLO and Arafat's widow agree to his exhumation to investigate if he had been poisoned. ](/news/2012/07/4/the-qatari-owned-satellite-channel-al-jazeera-reports-that-traces-of-radioactive-polonium-210-have-been-found-in-some-personal-effects-of.md) _Context: Yasser Arafat, poison_
5. [ Death of Yasser Arafat: Le Monde reports that former Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat suffered from cirrhosis before dying. ](/news/2004/11/17/death-of-yasser-arafat-le-monde-reports-that-former-palestinian-leader-yasser-arafat-suffered-from-cirrhosis-before-dying.md) _Context: Palestinian, Yasser Arafat_
6. [ Two bodyguards of former Palestinian prime minister Mahmoud Abbas (Abu Mazen) are killed as they exchange fire with masked Gunmen as Abbas pays a visit to a mourning tent for Yasser Arafat in Gaza City. ](/news/2004/11/14/two-bodyguards-of-former-palestinian-prime-minister-mahmoud-abbas-abu-mazen-are-killed-as-they-exchange-fire-with-masked-gunmen-as-abbas.md) _Context: Palestinian, Yasser Arafat_
7. [ Yasser Arafat is flown to Paris, France, for medical treatment at Percy military hospital which specializes in blood disorders and cancer. Ahmed Qurei will manage the daily affairs of the Palestinian Authority and Mahmoud Abbas, the Palestine Liberation Organization. ](/news/2004/10/29/yasser-arafat-is-flown-to-paris-france-for-medical-treatment-at-percy-military-hospital-which-specializes-in-blood-disorders-and-cancer.md) _Context: Paris, Yasser Arafat_
8. [ Palestinian Yasser Arafat dismisses Israel's threat to kill him. American representatives, and other world leaders, criticize Israel's prime minister for the suggestion. [http://www.arabnews.com/?page=4&section=0&article=42503&d=4&m=4&y=2004 (ArabNews)] Prime Minister Ariel Sharon conflicts with right-wing ministers over a plan to unilaterally disengage from the Gaza Strip. Housing and Construction Minister, Effie Eitam, and Tourism Minister, Benny Elon, demand that the plan receive cabinet approval. [http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1081052087090 (Jerusalem Post)] A year-long European Parliament investigation into how the Palestinian Authority spents money given to it by the European Union fails to find evidence linking its funds with terrorist activity. The findings, leaked before they were made public, are under attack, with one member of the probe calling it a "partial" whitewash. [http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1080979165731 (Jerusalem Post)] Millwall FC beat Sunderland A.F.C. 1-0 at Old Trafford to make it to the 2004 FA Cup Final after Tim Cahill scores the winning goal.](/news/2004/04/4/palestinian-yasser-arafat-dismisses-israel-s-threat-to-kill-him-american-representatives-and-other-world-leaders-criticize-israel-s-prim.md) _Context: Palestinian, Yasser Arafat_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian President Yasser Arafat, reacting to the United States President Bush and Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon summit, states Palestinian will never give up their struggle for an independent homeland, never abandon the claims of their refugees, nor make more territorial concessions. He states that Jerusalem will be its capital. Sharon, who wants to withdraw Israel from the Gaza Strip, faces opposition to his withdrawal plan. ](/news/2004/04/15/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-president-yasser-arafat-reacting-to-the-united-states-president-bush-and-israeli-prime-minister.md) _Context: Palestinian, Yasser Arafat_
10. [ Road map for peace: Ahmed Qurei, who was nominated as Palestinian prime minister by the head of the Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat, accepts the position (pending the approval of the parliament). He had originally said there was no reason to form a new government unless "Israel wants to change its hostile attitude."](/news/2003/09/8/road-map-for-peace-ahmed-qurei-who-was-nominated-as-palestinian-prime-minister-by-the-head-of-the-palestinian-authority-yasser-arafat-a.md) _Context: Palestinian, Yasser Arafat_
