### [2012-11-24](/news/2012/11/24/index.md)

# The UK's Education Secretary, Michael Gove, and Rotherham Council announce separate investigations into the case of three children who were removed from their foster parents because the couple belongs to the UK Independence Party. 

Education Secretary Michael Gove and Rotherham Council are to investigate separately why three children were removed from a foster couple because they belong to UKIP.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-20476654)

### Related:

1. [UK Secretary of State for Education Michael Gove confirms that plans to replace the General Certificate of Secondary Education with a new English Baccalaureate qualification have been abandoned. ](/news/2013/02/7/uk-secretary-of-state-for-education-michael-gove-confirms-that-plans-to-replace-the-general-certificate-of-secondary-education-with-a-new-en.md) _Context: Michael Gove, Secretary of State for Education_
2. [The UK Independence Party (UKIP)'s only MP, Douglas Carswell, quits the party to become an independent MP. ](/news/2017/03/25/the-uk-independence-party-ukip-s-only-mp-douglas-carswell-quits-the-party-to-become-an-independent-mp.md) _Context: UK Independence Party_
3. [Labour's Gareth Snell holds off UKIP's leader Paul Nuttall to win the Stoke-on-Trent Central by-election, while Conservative Party candidate Trudy Harrison wins the Copeland by-election, the first gain for a governing party since 1982. ](/news/2017/02/23/labour-s-gareth-snell-holds-off-ukip-s-leader-paul-nuttall-to-win-the-stoke-on-trent-central-by-election-while-conservative-party-candidate.md) _Context: UK Independence Party_
4. [Paul Nuttall wins an overall majority in a vote to become the UK Independence Party's (UKIP) leader, succeeding Nigel Farage. ](/news/2016/11/28/paul-nuttall-wins-an-overall-majority-in-a-vote-to-become-the-uk-independence-party-s-ukip-leader-succeeding-nigel-farage.md) _Context: UK Independence Party_
5. [An altercation with a fellow UKIP MEP inside the European Parliament leaves UK Independence Party, Member of the European Parliament, and current UKIP party leadership favorite Steven Woolfe hospitalized. ](/news/2016/10/6/an-altercation-with-a-fellow-ukip-mep-inside-the-european-parliament-leaves-uk-independence-party-member-of-the-european-parliament-and-cu.md) _Context: UK Independence Party_
6. [Suzanne Evans, former UK Independence Party (UKIP) deputy chairman, and Paul Nuttall, President of the Initiative for Direct Democracy in Europe and Member of the European Parliament, each announce their candidacy for the UKIP leadership position, now held on interim basis by Nigel Farage. Other confirmed candidates are Bill Etheridge, Raheem Kassam, and Peter Whittle. ](/news/2016/10/23/suzanne-evans-former-uk-independence-party-ukip-deputy-chairman-and-paul-nuttall-president-of-the-initiative-for-direct-democracy-in-eu.md) _Context: UK Independence Party_
7. [Members of the UK Independence Party (UKIP) elect Diane James as their new leader. ](/news/2016/09/16/members-of-the-uk-independence-party-ukip-elect-diane-james-as-their-new-leader.md) _Context: UK Independence Party_
8. [Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leader-of-the-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-d.md) _Context: Michael Gove_
9. [Home Secretary Theresa May gets 165 votes after the first ballot of Conservative members of parliament to select a new Leader and the next Prime Minister. Her nearest rival, Minister of State for Energy Andrea Leadsom, picked up 66 votes. Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove won 48 votes, and Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb got 34 votes. Former Secretary of State for Defence Liam Fox is eliminated from consideration as he received just 16. Later, Crabb pulled out of the race and endorsed front-runner Theresa May. Fox also endorsed May. ](/news/2016/07/5/home-secretary-theresa-may-gets-165-votes-after-the-first-ballot-of-conservative-members-of-parliament-to-select-a-new-leader-and-the-next-p.md) _Context: Michael Gove_
10. [Nigel Farage resigns as leader of the UK Independence Party (UKIP) but says he and other MEPs/MPs of the party would continue to carry out their term in the European Parliament. ](/news/2016/07/4/nigel-farage-resigns-as-leader-of-the-uk-independence-party-ukip-but-says-he-and-other-meps-mps-of-the-party-would-continue-to-carry-out-t.md) _Context: UK Independence Party_
