### [2003-09-23](/news/2003/09/23/index.md)

#  Blackout: A power shortcut lays the southern part of Sweden and the eastern part of Denmark dead from midday, creating traffic problems and other disruptions throughout the area. About 2-3 million people are affected. From 4 p.m. Copenhagen has power again. A Swedish nuclear power plant abruptly stopped producing power.




### Related:

1. [A headless dismembered torso found washed ashore in Copenhagen two days ago is identified as Kim Wall. According to a police spokesperson, the body was deliberately mutilated and had metal attached to it so that it would not float. ](/news/2017/08/23/a-headless-dismembered-torso-found-washed-ashore-in-copenhagen-two-days-ago-is-identified-as-kim-wall-according-to-a-police-spokesperson-t.md) _Context: Copenhagen_
2. [A power outage plunges the Belgian capital of Brussels into darkness. ](/news/2017/02/9/a-power-outage-plunges-the-belgian-capital-of-brussels-into-darkness.md) _Context: power outage_
3. [In a referendum, Switzerland rejects a proposal to abolish commercial nuclear power by 2029. ](/news/2016/11/27/in-a-referendum-switzerland-rejects-a-proposal-to-abolish-commercial-nuclear-power-by-2029.md) _Context: nuclear power_
4. [A nationwide power outage hits Syria. The Syrian government says shortly before the power outage, militants had hit part of a power-generating station with rockets in the city of Hama, though it hasn't said whether this damage was linked to the nationwide outage. Also, it isn't clear how many people are affected by the power outage as many cities outside of the government's control already weren't being served by the government-run power grid. ](/news/2016/03/3/a-nationwide-power-outage-hits-syria-the-syrian-government-says-shortly-before-the-power-outage-militants-had-hit-part-of-a-power-generati.md) _Context: power outage_
5. [According to a statement from Ukraine's nuclear energy authority, Yadernoye Toplivo, a private U.S. nuclear energy company, ConverDyn, could begin helping Ukraine in the production of enriched uranium, a day after Russia shut off natural gas supplies to the country after the two failed to reach agreement over Ukraine's unpaid gas debts to Russia.](/news/2015/07/2/according-to-a-statement-from-ukraine-s-nuclear-energy-authority-yadernoye-toplivo-a-private-u-s-nuclear-energy-company-converdyn-could.md) _Context: nuclear power_
6. [A nuclear deal is reached in Vienna between Iran and P5+1. This Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action if signed by the entities involved, will cut off Iran's ability to produce a nuclear weapon whilst allowing for the peaceful use of nuclear energy, inspections, and the lifting of sanctions. ](/news/2015/07/14/a-nuclear-deal-is-reached-in-vienna-between-iran-and-p5-1-this-joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-if-signed-by-the-entities-involved-will.md) _Context: nuclear power_
7. [Large parts of Turkey experience a power outage affecting public services and infrastructure including air traffic control, trams, and subways in Istanbul. As much as 65% of the country is without power. ](/news/2015/03/31/large-parts-of-turkey-experience-a-power-outage-affecting-public-services-and-infrastructure-including-air-traffic-control-trams-and-subwa.md) _Context: power outage_
8. [Power returns to Amsterdam after a 5-hour blackout that caused the closure of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol and disrupted public transport networks throughout the Netherlands. ](/news/2015/03/27/power-returns-to-amsterdam-after-a-5-hour-blackout-that-caused-the-closure-of-amsterdam-airport-schiphol-and-disrupted-public-transport-netw.md) _Context: power outage_
9. [Danish Police seek a gunman who fired on three people near a Copenhagen synagogue a day after the shootings at the Free Speech Gathering. One person dies. ](/news/2015/02/15/danish-police-seek-a-gunman-who-fired-on-three-people-near-a-copenhagen-synagogue-a-day-after-the-shootings-at-the-free-speech-gathering-on.md) _Context: Copenhagen_
10. [Danish police evacuate part of central Copenhagen after a parked car is found with wires attached to it. ](/news/2013/08/6/danish-police-evacuate-part-of-central-copenhagen-after-a-parked-car-is-found-with-wires-attached-to-it.md) _Context: Copenhagen_
