### [2003-09-23](/news/2003/09/23/index.md)

#  Iraq: A U.S.-led coalition-backed Iraqi Governing Council member, Ayad Allawi, announces restrictions of the operations of TV networks al Jazeera and al-Arabiya. The networks are barred from reporting on official activities and news conferences and from entering ministries and office buildings for the next two weeks. The council claims they incited anti-occupation violence (by airing statements from resistance leaders; specifically broadcasting a video of "terrorists terrorizing Iraqis"), increased ethnic and sectarian tensions and were supportive of the lawless resistance. Allawi hopes the ban sends a "very clear message" to other stations. Al Jazeera responds that it is trying to give a balanced view of the current situation in Iraq and that it considers its ethical standards to be similar to western ones. The Coalition Provisional Authority has not responded to inquiries about the announcement.




### Related:

1. [Iraqi authorities ban Qatar-based satellite television network Al Jazeera from broadcasting in the country and closes its offices in Baghdad, accusing it of violating government guidelines issued in 2014 to regulate media "during the war on terror". ](/news/2016/04/27/iraqi-authorities-ban-qatar-based-satellite-television-network-al-jazeera-from-broadcasting-in-the-country-and-closes-its-offices-in-baghdad.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Iraq_
2. [The government of Iraq shuts down 10 television stations including Al Jazeera, accusing them of encouraging the sectarian violence by Sunni muslims in the country. ](/news/2013/04/29/the-government-of-iraq-shuts-down-10-television-stations-including-al-jazeera-accusing-them-of-encouraging-the-sectarian-violence-by-sunni.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Iraq_
3. [Al Arabiya television reports that three rockets have hit the border area between Kuwait and Iraq. ](/news/2011/08/26/al-arabiya-television-reports-that-three-rockets-have-hit-the-border-area-between-kuwait-and-iraq.md) _Context: Al Arabiya, Iraq_
4. [Six people, including an Iraqi Interior Ministry official and four members of a leading political bloc, die in multiple explosions throughout Baghdad apparently targeting members of former prime Minister Ayad Allawi's al-Iraqiya political coalition; four were killed in a roadside bomb and three others were wounded. ](/news/2010/10/14/six-people-including-an-iraqi-interior-ministry-official-and-four-members-of-a-leading-political-bloc-die-in-multiple-explosions-throughou.md) _Context: Ayad Allawi, Iraq_
5. [ Al Jazeera airs an audiotape from Osama bin Laden saying al-Qaeda is making preparations for attacks in the United States but offering a "long-term truce" to rebuild Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2006/01/19/al-jazeera-airs-an-audiotape-from-osama-bin-laden-saying-al-qaeda-is-making-preparations-for-attacks-in-the-united-states-but-offering-a-l.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Iraq_
6. [ Thousands of Iraqi Shia protest against Al Jazeera after a guest on a talk show on the network suggested that the Ayatollah Ali Sistani, Shia Islam's most senior cleric, should stay out of politics. ](/news/2005/12/15/thousands-of-iraqi-shia-protest-against-al-jazeera-after-a-guest-on-a-talk-show-on-the-network-suggested-that-the-ayatollah-ali-sistani-sh.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Iraq_
7. [ George W. Bush speaks on the Al Arabiya and Alhurra Arabic-language television networks, stating he was 'appalled' at the conduct of U.S. soldiers in Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq. ](/news/2004/05/5/george-w-bush-speaks-on-the-al-arabiya-and-alhurra-arabic-language-television-networks-stating-he-was-appalled-at-the-conduct-of-u-s-s.md) _Context: Al Arabiya, Iraq_
8. [ United States forces and Iraqi police raid the home of controversial Iraqi Governing Council member Ahmed Chalabi, arresting several members of the Iraqi National Congress and seizing documents. The US severs its financial ties with the group, and accuses it of currency exchange racketeering, theft, and obstructing the Oil for food investigation. ](/news/2004/05/20/united-states-forces-and-iraqi-police-raid-the-home-of-controversial-iraqi-governing-council-member-ahmed-chalabi-arresting-several-member.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Governing Council_
9. [ A poll commissioned by the US-led Coalition Provisional Authority has found that 80% of Iraqis distrust the occupying government and 82% want the U.S. and its allies to leave Iraq. ](/news/2004/05/13/a-poll-commissioned-by-the-us-led-coalition-provisional-authority-has-found-that-80-of-iraqis-distrust-the-occupying-government-and-82-wa.md) _Context: Coalition Provisional Authority, Iraq_
10. [ Iraq: The Iraqi Governing Council gains the seat at the Arab League left open since Saddam Hussein's ouster by the US-led coalition earlier that year. The council, which was formed under US auspices, seems to have taken a step toward sovereign legitimacy in the eyes of the international community.](/news/2003/09/9/iraq-the-iraqi-governing-council-gains-the-seat-at-the-arab-league-left-open-since-saddam-hussein-s-ouster-by-the-us-led-coalition-earlier.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Governing Council_
