### [2003-09-23](/news/2003/09/23/index.md)

#  United Nations: World heads of state and government convene at United Nations Headquarters in New York City for the start of the annual General Assembly high-level summit. President of the United States George W. Bush urges the international community to help Iraq rebuild itself into a democracy with the "great power to inspire the Middle East." President Bush states a transformed Middle East would also benefit the entire world "by undermining the ideologies that export violence to other lands." President Bush also calls on the Security Council to adopt new anti-proliferation resolution "calling on all members of the UN to criminalize the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction", enacting strict export controls, and securing all sensitive material.




### Related:

1. [ U.S. President George W. Bush addresses a skeptical United Nations audience to discuss his plans regarding Iraq. ](/news/2004/09/21/u-s-president-george-w-bush-addresses-a-skeptical-united-nations-audience-to-discuss-his-plans-regarding-iraq.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, U.S. President, United Nations_
2. [ Iraqi journalist Muntadhar al-Zaidi is sentenced to three years in prison for throwing shoes at then-United States President George W. Bush. ](/news/2009/03/12/iraqi-journalist-muntadhar-al-zaidi-is-sentenced-to-three-years-in-prison-for-throwing-shoes-at-then-united-states-president-george-w-bush.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, U.S. President_
3. [ Iraqi Parliament Speaker Mahmoud al-Mashhadani announces his resignation because of chaos over the treatment of Muntadhar al-Zaidi, the Al-Baghdadia TV journalist who threw his shoes at United States President George W. Bush. ](/news/2008/12/17/iraqi-parliament-speaker-mahmoud-al-mashhadani-announces-his-resignation-because-of-chaos-over-the-treatment-of-muntadhar-al-zaidi-the-al.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, U.S. President_
4. [ Al-Baghdadia TV journalist Muntadhar al Zaidi is subdued after throwing both his shoes at United States President George W. Bush during his farewell speech in Iraq. ](/news/2008/12/14/al-baghdadia-tv-journalist-muntadhar-al-zaidi-is-subdued-after-throwing-both-his-shoes-at-united-states-president-george-w-bush-during-his.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, U.S. President_
5. [ Turkey, Austria, Japan, Mexico and Uganda are elected by the United Nations General Assembly to the Security Council. Iran and Iceland fail in their bids. ](/news/2008/10/17/turkey-austria-japan-mexico-and-uganda-are-elected-by-the-united-nations-general-assembly-to-the-security-council-iran-and-iceland-fail.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations General Assembly, United Nations Security Council_
6. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush asks the United States Congress for $189.3 billion to fund the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2007/10/22/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-asks-the-united-states-congress-for-189-3-billion-to-fund-the-wars-in-iraq-and-afghanist.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, U.S. President_
7. [ U.S. President George W. Bush makes a surprise visit to Iraq and addresses military leaders and the troops, saying that with success, a U.S. Iraq troop cut is possible. ](/news/2007/09/3/u-s-president-george-w-bush-makes-a-surprise-visit-to-iraq-and-addresses-military-leaders-and-the-troops-saying-that-with-success-a-u-s.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, U.S. President_
8. [ Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-parliament-and-others-clap-and-give-a-standing-ova.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. President, United Nations headquarters_
9. [ President George W. Bush approves 8,200 more United States troops for Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2007/03/10/president-george-w-bush-approves-8-200-more-united-states-troops-for-iraq-and-afghanistan.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, U.S. President_
10. [ George W. Bush, the President of the United States says that Syria and Iran might be included in regional talks on the future of Iraq if they meet certain conditions. ](/news/2006/12/7/george-w-bush-the-president-of-the-united-states-says-that-syria-and-iran-might-be-included-in-regional-talks-on-the-future-of-iraq-if-th.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, U.S. President_
