### [2012-05-17](/news/2012/05/17/index.md)

# A group of Chinese Communist Party veterans call for the removal of security chief Zhou Yongkang. 

Communist Party veterans write open letter requesting the sacking of security chief Zhou Yongkang.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/asia-pacific/2012/05/201251701345290712.html)

### Related:

1. [China's Supreme People's Procuratorate arrests former Politburo Standing Committee member Zhou Yongkang on corruption charges and expels him from the Communist Party of China. ](/news/2014/12/5/china-s-supreme-people-s-procuratorate-arrests-former-politburo-standing-committee-member-zhou-yongkang-on-corruption-charges-and-expels-him.md) _Context: Communist Party of China, Zhou Yongkang_
2. [ Four new members join the Politburo Standing Committee of the Communist Party of China, China's "de facto" top power organ. They are Xi Jinping, Li Keqiang, He Guoqiang and Zhou Yongkang. President Hu Jintao and Premier Wen Jiabao retain their seats. ](/news/2007/10/22/four-new-members-join-the-politburo-standing-committee-of-the-communist-party-of-china-china-s-de-facto-top-power-organ-they-are-xi-jin.md) _Context: Communist Party of China, Zhou Yongkang_
3. [Australia-China relations. Reports emerge of the Australian Security Intelligence Organisation's discovery of classified Australian documents, related to Chinese intelligence activity abroad, in the Canberra home of a woman allegedly acting on behalf of the Communist Party of China. ](/news/2017/06/5/australia-china-relations-reports-emerge-of-the-australian-security-intelligence-organisation-s-discovery-of-classified-australian-docume.md) _Context: Communist Party of China_
4. [Political reshuffle in the Communist Party of China. Zhejiang governor Li Qiang is transferred to neighbouring Jiangsu province to serve as party chief. He is succeeded as Zhejiang governor by Xinjiang deputy party chief Che Jun. ](/news/2016/07/4/political-reshuffle-in-the-communist-party-of-china-zhejiang-governor-li-qiang-is-transferred-to-neighbouring-jiangsu-province-to-serve-as.md) _Context: Communist Party of China_
5. [Political reshuffle in the Communist Party of China. Luo Huining leaves his position as party chief of Qinghai and becomes party chief of Shanxi province, replacing Wang Rulin. ](/news/2016/06/30/political-reshuffle-in-the-communist-party-of-china-luo-huining-leaves-his-position-as-party-chief-of-qinghai-and-becomes-party-chief-of-sh.md) _Context: Communist Party of China_
6. [Authorities in China sentence Huang Yu, a computer technician from Sichuan who worked for a government department which handled state secrets, to death for leaking more than 150,000 classified documents to an unidentified foreign power. The documents in question covered secrets ranging from the ruling Communist Party to military and financial issues. ](/news/2016/04/19/authorities-in-china-sentence-huang-yu-a-computer-technician-from-sichuan-who-worked-for-a-government-department-which-handled-state-secret.md) _Context: Communist Party of China_
7. [Wei Hong is removed as the Governor of China's Sichuan province due to perceived disloyalty to the Communist Party. ](/news/2016/02/5/wei-hong-is-removed-as-the-governor-of-china-s-sichuan-province-due-to-perceived-disloyalty-to-the-communist-party.md) _Context: Communist Party of China_
8. [Human rights in China. Human rights activists claim that three pro-democracy advocates have been sentenced to up to five years imprisonment on charges of attempting to overthrow the Communist Party government in Guangzhou. ](/news/2016/01/29/human-rights-in-china-human-rights-activists-claim-that-three-pro-democracy-advocates-have-been-sentenced-to-up-to-five-years-imprisonment.md) _Context: Communist Party of China_
9. [The two-child policy takes effect in China, allowing couples in the country to have at most two children, replacing the controversial one-child policy. The change in law was announced by the ruling Communist Party on October 29 and passed the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress on December 27, five days prior to its effect. ](/news/2016/01/1/the-two-child-policy-takes-effect-in-china-allowing-couples-in-the-country-to-have-at-most-two-children-replacing-the-controversial-one-ch.md) _Context: Communist Party of China_
10. [Censorship in China. Chinese human rights lawyer Pu Zhiqiang goes on trial in Beijing for online social commentary critical of the ruling Communist Party. ](/news/2015/12/14/censorship-in-china-chinese-human-rights-lawyer-pu-zhiqiang-goes-on-trial-in-beijing-for-online-social-commentary-critical-of-the-ruling-co.md) _Context: Communist Party of China_
