### [1999-05-26](/news/1999/05/26/index.md)

#  India wins the cricket match against Sri Lanka in the 1999 Cricket World Cup by 157 runs.




### Related:

1. [  Floods in Sri Lanka and the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu cause over 70 deaths with the city of Chennai worst affected. ](/news/2015/11/16/floods-in-sri-lanka-and-the-southern-indian-state-of-tamil-nadu-cause-over-70-deaths-with-the-city-of-chennai-worst-affected.md) _Context: India, Sri Lanka_
2. [After Sri Lanka, Liang Guanglie leaves India for Laos. It has been the first visit to India of a Chinese Minister of Defence in eight years. ](/news/2012/09/6/after-sri-lanka-liang-guanglie-leaves-india-for-laos-it-has-been-the-first-visit-to-india-of-a-chinese-minister-of-defence-in-eight-years.md) _Context: India, Sri Lanka_
3. [ Protesters storm and ransack the office of the Sri Lankan High Commission in New Delhi, India, in protest at the alleged firing on Indian fisherman by the Sri Lanka Navy. ](/news/2009/10/2/protesters-storm-and-ransack-the-office-of-the-sri-lankan-high-commission-in-new-delhi-india-in-protest-at-the-alleged-firing-on-indian-f.md) _Context: India, Sri Lanka_
4. [  A second major earthquake off the coast of Sumatra prompts tsunami warnings for Sri Lanka, India, Indonesia, Christmas Island and the Cocos Islands. ](/news/2007/09/13/a-second-major-earthquake-off-the-coast-of-sumatra-prompts-tsunami-warnings-for-sri-lanka-india-indonesia-christmas-island-and-the-coco.md) _Context: India, Sri Lanka_
5. [ The UK Office for National Statistics announces that, in 2005, 565,000 immigrants arrived in the UK, mainly from Poland, India, Pakistan, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka, while there were 380,000 emigrants, over half of whom were UK citizens. The most popular emigration destinations were Australia, Spain, and France. The net immigration total, 185,000, was 17,000 less than 2004's record. ](/news/2006/11/2/the-uk-office-for-national-statistics-announces-that-in-2005-565-000-immigrants-arrived-in-the-uk-mainly-from-poland-india-pakistan-b.md) _Context: India, Sri Lanka_
6. [ 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake: World leaders gather in Jakarta, Indonesia, for an emergency summit with the United Nations. Aid pledges since the Asian Tsunami disaster are near USD 4 billion (EUR 3 billion). Nearly 150,000 people have been confirmed dead in the four hardest hit nations - Indonesia, India, Sri Lanka and Thailand. ](/news/2005/01/6/2004-indian-ocean-earthquake-world-leaders-gather-in-jakarta-indonesia-for-an-emergency-summit-with-the-united-nations-aid-pledges-sinc.md) _Context: India, Sri Lanka_
7. [India announces that it is to deport an estimated 40,000 Rohingya refugees including 14,000 of those registered with the U.N. refugee agency. In the months leading up to the announcement, a string of anti-Rohingya protests had been held in the country.](/news/2017/08/14/india-announces-that-it-is-to-deport-an-estimated-40-000-rohingya-refugees-including-14-000-of-those-registered-with-the-u-n-refugee-agency.md) _Context: India_
8. [India increases its military alert amid a border standoff with the People's Liberation Army of China at Doklam. ](/news/2017/08/12/india-increases-its-military-alert-amid-a-border-standoff-with-the-people-s-liberation-army-of-china-at-doklam.md) _Context: India_
9. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
10. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
