### [2003-03-28](/news/2003/03/28/index.md)

#  Fujitsu releases the HOAP-2, a humanoid robot product running the open standard Linux operating system.




### Related:

1. [ In India, HCL infosystems and Dayanidhi Maran, communications minister, unveil cheap "PC for India" with Linux OS, costing 9990 rupees (equivalent to US$225) ](/news/2005/08/1/in-india-hcl-infosystems-and-dayanidhi-maran-communications-minister-unveil-cheap-pc-for-india-with-linux-os-costing-9990-rupees-equ.md) _Context: Linux, operating system_
2. [ In the city of Munich (Germany), the SPD and Greens, who have a city hall majority, decide in separate meetings to migrate 14,000 city-owned Windows NT PC workstations to the SUSE Linux operating system. In spite of personal meetings with Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer and substantial rebates offered on a Microsoft solution, Munich now becomes the largest German city to migrate all of its client PCs to Linux. As an office suite, OpenOffice.org will be used.](/news/2003/05/26/in-the-city-of-munich-germany-the-spd-and-greens-who-have-a-city-hall-majority-decide-in-separate-meetings-to-migrate-14-000-city-owne.md) _Context: Linux, operating system_
3. [ SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit: Apparently noticing the incongruity of their selling a Linux distribution while suing IBM for stealing their intellectual property and giving it to the developers of that operating system, the SCO Group (formerly Caldera International and Caldera Systems) announces they will no longer distribute Linux. According to their press release, "SCO will continue to support existing SCO Linux and Caldera OpenLinux customers and hold them harmless from any SCO intellectual property issues regarding SCO Linux and Caldera OpenLinux products."](/news/2003/05/14/sco-v-ibm-linux-lawsuit-apparently-noticing-the-incongruity-of-their-selling-a-linux-distribution-while-suing-ibm-for-stealing-their-inte.md) _Context: Linux, operating system_
4. [Apple Inc., introduced a new programming language named Swift, for developing software for their operating systems iOS and OS X. ](/news/2014/06/2/apple-inc-introduced-a-new-programming-language-named-swift-for-developing-software-for-their-operating-systems-ios-and-os-x.md) _Context: operating system_
5. [Microsoft acknowledges and plans to address complaints with its Windows 8 operating system - changes will be available later this year. ](/news/2013/05/7/microsoft-acknowledges-and-plans-to-address-complaints-with-its-windows-8-operating-system-a-changes-will-be-available-later-this-year.md) _Context: operating system_
6. [Harvard scientists unveil RoboBee, a robot with the smallest ever man-made wings capable of flight. ](/news/2013/05/2/harvard-scientists-unveil-robobee-a-robot-with-the-smallest-ever-man-made-wings-capable-of-flight.md) _Context: robot_
7. [Scientists from New Jersey Institute of Technology's Swarm Lab announce that they have created robotic ants that behave very similarly to real ants. ](/news/2013/03/29/scientists-from-new-jersey-institute-of-technologyas-swarm-lab-announce-that-they-have-created-robotic-ants-that-behave-very-similarly-to.md) _Context: robot_
8. [Steam for Linux is released, beginning the expansion of Valve's game service onto the free and open-source platform. This leads to 2000 games being ported to the platform in a span of a little over 3 years.](/news/2013/02/14/steam-for-linux-is-released-beginning-the-expansion-of-valve-s-game-service-onto-the-free-and-open-source-platform-this-leads-to-2000-game.md) _Context: Linux_
9. [NASA unveils the prototype of a lunar mining robot called the Regolith Advanced Surface Systems Operations Robot (RASSOR). ](/news/2013/01/31/nasa-unveils-the-prototype-of-a-lunar-mining-robot-called-the-regolith-advanced-surface-systems-operations-robot-rassor.md) _Context: robot_
10. [Canadian wireless device manufacturer Research In Motion officially unveils BlackBerry 10, the newest version of the operating system for its BlackBerry devices, and announces the first two phones that will run on the new platform. The company also announces it will begin doing business as BlackBerry effective immediately. ](/news/2013/01/30/canadian-wireless-device-manufacturer-research-in-motion-officially-unveils-blackberry-10-the-newest-version-of-the-operating-system-for-it.md) _Context: operating system_
