### [2010-05-23](/news/2010/05/23/index.md)

# Japanese Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama makes an apology for breaking an election promise to get rid of a U.S. military base located in Okinawa which he and the United States believe is "needed to guarantee regional security". Demonstrators affected by this failure order him to "go home". 

Japanese Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama apologises for not keeping his promise to move a US military base from Okinawa.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/asia_pacific/10143374.stm)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/special/2015/newsspec_10857/bbc_news_logo.png?cb=1)

### Related:

1. [Japanese Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama resigns after breaking his campaign promise to remove a United States military base from Okinawa. ](/news/2010/06/2/japanese-prime-minister-yukio-hatoyama-resigns-after-breaking-his-campaign-promise-to-remove-a-united-states-military-base-from-okinawa.md) _Context: Japan, Okinawa, Prime Minister of Japan, Yukio Hatoyama_
2. [A 2014 deadline that would have moved a U.S. airbase opposed by politicians and civilians off Okinawa is cancelled following last year's resignation of Prime Minister of Japan Yukio Hatoyama over his own inability to remove the base. ](/news/2011/06/21/a-2014-deadline-that-would-have-moved-a-u-s-airbase-opposed-by-politicians-and-civilians-off-okinawa-is-cancelled-following-last-year-s-res.md) _Context: Okinawa, Prime Minister of Japan, Yukio Hatoyama_
3. [ Japan's Prime Minister-elect Yukio Hatoyama proposes a 25% cut in greenhouse gas emissions by 2020, up from 8% by the outgoing administration. ](/news/2009/09/7/japan-s-prime-minister-elect-yukio-hatoyama-proposes-a-25-cut-in-greenhouse-gas-emissions-by-2020-up-from-8-by-the-outgoing-administrati.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Yukio Hatoyama_
4. [Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe makes a landmark visit to Naval Station Pearl Harbor in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, offering "sincere and everlasting condolences" to the victims of the attack on Pearl Harbor by the Japanese empire on December 7, 1941. ](/news/2016/12/27/japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-makes-a-landmark-visit-to-naval-station-pearl-harbor-in-pearl-harbor-hawaii-offering-sincere-and-ever.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan_
5. [Voters in Okinawa, Japan, go to the polls to elect the members of the next Okinawa Prefectural Assembly. The election results give the camp supporting Governor Takeshi Onaga a clear majority in the assembly. Onaga is opposed to the central government's plan to relocate MCAS Futenma to Henoko Bay in Nago. ](/news/2016/06/5/voters-in-okinawa-japan-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-the-members-of-the-next-okinawa-prefectural-assembly-the-election-results-give-the-camp.md) _Context: Japan, Okinawa_
6. [Japan's emperor and prime minister attend a memorial service marking the fifth anniversary of the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami in which 15,894 people died and caused the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. Many people remain displaced and recovery efforts are ongoing. ](/news/2016/03/11/japanas-emperor-and-prime-minister-attend-a-memorial-service-marking-the-fifth-anniversary-of-the-2011-tahoku-earthquake-and-tsunami-in-w.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan_
7. [Japan and South Korea agree to 'irreversibly' resolve a long-running dispute over Korean women the Japanese military used as sex slaves during World War II. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will issue a formal apology to the so-called "comfort women." Tokyo will set up an aid fund of about 1 billion yen ($8.3 million). ](/news/2015/12/28/japan-and-south-korea-agree-to-irreversibly-resolve-a-long-running-dispute-over-korean-women-the-japanese-military-used-as-sex-slaves-duri.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan_
8. [In Tokyo, Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says his country is "very disappointed" with Japan's decision to resume whaling, but this dispute should not be allowed to hurt the two countries' special strategic ties. Malcolm Turnbull, who replaced Tony Abbott in September, is on his first visit to Japan which will include talks with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. ](/news/2015/12/18/in-tokyo-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-says-his-country-is-avery-disappointeda-with-japanas-decision-to-resume-whaling.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan_
9. [The Japanese government officially sues the governor of Okinawa, Takeshi Onaga, over his denial of permits to allow work to begin on the Relocation of Marine Corps Air Station Futenma. ](/news/2015/11/17/the-japanese-government-officially-sues-the-governor-of-okinawa-takeshi-onaga-over-his-denial-of-permits-to-allow-work-to-begin-on-the-rel.md) _Context: Japan, Okinawa_
10. [The Japanese economy goes into recession for the second time since the election of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. ](/news/2015/11/16/the-japanese-economy-goes-into-recession-for-the-second-time-since-the-election-of-prime-minister-shinzo-abe.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan_
