### [2010-05-23](/news/2010/05/23/index.md)

# The Catholic Church requests the public to donate at least GBP1 million to church collections today to fund three big open air masses at which Pope Benedict XVI will present while in the UK. The rest of the money is paid for by the British government. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/8699108.stm)

### Related:

1. [Pope Francis canonizes a record-breaking 800+ new Catholic Church saints - Emeritus Pope Benedict XVI had submitted the 813 "Martyrs of Otranto" who had been beheaded by Ottoman soldiers for refusing to convert to Islam. ](/news/2013/05/12/pope-francis-canonizes-a-record-breaking-800-new-catholic-church-saints-emeritus-pope-benedict-xvi-had-submitted-the-813-martyrs-of-otra.md) _Context: Catholic Church, Pope Benedict XVI_
2. [Child sex abuse in the Catholic Church:. Pope Benedict XVI is accused of failing to act in a case of the sexual abuse of 200 deaf boys. ](/news/2010/03/25/child-sex-abuse-in-the-catholic-church-pope-benedict-xvi-is-accused-of-failing-to-act-in-a-case-of-the-sexual-abuse-of-200-deaf-boys.md) _Context: Catholic Church, Pope Benedict XVI_
3. [ In a set of canon laws, the Vatican welcomes groups of Anglicans as "personal ordinariates" into the Catholic Church, Pope Benedict XVI announces. ](/news/2009/10/20/in-a-set-of-canon-laws-the-vatican-welcomes-groups-of-anglicans-as-personal-ordinariates-into-the-catholic-church-pope-benedict-xvi-ann.md) _Context: Catholic Church, Pope Benedict XVI_
4. [Child sexual abuse in Australia. Victoria Police charge Cardinal George Pell, the Prefect of the Secretariat for the Economy, and the third most senior official of the Catholic Church, with historic child sex offences. Pell will be required to attend hearings at the Melbourne Magistrates Court in Australia on July 19. ](/news/2017/06/29/child-sexual-abuse-in-australia-victoria-police-charge-cardinal-george-pell-the-prefect-of-the-secretariat-for-the-economy-and-the-third.md) _Context: Catholic Church_
5. [Canadian Indian residential school system. Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau asks Pope Francis for a public apology for the Roman Catholic Church's role in the abuse of indigenous children in the residential school system. In 2009, Pope Benedict XVI issued an expression of sorrow after an audience with Assembly of First Nations Chief Phil Fontaine. ](/news/2017/05/29/canadian-indian-residential-school-system-canadian-prime-minister-justin-trudeau-asks-pope-francis-for-a-public-apology-for-the-roman-catho.md) _Context: Pope Benedict XVI_
6. [Catholics in Portugal converge in a shrine in Fatima for a visit by Pope Francis. ](/news/2017/05/12/catholics-in-portugal-converge-in-a-shrine-in-fatima-for-a-visit-by-pope-francis.md) _Context: Catholic Church_
7. [The Catholic Church announces that cremated remains must be kept in consecrated land, rather than scattered about or kept at home. The Church first permitted cremation in 1963, but still strongly favours burial. ](/news/2016/10/25/the-catholic-church-announces-that-cremated-remains-must-be-kept-in-consecrated-land-rather-than-scattered-about-or-kept-at-home-the-churc.md) _Context: Catholic Church_
8. [The Vatican suspends PricewaterhouseCoopers' audit of its finances over questions whether proper procedures were followed when the December 2015 contract, reportedly worth $3 million, was enacted. Analysts say this move exposes the rift between the church-s old guard and supporters of financial reform, and raises questions about the Catholic Church-s commitment to cleaning up its finances. ](/news/2016/04/21/the-vatican-suspends-pricewaterhousecoopers-audit-of-its-finances-over-questions-whether-proper-procedures-were-followed-when-the-december.md) _Context: Catholic Church_
9. [Royal Commission into Institutional Responses to Child Sexual Abuse. Cardinal George Pell, the third most senior person in the Roman Catholic Church, gives evidence to the Royal Commission in Rome dealing with his time as a priest in the Australian cities of Ballarat and Melbourne. ](/news/2016/02/28/royal-commission-into-institutional-responses-to-child-sexual-abuse-cardinal-george-pell-the-third-most-senior-person-in-the-roman-catholi.md) _Context: Catholic Church_
10. [Pope Francis calls for a worldwide ban on the death penalty and urges Christian leaders to work to stop executions as part of the church's Holy Year of Mercy. ](/news/2016/02/21/pope-francis-calls-for-a-worldwide-ban-on-the-death-penalty-and-urges-christian-leaders-to-work-to-stop-executions-as-part-of-the-church-s-h.md) _Context: Catholic Church_
