### [2010-05-23](/news/2010/05/23/index.md)

# The Cuban government eases jail conditions for political prisoners following talks with Catholic Church leaders and President Ral Castro. 

Cuba has agreed to move political prisoners held in far-off jails to facilities closer to their hometowns and transfer sick prisoners to hospitals, a dissident said on Saturday, following talks between Catholic Church leaders and President Raul Castro this week.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE64M06420100523)
2. [Press Trust of India](http://www.ptinews.com/news/664407_Cuba-to-move-prisoners--treat-sick--hunger-striker)
3. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/latin_america/10144419.stm)

### Related:

1. [After having arrived in Havana, Cuba the day before, Pope Francis, in the third trip by an incumbent Pope to Cuba, presides over a Papal Mass in Havana's Plaza de la Revolucin, and pleads for Colombia and the FARC rebels to make a final peace, also noting the better relations between the U.S., which he will visit next, and Cuba. He holds a meeting with Cuban President Raul Castro, and meets for a talk and exchange of gifts with former Cuban President Fidel Castro. ](/news/2015/09/20/after-having-arrived-in-havana-cuba-the-day-before-pope-francis-in-the-third-trip-by-an-incumbent-pope-to-cuba-presides-over-a-papal-mas.md) _Context: Raul Castro_
2. [The President of Cuba, Raul Castro, is received in an official private audience with Pope Francis, who will become the third Pope to visit the still officially Communist island before visiting the U.S. this October. Some restrictions on exercise of religion, and a few restrictions on other rights, have been lifted or relaxed, especially after Pope John Paul II's historic 1998 meeting with Fidel Castro, Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI's trip during his reign, and especially in 2014 and earlier this year, after Raul and Francis and U.S. President Barack Obama's diplomatic team dramatically improved U.S.-Cuba relations. President Castro went there to thank Francis, whom he publicly has stated his admiration for, for his efforts, and spoke of the possibility of converting and of officially restoring the Church. ](/news/2015/05/10/the-president-of-cuba-raul-castro-is-received-in-an-official-private-audience-with-pope-francis-who-will-become-the-third-pope-to-visit-t.md) _Context: Raul Castro_
3. [The President of the United States Barack Obama and the President of Cuba Raul Castro meet at the sidelines of the Summit of the Americas in Panama. This marks the first meeting of the leaders of the two countries since the Cuban Revolution. ](/news/2015/04/11/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-and-the-president-of-cuba-raul-castro-meet-at-the-sidelines-of-the-summit-of-the-americas-in.md) _Context: Raul Castro_
4. [Cuba starts releasing political prisoners as part of an historic agreement with the United States announced last month. ](/news/2015/01/6/cuba-starts-releasing-political-prisoners-as-part-of-an-historic-agreement-with-the-united-states-announced-last-month.md) _Context: political prisoner_
5. [Burma frees dozens of political prisoners as part of the country's ongoing effort at political reform. ](/news/2013/07/23/burma-frees-dozens-of-political-prisoners-as-part-of-the-country-s-ongoing-effort-at-political-reform.md) _Context: political prisoner_
6. [President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir orders the release of all political prisoners. ](/news/2013/04/1/president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-orders-the-release-of-all-political-prisoners.md) _Context: political prisoner_
7. [President of Cuba Ral Castro announces he will not seek another term as president when his current one expires in 2018. He also states he will seek to put term limits and age caps for political offices in Cuba, including the presidency. ](/news/2013/02/25/president-of-cuba-raul-castro-announces-he-will-not-seek-another-term-as-president-when-his-current-one-expires-in-2018-he-also-states-he-w.md) _Context: Raul Castro_
8. [History of Eritrea:Dissident soldiers seize the ministry of information in Asmara, Eritrea, forcing state media to call for the release of political prisoners. Other buildings are also surrounded while television and radio later went off air. The apparent coup attempt against President Isaias Afewerki reportedly fails. ](/news/2013/01/21/history-of-eritrea-pdissident-soldiers-seize-the-ministry-of-information-in-asmara-eritrea-forcing-state-media-to-call-for-the-release-of.md) _Context: political prisoner_
9. [Burma releases 500 prisoners, including at least 58 political prisoners and foreigners, in an amnesty. ](/news/2012/09/18/burma-releases-500-prisoners-including-at-least-58-political-prisoners-and-foreigners-in-an-amnesty.md) _Context: political prisoner_
10. [Cuba announces that it will release 2,900 prisoners &ndash; including some political prisoners &ndash; in the next few days. ](/news/2011/12/24/cuba-announces-that-it-will-release-2-900-prisoners-ndash-including-some-political-prisoners-ndash-in-the-next-few-days.md) _Context: political prisoner_
