### [2011-09-18](/news/2011/09/18/index.md)

# 2011 Sikkim earthquake:A magnitude 6.9 earthquake occurs in northwestern Sikkim, northern India, causing shaking in parts of India, Nepal, Bhutan, Bangladesh and Tibet Autonomous Region. At least thirty seven deaths are reported. 

&quot;moderate intensity&quot; in UP. It has not ruled out the possibility of.


### Source:

1. [Bangladesh News 24 Hours](http://bdnews24.com/details.php?id=206404&cid=2)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2011/WORLD/asiapcf/09/18/india.earthquake/)
3. [The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/news/world/indian-earthquake-kills-19/story-e6frg6so-1226140593200)
4. [Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/lucknow/UP-residents-shaken-up-by-mild-quake-tremor/articleshow/10030535.cms)

### Related:

1. [ A 6.1 magnitude earthquake occurs in eastern Bhutan and is felt in northeast India, Tibet and Bangladesh, leaving at least 10 dead. ](/news/2009/09/21/a-6-1-magnitude-earthquake-occurs-in-eastern-bhutan-and-is-felt-in-northeast-india-tibet-and-bangladesh-leaving-at-least-10-dead.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Tibet Autonomous Region_
2. [Amid a stand-off between China and India in the Indian state of Sikkim, Bhutan protests to China over the construction of a road in the disputed territory of Doklam, a meeting point for all three countries' borders. ](/news/2017/06/29/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-in-the-indian-state-of-sikkim-bhutan-protests-to-china-over-the-construction-of-a-road-in-the-disp.md) _Context: Bhutan, India, Sikkim_
3. [Members of the 19th South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) summit, scheduled to be held in Pakistan during November 2016, postpone the meeting following a Indian-led boycott, including Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Bhutan in response to Pakistan's alleged involvement in a deadly terrorist attack on a Indian Army base in Uri, Jammu and Kashmir, on September 18. ](/news/2016/09/28/members-of-the-19th-south-asian-association-for-regional-cooperation-saarc-summit-scheduled-to-be-held-in-pakistan-during-november-2016.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Bhutan, India_
4. [The World Wildlife Fund reports global populations of tigers, an endangered species,  are up about 20 percent over the past six years.  This increase in tiger numbers, after declining for a century, was primarily in India, Russia, Nepal, and Bhutan. The third Asian Ministerial Conference on Tiger Conservation starts Monday in New Delhi, India.  ](/news/2016/04/10/the-world-wildlife-fund-reports-global-populations-of-tigers-an-endangered-species-are-up-about-20-percent-over-the-past-six-years-this.md) _Context: Bhutan, India, Nepal_
5. [A strong 7.9 earthquake strikes between the Nepalese capital Kathmandu and the regional headquarter city of Pokhara. The Government of Nepal declares a state of emergency with 1500 dead. A number of UNESCO World Heritage Sites are destroyed, including the historic Dharahara tower. Deaths are also recorded in India, Bangladesh and the Chinese province of Tibet. ](/news/2015/04/25/a-strong-7-9-earthquake-strikes-between-the-nepalese-capital-kathmandu-and-the-regional-headquarter-city-of-pokhara-the-government-of-nepal.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India, Nepal_
6. [Rescue efforts continue for the victims of the 2011 Sikkim earthquake, which has claimed at least 67 lives in India, Nepal and Tibet. ](/news/2011/09/19/rescue-efforts-continue-for-the-victims-of-the-2011-sikkim-earthquake-which-has-claimed-at-least-67-lives-in-india-nepal-and-tibet.md) _Context: 2011 Sikkim earthquake, India, Nepal_
7. [ The death toll from the 2007 South Asian floods nears 1,100 in India while 120 people have died in Bangladesh and 84 in Nepal. Health officials have raised concerns about epidemics. ](/news/2007/08/5/the-death-toll-from-the-2007-south-asian-floods-nears-1-100-in-india-while-120-people-have-died-in-bangladesh-and-84-in-nepal-health-offic.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India, Nepal_
8. [ 2007 South Asian floods: The Ganges River system will come under further strain from monsoon floods as 20 million are homeless in Nepal, India and Bangladesh. Almost 200 people have died. ](/news/2007/08/4/2007-south-asian-floods-the-ganges-river-system-will-come-under-further-strain-from-monsoon-floods-as-20-million-are-homeless-in-nepal-in.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India, Nepal_
9. [ 2007 South Asian floods: Monsoon floods make millions homeless in India, Nepal and Bangladesh with a death toll of 145 in India and 65 in Bangladesh. ](/news/2007/08/3/2007-south-asian-floods-monsoon-floods-make-millions-homeless-in-india-nepal-and-bangladesh-with-a-death-toll-of-145-in-india-and-65-in-b.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India, Nepal_
10. [ At least 28 people die in Uttar Pradesh, India as an overcrowded boat carrying flood evacuees and aid workers capsizes on the Rohni River. Monsoon floods have killed more than 150 people in India during July while at least 82 people have died in Nepal over the past two weeks and 38 in Bangladesh. ](/news/2007/08/1/at-least-28-people-die-in-uttar-pradesh-india-as-an-overcrowded-boat-carrying-flood-evacuees-and-aid-workers-capsizes-on-the-rohni-river.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India, Nepal_
