### [2011-09-18](/news/2011/09/18/index.md)

# Sinn Fein announces that Martin McGuinness, current Deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland and former Irish Republican Army commander, will be a candidate for the Irish presidential election with John O'Dowd serving as acting Deputy First Minister. 




### Source:

1. [Financial Times](http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/e4c970ac-e206-11e0-9915-00144feabdc0.html#axzz1YLpl6jVE)

### Related:

1. [Sinn Fein's Martin McGuinness will shake hands with Elizabeth II at a historic first meeting between a British Monarch and member of Sinn Fein during the Queen's forthcoming trip to Northern Ireland. ](/news/2012/06/22/sinn-fein-s-martin-mcguinness-will-shake-hands-with-elizabeth-ii-at-a-historic-first-meeting-between-a-british-monarch-and-member-of-sinn-fa.md) _Context: Martin McGuinness, Northern Ireland, Sinn Fin_
2. [Sinn Fein nominate John O'Dowd to replace Martin McGuinness on a temporary basis as deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland. ](/news/2011/09/19/sinn-fa-c-in-nominate-john-o-dowd-to-replace-martin-mcguinness-on-a-temporary-basis-as-deputy-first-minister-of-northern-ireland.md) _Context: John O'Dowd, Martin McGuinness, deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland_
3. [Sinn Fin's officer board gives its approval to put forward Northern Ireland's Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness as a candidate for the 2011 Irish presidential election. ](/news/2011/09/16/sinn-fein-s-officer-board-gives-its-approval-to-put-forward-northern-ireland-s-deputy-first-minister-martin-mcguinness-as-a-candidate-for-th.md) _Context: Irish presidential election, Martin McGuinness, Sinn Fin_
4. [Former Northern Irish First Minister Peter Robinson, leader of the Democratic Unionist Party, tells "The Sunday Times" that the conduct of his wife, politician Iris Robinson, with her young lover has led him to shake hands with deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness (Sinn Fein) for the first time. ](/news/2010/01/17/former-northern-irish-first-minister-peter-robinson-leader-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-tells-the-sunday-times-that-the-conduct-of-h.md) _Context: Martin McGuinness, Northern Ireland, deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland_
5. [ Saint Patrick's Day:. United States President Barack Obama meets Irish Taoiseach Brian Cowen and Northern Irish First Minister Peter Robinson and Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness at the White House. ](/news/2009/03/17/saint-patrick-s-day-united-states-president-barack-obama-meets-irish-taoiseach-brian-cowen-and-northern-irish-first-minister-peter-robins.md) _Context: Martin McGuinness, Northern Ireland, deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland_
6. [Northern Ireland Assembly election, 2017. Northern Irish voters go to the polls to elect their new MLA representatives after a snap election was called following the resignation of Deputy First minister Martin McGuinness of Sinn Fin over the mishandling by Democratic Unionist Party over the recent Renewable Heat Incentive scandal. ](/news/2017/03/2/northern-ireland-assembly-election-2017-northern-irish-voters-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-their-new-mla-representatives-after-a-snap-election.md) _Context: Martin McGuinness, Sinn Fin_
7. [Peter Robinson announces he will step down as Northern Ireland's First Minister and as leader of the Democratic Unionist Party, corresponding with recent tensions in the area and a murder linked with the Irish Republican Army. ](/news/2015/11/19/peter-robinson-announces-he-will-step-down-as-northern-ireland-s-first-minister-and-as-leader-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-correspondin.md) _Context: Irish Republican Army, Northern Ireland_
8. [DUP leader and Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson dismisses calls from Sinn Fin for a Scotland-style referendum on independence for Northern Ireland, telling his party's annual conference that a majority of Catholics want Northern Ireland to stay part of the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/11/24/dup-leader-and-northern-ireland-first-minister-peter-robinson-dismisses-calls-from-sinn-fein-for-a-scotland-style-referendum-on-independence.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Sinn Fin_
9. [Britain's Queen Elizabeth II and former IRA commander and Sinn Fein deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland Martin McGuinness shake hands at a historic meeting in Belfast. ](/news/2012/06/27/britain-s-queen-elizabeth-ii-and-former-ira-commander-and-sinn-fa-c-in-deputy-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-martin-mcguinness-shake-hands.md) _Context: Martin McGuinness, Northern Ireland_
10. [The BBC's "Spotlight" programme reveals that Iris Robinson, former UK MP and wife of the First Minister of Northern Ireland, helped a 19 year old male who she was having a relationship with receive funding for a business project. ](/news/2010/01/7/the-bbc-s-spotlight-programme-reveals-that-iris-robinson-former-uk-mp-and-wife-of-the-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-helped-a-19-yea.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland_
