### [2005-12-17](/news/2005/12/17/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Palestinian militant Khaled Abu Sitta is killed and three others injured when Sitta's car explodes in the Gaza Strip. Palestinian sources say the explosion was caused by an Israeli air strike, although the Israeli Defense Force denies any involvement but admits bombing roads and bridges and shooting dead a suspect.

IDF forces spot three Palestinians approaching Gaza security fence; one terrorist attempts to place bomb in area, shot to death; earlier, member of Abu al-Rish Brigades killed after his car explodes; IDF denies involvement


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4538580.stm)
2. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/657969.html)
3. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/NewsArticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=2005-12-17T173924Z_01_KNE763550_RTRUKOT_0_TEXT0.xml&related=true)
4. [Y-Net](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3185785,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: 2 Palestinian militants, one from Hamas, the other the Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigade, have died following an Israeli air-strike in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/11/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2-palestinian-militants-one-from-hamas-the-other-the-al-aqsa-martyrs-brigade-have-died-following-an-israel.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:. The Israeli Defense Force launches Operation First Rain, a series of air strikes on Palestinian targets in the Gaza Strip, including an alleged Hamas weapons factory and a children's school. According to Israel the operation's goal is to stop shelling of southern Israeli towns and villages by Palestinian militants, though several civilians have been injured, including an infant. At least 200 Palestinians have been arrested in overnight IDF raids in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-israeli-defense-force-launches-operation-first-rain-a-series-of-air-strikes-on-palestinian-targets-in-t.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli soldier, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian Conflict. Palestinian political violence. Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-political-violence-palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-p.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
5. [A Palestinian sniper kills a Bedouin laborer who was repairing the Israeli fence surrounding Gaza; following this, the Israeli Military attacked targets in Gaza with airstrikes and ground forces, killing at least one Palestinian three-year-old child and wounding several others.](/news/2013/12/24/a-palestinian-sniper-kills-a-bedouin-laborer-who-was-repairing-the-israeli-fence-surrounding-gaza-following-this-the-israeli-military-atta.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. The Israeli army finds a second tunnel laden with explosives dug from the Gaza Strip into Israel and proceeds to destroy it. ](/news/2013/10/15/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-israeli-army-finds-a-second-tunnel-laden-with-explosives-dug-from-the-gaza-strip-into-israel-and-proceeds.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
7. [The Israeli air force launches early morning airstrikes on smuggling tunnels along Gaza-Egypt border as well as a Hamas training camp in Gaza following Palestinian militants' rocket attacks against Beersheba and Ashkelon, Israel. ](/news/2011/03/24/the-israeli-air-force-launches-early-morning-airstrikes-on-smuggling-tunnels-along-gaza-egypt-border-as-well-as-a-hamas-training-camp-in-gaz.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian_
8. [Islamic Jihad militants in the Gaza Strip fire ten mortars at the Eshkol, Sha'ar Hanegev region, and Grad rockets at the Israeli cities of Ashkelon and Beersheba; one person is injured in Beersheba. ](/news/2011/03/23/islamic-jihad-militants-in-the-gaza-strip-fire-ten-mortars-at-the-eshkol-sha-ar-hanegev-region-and-grad-rockets-at-the-israeli-cities-of-a.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian_
9. [Palestinian militants fire two Grad-model Katyusha rockets at Beersheba, Israel; the Israeli Air Force responds with attacks on targets in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2011/02/24/palestinian-militants-fire-two-grad-model-katyusha-rockets-at-beersheba-israel-the-israeli-air-force-responds-with-attacks-on-targets-in-t.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian_
10. [Israeli tanks enter the northern Gaza Strip; some fighting occurs killing one Palestinian and injuring two others in response to Palestinian militants who had detonated an explosive device targeting an army patrol along the border ](/news/2011/01/18/israeli-tanks-enter-the-northern-gaza-strip-some-fighting-occurs-killing-one-palestinian-and-injuring-two-others-in-response-to-palestinian.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian_
