### [2017-08-14](/news/2017/08/14/index.md)

# Aftermath of the Several internet companies, such as domain registrar GoDaddy and video game chat application Discord, shut down services for neo-Nazi, white supremacist, alt-right website ''The Daily Stormer'' for violation of terms of service, and in response to this weekend's violence in Charlottesville, Virginia. 

The internet has long been a gathering place for white supremacists. But in the wake of the Virginia attack, some are reconsidering their willingness to host hate


### Source:

1. [TechCrunch](https://techcrunch.com/2017/08/14/discord-shuts-down-alt-right-server-and-accounts-for-tos-violations/)
2. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2017/aug/14/daily-stormer-alt-right-google-go-daddy-charlottesville)

### Related:

1. [Fights break out between alt-right protestors and left-wing counterprotesters in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the removal of the Robert Edward Lee Sculpture. One person is killed and several people are injured after a man drove his car into a crowd of counterprotesters. ](/news/2017/08/12/fights-break-out-between-alt-right-protestors-and-left-wing-counterprotesters-in-charlottesville-virginia-over-the-removal-of-the-robert-e.md) _Context: 2017 Unite the Right rally, Charlottesville, Virginia, alt-right_
2. [A white supremacist rally called "Unite the Right" takes place in Charlottesville, Virginia. ](/news/2017/08/11/a-white-supremacist-rally-called-unite-the-right-takes-place-in-charlottesville-virginia.md) _Context: 2017 Unite the Right rally, Charlottesville, Virginia_
3. [ Two Neo-Nazi white supremacists are arrested for plotting to assassinate US presidential candidate Barack Obama. ](/news/2008/10/27/two-neo-nazi-white-supremacists-are-arrested-for-plotting-to-assassinate-us-presidential-candidate-barack-obama.md) _Context: neo-Nazi, white supremacist_
4. [ Aftermath of the Several CEOs, including Intel CEO Brian Krzanich, Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank, Merck CEO Kenneth Frazier, and Alliance for American Manufacturing president Scott Paul resign from President Trump's American Manufacturing Council due to their disagreements with Trump's response to the rally. ](/news/2017/08/15/aftermath-of-the-several-ceos-including-intel-ceo-brian-krzanich-under-armour-ceo-kevin-plank-merck-ceo-kenneth-frazier-and-alliance-fo.md) _Context: 2017 Unite the Right rally_
5. [During a protest in Durham, North Carolina, to show solidarity with the events in Charlottesville, Virginia, a Confederate monument was pulled down; a woman has been arrested and charged in connection with the event. ](/news/2017/08/14/during-a-protest-in-durham-north-carolina-to-show-solidarity-with-the-events-in-charlottesville-virginia-a-confederate-monument-was-pull.md) _Context: Charlottesville, Virginia_
6. [German police detain two suspects with over 150kg of pyrotechnic explosives and an IED inscribed with a swastika and SS runes, stating the two may have a connection to a neo-Nazi terrorist group. ](/news/2017/01/14/german-police-detain-two-suspects-with-over-150kg-of-pyrotechnic-explosives-and-an-ied-inscribed-with-a-swastika-and-ss-runes-stating-the-t.md) _Context: neo-Nazi_
7. [White supremacist Thomas Mair is found guilty of the murder of British Member of Parliament Jo Cox and is sentenced to life imprisonment with a whole life order. ](/news/2016/11/23/white-supremacist-thomas-mair-is-found-guilty-of-the-murder-of-british-member-of-parliament-jo-cox-and-is-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-wit.md) _Context: white supremacist_
8. [Suspected Neo-Nazis attack people at a vegan cafe with slabs of meat in Tbilisi, Georgia. ](/news/2016/06/1/suspected-neo-nazis-attack-people-at-a-vegan-cafe-with-slabs-of-meat-in-tbilisi-georgia.md) _Context: neo-Nazi_
9. [Minneapolis, Minnesota (U.S.) police arrest three men suspected of involvement in Monday's  shooting of five people, with non-life-threatening gunshot injuries, who had been protesting the recent police killing of Jamar Clark, a  24-year-old African-American man. Protesters, who had been told to watch out for white supremacists wearing masks or camouflage clothing, said that the shooting occurred after a group of people -- three men and a woman, all wearing ski masks -- were seen filming the protest. The two officers involved in Mr. Clark's shooting are on paid leave during the investigations, including one by the Justice Department's civil rights division. ](/news/2015/11/24/minneapolis-minnesota-u-s-police-arrest-three-men-suspected-of-involvement-in-monday-s-shooting-of-five-people-with-non-life-threateni.md) _Context: white supremacist_
10. [In the United States, the hacking group Anonymous starts releasing names and information about alleged members of the Ku Klux Klan (KKK), a white-supremacist terrorist group originally founded after the Civil War by former Confederate soldiers. Prominent individuals listed deny the allegations. The group says they also infiltrated  KKK-affiliated websites, and warned of more action  culminating on November 24, the anniversary of the Ferguson, Missouri grand jury's decision not to indict. ](/news/2015/11/2/in-the-united-states-the-hacking-group-anonymous-starts-releasing-names-and-information-about-alleged-members-of-the-ku-klux-klan-kkk-a.md) _Context: white supremacist_
