### [2017-08-14](/news/2017/08/14/index.md)

# California and San Francisco sue the United States Federal government over its opposition towards sanctuary cities. 

California is joining two localities already suing over the policy change the Trump administration announced last month: Chicago and San Francisco.


### Source:

1. [Politico](http://www.politico.com/story/2017/08/14/california-trump-sanctuary-city-grant-lawsuit-241623)

### Related:

1. [Four people, including the gunman, are dead, and six injured, after a man opens fire at people in a UPS building in the Potrero Hill neighborhood of San Francisco, California. ](/news/2017/06/14/four-people-including-the-gunman-are-dead-and-six-injured-after-a-man-opens-fire-at-people-in-a-ups-building-in-the-potrero-hill-neighbo.md) _Context: California, San Francisco_
2. [The United States test launch a Minuteman III missile from California to the Marshall Islands. ](/news/2017/04/26/the-united-states-test-launch-a-minuteman-iii-missile-from-california-to-the-marshall-islands.md) _Context: California, United States_
3. [Uber suspends tests of its self-driving cars in San Francisco, California, after the California Department of Motor Vehicles revoked the registration of the vehicles in the state in response to two red-light violations. ](/news/2016/12/21/uber-suspends-tests-of-its-self-driving-cars-in-san-francisco-california-after-the-california-department-of-motor-vehicles-revoked-the-reg.md) _Context: California, San Francisco_
4. [U.S. District Judge Charles R. Breyer in San Francisco approves German automaker Volkswagen $14.7 billion settlement with federal and California regulators and the owners of the 475,000 polluting diesel vehicles over diesel emissions cheating scandal. Volkswagen still faces billions of dollars more in fines and litigation. ](/news/2016/10/25/u-s-district-judge-charles-r-breyer-in-san-francisco-approves-german-automaker-volkswagen-14-7-billion-settlement-with-federal-and-califo.md) _Context: California, San Francisco_
5. [The father of Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While generally free of liability under U.S. law which provides a legal "safe harbor" for content posted, this case targets the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015-paris-massacre-files-suit-in.md) _Context: California, San Francisco_
6. [Lake Mead in Mohave County, Arizona, the largest reservoir in the United States, drops to its lowest level in history, declining to its lowest level since it was filled in the 1930s. The reservoir serves water to the states of Arizona, Nevada and California. ](/news/2016/05/21/lake-mead-in-mohave-county-arizona-the-largest-reservoir-in-the-united-states-drops-to-its-lowest-level-in-history-declining-to-its-lowe.md) _Context: California, United States_
7. [A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carolina.md) _Context: San Francisco, United States_
8. [In the United States, a Lancair IV plane crashes into a car stopped along a highway, 50 miles north of San Diego, California, killing car passenger Antoinette "Toni" Frances Isbelle, a member of the WFTDA's San Diego Starlettes roller derby team. Five others, including the pilot, are hospitalized. ](/news/2016/04/2/in-the-united-states-a-lancair-iv-plane-crashes-into-a-car-stopped-along-a-highway-50-miles-north-of-san-diego-california-killing-car-pa.md) _Context: California, United States_
9. [Uber, in San Francisco, California (U.S.), federal court, says it will pay $28.5 million to settle two lawsuits over misleading background check information. Prosecutors settled a similar lawsuit with competitor Lyft in 2014. ](/news/2016/02/11/uber-in-san-francisco-california-u-s-federal-court-says-it-will-pay-28-5-million-to-settle-two-lawsuits-over-misleading-background-c.md) _Context: California, San Francisco_
10. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: California, United States_
