### [2017-08-14](/news/2017/08/14/index.md)

# During a protest in Durham, North Carolina, to show solidarity with the events in Charlottesville, Virginia, a Confederate monument was pulled down; a woman has been arrested and charged in connection with the event. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2017/08/14/us/confederate-statue-pulled-down-north-carolina-trnd/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Several Confederate monuments are taken down overnight in the city of Baltimore, Maryland, including the Stonewall Jackson and Robert E. Lee Monument, Confederate Soldiers and Sailors Monument, Confederate Women's Monument and the Roger B. Taney sculpture.  The Baltimore City Council unanimously voted to remove the monuments on August 14. ](/news/2017/08/16/several-confederate-monuments-are-taken-down-overnight-in-the-city-of-baltimore-maryland-including-the-stonewall-jackson-and-robert-e-lee.md) _Context: Confederate monuments, Removal of Confederate monuments and memorials_
2. [Aftermath of the 3M CEO Inge Thulin and Campbell CEO Denise Morrison resign from the American Manufacturing Council in protest of Trump's reaction to the alt-right's actions at Charlottesville, Virginia, bringing the total number of resignations this week to 8. ](/news/2017/08/16/aftermath-of-the-3m-ceo-inge-thulin-and-campbell-ceo-denise-morrison-resign-from-the-american-manufacturing-council-in-protest-of-trump-s-re.md) _Context: Charlottesville, Virginia, Unite the Right rally_
3. [Aftermath of the Several internet companies, such as domain registrar GoDaddy and video game chat application Discord, shut down services for neo-Nazi, white supremacist, alt-right website ''The Daily Stormer'' for violation of terms of service, and in response to this weekend's violence in Charlottesville, Virginia. ](/news/2017/08/14/aftermath-of-the-several-internet-companies-such-as-domain-registrar-godaddy-and-video-game-chat-application-discord-shut-down-services-fo.md) _Context: Charlottesville, Virginia, Unite the Right rally_
4. [Fights break out between alt-right protestors and left-wing counterprotesters in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the removal of the Robert Edward Lee Sculpture. One person is killed and several people are injured after a man drove his car into a crowd of counterprotesters. ](/news/2017/08/12/fights-break-out-between-alt-right-protestors-and-left-wing-counterprotesters-in-charlottesville-virginia-over-the-removal-of-the-robert-e.md) _Context: Charlottesville, Virginia, Unite the Right rally_
5. [A white supremacist rally called "Unite the Right" takes place in Charlottesville, Virginia. ](/news/2017/08/11/a-white-supremacist-rally-called-unite-the-right-takes-place-in-charlottesville-virginia.md) _Context: Charlottesville, Virginia, Unite the Right rally_
6. [The 145-year-old Roger B. Taney Monument outside Maryland State House in Annapolis, Maryland, is removed overnight by authorities. Maryland Governor Larry Hogan called on Wednesday for the monument to be taken down immediately. ](/news/2017/08/18/the-145-year-old-roger-b-taney-monument-outside-maryland-state-house-in-annapolis-maryland-is-removed-overnight-by-authorities-maryland.md) _Context: Removal of Confederate monuments and memorials_
7. [Aftermath of the Internet firm CloudFlare ceased CDN support for the neo-Nazi, white supremacist website ''The Daily Stormer'', after The ''Daily Stormer'' claimed that the company supported their cause. ''The Daily Stormer'' website had already lost web-hosting services by the domain register GoDaddy and Google ](/news/2017/08/17/aftermath-of-the-internet-firm-cloudflare-ceased-cdn-support-for-the-neo-nazi-white-supremacist-website-the-daily-stormer-after-the.md) _Context: Unite the Right rally_
8. [Aftermath of the During a press conference at Trump Tower in New York City, which was intended to announce an executive order on infrastructure policy, President Donald Trump defended his August 12 remarks about the Charlottesville rally, placing "blame on both sides" for the incidents at the rally and criticizing what he referred to as the "alt-left," equating them with white supremacists and neo-Nazis on the right. ](/news/2017/08/15/aftermath-of-the-during-a-press-conference-at-trump-tower-in-new-york-city-which-was-intended-to-announce-an-executive-order-on-infrastruct.md) _Context: Unite the Right rally_
9. [In Charlottesville, Virginia, U.S., the prosecution and defense both make their opening statements in the trial of former University of Virginia men's lacrosse player George Huguely on murder charges in the 2010 death of former UVA women's lacrosse player Yeardley Love. ](/news/2012/02/8/in-charlottesville-virginia-u-s-the-prosecution-and-defense-both-make-their-opening-statements-in-the-trial-of-former-university-of-virg.md) _Context: Charlottesville, Virginia_
10. [In Charlottesville, Virginia, U.S., former University of Virginia men's lacrosse player George Huguely is found guilty of second-degree murder in the 2010 death of former UVA women's lacrosse player Yeardley Love. The jury recommends a 26-year prison sentence, with formal sentencing scheduled for April. ](/news/2012/02/22/in-charlottesville-virginia-u-s-former-university-of-virginia-men-s-lacrosse-player-george-huguely-is-found-guilty-of-second-degree-murd.md) _Context: Charlottesville, Virginia_
