### [2017-08-14](/news/2017/08/14/index.md)

# Several internet companies, such as domain registrar GoDaddy and video game chat application Discord, shut down services for neo-Nazi, white supremacist, alt-right website "The Daily Stormer" for violation of terms of service, and in response to this weekend's violence in Charlottesville, Virginia. 

The internet has long been a gathering place for white supremacists. But in the wake of the Virginia attack, some are reconsidering their willingness to host hate


### Source:

1. [TechCrunch](https://techcrunch.com/2017/08/14/discord-shuts-down-alt-right-server-and-accounts-for-tos-violations/)
2. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2017/aug/14/daily-stormer-alt-right-google-go-daddy-charlottesville)
2. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/d5427feb40ab2e826e293b95acee8353a75482b4/0_259_4256_2553/master/4256.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=53b436d8c9f45b8882e1cf32d9322061)

### Related:

1. [Internet firm CloudFlare ceased CDN support for the neo-Nazi, white supremacist website "The Daily Stormer", after The "Daily Stormer" claimed that the company supported their cause. "The Daily Stormer" website had already lost web-hosting services by the domain register GoDaddy and Google ](/news/2017/08/17/internet-firm-cloudflare-ceased-cdn-support-for-the-neo-nazi-white-supremacist-website-the-daily-stormer-after-the-daily-stormer-claim.md) _Context: GoDaddy, The Daily Stormer, Unite the Right rally, neo-Nazi, white supremacist_
2. [3M CEO Inge Thulin and Campbell CEO Denise Morrison resign from the American Manufacturing Council in protest of Trump's reaction to the alt-right's actions at Charlottesville, Virginia, bringing the total number of resignations this week to 8. ](/news/2017/08/16/3m-ceo-inge-thulin-and-campbell-ceo-denise-morrison-resign-from-the-american-manufacturing-council-in-protest-of-trump-s-reaction-to-the-alt.md) _Context: Charlottesville, Virginia, Unite the Right rally, alt-right_
3. [During a protest in Durham, North Carolina, to show solidarity with the events in Charlottesville, Virginia, a Confederate monument was pulled down and destroyed; a woman has been arrested and charged in connection with the event. ](/news/2017/08/14/during-a-protest-in-durham-north-carolina-to-show-solidarity-with-the-events-in-charlottesville-virginia-a-confederate-monument-was-pull.md) _Context: Charlottesville, Virginia, Unite the Right rally_
4. [Fights break out between white supremacists and counterprotesters in Charlottesville, Virginia, over the removal of the Robert Edward Lee Sculpture. One person is killed and several people are injured after a man drove his car into a crowd of counterprotesters. ](/news/2017/08/12/fights-break-out-between-white-supremacists-and-counterprotesters-in-charlottesville-virginia-over-the-removal-of-the-robert-edward-lee-sc.md) _Context: Charlottesville, Virginia, Unite the Right rally_
5. [A white nationalist rally called "Unite the Right" takes place in Charlottesville, Virginia. ](/news/2017/08/11/a-white-nationalist-rally-called-unite-the-right-takes-place-in-charlottesville-virginia.md) _Context: Charlottesville, Virginia, Unite the Right rally_

### Changes:

1. [Internet companies, such as domain registrar GoDaddy and video game chat application Discord, shut down services for neo-Nazi, white supremacist, alt-right website The Daily Stormer for violation of terms of service, and in response to this weekend's violence in Charlottesville, Va. ](/news/2017/08/14/internet-companies-such-as-domain-registrar-godaddy-and-video-game-chat-application-discord-shut-down-services-for-neo-nazi-white-suprema.md) _2017-08-15 03:49:42 (First version)_
2. [Aftermath of the Several internet companies, such as domain registrar GoDaddy and video game chat application Discord, shut down services for neo-Nazi, white supremacist, alt-right website ''The Daily Stormer'' for violation of terms of service, and in response to this weekend's violence in Charlottesville, Virginia. ](/news/2017/08/14/aftermath-of-the-several-internet-companies-such-as-domain-registrar-godaddy-and-video-game-chat-application-discord-shut-down-services-fo.md) _2017-08-25 03:48:21 (Update)_
3. [Aftermath of the Unite the Right rally: Several internet companies, such as domain registrar GoDaddy and video game chat application Discord, shut down services for neo-Nazi, white supremacist, alt-right website "The Daily Stormer" for violation of terms of service, and in response to this weekend's violence in Charlottesville, Virginia. ](/news/2017/08/14/aftermath-of-the-unite-the-right-rally-several-internet-companies-such-as-domain-registrar-godaddy-and-video-game-chat-application-discord.md) _2017-08-27 03:48:48 (Update)_
3. [Several internet companies, such as domain registrar GoDaddy and video game chat application Discord, shut down services for neo-Nazi, white supremacist, alt-right website "The Daily Stormer" for violation of terms of service, and in response to this weekend's violence in Charlottesville, Virginia. ](/news/2017/08/14/several-internet-companies-such-as-domain-registrar-godaddy-and-video-game-chat-application-discord-shut-down-services-for-neo-nazi-white.md) _(Current version)_
