### [2017-08-14](/news/2017/08/14/index.md)

# The Deputy Prime Minister of Australia Barnaby Joyce is revealed to have unknowingly held dual citizenship with New Zealand since his election, which may have rendered him ineligible for candidacy under section 44 of the Constitution of Australia. 

New Zealand&#039;s Prime Minister confirms that unwittingly or not, Barnaby Joyce is a citizen of the nation.


### Source:

1. [ABC (Aus.](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2017-08-14/barnaby-joyce-is-a-new-zealand-citizen-nz-government-confirms/8804620)

### Related:

1. [Deputy Leader of the Australian Greens Scott Ludlam resigns as a Senator after discovering that he holds dual citizenship with New Zealand, making him electorally ineligible under Section 44 of the Constitution of Australia. ](/news/2017/07/14/deputy-leader-of-the-australian-greens-scott-ludlam-resigns-as-a-senator-after-discovering-that-he-holds-dual-citizenship-with-new-zealand.md) _Context: New Zealand, dual citizenship, section 44 of the Constitution of Australia_
2. [Warren Truss, the Deputy Prime Minister of Australia, announces his resignation as the leader of the National Party of Australia. Barnaby Joyce is elected as the new leader with Fiona Nash elected as the new deputy leader. ](/news/2016/02/11/warren-truss-the-deputy-prime-minister-of-australia-announces-his-resignation-as-the-leader-of-the-national-party-of-australia-barnaby-jo.md) _Context: Barnaby Joyce, Deputy Prime Minister of Australia_
3. [Canadian-born Larissa Waters resigns as a Senator, and as deputy leader of the Australian Greens, after discovering she remains a dual citizen of Canada, rendering her election unconstitutional under section 44. The move comes four days after Scott Ludlam, Waters' co-deputy, resigned due to his New Zealand citizenship. ](/news/2017/07/18/canadian-born-larissa-waters-resigns-as-a-senator-and-as-deputy-leader-of-the-australian-greens-after-discovering-she-remains-a-dual-citiz.md) _Context: section 44 of the Constitution of Australia_
4. [Researchers in New Zealand have discovered that the MeNZB vaccine for meningitis may protect against gonorrhea by 30%. ](/news/2017/07/11/researchers-in-new-zealand-have-discovered-that-the-menzb-vaccine-for-meningitis-may-protect-against-gonorrhea-by-30.md) _Context: New Zealand_
5. [Rocket Lab launches its 3D-printed Electron rocket on a test flight from   Mahia Peninsula in New Zealand.  This is the first launch from New Zealand and the first from a private facility. Electron is 17 meters high, is intended for frequent launches of small payloads, and costs $5 million per liftoff. SpaceX's Falcon 9 stands at 70 meters, carries up to  22,800 kilograms to the ISS, and costs $62 million per launch. ](/news/2017/05/25/rocket-lab-launches-its-3d-printed-electron-rocket-on-a-test-flight-from-mahia-peninsula-in-new-zealand-this-is-the-first-launch-from-n.md) _Context: New Zealand_
6. [Severe flooding caused by Cyclone Debbie forces the evacuation of Edgecumbe, New Zealand, and nearby areas. ](/news/2017/04/6/severe-flooding-caused-by-cyclone-debbie-forces-the-evacuation-of-edgecumbe-new-zealand-and-nearby-areas.md) _Context: New Zealand_
7. [A state of emergency is declared and coastal areas are evacuated in the Coromandel Peninsula as Cyclone Cook sweeps across the North Island of New Zealand. ](/news/2017/04/13/a-state-of-emergency-is-declared-and-coastal-areas-are-evacuated-in-the-coromandel-peninsula-as-cyclone-cook-sweeps-across-the-north-island.md) _Context: New Zealand_
8. [New Zealand expels an unnamed United States diplomat after the embassy refused to waive his immunity during a police investigation. ](/news/2017/03/19/new-zealand-expels-an-unnamed-united-states-diplomat-after-the-embassy-refused-to-waive-his-immunity-during-a-police-investigation.md) _Context: New Zealand_
9. [At least eight homes are destroyed as a wildfire rages out of control in the Port Hills, in the southern outskirts of Christchurch, New Zealand. A pilot died when his helicopter crashed while fighting the fire. ](/news/2017/02/15/at-least-eight-homes-are-destroyed-as-a-wildfire-rages-out-of-control-in-the-port-hills-in-the-southern-outskirts-of-christchurch-new-zeal.md) _Context: New Zealand_
10. [Volunteers are working to save the remaining live pilot whales beached at Farewell Spit on New Zealand's South Island. Project Jonah reports that 75 percent of the more than 400 stranded whales are dead. ](/news/2017/02/10/volunteers-are-working-to-save-the-remaining-live-pilot-whales-beached-at-farewell-spit-on-new-zealand-s-south-island-project-jonah-reports.md) _Context: New Zealand_
