### [2016-04-4](/news/2016/04/4/index.md)

# Alaska Airlines announces plans to acquire Virgin America for $4 billion. 




### Related:

1. [ Alaska Airlines: The U.S. Justice Department (DOJ) issues final approval for Alaska Airlines to acquire Virgin America, in a US$2.6 billion dollar merger. In exchange for approval, the DOJ requires Alaska Airlines to reduce its partnership with American Airlines. ](/news/2016/12/6/alaska-airlines-the-u-s-justice-department-doj-issues-final-approval-for-alaska-airlines-to-acquire-virgin-america-in-a-us-2-6-billion.md) _Context: Alaska Airlines, Virgin America_
2. [Unruly aircraft passengers: Alaska Airlines removes 11 passengers from a Juneau, Alaska to Seattle, Washington flight, due to alleged unruly and uncooperative behavior. There were no arrests. ](/news/2017/06/26/unruly-aircraft-passengers-alaska-airlines-removes-11-passengers-from-a-juneau-alaska-to-seattle-washington-flight-due-to-alleged-unruly.md) _Context: Alaska Airlines_
3. [ Seattle-Tacoma International Airport: Airlines serving the regional hub cancel 87 flights into and out of Sea-Tac airport, due to ice on airport runways. Among the affected air carriers, Alaska Airlines has cancelled 35 flights. ](/news/2016/12/6/seattle-tacoma-international-airport-airlines-serving-the-regional-hub-cancel-87-flights-into-and-out-of-sea-tac-airport-due-to-ice-on-ai.md) _Context: Alaska Airlines_
4. [Alaska Airlines cancels 20 flights into and out of Seattle due to inclement weather forecast in the Pacific Northwest area. ](/news/2016/12/5/alaska-airlines-cancels-20-flights-into-and-out-of-seattle-due-to-inclement-weather-forecast-in-the-pacific-northwest-area.md) _Context: Alaska Airlines_
5. [Cuba-United States relations: The United States tentatively approves eight, of 12 that applied, airlines for flights from 10 U.S. cities to Havana as early as this fall: Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, Frontier Airlines, JetBlue Airways, Southwest Airlines, Spirit Airlines, and United Airlines. Last month, flights were approved from five U.S. cities to nine other international airports. ](/news/2016/07/7/cuba-united-states-relations-the-united-states-tentatively-approves-eight-of-12-that-applied-airlines-for-flights-from-10-u-s-cities-t.md) _Context: Alaska Airlines_
6. [U.S. carrier Alaska Airlines reschedules Flight 870 from Anchorage, Alaska, to Honolulu, Hawaii, to depart at 2:00 p.m. local time (23:00 UTC) so passengers can view 2016's only total solar eclipse for 1 minute and 59 seconds, 695 miles north of Honolulu at 37,000 feet. ](/news/2016/03/8/u-s-carrier-alaska-airlines-reschedules-flight-870-from-anchorage-alaska-to-honolulu-hawaii-to-depart-at-2-00-p-m-local-time-23-00-ut.md) _Context: Alaska Airlines_
7. [Alaska Airlines cancels additional flights, due to the ongoing eruption of Mount Pavlof on the Alaska Peninsula. ](/news/2016/03/29/alaska-airlines-cancels-additional-flights-due-to-the-ongoing-eruption-of-mount-pavlof-on-the-alaska-peninsula.md) _Context: Alaska Airlines_
8. [Three aircraft, a Southwest Airlines 737, a Virgin America A319, and a private plane, were all struck by a laser coming from the same direction as they were about to land at Dallas's Love Field, according to the U.S. FAA. ](/news/2015/11/11/three-aircraft-a-southwest-airlines-737-a-virgin-america-a319-and-a-private-plane-were-all-struck-by-a-laser-coming-from-the-same-direct.md) _Context: Virgin America_
9. [Alaska Airlines and its affiliate Horizon Air cancel dozens of flights because of problems with its computer system. ](/news/2011/03/26/alaska-airlines-and-its-affiliate-horizon-air-cancel-dozens-of-flights-because-of-problems-with-its-computer-system.md) _Context: Alaska Airlines_
