### [2016-04-4](/news/2016/04/4/index.md)

# Former New Zealand prime minister Helen Clark is running for Secretary-General of the United Nations, to succeed Ban Ki-moon whose second term expires at the end of this year. Clark, who is the first non-European and fourth woman among the eight announced candidates, was prime minister for nine years (1999-2008) and has been Administrator of the United Nations Development Programme since April 2009. The United Nations Trusteeship Council will begin preliminary meetings with candidates next week in New York City. 

Clark announces candidacy in New York in push to succeed Ban Ki-moon and become first woman to hold the position


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/ex-new-zealand-leader-clark-announces-bid-for-top-un-post/2016/04/04/3b29ebb4-fac3-11e5-813a-90ab563f0dde_story.html)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/apr/05/helen-clark-former-new-zealand-prime-minister-confirms-bid-for-united-nations-top-job)
2. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/48a451aedd9be2b8298ea8b4b124a747d6b0be7a/0_769_1963_1178/master/1963.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=385e04d1d759d35fc299bd96071a7986)

### Related:

1. [At the United Nations General Assembly in New York City, Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon wins a second five-year term by acclamation through applause without a vote after the United Nations Security Council fails to put forward another candidate. ](/news/2011/06/21/at-the-united-nations-general-assembly-in-new-york-city-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-ban-ki-moon-wins-a-second-five-year-term-by.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, New York City, Secretary General_
2. [The United Nations estimates that four million people have become homeless as a result of the 2010 Pakistan floods; Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon, speaking in New York, states that the floods are a "slow-motion tsunami" as he calls for more funds to assist those affected. ](/news/2010/08/19/the-united-nations-estimates-that-four-million-people-have-become-homeless-as-a-result-of-the-2010-pakistan-floods-secretary-general-of-the.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, New York City, Secretary General_
3. [Portugal's Antonio Guterres begins his term as United Nations Secretary-General, replacing South Korea's Ban Ki-moon. ](/news/2017/01/1/portugal-s-anta3nio-guterres-begins-his-term-as-united-nations-secretary-general-replacing-south-korea-s-ban-ki-moon.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, United Nations Secretary-General selection, 2016_
4. [The United Nations Security Council affirms the first step in the election of Portuguese Antonio Guterres as the next Secretary-General of the United Nations. If ratified by the General Assembly, he will take office on January 1, 2017. ](/news/2016/10/5/the-united-nations-security-council-affirms-the-first-step-in-the-election-of-portuguese-anta3nio-guterres-as-the-next-secretary-general-of.md) _Context: Secretary General, United Nations Secretary-General selection, 2016_
5. [United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon temporarily removes the Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen from a U.N. blacklist for violating children's rights because its supporters threatened to stop funding many U.N. programs. ](/news/2016/06/9/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-temporarily-removes-the-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-from-a-u-n-blacklist-for-viola.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
6. [The United Nations Security Council unanimously adopts a resolution setting the stage for the deployment of UN Police to Burundi, where political unrest that has lasted nearly a year killed over 400 people and displaced tens of thousands. The resolution asks Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to present options within 15 days for the deployment of UN police in order to monitor the security situation, promote respect for human rights and advance the rule of law. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-adopts-a-resolution-setting-the-stage-for-the-deployment-of-un-police-to-burundi-where-poli.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
7. [U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says new talks aimed to help end Syria's war shouldn't be held up by wrangling over whether President Bashar Assad stays or goes. ](/news/2015/10/31/u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-new-talks-aimed-to-help-end-syria-s-war-shouldn-t-be-held-up-by-wrangling-over-whether-president-bas.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
8. [U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, during a surprise visit to Jerusalem today, calls for calm ahead of meetings with Israeli and Palestinian leaders in an effort to bring an end to the month-long wave of violence. ](/news/2015/10/20/u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-during-a-surprise-visit-to-jerusalem-today-calls-for-calm-ahead-of-meetings-with-israeli-and-palestinia.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
9. [The Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon calls for a "collective political response" to the crisis as the death toll from the latest boat to sink in the Mediterranean Sea rises to 171. ](/news/2015/08/29/the-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-ban-ki-moon-calls-for-a-collective-political-response-to-the-crisis-as-the-death-toll-from-the.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
10. [Ban Ki-Moon, the Secretary-General of the United Nations, calls for a new investigation into the death of former Secretary-General Dag Hammarskjold in a plane crash after a panel he appointed uncovers new evidence. ](/news/2015/07/6/ban-ki-moon-the-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-calls-for-a-new-investigation-into-the-death-of-former-secretary-general-dag-hamma.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
