### [2016-04-4](/news/2016/04/4/index.md)

# Mexico City authorities declare a pollution alert after smog rose to 1.5 times acceptable limits the day before implementation of the City's new, temporary air quality program that will keep one-fifth of the city's cars at home every weekday. 

MEXICO CITY (AP) — Mexico City authorities have declared a pollution alert after smog rose to 1½ times acceptable limits on the eve of an unpopular new program to reduce the number of cars on the road in hopes of improving…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/d2417d9c70674cd492571091c5aa01ce/pollution-alert-mexico-city-eve-new-driving-rule)

### Related:

1. [A magnitude 7.1 earthquake strikes Mexico, killing at least 220 people and collapsing several buildings in Mexico City and widespread evacuations, hours after a yearly earthquake drill in commemoration of the 1985 Mexico City earthquake. ](/news/2017/09/19/a-magnitude-7-1-earthquake-strikes-mexico-killing-at-least-220-people-and-collapsing-several-buildings-in-mexico-city-and-widespread-evacua.md) _Context: Mexico City_
2. [Socorro Flores Liera, Mexico's deputy foreign minister for Latin America and the Caribbean, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Mexico City, that during the first half of 2017, 1,420 Venezuelans have sought asylum in Mexico, a nearly four-fold jump compared to the 361 total Venezuelan asylum applicants for all of 2016, as the result of Venezuela's deepening political and economic crisis. ](/news/2017/08/4/socorro-flores-liera-mexico-s-deputy-foreign-minister-for-latin-america-and-the-caribbean-speaks-during-an-interview-with-reuters-in-mexic.md) _Context: Mexico City_
3. [An explosion at a fireworks market in the city of Tultepec near Mexico City, kills at least 29 people and injures at least 70 others. Pyrotechnics is a major industry in Tultepec. ](/news/2016/12/20/an-explosion-at-a-fireworks-market-in-the-city-of-tultepec-near-mexico-city-kills-at-least-29-people-and-injures-at-least-70-others-pyrote.md) _Context: Mexico City_
4. [Schools in Delhi and New Delhi close after smog reach toxic levels. The air quality index is 999 with 500 rated as hazardous. ](/news/2016/11/7/schools-in-delhi-and-new-delhi-close-after-smog-reach-toxic-levels-the-air-quality-index-is-999-with-500-rated-as-hazardous.md) _Context: smog_
5. [At least 15 people are killed in an outbreak of heavy smog in the Pakistani province of Punjab. ](/news/2016/11/4/at-least-15-people-are-killed-in-an-outbreak-of-heavy-smog-in-the-pakistani-province-of-punjab.md) _Context: smog_
6. [As many as 412 people have died in the last 23 days due to smog in Tehran, according to Iran's Health Ministry. All schools in the city have also been ordered to close as part of emergency measures. ](/news/2016/11/16/as-many-as-412-people-have-died-in-the-last-23-days-due-to-smog-in-tehran-according-to-iran-s-health-ministry-all-schools-in-the-city-have.md) _Context: smog_
7. [Luis Videgaray Caso resigns as Mexico's finance minister amid fallout over President Enrique Pena Nieto's controversial meeting with U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump in Mexico City. Videgaray is revealed to have been the main advocate of arranging the meeting. ](/news/2016/09/7/luis-videgaray-caso-resigns-as-mexico-s-finance-minister-amid-fallout-over-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-s-controversial-meeting-with-u-s-p.md) _Context: Mexico City_
8. [U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump meets with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto in Mexico City after accepting an invitation from him. ](/news/2016/08/31/u-s-republican-presidential-nominee-donald-trump-meets-with-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-in-mexico-city-after-accepting-an-invitat.md) _Context: Mexico City_
9. [Mexico City, facing the capital's worst air-quality crisis in over a decade, issues a temporary order that all cars remain idle one day a week. Today, authorities report a pollution index of 108 (bad) after low readings during Holy Week. Vehicles will also be forced from the roads one Saturday a month. The measure will begin next Tuesday, April 5, and run until Thursday, June 30, 2016. Starting July 1, improved technology will be in place at smog-check centers where all vehicles must be tested every six months. ](/news/2016/03/30/mexico-city-facing-the-capital-s-worst-air-quality-crisis-in-over-a-decade-issues-a-temporary-order-that-all-cars-remain-idle-one-day-a-we.md) _Context: Mexico City_
10. [The Mexican Federal District is officially renamed to Mexico City (Ciudad de Mexico), and becomes one of the 32 first-level administrative entities of Mexico. [http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jan/29/mexico-city-name-change-federal-district-df ("The Guardian)"]](/news/2016/01/29/the-mexican-federal-district-is-officially-renamed-to-mexico-city-ciudad-de-ma-c-xico-and-becomes-one-of-the-32-first-level-administrative.md) _Context: Mexico City_
