### [2016-04-4](/news/2016/04/4/index.md)

# Nagorno-Karabakh conflict. Armenia-Azerbaijan relations. Armenia will recognize the independence of the breakaway Nagorno-Karabakh Republic from Azerbaijan if military actions there continue, according to Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan. Azerbaijan has resorted to an "unprecedented provocation along the entire perimeter of the contact line" with Nagorno-Karabakh, Sargsyan told a meeting with ambassadors from member states of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, referring to the latest flare-up of the conflict. 

Armenia will recognise the breakaway Nagorno-Karabakh region as independent from Azerbaijan if military actions there continue and take on large scale, Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan said on Monday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-nagorno-karabakh-fighting-independenc-idUKKCN0X118S)

### Related:

1. [Armenian-Azerbaijani border conflict. 2016 Armenian-Azerbaijani clashes. Armenia and Azerbaijan exchange gunfire for the third successive day after an escalation of a dispute over the boundaries between Azerbaijan and the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. ](/news/2016/04/2/armenian-azerbaijani-border-conflict-2016-armenian-azerbaijani-clashes-armenia-and-azerbaijan-exchange-gunfire-for-the-third-successiv.md) _Context: 2016 Armenian-Azerbaijani clashes, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh_
2. [ Armenian Prime Minister Serzh Sargsyan is elected as President in a contest hailed as largely democratic by OSCE and international monitors. ](/news/2008/02/20/armenian-prime-minister-serzh-sargsyan-is-elected-as-president-in-a-contest-hailed-as-largely-democratic-by-osce-and-international-monitors.md) _Context: Armenia, Armenian President, OSCE, Serzh Sargsyan_
3. [Armenian parliamentary election, 2017. Authorities declare that the Republican Party, led by President Serzh Sargsyan, wins the Armenia election amid accusations by opposition parties and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe of voting irregularities. ](/news/2017/04/3/armenian-parliamentary-election-2017-authorities-declare-that-the-republican-party-led-by-president-serzh-sargsyan-wins-the-armenia-elec.md) _Context: Armenia, OSCE, Serzh Sargsyan_
4. [Nagorno-Karabakh conflict. Clashes erupt between Nagorno-Karabakh separatists and Azerbaijani forces in the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh region. The Azerbaijan Ministry of Defense confirmed casualties on its side while the separatist forces claim to have no causalities. Both sides blame each other for the flareup in fighting. ](/news/2017/02/25/nagorno-karabakh-conflict-clashes-erupt-between-nagorno-karabakh-separatists-and-azerbaijani-forces-in-the-disputed-nagorno-karabakh-region.md) _Context: Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh, Nagorno-Karabakh conflict_
5. [Nagorno-Karabakh constitutional referendum, 2017. In a referendum held yesterday in the breakaway state of Nagorno-Karabakh (a region long claimed by both Azerbaijan and Armenia), 87.6% of voters approve changing the country's governance system from semi-presidential to full presidential, therefore abolishing the position of prime minister. ](/news/2017/02/21/nagorno-karabakh-constitutional-referendum-2017-in-a-referendum-held-yesterday-in-the-breakaway-state-of-nagorno-karabakh-a-region-long-c.md) _Context: Armenia, Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh_
6. [Nagorno-Karabakh conflict. 2016 Armenian-Azerbaijani clashes. Azerbaijan calls a unilateral ceasefire in its fight with ethnic Armenians one day after 30 soldiers died. The Associated Press reports rebel forces reject Azerbaijan's claims, saying they see no sign the government has stopped fighting. ](/news/2016/04/3/nagorno-karabakh-conflict-2016-armenian-azerbaijani-clashes-azerbaijan-calls-a-unilateral-ceasefire-in-its-fight-with-ethnic-armenians-o.md) _Context: 2016 Armenian-Azerbaijani clashes, Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh conflict_
7. [2016 Armenian-Azerbaijani clashes. According to officials from the breakaway region of Nagorno-Karabakh, one of their soldiers was killed overnight by Azerbaijani troops. ](/news/2016/04/27/2016-armenian-azerbaijani-clashes-according-to-officials-from-the-breakaway-region-of-nagorno-karabakh-one-of-their-soldiers-was-killed.md) _Context: 2016 Armenian-Azerbaijani clashes, Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh_
8. [Nagorno-Karabakh conflict. Azeri tanks on the front line shell military positions in the breakaway Nagorno-Karabakh Republic for the first time since a Russian-brokered ceasefire ended fighting in 1994. At least one Nagorno-Karabakh Defense Army soldier is killed. ](/news/2015/12/9/nagorno-karabakh-conflict-azeri-tanks-on-the-front-line-shell-military-positions-in-the-breakaway-nagorno-karabakh-republic-for-the-first-t.md) _Context: Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh, Nagorno-Karabakh conflict_
9. [Nagorno-Karabakh conflict. At least four Armenian soldiers are killed following an Azeri attack near the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh region. Yesterday, Azerbaijan shelled several ethnic Armenian villages, leaving three civilians dead. ](/news/2015/09/26/nagorno-karabakh-conflict-at-least-four-armenian-soldiers-are-killed-following-an-azeri-attack-near-the-disputed-nagorno-karabakh-region-y.md) _Context: Armenia, Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh conflict_
10. [Nagorno-Karabakh conflict. 2014 Armenian-Azerbaijani clashes. Four Azerbaijani soldiers are killed in fresh clashes with Armenian groups near the border of the breakaway Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. ](/news/2014/08/3/nagorno-karabakh-conflict-2014-armenian-azerbaijani-clashes-four-azerbaijani-soldiers-are-killed-in-fresh-clashes-with-armenian-groups-n.md) _Context: Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh, Nagorno-Karabakh conflict_
