### [2016-04-4](/news/2016/04/4/index.md)

# The United States Supreme Court unanimously rules the one person, one vote requirement may be satisfied by drawing election districts based on the total population of a place, turning down a legal effort to reinterpret the rule that it be based only on the number of people eligible to vote. 

The constitutional maxim does not require states to use eligible voters when drawing legislative districts.


### Source:

1. [Reuters via CNBC](http://www.cnbc.com/2016/04/04/us-supreme-court-declines-to-take-up-wal-mart-class-action-appeal.html)
2. [The Atlantic](http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2016/04/evenwel-ruling-supreme-court/470280/)
3. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/courts_law/supreme-court-rejects-conservative-bid-to-count-only-eligible-voters-for-districts/2016/04/04/67393e52-fa6f-11e5-9140-e61d062438bb_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Executive Order 13780, "Hawaii v. Trump": The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June order that permits admission to the U.S. of those with a bona fide relationship. ](/news/2017/07/14/executive-order-13780-hawaii-v-trump-the-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
2. [Immigration policy of Donald Trump: The Supreme Court of the United States partially reinstates President Donald Trump's travel ban and invalidates certain injunctions that were put on the order by two federal appeals courts earlier. Final oral hearings concerning the legality of the Executive Order 13780 will be held in October 2017 at the Supreme Court. ](/news/2017/06/26/immigration-policy-of-donald-trump-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-partially-reinstates-president-donald-trump-s-travel-ban-and-inva.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
3. [Freedom of speech in the United States: The Slants win their case with the Supreme Court of the United States that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office's rejection of their trademark under the Lanham Act due to their name being "disparaging" is an unconstitutional violation of their free speech rights under the First Amendment. ](/news/2017/06/19/freedom-of-speech-in-the-united-states-the-slants-win-their-case-with-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-that-the-u-s-patent-and-trade.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
4. [United States immigration ban: The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/united-states-immigration-ban-the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-m.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
5. [North Carolina's congressional districts: The United States Supreme Court rejects two of North Carolina's congressional districts because they violated the Constitution by relying too heavily on race in drawing them. ](/news/2017/05/22/north-carolina-s-congressional-districts-the-united-states-supreme-court-rejects-two-of-north-carolina-s-congressional-districts-because-th.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
6. [Voter ID laws in the United States: The U.S. Supreme Court rules that the North Carolina state legislative members do not have standing to request an appeal of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ruling against a law which it found discriminated against black voters. ](/news/2017/05/15/voter-id-laws-in-the-united-states-the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-the-north-carolina-state-legislative-members-do-not-have-standing-to-r.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
7. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54-45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
8. [The Supreme Court of the United States refuses to vacate a stay of execution issued by the Arkansas Supreme Court. Arkansas's highest court has also put on hold the execution of another inmate, Bruce Ward. The state had planned to execute eight inmates in eleven days. That schedule, as well as the use of the drug midazolam, sparked a broad range of legal challenges and humanitarian concerns about the executions. Today's planned execution of Don W. Davis would have been the state's first since 2005. ](/news/2017/04/18/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-refuses-to-vacate-a-stay-of-execution-issued-by-the-arkansas-supreme-court-arkansas-s-highest-court.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
9. [Legal affairs of Donald Trump: U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyers tell a federal court, in a case alleging negligence and incitement to riot during a 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, that he is "immune from suit because he is President of the United States." A lawyer for the plaintiffs responds that, in "Clinton v. Jones", the Supreme Court found the president could be sued for events that occurred before he took office. ](/news/2017/04/15/legal-affairs-of-donald-trump-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-lawyers-tell-a-federal-court-in-a-case-alleging-negligence-and-incitement-to-r.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
10. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision ("NLRB v. SW General, Inc"), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-preside.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
