### [2016-04-4](/news/2016/04/4/index.md)

# The U.S. Treasury Department announces new regulations to curb tax-avoiding corporate inversions, i.e., where U.S. companies slash their tax bills by claiming a new tax home overseas, though their core operations and management remain in the United States. The pending $160 billion merger of Pfizer Inc. and Allergan, Plc could be cancelled because of these new rules. 

U.S. companies that merge with foreign competitors to reduce their U.S. tax bill now face a third set of new Treasury regulations intended to discourage such activity.


### Source:

1. [CNN Money](http://money.cnn.com/2016/04/04/news/tax-inversion/)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-tax-inversions-idUSKCN0X1299)

### Related:

1. [The Obama Administration through the U.S. Treasury Department will clamp down further on corporate income tax-avoiding inversion deals by U.S. companies with foreign rivals. There is a pending inversion deal between U.S. drug maker Pfizer Inc. and smaller Irish competitor Allergan, Plc. ](/news/2015/11/18/the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-treasury-department-will-clamp-down-further-on-corporate-income-tax-avoiding-inversion-deals-by-u.md) _Context: Allergan, Plc, Pfizer, United States Treasury Department, corporate tax inversions_
2. [Pfizer Inc. decides to terminate its $160 billion merger with Allergan, Plc as officials in Washington crack down on corporate inversions. Pfizer will need to pay a $400 million fee to Allergan for expenses relating to the deal. ](/news/2016/04/5/pfizer-inc-decides-to-terminate-its-160-billion-merger-with-allergan-plc-as-officials-in-washington-crack-down-on-corporate-inversions-p.md) _Context: Allergan, Plc, Pfizer, corporate tax inversions_
3. [The Obama administration's Treasury Department, in a move against corporate tax inversions, enacts regulations to combat a key tax-reduction technique known as earnings stripping. ](/news/2016/10/13/the-obama-administration-s-treasury-department-in-a-move-against-corporate-tax-inversions-enacts-regulations-to-combat-a-key-tax-reduction.md) _Context: United States Treasury Department, corporate tax inversions_
4. [American pharmaceutical companies Pfizer and Allergan, Plc announce plans to merge to form the world's largest drug company. The merger is subject to approval from regulators in the U.S., European Union and elsewhere as well as approval by shareholders of both companies. If approved, the deal will reduce tax revenue paid to the U.S. by approximately $930 million.  ](/news/2015/11/23/american-pharmaceutical-companies-pfizer-and-allergan-plc-announce-plans-to-merge-to-form-the-world-s-largest-drug-company-the-merger-is-s.md) _Context: Allergan, Plc, Pfizer_
5. [The United States Treasury Department imposes sanctions on six Shahid Hemmat Industrial Group satellite companies following a recent Iranian rocket launch that the U.S. says breached  United Nations Security Council Resolution 2231. ](/news/2017/07/28/the-united-states-treasury-department-imposes-sanctions-on-six-shahid-hemmat-industrial-group-satellite-companies-following-a-recent-iranian.md) _Context: United States Treasury Department_
6. [Because of a nationwide shortage of  intravenous sodium bicarbonate (i.e., baking soda solution), United States hospitals are  rationing its use in  heart surgery, chemotherapy, for patients whose blood is too acidic, and  as an antidote to certain poisons. The two primary producers, Amphastar and Pfizer, indicate that supplies will not increase until late June. ](/news/2017/05/22/because-of-a-nationwide-shortage-of-intravenous-sodium-bicarbonate-i-e-baking-soda-solution-united-states-hospitals-are-rationing-its.md) _Context: Pfizer_
7. [The United States Department of the Treasury announces new sanctions against Iran in response to the latter's recent ballistic missile test. Thirteen people and twelve entities with ties to Iran have been affected. ](/news/2017/02/3/the-united-states-department-of-the-treasury-announces-new-sanctions-against-iran-in-response-to-the-latter-s-recent-ballistic-missile-test.md) _Context: United States Treasury Department_
8. [The United States Department of the Treasury eases some sanctions on the Federal Security Service (FSB), allowing for limited transactions with the intelligence agency. The sanctions were put in place last year by Barack Obama over alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election. ](/news/2017/02/2/the-united-states-department-of-the-treasury-eases-some-sanctions-on-the-federal-security-service-fsb-allowing-for-limited-transactions-w.md) _Context: United States Treasury Department_
9. [A United States Treasury official says ISIL has made over $500 million selling oil to Syrian President Bashar Assad's government, and has also sold oil to Turkey. ](/news/2015/12/10/a-united-states-treasury-official-says-isil-has-made-over-500-million-selling-oil-to-syrian-president-bashar-assadas-government-and-has.md) _Context: United States Treasury Department_
10. [The U.S. Treasury Department sanctions Syrian businessman George Haswani who  "serves as a middleman" for oil purchases by the Syrian government from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. His company, an engineering and construction firm, is also sanctioned. ](/news/2015/11/25/the-u-s-treasury-department-sanctions-syrian-businessman-george-haswani-who-serves-as-a-middleman-for-oil-purchases-by-the-syrian-govern.md) _Context: United States Treasury Department_
