### [2017-09-7](/news/2017/09/7/index.md)

# Fifteen states sue the Trump administration over potential violations of the Due Process Clause as a result of actions concerning the rescindment of the DACA program. 




### Source:

1. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/09/07/549047054/states-sue-to-block-daca-termination-citing-trumps-racial-animus)

### Related:

1. [California, Maine, Maryland and Minnesota sue the Trump administraion over the termination of DACA. ](/news/2017/09/11/california-maine-maryland-and-minnesota-sue-the-trump-administraion-over-the-termination-of-daca.md) _Context: Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals, Trump administraion_
2. [The University of California files a lawsuit against the potential termination of the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals programme which may affect more than 4,000 students. ](/news/2017/09/8/the-university-of-california-files-a-lawsuit-against-the-potential-termination-of-the-deferred-action-for-childhood-arrivals-programme-which.md) _Context: Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals_
3. [The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit rejects the Trump administration arguments regarding the travel ban on grandparents, cousins and others with a "bona fide" relationship in the United States. ](/news/2017/09/7/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth-circuit-rejects-the-trump-administration-arguments-regarding-the-travel-ban-on-grandparents.md) _Context: Trump administraion_
4. [Fifteen states and the District of Columbia file suit challenging President Donald Trump's decision to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program, arguing, in part, that federal government has reneged on the promise to protect young immigrants who came forward and registered with the government. ](/news/2017/09/6/fifteen-states-and-the-district-of-columbia-file-suit-challenging-president-donald-trumpas-decision-to-end-the-deferred-action-for-childho.md) _Context: Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals_
5. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals_
6. [The Trump Administration announces that, during the next six months, it will be ending the DACA program that has halted the deportation of about 800,000 people who were brought to the U.S. illegally as children. Congress is called upon to pass legislation to correct the situation. ](/news/2017/09/5/the-trump-administration-announces-that-during-the-next-six-months-it-will-be-ending-the-daca-program-that-has-halted-the-deportation-of-a.md) _Context: Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals_
7. [Paul Ryan (R-WI), U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives, urges President Donald Trump not to rescind the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) program that protects immigrants who illegally entered the U.S. as children from deportation. ](/news/2017/09/1/paul-ryan-r-wi-u-s-speaker-of-the-house-of-representatives-urges-president-donald-trump-not-to-rescind-the-deferred-action-for-childhoo.md) _Context: Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals_
8. [The U.S. Southern District of Alabama strikes down the state ban on same-sex marriage in Alabama, saying it has violated equal protection and due process rights. Alabama becomes the thirty-seventh state where such marriage is legalized. ](/news/2015/01/23/the-u-s-southern-district-of-alabama-strikes-down-the-state-ban-on-same-sex-marriage-in-alabama-saying-it-has-violated-equal-protection-an.md) _Context: Due Process Clause_
9. [In the United States, Senator Rand Paul ends a 13-hour filibuster to block voting on the nomination of John O. Brennan as the Director of the CIA, questioning President Barack Obama and his administration's use of drones, and the stated legal justification for hypothetical lethal use within the United States targeting against noncombatants. Attorney General Eric Holder states that combat drones would not be used to target and kill, without due process, Americans not engaged in combat on American soil. ](/news/2013/03/7/in-the-united-states-senator-rand-paul-ends-a-13-hour-filibuster-to-block-voting-on-the-nomination-of-john-o-brennan-as-the-director-of-th.md) _Context: Due Process Clause_
