### [2017-09-7](/news/2017/09/7/index.md)

# Irma has killed at least 14 people. The storm, still at Category 5 strength with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h), is moving west-northwest at 16 mph (26 km/h). It has reached the dual-country island of Hispaniola and is forecast to pass over the Turks and Caicos Islands as it heads towards The Bahamas and Cuba. The eye did not directly hit Puerto Rico; still casualties are reported and around two-thirds of its 3.4 million population are without electricity. 

Hurricane Irma strengthened and made landfall in Cuba on Friday as a Category 5 storm, as millions of Florida residents were ordered to evacuate after the storm killed 21 people in the eastern Caribbean and left catastrophic destruction in its wake.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-41194959)
2. [Georgia's Irma page](http://irma.georgia.org/hurricane/)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-storm-irma-nuclearpower/florida-nuclear-plants-to-shut-ahead-of-hurricane-irma-idUSKCN1BI2IA)
4. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-storm-irma/millions-in-florida-evacuate-as-hurricane-irma-pounds-cuba-idUSKCN1BG0KL?il=0)
5. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/national/2017/live-updates/weather/hurricane-irma-a-monster-storms-devastating-path/)
6. [eTurboNews](https://eturbonews.com/163821/georgia-governor-nathan-deal-hurricane-irma-mandatory-evacuation-order)
6. [Cover Image](https://s1.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20170908&t=2&i=1200523647&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXNPED870KA)

### Related:

1. [Hurricane Irma makes landfall in Cuba. The death toll across the Caribbean is at least 25 people, ](/news/2017/09/9/hurricane-irma-makes-landfall-in-cuba-the-death-toll-across-the-caribbean-is-at-least-25-people.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Cuba, Hurricane Irma_
2. [Hurricane Irma strengthens to a maximum Category 5 hurricane, becoming the strongest Atlantic hurricane since 2005's Hurricane Wilma in terms of maximum sustained winds, described as "extremely dangerous." The National Hurricane Center (NHC) predicts that Irma could strengthen even more due to favorable conditions. ](/news/2017/09/5/hurricane-irma-strengthens-to-a-maximum-category-5-hurricane-becoming-the-strongest-atlantic-hurricane-since-2005-s-hurricane-wilma-in-term.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Category 5, Hurricane Irma_
3. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-km-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Irma, Puerto Rico_
4. [Maria, now a Category 3 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 125 mph (205 km/h), is passing offshore of the northern coast of the Dominican Republic, expected to impact the Turks and Caicos Islands and southeastern Bahamas later tonight and Friday. ](/news/2017/09/21/maria-now-a-category-3-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-125-mph-205-km-h-is-passing-offshore-of-the-northern-coast-of-the-domin.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Bahamas, Turks and Caicos Islands_
5. [Hurricane Irma makes first landfall on Barbuda, Saint Martin, and Anguilla in the northeastern Leeward Islands. Irma has maintained 185 mph winds for 24 hours, setting another record for Atlantic and eastern Pacific storms. ](/news/2017/09/6/hurricane-irma-makes-first-landfall-on-barbuda-saint-martin-and-anguilla-in-the-northeastern-leeward-islands-irma-has-maintained-185-mph.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Irma_
6. [Puerto Rican officials request aid from the United States federal government for welfare in the aftermath of the hurricane-induced humanitarian crisis on the island. ](/news/2017/09/25/puerto-rican-officials-request-aid-from-the-united-states-federal-government-for-welfare-in-the-aftermath-of-the-hurricane-induced-humanitar.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Puerto Rico_
7. [Tens of thousands of people in northern Puerto Rico are ordered to evacuate after floodwaters from Hurricane Maria damage the Guajataca Dam. ](/news/2017/09/22/tens-of-thousands-of-people-in-northern-puerto-rico-are-ordered-to-evacuate-after-floodwaters-from-hurricane-maria-damage-the-guajataca-dam.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Puerto Rico_
8. [  Hurricane Maria makes landfall on Puerto Rico as a Category 4 hurricane. Effects are disastrous and the entire island loses power. Seven deaths are reported on Puerto Rico, along with two on Guadeloupe. Puerto Rican Governor Ricardo Rossello declares a 6:00 p.m. to 6:00 a.m. curfew through Saturday. ](/news/2017/09/20/hurricane-maria-makes-landfall-on-puerto-rico-as-a-category-4-hurricane-effects-are-disastrous-and-the-entire-island-loses-power-seven-d.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Puerto Rico_
9. [Hurricane Maria reaches Category 5 as it threatens the Leeward Islands, Puerto Rico, and the Dominican Republic. ](/news/2017/09/18/hurricane-maria-reaches-category-5-as-it-threatens-the-leeward-islands-puerto-rico-and-the-dominican-republic.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Puerto Rico_
10. [Hurricane Maria has been upgraded from a tropical storm to a Category 1 hurricane. Hurricane watches and warnings have been issued in parts of the Caribbean. It is following a path similar to Category 5 Hurricane Irma which left at least 82 dead. ](/news/2017/09/17/hurricane-maria-has-been-upgraded-from-a-tropical-storm-to-a-category-1-hurricane-hurricane-watches-and-warnings-have-been-issued-in-parts.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Irma_
