### [2017-09-7](/news/2017/09/7/index.md)

# Spain plans to sue leading members of the Catalan Parliament over the proposed independence referendum in Catalonia. 

Members of Catalonia&#39;s parliament who voted in favour of a referendum on independence set to face legal challenge.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-41196677)
2. [Irish Independent](http://www.independent.ie/world-news/europe/spanish-court-suspends-catalonia-independence-vote-plan-36111316.html)
3. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-spain-politics-catalonia/spain-blocks-catalan-independence-vote-threatens-charges-idUSKCN1BI1GQ)
4. [al-Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/09/spain-bring-charges-catalan-parliamentarians-170907114832071.html)

### Related:

1. [A last minute presentation to the parliament of Catalonia results in the formal approval of a referendum concerning independence from Spain. Though the country's president urges the government to ignore the bill, parliament is expected to vote in favor of an independence vote. ](/news/2017/09/6/a-last-minute-presentation-to-the-parliament-of-catalonia-results-in-the-formal-approval-of-a-referendum-concerning-independence-from-spain.md) _Context: Catalonia, independence referendum_
2. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Catalonia, Spain_
3. [In Sunday's elections, Spain's center-right ruling People's Party (PP) wins 123 seats (35.1%), and the center-left Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) takes 90 (25.7%) of the 350 seats in parliament, thereby ending Spain's two-party system since neither major party won an absolute majority. Turnout was 73 percent. Spain's new political forces, Podemos and Ciudadanos (C's), get 69 and 40 seats, respectively. Smaller parties split the remaining 28 seats, 17 to Catalonia parties which favor secession. It appears that a coalition government will be necessary. PSOE has declined to join the PP, which actually doesn't want that either. King Felipe, who ascended the throne in June 2014, is constitutionally empowered to mediate. ](/news/2015/12/21/in-sunday-s-elections-spain-s-center-right-ruling-people-s-party-pp-wins-123-seats-35-1-and-the-center-left-socialist-workers-party.md) _Context: Catalonia, Spain_
4. [The Catalan Parliament passes a resolution calling for the Catalonian region to secede from Spain. Spanish prime minister Mariano Rajoy says his government will seek to invalidate the motion with an appeal to the Constitutional Court in the coming days. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-catalan-parliament-passes-a-resolution-calling-for-the-catalonian-region-to-secede-from-spain-spanish-prime-minister-mariano-rajoy-says.md) _Context: Catalonia, Spain_
5. [Pro-independence Catalan leaders vowed to continue their efforts to secede from Spain, defying a ruling by the Madrid-based constitutional court that suspended a law defining a path for independence. ](/news/2015/11/11/pro-independence-catalan-leaders-vowed-to-continue-their-efforts-to-secede-from-spain-defying-a-ruling-by-the-madrid-based-constitutional-c.md) _Context: Catalonia, Spain_
6. [Voters in the Spanish province of Catalonia go to the polls for regional elections with nationalist parties to gain a majority which they claim will allow them to declare independence. ](/news/2015/09/27/voters-in-the-spanish-province-of-catalonia-go-to-the-polls-for-regional-elections-with-nationalist-parties-to-gain-a-majority-which-they-cl.md) _Context: Catalonia, Spain_
7. [Artur Mas i Gavarr, the President of the Spanish region of Catalonia, authorises a referendum on independence on November 9 despite the opposition of the Government of Spain. ](/news/2014/09/27/artur-mas-i-gavarro-the-president-of-the-spanish-region-of-catalonia-authorises-a-referendum-on-independence-on-november-9-despite-the-opp.md) _Context: Catalonia, Spain_
8. [According to reports in Catalonia, Argentine football star Lionel Messi has paid EUR10 million in Spanish back taxes for 2010 and 2011, and is looking to settle a claimed tax liability of EUR4.1 million for the 2007-2009 period that is the subject of a current investigation. ](/news/2013/06/24/according-to-reports-in-catalonia-argentine-football-star-lionel-messi-has-paid-a-10-million-in-spanish-back-taxes-for-2010-and-2011-and.md) _Context: Catalonia, Spain_
9. [Voters in Catalonia, Spain, go to the polls for parliamentary elections. ](/news/2010/11/28/voters-in-catalonia-spain-go-to-the-polls-for-parliamentary-elections.md) _Context: Catalonia, Spain_
10. [The Spanish autonomous community of Catalonia bans bullfighting, the first region on the mainland to do so. ](/news/2010/07/28/the-spanish-autonomous-community-of-catalonia-bans-bullfighting-the-first-region-on-the-mainland-to-do-so.md) _Context: Catalonia, Spain_
