### [2017-09-7](/news/2017/09/7/index.md)

# The Philippine Senate investigates Paolo Duterte, the son of current Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte, in an alleged methamphetamine smuggling scandal. 

Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte’s son denied any involvement in a drug smuggling case that is captivating the nation.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-09-07/duterte-s-son-denies-meth-smuggling-claims-as-case-rivets-manila)

### Related:

1. [A former militiaman claims while testifying at a hearing by the Philippine Senate that President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte ordered the deaths of criminals and political opponents, allegedly Leila de Lima, critic and journalist Juan Pala, and unidentified Filipino Muslims in 1993, while he was mayor of Davao City. The witness also revealed that Duterte's son Paolo may also have been involved in the murders as an accomplice to his father. ](/news/2016/09/15/a-former-militiaman-claims-while-testifying-at-a-hearing-by-the-philippine-senate-that-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-ordered.md) _Context: Paolo Duterte, Philippine Senate, Rodrigo Duterte, president_
2. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte suspends the war on drugs so resources can focus on ridding "corrupt" officers from the Philippine National Police. The "cause celebre" is the kidnapping and strangulation of South Korean businessman Jee Ick-joo last October. ](/news/2017/01/30/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-suspends-the-war-on-drugs-so-resources-can-focus-on-ridding-acorrupta-officers-from-the-philippine.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Rodrigo Duterte, president_
3. [Datu Saudi-Ampatuan mayor Samsudin Dimaukom, publicly accused by Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte of involvement in the illegal drug trade, is killed, along with nine others, by Philippine police at a highway checkpoint in what police describe as an anti-drug operation. ](/news/2016/10/28/datu-saudi-ampatuan-mayor-samsudin-dimaukom-publicly-accused-by-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-of-involvement-in-the-illegal-drug-tra.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Rodrigo Duterte, president_
4. [With 2,400 people dead so far, Rodrigo Duterte, the President of the Philippines, says that "plenty will be killed" in the war against drugs. ](/news/2016/09/5/with-2-400-people-dead-so-far-rodrigo-duterte-the-president-of-the-philippines-says-that-plenty-will-be-killed-in-the-war-against-drugs.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Rodrigo Duterte, president_
5. [U.S. President Barack Obama cancels a scheduled meeting with the President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, after Duterte referred to Obama as a "son of a whore", while adding "I am no American puppet", in response to Obama's recent criticism of his war on drugs. ](/news/2016/09/5/u-s-president-barack-obama-cancels-a-scheduled-meeting-with-the-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-after-duterte-referred-to-ob.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Rodrigo Duterte, president_
6. [Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte urges Filipino citizens to murder people suspected of using illegal drugs. ](/news/2016/07/1/philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-urges-filipino-citizens-to-murder-people-suspected-of-using-illegal-drugs.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Rodrigo Duterte, president_
7. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte abolishes the Negros Island Region (first created in 2015 by his predecessor) through Executive Order no. 38, citing lack of funds to fully establish the region. Negros Occidental reverts back to the Western Visayas region, Negros Oriental back to the Central Visayas region. ](/news/2017/08/9/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-abolishes-the-negros-island-region-first-created-in-2015-by-his-predecessor-through-executive.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, president_
8. [The Philippine senate investigates the shooting of a 17-year old male student seemingly connected to the ongoing drug war. ](/news/2017/08/24/the-philippine-senate-investigates-the-shooting-of-a-17-year-old-male-student-seemingly-connected-to-the-ongoing-drug-war.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippine Senate_
9. [Senate Majority Leader Vicente "Tito" Sotto III has lashed out at UN special rapporteurs headed by Agnes Callamard, in his privilege speech calling them "helicopter experts" for offering "solutions" to a decades-old problem of a country "they are not even familiar with". ](/news/2017/08/14/senate-majority-leader-vicente-tito-sotto-iii-has-lashed-out-at-un-special-rapporteurs-headed-by-agnes-callamard-in-his-privilege-speech.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippine Senate_
10. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-law-in-the-whole-philippines-two.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, president_
