### [2010-01-19](/news/2010/01/19/index.md)

# Iran rejects a deal offered by the International Atomic Energy Agency to exchange low-enriched uranium for nuclear fuel. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/8469332.stm)

### Related:

1. [The International Atomic Energy Agency states that Iran has complied with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, paving the way for international sanctions to be lifted by the United States and European Union. ](/news/2016/01/16/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-states-that-iran-has-complied-with-its-commitments-under-the-joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-pavi.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, Iran, nuclear scientist_
2. [The International Atomic Energy Agency begins a new round of talks with Iran over their nuclear program. ](/news/2013/02/13/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-begins-a-new-round-of-talks-with-iran-over-their-nuclear-program.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, Iran, nuclear scientist_
3. [Yukiya Amano, the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), urges Iran to grant IAEA inspectors immediate access to its contentious suspected nuclear facility in Parchin. ](/news/2012/09/10/yukiya-amano-the-head-of-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-iaea-urges-iran-to-grant-iaea-inspectors-immediate-access-to-its-content.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, Iran, nuclear scientist_
4. [Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad says the International Atomic Energy Agency report is based on "empty claims" and that Iran would not budge from its nuclear program despite allegations it may be trying to develop nuclear weapons; European countries and the US say they will consider fresh sanctions against Iran. ](/news/2011/11/9/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-says-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-report-is-based-on-empty-claims-and-that-iran-would-not.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, Iran, nuclear scientist_
5. [United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton demands that Iran respond soon to the "serious concerns" raised by the International Atomic Energy Agency report that Iran appeared to be working on nuclear bomb technology. ](/news/2011/11/12/united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-demands-that-iran-respond-soon-to-the-serious-concerns-raised-by-the-international-atomic.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, Iran, nuclear scientist_
6. [The Iranian government says the International Atomic Energy Agency spies on its nuclear program and reiterates its belief that the CIA, Mossad and MI6 murdered Majid Shahriari earlier this week. ](/news/2010/12/4/the-iranian-government-says-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-spies-on-its-nuclear-program-and-reiterates-its-belief-that-the-cia-moss.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, Iran, nuclear scientist_
7. [Iran bans two International Atomic Energy Agency weapons inspectors from entering the country claiming they had leaked false information about Iran's nuclear program. ](/news/2010/06/21/iran-bans-two-international-atomic-energy-agency-weapons-inspectors-from-entering-the-country-claiming-they-had-leaked-false-information-abo.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, Iran, nuclear scientist_
8. [In the International Atomic Energy Agency's report before the United Nations Security Council votes on sanctions against Iran, international nuclear inspectors state that Iran has now produced a stockpile of nuclear fuel that would be enough, with further enrichment, to make two nuclear weapons, and it appears to bolster the Obama administration's case for a fourth round of economic sanctions against Iran. ](/news/2010/05/31/in-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-s-report-before-the-united-nations-security-council-votes-on-sanctions-against-iran-international.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, Iran, nuclear fuel_
9. [International Atomic Energy Agency says Iran could be making nuclear warheads. ](/news/2010/02/19/international-atomic-energy-agency-says-iran-could-be-making-nuclear-warheads.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, Iran, nuclear scientist_
10. [ The International Atomic Energy Agency releases a report accusing Iran of hiding information about alleged studies of producing nuclear warheads and defying demands to suspend its uranium enrichment. ](/news/2008/05/26/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-releases-a-report-accusing-iran-of-hiding-information-about-alleged-studies-of-producing-nuclear-war.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, Iran, nuclear scientist_
