### [2008-06-5](/news/2008/06/5/index.md)

#  An Irish opinion poll shows the EU Treaty of Lisbon heading for defeat. 




### Source:

1. [The Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/frontpage/2008/0606/1212696236403.html)

### Related:

1. [ Bruessel/EU:In European media, journalists report that some US politicians and military personnel supported with financial help the Anti-Europe Movement in Ireland against the Treaty of Lisbon. ](/news/2008/09/18/bruessel-eu-in-european-media-journalists-report-that-some-us-politicians-and-military-personnel-supported-with-financial-help-the-anti-eu.md) _Context: European Union, Ireland, Treaty of Lisbon_
2. [ French foreign minister Bernard Kouchner warns Ireland, saying the Irish would be the "first victim" if they reject the EU Treaty of Lisbon. ](/news/2008/06/9/french-foreign-minister-bernard-kouchner-warns-ireland-saying-the-irish-would-be-the-first-victim-if-they-reject-the-eu-treaty-of-lisbon.md) _Context: European Union, Ireland, Treaty of Lisbon_
3. [ Irish voters go to the polls for the Twenty-eighth Amendment of the Constitution of Ireland to enable ratification of the Treaty of Lisbon of the European Union. ](/news/2008/06/12/irish-voters-go-to-the-polls-for-the-twenty-eighth-amendment-of-the-constitution-of-ireland-to-enable-ratification-of-the-treaty-of-lisbon.md) _Context: European Union, Ireland, Treaty of Lisbon_
4. [ A TNS/MRBI Irish Times opinion poll predicts that Ireland, previously seen as certain to vote "yes", is likely to vote "no" in its planned referendum on the European Constitution. Only 30% of voters indicated that they would vote for the constitution, the lowest level in any country in the European Union to date. ](/news/2005/06/14/a-tns-mrbi-irish-times-opinion-poll-predicts-that-ireland-previously-seen-as-certain-to-vote-yes-is-likely-to-vote-no-in-its-planned.md) _Context: European Union, Ireland, opinion poll_
5. [The European Union orders Apple to pay up to 13 billion euros in back taxes to Ireland. A three-year investigation by the EU's competition commissioner concludes that Apple received "illegal state aid" from Ireland, the EU order that Apple pay 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion), and, in addition, also interest and unpaid taxes. ](/news/2016/08/30/the-european-union-orders-apple-to-pay-up-to-13-billion-euros-in-back-taxes-to-ireland-a-three-year-investigation-by-the-eu-s-competition-c.md) _Context: European Union, Ireland_
6. [European Parliament election, 2014:: Voters in the European Union go to the polls for a multi-day European Parliamentary election. Voters in Ireland and the Czech Republic vote today. ](/news/2014/05/23/european-parliament-election-2014-voters-in-the-european-union-go-to-the-polls-for-a-multi-day-european-parliamentary-election-voters-in.md) _Context: European Union, Ireland_
7. [In his Christmas Day message, Sean Brady, the controversial head of Ireland's Catholic hierarchy, calls upon his flock to continue their opposition to abortion. In the wake of the death of Savita Halappanavar, the Indian dentist recently denied an abortion of her dying foetus by Ireland's conservative laws, the country's government is once again to attempt to legislate for the 1992 X Case in the coming year, with Ireland the only remaining EU state to outlaw the procedure. ](/news/2012/12/25/in-his-christmas-day-message-sea-n-brady-the-controversial-head-of-ireland-s-catholic-hierarchy-calls-upon-his-flock-to-continue-their-op.md) _Context: European Union, Ireland_
8. [Ireland's parliament approved a controversial budget package at the behest of the International Monetary Fund, aimed at shoring up Ireland's banks while getting the country's budget deficit within European Union limits. ](/news/2010/12/14/ireland-s-parliament-approved-a-controversial-budget-package-at-the-behest-of-the-international-monetary-fund-aimed-at-shoring-up-ireland-s.md) _Context: European Union, Ireland_
9. [EU finance ministers downplay the importance of talks on a potential bailout for Ireland, claiming that no detailed discussions were held on the issue ](/news/2010/11/17/eu-finance-ministers-downplay-the-importance-of-talks-on-a-potential-bailout-for-ireland-claiming-that-no-detailed-discussions-were-held-on.md) _Context: European Union, Ireland_
10. [European Union leaders agree to reform of the Treaty of Lisbon to keep member states budget deficits in line at a two-day summit in Brussels, Belgium. ](/news/2010/10/29/european-union-leaders-agree-to-reform-of-the-treaty-of-lisbon-to-keep-member-states-budget-deficits-in-line-at-a-two-day-summit-in-brussels.md) _Context: European Union, Treaty of Lisbon_
