### [2007-08-2](/news/2007/08/2/index.md)

#  Two aides of al Qaeda and Taliban are arrested at different places in Pakistan. 




### Related:

1. [ United States Secretary of Defense Robert Gates says the U.S. is "ready and willing" to send troops to Pakistan to combat al-Qaeda and the Taliban. ](/news/2008/01/25/united-states-secretary-of-defense-robert-gates-says-the-u-s-is-ready-and-willing-to-send-troops-to-pakistan-to-combat-al-qaeda-and-the.md) _Context: Pakistan, Taliban, al-Qaeda_
2. [ Pakistan raises concerns about a draft bill adopted by the United States Congress that ties United States foreign aid to progress in the fight against Al Qaeda and the Taliban. ](/news/2007/07/28/pakistan-raises-concerns-about-a-draft-bill-adopted-by-the-united-states-congress-that-ties-united-states-foreign-aid-to-progress-in-the-fi.md) _Context: Pakistan, Taliban, al-Qaeda_
3. [ Khurshid Kasuri, the Foreign Minister of Pakistan warns the United States that it would be completely counterproductive" to launch a strike against Al Qaeda and Taliban positions in the tribal areas of Pakistan. ](/news/2007/07/22/khurshid-kasuri-the-foreign-minister-of-pakistan-warns-the-united-states-that-it-would-be-completely-counterproductive-to-launch-a-strike.md) _Context: Pakistan, Taliban, al-Qaeda_
4. [ Vice President of the United States Dick Cheney makes surprise visits to Pakistan and Afghanistan to encourage President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf and President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai to increase border security between the two countries and to take further action against the Taliban and al-Qaeda. ](/news/2007/02/26/vice-president-of-the-united-states-dick-cheney-makes-surprise-visits-to-pakistan-and-afghanistan-to-encourage-president-of-pakistan-pervez.md) _Context: Pakistan, Taliban, al-Qaeda_
5. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Taliban, al-Qaeda_
6. [ Unidentified gunmen shoot dead Khurram Zaki, a Pakistani rights activist known for speaking out against the Taliban. ](/news/2016/05/8/unidentified-gunmen-shoot-dead-khurram-zaki-a-pakistani-rights-activist-known-for-speaking-out-against-the-taliban.md) _Context: Pakistan, Taliban_
7. [ War in Afghanistan. The Taliban leadership council reportedly meets to determine a successor to Mullah Akhtar Mansour, killed this weekend during an American drone strike in Pakistan. ](/news/2016/05/23/war-in-afghanistan-the-taliban-leadership-council-reportedly-meets-to-determine-a-successor-to-mullah-akhtar-mansour-killed-this-weekend.md) _Context: Pakistan, Taliban_
8. [Taliban insurgency. The Taliban's Qatar office confirms its leaders are in Pakistan to talk about Afghan refugees and the release of prisoners. The representative did not say if the delegation will discuss the peace process. ](/news/2016/04/27/taliban-insurgency-the-taliban-s-qatar-office-confirms-its-leaders-are-in-pakistan-to-talk-about-afghan-refugees-and-the-release-of-prisone.md) _Context: Pakistan, Taliban_
9. [Afghanistan-Pakistan relations. Taliban insurgency. Afghanistan President Ashraf Ghani says Pakistan must take military action against Taliban, operating from Pakistan, who are waging an increasingly deadly insurgency across his country. Otherwise, "... we will be forced to turn to the UN Security Council and start serious diplomatic efforts.- ](/news/2016/04/25/afghanistan-pakistan-relations-taliban-insurgency-afghanistan-president-ashraf-ghani-says-pakistan-must-take-military-action-against-tal.md) _Context: Pakistan, Taliban_
10. [Taliban insurgency. The Afghan Taliban releases a statement rejecting peace talks with the government of Afghanistan until foreign forces stop attacking their positions and withdraw from the country. Direct peace talks between the government and the Taliban were expected to take place in Islamabad, Pakistan next week. ](/news/2016/03/5/taliban-insurgency-the-afghan-taliban-releases-a-statement-rejecting-peace-talks-with-the-government-of-afghanistan-until-foreign-forces-st.md) _Context: Pakistan, Taliban_
