### [2007-07-28](/news/2007/07/28/index.md)

#  The President of the United States George W. Bush urges Congress to pass legislation to expand potential surveillance targets. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601103&sid=aNO.ihVL7fOo&refer=us)

### Related:

1. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush calls on the United States Congress to approve a $US700 million food aid package to help relieve the 2007-2008 world food price crisis. ](/news/2008/05/1/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-calls-on-the-united-states-congress-to-approve-a-us700-million-food-aid-package-to-help.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, United States Congress_
2. [ The United States Congress approves a $168 billion economic stimulus package and sends it to President George W. Bush for his approval. ](/news/2008/02/7/the-united-states-congress-approves-a-168-billion-economic-stimulus-package-and-sends-it-to-president-george-w-bush-for-his-approval.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, United States Congress_
3. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush asks the United States Congress for $189.3 billion to fund the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2007/10/22/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-asks-the-united-states-congress-for-189-3-billion-to-fund-the-wars-in-iraq-and-afghanist.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, United States Congress_
4. [ A coalition of citizen groups will ask United States Congress to file a formal "Resolution of Inquiry", the first necessary legal step to determine whether U.S. President George W. Bush has committed impeachable offenses. The request, written by Boston constitutional attorney John C. Bonifaz, cites the Downing Street memo and issues surrounding the planning and execution of the Iraq war. ](/news/2005/05/26/a-coalition-of-citizen-groups-will-ask-united-states-congress-to-file-a-formal-resolution-of-inquiry-the-first-necessary-legal-step-to-d.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, United States Congress_
5. [Presidency of Donald Trump: Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution-s emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/presidency-of-donald-trump-nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-cl.md) _Context: President, United States Congress_
6. [Members of the U.S. Congress reach a spending deal that, once passed by both houses, will prevent a year-end government shutdown and will fund Fiscal Year 2016 federal government operations. President Barack Obama signs a separate bipartisan bill that extends government funding through Tuesday, December 22. ](/news/2015/12/16/members-of-the-u-s-congress-reach-a-spending-deal-that-once-passed-by-both-houses-will-prevent-a-year-end-government-shutdown-and-will-fu.md) _Context: President, United States Congress_
7. [ "Zivotofsky v. Clinton" / "Zivotofsky v. Kerry": The Supreme Court of the United States decides 6-3 to strike down a law passed by the United States Congress allowing people born in Jerusalem to list Israel as their birthplace in their passports, on the grounds that it is the President's prerogative to extend recognition of sovereignty in matters of foreign affairs.](/news/2015/06/8/zivotofsky-v-clinton-zivotofsky-v-kerry-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-decides-6-3-to-strike-down-a-law-passed-by-the-un.md) _Context: President, United States Congress_
8. [The United States Congress sends a human trafficking bill to President Barack Obama for signature. ](/news/2015/05/19/the-united-states-congress-sends-a-human-trafficking-bill-to-president-barack-obama-for-signature.md) _Context: President, United States Congress_
9. [2015 State of the Union Address: The President of the United States Barack Obama delivers a State of the Union address to the United States Congress. ](/news/2015/01/20/2015-state-of-the-union-address-the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-delivers-a-state-of-the-union-address-to-the-united-states.md) _Context: President, United States Congress_
10. [President of the United States Barack Obama signs a bipartisan deal approved by Congress to end the Government shutdown and the debt ceiling crisis. ](/news/2013/10/17/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-signs-a-bipartisan-deal-approved-by-congress-to-end-the-government-shutdown-and-the-debt-ceiling.md) _Context: President, United States Congress_
