### [2007-07-28](/news/2007/07/28/index.md)

#  The Lal Masjid in Islamabad is closed indefinitely following a suicide bombing with Pakistani authorities warning of more bomb attacks to come. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2007/WORLD/asiapcf/07/28/pakistan.mosque.reut/index.html?eref=rss_world)

### Related:

1. [ Pakistani forces demolish the front walls of the Lal Masjid mosque in Islamabad. ](/news/2007/07/5/pakistani-forces-demolish-the-front-walls-of-the-lal-masjid-mosque-in-islamabad.md) _Context: Islamabad, Lal Masjid, Pakistan_
2. [ Islamic militants occupy a shrine in a tribal area of Pakistan and name it after the Lal Masjid in Islamabad recently stormed by the Pakistan army. ](/news/2007/07/30/islamic-militants-occupy-a-shrine-in-a-tribal-area-of-pakistan-and-name-it-after-the-lal-masjid-in-islamabad-recently-stormed-by-the-pakist.md) _Context: Islamabad, Lal Masjid, Pakistan_
3. [ Pakistani forces storm the Lal Masjid Mosque in Islamabad, bringing the Lal Masjid siege to an end. At least 3 soldiers and 40 militants die in the assault. [http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idUSISL18833720070710?feedType=RSS (Reuters)] [http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,288736,00.html (FOX)]. Abdul Rashid Ghazi, a top clerics was confirmed dead according to Interior ministry sources.](/news/2007/07/10/pakistani-forces-storm-the-lal-masjid-mosque-in-islamabad-bringing-the-lal-masjid-siege-to-an-end-at-least-3-soldiers-and-40-militants-di.md) _Context: Islamabad, Lal Masjid, Pakistan_
4. [A suicide bombing took place near a Pakistan army truck in Quetta, Balochistan, Pakistan, leaving 15 people dead including 8 soldiers, while injuring 40 others. ](/news/2017/08/12/a-suicide-bombing-took-place-near-a-pakistan-army-truck-in-quetta-balochistan-pakistan-leaving-15-people-dead-including-8-soldiers-while.md) _Context: Pakistan, suicide bombing_
5. [Pakistani Chief of Air Staff Sohail Aman warns India not to escalate tensions in the disputed territory of Kashmir under the threat of a full-scale war. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson urges both sides to restrain themselves while on a diplomatic mission to Islamabad. ](/news/2016/11/24/pakistani-chief-of-air-staff-sohail-aman-warns-india-not-to-escalate-tensions-in-the-disputed-territory-of-kashmir-under-the-threat-of-a-ful.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan_
6. [The Afghan Taliban releases a statement rejecting peace talks with the government of Afghanistan until foreign forces stop attacking their positions and withdraw from the country. Direct peace talks between the government and the Taliban were expected to take place in Islamabad, Pakistan next week. ](/news/2016/03/5/the-afghan-taliban-releases-a-statement-rejecting-peace-talks-with-the-government-of-afghanistan-until-foreign-forces-stop-attacking-their-p.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan_
7. [The government of Pakistan warns that it will push to clear the Islamist protests occurring in Islamabad. Protests have broken out in the capital and other cities ever since Mumtaz Qadri was executed last February for his role in killing Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer in 2011 because he opposed Pakistan's blasphemy laws. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-government-of-pakistan-warns-that-it-will-push-to-clear-the-islamist-protests-occurring-in-islamabad-protests-have-broken-out-in-the-ca.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan_
8. [Sartaj Aziz, a top foreign affairs adviser for Pakistan, publicly admits for the first time that the Afghan Taliban's leadership is living in the country and that Islamabad has "considerable influence" over them. ](/news/2016/03/3/sartaj-aziz-a-top-foreign-affairs-adviser-for-pakistan-publicly-admits-for-the-first-time-that-the-afghan-taliban-s-leadership-is-living-i.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan_
9. [Thousands of protestors rally in front of the Parliament of Pakistan in Islamabad in support of Mumtaz Qadri, the killer of reformist Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer in 2011 who was subsequently executed last February. The Pakistan Army was called in to control the situation. ](/news/2016/03/28/thousands-of-protestors-rally-in-front-of-the-parliament-of-pakistan-in-islamabad-in-support-of-mumtaz-qadri-the-killer-of-reformist-punjab.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan_
10. [Pakistani protesters armed with sticks and stones clash with police in the centre of Islamabad after protests calling for the resignation of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif turn violent. All schools in the capital have been closed as a result of the clashes. ](/news/2014/09/1/pakistani-protesters-armed-with-sticks-and-stones-clash-with-police-in-the-centre-of-islamabad-after-protests-calling-for-the-resignation-of.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan_
