### [2010-09-15](/news/2010/09/15/index.md)

# News Corporation sells the "Fiji Times" to Fijian company Motibhai two weeks before a deadline set by the government of interim Prime Minister Frank Bainimarama. 

Australia&#39;s News Limited has sold the Fiji Times for an undisclosed sum to Fiji company Motibhai.


### Source:

1. [Radio New Zealand](http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/world/56963/news-limited-sells-fiji-times-paper)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.radionz.co.nz/x/rnz-general-sq-f875850613bd05904fb91ba6d0a13eca970fe203a2008e6de44c4a6b0bdbd86a.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Commodore Frank Bainimarama, Prime Minister of Fiji's military government, says a new constitution will be ready by February 2013. ](/news/2012/03/9/commodore-frank-bainimarama-prime-minister-of-fiji-s-military-government-says-a-new-constitution-will-be-ready-by-february-2013.md) _Context: Fiji, Prime Minister, Voreqe Bainimarama_
2. [ Australia and New Zealand expel Fiji's top diplomats in response to the decision of the Government of Prime Minister Frank Bainimarama to expel senior Australian and New Zealand diplomats from Fiji. ](/news/2009/11/4/australia-and-new-zealand-expel-fiji-s-top-diplomats-in-response-to-the-decision-of-the-government-of-prime-minister-frank-bainimarama-to-e.md) _Context: Fiji, Prime Minister, Voreqe Bainimarama_
3. [ New Zealand's Prime Minister John Key says he believes Fiji's self-appointed Prime Minister Commodore Frank Bainimarama has given up on the Pacific Islands Forum. ](/news/2009/08/6/new-zealandas-prime-minister-john-key-says-he-believes-fijias-self-appointed-prime-minister-commodore-frank-bainimarama-has-given-up-on.md) _Context: Fiji, Prime Minister, Voreqe Bainimarama_
4. [ The Prime Minister of Fiji Frank Bainimarama sends in troops to close down the headquarters of Fiji's Great Council of Chiefs. ](/news/2007/04/13/the-prime-minister-of-fiji-frank-bainimarama-sends-in-troops-to-close-down-the-headquarters-of-fiji-s-great-council-of-chiefs.md) _Context: Fiji, Prime Minister, Voreqe Bainimarama_
5. [ The Prime Minister of Fiji Laisenia Qarase warns that Fiji faces the imminent threat of a coup as troops reportedly surround his complex. Later, Fiji's military commander Frank Bainimarama confirmed that the military was in control of the country while the Foreign Minister of Australia Alexander Downer warned that Fiji would face international sanctions. ](/news/2006/12/5/the-prime-minister-of-fiji-laisenia-qarase-warns-that-fiji-faces-the-imminent-threat-of-a-coup-as-troops-reportedly-surround-his-complex-l.md) _Context: Fiji, Prime Minister, Voreqe Bainimarama_
6. [ The Prime Minister of Fiji Laisenia Qarase partially agrees to demands by the head of the Fijian military Commodore Frank Bainimarama in order to avert a coup. Bainimarama rejects the compromise and issues a deadline of noon on Friday. ](/news/2006/11/30/the-prime-minister-of-fiji-laisenia-qarase-partially-agrees-to-demands-by-the-head-of-the-fijian-military-commodore-frank-bainimarama-in-or.md) _Context: Fiji, Prime Minister, Voreqe Bainimarama_
7. [ The Prime Minister of Fiji Laisenia Qarase meets with Fijian military commander Commodore Frank Bainimarama in emergency talks in Wellington, New Zealand aimed at averting a coup. ](/news/2006/11/29/the-prime-minister-of-fiji-laisenia-qarase-meets-with-fijian-military-commander-commodore-frank-bainimarama-in-emergency-talks-in-wellingto.md) _Context: Fiji, Prime Minister, Voreqe Bainimarama_
8. [ Don McKinnon, the Commonwealth Secretary-General, conveys the support of the Commonwealth of Nations to the Prime Minister of Fiji Laisenia Qarase. He warned Fijian military commander Frank Bainimarama against staging a coup d'etat. ](/news/2006/11/2/don-mckinnon-the-commonwealth-secretary-general-conveys-the-support-of-the-commonwealth-of-nations-to-the-prime-minister-of-fiji-laisenia.md) _Context: Fiji, Prime Minister, Voreqe Bainimarama_
9. [ The Prime Minister of Fiji Laisenia Qarase reportedly meets with his security chiefs this morning after yesterday trying to sack Fiji's military commander Frank Bainimarama. Alexander Downer, the Foreign Minister of Australia, has raised concerns about a coup. ](/news/2006/11/1/the-prime-minister-of-fiji-laisenia-qarase-reportedly-meets-with-his-security-chiefs-this-morning-after-yesterday-trying-to-sack-fiji-s-mil.md) _Context: Fiji, Prime Minister, Voreqe Bainimarama_
10. [Fiji authorities detain two opposition party leaders, a prominent trade unionist, and another opposition activist, following their participation in Wednesday's forum on the Pacific island's 2013 constitution. A police spokesperson told the "Fiji Times" that several people were being questioned about comments made at the forum that, "Could affect the safety and security of all Fijians." ](/news/2016/09/10/fiji-authorities-detain-two-opposition-party-leaders-a-prominent-trade-unionist-and-another-opposition-activist-following-their-participa.md) _Context: Fiji, Fiji Times_
