### [2010-09-15](/news/2010/09/15/index.md)

# North Korea's ruling Workers' Party of Korea cancels its largest political convention in thirty years officially due to floods caused by Typhoon Kompasu  but sparking speculation about the health of Kim Jong-il. 




### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/ails-north-koreas-kim-jong-il/story?id=11642876)

### Related:

1. [North Korean leader Kim Jong-un is given two posts in the Workers' Party of Korea previously held by his father Kim Jong-Il, including chairman of the party's Central Military Commission and a standing member of the Politburo. ](/news/2012/04/12/north-korean-leader-kim-jong-un-is-given-two-posts-in-the-workers-party-of-korea-previously-held-by-his-father-kim-jong-il-including-chair.md) _Context: Kim Jong-il, North Korea, Workers' Party of Korea_
2. [The ruling Workers Party in North Korea calls a conference in mid-April to consolidate the transfer of leadership to Kim Jong-un from his father Kim Jong-Il. ](/news/2012/02/20/the-ruling-workers-party-in-north-korea-calls-a-conference-in-mid-april-to-consolidate-the-transfer-of-leadership-to-kim-jong-un-from-his-fa.md) _Context: Kim Jong-il, North Korea, Workers' Party of Korea_
3. [The Workers' Party of Korea, the ruling party of North Korea, holds its first party congress in nearly 40 years. The meeting comes as the country is facing tougher sanctions for its recent missile launches. ](/news/2016/05/6/the-workers-party-of-korea-the-ruling-party-of-north-korea-holds-its-first-party-congress-in-nearly-40-years-the-meeting-comes-as-the-co.md) _Context: North Korea, Workers' Party of Korea_
4. [The government of North Korea announces its ruling Workers' Party of Korea will hold a party congress on May 6, the first in nearly 40 years. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-government-of-north-korea-announces-its-ruling-workers-party-of-korea-will-hold-a-party-congress-on-may-6-the-first-in-nearly-40-years.md) _Context: North Korea, Workers' Party of Korea_
5. [North Korea's state media says Kim Yang-gon, a top aide to supreme leader Kim Jong-un and secretary of the ruling Workers' Party of Korea (WPK), who was also in charge of ties with South Korea, dies in a car crash. ](/news/2015/12/29/north-korea-s-state-media-says-kim-yang-gon-a-top-aide-to-supreme-leader-kim-jong-un-and-secretary-of-the-ruling-workers-party-of-korea-w.md) _Context: North Korea, Workers' Party of Korea_
6. [North Korea holds a massive military parade in its capital, Pyongyang, to celebrate the 70th anniversary of Workers' Party of Korea rule in the country. Liu Yunshan, the highest-ranking Chinese official to visit North Korea in three years, attends the parade. ](/news/2015/10/10/north-korea-holds-a-massive-military-parade-in-its-capital-pyongyang-to-celebrate-the-70th-anniversary-of-workers-party-of-korea-rule-in.md) _Context: North Korea, Workers' Party of Korea_
7. [Kim Jong-un, the leader of North Korea, fails to show at an event marking the 69th anniversary of the founding of the Workers' Party of Korea, increasing speculation about his prolonged absence from public view. ](/news/2014/10/10/kim-jong-un-the-leader-of-north-korea-fails-to-show-at-an-event-marking-the-69th-anniversary-of-the-founding-of-the-workers-party-of-kore.md) _Context: North Korea, Workers' Party of Korea_
8. [North Korea commemorates the one-year anniversary of the death of former Leader Kim Jong-il. ](/news/2012/12/17/north-korea-commemorates-the-one-year-anniversary-of-the-death-of-former-leader-kim-jong-il.md) _Context: Kim Jong-il, North Korea_
9. [Kim Jong-un, the leader of North Korea, leads thousands of officials in a memorial service for his father Kim Jong-il, the former leader, who died on 17 December 2011. ](/news/2012/12/16/kim-jong-un-the-leader-of-north-korea-leads-thousands-of-officials-in-a-memorial-service-for-his-father-kim-jong-il-the-former-leader-wh.md) _Context: Kim Jong-il, North Korea_
10. [North Korea's state agency KCNA announces the country will launch a satellite sometime between December 10 and December 22. The launch will take place around the time of South Korea's presidential election on December 19 and close to the first anniversary of the death of former leader Kim Jong-il. South Korean officials, as well as the US, believe that the isolated state is testing long-range missile technology with the aim of developing an intercontinental ballistic missile. ](/news/2012/12/1/north-korea-s-state-agency-kcna-announces-the-country-will-launch-a-satellite-sometime-between-december-10-and-december-22-the-launch-will.md) _Context: Kim Jong-il, North Korea_
