### [2010-09-15](/news/2010/09/15/index.md)

# United States cartoonist Molly Norris of Seattle, Washington, who developed Everybody Draw Mohammed Day, goes into hiding following a death threat from an Islamist radical. 

A cartoonist has disappeared from public view because she&#39;s on an Islamic cleric&#39;s hitlist for declaring &quot;Everybody Draw Mohammed Day&quot; last spring, according to a newspaper.


### Source:

1. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/39203336/ns/us_news-security/)
1. [Cover Image](http://media1.s-nbcnews.com/i/MSNBC/Components/Interactives/_swf/_shared/msnbc-facebooklike-icon.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Xi Jinping begins his first visit to the United States as President of the People's Republic of China, meeting with technology company leaders and representatives in Seattle, Washington. ](/news/2015/09/22/xi-jinping-begins-his-first-visit-to-the-united-states-as-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-meeting-with-technology-company-leade.md) _Context: Seattle, United States, Washington_
2. [Five people are killed in a shooting incident at an apartment complex in Federal Way, Washington, south of Seattle, United States. ](/news/2013/04/21/five-people-are-killed-in-a-shooting-incident-at-an-apartment-complex-in-federal-way-washington-south-of-seattle-united-states.md) _Context: Seattle, United States, Washington_
3. [A bouncer is critically injured and a woman is also wounded after a gunman opens fire in a bar in the Central District of Seattle, Washington, United States. The perpetrator was killed by authorities. ](/news/2013/01/28/a-bouncer-is-critically-injured-and-a-woman-is-also-wounded-after-a-gunman-opens-fire-in-a-bar-in-the-central-district-of-seattle-washingto.md) _Context: Seattle, United States, Washington_
4. [A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carolina.md) _Context: Seattle, United States_
5. [In Seattle, Washington, a Seattle Fire Department crew, responding to reports of a natural gas leak in the Greenwood neighborhood, are caught in an explosion that injures nine firefighters. The explosion blew out windows in businesses and storefronts in the surrounding blocks, destroying three businesses and heavily damaging a fourth. ](/news/2016/03/9/in-seattle-washington-a-seattle-fire-department-crew-responding-to-reports-of-a-natural-gas-leak-in-the-greenwood-neighborhood-are-caugh.md) _Context: Seattle, Washington_
6. [The Seattle City Council unanimously votes to give Uber, Lyft, and other contract drivers the power to unionize. The Washington city becomes the first in the United States to do so. Seattle Mayor Ed Murray opposes the bill which can still become law without his signature. Court challenges are expected. ](/news/2015/12/14/the-seattle-city-council-unanimously-votes-to-give-uber-lyft-and-other-contract-drivers-the-power-to-unionize-the-washington-city-becomes.md) _Context: United States, Washington_
7. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: United States, Washington_
8. [Health authorities in the United States say that 53 people in nine states have been sickened in a salmonella outbreak. California is the worst affected state with 31 cases with the other states with cases include Arizona, Illinois, Mississippi, New Mexico, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. ](/news/2015/05/21/health-authorities-in-the-united-states-say-that-53-people-in-nine-states-have-been-sickened-in-a-salmonella-outbreak-california-is-the-wor.md) _Context: United States, Washington_
9. [Effective midnight, Washington, D.C. joins Alaska, Colorado, and Washington state as the only places in the United States that locally purport to override federal law and allow the use of marijuana for recreational purposes. ](/news/2015/02/26/effective-midnight-washington-d-c-joins-alaska-colorado-and-washington-state-as-the-only-places-in-the-united-states-that-locally-purpo.md) _Context: United States, Washington_
10. [A landslide kills two people, and injures six in Oso, Washington, United States. ](/news/2014/03/22/a-landslide-kills-two-people-and-injures-six-in-oso-washington-united-states.md) _Context: United States, Washington_
