### [2007-02-10](/news/2007/02/10/index.md)

#  United States presidential election, 2008: Senator Barack Obama (D-IL) officially announces his candidacy for president during a speech at the Old State Capitol in Springfield, Illinois. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2007/POLITICS/02/10/obama.president/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ Democratic Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich is arrested by Federal Bureau of Investigation agents at his Chicago home, amidst allegations of corruption and pay-to-play regarding the replacement for United States President-elect Barack Obama in the Senate. ](/news/2008/12/9/democratic-illinois-governor-rod-blagojevich-is-arrested-by-federal-bureau-of-investigation-agents-at-his-chicago-home-amidst-allegations.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Democratic Party, Illinois, President of the United States, Senate_
2. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Illinois  Senator Barack Obama  wins the Wyoming Democratic caucus. ](/news/2008/03/8/united-states-presidential-election-2008-illinois-senator-barack-obama-wins-the-wyoming-democratic-caucus.md) _Context: 2008, Barack Obama, Democratic Party, Illinois, Senate_
3. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Illinois Senator Barack Obama wins the South Carolina Democratic primary. ](/news/2008/01/26/united-states-presidential-election-2008-illinois-senator-barack-obama-wins-the-south-carolina-democratic-primary.md) _Context: 2008, Barack Obama, Democratic Party, Illinois, Senate_
4. [ Australian Prime Minister John Howard criticizes U.S. Senator Barack Obama (D-IL) for his stance on Iraq, saying that al-Qaeda in Iraq should be praying for Obama to win the election. The opposition Australian Labor Party says that Howard's statement imperiled the relationship Australia might have with the United States under a Democratic administration. ](/news/2007/02/12/australian-prime-minister-john-howard-criticizes-u-s-senator-barack-obama-d-il-for-his-stance-on-iraq-saying-that-al-qaeda-in-iraq-shou.md) _Context: 2008, Barack Obama, Democratic Party, Illinois, Senate_
5. [Democrats in the United States Senate block passage of a fast-track for the Trans-Pacific Partnership sought by President Barack Obama. ](/news/2015/05/12/democrats-in-the-united-states-senate-block-passage-of-a-fast-track-for-the-trans-pacific-partnership-sought-by-president-barack-obama.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Democratic Party, President of the United States, Senate_
6. [ United States general elections: Democrat Barack Obama wins the 2008 United States presidential election after beating Republican John McCain, becoming the first African American to be elected to the office of President of the United States. ](/news/2008/11/4/united-states-general-elections-p-democrat-barack-obama-wins-the-2008-united-states-presidential-election-after-beating-republican-john-mcc.md) _Context: 2008, Barack Obama, Democratic Party, President of the United States_
7. [ U.S. presidential election:  Illinois Senator Barack Obama accepts the nomination of the Democratic Party at the INVESCO Field at Mile High in Denver, Colorado, becoming the first African American to be nominated by a major party for election as President of the United States. ](/news/2008/08/28/u-s-presidential-election-illinois-senator-barack-obama-accepts-the-nomination-of-the-democratic-party-at-the-invesco-field-at-mile-high.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Democratic Party, Illinois, President of the United States_
8. [ Hillary Clinton suspends her presidential campaign and endorses Barack Obama as the Democratic candidate for President of the United States in the 2008 election. ](/news/2008/06/7/hillary-clinton-suspends-her-presidential-campaign-and-endorses-barack-obama-as-the-democratic-candidate-for-president-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: 2008, Barack Obama, Democratic Party, President of the United States_
9. [ United States Democratic Party primaries, 2008: Illinois Senator Barack Obama wins the Democratic Party presumptive nomination, becoming the first African American to be nominated by a major party. ](/news/2008/06/3/united-states-democratic-party-primaries-2008-p-illinois-senator-barack-obama-wins-the-democratic-party-presumptive-nomination-becoming-t.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Democratic Party, Illinois, Senate_
10. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Illinois Senator Barack Obama takes the lead in support from superdelegates to the Democratic National Convention ](/news/2008/05/10/united-states-presidential-election-2008-illinois-senator-barack-obama-takes-the-lead-in-support-from-superdelegates-to-the-democratic-na.md) _Context: 2008, Barack Obama, Illinois, Senate_
