### [2007-02-10](/news/2007/02/10/index.md)

#  War in Somalia: Somali Prime Minister Ali Mohammed Ghedi modifies the roster of the Transitional Federal Government by removing army chief-of-staff Ismail Qasim Naji and assigning him as ambassador to Oman, while also appointing new ambassadors to Kenya, Djibouti, and Yemen. Meanwhile, the Somali People's Resistance Movement emerges as an insurgency movement out of the underground members of the Islamic Courts Union. 




### Source:

1. [Shabelle](http://www.shabelle.net/news/ne2279.htm)

### Related:

1. [Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed, Prime Minister of the United Nations-backed Transitional Federal Government of Somalia, calls on UN agencies basing themselves in Kenya for safety reasons to move to Mogadishu within three months, citing the presence of UN agencies in "more dangerous" cities such as Kabul and Baghdad. ](/news/2011/04/5/mohamed-abdullahi-mohamed-prime-minister-of-the-united-nations-backed-transitional-federal-government-of-somalia-calls-on-un-agencies-basi.md) _Context: Kenya, Prime Minister of Somalia, Somalia, Transitional Federal Government_
2. [ Ethiopia withdraws its military forces from Somalia after two years of helping the Transitional Federal Government combat insurgents. ](/news/2009/01/2/ethiopia-withdraws-its-military-forces-from-somalia-after-two-years-of-helping-the-transitional-federal-government-combat-insurgents.md) _Context: Somalia, Transitional Federal Government, insurgency, two years of helping_
3. [Somali President Sharif Ahmed appoints Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed as Prime Minister of the Transitional Federal Government. ](/news/2010/10/14/somali-president-sharif-ahmed-appoints-mohamed-abdullahi-mohamed-as-prime-minister-of-the-transitional-federal-government.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Somalia, Somalia, Transitional Federal Government_
4. [Guinea and Djibouti pledge to contribute troops towards the African Union Mission supporting the Transitional Federal Government in Somalia. ](/news/2010/07/23/guinea-and-djibouti-pledge-to-contribute-troops-towards-the-african-union-mission-supporting-the-transitional-federal-government-in-somalia.md) _Context: Djibouti, Somalia, Transitional Federal Government_
5. [ A six-nation east African regional bloc consisting of Djibouti, Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, Sudan and Uganda urges global sanctions on Eritrea for backing Islamist rebels in neighbouring war-torn Somalia. ](/news/2009/09/19/a-six-nation-east-african-regional-bloc-consisting-of-djibouti-ethiopia-kenya-somalia-sudan-and-uganda-urges-global-sanctions-on-eritre.md) _Context: Djibouti, Kenya, Somalia_
6. [ Combat between the government and the Islamic Courts Union kills at least 123 people in Mogadishu, Somalia. ](/news/2009/05/12/combat-between-the-government-and-the-islamic-courts-union-kills-at-least-123-people-in-mogadishu-somalia.md) _Context: Islamic Courts Union, Somalia, Transitional Federal Government_
7. [ Ali Mohammed Ghedi, the interim Prime Minister of Somalia, says he plans to create a Green Zone in Mogadishu and criticizes the United Nations for giving "so much emphasis on Darfur and not to Somalia". ](/news/2007/08/15/ali-mohammed-ghedi-the-interim-prime-minister-of-somalia-says-he-plans-to-create-a-green-zone-in-mogadishu-and-criticizes-the-united-nati.md) _Context: Ali Mohammed Ghedi, Prime Minister of Somalia, Somalia_
8. [ War in Somalia: The Battle of Jilib erupts between the forces of the Ethiopian-backed Transitional Federal Government and the Islamic Courts Union.](/news/2006/12/31/war-in-somalia-the-battle-of-jilib-erupts-between-the-forces-of-the-ethiopian-backed-transitional-federal-government-and-the-islamic-court.md) _Context: Islamic Courts Union, Transitional Federal Government, two years of helping_
9. [ A bomb explosion near a convoy of cars carrying Somalia's Prime Minister Ali Mohammed Ghedi in Mogadishu. Although the PM escapes unhurt, 9 people have been killed and 20 others wounded. [http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L06777799.htm (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 20:57, 14 January 2007 (UTC)) ](/news/2005/11/6/a-bomb-explosion-near-a-convoy-of-cars-carrying-somalia-s-prime-minister-ali-mohammed-ghedi-in-mogadishu-although-the-pm-escapes-unhurt-9.md) _Context: Ali Mohammed Ghedi, Prime Minister of Somalia, Somalia_
10. [ Somalian transitional parliament in Kenya has approved the second suggested cabinet of prime minister Ali Mohammed Ghedi. They rejected his earlier suggested cabinet four weeks ago ](/news/2005/01/14/somalian-transitional-parliament-in-kenya-has-approved-the-second-suggested-cabinet-of-prime-minister-ali-mohammed-ghedi-they-rejected-his.md) _Context: Ali Mohammed Ghedi, Kenya, Somalia_
