### [2012-03-16](/news/2012/03/16/index.md)

# David Petraeus, the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, is honored with the Grand Cross with swords in the Order of Orange-Nassau in The Hague for his service as a four-star general in Iraq and Afghanistan. 




### Source:

1. [NOS](http://nos.nl/artikel/352354-nederlandse-eer-voor-ciachef.html)

### Related:

1. [Population displacement: The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five. ](/news/2017/06/19/population-displacement-the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Iraq_
2. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Iraq_
3. [European migrant crisis: Macedonia, Serbia, Croatia, and Slovenia shut their borders to so-called economic migrants, those not coming from war-torn countries such as Syria, Afghanistan, or Iraq, leaving thousands stranded at Balkan border crossings. Around 500 migrants from Iran, Morocco, and Algeria gather on the border between Greece and Macedonia to protest the closure. ](/news/2015/11/20/european-migrant-crisis-macedonia-serbia-croatia-and-slovenia-shut-their-borders-to-so-called-economic-migrants-those-not-coming-from-w.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Iraq_
4. [European migrant crisis: Following Austria's and Germany's decision to waive their asylum system rules, approximately 6,500 migrants - mostly from Syria, Iraq, and Afghanistan - arrive in Vienna. They traveled from Hungary by bus, train or on foot. The migrants were given the opportunity to register in Austria or move on to Germany. ](/news/2015/09/5/european-migrant-crisis-following-austria-s-and-germany-s-decision-to-waive-their-asylum-system-rules-approximately-6-500-migrants-mos.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Iraq_
5. [Petraeus scandal: Former United States Army general and Director of the Central Intelligence Agency David Petraeus pleads guilty of sharing classified information with his biographer and lover. He is given two years probation and a $100,000 fine. ](/news/2015/04/23/petraeus-scandal-former-united-states-army-general-and-director-of-the-central-intelligence-agency-david-petraeus-pleads-guilty-of-sharing.md) _Context: David Petraeus, Director of the CIA_
6. [Former CIA director and U.S. Army officer David Petraeus pleads guilty in federal court to a charge of unauthorized removal and retention of classified information. ](/news/2015/03/3/former-cia-director-and-u-s-army-officer-david-petraeus-pleads-guilty-in-federal-court-to-a-charge-of-unauthorized-removal-and-retention-of.md) _Context: David Petraeus, Director of the CIA_
7. [CIA Director David Petraeus submits his resignation to President Barack Obama, citing an extramarital affair he had. ](/news/2012/11/9/cia-director-david-petraeus-submits-his-resignation-to-president-barack-obama-citing-an-extramarital-affair-he-had.md) _Context: David Petraeus, Director of the CIA_
8. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):: US General David Petraeus hands over command of NATO forces in Afghanistan to United States Marine Corps Lieutenant General John R. Allen. ](/news/2011/07/18/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-us-general-david-petraeus-hands-over-command-of-nato-forces-in-afghanistan-to-united-states-marine-cor.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, David Petraeus_
9. [War in Afghanistan:: President of France Nicolas Sarkozy visits Afghanistan to meet with the President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai and commander of the International Security Assistance Force David Petraeus before visiting French troops stationed in Surobi. ](/news/2011/07/12/war-in-afghanistan-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-visits-afghanistan-to-meet-with-the-president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-and-comma.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, David Petraeus_
10. [U.S. president Barack Obama nominates General David Petraeus, current head of the war on Afghanistan, as his new CIA chief, and names outgoing CIA chief Leon Panetta as head of The Pentagon. ](/news/2011/04/28/u-s-president-barack-obama-nominates-general-david-petraeus-current-head-of-the-war-on-afghanistan-as-his-new-cia-chief-and-names-outgoi.md) _Context: David Petraeus, Director of the CIA_
