### [2013-02-20](/news/2013/02/20/index.md)

# 2013 Bulgarian protests: Prime Minister of Bulgaria Boyko Borisov says he will resign with all his cabinet due to widespread protests amid a financial crisis. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-21516658)

### Related:

1. [2013 Bulgarian protests: At least 10 people are injured in the Bulgarian capital Sofia, as tens of thousands turn up for rallies in 10 cities, a day after Prime Minister Boyko Borisov sacked his Finance Minister Simeon Djankov. The government revokes the license of Czech company CEZ due to high electricity prices, which helped fuel the 9-day protests. ](/news/2013/02/19/2013-bulgarian-protests-at-least-10-people-are-injured-in-the-bulgarian-capital-sofia-as-tens-of-thousands-turn-up-for-rallies-in-10-citie.md) _Context: 2013 Bulgarian protests, Boyko Borisov, Bulgaria, Prime Minister_
2. [Bulgarians vote to elect a new Prime Minister after the resignation of Boyko Borissov. Opinion polls predict a close contest between Borissov's centre-right GERB and the Socialist Party. ](/news/2017/03/26/bulgarians-vote-to-elect-a-new-prime-minister-after-the-resignation-of-boyko-borissov-opinion-polls-predict-a-close-contest-between-borisso.md) _Context: Bulgaria, Prime Minister_
3. [Bulgarians head to the polls in a presidential runoff between BSP backed Rumen Radev, of the socialist opposition, and Tsetska Tsacheva, Chairwoman of the National Assembly, from incumbent prime-minister Boyko Borisov's conservative GERB. Exit polls by Alpha Research and Gallup International show Radev with about 58 percent of the vote with Tsacheva getting around 35 percent. ](/news/2016/11/13/bulgarians-head-to-the-polls-in-a-presidential-runoff-between-bsp-backed-rumen-radev-of-the-socialist-opposition-and-tsetska-tsacheva-cha.md) _Context: Boyko Borisov, Prime Minister_
4. [Voters in Bulgaria go to the polls for a parliamentary election. Boyko Borisov's GERB party wins between 30% and 32% of the votes, closely followed by Sergei Stanishev's resurgent BSP with 26 to 28 percent. No party manages to obtain a majority, while analysts predict a political deadlock amid low voter turnout and economic woes. ](/news/2013/05/12/voters-in-bulgaria-go-to-the-polls-for-a-parliamentary-election-boyko-borisov-s-gerb-party-wins-between-30-and-32-of-the-votes-closely-f.md) _Context: Boyko Borisov, Bulgaria_
5. [Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin has arrived in Sofia for talks with his Bulgarian counterpart Boyko Borisov. ](/news/2010/11/12/russian-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-has-arrived-in-sofia-for-talks-with-his-bulgarian-counterpart-boyko-borisov.md) _Context: Boyko Borisov, Bulgaria_
6. [ The Bulgarian political party Citizens for European Development of Bulgaria, which had only been founded on 2006-12-03 by Sofia mayor Boyko Borisov, instantly comes second in a public poll on party support, trailing only the Bulgarian Socialist Party. ](/news/2007/01/1/the-bulgarian-political-party-citizens-for-european-development-of-bulgaria-which-had-only-been-founded-on-2006-12-03-by-sofia-mayor-boyko.md) _Context: Boyko Borisov, Bulgaria_
7. [Scientists discover 7.2 million-year-old "pre-human" remains in the Balkans area near Bulgaria and Greece. ](/news/2017/05/23/scientists-discover-7-2-million-year-old-pre-human-remains-in-the-balkans-area-near-bulgaria-and-greece.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
8. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
9. [At least seven people have been killed and 25 others are injured after an explosion caused by the derailment of a train carrying propane and butane in the Bulgarian village of Hitrino, near Shumen. ](/news/2016/12/10/at-least-seven-people-have-been-killed-and-25-others-are-injured-after-an-explosion-caused-by-the-derailment-of-a-train-carrying-propane-and.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
10. [Voters in Bulgaria go to the polls for a presidential election, with exit polls showing no candidate receiving the majority necessary to win outright, and Rumen Radev and Tsetska Tsacheva likely to face one another in a run-off on 13 November. ](/news/2016/11/6/voters-in-bulgaria-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-exit-polls-showing-no-candidate-receiving-the-majority-necessary-to-win.md) _Context: Bulgaria_
