### [2013-02-20](/news/2013/02/20/index.md)

# A United States federal grand jury in Georgia indicts four employees of bankrupt Virginia-based Peanut Corporation of America for the 2009 salmonella outbreak that killed nine people and infected hundreds. The 75&ndash;count indictment describes contaminated or misbranded food by company owner Stewart Parnell, his brother and company vice president Michael Parnell, and two company managers. The charges are conspiracy, wire fraud, and obstruction of justice. This infection triggered the most extensive food recall ever in United States history. 

A federal grand jury indicted four employees of a peanut company linked to a 2009 salmonella outbreak that killed nine people and sickened hundreds.


### Source:

1. [FoxNews](http://www.foxnews.com/us/2013/02/21/apnewsbreak-feds-indict-4-over-200-salmonella-outbreak-linked-to-georgia-peanut/)

### Related:

1. [ The Peanut Corporation of America files for Chapter 7 bankruptcy and liquidation. ](/news/2009/02/13/the-peanut-corporation-of-america-files-for-chapter-7-bankruptcy-and-liquidation.md) _Context: Peanut Corporation of America, bankruptcy_
2. [Economy of the United States. New York State-based GateHouse Media announces an agreement to buy 11 U.S. newspapers from Georgia-based Morris Communications. Included in the deal is the "Log Cabin Democrat", founded in 1879, and three Alaskan newspapers: the "Juneau Empire", the "Peninsula Clarion" and "Homer News". The deal is expected to close on October 2. ](/news/2017/08/10/economy-of-the-united-states-new-york-state-based-gatehouse-media-announces-an-agreement-to-buy-11-u-s-newspapers-from-georgia-based-morri.md) _Context: Georgia_
3. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017. Campaigning ends and voting begins in the suburbs of Atlanta in the U.S. state of Georgia between Republican Karen Handel and Democratic Jon Ossoff, where Republican Handel wins the election by a narrow margin. ](/news/2017/06/20/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-campaigning-ends-and-voting-begins-in-the-suburbs-of-atlanta-in-the-u-s-state.md) _Context: Georgia_
4. [Tornadoes of 2017. Robert Bentley, the Governor of Alabama, declares a state of emergency due to forecasts of storms with the threat of tornadoes during the day. The neighboring state of Georgia also faces the threat of severe weather. ](/news/2017/04/4/tornadoes-of-2017-robert-bentley-the-governor-of-alabama-declares-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-forecasts-of-storms-with-the-threat-of-torn.md) _Context: Georgia_
5. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017. Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia. ](/news/2017/04/18/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u.md) _Context: Georgia_
6. [Democratic National Committee chairmanship election, 2017. Voting takes place in Atlanta, Georgia, to elect a new Chair of the Democratic National Committee. Candidates include Sally Boynton Brown, Keith Ellison, Jehmu Greene and former United States Secretary of Labor Tom Perez. ](/news/2017/02/25/democratic-national-committee-chairmanship-election-2017-voting-takes-place-in-atlanta-georgia-to-elect-a-new-chair-of-the-democratic-na.md) _Context: Georgia_
7. [January 21-22, 2017 tornado outbreak. Severe storms kill at least 11 people and injure 23 in the U.S. state of Georgia. ](/news/2017/01/22/january-21-22-2017-tornado-outbreak-severe-storms-kill-at-least-11-people-and-injure-23-in-the-u-s-state-of-georgia.md) _Context: Georgia_
8. [Bonanza Creek Energy says it plans to file for bankruptcy on or by January 5, 2017 and hopes to exit the process quickly, within the first quarter. ](/news/2016/12/23/bonanza-creek-energy-says-it-plans-to-file-for-bankruptcy-on-or-by-january-5-2017-and-hopes-to-exit-the-process-quickly-within-the-first-q.md) _Context: bankruptcy_
9. [Tropical Storm Hermine. The National Hurricane Center declares a hurricane watch and tropical storm warning from the Anclote River, north of Tampa, to Destin, Florida, near the Georgia border. Hermine, now at 45 mph (75 km), is expected to reach hurricane strength when it makes landfall Thursday afternoon. Florida Governor Rick Scott, with life-threatening flooding forecast, declares a state of emergency. ](/news/2016/08/31/tropical-storm-hermine-the-national-hurricane-center-declares-a-hurricane-watch-and-tropical-storm-warning-from-the-anclote-river-north-of.md) _Context: Georgia_
10. [2016 House Democrats sit-in. Georgia Representative John Lewis leads about 40 U.S. House of Representatives Democrats in a sit-in after the U.S. Senate failed to approve any of four gun control measures Monday night. ](/news/2016/06/22/2016-house-democrats-sit-in-georgia-representative-john-lewis-leads-about-40-u-s-house-of-representatives-democrats-in-a-sit-in-after-the.md) _Context: Georgia_
