### [2013-02-20](/news/2013/02/20/index.md)

# David Cameron, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, visits the Indian city of Amritsar to express remorse for the Jallianwala Bagh massacre on 13 April 1919. 




### Source:

1. [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2281422/Camerons-shame-1919-Amritsar-massacre-PM-make-historic-visit-shrine-379-shot-down.html?ito=feeds-newsxml)

### Related:

1. [Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016. The process to elect a new leader of the Conservative Party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron begins in the United Kingdom. The Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb is the first Conservative Party politician to announce his official candidacy for leader. ](/news/2016/06/29/conservative-party-uk-leadership-election-2016-the-process-to-elect-a-new-leader-of-the-conservative-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-min.md) _Context: Britain, David Cameron, Prime Minister_
2. [United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016. The United Kingdom votes, 52% to 48%, to leave the European Union. Prime Minister David Cameron, who called the referendum three years ago, announces his resignation indicating he will leave office by October. ](/news/2016/06/24/united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-the-united-kingdom-votes-52-to-48-to-leave-the-european-union-prime-minister.md) _Context: Britain, David Cameron, Prime Minister_
3. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's "Daily Telegraph", urges Britons to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to.md) _Context: Britain, David Cameron, Prime Minister_
4. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. The United Kingdom's Prime Minister David Cameron announces he will suspend collective responsibility ahead of the referendum on the country's EU membership, allowing ministers to campaign for the UK to leave the European Union. A member of his cabinet was reportedly due to resign over the issue within 24 hours. ](/news/2016/01/5/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-the-united-kingdom-s-prime-minister-david-cameron-announces-he-will-suspend-collective-re.md) _Context: Britain, David Cameron, Prime Minister_
5. [Syrian Civil War. Military intervention against ISIL. U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron confirms that two ISIS militants, UK citizens, Reyaad Khan and Ruhul Amin, were killed in Syria when a British drone attack hit their car on August 21, 2015. Both Khan and Amin had appeared in an ISIS recruitment video last year. They are alleged to have been plotting a terrorist attack on the UK. ](/news/2015/09/8/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-confirms-that-two-isis-militants-uk-citizens-reyaa.md) _Context: Britain, David Cameron, Prime Minister_
6. [David Cameron, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, outlines who will be able to vote in the referendum on the United Kingdom remaining a member of the European Union with the vote restricted to those eligible to vote in British elections rather than European Parliament elections. ](/news/2015/05/25/david-cameron-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-outlines-who-will-be-able-to-vote-in-the-referendum-on-the-united-kingdom-remaining.md) _Context: Britain, David Cameron, Prime Minister_
7. [William Hague stands down as the United Kingdom Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs as part of a cabinet reshuffle by Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2014/07/14/william-hague-stands-down-as-the-united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-foreign-and-commonwealth-affairs-as-part-of-a-cabinet-reshuffle-by-pr.md) _Context: Britain, David Cameron, Prime Minister_
8. [British Prime Minister David Cameron travels to Berlin to discuss his demands for sweeping reform of the European Union with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. ](/news/2013/04/12/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-travels-to-berlin-to-discuss-his-demands-for-sweeping-reform-of-the-european-union-with-german-chancell.md) _Context: Britain, David Cameron, Prime Minister_
9. [British Prime Minister David Cameron says he will "win people back" after his party, the Conservatives came third in the Eastleigh by-election behind the Liberal Democrats and UK Independence Party. ](/news/2013/03/1/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-says-he-will-win-people-back-after-his-party-the-conservatives-came-third-in-the-eastleigh-by-electi.md) _Context: Britain, David Cameron, Prime Minister_
10. [The British House of Commons votes to reject a proposed referendum on Britain's membership of the European Union, with 483 MPs voting against the proposal and 111 voting in favour. Among those who supported the proposal were 81 Conservative Party members, who rebelled against the anti-referendum stance of Prime Minister David Cameron, the leader of the Conservative Party. ](/news/2011/10/24/the-british-house-of-commons-votes-to-reject-a-proposed-referendum-on-britain-s-membership-of-the-european-union-with-483-mps-voting-agains.md) _Context: Britain, David Cameron, Prime Minister_
