### [2013-02-20](/news/2013/02/20/index.md)

# Japanese whaling vessels clash with Sea Shepherd Conservation Society Neptune's Navy boats in the Southern Ocean with the MY "Steve Irwin" and MY "Bob Barker" sustaining damage. 

Dramatic images have been sent from the Antarctic of the Japanese whaling factory ship Nisshin Maru colliding with other ships - including its own fuel-laden tanker.


### Source:

1. [Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/environment/whale-watch/whalers-ramming-damages-sea-shepherd-ship-20130220-2eqyg.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.smh.com.au/content/dam/images/2/e/r/y/5/image.related.thumbnail.320x214.2eqyg.png/1361338747930.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Bob Brown, former leader of the Australian Greens, becomes the President of the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society leading the campaign against Japanese whaling in the Southern Ocean. ](/news/2013/01/8/bob-brown-former-leader-of-the-australian-greens-becomes-the-president-of-the-sea-shepherd-conservation-society-leading-the-campaign-again.md) _Context: Japanese, Sea Shepherd Conservation Society, Southern Ocean, hunt_
2. [The Sea Shepherd Conservation Society's anti-whaling speedboat "Ady Gil", which was damaged on Wednesday during a confrontation with the Japanese security vessel "Shonan Maru 2", sinks in the Southern Ocean shortly before 3:30 a.m. AEDT as the Society's "Bob Barker" attempts to salvage the boat. ](/news/2010/01/8/the-sea-shepherd-conservation-society-s-anti-whaling-speedboat-ady-gil-which-was-damaged-on-wednesday-during-a-confrontation-with-the-jap.md) _Context: MY ''Bob Barker'', Sea Shepherd Conservation Society, Southern Ocean, hunt_
3. [The governments of Australia and New Zealand announce an investigation into an incident where a boat belonging to the anti-whaling group Sea Shepherd Conservation Society was damaged in a confrontation with a Japanese ship in the Southern Ocean. ](/news/2010/01/7/the-governments-of-australia-and-new-zealand-announce-an-investigation-into-an-incident-where-a-boat-belonging-to-the-anti-whaling-group-sea.md) _Context: Sea Shepherd Conservation Society, Southern Ocean, hunt_
4. [Australia is threatening to take legal action against Japan over its resumption of its controversial whale hunt in the Antarctic Ocean. A whaling fleet set sail last week, ignoring international condemnation, and last year's ruling by the International Court of Justice (ICJ) prohibiting these hunts. ](/news/2015/12/7/australia-is-threatening-to-take-legal-action-against-japan-over-its-resumption-of-its-controversial-whale-hunt-in-the-antarctic-ocean-a-wh.md) _Context: Southern Ocean, hunt_
5. [Japan advises the International Whaling Commission that it plans to resume hunting minke whales for scientific research in the Antarctic Ocean by the end of March 2016. The United Nations' International Court of Justice (ICJ) ruled in March 2014 that Japan's decades-old whale hunt in the Antarctic should stop, prompting Tokyo to cancel the bulk of its whaling for the 2014/2015 season. ICJ decisions were binding and cannot be appealed. ](/news/2015/11/28/japan-advises-the-international-whaling-commission-that-it-plans-to-resume-hunting-minke-whales-for-scientific-research-in-the-antarctic-oce.md) _Context: Southern Ocean, hunt_
6. [The Sea Shepherd anti-whaling organisation claims to have closed down Japan's main whaling ship, the "Nisshin Maru", deep inside the Southern Ocean off the Antarctic coast. ](/news/2012/03/5/the-sea-shepherd-anti-whaling-organisation-claims-to-have-closed-down-japan-s-main-whaling-ship-the-nisshin-maru-deep-inside-the-souther.md) _Context: Southern Ocean, hunt_
7. [Japanese officials announce their intention to send the country's whaling fleet back to Antarctica later in the year; the Sea Shepherd Conservation Society (SSCS) is also to return. ](/news/2011/07/12/japanese-officials-announce-their-intention-to-send-the-country-s-whaling-fleet-back-to-antarctica-later-in-the-year-the-sea-shepherd-conse.md) _Context: Sea Shepherd Conservation Society, hunt_
8. [ Japan abandons its whaling hunt in the Southern Ocean for this year due to the damage caused to the "Nisshin Maru". ](/news/2007/02/28/japan-abandons-its-whaling-hunt-in-the-southern-ocean-for-this-year-due-to-the-damage-caused-to-the-nisshin-maru.md) _Context: Southern Ocean, hunt_
9. [ Chris Ellison, the Australian Minister for Justice, warns anti-whaling protesters and the Japanese whaling fleet that they could face questioning over recent clashes in the Southern Ocean. Meanwhile, the crew were evacuated from the largest ship in the Japanese Antarctic fleet, the "Nisshin Maru," following a fire. ](/news/2007/02/15/chris-ellison-the-australian-minister-for-justice-warns-anti-whaling-protesters-and-the-japanese-whaling-fleet-that-they-could-face-quest.md) _Context: Southern Ocean, hunt_
10. [At an annual meeting of the Convention for the Conservation of Antarctic Marine Living Resources in Hobart, Australia, twenty-four countries and the European Union agree to create the world's largest marine park in Antarctica's Ross Sea. The marine park will cover more than 12 percent of the Southern Ocean, and will be protected from commercial fishing for 35 years. ](/news/2016/10/28/at-an-annual-meeting-of-the-convention-for-the-conservation-of-antarctic-marine-living-resources-in-hobart-australia-twenty-four-countries.md) _Context: Southern Ocean_
