### [2013-02-20](/news/2013/02/20/index.md)

# Mark Zuckerberg of Facebook, Sergey Brin of Google and venture capitalist Yuri Milner jointly establish the Breakthrough Prize in Life Sciences to reward excellence in life sciences with 11 individual prizes of $3 million. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/science/2013/feb/20/breakthrough-prize-silicon-valley-entrepreneurs)

### Related:

1. [Mark Zuckerberg publishes a new mission statement for his website, Facebook, including the development of artificial intelligence to identify potential tragic events such as suicides before they occur. ](/news/2017/02/17/mark-zuckerberg-publishes-a-new-mission-statement-for-his-website-facebook-including-the-development-of-artificial-intelligence-to-identif.md) _Context: Facebook, Mark Zuckerberg_
2. [The father of Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While generally free of liability under U.S. law which provides a legal "safe harbor" for content posted, this case targets the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015-paris-massacre-files-suit-in.md) _Context: Facebook, Google_
3. [Mark Zuckerberg, the CEO of Facebook, met with a group of prominent U.S. conservatives, over allegations that the company censors conservative content. ](/news/2016/05/18/mark-zuckerberg-the-ceo-of-facebook-met-with-a-group-of-prominent-u-s-conservatives-over-allegations-that-the-company-censors-conservati.md) _Context: Facebook, Mark Zuckerberg_
4. [Facebook chief executive Mark Zuckerberg announces the plan to donate 99 percent of the company stock he and his wife Priscilla Chan own over their lifetimes, shares today worth about $45 billion, to "advance human potential and promote equality for all children." ](/news/2015/12/1/facebook-chief-executive-mark-zuckerberg-announces-the-plan-to-donate-99-percent-of-the-company-stock-he-and-his-wife-priscilla-chan-own-ove.md) _Context: Facebook, Mark Zuckerberg_
5. [The United States Federal Communications Commission rejects privacy advocacy group Consumer Watchdog's petition to make it illegal for Internet companies like Google, Facebook and ad providers to ignore "Do Not Track" browser settings. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-united-states-federal-communications-commission-rejects-privacy-advocacy-group-consumer-watchdog-s-petition-to-make-it-illegal-for-inter.md) _Context: Facebook, Google_
6. [The European Court of Justice decides an international agreement, generally known as a Safe Harbor rule, used by thousands of companies for moving people's digital data between the European Union and the United States is invalid, effective immediately. The decision throws into doubt how global technology giants like Facebook, Amazon and Google can collect, manage, and analyze online information from their millions of users in the 28-member bloc. Decisions by this court, the highest legal authority in the EU, cannot be appealed. ](/news/2015/10/6/the-european-court-of-justice-decides-an-international-agreement-generally-known-as-a-safe-harbor-rule-used-by-thousands-of-companies-for.md) _Context: Facebook, Google_
7. [The U.S. Justice Department and the Director of National Intelligence reach a preliminary joint agreement, likely resolving a lawsuit with the major American Internet provider companies (Google, Yahoo, Facebook, Microsoft, and LinkedIn), about the information the companies can release to customers regarding requests by the intelligence agencies for information. ](/news/2014/01/27/the-u-s-justice-department-and-the-director-of-national-intelligence-reach-a-preliminary-joint-agreement-likely-resolving-a-lawsuit-with-t.md) _Context: Facebook, Google_
8. [The Guardian obtains a copy of a document from April that reveals that the NSA is mining data using PRISM, spying on the e-mails and web activities of American citizens through direct access to Google, Apple, Microsoft, Facebook, YouTube, Skype, Yahoo, Paltalk and AOL. The Guardian's report does not state from whom they obtained the document. ](/news/2013/06/6/the-guardian-obtains-a-copy-of-a-document-from-april-that-reveals-that-the-nsa-is-mining-data-using-prism-spying-on-the-e-mails-and-web-act.md) _Context: Facebook, Google_
9. [Major websites, such as Google, Facebook, and others, participate in World IPv6 Day. ](/news/2011/06/8/major-websites-such-as-google-facebook-and-others-participate-in-world-ipv6-day.md) _Context: Facebook, Google_
10. [After the Egyptian government censorship of social media websites (such as Twitter, Facebook and Google), internet access and SMS networks are cut off in response to anti-government protests. ](/news/2011/01/28/after-the-egyptian-government-censorship-of-social-media-websites-such-as-twitter-facebook-and-google-internet-access-and-sms-networks-a.md) _Context: Facebook, Google_
