### [2003-07-22](/news/2003/07/22/index.md)

#  Fighting continues and the death toll rises in Liberia as rebels move into Monrovia to depose President Charles Taylor.




### Related:

1. [ Liberian President and convicted war criminal Charles Taylor, who is to step down tomorrow, has appealed to rebels to "submit to the democratic process'". He also accuses the United States of funding the rebels who have besieged the capital, Monrovia, for a week.](/news/2003/08/10/liberian-president-and-convicted-war-criminal-charles-taylor-who-is-to-step-down-tomorrow-has-appealed-to-rebels-to-submit-to-the-democr.md) _Context: Charles G. Taylor, Liberia, Monrovia_
2. [A 15-year-old boy from Liberia's Paynesville district, who tested positive for Ebola last week, dies of the disease at a treatment center near the capital, Monrovia, just over 11 weeks after the World Health Organization (WHO) declared the country free of the virus. The boy's father and brother, who also tested positive, are at the center; his mother and two other siblings were admitted for observation. In addition, 160 people who came in direct contact with the boy, are being monitored. ](/news/2015/11/24/a-15-year-old-boy-from-liberia-s-paynesville-district-who-tested-positive-for-ebola-last-week-dies-of-the-disease-at-a-treatment-center-ne.md) _Context: Liberia, Monrovia_
3. [Liberia's last known ebola patient is discharged from a treatment center in Monrovia. The country now needs 42 days without a subsequent diagnosed infection to be declared disease free. ](/news/2015/03/5/liberia-s-last-known-ebola-patient-is-discharged-from-a-treatment-center-in-monrovia-the-country-now-needs-42-days-without-a-subsequent-dia.md) _Context: Liberia, Monrovia_
4. [Seven people are reported to have died from the latest outbreak of Ebola virus in Monrovia, Liberia. ](/news/2014/06/18/seven-people-are-reported-to-have-died-from-the-latest-outbreak-of-ebola-virus-in-monrovia-liberia.md) _Context: Liberia, Monrovia_
5. [Liberian deputy parliamentary speaker Togba Mulbah is released after briefly being held under house arrest in Monrovia for allegedly ordering the beating unconscious of a policeman. ](/news/2010/07/11/liberian-deputy-parliamentary-speaker-togba-mulbah-is-released-after-briefly-being-held-under-house-arrest-in-monrovia-for-allegedly-orderin.md) _Context: Liberia, Monrovia_
6. [ At least 8 people are suffocated at the Samuel K. Doe stadium in Monrovia, Liberia in a 2010 World Cup qualification match between Liberia and Gambia. ](/news/2008/06/1/at-least-8-people-are-suffocated-at-the-samuel-k-doe-stadium-in-monrovia-liberia-in-a-2010-world-cup-qualification-match-between-liberia.md) _Context: Liberia, Monrovia_
7. [ The government of Liberia submits a bill to the Parliament which would allow the seizure of the assets of former President Charles G. Taylor, his relatives and associates. ](/news/2007/07/12/the-government-of-liberia-submits-a-bill-to-the-parliament-which-would-allow-the-seizure-of-the-assets-of-former-president-charles-g-taylo.md) _Context: Charles G. Taylor, Liberia_
8. [ The United Kingdom agrees to jail former Liberian president Charles Taylor if he is convicted, removing a key obstacle to a proposed trial to be held at The Hague under the auspices of the Special Court for Sierra Leone. ](/news/2006/06/15/the-united-kingdom-agrees-to-jail-former-liberian-president-charles-taylor-if-he-is-convicted-removing-a-key-obstacle-to-a-proposed-trial.md) _Context: Charles G. Taylor, Liberia_
9. [ Former Liberian President Charles Taylor is captured after disappearing in Nigeria and is extradited to Sierra Leone. ](/news/2006/03/29/former-liberian-president-charles-taylor-is-captured-after-disappearing-in-nigeria-and-is-extradited-to-sierra-leone.md) _Context: Charles G. Taylor, Liberia_
10. [ Former Liberian President Charles Taylor disappears after Nigeria agrees to extradite him to face war crime charges in Sierra Leone. ](/news/2006/03/28/former-liberian-president-charles-taylor-disappears-after-nigeria-agrees-to-extradite-him-to-face-war-crime-charges-in-sierra-leone.md) _Context: Charles G. Taylor, Liberia_
