### [2000-07-18](/news/2000/07/18/index.md)

#  Alex Salmond resigns as the leader of the Scottish National Party.




### Related:

1. [Nicola Sturgeon will succeed Alex Salmond as leader of the Scottish National Party and First Minister of Scotland after she was the only candidate to put their name forward in the party's leadership election. ](/news/2014/10/15/nicola-sturgeon-will-succeed-alex-salmond-as-leader-of-the-scottish-national-party-and-first-minister-of-scotland-after-she-was-the-only-can.md) _Context: Alex Salmond, Scottish National Party_
2. [ Alex Salmond, the leader of the Scottish National Party, is elected as the first non-Labour First Minister of Scotland.  ](/news/2007/05/16/alex-salmond-the-leader-of-the-scottish-national-party-is-elected-as-the-first-non-labour-first-minister-of-scotland.md) _Context: Alex Salmond, Scottish National Party_
3. [Thousands, including some  from Australia, protest in London, England, against the  renewal of the United Kingdom's Trident nuclear deterrent system, the largest anti-nuclear rally since 1983. Leader of the Labour Party Jeremy Corbyn, Scottish National Party leader and First Minister of Scotland Nicola Sturgeon, the Welsh Plaid Cymru Party, and the Green Party participated in the march. A parliamentary vote on renewing Trident is expected this year. ](/news/2016/02/27/thousands-including-some-from-australia-protest-in-london-england-against-the-renewal-of-the-united-kingdom-s-trident-nuclear-deterren.md) _Context: Scottish National Party_
4. [The UK House of Commons passes an "English votes for English laws" bill by 312 to 270 votes giving English MPs a greater say over legislation that only applies to England. The bill has been fiercely opposed by the opposition Labour Party and the Scottish National Party. ](/news/2015/10/22/the-uk-house-of-commons-passes-an-english-votes-for-english-laws-bill-by-312-to-270-votes-giving-english-mps-a-greater-say-over-legislatio.md) _Context: Scottish National Party_
5. [The Conservative Party has won a majority in the 2015 general election, enabling them to lead without requiring a coalition government. The Scottish National Party claims all but three seats in Scotland. ](/news/2015/05/8/the-conservative-party-has-won-a-majority-in-the-2015-general-election-enabling-them-to-lead-without-requiring-a-coalition-government-the.md) _Context: Scottish National Party_
6. [Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond says that blocking a post-independence Scotland from a currency union could damage businesses in the rest of the United Kingdom. ](/news/2014/02/17/scottish-first-minister-alex-salmond-says-that-blocking-a-post-independence-scotland-from-a-currency-union-could-damage-businesses-in-the-re.md) _Context: Alex Salmond_
7. [Former SNP politician Bill Walker resigns as a Member of the Scottish Parliament following conviction for a series of domestic abuse offences. ](/news/2013/09/7/former-snp-politician-bill-walker-resigns-as-a-member-of-the-scottish-parliament-following-conviction-for-a-series-of-domestic-abuse-offence.md) _Context: Scottish National Party_
8. [Two MSPs - John Finnie and Jean Urquhart - resign from the Scottish National Party over its stance on NATO, effectively reducing the party's absolute majority in the Scottish Parliament to two. ](/news/2012/10/23/two-msps-a-john-finnie-and-jean-urquhart-a-resign-from-the-scottish-national-party-over-its-stance-on-nato-effectively-reducing-the-par.md) _Context: Scottish National Party_
9. [British Prime Minister David Cameron and Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond agree a deal setting out the terms of a referendum on Scottish independence at a meeting in Edinburgh. ](/news/2012/10/15/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-and-scottish-first-minister-alex-salmond-agree-a-deal-setting-out-the-terms-of-a-referendum-on-scottish.md) _Context: Alex Salmond_
10. [At the Leveson Inquiry into media standards Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond claims that ''The Observer'' accessed his bank account records in the run up to the 1999 Scottish Parliament election. ](/news/2012/06/13/at-the-leveson-inquiry-into-media-standards-scottish-first-minister-alex-salmond-claims-that-the-observer-accessed-his-bank-account-reco.md) _Context: Alex Salmond_
