### [2015-03-13](/news/2015/03/13/index.md)

# A Myanmar air raid aimed at rebels on its border with China drops bombs on the Chinese city of Lincang killing four people. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2015/03/13/world/asia/ap-as-china-myanmar.html)

### Related:

1. [The People's Republic of China claims that the Golden Triangle regions of Laos, Myanmar and Thailand are the source of most of its imports of heroin and methamphetamine. The region has been known for drug cultivation for centuries. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-people-s-republic-of-china-claims-that-the-golden-triangle-regions-of-laos-myanmar-and-thailand-are-the-source-of-most-of-its-imports-o.md) _Context: China, Myanmar_
2. [Myanmar drug lord and convicted murderer Naw Kham is executed by lethal injection in Kunming, Yunnan Province, China. ](/news/2013/03/1/myanmar-drug-lord-and-convicted-murderer-naw-kham-is-executed-by-lethal-injection-in-kunming-yunnan-province-china.md) _Context: China, Myanmar_
3. [ A 6.4 magnitude earthquake strikes southern China near the Myanmar and Laos borders, causing casualties. ](/news/2007/06/3/a-6-4-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-southern-china-near-the-myanmar-and-laos-borders-causing-casualties.md) _Context: China, Myanmar_
4. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: China_
5. [A Chinese state company signs an order with Airbus for 100 A320 and 40 A350 airplanes. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-chinese-state-company-signs-an-order-with-airbus-for-100-a320-and-40-a350-airplanes.md) _Context: China_
6. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: China_
7. [A mob of at least a hundred Rakhine Buddhists in Sittwe, Rakhine State, Myanmar, attack seven Rohingya men from Dapaing Camp for internally displaced persons, killing one and severely injuring another. The Rohingya men were being escorted by police to Sittwe's docks to purchase boats, but were attacked despite armed guards being present. ](/news/2017/07/4/a-mob-of-at-least-a-hundred-rakhine-buddhists-in-sittwe-rakhine-state-myanmar-attack-seven-rohingya-men-from-dapaing-camp-for-internally.md) _Context: Myanmar_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: China_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: China_
10. [Amid a stand-off between India and China over the disputed territory of Doklam which is claimed by Bhutan, the Indian National Congress denies the meeting of Rahul Gandhi with the Chinese ambassador to India. ](/news/2017/07/10/amid-a-stand-off-between-india-and-china-over-the-disputed-territory-of-doklam-which-is-claimed-by-bhutan-the-indian-national-congress-deni.md) _Context: China_
