### [2014-08-7](/news/2014/08/7/index.md)

# 2014 Northern Iraq offensive:. The Islamic State captures a range of cities inhabited primarily by Assyrian/Chaldean Christians in Northern Iraq, notably Bakhdida, Bartella, Qaraqosh, Tel Keppe, Karamlish and Tel Isqof; thousands flee, while many Yazidis are caught in the newly-captured city of Sinjar. 

Go to NBCNews.com for breaking news, videos, and the latest top stories in world news, business, politics, health and pop culture.


### Source:

1. [Al-Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2014/08/iraq-yazidis-islamic-state-sinjar-2014856612595603.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-28686998)
3. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/#/news/video/watch-live-president-obama-delivers-statement-iraq-n175676)
4. [Washington Examiner](http://washingtonexaminer.com/obama-authorizes-limited-airstrikes-in-iraq/article/2551822)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. 2015 al-Qamishli bombings. Several suicide-bomb attacks targeting Assyrian Christians celebrating New Year's Eve at restaurants in the Kurdish-controlled Syrian city of Al-Qamishli, Al-Hasakah Governorate, leave at least 16 people dead and 35 wounded. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant are suspected to be behind the bombings. ](/news/2015/12/30/syrian-civil-war-2015-al-qamishli-bombings-several-suicide-bomb-attacks-targeting-assyrian-christians-celebrating-new-year-s-eve-at-restau.md) _Context: Chaldean, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
2. [Syrian Civil War. The Assyrian Human Rights Network (AHRN) reports Islamic State militants released 37 Syrian Christians, mostly women, who were among more than 200 people from the Assyrian minority group abducted in February. ](/news/2015/11/7/syrian-civil-war-the-assyrian-human-rights-network-ahrn-reports-islamic-state-militants-released-37-syrian-christians-mostly-women-who.md) _Context: Chaldean, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Persecution of Yazidis by ISIL. Kurdish Peshmerga forces discover a mass grave believed to contain the remains of more than 70 members of Iraq's Yazidi minority, mostly women, east of the recently liberated town of Sinjar. ](/news/2015/11/14/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-persecution-of-yazidis-by-isil-kurdish-peshmerga-forces-discover-a-mass-grave-believed-to-contain-the-rem.md) _Context: Sinjar, Yazidi minority_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). November 2015 Sinjar offensive. Kurdish Peshmerga forces backed by U.S. airstrikes seize control of Sinjar in northern Iraq. Sinjar has been under Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant occupation since August 2014. ](/news/2015/11/13/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-november-2015-sinjar-offensive-kurdish-peshmerga-forces-backed-by-u-s-airstrikes-seize-control-of-sinjar.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Sinjar_
5. [American-led intervention. Kurdish forces, backed by U.S. airstrikes, capture several villages in an offensive to retake the Iraqi town of Sinjar from Islamic State militants, who overran it more than a year ago. The operation aims to cordon off the town, take control of Islamic State supply routes, and establish a buffer zone to protect the town from artillery, according to the Kurdish national security council. ](/news/2015/11/12/american-led-intervention-kurdish-forces-backed-by-u-s-airstrikes-capture-several-villages-in-an-offensive-to-retake-the-iraqi-town-of-s.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Sinjar_
6. [Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights estimates that ISIL kidnapped at least 150 people from Assyrian Christian villages in Syria in a series of February 23 raids. ](/news/2015/02/24/islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-estimates-that-isil-kidnapped-at-least-150-people-from-assyria.md) _Context: Chaldean, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [2014 Northern Iraq offensive. The Islamic State seizes the Yazidi-dominated town of Sinjar. ](/news/2014/08/3/2014-northern-iraq-offensive-the-islamic-state-seizes-the-yazidi-dominated-town-of-sinjar.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Sinjar_
8. [Iraqi Civil War. Tal Afar offensive (2017). Iraqi security forces, along with Shi'ite volunteers and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, launch a ground offensive to take the city of Tal Afar back from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. The city has been isolated from the rest of the ISIL-held territory since the recent Mosul liberation. ](/news/2017/08/20/iraqi-civil-war-tal-afar-offensive-2017-iraqi-security-forces-along-with-shi-ite-volunteers-and-kurdish-peshmerga-fighters-launch-a-gr.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon. The Lebanese Armed Forces launches operation "Fajr al-Joroud", and on the first day recaptures 30 km of territory near the Lebanon-Syria border formerly occupied by ISIS militants. Twenty ISIS militants were killed and 10 Lebanese soldiers were wounded. ](/news/2017/08/19/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-the-lebanese-armed-forces-launches-operation-fajr-al-joroud-and-on-the-first-day-recaptures-30-km.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [2017 Barcelona attack. A van drives into crowds of people in La Rambla, Barcelona, in what Spanish police are calling a terrorist attack, killing at least 12 people. Two suspects are taken into custody, and ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/08/17/2017-barcelona-attack-a-van-drives-into-crowds-of-people-in-la-rambla-barcelona-in-what-spanish-police-are-calling-a-terrorist-attack-ki.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
