### [2014-08-7](/news/2014/08/7/index.md)

# A United Nations backed war crimes tribunal sentences former Khmer Rouge leaders Khieu Samphan and Nuon Chea to life imprisonment for their roles in the Cambodian genocide that claimed a quarter of the population between 1975 and 1979. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted2.ap.org/APDEFAULT/3d281c11a96b4ad082fe88aa0db04305/Article_2014-08-06-AS--Cambodia-Khmer%20Rouge%20Verdict/id-c914a618dc81447c9ce2c909fd9cb260)

### Related:

1. [A United Nations-backed tribunal in Cambodia holds its first hearings in the trial of four former senior Khmer Rouge officials, including former head of state Khieu Samphan and Pol Pot's deputy Nuon Chea. ](/news/2011/06/27/a-united-nations-backed-tribunal-in-cambodia-holds-its-first-hearings-in-the-trial-of-four-former-senior-khmer-rouge-officials-including-fo.md) _Context: Khieu Samphan, Khmer Rouge, Nuon Chea, United Nations_
2. [The United Nations-backed Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia indict four Khmer Rouge leaders for genocide, war crimes and crimes against humanity for their role in the  regime in the late 1970s, including Pol Pot's deputy Nuon Chea, former Foreign Minister Ieng Sary, Social Affairs minister Ieng Thirith and head of state Khieu Samphan. ](/news/2010/09/16/the-united-nations-backed-extraordinary-chambers-in-the-courts-of-cambodia-indict-four-khmer-rouge-leaders-for-genocide-war-crimes-and-crim.md) _Context: Khieu Samphan, Khmer Rouge, Nuon Chea, United Nations_
3. [Nuon Chea, the most senior surviving Khmer Rouge leader, is declared fit for trial by a United Nations-backed court in Cambodia. ](/news/2013/03/30/nuon-chea-the-most-senior-surviving-khmer-rouge-leader-is-declared-fit-for-trial-by-a-united-nations-backed-court-in-cambodia.md) _Context: Khmer Rouge, Nuon Chea, United Nations_
4. [Nuon Chea and Khieu Samphan, two of the most senior surviving leaders of the Khmer Rouge, appear in a Cambodian court to request release from pre-trial detention. ](/news/2011/01/31/nuon-chea-and-khieu-samphan-two-of-the-most-senior-surviving-leaders-of-the-khmer-rouge-appear-in-a-cambodian-court-to-request-release-fro.md) _Context: Khieu Samphan, Khmer Rouge, Nuon Chea_
5. [ Officials from a UN-backed genocide tribunal detain Nuon Chea, the most senior surviving member of the Khmer Rouge regime. ](/news/2007/09/19/officials-from-a-un-backed-genocide-tribunal-detain-nuon-chea-the-most-senior-surviving-member-of-the-khmer-rouge-regime.md) _Context: Khmer Rouge, Nuon Chea, United Nations_
6. [ Khieu Samphan, the former Khmer Rouge head of state, is charged with war crimes and crimes against humanity by a Cambodian tribunal. ](/news/2007/11/19/khieu-samphan-the-former-khmer-rouge-head-of-state-is-charged-with-war-crimes-and-crimes-against-humanity-by-a-cambodian-tribunal.md) _Context: Khieu Samphan, Khmer Rouge_
7. [ Khang Khek Ieu aka Comrade Duch, a former Khmer Rouge prison chief, has been handed over to a United Nations backed genocide tribunal. ](/news/2007/07/31/khang-khek-ieu-aka-comrade-duch-a-former-khmer-rouge-prison-chief-has-been-handed-over-to-a-united-nations-backed-genocide-tribunal.md) _Context: Khmer Rouge, United Nations_
8. [ Japan pledges over $21M in support of a United Nations-backed independent tribunal of Khmer Rouge leaders in Cambodia. The proposed tribunal is for crimes against humanity. ](/news/2005/02/11/japan-pledges-over-21m-in-support-of-a-united-nations-backed-independent-tribunal-of-khmer-rouge-leaders-in-cambodia-the-proposed-tribuna.md) _Context: Khmer Rouge, United Nations_
9. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
