### [2014-05-1](/news/2014/05/1/index.md)

# The People's Republic of China and Russia announce plans to hold joint naval exercises in the East China Sea in late May amid regional tensions about islands and airspace. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/china-russia-hold-east-china-sea-naval-drills)

### Related:

1. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, Russia_
2. [Russia vetoes a French-drafted United Nations Security Council resolution that calls for a ceasefire in Aleppo. China, which had backed Russia's four previous Syria-related vetoes, abstains. ](/news/2016/10/8/russia-vetoes-a-french-drafted-united-nations-security-council-resolution-that-calls-for-a-ceasefire-in-aleppo-china-which-had-backed-russ.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, Russia_
3. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-united-states-refuses-to-sell-some-weapons.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, Russia_
4. [Japan summons China's ambassador, Cheng Yonghua, to Tokyo after a People's Liberation Army Navy warship sailed close to its territorial waters near the disputed Senkaku Islands in the East China Sea for the first time. ](/news/2016/06/9/japan-summons-china-s-ambassador-cheng-yonghua-to-tokyo-after-a-people-s-liberation-army-navy-warship-sailed-close-to-its-territorial-wate.md) _Context: East China Sea, People's Republic of China_
5. [Russia postpones a transfer of missile engines to China. There is concern the technology could be passed on to a third country, such as North Korea.  China is not a member of the Missile Technology Control Regime, a voluntary, informal partnership between 34 countries to prevent proliferation of missile  delivery systems that could carry weapons of mass destruction. ](/news/2016/04/8/russia-postpones-a-transfer-of-missile-engines-to-china-there-is-concern-the-technology-could-be-passed-on-to-a-third-country-such-as-nort.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, Russia_
6. [The United Nations Security Council vote on the United States-China draft resolution on North Korea is rescheduled to 10:00 a.m. EST Wednesday.   Russia requests more time to review the text. ](/news/2016/03/1/the-united-nations-security-council-vote-on-the-united-states-china-draft-resolution-on-north-korea-is-rescheduled-to-10-00-a-m-est-wednesd.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, Russia_
7. [Russia and China agree to a US$2 billion fund for agricultural investments in both countries. ](/news/2015/05/8/russia-and-china-agree-to-a-us-2-billion-fund-for-agricultural-investments-in-both-countries.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, Russia_
8. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, Russia_
9. [The cabinet of Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe approves a record defence budget with a plan to buy surveillance aircraft and Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II fighter jets to improve security of uninhabited islands in the East China Sea claimed by both Japan and China. ](/news/2015/01/14/the-cabinet-of-prime-minister-of-japan-shinzo-abe-approves-a-record-defence-budget-with-a-plan-to-buy-surveillance-aircraft-and-lockheed-mar.md) _Context: East China Sea, People's Republic of China_
10. [Eleven (11) of 15 United Nations Security Council members approve placing North Korea's human rights record on the Council's agenda. Russia and China oppose the decision while Chad and Nigeria abstain. This is the first time this issue has been debated by the Security Council. Procedurally, once a topic makes the agenda, that issue can be brought up again at any time. ](/news/2014/12/22/eleven-11-of-15-united-nations-security-council-members-approve-placing-north-korea-s-human-rights-record-on-the-council-s-agenda-russia.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, Russia_
