### [2005-12-18](/news/2005/12/18/index.md)

#  U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney is on a trip to various countries including Oman, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Egypt and Saudi Arabia. He made a surprise stop to Iraq today. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20051218/ap_on_re_mi_ea/cheney_iraq (Yahoo! News)] (Link dead as of 22:48, 14 January 2007 (UTC)), [http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L18757872.htm (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 22:48, 14 January 2007 (UTC))




### Related:

1. [ Vice President of the United States Dick Cheney makes surprise visits to Pakistan and Afghanistan to encourage President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf and President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai to increase border security between the two countries and to take further action against the Taliban and al-Qaeda. ](/news/2007/02/26/vice-president-of-the-united-states-dick-cheney-makes-surprise-visits-to-pakistan-and-afghanistan-to-encourage-president-of-pakistan-pervez.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Dick Cheney, Pakistan, U.S. Vice President_
2. [At least 18 people are killed and 16 others injured in a multi-vehicle accident involving a bus near Nahdah in northwestern Oman. Six of the dead were from Oman, four from Saudi Arabia, two from Pakistan, and one from Yemen. Five others are unidentified. ](/news/2016/03/1/at-least-18-people-are-killed-and-16-others-injured-in-a-multi-vehicle-accident-involving-a-bus-near-nahdah-in-northwestern-oman-six-of-the.md) _Context: Oman, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia_
3. [Saudi Arabia announces the formation of a 34-member Islamic Military Alliance against terrorism including Egypt, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, Turkey, Malaysia and Pakistan with a joint operations centre based in Riyadh. ](/news/2015/12/15/saudi-arabia-announces-the-formation-of-a-34-member-islamic-military-alliance-against-terrorism-including-egypt-qatar-the-united-arab-emir.md) _Context: Egypt, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia_
4. [ The Vice-President of the United States Dick Cheney makes an unannounced visit to Afghanistan to hold discussions with the President of Afghanistan. ](/news/2008/03/20/the-vice-president-of-the-united-states-dick-cheney-makes-an-unannounced-visit-to-afghanistan-to-hold-discussions-with-the-president-of-afg.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Dick Cheney, U.S. Vice President_
5. [ War in Iraq:: United States Vice President Dick Cheney visits Baghdad, three days before the fifth anniversary of the 2003 invasion. ](/news/2008/03/17/war-in-iraq-united-states-vice-president-dick-cheney-visits-baghdad-three-days-before-the-fifth-anniversary-of-the-2003-invasion.md) _Context: Dick Cheney, Iraq, U.S. Vice President_
6. [ Vice President of the United States Dick Cheney visits Japan to discuss regional security issues and Iraq. ](/news/2007/02/20/vice-president-of-the-united-states-dick-cheney-visits-japan-to-discuss-regional-security-issues-and-iraq.md) _Context: Dick Cheney, Iraq, U.S. Vice President_
7. [ Dick Cheney, Vice-President of the United States, is reported to have arrived in Iraq to spend Thanksgiving with US forces, though this is denied by his spokesperson. ](/news/2006/11/23/dick-cheney-vice-president-of-the-united-states-is-reported-to-have-arrived-in-iraq-to-spend-thanksgiving-with-us-forces-though-this-is.md) _Context: Dick Cheney, Iraq, U.S. Vice President_
8. [ Guantnamo Bay Qur'an desecration allegations: United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice promises "prompt action" if investigations prove that the Quran was desecrated by U.S. soldiers in Guantnamo Bay, Cuba. The Saudi Arabian government voices its "deep indignation" and has demanded a quick investigation and punishment for the perpetrators if found to be true. Seven people have died in Afghanistan following Anti-American protests in the wake of the allegations. There have also been protests in Pakistan and Indonesia. ](/news/2005/05/13/guantanamo-bay-qur-an-desecration-allegations-united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-promises-prompt-action-if-investigations.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan, Saudi Arabia_
9. [2017 Qatar crisis: Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/2017-qatar-crisis-qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt.md) _Context: Egypt, Saudi Arabia_
10. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognize.md) _Context: Egypt, Saudi Arabia_
