### [2008-09-15](/news/2008/09/15/index.md)

#  A power-sharing agreement between Zimbabwean president Robert Mugabe and opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai is officially signed, making Tsvangirai Prime Minister of Zimbabwe and chair of cabinet meetings. Mugabe maintains his position as president and remains in control of the country's army. 

Zimbabwe&#039;s President Robert Mugabe and the opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai have signed a power-sharing deal in Harare designed to solve the political and economic crisis crippling the country.


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/africaandindianocean/zimbabwe/2961901/Zimbabwe-leaders-Robert-Mugabe-and-Morgan-Tsvangirai-sign-power-sharing-deal.html)

### Related:

1. [Zimbabwe's top court rules that the general election should be held on July 31 despite an appeal by President Robert Mugabe and his main rival Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai. ](/news/2013/07/5/zimbabwe-s-top-court-rules-that-the-general-election-should-be-held-on-july-31-despite-an-appeal-by-president-robert-mugabe-and-his-main-riv.md) _Context: Morgan Tsvangirai, Prime Minister, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
2. [ Movement for Democratic Change President Morgan Tsvangirai agrees to become Zimbabwe's Prime Minister on February 11 in a deal with President Robert Mugabe. ](/news/2009/01/31/movement-for-democratic-change-president-morgan-tsvangirai-agrees-to-become-zimbabwe-s-prime-minister-on-february-11-in-a-deal-with-preside.md) _Context: Morgan Tsvangirai, Prime Minister, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
3. [ Morgan Tsvangirai of Zimbabwe's Movement for Democratic Change states that power-sharing talks with President Robert Mugabe have failed to reach an agreement. ](/news/2008/10/17/morgan-tsvangirai-of-zimbabwe-s-movement-for-democratic-change-states-that-power-sharing-talks-with-president-robert-mugabe-have-failed-to.md) _Context: Morgan Tsvangirai, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe, power-sharing talks_
4. [ Former South African President Thabo Mbeki will mediate between the Movement for Democratic Change and Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe's government after Mugabe takes control of ministries that command the military and the police, an action that allegedly violates the power-sharing agreement reached last month. ](/news/2008/10/11/former-south-african-president-thabo-mbeki-will-mediate-between-the-movement-for-democratic-change-and-zimbabwean-president-robert-mugabe-s.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe, military, power-sharing talks_
5. [The incumbent President of Zimbabwe, Robert Mugabe, determines that elections will be scheduled for 31 July 2013, however Mugabe's leading presidential contestant and primary political rival Morgan Tsvangirai rejects this as being "a unilateral and flagrant breach of the constitution". ](/news/2013/06/13/the-incumbent-president-of-zimbabwe-robert-mugabe-determines-that-elections-will-be-scheduled-for-31-july-2013-however-mugabe-s-leading-p.md) _Context: Morgan Tsvangirai, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
6. [Zimbabwean Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai says the country is descending into a "police state" and urges regional intervention, at a rally banned by police. ](/news/2011/03/18/zimbabwean-prime-minister-morgan-tsvangirai-says-the-country-is-descending-into-a-police-state-and-urges-regional-intervention-at-a-rally.md) _Context: Morgan Tsvangirai, Prime Minister, Zimbabwe_
7. [Zimbabwean Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai calls for an end to the country's unity government after one of his party members is arrested. ](/news/2011/03/11/zimbabwean-prime-minister-morgan-tsvangirai-calls-for-an-end-to-the-country-s-unity-government-after-one-of-his-party-members-is-arrested.md) _Context: Morgan Tsvangirai, Prime Minister, Zimbabwe_
8. [Zimbabwean Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai charges his President Robert Mugabe with violating the constitution and unilateral decision-making. Mugabe and his party fail to respond in public. ](/news/2010/10/7/zimbabwean-prime-minister-morgan-tsvangirai-charges-his-president-robert-mugabe-with-violating-the-constitution-and-unilateral-decision-maki.md) _Context: Morgan Tsvangirai, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
9. [Robert Mugabe, Morgan Tsvangirai and Arthur Mutambara, in a rare display of solidarity, call for an end to international sanctions on Zimbabwe and instead request investment. ](/news/2010/05/6/robert-mugabe-morgan-tsvangirai-and-arthur-mutambara-in-a-rare-display-of-solidarity-call-for-an-end-to-international-sanctions-on-zimbab.md) _Context: Morgan Tsvangirai, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
10. [President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad arrives in Zimbabwe; Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai's Movement for Democratic Change - Tsvangirai objects, labelling Mr Ahmadinejad a "war-monger, a trampler of human rights [and] an executioner". ](/news/2010/04/22/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-arrives-in-zimbabwe-prime-minister-morgan-tsvangirai-s-movement-for-democratic-change-a-tsvangirai.md) _Context: Morgan Tsvangirai, Prime Minister, Zimbabwe_
