### [2008-09-15](/news/2008/09/15/index.md)

#  Six men have been found guilty of terrorism-related offences in Melbourne, Australia. Abdul Nacer Benbrika was found guilty of intentionally directing the activities of a terrorist organization while five other men were found guilty of being members of the same organisation. Four other men were acquitted and the jury is still considering its verdict on two men. 

Six men have been found guilty of forming a Melbourne-based terrorist cell.


### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2008/09/15/2364753.htm)

### Related:

1. [ Six men have been found guilty of terrorism-related offences in Melbourne, Australia. Abdul Nacer Benbrika was found guilty of intentionally directing the activities of a terrorist organization while five other men were found guilty of being members of the same organization. Four other men were acquitted and the jury is still considering its verdict on two men. ](/news/2008/09/16/six-men-have-been-found-guilty-of-terrorism-related-offences-in-melbourne-australia-abdul-nacer-benbrika-was-found-guilty-of-intentionall.md) _Context: Abdul Nacer Benbrika, Australia, Melbourne_
2. [Three people have been killed and twenty injured after a man drives a car into the Bourke Street Mall in the CBD of the Australian city Melbourne. A man has been arrested and Victoria Police say the incident is not terror related. In the next few weeks, the death toll would rise to 6.](/news/2017/01/20/three-people-have-been-killed-and-twenty-injured-after-a-man-drives-a-car-into-the-bourke-street-mall-in-the-cbd-of-the-australian-city-melb.md) _Context: Australia, Melbourne_
3. [The death toll from an outbreak of thunderstorm asthma on 21 November in the Australian city of Melbourne reaches 6. Three others are in a critical condition. ](/news/2016/11/27/the-death-toll-from-an-outbreak-of-thunderstorm-asthma-on-21-november-in-the-australian-city-of-melbourne-reaches-6-three-others-are-in-a-c.md) _Context: Australia, Melbourne_
4. [Cardinal George Pell, the third most senior person in the Roman Catholic Church, gives evidence to the Royal Commission in Rome dealing with his time as a priest in the Australian cities of Ballarat and Melbourne. ](/news/2016/02/28/cardinal-george-pell-the-third-most-senior-person-in-the-roman-catholic-church-gives-evidence-to-the-royal-commission-in-rome-dealing-with.md) _Context: Australia, Melbourne_
5. [State Emergency Service volunteers respond to more than 3000 calls for help after Melbourne, Australia is hit by a series of storms bringing rainstorms, hail and a tornado. ](/news/2011/12/25/state-emergency-service-volunteers-respond-to-more-than-3000-calls-for-help-after-melbourne-australia-is-hit-by-a-series-of-storms-bringing.md) _Context: Australia, Melbourne_
6. [The remains of Australian bushranger Ned Kelly are found in the former HM Prison Pentridge in Melbourne, Victoria. ](/news/2011/09/1/the-remains-of-australian-bushranger-ned-kelly-are-found-in-the-former-hm-prison-pentridge-in-melbourne-victoria.md) _Context: Australia, Melbourne_
7. [Abdul Nacer Benbrika, serving a 15-year jail term in Australia after being found guilty on a number of terrorism-related charged, loses an appeal in the Court of Appeal against conviction of leading a terrorist group. ](/news/2010/10/25/abdul-nacer-benbrika-serving-a-15-year-jail-term-in-australia-after-being-found-guilty-on-a-number-of-terrorism-related-charged-loses-an-a.md) _Context: Abdul Nacer Benbrika, Australia_
8. [Melbourne, Australia experiences flooding after a once-in-a-century thunderstorm of marble-sized hailstones which tears the roof from a railway station and leads to the postponement of sports fixtures. A state of emergency is declared in Queensland.](/news/2010/03/7/melbourne-australia-experiences-flooding-after-a-once-in-a-century-thunderstorm-of-marble-sized-hailstones-which-tears-the-roof-from-a-rail.md) _Context: Australia, Melbourne_
9. [An Indian man is set on fire in Melbourne, Australia, in the latest in a series of attacks on Indian nationals in the country. ](/news/2010/01/9/an-indian-man-is-set-on-fire-in-melbourne-australia-in-the-latest-in-a-series-of-attacks-on-indian-nationals-in-the-country.md) _Context: Australia, Melbourne_
10. [ Chinese hackers target the website of Australia's biggest film festival in Melbourne over a documentary about Uyghur leader Rebiya Kadeer. ](/news/2009/07/26/chinese-hackers-target-the-website-of-australia-s-biggest-film-festival-in-melbourne-over-a-documentary-about-uyghur-leader-rebiya-kadeer.md) _Context: Australia, Melbourne_
