### [2008-09-15](/news/2008/09/15/index.md)

#  Subprime mortgage crisis




### Related:

1. [Goldman Sachs agrees to pay $5.06 billion to settle allegations that it sold packages of shoddy mortgages prior to the global financial crisis.. The U.S. Justice Department settlement includes a $2.385 billion civil penalty, and $1.8 billion for distressed borrowers and communities affected by the housing crisis. ](/news/2016/04/11/goldman-sachs-agrees-to-pay-5-06-billion-to-settle-allegations-that-it-sold-packages-of-shoddy-mortgages-prior-to-the-global-financial-cris.md) _Context: housing crisis_
2. [To resolve claims they were misled about the company's subprime mortgage exposure, a U.S. District Court Judge, Laura Swain approves a settlement between shareholders and American multinational insurer AIG, providing for a payout of $970.5 million. ](/news/2015/03/20/to-resolve-claims-they-were-misled-about-the-company-s-subprime-mortgage-exposure-a-u-s-district-court-judge-laura-swain-approves-a-settl.md) _Context: housing crisis_
3. [Reuters reports that the United States Department of Justice and JPMorgan Chase have reached a tentative $13 billion settlement on the issue of selling bad mortgage loans to investors, the practice that contributed to Subprime mortgage crisis. ](/news/2013/10/19/reuters-reports-that-the-united-states-department-of-justice-and-jpmorgan-chase-have-reached-a-tentative-13-billion-settlement-on-the-issue.md) _Context: housing crisis_
4. [Standard & Poor's says it expects a lawsuit by the US government over its assessment of mortgage bonds prior to the subprime mortgage crisis. ](/news/2013/02/5/standard-poor-s-says-it-expects-a-lawsuit-by-the-us-government-over-its-assessment-of-mortgage-bonds-prior-to-the-subprime-mortgage-crisis.md) _Context: housing crisis_
5. [The US Financial Industry Regulatory Authority reports that Merrill Lynch and Credit Suisse have agreed to pay multi-million fines for subprime mortgage securities they sold in the lead up to the global financial crisis of 2008. ](/news/2011/05/26/the-us-financial-industry-regulatory-authority-reports-that-merrill-lynch-and-credit-suisse-have-agreed-to-pay-multi-million-fines-for-subpr.md) _Context: housing crisis_
6. [ The Prime Minister of Australia Kevin Rudd announces that the Government of Australia will guarantee all deposits in all Australian banks for three years as a result of the subprime mortgage crisis. ](/news/2008/10/12/the-prime-minister-of-australia-kevin-rudd-announces-that-the-government-of-australia-will-guarantee-all-deposits-in-all-australian-banks-f.md) _Context: housing crisis_
7. [The International Monetary Fund warns of a global meltdown and offers to lend to countries if needed. ](/news/2008/10/11/the-international-monetary-fund-warns-of-a-global-meltdown-and-offers-to-lend-to-countries-if-needed.md) _Context: housing crisis_
8. [ Washington Mutual, the largest savings and loan in the United States, ousts Chief Executive Kerry Killinger as a result of losses incurred as a result of the subprime mortgage crisis. ](/news/2008/09/8/washington-mutual-the-largest-savings-and-loan-in-the-united-states-ousts-chief-executive-kerry-killinger-as-a-result-of-losses-incurred.md) _Context: housing crisis_
9. [ Subprime mortgage crisis: The United States federal government places mortgage financing companies Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae into conservatorship. The Federal Housing Finance Agency will manage the companies on a temporary basis. ](/news/2008/09/7/subprime-mortgage-crisis-the-united-states-federal-government-places-mortgage-financing-companies-freddie-mac-and-fannie-mae-into-conserva.md) _Context: housing crisis_
10. [ US Congressional leaders and the George W. Bush administration reach an outline Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 of a bailout of financial institutions as a result of the subprime mortgage crisis. ](/news/2008/09/28/us-congressional-leaders-and-the-george-w-bush-administration-reach-an-outline-emergency-economic-stabilization-act-of-2008-of-a-bailout-o.md) _Context: housing crisis_
