### [2010-08-4](/news/2010/08/4/index.md)

# Adaisseh incident:The United Nations Peacekeeping Forces assert that Israeli soldiers were attacked in Israeli territory while performing routine maintenance, leading to yesterday's deadly clash. 

The UN tells Israel and Lebanon to show restraint, after a clash between troops on the border leaves five people dead.


### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5gcWbJEEFpgSe7LPbEh5WCstwj2QQ)
2. [ANSAmed](http://www.ansamed.info/en/news/ME.XAM13310.html)
3. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-10861866)
4. [Boston Herald](http://www.bostonherald.com/news/international/middle_east/view.bg?articleid=1272267&srvc=rss)
5. [Brisbane Times](http://news.brisbanetimes.com.au/breaking-news-world/israel-cuts-down-trees-that-caused-lebanon-clashes-20100804-11fd5.html)
6. [Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Israel/Article.aspx?id=183664)

### Related:

1. [Israeli army officer Shalom Eisner, who struck a Danish activist in the face with the butt of his gun, is dismissed from his post but not from the Israeli Defense Forces. ](/news/2012/04/18/israeli-army-officer-shalom-eisner-who-struck-a-danish-activist-in-the-face-with-the-butt-of-his-gun-is-dismissed-from-his-post-but-not-fr.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli Defense Forces_
2. [ 20 Palestinians are killed by the Israeli Defense Forces including 14 fighters and five civilians, with 55 people wounded. Hamas leader Mahmoud Zahar's son is killed. Dozens of rockets are fired into Israel by Hamas, landing in the town of Sderot, injuring 4 Israelis. An Ecuadorian laborer is also shot and killed by Hamas. ](/news/2008/01/15/20-palestinians-are-killed-by-the-israeli-defense-forces-including-14-fighters-and-five-civilians-with-55-people-wounded-hamas-leader-mah.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli Defense Forces_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): IDF raid three demolished Israeli settlements and one Palestinian neighbourhood in the northern Gaza Strip, to halt the daily firing of Qassam rockets at Israeli towns. One Israeli soldier, more than 20 Palestenian militants and one civilian are killed. ](/news/2006/07/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-idf-raid-three-demolished-israeli-settlements-and-one-palestinian-neighbourhood-in.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli Defense Forces_
4. [A shooting at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's  Al-Aqsa Mosque. Another Jordanian man was killed inadvertently. ](/news/2017/07/23/a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordanian-wounded-there-is-s.md) _Context: Israel_
5. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel_
6. [Israel arrests Palestinian lawmaker Khalida Jarrar over allegations of her inciting of violence. ](/news/2017/07/2/israel-arrests-palestinian-lawmaker-khalida-jarrar-over-allegations-of-her-inciting-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel_
7. [Israel strikes two Syrian Army artillery positions and an ammunition truck in Quneitra Governorate, after stray shells from Syria land in the northern Golan Heights for a second day in a row. ](/news/2017/06/25/israel-strikes-two-syrian-army-artillery-positions-and-an-ammunition-truck-in-quneitra-governorate-after-stray-shells-from-syria-land-in-th.md) _Context: Israel_
8. [Israel and Syria exchange weapons fire in the disputed Golan Heights, with Israel destroying several targets, including two Syrian tanks. Although there were deaths on the ground in Syria, the number of casualties among Syrian forces is unknown. No Israeli troops were injured. ](/news/2017/06/24/israel-and-syria-exchange-weapons-fire-in-the-disputed-golan-heights-with-israel-destroying-several-targets-including-two-syrian-tanks-al.md) _Context: Israel_
9. [In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the-three-palestinian-assailants.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [Hamas, which is seeking to reconcile with rival Palestinian organizations, elects former Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh its new leader, replacing term-limited Khaled Meshaal.  Last week, Hamas dropped its longstanding call for Israel's destruction, and severed ties with the Muslim Brotherhood. ](/news/2017/05/6/hamas-which-is-seeking-to-reconcile-with-rival-palestinian-organizations-elects-former-prime-minister-ismail-haniyeh-its-new-leader-repla.md) _Context: Israel_
