### [2010-08-4](/news/2010/08/4/index.md)

# Cabinet formation in the Netherlands: Ivo Opstelten, the chairman of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy, is appointed the new informateur, tasked with finalizing the formation of a right-wing minority coalition cabinet. 




### Source:

1. [NOS](http://nos.nl/artikel/176255-opstelten-begint-morgen-met-gesprekken.html)

### Related:

1. [Cabinet formation in the Netherlands: The People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) and the Christian Democratic Appeal inform informateur Ruud Lubbers of a possible new right-wing coalition cabinet between the two parties to form a minority government but with support of the Party for Freedom (PVV). ](/news/2010/07/30/cabinet-formation-in-the-netherlands-the-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-vvd-and-the-christian-democratic-appeal-inform-informat.md) _Context: Cabinet formation in the Netherlands, Informateur, People's Party for Freedom and Democracy, minority government, right-wing_
2. [Cabinet formation in the Netherlands; Informateur Ivo Opstelten informs Queen Beatrix that the coalition formation between the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) and the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA) with support from the Party for Freedom (PVV) failed, after PVV leader Geert Wilders lost his confidence in the internal stability of the CDA parliamentary group after a letter of criticism was sent by CDA negotiator Ab Klink (CDA). ](/news/2010/09/4/cabinet-formation-in-the-netherlands-informateur-ivo-opstelten-informs-queen-beatrix-that-the-coalition-formation-between-the-people-s-part.md) _Context: Cabinet formation in the Netherlands, Informateur, Ivo Opstelten, People's Party for Freedom and Democracy_
3. [Cabinet formation in the Netherlands: The People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD), Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA) and Party for Freedom (PVV) complete the coalition formation after 111 days. ](/news/2010/09/29/cabinet-formation-in-the-netherlands-the-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-vvd-christian-democratic-appeal-cda-and-party-for-fr.md) _Context: Cabinet formation in the Netherlands, People's Party for Freedom and Democracy_
4. [Cabinet formation in the Netherlands: Former Prime Minister Ruud Lubbers is appointed the new informateur for the formation of a new coalition cabinet. ](/news/2010/07/22/cabinet-formation-in-the-netherlands-former-prime-minister-ruud-lubbers-is-appointed-the-new-informateur-for-the-formation-of-a-new-coaliti.md) _Context: Cabinet formation in the Netherlands, Informateur_
5. [Cabinet formation in the Netherlands: Coalition meetings between People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD), Labour Party (PvdA), Democrats 66 (D66) and GreenLeft (GL) fails to form a new Purple government. ](/news/2010/07/20/cabinet-formation-in-the-netherlands-coalition-meetings-between-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-vvd-labour-party-pvda-democr.md) _Context: Cabinet formation in the Netherlands, People's Party for Freedom and Democracy_
6. [Voters in the Netherlands go to the polls for a general election. Exit polls suggest that incumbent Prime Minister Mark Rutte's People's Party for Freedom and Democracy will win the most seats in the election. ](/news/2017/03/15/voters-in-the-netherlands-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-exit-polls-suggest-that-incumbent-prime-minister-mark-rutte-s-people-s-par.md) _Context: People's Party for Freedom and Democracy_
7. [The Queensland Labor Party led by Annastacia Palaszczuk will be in a position to form a minority government after the polls are declared in the Queensland state election. ](/news/2015/02/13/the-queensland-labor-party-led-by-annastacia-palaszczuk-will-be-in-a-position-to-form-a-minority-government-after-the-polls-are-declared-in.md) _Context: minority government_
8. [After counting special votes from the 20 September New Zealand general election, the National Party loses its one-seat majority after losing a seat to the Green Party. With the support of ACT and United Future, National still forms a government, albeit a minority government. ](/news/2014/10/4/after-counting-special-votes-from-the-20-september-new-zealand-general-election-the-national-party-loses-its-one-seat-majority-after-losing.md) _Context: minority government_
9. [Anouchka van Miltenburg of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) is elected as President of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands, giving the VVD the "Big Three" in Dutch politics: Prime Minister, President of the Senate and President of the House of Representatives. ](/news/2012/09/25/anouchka-van-miltenburg-of-the-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-vvd-is-elected-as-president-of-the-house-of-representatives-of-the.md) _Context: People's Party for Freedom and Democracy_
10. [In the general election in the Netherlands, Prime Minister Mark Rutte's People's Party for Freedom and Democracy gains 10 seats to win 41 of the 150 in the House of Representatives and Diederik Samsom's Labour Party, gains 8. ](/news/2012/09/13/in-the-general-election-in-the-netherlands-prime-minister-mark-rutte-s-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-gains-10-seats-to-win-41-of.md) _Context: People's Party for Freedom and Democracy_
