### [2010-08-4](/news/2010/08/4/index.md)

# Summer 2010 Russian wildfires:President of Russia Dmitry Medvedev interrupts his summer holiday to return and fire several top military officials after wildfires destroy a naval base outside Moscow. 

Russian president critical of government response to fire disaster.


### Source:

1. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/europe/2010/08/201084224236533275.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-10871997)
3. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english2010/world/2010-08/05/c_13430371.htm)

### Related:

1. [Russian President Dmitry Medvedev presides over the Victory Day Parade on Moscow's Red Square. ](/news/2011/05/9/russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-presides-over-the-victory-day-parade-on-moscow-s-red-square.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, Moscow, President of Russia_
2. [ 2008 South Ossetia war: President of Russia Dmitry Medvedev and President of France Nicolas Sarkozy announced after talks in Moscow that an agreement to pull Russian forces from Georgia within a month has been reached. The agreement has become possible as EU will send 200 civilian monitors to the area and guarantee that Georgia signs a pledge to not use military force in Abkhazia and South Ossetia again. ](/news/2008/09/8/2008-south-ossetia-war-p-president-of-russia-dmitry-medvedev-and-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-announced-after-talks-in-moscow-that-a.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, Moscow, President of Russia_
3. [ 2008 South Ossetia war: According to general staff in Moscow, Russia has begun troop withdrawals from Georgia, following a pledge by President Dmitry Medvedev. However, 'Moscow saying it has the right to keep some troops as peacekeepers in a buffer zone around South Ossetia'. ](/news/2008/08/18/2008-south-ossetia-war-p-according-to-general-staff-in-moscow-russia-has-begun-troop-withdrawals-from-georgia-following-a-pledge-by-presi.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, Moscow, President of Russia_
4. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who later had to cut short his visit to Moscow because of terrorist attacks on the Philippine southern island of Mindanao, tells Russia President Vladimir Putin that the Philippines is looking to Russia for modern arms to fight ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/22/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-who-later-had-to-cut-short-his-visit-to-moscow-because-of-terrorist-attacks-on-the-philippine-southern.md) _Context: Moscow, President of Russia_
5. [A fire at a warehouse in Moscow, Russia, kills at least 17 people, all migrant workers from Kyrgyzstan.  The Investigative Committee of Russia, which reports directly to President Vladimir Putin, says a criminal inquiry has been launched. ](/news/2016/08/27/a-fire-at-a-warehouse-in-moscow-russia-kills-at-least-17-people-all-migrant-workers-from-kyrgyzstan-the-investigative-committee-of-russ.md) _Context: Moscow, President of Russia_
6. [Russia-United States relations,  U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry leaves for Moscow for talks on Syria and Ukraine with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on  Wednesday. Kerry is also  expected to discuss the case of Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko,  who today was sentenced to 22 years in prison in the city of Donetsk. ](/news/2016/03/22/russiaaunited-states-relations-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-leaves-for-moscow-for-talks-on-syria-and-ukraine-with-russian-presiden.md) _Context: Moscow, President of Russia_
7. [Finland and Russia agree to impose temporary restrictions at two Arctic border crossing points on the Finnish-Russian border following an increased flow of asylum seekers from Russia to Finland. Under a deal clinched by Russian President Vladimir Putin and Finnish President Sauli Niinisto in Moscow, crossings at two popular entry points, Salla and Raja-Jooseppi, will be reserved only for Finnish, Russian and Belarusian citizens and their family members for a period of 180 days. ](/news/2016/03/22/finland-and-russia-agree-to-impose-temporary-restrictions-at-two-arctic-border-crossing-points-on-the-finnisharussian-border-following-an.md) _Context: Moscow, President of Russia_
8. [The President of Syria Bashar al-Assad visits Moscow for talks with the President of Russia Vladimir Putin in an unannounced visit. ](/news/2015/10/21/the-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-visits-moscow-for-talks-with-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-in-an-unannounced-visit.md) _Context: Moscow, President of Russia_
9. [Euromaidan:President of Ukraine Viktor Yanukovych meets Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow amid mass protests against the relationship between the two. ](/news/2013/12/17/euromaidan-ppresident-of-ukraine-viktor-yanukovych-meets-russian-president-vladimir-putin-in-moscow-amid-mass-protests-against-the-relations.md) _Context: Moscow, President of Russia_
10. [Russian president Vladimir Putin confirms that Edward Snowden is currently in a Moscow airport's international area; Russia rejects United States extradition demands. ](/news/2013/06/25/russian-president-vladimir-putin-confirms-that-edward-snowden-is-currently-in-a-moscow-airport-s-international-area-russia-rejects-united-s.md) _Context: Moscow, President of Russia_
