### [2010-08-4](/news/2010/08/4/index.md)

# The United Nations Peacekeeping Forces assert that Israeli soldiers were attacked in Israeli territory while performing routine maintenance, leading to yesterday's deadly clash. 

The UN tells Israel and Lebanon to show restraint, after a clash between troops on the border leaves five people dead.


### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5gcWbJEEFpgSe7LPbEh5WCstwj2QQ)
2. [ANSAmed](http://www.ansamed.info/en/news/ME.XAM13310.html)
3. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-10861866)
4. [Boston Herald](http://www.bostonherald.com/news/international/middle_east/view.bg?articleid=1272267&srvc=rss)
5. [Brisbane Times](http://news.brisbanetimes.com.au/breaking-news-world/israel-cuts-down-trees-that-caused-lebanon-clashes-20100804-11fd5.html)
6. [Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Israel/Article.aspx?id=183664)

### Related:

1. [Israeli army officer Shalom Eisner, who struck a Danish activist in the face with the butt of his gun, is dismissed from his post but not from the Israeli Defense Forces. ](/news/2012/04/18/israeli-army-officer-shalom-eisner-who-struck-a-danish-activist-in-the-face-with-the-butt-of-his-gun-is-dismissed-from-his-post-but-not-fr.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli Defense Forces_
2. [ 20 Palestinians are killed by the Israeli Defense Forces including 14 fighters and five civilians, with 55 people wounded. Hamas leader Mahmoud Zahar's son is killed. Dozens of rockets are fired into Israel by Hamas, landing in the town of Sderot, injuring 4 Israelis. An Ecuadorian laborer is also shot and killed by Hamas. ](/news/2008/01/15/20-palestinians-are-killed-by-the-israeli-defense-forces-including-14-fighters-and-five-civilians-with-55-people-wounded-hamas-leader-mah.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli Defense Forces_
3. [ IDF raid three demolished Israeli settlements and one Palestinian neighbourhood in the northern Gaza Strip, to halt the daily firing of Qassam rockets at Israeli towns. One Israeli soldier, more than 20 Palestenian militants and one civilian are killed. ](/news/2006/07/6/idf-raid-three-demolished-israeli-settlements-and-one-palestinian-neighbourhood-in-the-northern-gaza-strip-to-halt-the-daily-firing-of-qas.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli Defense Forces_
4. [Israeli jets bomb a suspected chemical weapons depot near the city of Masyaf, Hama Governorate, killing at least two Syrian Army soldiers. ](/news/2017/09/7/israeli-jets-bomb-a-suspected-chemical-weapons-depot-near-the-city-of-masyaf-hama-governorate-killing-at-least-two-syrian-army-soldiers.md) _Context: Israel_
5. [Israel plans to shut down all of Al Jazeera's operations in the country, alleging support of terrorism. ](/news/2017/08/6/israel-plans-to-shut-down-all-of-al-jazeera-s-operations-in-the-country-alleging-support-of-terrorism.md) _Context: Israel_
6. [The world's oldest man, Polish-Israeli Yisrael Kristal, who was also recognized as the oldest living Holocaust survivor, dies at age 113 years, 330 days, in Haifa, Israel. ](/news/2017/08/11/the-world-s-oldest-man-polishaisraeli-yisrael-kristal-who-was-also-recognized-as-the-oldest-living-holocaust-survivor-dies-at-age-113-y.md) _Context: Israel_
7. [The Israeli government says it will remove metal detectors and some cameras recently installed at the entrances to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem that resulted in a wave of protests and some deaths. Instead, less obtrusive surveillance means will be used. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-israeli-government-says-it-will-remove-metal-detectors-and-some-cameras-recently-installed-at-the-entrances-to-the-temple-mount-in-jerus.md) _Context: Israel_
8. [Israel's embassy staff in Jordan, including a security guard involved in a shooting incident in which two Jordanians were killed yesterday, return to Israel from Amman. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu thanked U.S. President Donald Trump and Jordan's King Abdullah for their help and cooperation. ](/news/2017/07/24/israel-s-embassy-staff-in-jordan-including-a-security-guard-involved-in-a-shooting-incident-in-which-two-jordanians-were-killed-yesterday.md) _Context: Israel_
9. [A shooting at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's Al-Aqsa Mosque. Another Jordanian man was killed inadvertently. ](/news/2017/07/23/a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordanian-wounded-there-is-s.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Israel_
