### [2012-10-13](/news/2012/10/13/index.md)

# Syria announces Turkish civilian flights over Syrian territory are banned, days after Turkey intercepted a Syrian flight that was suspected to be carrying illegal cargo. 

Syria bans Turkish civilian flights over its territory, days after Turkey intercepted a Syrian plane reportedly carrying defence equipment.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-19938221)

### Related:

1. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syria, Turkey_
2. [April 2017 Turkish airstrikes in Syria and Iraq: Turkish air strikes kill 18 Kurdish YPG fighters and media officials in northeastern Syria. Also five Peshmerga fighters are killed during a Turkish attack on Sinjar in Iraq. Turkey also claims to have destroyed "terror hubs". Iraq denounces the strike as a violation of its sovereignty. ](/news/2017/04/25/april-2017-turkish-airstrikes-in-syria-and-iraq-turkish-air-strikes-kill-18-kurdish-ypg-fighters-and-media-officials-in-northeastern-syria.md) _Context: Syria, Turkey_
3. [2017 Istanbul nightclub attack: The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack in what it claims is a response to Turkey's actions in neighbouring Syria. ](/news/2017/01/2/2017-istanbul-nightclub-attack-the-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-for-the-attack-in-what-it-claims-is-a-respons.md) _Context: Syria, Turkey_
4. [Syrian Civil War: The United Nations Security Council unanimously votes in favor of the Russian and Turkey-backed ceasefire currently in effect in Syria. ](/news/2017/01/1/syrian-civil-war-the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-votes-in-favor-of-the-russian-and-turkey-backed-ceasefire-currently-in-eff.md) _Context: Syria, Turkey_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Syria, Turkey_
6. [ CHP MP Ozturk Yilmaz says Turkey has expressed its readiness to work with president Assad of Syria. ](/news/2016/12/26/chp-mp-azta1-4rk-ya-lmaz-says-turkey-has-expressed-its-readiness-to-work-with-president-assad-of-syria.md) _Context: Syria, Turkey_
7. [Assassination of Andrei Karlov: The Russian ambassador to Turkey Andrei Karlov is killed in a gun attack at an art gallery in Ankara. Russia calls the assassin, 22-year old police officer, Mevlut Mert Altintas, a "terrorist". Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu goes to Moscow for a planned trilateral meeting on Syria, saying "the incident will not impact relations between Turkey and Russia". ](/news/2016/12/19/assassination-of-andrei-karlov-the-russian-ambassador-to-turkey-andrei-karlov-is-killed-in-a-gun-attack-at-an-art-gallery-in-ankara-russia.md) _Context: Syria, Turkey_
8. [Syrian Civil War: Turkey sends more tanks into northern Syria to continue its offensive against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG). ](/news/2016/08/25/syrian-civil-war-turkey-sends-more-tanks-into-northern-syria-to-continue-its-offensive-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-and-kur.md) _Context: Syria, Turkey_
9. [Russia-Turkey relations: Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu says Turkey's cooperation with Russia in combating the Islamic State in Syria does not include Russia's use of its Incirlik Air Base, which some have interpreted from his comments yesterday. ](/news/2016/07/4/russia-turkey-relations-turkish-foreign-minister-mevla1-4t-aavuaoalu-says-turkey-s-cooperation-with-russia-in-combating-the-islamic-stat.md) _Context: Syria, Turkey_
10. [Spillover of the Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports at least eight people, including four children, are shot and killed, and another eight wounded by Turkish border guards. The group was trying to cross from northwestern Syria into Turkey's Hatay Province. ](/news/2016/06/18/spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-at-least-eight-people-including-four-children-are-shot.md) _Context: Syria, Turkey_
