### [2005-04-25](/news/2005/04/25/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Amnesty International has called on the Israeli government to investigate the poisoning of Palestinian land, allegedly by Israeli settlers around Hebron 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4482211.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel launches a large offensive against the city of Rafah dubbed Operation Rainbow, cutting it off from the rest of Gaza. Amnesty International has called on Israel to stop and accused it of committing war crimes by its destruction of more than 3,000 Palestinian homes in Israel and the occupied territories since the intifada began three and a half years ago. ](/news/2004/05/18/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-launches-a-large-offensive-against-the-city-of-rafah-dubbed-operation-rainbow-cutting-it-off-from-the.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
2. [Israel announces plans for construction of a three-story residential building for Jewish settlers in a Palestinian neighborhood of East Jerusalem. ](/news/2016/06/15/israel-announces-plans-for-construction-of-a-three-story-residential-building-for-jewish-settlers-in-a-palestinian-neighborhood-of-east-jeru.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli settlement, Palestinian_
3. [Israel reveals plans to build 625 more homes in the Palestinian territories, close to East Jerusalem. ](/news/2010/12/1/israel-reveals-plans-to-build-625-more-homes-in-the-palestinian-territories-close-to-east-jerusalem.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli settlement, Palestinian_
4. [ Israel evicts Jewish settlers from Hebron. A dozen religious members of the Israeli Army refuse to participate and are sentenced for up to a month in a military jail. ](/news/2007/08/7/israel-evicts-jewish-settlers-from-hebron-a-dozen-religious-members-of-the-israeli-army-refuse-to-participate-and-are-sentenced-for-up-to.md) _Context: Hebron, Israel, Israeli settlement_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel continues to strike Palestinian areas in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/12/15/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-continues-to-strike-palestinian-areas-in-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Islamic Jihad have announced that they are to "re-evaluate" their cease-fire after Israeli soldiers kill 3 Palestinians, all aged 14. Palestinian witnesses allege they were killed trying to retrieve a football in a no-go area near the Egypt border at the Rafah Refugee camp. According to Israel Radio, Palestinian security services notified Israel they had detained two boys who were not hit by IDF fire, and that the group of five youths were smugglers. At least 10 mortar shells are then fired at the Gush Katif settlements. A Hamas leader, Saeed Siyam, is quoted by the AP as saying the boys deaths would be "avenged". ](/news/2005/04/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-islamic-jihad-have-announced-that-they-are-to-re-evaluate-their-cease-fire-after-israeli-soldiers-kill-3-pa.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli settlement, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: In Israel, a hard-hitting UN report says that Israel will effectively annex large areas of Palestinian territory as a result of the permits it intends to issue to Palestinians near the wall being built. The Israeli West Bank barrier has been built inside the internationally recognised Green Line about 18,000 acres (73&nbsp;km2) and cuts off the rest of the West Bank. It has been declared a "closed military zone".](/news/2003/11/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-in-israel-a-hard-hitting-un-report-says-that-israel-will-effectively-annex-large-areas-of-palestinian-territ.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian gunmen attack an Israeli army foot patrol near a West Bank village, kills three soldiers and wounds a fourth, rescue services and security sources state. Gunfire attacks near the Palestinian village of Ein Yabrud, east of the town of Ramallah, not far from the Israeli settlement of Ofra.](/news/2003/10/19/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-gunmen-attack-an-israeli-army-foot-patrol-near-a-west-bank-village-kills-three-soldiers-and-woun.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli settlement, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A Palestinian gunman enters a home in Negohot (an Israeli settlement in the West Bank, near Hebron), murders 7-month-old Shaked Avraham and 27-year-old Eyal Yeberbaum, and injures both of the baby girl's parents as they were celebrating the Jewish New Year. The shooter was later killed by Israeli security forces. The Palestinian Islamic Jihad claimed responsibility for the attack.](/news/2003/09/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-gunman-enters-a-home-in-negohot-an-israeli-settlement-in-the-west-bank-near-hebron-murders.md) _Context: Hebron, Israeli settlement, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel kills senior Hamas official, Ismail Abu Shanab, by a missile strike in the Gaza Strip and sent tanks into the West Bank towns of Nablus, Jenin and Tulkarem in response to a deadly suicide bombing of a bus in Jerusalem. In Hebron, troops destroy the terrorist bomber's home. Hamas and Islamic Jihad end their participation in the cease fire (in response to Israel's action from the two groups' bombing), declaring themselves as enemies to the peace plan, and vow further terrorist acts. The militants demand that Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, leave their area of control.](/news/2003/08/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-kills-senior-hamas-official-ismail-abu-shanab-by-a-missile-strike-in-the-gaza-strip-and-sent-tanks-i.md) _Context: Hebron, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
