### [2005-06-26](/news/2005/06/26/index.md)

#  The Israeli Foreign Minister, Silvan Shalom, apologises to New Zealand for the actions of two Israeli citizens, believed to be Mossad agents, who attempted to gain New Zealand passports under false pretences in 2004. The apology allows diplomatic relations between the two countries to return to normal. 

Israel has apologised for the spy scandal and has promised it will take steps to ensure no similar incident happens again. - New Zealand Herald


### Source:

1. [NZ Herald](http://www.nzherald.co.nz/index.cfm?c_id=1&ObjectID=10332767)

### Related:

1. [Israeli Vice Prime Minister  Silvan Shalom (Likud party) resigns  because of allegations he sexually harassed several women during his career. Israel's attorney general has started an investigation of Shalom, who also resigned his Interior Minister position and Knesset seat. ](/news/2015/12/21/israeli-vice-prime-minister-silvan-shalom-likud-party-resigns-because-of-allegations-he-sexually-harassed-several-women-during-his-caree.md) _Context: Israel, Silvan Shalom_
2. [Bob Carr, the Australian Minister for Foreign Affairs, releases a report into the handling of the case of Ben Zygier who died in Israeli custody in December 2010 and was believed to be a Mossad agent. ](/news/2013/03/6/bob-carr-the-australian-minister-for-foreign-affairs-releases-a-report-into-the-handling-of-the-case-of-ben-zygier-who-died-in-israeli-cus.md) _Context: Israel, Mossad_
3. [Iran rebukes Azerbaijan for allegedly assisting Israel's Mossad secret service in operations against it. ](/news/2012/02/12/iran-rebukes-azerbaijan-for-allegedly-assisting-israel-s-mossad-secret-service-in-operations-against-it.md) _Context: Israel, Mossad_
4. [British Defence Secretary Liam Fox says that Iran could have a nuclear weapon by next year and that the assessment of Meir Dagan, outgoing director of the Israeli intelligence agency Mossad, that Iran would not be able to produce a nuclear bomb before 2015 could be overly optimistic; Iran rejects Fox's remarks.](/news/2011/01/31/british-defence-secretary-liam-fox-says-that-iran-could-have-a-nuclear-weapon-by-next-year-and-that-the-assessment-of-meir-dagan-outgoing-d.md) _Context: Israel, Mossad_
5. [Police in Iran make several arrests of suspects in relation to an attack on two nuclear physicists that it claims are connected to the United States Central Intelligence Agency, Mossad from Israel, and MI6 in the United Kingdom. ](/news/2010/12/2/police-in-iran-make-several-arrests-of-suspects-in-relation-to-an-attack-on-two-nuclear-physicists-that-it-claims-are-connected-to-the-unite.md) _Context: Israel, Mossad_
6. [Poland detains a wanted man it says is the Israeli Mossad spy who used a German passport in the assassination of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, while Germany seeks his extradition. ](/news/2010/06/12/poland-detains-a-wanted-man-it-says-is-the-israeli-mossad-spy-who-used-a-german-passport-in-the-assassination-of-mahmoud-al-mabhouh-while-g.md) _Context: Israel, Mossad_
7. [Dubai police name five new suspects in connection with the assassination of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in January, involving passports from Australia, Britain and France. An Israeli citizen, Zev Barkan, wanted by New Zealand since 2004 for passport fraud, may have used a New Zealand passport. ](/news/2010/05/7/dubai-police-name-five-new-suspects-in-connection-with-the-assassination-of-mahmoud-al-mabhouh-in-january-involving-passports-from-australi.md) _Context: Israel, New Zealand_
8. [Assassination of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh:Police in Dubai order an arrest warrant for Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and the head of Mossad in connection with the assassination of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh. ](/news/2010/03/2/assassination-of-mahmoud-al-mabhouh-ppolice-in-dubai-order-an-arrest-warrant-for-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-and-the-head-of-m.md) _Context: Israel, Mossad_
9. [ Israel: In the Likud primary elections, Benjamin Netanyahu wins, becoming the new Likud leader. In the voting, he is followed by Silvan Shalom, Moshe Feyglin, and Yisrael Katz. ](/news/2005/12/20/israel-p-in-the-likud-primary-elections-benjamin-netanyahu-wins-becoming-the-new-likud-leader-in-the-voting-he-is-followed-by-silvan-sh.md) _Context: Israel, Silvan Shalom_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel_
