### [2008-08-17](/news/2008/08/17/index.md)

#  2008 South Ossetia war: Russian troops continue to withdraw from the Georgian city of Gori, where the major Georgian army base was dismantled by Russian troops soon after the conflict ended. Two Russian  APCs still remain at a checkpoint near the city, Reuters reports. 

Russia announced it would begin withdrawing forces from Georgia on Monday after a war that dealt a humiliating blow to the Black Sea state and raised fears for energy supplies to Europe.


### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/7566199.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/newsOne/idUSL768040420080817)
3. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/World-News/Russian-Forces-In-Georgia-Digging-In-Despite-Dmitry-Medvedev-Agreeing-To-Ceasefire-Agreement/Article/200808315080534?lpos=World%2BNews_2&lid=ARTICLE_15080534_Russian%2BForces%2BIn%2BGeorgia%2BDigging%2BIn%2BDespite%2BDmitry%2BMedvedev%2BAgreeing%2BTo%2BCeasefire%2BAgreement)

### Related:

1. [ Georgia accuses Russia of trying to seize more of its territory as the anniversary of the 2008 war between the two countries approaches. ](/news/2009/08/3/georgia-accuses-russia-of-trying-to-seize-more-of-its-territory-as-the-anniversary-of-the-2008-war-between-the-two-countries-approaches.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgia, Russia_
2. [ NATO and Russia agree to restore military ties after a 10 month period following the 2008 war in Georgia. ](/news/2009/06/27/nato-and-russia-agree-to-restore-military-ties-after-a-10-month-period-following-the-2008-war-in-georgia.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgia, Russia_
3. [ Amnesty International's report on the 2008 South Ossetia war highlights Georgia's role as aggressor and notes evidence of "notoriously inaccurate" Georgian artillery fire resulting in "scores" of civilian deaths in South Ossetia, of aimed artillery fire at Russian peacekeepers base, and of Russian failure to provide defense to civilians during the conflict. ](/news/2008/11/19/amnesty-international-s-report-on-the-2008-south-ossetia-war-highlights-georgia-s-role-as-aggressor-and-notes-evidence-of-notoriously-inac.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgia, Russia_
4. [ Western donors pledge US$4.5 billion toward the rebuilding of Georgia, which suffered from damage inflicted during short war with Russia, South Ossetia and Abkhazia in August. ](/news/2008/10/22/western-donors-pledge-us-4-5-billion-toward-the-rebuilding-of-georgia-which-suffered-from-damage-inflicted-during-short-war-with-russia-s.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgia, Russia_
5. [ 2008 South Ossetia war: US President George W. Bush will urge Russia to honor its commitment to fully withdraw troops from Georgia during his speech at the United Nations General Assembly next week, a top White House official said Friday. ](/news/2008/09/18/2008-south-ossetia-war-p-us-president-george-w-bush-will-urge-russia-to-honor-its-commitment-to-fully-withdraw-troops-from-georgia-during.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgia, Russia_
6. [ 2008 South Ossetia war: Some members of the United States House Committee on Foreign Affairs have expressed disagreement with Georgia's actions in the war: 'The recent fighting [...] was started by Georgia. The Georgians broke the truce, not the Russians' said Dana Rohrabacher, Senior Republican. ](/news/2008/09/10/2008-south-ossetia-war-p-some-members-of-the-united-states-house-committee-on-foreign-affairs-have-expressed-disagreement-with-georgia-s-ac.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgia, Russia_
7. [ 2008 South Ossetia War: Russia and Georgia continue to fight in South Ossetia and Georgia. The search for the dead and injured continues after at least 2,000 civilians were killed after two days Georgian offensive. Russia reported 12 peacekeepers killed and 30 wounded in the previous day during the Georgian tank and missile bombardment of Tskhinvali. ](/news/2008/08/9/2008-south-ossetia-war-p-russia-and-georgia-continue-to-fight-in-south-ossetia-and-georgia-the-search-for-the-dead-and-injured-continues-a.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgia, Russia_
8. [ 2008 South Ossetia war: The Federation Council of Russia, the upper house of the Federal Assembly, urges the President to recognise the independence of Georgia's breakaway regions of Abkhazia and South Ossetia. ](/news/2008/08/25/2008-south-ossetia-war-p-the-federation-council-of-russia-the-upper-house-of-the-federal-assembly-urges-the-president-to-recognise-the-in.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgia, Russia_
9. [ 2008 South Ossetia War: A train carrying oil products hits a landmine and catches fire. A Georgian Interior Ministry spokesman blamed Russia for the blast. ](/news/2008/08/24/2008-south-ossetia-war-p-a-train-carrying-oil-products-hits-a-landmine-and-catches-fire-a-georgian-interior-ministry-spokesman-blamed-russ.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgia, Russia_
10. [  Russia announces that its military has pulled out of Georgia, although reports indicate that it has not complied with the cease-fire agreement. ](/news/2008/08/23/russia-announces-that-its-military-has-pulled-out-of-georgia-although-reports-indicate-that-it-has-not-complied-with-the-cease-fire-agree.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgia, Russia_
