### [2017-06-28](/news/2017/06/28/index.md)

# 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. The Supreme Court of Venezuela bars Luisa Ortega Diaz, the chief prosecutor and outspoken critic of president Nicolas Maduro, from leaving the country and freezes her assets. 

Venezuela’s Supreme Tribunal of Justice banned prosecutor general Luisa Ortega Diaz from leaving the country.


### Source:

1. [Sputnik](https://sputniknews.com/latam/201706291055065824-venezuela-bans-chief-prosecutor/)

### Related:

1. [2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. The new Constituent Assembly votes to remove Attorney General Luisa Ortega Diaz, a prominent critic of President Nicolas Maduro, from her post. The move comes hours after troops from the National Guard surrounded her home in Caracas. ](/news/2017/08/5/2017-venezuelan-constitutional-crisis-the-new-constituent-assembly-votes-to-remove-attorney-general-luisa-ortega-daaz-a-prominent-critic.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Luisa Ortega Diaz, Nicolas Maduro_
2. [Venezuelan Constitutional Assembly election, 2017. Voters in Venezuela participate in an election for members of a new Constitutional Assembly, devised by President Nicolas Maduro to amend the constitution following a legislative takeover in March. Many Venezuelans question the election's legitimacy, resulting in boycotts and ongoing protests. ](/news/2017/07/30/venezuelan-constitutional-assembly-election-2017-voters-in-venezuela-participate-in-an-election-for-members-of-a-new-constitutional-assemb.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
3. [2017 dissolution of Venezuelan National Assembly. In a ruling, Venezuela's Supreme Court says it "guarantees congressional functions will be exercised by" itself, authorizing president Nicolas Maduro to create oil joint ventures without the previously mandated congressional approval. Opposition leaders call it a "coup", while Peru recalls its ambassador. ](/news/2017/03/30/2017-dissolution-of-venezuelan-national-assembly-in-a-ruling-venezuela-s-supreme-court-says-it-guarantees-congressional-functions-will-be.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Supreme Tribunal, Venezuela_
4. [Constitution of Venezuela. Venezuela's Supreme Tribunal rules that opposition's proposed amendment to change the President's term of office from six to four years can not be applied retroactively, thereby ending this attempt to cut short President Nicolas Maduro's time in office. ](/news/2016/04/25/constitution-of-venezuela-venezuela-s-supreme-tribunal-rules-that-opposition-s-proposed-amendment-to-change-the-president-s-term-of-office.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Supreme Tribunal, Venezuela_
5. [2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. Armed men dressed as soldiers, apparently led by former National Guard captain Juan Carlos Caguaripano, attack a Venezuelan Army base near Valencia, Carabobo, declaring themselves in rebellion against the National Constituent Assembly and President Nicolas Maduro. At least two people are killed. ](/news/2017/08/6/2017-venezuelan-constitutional-crisis-armed-men-dressed-as-soldiers-apparently-led-by-former-national-guard-captain-juan-carlos-caguaripan.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Nicolas Maduro_
6. [Colombia-Venezuela relations. Censorship in Venezuela. Venezuela's National Commission of Telecommunications (Conatel) takes Colombian television channels, Caracol Television and RCN Television, off air due to their coverage of the 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. ](/news/2017/08/24/colombia-venezuela-relations-censorship-in-venezuela-venezuela-s-national-commission-of-telecommunications-conatel-takes-colombian-tel.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Venezuela_
7. [2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. The controversial National Constituent Assembly votes unanimously to assume the powers of the opposition-led National Assembly of Venezuela. ](/news/2017/08/18/2017-venezuelan-constitutional-crisis-the-controversial-national-constituent-assembly-votes-unanimously-to-assume-the-powers-of-the-opposit.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Venezuela_
8. [Peru-Venezuela relations. Shortly after Peruvian President Pedro Pablo Kuczynski called Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro a "dictator" in response to the Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Peru expels Venezuela's ambassador to Peru to protest Venezuela's recent formation of an all-powerful constituent assembly that has been widely condemned as a power grab by Maduro. ](/news/2017/08/11/peru-venezuela-relations-shortly-after-peruvian-president-pedro-pablo-kuczynski-called-venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-a-dictator.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Nicolas Maduro_
9. [Venezuelan Constitutional Assembly election, 2017. Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro says voting in his upcoming election on July 30 is mandatory for all 2.8 million state employees, with employees who do not vote facing ostracisation. Opponents of the government plan to hold their own unofficial referendum on the Maduro government on July 16. ](/news/2017/07/7/venezuelan-constitutional-assembly-election-2017-venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-says-voting-in-his-upcoming-election-on-july-30-is-m.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
10. [United States-Venezuela relations. The United States sanctions Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro over the controversial Constitutional Assembly election which critics say is an attempt to establish a dictatorship. ](/news/2017/07/31/united-states-venezuela-relations-the-united-states-sanctions-venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-over-the-controversial-constitutional.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Nicolas Maduro_
