### [2017-06-28](/news/2017/06/28/index.md)

# Aftermath of the Six people are charged with various offences including manslaughter by gross negligence following the Hillsborough disaster in 1989. 

Ex-Ch Supt David Duckenfield faces 95 charges of manslaughter while five others will prosecuted.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-merseyside-40419819)

### Related:

1. [Following last month's manslaughter conviction, Israeli soldier Elor Azaria is sentenced to 18 months in prison by a military court for, during a violent incident, his deadly shooting of the wounded, unarmed, prone Palestinian Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, who had stabbed a soldier last March in Hebron. ](/news/2017/02/21/following-last-month-s-manslaughter-conviction-israeli-soldier-elor-azaria-is-sentenced-to-18-months-in-prison-by-a-military-court-for-dur.md) _Context: manslaughter by gross negligence_
2. [The academic Phil Scraton refuses an OBE granted to him by Elizabeth II in her 2017 New Year Honours list for his work on the Hillsborough disaster. Professor Scraton wrote ''Hillsborough: The Truth'', first published in 1990 and seen as the definitive account of the disaster. ](/news/2016/12/29/the-academic-phil-scraton-refuses-an-obe-granted-to-him-by-elizabeth-ii-in-her-2017-new-year-honours-list-for-his-work-on-the-hillsborough-d.md) _Context: Hillsborough disaster_
3. [An inquest into the Hillsborough Disaster in 1989 when 96 fans of Liverpool FC were killed finds the fans were illegally killed. ](/news/2016/04/26/an-inquest-into-the-hillsborough-disaster-in-1989-when-96-fans-of-liverpool-fc-were-killed-finds-the-fans-were-illegally-killed.md) _Context: Hillsborough disaster_
4. [The jury in the second inquest for the victims of the Hillsborough disaster reach their verdicts. These will be given at 11:00 BST tomorrow.](/news/2016/04/25/the-jury-in-the-second-inquest-for-the-victims-of-the-hillsborough-disaster-reach-their-verdicts-these-will-be-given-at-11-00-bst-tomorrow.md) _Context: Hillsborough disaster_
5. [Jury selection begins for the trial of William Porter, a Baltimore, Maryland police officer charged with manslaughter and other charges surrounding the April 19 death of Freddie Gray.  Porter is the first of six officers to be tried. ](/news/2015/11/30/jury-selection-begins-for-the-trial-of-william-porter-a-baltimore-maryland-police-officer-charged-with-manslaughter-and-other-charges-surr.md) _Context: manslaughter by gross negligence_
6. [The U.S. Justice Department files criminal charges against three individuals and three companies--Black Elk, Grand Isle Shipyard and oil field services company Wood Group--in connection with a 2012 oil platform incident in the Gulf of Mexico that left three workers dead. The charges range from manslaughter to violations of the federal Clean Water Act.  ](/news/2015/11/20/the-u-s-justice-department-files-criminal-charges-against-three-individuals-and-three-companies-black-elk-grand-isle-shipyard-and-oil-fie.md) _Context: manslaughter by gross negligence_
7. [A volunteer police officer is charged with manslaughter in the shooting death of Eric Harris, an unarmed man who was shot while lying on his back in Tulsa, Oklahoma. ](/news/2015/04/13/a-volunteer-police-officer-is-charged-with-manslaughter-in-the-shooting-death-of-eric-harris-an-unarmed-man-who-was-shot-while-lying-on-his.md) _Context: manslaughter by gross negligence_
8. [In a five-day national dragnet last week, Operation Cross Check, the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) rounds up 2,059 people who had been convicted of crimes and had been living in the country illegally. Most were not violent criminals (none were implicated in terrorism; almost all the 912 misdemeanors were for driving under the influence, DWI; 476 of the felons were charged with an immigration violation, though some were convicted of manslaughter, robbery, rape, and child pornography). ](/news/2015/03/9/in-a-five-day-national-dragnet-last-week-operation-cross-check-the-u-s-immigration-and-customs-enforcement-ice-rounds-up-2-059-people-w.md) _Context: manslaughter by gross negligence_
9. [A court in Lismore, Australia, convicts the former National Rugby League player Craig Field of the manslaughter of Kelvin Kane outside the Kingscliff Hotel in 2012. ](/news/2014/12/9/a-court-in-lismore-australia-convicts-the-former-national-rugby-league-player-craig-field-of-the-manslaughter-of-kelvin-kane-outside-the-k.md) _Context: manslaughter by gross negligence_
10. [The UK government launches an inquiry after the ''Liverpool Echo'' reported that Whitehall computers had been used to post offensive remarks about the Hillsborough disaster on Wikipedia pages relating to the topic. ](/news/2014/04/25/the-uk-government-launches-an-inquiry-after-the-liverpool-echo-reported-that-whitehall-computers-had-been-used-to-post-offensive-remarks.md) _Context: Hillsborough disaster_
