### [2017-06-28](/news/2017/06/28/index.md)

# China-North Korea relations: Fearing lack of payment, China National Petroleum Corporation stops selling oil to North Korea. 

The move comes amid a backdrop of mounting American pressure on China to be more forceful with the isolated nation.


### Source:

1. [International Business Times](http://www.ibtimes.com/china-suspends-fuel-sales-north-korea-amid-tense-times-2558704)

### Related:

1. [China-North Korea relations: Air China suspends all flights to North Korea's capital Pyongyang amid rising tensions between North Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/04/14/china-north-korea-relations-air-china-suspends-all-flights-to-north-korea-s-capital-pyongyang-amid-rising-tensions-between-north-korea-an.md) _Context: China-North Korea relations, North Korea_
2. [China-North Korea relations: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: China's Ministry of Commerce suspends all coal imports from North Korea until the end of 2017, as part of international sanctions against North Korea over its ballistic missile program. ](/news/2017/02/18/china-north-korea-relations-north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-china-s-ministry-of-commerce-suspends-all-coal-imports-from-nort.md) _Context: China-North Korea relations, North Korea_
3. [China-North Korea relations: China's Ministry of Commerce says that it is restricting trade with North Korea, in line with the recent sanctions approved by the United Nations Security Council last March. China will be banning the export of jet fuel and import of gold, some coal and "rare earth metals" used in high-tech goods. ](/news/2016/04/5/china-north-korea-relations-china-s-ministry-of-commerce-says-that-it-is-restricting-trade-with-north-korea-in-line-with-the-recent-sanc.md) _Context: China-North Korea relations, North Korea_
4. [Crime in North Korea: North Korea releases imprisoned Canadian pastor Hyeon Soo Lim on "sick bail." ](/news/2017/08/9/crime-in-north-korea-north-korea-releases-imprisoned-canadian-pastor-hyeon-soo-lim-on-sick-bail.md) _Context: North Korea_
5. [North Korea and the United Nations: The United Nations Security Council votes 15-0 to impose sanctions on North Korea for its intercontinental ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2017/08/5/north-korea-and-the-united-nations-the-united-nations-security-council-votes-15-0-to-impose-sanctions-on-north-korea-for-its-intercontine.md) _Context: North Korea_
6. [2017 North Korea crisis: The South Korean military reports North Korea has fired several short-range projectiles into the sea from its eastern Kangwon province. The U.S. military says three short-range missile launches either exploded on launch or failed in flight. ](/news/2017/08/26/2017-north-korea-crisis-the-south-korean-military-reports-north-korea-has-fired-several-short-range-projectiles-into-the-sea-from-its-easte.md) _Context: North Korea_
7. [North Korea-United States relations: In a video interview posted on the state-run website Uriminzokkiri, the two sons of James Joseph Dresnok (the last remaining American defector to North Korea) have confirmed that their father has died of a stroke last November 2016. ](/news/2017/08/21/north-korea-united-states-relations-in-a-video-interview-posted-on-the-state-run-website-uriminzokkiri-the-two-sons-of-james-joseph-dres.md) _Context: North Korea_
8. [2017 North Korea crisis: The International Institute for Strategic Studies releases a report arguing that North Korea has acquired a high-performance liquid-propellant engine for its missile program, probably from illicit networks in Russia and Ukraine, likely produced by Yuzhmash facilities. Ukraine denies the allegations. ](/news/2017/08/14/2017-north-korea-crisis-the-international-institute-for-strategic-studies-releases-a-report-arguing-that-north-korea-has-acquired-a-high-pe.md) _Context: North Korea_
9. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-9.md) _Context: North Korea_
10. [Total, CNPC and NIOC sign an investment of $5 billion in South Pars, the world largest gas field. ](/news/2017/07/3/total-cnpc-and-nioc-sign-an-investment-of-5-billion-in-south-pars-the-world-largest-gas-field.md) _Context: CNPC_
