### [2017-06-28](/news/2017/06/28/index.md)

# The Supreme Court of Venezuela bars chief prosecutor and outspoken critic of president Nicols Maduro, Luisa Ortega Daz, from leaving the country and freezes her assets. 

Venezuela’s Supreme Tribunal of Justice banned prosecutor general Luisa Ortega Diaz from leaving the country.


### Source:

1. [Sputnik](https://sputniknews.com/latam/201706291055065824-venezuela-bans-chief-prosecutor/)

### Related:

1. [Thousands of people take to the streets in Caracas as Venezuelan authorities acknowledge a fifth death in the protests. ](/news/2017/04/13/thousands-of-people-take-to-the-streets-in-caracas-as-venezuelan-authorities-acknowledge-a-fifth-death-in-the-protests.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Venezuela_
2. [In a ruling, Venezuela's Supreme Court says it "guarantees congressional functions will be exercised by" itself, authorizing president Nicolas Maduro to create oil joint ventures without the previously mandated congressional approval. Opposition leaders call it a "coup", while Peru recalls its ambassador. ](/news/2017/03/30/in-a-ruling-venezuela-s-supreme-court-says-it-guarantees-congressional-functions-will-be-exercised-by-itself-authorizing-president-nicol.md) _Context: Supreme Court, Venezuela_
3. [Venezuela's Supreme Tribunal of Justice upholds the 13-year, 9-month-plus prison term of Popular Will party founder Leopoldo  Lopez  for  inciting  violence, via "subliminal messages,"  at  the   2014 anti-government protests where 43 people were killed.  Yesterday, United States President Donald Trump  met with Lopez's wife, Lilian Tintori, and called on Venezuela to release Lopez immediately.   ](/news/2017/02/16/venezuela-s-supreme-tribunal-of-justice-upholds-the-13-year-9-month-plus-prison-term-of-popular-will-party-founder-leopoldo-la3pez-for-i.md) _Context: Supreme Court, Venezuela_
4. [The President of Venezuela, Nicolas Maduro suspends plans to eliminate the 100 bolivar note from circulation, in a country where much of the population lives on cash, without bank accounts. ](/news/2016/12/17/the-president-of-venezuela-nicolas-maduro-suspends-plans-to-eliminate-the-100-bolavar-note-from-circulation-in-a-country-where-much-of-th.md) _Context: Nicols Maduro, Venezuela_
5. [Venezuela's National Election Council cancels a planned meeting to determine the validity of 1.85 million signatures on a petition for a referendum to oust President Nicols Maduro. ](/news/2016/06/3/venezuela-s-national-election-council-cancels-a-planned-meeting-to-determine-the-validity-of-1-85-million-signatures-on-a-petition-for-a-ref.md) _Context: Nicols Maduro, Venezuela_
6. [Venezuela's Supreme Tribunal rules that opposition's proposed amendment to change the President's term of office from six  to four years can not be applied retroactively,  thereby ending this attempt to cut short President Nicolas Maduro's time in office. ](/news/2016/04/25/venezuela-s-supreme-tribunal-rules-that-opposition-s-proposed-amendment-to-change-the-president-s-term-of-office-from-six-to-four-years-can.md) _Context: Supreme Court, Venezuela_
7. [Violence breaks out in in the Venezuelan city of San Cristobal between students and police after a supreme court ruling curtailed the power of the opposition-controlled National Assembly to review government appointments of Supreme Court justices. ](/news/2016/03/3/violence-breaks-out-in-in-the-venezuelan-city-of-san-crista3bal-between-students-and-police-after-a-supreme-court-ruling-curtailed-the-power.md) _Context: Supreme Court, Venezuela_
8. [Police in the Dominican Republic raid a mansion owned by 30-year-old Francisco Flores de Freites, one of the two nephews of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro facing charges for allegedly trying to traffic 800 kg of cocaine into the U.S., and found more than 280 pounds of cocaine and 22 pounds of heroin hidden inside the nephew's posh Casa de Campo property and a 135-foot yacht named "The Kingdom" docked behind it. ](/news/2015/11/13/police-in-the-dominican-republic-raid-a-mansion-owned-by-30-year-old-francisco-flores-de-freites-one-of-the-two-nephews-of-venezuelan-presi.md) _Context: Nicols Maduro, Venezuela_
9. [Nicols Maduro is sworn in as the President of Venezuela despite a review of the results of the Venezuelan presidential election. ](/news/2013/04/19/nicolas-maduro-is-sworn-in-as-the-president-of-venezuela-despite-a-review-of-the-results-of-the-venezuelan-presidential-election.md) _Context: Nicols Maduro, Venezuela_
10. [The Venezuelan Supreme Tribunal of Justice rules that the latest inauguration of President Hugo Chavez can be deferred while his recovery continues from a cancer operation. ](/news/2013/01/9/the-venezuelan-supreme-tribunal-of-justice-rules-that-the-latest-inauguration-of-president-hugo-cha-vez-can-be-deferred-while-his-recovery-c.md) _Context: Supreme Court, Venezuela_
