### [2017-06-28](/news/2017/06/28/index.md)

# The Supreme Court of Venezuela bars Luisa Ortega Diaz, the chief prosecutor and outspoken critic of president Nicolas Maduro,  from leaving the country and freezes her assets. 

Venezuela’s Supreme Tribunal of Justice banned prosecutor general Luisa Ortega Diaz from leaving the country.


### Source:

1. [Sputnik](https://sputniknews.com/latam/201706291055065824-venezuela-bans-chief-prosecutor/)

### Related:

1. [The new Constituent Assembly votes to remove Attorney General Luisa Ortega Diaz, a prominent critic of President Nicolas Maduro, from her post. The move comes hours after troops from the National Guard surrounded her home in Caracas. ](/news/2017/08/5/the-new-constituent-assembly-votes-to-remove-attorney-general-luisa-ortega-daaz-a-prominent-critic-of-president-nicola-s-maduro-from-her.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Luisa Ortega Diaz, Nicolas Maduro_
2. [Voters in Venezuela participate in an election for members of a new Constitutional Assembly, devised by President Nicolas Maduro to amend the constitution following a legislative takeover in March. Many Venezuelans question the election's legitimacy, resulting in boycotts and ongoing protests. ](/news/2017/07/30/voters-in-venezuela-participate-in-an-election-for-members-of-a-new-constitutional-assembly-devised-by-president-nicola-s-maduro-to-amend-t.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
3. [In a ruling, Venezuela's Supreme Court says it "guarantees congressional functions will be exercised by" itself, authorizing president Nicolas Maduro to create oil joint ventures without the previously mandated congressional approval. Opposition leaders call it a "coup", while Peru recalls its ambassador. ](/news/2017/03/30/in-a-ruling-venezuela-s-supreme-court-says-it-guarantees-congressional-functions-will-be-exercised-by-itself-authorizing-president-nicol.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Supreme Tribunal, Venezuela_
4. [Venezuela's Supreme Tribunal rules that opposition's proposed amendment to change the President's term of office from six  to four years can not be applied retroactively,  thereby ending this attempt to cut short President Nicolas Maduro's time in office. ](/news/2016/04/25/venezuela-s-supreme-tribunal-rules-that-opposition-s-proposed-amendment-to-change-the-president-s-term-of-office-from-six-to-four-years-can.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Supreme Tribunal, Venezuela_
5. [Armed men dressed as soldiers, apparently led by former National Guard captain Juan Carlos Caguaripano, attack a Venezuelan Army base near Valencia, Carabobo, declaring themselves in rebellion against the National Constituent Assembly and President Nicolas Maduro. At least two people are killed. ](/news/2017/08/6/armed-men-dressed-as-soldiers-apparently-led-by-former-national-guard-captain-juan-carlos-caguaripano-attack-a-venezuelan-army-base-near-v.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Nicolas Maduro_
6. [Socorro Flores Liera, Mexico's deputy foreign minister for Latin America and the Caribbean, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Mexico City, that during the first half of 2017, 1,420 Venezuelans have sought asylum in Mexico, a nearly four-fold jump compared to the 361 total Venezuelan asylum applicants for all of 2016, as the result of Venezuela's deepening political and economic crisis. ](/news/2017/08/4/socorro-flores-liera-mexico-s-deputy-foreign-minister-for-latin-america-and-the-caribbean-speaks-during-an-interview-with-reuters-in-mexic.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Venezuela_
7. [Venezuelan opposition leaders Leopoldo Lopez and Mayor of Caracas Antonio Ledezma are seized at their homes overnight by the Bolivarian Intelligence Service (SEBIN) and taken to Ramo Verde Prison. They had been arrested previously by the Venezuelan  government, but were under house arrest at the time of being seized. ](/news/2017/08/1/venezuelan-opposition-leaders-leopoldo-la3pez-and-mayor-of-caracas-antonio-ledezma-are-seized-at-their-homes-overnight-by-the-bolivarian-int.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Venezuela_
8. [Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro says voting in his upcoming election on July 30 is mandatory for all 2.8 million state employees, with employees who do not vote facing ostracisation. Opponents of the government plan to hold their own unofficial referendum on the Maduro government on July 16. ](/news/2017/07/7/venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-says-voting-in-his-upcoming-election-on-july-30-is-mandatory-for-all-2-8-million-state-employees-with.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
9. [The United States sanctions Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro over the controversial Constitutional Assembly election which critics say is an attempt to establish a dictatorship. ](/news/2017/07/31/the-united-states-sanctions-venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-over-the-controversial-constitutional-assembly-election-which-critics-say-i.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Nicolas Maduro_
10. [Armed civilian groups attack the National Assembly building, after a clash between lawmakers and the Bolivarian National Guard (GNB), leaving various legislators and journalists injured. Opposition legislator and President of the Assembly Julio Borges blames President Nicolas Maduro for the attack. ](/news/2017/06/27/armed-civilian-groups-attack-the-national-assembly-building-after-a-clash-between-lawmakers-and-the-bolivarian-national-guard-gnb-leavin.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Nicolas Maduro_
