### [2015-05-29](/news/2015/05/29/index.md)

# Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016: Former Governor of Maryland Martin O'Malley will announce his candidacy for President of the United States at 10:00 am on May 30. 




### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://onpolitics.usatoday.com/2015/05/29/omalley-guitar-video/)

### Related:

1. [Martin O'Malley, the Governor of the US state of Maryland, signs a law legalizing gay marriage in that state. ](/news/2012/03/1/martin-o-malley-the-governor-of-the-us-state-of-maryland-signs-a-law-legalizing-gay-marriage-in-that-state.md) _Context: Governor, Martin O'Malley_
2. [Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016: The Associated Press reports that Hillary Clinton has the support of enough delegates to secure the Democratic Party nomination. Since delegates do not vote until the convention though, she is the presumptive nominee of the party. ](/news/2016/06/6/democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-the-associated-press-reports-that-hillary-clinton-has-the-support-of-enough-delegates-to-secu.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016_
3. [United States presidential election, 2016: United States presidential election in Guam, 2016: Voters in Guam head to the polls to vote in the Democratic presidential caucus. ](/news/2016/05/7/united-states-presidential-election-2016-united-states-presidential-election-in-guam-2016-voters-in-guam-head-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-th.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016: United States presidential election in Indiana, 2016: Voters in the U.S. state of Indiana head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/05/3/united-states-presidential-election-2016-united-states-presidential-election-in-indiana-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-indiana-head-to.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016, United States presidential election in West Virginia, 2016: United States presidential election in Nebraska, 2016: Voters in the state of West Virginia head to the polls to vote in the Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. Voters in the state of Nebraska vote in the Republican presidential primary with Donald Trump just 169 delegates short of securing the nomination. ](/news/2016/05/10/united-states-presidential-election-2016-united-states-presidential-election-in-west-virginia-2016-united-states-presidential-election-i.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016_
6. [United States presidential election, 2016: Voters in the U.S. states of Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/04/26/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-connecticut-delaware-maryland-pennsylvania-and-rhode-island-head.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016_
7. [United States presidential election, 2016: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016: Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016: Voters in the U.S. state of New York go to the polls for a primary election with Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump expected to win the respective contests for their parties in that state. ](/news/2016/04/19/united-states-presidential-election-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-vot.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016_
8. [Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016: Voters in the U.S. states of Mississippi, Michigan, Hawaii and Idaho vote in primary elections and caucuses. ](/news/2016/03/8/republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-mississippi-mich.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016_
9. [Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016: Voters in the states of Kansas, Louisiana, Nebraska, Maine, and Kentucky, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico participate in a party caucus or vote in a primary election. ](/news/2016/03/5/republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-voters-in-the-states-of-kansas-louisiana-neb.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016_
10. [United States presidential election, 2016: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016: Voters in the U.S. states of Alaska, Hawaii, and Washington gather for Democratic Party caucuses. ](/news/2016/03/26/united-states-presidential-election-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-alaska-hawaii-and-w.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016_
