### [2015-05-29](/news/2015/05/29/index.md)

# Dozens of people are rescued in the US state of Texas. The death toll from floods in Texas and Oklahoma has reached 24 dead with 13 missing with another 15 people dead from tornadoes in northern Mexico and Texas. 

Scores of people were rescued from flash flooding in Texas early Friday, as emergency responders struggled to cope with the wettest May on record.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted2.ap.org/APDEFAULT/3d281c11a96b4ad082fe88aa0db04305/Article_2015-05-29-US--Severe%20Weather-The%20Latest/id-0364e46083874d098a9abc618eeb84f3)
2. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/weather/texas-floods-dozens-rescued-state-struggles-record-rain-n366436?cid=eml_nbn_20150529)

### Related:

1. [Tornadoes of 2015 and The death toll from the recent storms in the American states of Texas and Oklahoma rises to 21 with 11 people missing. Fourteen more people have been killed in northern Mexico. ](/news/2015/05/28/tornadoes-of-2015-and-the-death-toll-from-the-recent-storms-in-the-american-states-of-texas-and-oklahoma-rises-to-21-with-11-people-missing.md) _Context: 2015 Texas–Oklahoma flood and tornado outbreak, Mexico, Oklahoma!, Texas_
2. [At least nine people are injured in severe storms that spawned multiple tornado touchdowns in northeastern Oklahoma and sections of the Southwestern United States. One patient is in critical condition; the others suffered serious injuries, according to the Emergency Medical Services Authority. Parts  of Texas, Louisiana, and Arkansas are also impacted. A flash flood watch has been issued through Thursday evening. Two (2) to 4 inches of rain is expected, with perhaps 6 inches in some locations. ](/news/2016/03/30/at-least-nine-people-are-injured-in-severe-storms-that-spawned-multiple-tornado-touchdowns-in-northeastern-oklahoma-and-sections-of-the-sout.md) _Context: Oklahoma!, Texas_
3. [Six people have been killed in Louisiana, Texas, and  Oklahoma, with two Mississippi fishermen missing, in this week's  flooding in the America's Deep South.  More than 24 inches of rain has fallen in some of the hardest-hit areas with more rain today that is expected to lead to additional flooding later this week. ](/news/2016/03/13/six-people-have-been-killed-in-louisiana-texas-and-oklahoma-with-two-mississippi-fishermen-missing-in-this-week-s-flooding-in-the-amer.md) _Context: Oklahoma!, Texas_
4. [Voters in the U.S. states of Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, and the overseas territory of American Samoa go to the polls to vote on Super Tuesday. ](/news/2016/03/1/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-alabama-alaska-arkansas-colorado-georgia-massachusetts-minnesota-oklahoma-tennessee-texas-vermont-vi.md) _Context: Oklahoma!, Texas_
5. [Ethan Couch, the so-called "affluenza" teen who violated probation for killing four people when driving while intoxicated when he disappeared from Tarrant County, Texas, is taken into custody in Mexico.  Mexican officials will remand Couch and his mother, with whom he fled, to the U.S. Marshals Service. ](/news/2015/12/29/ethan-couch-the-so-called-aaffluenzaa-teen-who-violated-probation-for-killing-four-people-when-driving-while-intoxicated-when-he-disapp.md) _Context: Mexico, Texas_
6. [A slow moving wintry storm system is responsible for more than a dozen deaths in the U.S. states of Texas, Oklahoma and Kansas. ](/news/2015/11/28/a-slow-moving-wintry-storm-system-is-responsible-for-more-than-a-dozen-deaths-in-the-u-s-states-of-texas-oklahoma-and-kansas.md) _Context: Oklahoma!, Texas_
7. [Flash floods and heavy storms in the American states of Texas and Oklahoma claim at least two lives with at least eight people missing and hundreds of homes destroyed. ](/news/2015/05/24/flash-floods-and-heavy-storms-in-the-american-states-of-texas-and-oklahoma-claim-at-least-two-lives-with-at-least-eight-people-missing-and-h.md) _Context: Oklahoma!, Texas_
8. [Record breaking rain causes flooding in the American states of Oklahoma and Texas with Oklahoma City recording record rainfall levels for the month of May. ](/news/2015/05/23/record-breaking-rain-causes-flooding-in-the-american-states-of-oklahoma-and-texas-with-oklahoma-city-recording-record-rainfall-levels-for-th.md) _Context: Oklahoma!, Texas_
9. [Mexican Drug War:The Mexican police find 9 mutilated bodies inside a SUV with Texas license plates in the northern state of Tamaulipas, Mexico. ](/news/2013/04/2/mexican-drug-war-pthe-mexican-police-find-9-mutilated-bodies-inside-a-suv-with-texas-license-plates-in-the-northern-state-of-tamaulipas-mex.md) _Context: Mexico, Texas_
10. [Wildfires severely damage homes and infrastructure in the US states of Texas and Oklahoma. ](/news/2011/08/31/wildfires-severely-damage-homes-and-infrastructure-in-the-us-states-of-texas-and-oklahoma.md) _Context: Oklahoma!, Texas_
