### [2015-05-29](/news/2015/05/29/index.md)

# Thailand will allow the United States to fly surveillance planes through their airspace, allowing the United States to identify boats carrying refugees. 

Thailand is to allow the US to fly surveillance planes through its airspace to help identify boats carrying migrants adrift in south-east Asian seas. &quot;Yes, we are permitting it, it is starting today,&quot; said Thailand&amp;#39;s Deputy Prime Minister General Tanasak Patimapragorn. The flights will help the migrant crisis that is rapidly developing in the region. 


### Source:

1. [ITV](http://www.itv.com/news/update/2015-05-29/thailand-to-allow-us-to-identify-migrant-boats/)

### Related:

1. [The Military junta of Thailand gives the Royal Thai Armed Forces broad police-like powers. The military is now allowed to prevent or suppress over 27 types of offenses. The move created an outcry from human rights organizations and prompted the United States to express its concern over the growing influence of the military in the country. ](/news/2016/04/5/the-military-junta-of-thailand-gives-the-royal-thai-armed-forces-broad-police-like-powers-the-military-is-now-allowed-to-prevent-or-suppres.md) _Context: Thailand, United States_
2. [Thai Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha orders officials to improve aviation safety standards after the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) downgraded Thailand's safety ratings. The lower rating is for failure to tackle commercial aviation standards shortcomings found in an audit this year. The European Aviation Safety Agency is due to announce the results of its own audit later in December. ](/news/2015/12/2/thai-prime-minister-prayuth-chan-ocha-orders-officials-to-improve-aviation-safety-standards-after-the-u-s-federal-aviation-administration.md) _Context: Thailand, United States_
3. [The United States State Department criticizes Thailand for deporting ethnic Uyghur back to China. The predominantly Uyghur Xinjiang province is the site of an ongoing political and religious crackdown in response to a wave of Muslim terrorist attacks in China. ](/news/2015/07/10/the-united-states-state-department-criticizes-thailand-for-deporting-ethnic-uyghur-back-to-china-the-predominantly-uyghur-xinjiang-province.md) _Context: Thailand, United States_
4. [Thailand extradites suspected Russian arms dealer Viktor Bout to the United States to face terrorism charges. ](/news/2010/11/16/thailand-extradites-suspected-russian-arms-dealer-viktor-bout-to-the-united-states-to-face-terrorism-charges.md) _Context: Thailand, United States_
5. [The extradiction of alleged arms dealer Viktor Bout from Thailand to the United States moves a step closer after a Thai court dismisses money laundering charges against him. ](/news/2010/10/5/the-extradiction-of-alleged-arms-dealer-viktor-bout-from-thailand-to-the-united-states-moves-a-step-closer-after-a-thai-court-dismisses-mone.md) _Context: Thailand, United States_
6. [A Thai appeals court rules to extradite alleged Russian arms dealer Viktor Bout to the United States; Russia expresses its disagreement with the ruling. ](/news/2010/08/20/a-thai-appeals-court-rules-to-extradite-alleged-russian-arms-dealer-viktor-bout-to-the-united-states-russia-expresses-its-disagreement-with.md) _Context: Thailand, United States_
7. [ Thailand coup d'tat: A coup d'tat occurs in Thailand, with tanks seen moving into place around government buildings in Bangkok. Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra declares a state of emergency in a TV broadcast from the United States, where he went for the United Nations General Assembly, but the transmission is reported to have been cut off. An announcement on Thai television declared that a "Council of Administrative Reform" with King Bhumibol Adulyadej as head of state had seized power in Bangkok and nearby provinces without any resistance. State TV stations are broadcasting messages of loyalty to the King, while international broadcast channels were blocked. ](/news/2006/09/19/thailand-coup-d-etat-p-a-coup-d-etat-occurs-in-thailand-with-tanks-seen-moving-into-place-around-government-buildings-in-bangkok-prime-mi.md) _Context: Thailand, United States_
8. [United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the ''Reforming American Immigration for Strong Employment Act of 2017'' (RAISE Act), a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. ](/news/2017/08/2/united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-reforming-american-immigration-for-s.md) _Context: United States_
9. [Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edits a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos.  ](/news/2017/08/2/teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edits-a-piece-of-faulty-dn.md) _Context: United States_
10. [The summit announces it is unable to gain agreement on climate change between the United States and the other 19 members of this international forum. ](/news/2017/07/8/the-summit-announces-it-is-unable-to-gain-agreement-on-climate-change-between-the-united-states-and-the-other-19-members-of-this-internation.md) _Context: United States_
