### [2015-05-29](/news/2015/05/29/index.md)

# The number of cases in an outbreak of Middle East respiratory syndrome in South Korea rises to 12. 

Yonhap news articles produced by building a network covering domestic supplies in various newspapers, broadcasting and government departments, major institutions, major corporations, media, K-Pop, K-Wave, Hallyu, Korean Wave, Korean pop, Korean pop culture, Korean culture, Korean idol, Korean movies, Internet media and international agreements of the Republic of Korea.


### Source:

1. [Yonhap News](http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/search1/2603000000.html?cid=AEN20150529009500320)

### Related:

1. [South Korean MERS outbreak: South Korea announces an end to the Middle East respiratory syndrome (MERS) outbreak that has killed 36 people since May 2015. The virus infected 186 people, with nearly 17,000 people confined to their homes and thousands of schools temporarily closing at the peak of the largest MERS outbreak outside Saudi Arabia, where it first appeared in 2012. ](/news/2015/12/23/south-korean-mers-outbreak-south-korea-announces-an-end-to-the-middle-east-respiratory-syndrome-mers-outbreak-that-has-killed-36-people-s.md) _Context: Middle East respiratory syndrome, South Korea_
2. [2015 Middle East respiratory syndrome coronavirus outbreak in South Korea: Four people have now died of MERS in South Korea with five new cases reported. ](/news/2015/06/5/2015-middle-east-respiratory-syndrome-coronavirus-outbreak-in-south-korea-four-people-have-now-died-of-mers-in-south-korea-with-five-new-ca.md) _Context: Middle East respiratory syndrome, South Korea_
3. [2015 Middle East respiratory syndrome outbreak in South Korea: South Korea reports three more deaths from Middle East Respiratory Syndrome bringing the death toll to 19 with 154 people diagnosed with the disease. ](/news/2015/06/16/2015-middle-east-respiratory-syndrome-outbreak-in-south-korea-south-korea-reports-three-more-deaths-from-middle-east-respiratory-syndrome-b.md) _Context: Middle East respiratory syndrome, South Korea_
4. [Health officials in the United States are advising doctors to be on the lookout for MERS following an outbreak in South Korea. ](/news/2015/06/11/health-officials-in-the-united-states-are-advising-doctors-to-be-on-the-lookout-for-mers-following-an-outbreak-in-south-korea.md) _Context: Middle East respiratory syndrome, South Korea_
5. [South Korea confirms its third case of Middle East Respiratory Syndrome. ](/news/2015/05/21/south-korea-confirms-its-third-case-of-middle-east-respiratory-syndrome.md) _Context: Middle East respiratory syndrome, South Korea_
6. [Disasters in South Korea: An explosion at a South Korean shipyard owned by STX Offshore & Shipbuilding kills four workers. ](/news/2017/08/20/disasters-in-south-korea-an-explosion-at-a-south-korean-shipyard-owned-by-stx-offshore-shipbuilding-kills-four-workers.md) _Context: South Korea_
7. [Gene editing: Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos. ](/news/2017/08/2/gene-editing-teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece.md) _Context: South Korea_
8. [South Korea's National Police raid the headquarters of Korean Air as part of an investigation into embezzlement and breach of trust related to misappropriated funds alleged to have been used to fund construction at the residence of Korean Air Chairman Cho Yang-ho (father of Heather Cho, instigator of the "Nut rage incident" in 2014). The company's shares continue to drop. ](/news/2017/07/7/south-korea-s-national-police-raid-the-headquarters-of-korean-air-as-part-of-an-investigation-into-embezzlement-and-breach-of-trust-related.md) _Context: South Korea_
9. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: 2017 North Korean missile tests: North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-2017-north-korean-missile-tests-north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-tha.md) _Context: South Korea_
10. [2017 North Korean missile tests: North Korea test fires several missiles, believed to be anti-ship weapons. The test comes immediately after South Korea suspends further deployment of the THAAD anti-missile system. ](/news/2017/06/8/2017-north-korean-missile-tests-north-korea-test-fires-several-missiles-believed-to-be-anti-ship-weapons-the-test-comes-immediately-after.md) _Context: South Korea_
