### [2015-05-29](/news/2015/05/29/index.md)

# The President of France Francois Hollande and the Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel call on the President of Russia Vladimir Putin to implement measures agreed on the Minsk ceasefire. 

Moscow&#x20;has&#x20;released&#x20;a&#x20;blacklist&#x20;of&#x20;European&#x20;Union&#x20;politicians&#x20;barred&#x20;from&#x20;Russia&#x20;in&#x20;response&#x20;to&#x20;EU&#x20;sanctions&#x20;over&#x20;Crimea&#x20;and&#x20;Ukraine,&#x20;Dutch&#x20;Prime&#x20;Minister&#x20;Mark&#x20;Rutte&#x20;said&#x20;on&#x20;Friday.


### Source:

1. [AFP via France 24](http://www.france24.com/en/20150529-russia-blacklists-eu-officials-ukraine)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/05/29/us-ukraine-crisis-france-idUSKBN0OE20620150529feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews&utm_source=twitter)

### Related:

1. [European Union leaders advise  the United Kingdom that, after their EU exit, to retain access to the bloc's lucrative single market, the UK must allow free movement for EU workers. German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande reiterated that freedom of movement of EU citizens is non-negotiable. ](/news/2016/06/29/european-union-leaders-advise-the-united-kingdom-that-after-their-eu-exit-to-retain-access-to-the-bloc-s-lucrative-single-market-the-uk.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Francois Hollande, German Chancellor, President of France_
2. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel invites the presidents of Russia, Ukraine, and France to meet tomorrow in Berlin to discuss peace efforts in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2016/10/18/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-invites-the-presidents-of-russia-ukraine-and-france-to-meet-tomorrow-in-berlin-to-discuss-peace-efforts-in.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German Chancellor, War in Donbass_
3. [Russia-United States relations,  U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry leaves for Moscow for talks on Syria and Ukraine with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on  Wednesday. Kerry is also  expected to discuss the case of Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko,  who today was sentenced to 22 years in prison in the city of Donetsk. ](/news/2016/03/22/russiaaunited-states-relations-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-leaves-for-moscow-for-talks-on-syria-and-ukraine-with-russian-presiden.md) _Context: Russia President, Vladimir Putin, War in Donbass_
4. [The President of Russia Vladimir Putin announces the third peace agreement. ](/news/2015/02/12/the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-announces-the-third-peace-agreement.md) _Context: Russia President, Vladimir Putin, War in Donbass_
5. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:The President of Russia Vladimir Putin meets with the President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko in Minsk, Belarus, as disputes in eastern Ukraine continue. ](/news/2014/08/26/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-pthe-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-meets-with-the-president-of-ukraine-petro-poroshenko-in-minsk-be.md) _Context: Minsk, Russia President, Vladimir Putin_
6. [Eurozone debt crisis:Nicolas Sarkozy, the President of France, and Angela Merkel, the Chancellor of Germany, call for a new European Union Treaty to help prevent future Eurozone crises. ](/news/2011/12/5/eurozone-debt-crisis-pnicolas-sarkozy-the-president-of-france-and-angela-merkel-the-chancellor-of-germany-call-for-a-new-european-union.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German Chancellor, President of France_
7. [ Presidency of the European Council: Tony Blair's former chief-of-staff, Jonathan Powell, has been touring European capital cities, including Brussels, Paris and Prague, in an undercover move to make him the first President of the European Council. Blair is supported by French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel. ](/news/2009/10/3/presidency-of-the-european-council-p-tony-blair-s-former-chief-of-staff-jonathan-powell-has-been-touring-european-capital-cities-includi.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German Chancellor, President of France_
8. [ The President of France, Nicolas Sarkozy, says he will travel to Ireland to assist the passing of the forthcoming Treaty of Lisbon referendum at a joint news conference with the Chancellor of Germany, Angela Merkel, in Paris. ](/news/2009/06/11/the-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-says-he-will-travel-to-ireland-to-assist-the-passing-of-the-forthcoming-treaty-of-lisbon-referend.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German Chancellor, President of France_
9. [ The President of France Nicolas Sarkozy travels to Moscow to meet with the President of Russia Vladimir Putin to discuss a broad range of policies including Kosovo, Chechnya, and Iran. ](/news/2007/10/9/the-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-travels-to-moscow-to-meet-with-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-to-discuss-a-broad-range-of-p.md) _Context: President of France, Russia President, Vladimir Putin_
10. [ Angela Merkel, the Chancellor of Germany, holds talks with Vladimir Putin, the President of Russia over energy security issues. ](/news/2007/01/21/angela-merkel-the-chancellor-of-germany-holds-talks-with-vladimir-putin-the-president-of-russia-over-energy-security-issues.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Russia President, Vladimir Putin_
