### [2015-05-29](/news/2015/05/29/index.md)

# The United States officially removes Cuba from its list of State Sponsors of Terrorism. 

The U.S. has formally dropped Cuba from the list of state sponsors of terrorism.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/u-s-officially-removes-cuba-state-sponsor-terrorism-list-n366621?cid=eml_nbn_20150529)
1. [Cover Image](https://media1.s-nbcnews.com/j/newscms/2015_16/977316/150414-cuba-us-flag-santiago-1724_bf594db02b2f95c137e348928dd2a4f3.nbcnews-fp-1200-800.jpg)

### Related:

1. [For the first time in 25 years, the United States abstains in a United Nations vote calling for an end to its Cuban economic embargo. ](/news/2016/10/26/for-the-first-time-in-25-years-the-united-states-abstains-in-a-united-nations-vote-calling-for-an-end-to-its-cuban-economic-embargo.md) _Context: Cuba, United States_
2. [The first commercial flight from the United States to Cuba since 1961 takes place as "JetBlue Flight 387" lands in Santa Clara, Villa Clara province, after a 51-minute flight from Fort Lauderdale, Florida. "JetBlue Flight 387" had 150 passengers, including United States Secretary of Transportation Anthony Foxx. ](/news/2016/08/31/the-first-commercial-flight-from-the-united-states-to-cuba-since-1961-takes-place-as-jetblue-flight-387-lands-in-santa-clara-villa-clara.md) _Context: Cuba, United States_
3. [Carnival Cruise Lines says it will postpone its first cruise in 50 years from the United States to Havana, if Cuba does not waive its rule and allow Cuban-Americans passengers. Current Cuban law does not allow those born on the island to return by sea. ](/news/2016/04/18/carnival-cruise-lines-says-it-will-postpone-its-first-cruise-in-50-years-from-the-united-states-to-havana-if-cuba-does-not-waive-its-rule-a.md) _Context: Cuba, United States_
4. [The United States and Cuba sign an agreement restoring commercial air traffic between the two countries for the first time in 50 years. The U.S. Department of Transportation immediately opened bidding for as many as 110 U.S.-Cuba flights per day to Havana and nine other destinations. Travel from the U.S. is permitted in 12 authorized categories, which does not include tourism. ](/news/2016/02/16/the-united-states-and-cuba-sign-an-agreement-restoring-commercial-air-traffic-between-the-two-countries-for-the-first-time-in-50-years-the.md) _Context: Cuba, United States_
5. [The United States and Cuba reach an understanding on restoring regularly scheduled commercial flights. Currently, the only option available is charter flights. ](/news/2015/12/16/the-united-states-and-cuba-reach-an-understanding-on-restoring-regularly-scheduled-commercial-flights-currently-the-only-option-available.md) _Context: Cuba, United States_
6. [U.S. and Cuban officials sign an environmental accord in Havana, the first such agreement since the countries renewed diplomatic relations this summer. ](/news/2015/11/18/u-s-and-cuban-officials-sign-an-environmental-accord-in-havana-the-first-such-agreement-since-the-countries-renewed-diplomatic-relations-t.md) _Context: Cuba, United States_
7. [Nicaragua deploys its military to help close its southern border in a dispute with Costa Rica over the passage of Cuban migrants on their way to the United States. Nicaragua's government said Costa Rica's decision to grant seven-day transit visas to 1,200 Cuban migrants who entered the country through Panama, "violated national sovereignty". Nicaraguan troops and riot police fired tear gas at people attempting to enter in what Costa Rica called a "humanitarian crisis". ](/news/2015/11/16/nicaragua-deploys-its-military-to-help-close-its-southern-border-in-a-dispute-with-costa-rica-over-the-passage-of-cuban-migrants-on-their-wa.md) _Context: Cuba, United States_
8. [Pope Francis returns to Rome after finishing his trip to Cuba and the United States. ](/news/2015/09/28/pope-francis-returns-to-rome-after-finishing-his-trip-to-cuba-and-the-united-states.md) _Context: Cuba, United States_
9. [Pope Francis arrives in the U.S. from his last stop in Cuba, Santiago de Cuba, at Joint Base Andrews (formerly, Andrews Air Force Base), near Washington D.C., to start his first tour of the United States. He is received by U.S. President Barack Obama, his wife, U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama, Malia and Sasha Obama, Marian Lois Robinson, U.S. Vice President Joseph R. Biden, his wife, U.S. Second Lady Dr. Jill Biden, two Biden granddaughters, the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S. Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano, military and base leaders, and Washington's Cardinal Donald Wuerl. He will be received tomorrow morning in a second arrival ceremony, at the White House, and will meet with the President there. ](/news/2015/09/22/pope-francis-arrives-in-the-u-s-from-his-last-stop-in-cuba-santiago-de-cuba-at-joint-base-andrews-formerly-andrews-air-force-base-nea.md) _Context: Cuba, United States_
10. [The United States departments of Commerce and Treasury announce removal of a series of restrictions on Americans traveling to and doing business with Cuba effective September 21, 2015. The U.S. economic embargo, itself, remains in place until Congress acts. ](/news/2015/09/18/the-united-states-departments-of-commerce-and-treasury-announce-removal-of-a-series-of-restrictions-on-americans-traveling-to-and-doing-busi.md) _Context: Cuba, United States_
