### [2009-05-13](/news/2009/05/13/index.md)

#  The European Commission fines Intel Corporation -1.06 billion for anti-competitive practices. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/business/8047546.stm)

### Related:

1. [ The European Commission accuses Intel Corporation of anti-competitive practices against Advanced Micro Devices. ](/news/2007/07/27/the-european-commission-accuses-intel-corporation-of-anti-competitive-practices-against-advanced-micro-devices.md) _Context: European Commission, Intel Corporation, anti-competitive practices_
2. [Eurozone debt crisis:: The European Commission states that the combined eurozone economy is likely to contract by 0.3% in 2012, as an ongoing debt crisis and high unemployment continue to wrack the 17 euro-using nations. ](/news/2012/05/12/eurozone-debt-crisis-the-european-commission-states-that-the-combined-eurozone-economy-is-likely-to-contract-by-0-3-in-2012-as-an-ongoin.md) _Context: EUR, European Commission_
3. [International Criminal Court investigation in Mali: The International Criminal Court has ruled that Ahmad al-Faqi al-Mahdi is liable for about - 2.7 million in personal damages for the destruction of Timbuktu's heritage sites, and that the victims (including Mali itself and the international community) be paid "individual, collective, and symbolic" reparations. The Trust Fund for Victims is to decide until 16 February 2018 how the amount will be paid (the Court has also recognized that the penniless al-Mahdi would be unable to pay). ](/news/2017/08/17/international-criminal-court-investigation-in-mali-the-international-criminal-court-has-ruled-that-ahmad-al-faqi-al-mahdi-is-liable-for-abo.md) _Context: EUR_
4. [Politics of Poland: Polish President Andrzej Duda announces he will veto two judicial reform bills passed by Poland's parliament, which the European Commission said would result in sanctions, and which have generated continuous demonstrations across the country. The ruling Law and Justice Party needs to put together a three-fifths majority to override the veto. ](/news/2017/07/24/politics-of-poland-polish-president-andrzej-duda-announces-he-will-veto-two-judicial-reform-bills-passed-by-poland-s-parliament-which-the.md) _Context: European Commission_
5. [European Union competition law: The European Commission imposes a record -2.42bn antitrust fine on internet giant Google for allegedly manipulating its search engine results. ](/news/2017/06/27/european-union-competition-law-the-european-commission-imposes-a-record-2-42bn-antitrust-fine-on-internet-giant-google-for-allegedly-man.md) _Context: European Commission_
6. [French presidential election, 2017: The closely-watched CEVIPOF poll shows Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen clinging to a narrow lead heading into the first stage of the election, with Le Pen recently becoming embroiled in a spat with the European Commission after refusing to appear on TF1 while there remained a Flag of Europe in the background. ](/news/2017/04/19/french-presidential-election-2017-the-closely-watched-cevipof-poll-shows-emmanuel-macron-and-marine-le-pen-clinging-to-a-narrow-lead-headi.md) _Context: European Commission_
7. [Turkish constitutional referendum, 2017: The European Commission, based on the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe report, calls on Turkey to launch an investigation into allegations of referendum voting irregularities. ](/news/2017/04/18/turkish-constitutional-referendum-2017-the-european-commission-based-on-the-organization-for-security-and-co-operation-in-europe-report.md) _Context: European Commission_
8. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia had failed to protect students and teachers during the 2004 Beslan school siege, which left 334 people dead, and orders the Russian Government to pay 2,955,000 euros to 409 relatives of the victims. The ruling was quickly denounced by Russia as "unacceptable". ](/news/2017/04/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-had-failed-to-protect-students-and-teachers-during-the-2004-beslan-school-siege-which.md) _Context: EUR_
9. [The European Commission blocks the third attempt of the London Stock Exchange and Deutsche Borse at a merger, citing the danger of a "de facto monopoly in the crucial area of fixed income instruments". ](/news/2017/03/29/the-european-commission-blocks-the-third-attempt-of-the-london-stock-exchange-and-deutsche-baprse-at-a-merger-citing-the-danger-of-a-de-fa.md) _Context: European Commission_
10. [Former Congolese Vice President and warlord Jean-Pierre Bemba, sentenced last year by the International Criminal Court (ICC) to 18 years in prison for war crimes, is given an additional 12 months and fined 300,000 euros for bribing witnesses during an earlier ICC trial. The court also handed jail terms and fines for alleged interference in his trial to members of his legal team. ](/news/2017/03/22/former-congolese-vice-president-and-warlord-jean-pierre-bemba-sentenced-last-year-by-the-international-criminal-court-icc-to-18-years-in.md) _Context: EUR_
