### [2011-03-14](/news/2011/03/14/index.md)

# The Obama administration holds the first of five meetings that eventually lead to Operation Neptune Spear, which caused the Death of Osama bin Laden.  

U.S. officials began Monday to provide some details on the chronology of events leading up to Osama bin Laden’s death.


### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/bin-laden-discovered-hiding-in-plain-sight/2011/05/02/AFEljUbF_story_1.html)

### Related:

1. [The President of the United States Barack Obama thanks service personnel in the operation against Osama bin Laden at Fort Campbell and awards them a Presidential Unit Citation. ](/news/2011/05/6/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-thanks-service-personnel-in-the-operation-against-osama-bin-laden-at-fort-campbell-and-award.md) _Context: Barack Obama, father's killing_
2. [President of the United States Barack Obama visits the World Trade Center site in New York City to commemorate the victims of the September 11 attacks following the death of Osama bin Laden. ](/news/2011/05/5/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-visits-the-world-trade-center-site-in-new-york-city-to-commemorate-the-victims-of-the-september.md) _Context: Barack Obama, father's killing_
3. [Reactions to the death of Osama bin Laden:Barack Obama decides not to release photos of Osama bin Laden following his death but Reuters releases photos taken at the Abbotabad compound. ](/news/2011/05/4/reactions-to-the-death-of-osama-bin-laden-pbarack-obama-decides-not-to-release-photos-of-osama-bin-laden-following-his-death-but-reuters-rel.md) _Context: Barack Obama, father's killing_
4. [Death of Osama bin Laden:President of the United States Barack Obama announces in a special TV broadcast that Osama bin Laden, the founder and leader of the militant Islamist group Al-Qaeda and the most-wanted fugitive on the FBI's Ten Most Wanted Fugitives, was killed on May 2 (Pakistan Standard Time) during an American military operation in Abbottabad, near Islamabad, Pakistan and that his body is in U.S. custody. ](/news/2011/05/1/death-of-osama-bin-laden-ppresident-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-in-a-special-tv-broadcast-that-osama-bin-laden-the-founder.md) _Context: Barack Obama, father's killing_
5. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
6. [United States Army soldier Chelsea Manning is released from prison after serving seven years. Manning was sentenced by a U.S. military court to 35 years in prison, but her sentence was commuted by President Barack Obama. ](/news/2017/05/17/united-states-army-soldier-chelsea-manning-is-released-from-prison-after-serving-seven-years-manning-was-sentenced-by-a-u-s-military-court.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
7. [U.S. President Donald Trump accuses former President Barack Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower the month before the 2016 presidential election but offers no evidence to support his claim. A spokesman for President Obama rejects these claims. ](/news/2017/03/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-accuses-former-president-barack-obama-of-wiretapping-trump-tower-the-month-before-the-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
8. [United States Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says he thinks the longer term status of president Bashar al-Assad is to be "decided by the Syrian people". This appears as a policy shift, since under president Barack Obama's administration, the United States made the departure of Assad a key policy aim. ](/news/2017/03/30/united-states-secretary-of-state-rex-tillerson-says-he-thinks-the-longer-term-status-of-president-bashar-al-assad-is-to-be-decided-by-the-s.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
9. [U.S. President Trump signs an executive order undoing former President Obama's climate change policies. ](/news/2017/03/28/u-s-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-undoing-former-president-obama-s-climate-change-policies.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
10. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
