### [2011-03-14](/news/2011/03/14/index.md)

# The hacker group Anonymous releases e-mails obtained from the Bank of America. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/03/13/us-bankofamerica-anonymous-idUSTRE72C3QA20110313?WT)
1. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20110313&t=2&i=361523387&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=2011-03-13T215134Z_01_BTRE72C1OQC00_RTROPTP_0_BANKOFAMERICA-INVESTORS)

### Related:

1. [Hacktivist collective Anonymous declares a cyber-war on Turkey, and claims responsibility for the major week-long cyber-attack between 14 and 21 December on Turkey, which it accuses of supporting the jihadist Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), and threatened additional attacks in case the alleged support continues. "We will continue attacking your internet, your root DNS, your banks and take your government sites down," it said. "After the root DNS, we will start to hit your airports, military assets and private state connections. We will destroy your critical banking infrastructure," the group added. ](/news/2015/12/23/hacktivist-collective-anonymous-declares-a-cyber-war-on-turkey-and-claims-responsibility-for-the-major-week-long-cyber-attack-between-14-an.md) _Context: Hacktivist, hacker group Anonymous_
2. [In the United States, the hacking group Anonymous starts releasing names and information about alleged members of the Ku Klux Klan (KKK), a white-supremacist terrorist group originally founded after the Civil War by former Confederate soldiers. Prominent individuals listed deny the allegations. The group says they also infiltrated KKK-affiliated websites, and warned of more action culminating on November 24, the anniversary of the Ferguson, Missouri grand jury's decision not to indict. ](/news/2015/11/2/in-the-united-states-the-hacking-group-anonymous-starts-releasing-names-and-information-about-alleged-members-of-the-ku-klux-klan-kkk-a.md) _Context: Hacktivist, hacker group Anonymous_
3. [Hacktivist group Anonymous claims credit for the hacking of the website of the United States Sentencing Commission in response to the suicide of Aaron Swartz. ](/news/2013/01/26/hacktivist-group-anonymous-claims-credit-for-the-hacking-of-the-website-of-the-united-states-sentencing-commission-in-response-to-the-suicid.md) _Context: Hacktivist, hacker group Anonymous_
4. [The United Kingdom Home Office is subjected to an attack believed to be from the Anonymous computer hacking group. ](/news/2012/04/7/the-united-kingdom-home-office-is-subjected-to-an-attack-believed-to-be-from-the-anonymous-computer-hacking-group.md) _Context: Hacktivist, hacker group Anonymous_
5. [Berkshire Hathaway Inc has become the largest shareholder of Bank of America by exercising its right to acquire 700 million shares at a steep discount, more than tripling an investment it made six years ago. Bank of America on Tuesday announced the exercise of the warrants, which gave Berkshire, controlled by Warren Buffett, the right to buy the bank's shares for about $7.14 each. Bank of America shares closed down 14 cents at $23.58 on the same day. ](/news/2017/08/29/berkshire-hathaway-inc-has-become-the-largest-shareholder-of-bank-of-america-by-exercising-its-right-to-acquire-700-million-shares-at-a-stee.md) _Context: Bank of America_
6. [Bank of America chooses Dublin as its European hub. ](/news/2017/07/22/bank-of-america-chooses-dublin-as-its-european-hub.md) _Context: Bank of America_
7. [The hacker group Anonymous follows through on its threat and releases candidate Donald Trump's personal information (unverified) including his Social Security number, his phone numbers, his agent and his legal representatives. ](/news/2016/03/17/the-hacker-group-anonymous-follows-through-on-its-threat-and-releases-candidate-donald-trump-s-personal-information-unverified-including-h.md) _Context: hacker group Anonymous_
8. [A New York state appellate court in Manhattan rules to approve in its entirety the 2011 settlement by Bank of America with 22 institutional investors including BlackRock Inc, MetLife Inc, and Allianz SE's Pacific Investment Management Co to resolve claims over $174 billion of mortgage securities issued by the former Countrywide Financial Corp. in a $8.5 billion settlement. ](/news/2015/03/5/a-new-york-state-appellate-court-in-manhattan-rules-to-approve-in-its-entirety-the-2011-settlement-by-bank-of-america-with-22-institutional.md) _Context: Bank of America_
9. [The U.S. District Court in Manhattan, via Judge Jed Rakoff, orders Bank of America to pay $1.27 billion in damages relating to the housing bubble-era actions of what is now its Countrywide unit. ](/news/2014/07/30/the-u-s-district-court-in-manhattan-via-judge-jed-rakoff-orders-bank-of-america-to-pay-1-27-billion-in-damages-relating-to-the-housing-b.md) _Context: Bank of America_
10. [Bank of America agrees to pay $727 million to customers as restitution for deceptive marketing practices and unfair billing. An additional $45 million will be paid as fines to government regulatory groups. ](/news/2014/04/9/bank-of-america-agrees-to-pay-727-million-to-customers-as-restitution-for-deceptive-marketing-practices-and-unfair-billing-an-additional.md) _Context: Bank of America_
