### [2008-12-10](/news/2008/12/10/index.md)

#  Former President of Finland Martti Ahtisaari receives Nobel peace prize in Oslo.




### Related:

1. [Leaders of the European Union accept the 2012 Nobel Peace Prize in Oslo, Norway. ](/news/2012/12/10/leaders-of-the-european-union-accept-the-2012-nobel-peace-prize-in-oslo-norway.md) _Context: Nobel Peace Prize, Oslo_
2. [The Norwegian Nobel Committee announce the winners of the Nobel Peace Prize in Oslo, with the prize being shared between the President of Liberia Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf, Liberian activist Leymah Gbowee and Yemeni women's rights activist Tawakkul Karman. ](/news/2011/10/7/the-norwegian-nobel-committee-announce-the-winners-of-the-nobel-peace-prize-in-oslo-with-the-prize-being-shared-between-the-president-of-li.md) _Context: Nobel Peace Prize, Oslo_
3. [ Nobel Prize: The Nobel peace prize is awarded to former Finnish president Martti Ahtisaari for mediation for the resolution of international conflicts  who, as a UN special envoy, guided Namibia to independence in 1990, oversaw the 2005 reconciliation between the government of Indonesia and rebels in Aceh, and mediated a peace deal in Kosovo.](/news/2008/10/10/nobel-prize-p-the-nobel-peace-prize-is-awarded-to-former-finnish-president-martti-ahtisaari-for-mediation-for-the-resolution-of-internation.md) _Context: Martti Ahtisaari, Nobel Peace Prize_
4. [ The International Atomic Energy Agency and its Director General Mohamed ElBaradei receive the Nobel Peace Prize in Oslo. ](/news/2005/12/10/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-and-its-director-general-mohamed-elbaradei-receive-the-nobel-peace-prize-in-oslo.md) _Context: Nobel Peace Prize, Oslo_
5. [Shirin Ebadi of Iran receives the Nobel Peace Prize in Oslo, Norway. In her acceptance speech she delivers heavy criticism against the War on Terrorism as an excuse for human rights violations. She also repeats her argument that discrimination against women in Muslim countries has no foundation in religion, but rather in culture. ](/news/2003/12/10/shirin-ebadi-of-iran-receives-the-nobel-peace-prize-in-oslo-norway-in-her-acceptance-speech-she-delivers-heavy-criticism-against-the-war-o.md) _Context: Nobel Peace Prize, Oslo_
6. [Chinese political activist and Nobel Peace Prize laureate Liu Xiaobo is released from prison on medical parole after being diagnosed with terminal liver cancer. ](/news/2017/06/26/chinese-political-activist-and-nobel-peace-prize-laureate-liu-xiaobo-is-released-from-prison-on-medical-parole-after-being-diagnosed-with-te.md) _Context: Nobel Peace Prize_
7. [Colombian president Juan Manuel Santos receives his award in Oslo, Norway. ](/news/2016/12/10/colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-receives-his-award-in-oslo-norway.md) _Context: Oslo_
8. [The Nobel Prize committee awards Colombian president Juan Manuel Santos the Nobel Peace Prize for his resolute efforts to bring the country's more than 50-year-long civil war to an end, a war that has cost the lives of at least 220 thousand Colombians and displaced close to six million people. ](/news/2016/10/7/the-nobel-prize-committee-awards-colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-the-nobel-peace-prize-for-his-resolute-efforts-to-bring-the-country.md) _Context: Nobel Peace Prize_
9. [Former President and Prime Minister of Israel, and Nobel Peace Prize winner Shimon Peres dies at the age of 93. ](/news/2016/09/28/former-president-and-prime-minister-of-israel-and-nobel-peace-prize-winner-shimon-peres-dies-at-the-age-of-93.md) _Context: Nobel Peace Prize_
10. [Following his meeting at Finnish  President Sauli Niinisto's residence, Russian President Vladimir Putin says that Russia would respect Finland's choice whether to join NATO, though as part of NATO's military infrastructure, Finnish Defence Forces would overnight be at the borders of the Russian Federation. Putin and Niinisto call for improved security in Baltic airspace where Russian and Western aircraft have had close encounters in recent months. ](/news/2016/07/1/following-his-meeting-at-finnish-president-sauli-niinistap-s-residence-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-that-russia-would-respect-fin.md) _Context: President_
