### [2015-06-27](/news/2015/06/27/index.md)

# Pope Francis, in an Apostolic Letter, done "Motu Proprio" (Latin: "On his own initiative"), creates the Secretariat for Communications, the second such Secretariat he has created, after the earlier Secretariat for the Economy, as part of a reform of the Roman Curia (Secretariats are the highest level of Curial dicastery, or department). It will incorporate Vatican Information Service (VIS), the News.va and Pope apps, the Vatican Television Center, the Vatican.va website and .va domain name, the L'Osservatore Romano newspaper, the Holy See Press Office, Vatican Radio, and the Pontifical Council for Social Communications. He named the Reverend Monsignor Dario Edoardo Vigano, formerly the Vatican Television Center Director, as the first Prefect. 

The Vatican&rsquo;s nine communications offices will soon be consolidated under the authority of the newly-established Secretariat for Communications, per a Saturday directive of Pope Francis.


### Source:

1. [English translation of Vatican's text of the document](http://www.microsofttranslator.com/BV.aspx?ref=IE8Activity&a=http%3A%2F%2Fw2.vatican.va%2Fcontent%2Ffrancesco%2Fit%2Fmotu_proprio%2Fdocuments%2Fpapa-francesco-motu-proprio_20150627_segreteria-comunicazione.html)
2. [Catholic News Agency](http://www.catholicnewsagency.com/news/pope-francis-creates-new-secretariat-overseeing-all-vatican-communications-10481/)
3. [English translation of the appointment](http://www.microsofttranslator.com/BV.aspx?ref=IE8Activity&a=http%3A%2F%2Fpress.vatican.va%2Fcontent%2Fsalastampa%2Fit%2Fbollettino%2Fpubblico%2F2015%2F06%2F27%2F0515%2F01129.html)

### Related:

1. [Pope Francis, in his annual pre-Christmas speech, urged the Roman Curia (cardinals and bishops who direct Holy See actions),   to follow his "catalogue of virtues," e.g., to show more maturity, honesty, humility, and sobriety in their tasks. He listed "Curial antibiotics" to treat the "15 ailments of the Curia" he outlined last year and which still plague the Vatican. ](/news/2015/12/21/pope-francis-in-his-annual-pre-christmas-speech-urged-the-roman-curia-cardinals-and-bishops-who-direct-holy-see-actions-to-follow-his.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Roman Curia_
2. [At the Vatican, Pope Francis's officials in the Roman Curia formally release the text of his most recent encyclical, ''Laudato si'''. The text, which had been quite anticipated by many sides on the climate change debate and been criticized by some for his involvement in the politicized and charged issue, had been previously leaked. ](/news/2015/06/18/at-the-vatican-pope-francis-s-officials-in-the-roman-curia-formally-release-the-text-of-his-most-recent-encyclical-laudato-si-the-te.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Roman Curia_
3. [Pope Francis, in the most significant reform of the Roman Curia in 25 years, creates a second Secretariat, for Economic Affairs, headed by a Cardinal (which will work with the Vatican Secretariat of State, the reformed Vatican bank, or IOR, and the other economic departments of the Roman Curia), which will have an office with the power to audit any Vatican agency at any time. ](/news/2014/02/24/pope-francis-in-the-most-significant-reform-of-the-roman-curia-in-25-years-creates-a-second-secretariat-for-economic-affairs-headed-by-a.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Roman Curia_
4. [Pope Francis, in his first major action on the still very pressing issue, gives his assent during meetings on reform of the Roman Curia to the creation of a permanent expert-member Pontifical Commission which would advise the Catholic Church on how to deal with cases of the sin and crime of sex abuse of minors by those in Church ministries (as of now, it would not be able to take corrective action against lax Bishops; dioceses and then the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith are in charge of laicizing abusive clerics). ](/news/2013/12/5/pope-francis-in-his-first-major-action-on-the-still-very-pressing-issue-gives-his-assent-during-meetings-on-reform-of-the-roman-curia-to-t.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Roman Curia_
5. [ The Vatican announces that it has taken the unusual step of suspending the announced beatification of the Reverend Leon Dehon in order to investigate charges of anti-Semitism. ](/news/2005/06/17/the-vatican-announces-that-it-has-taken-the-unusual-step-of-suspending-the-announced-beatification-of-the-reverend-leon-dehon-in-order-to-i.md) _Context: Reverend, Roman Curia_
6. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
7. [Paraguayan President Horacio Cartes says he will not be a candidate in next year's presidential election regardless of Congress's action on  a constitutional  amendment that would allow second terms. Cartes adds his decision was informed by Pope Francis's call for peace and dialogue in Paraguay following protests against this change that turned violent two weeks ago.  ](/news/2017/04/17/paraguayan-president-horacio-cartes-says-he-will-not-be-a-candidate-in-next-year-s-presidential-election-regardless-of-congress-s-action-on.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
8. [Pope Francis donates 100,000 euros for the poor of Aleppo. ](/news/2017/03/10/pope-francis-donates-100-000-euros-for-the-poor-of-aleppo.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
9. [At the Indigenous Peoples Forum in Rome, Italy, Pope Francis says that developmental needs have to be reconciled with the protection of the particular characteristics of indigenous peoples and their territories. This is taken by some as a reference to the Standing Rock Sioux and other groups opposing the Dakota Access Pipeline. ](/news/2017/02/15/at-the-indigenous-peoples-forum-in-rome-italy-pope-francis-says-that-developmental-needs-have-to-be-reconciled-with-the-protection-of-the.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
10. [Pope Francis takes ''de facto'' control of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta (the entity retains sovereignty under international law), forcing its leader Prince and Grand Master Matthew Festing to resign. ](/news/2017/01/28/pope-francis-takes-de-facto-control-of-the-sovereign-military-order-of-malta-the-entity-retains-sovereignty-under-international-law-f.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
