### [2002-08-14](/news/2002/08/14/index.md)

#  Extreme weather: The peak of a 100-year flood of the Vltava River surges through the Czech Republic into the Elbe in Germany. In Plzen the city center is flooded, and breweries shut down. In Ceske Budejovice, most of the old town is under more than a foot of water, and the Czech Budweiser breweries are shut down. More than 200,000 Czechs are forced to leave their homes. Damages are estimated at over $600 million. In Dresden, the Zwinger Palace courtyard and basement are flooded, damaging paintings. The Semper Opera basement is flooded, closing it for weeks. More than 3,000 hospital patients are evacuated. Europe-wide death toll is now 99.




### Related:

1. [ Extreme weather: The Elbe crests at Dresden at the record height of 30.84|ft|m. 30,000 Germans are evacuated along the river's path.](/news/2002/08/17/extreme-weather-the-elbe-crests-at-dresden-at-the-record-height-of-30-84-ft-m-30-000-germans-are-evacuated-along-the-river-s-path.md) _Context: Dresden, Elbe, extreme weather_
2. [ Extreme weather: On the seventh day of heavy rains, the peak of 100-year flood of the Vltava River reaches Prague, and the Kampa district is submerged under several yards of water, as well as the Prague Zoo, killing an elephant, five rhinoceros, a lion, a gorilla and 80 birds, and allowing five seals to escape. The Kampa Museum is flooded. 15,000 people were evacuated from Melnik, and 1,600 people were evacuated from Decin. The death toll in Europe is at 88, 9 in the Czech Republic.](/news/2002/08/13/extreme-weather-on-the-seventh-day-of-heavy-rains-the-peak-of-100-year-flood-of-the-vltava-river-reaches-prague-and-the-kampa-district-i.md) _Context: 100-year flood, Vltava River, extreme weather_
3. [ Extreme weather: The death toll in Europe caused by flooding has risen to at least 74, with 58 deaths in Russia, 3 in Germany, 3 in Austria, and one in the Czech Republic. Prime Minister Vladimir Spidla declared a state of emergency in Prague, Bohemia, Plzen and Karlovy Vary. All shipping on the Danube has been halted. Premier Silvio Berlusconi approved $50 million in emergency aid in response to the $300 million in damage of northern Italy's crops.](/news/2002/08/12/extreme-weather-the-death-toll-in-europe-caused-by-flooding-has-risen-to-at-least-74-with-58-deaths-in-russia-3-in-germany-3-in-austria.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Plzen, extreme weather_
4. [ Extreme weather: Dozens are killed by floods caused by torrential rains in Europe, including the Malse and Blanice rivers of the Czech Republic, the Black Sea resort village of Shirokaya Balka near Novorossiisk in Russia, and Romania. The downpours have also caused extensive damage in Austria, Bulgaria, Croatia, Italy, and Spain.](/news/2002/08/9/extreme-weather-dozens-are-killed-by-floods-caused-by-torrential-rains-in-europe-including-the-mala-e-and-blanice-rivers-of-the-czech-rep.md) _Context: Czech Republic, extreme weather_
5. [Gun laws in the Czech Republic: The Chamber of Deputies of the Czech Republic passes a Czech Social Democratic Party-proposed amendment to the constitution, giving citizens the right to acquire, possess and carry firearms for the purpose of security. The constitutional amendment will now go to the Senate, where it is expected to pass. ](/news/2017/06/29/gun-laws-in-the-czech-republic-the-chamber-of-deputies-of-the-czech-republic-passes-a-czech-social-democratic-party-proposed-amendment-to-t.md) _Context: Czech Republic_
6. [ Czech Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka has announced that he will submit his government's resignation because of a disagreement with Finance Minister Andrej Babis. ](/news/2017/05/2/czech-prime-minister-bohuslav-sobotka-has-announced-that-he-will-submit-his-government-s-resignation-because-of-a-disagreement-with-finance.md) _Context: Czech Republic_
7. [Czech police announce the arrest of a man at a Prague hotel two weeks ago who they claim is a Russian hacker suspected of targeting the U.S. ](/news/2016/10/19/czech-police-announce-the-arrest-of-a-man-at-a-prague-hotel-two-weeks-ago-who-they-claim-is-a-russian-hacker-suspected-of-targeting-the-u-s.md) _Context: Czech Republic_
8. [2016 Bilderberg Conference: The 64th annual conference of the secretive Bilderberg Group takes place at the Taschenbergpalais hotel in Dresden, Germany. ](/news/2016/06/9/2016-bilderberg-conference-the-64th-annual-conference-of-the-secretive-bilderberg-group-takes-place-at-the-taschenbergpalais-hotel-in-dresd.md) _Context: Dresden_
9. [ Six people are hurt as an unknown assailant fires shots at a Czech tourist bus on the A7 autoroute near Saulce-sur-Rhone in southeastern France. ](/news/2016/06/5/six-people-are-hurt-as-an-unknown-assailant-fires-shots-at-a-czech-tourist-bus-on-the-a7-autoroute-near-saulce-sur-rha-ne-in-southeastern-f.md) _Context: Czech Republic_
10. [European migrant crisis: Czech Minister of the Interior Milan Chovanec says that authorities in Prague will send a group of 25 Iraqi Christians back to Iraq after they tried to move to Germany rather than staying in the Czech Republic. The refugees were on their way to Germany via bus before being stopped at the border. Czech authorities agreed to a request by the German police to take the people back. Chovanec said the 25 Iraqis abused Czech generosity and should go back to Iraq within seven days. ](/news/2016/04/3/european-migrant-crisis-czech-minister-of-the-interior-milan-chovanec-says-that-authorities-in-prague-will-send-a-group-of-25-iraqi-christi.md) _Context: Czech Republic_
