### [2002-08-14](/news/2002/08/14/index.md)

#  The United States Food and Drug Administration orders a recall of all soft tissues processed since October 3 by CryoLife, the largest supplier of implant tissue in the United States, after 27 cases of serious infection, including one death in November. 




### Related:

1. [The U.S. FDA approves Tesaro's ovarian cancer drug, Niraparib. ](/news/2017/03/27/the-u-s-fda-approves-tesaro-s-ovarian-cancer-drug-niraparib.md) _Context: FDA_
2. [The United States Food and Drug Administration announces it has relaxed its official requirements regarding the use of the abortion drug Mifeprex (RU-486).  The current guidelines were based on 1990s medical evidence.  Changes include  reducing the number of physician visits required by abortion-seeking women, reducing drug dosage, and allowing women to take the drug for three weeks longer -- now a total of 70 days. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-announces-it-has-relaxed-its-official-requirements-regarding-the-use-of-the-abortion-drug-mif.md) _Context: FDA_
3. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves marketing of a cooling cap system to reduce hair loss  in female breast cancer patients during  chemotherapy. The DigniCap scalp cooling system, a  product  first available in Sweden in the 1990s, produces near-freezing temperatures that make it harder for cancer-fighting drugs to reach and harm hair follicles. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-marketing-of-a-cooling-cap-system-to-reduce-hair-loss-in-female-breast-cancer-patie.md) _Context: FDA_
4. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood.  ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: FDA_
5. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves the Merck & Co. drug, Bridion, that reverses the effects of muscle relaxants used during surgery. ](/news/2015/12/15/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-the-merck-co-drug-bridion-that-reverses-the-effects-of-muscle-relaxants-used-du.md) _Context: FDA_
6. [The U.S. Food and Drug Administration  approves a new, all-in-one pill to treat HIV patients that includes a new version of the drug tenofovir, which researchers think will help reduce side effects from the multi-drug regimens used for HIV. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-u-s-food-and-drug-administration-approves-a-new-all-in-one-pill-to-treat-hiv-patients-that-includes-a-new-version-of-the-drug-tenofov.md) _Context: FDA_
7. [The American Medical Association urges Congress and/or the FDA to ban direct-to-consumer advertising of prescription drugs and medical devices. The AMA says that the ads increase demand for inappropriate, expensive treatments even if cheaper ones have the same potentials. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-american-medical-association-urges-congress-and-or-the-fda-to-ban-direct-to-consumer-advertising-of-prescription-drugs-and-medical-devic.md) _Context: FDA_
8. [The U.S. Food and Drug Administration orders R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company to stop further U.S. sale and distribution of four cigarette products because they may be more dangerous than similar older cigarettes. ](/news/2015/09/15/the-u-s-food-and-drug-administration-orders-r-j-reynolds-tobacco-company-to-stop-further-u-s-sale-and-distribution-of-four-cigarette-pro.md) _Context: FDA_
9. [The US Food and Drug Administration approves the use of Flibanserin to help women with Hypoactive Sexual Desire Disorder. ](/news/2015/08/18/the-us-food-and-drug-administration-approves-the-use-of-flibanserin-to-help-women-with-hypoactive-sexual-desire-disorder.md) _Context: FDA_
10. [ Panel of advisors to the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) recommends approval of flibanserin by 18-6 to improve a woman's libido. ](/news/2015/06/4/panel-of-advisors-to-the-us-food-and-drug-administration-fda-recommends-approval-of-flibanserin-by-18a6-to-improve-a-woman-s-libido.md) _Context: FDA_
