### [2003-08-8](/news/2003/08/8/index.md)

#  It is reported that the Canadian Grand Prix is dropped from the 2004 Formula One calendar as a result of its anti-tobacco laws. The Montreal race was given a grace of seven years before the introduction of the new law, announced in 1997. This comes a week after it was announced that the Belgian GP will be re-introduced in the 2004 season. However, Formula One director general Bernie Ecclestone says that no such decision has been made.




### Related:

1. [A fire forces the evacuation of more than 22,000 concertgoers at the Tomorrowland music festival at the Parc de Can Zam in Barcelona, Spain. There were no serious injuries. This is the first time the festival has been held in Spain; Belgium had been the home since 2005. ](/news/2017/07/29/a-fire-forces-the-evacuation-of-more-than-22-000-concertgoers-at-the-tomorrowland-music-festival-at-the-parc-de-can-zam-in-barcelona-spain.md) _Context: Belgium_
2. [A Belgian court condemns a United Arab Emirates princess and her seven daughters to a fine and a suspended sentence, for human trafficking and mistreatment of their servants at a Brussels luxury hotel in 2008. ](/news/2017/06/23/a-belgian-court-condemns-a-united-arab-emirates-princess-and-her-seven-daughters-to-a-fine-and-a-suspended-sentence-for-human-trafficking-a.md) _Context: Belgium_
3. [A state of emergency is declared in Montreal, Canada as 1,200 Canadian Forces personnel are deployed in the province of Quebec to help with rising floodwaters. 146 communities are affected and more than 1,500 residents have been evacuated from their homes. ](/news/2017/05/7/a-state-of-emergency-is-declared-in-montreal-canada-as-1-200-canadian-forces-personnel-are-deployed-in-the-province-of-quebec-to-help-with.md) _Context: Montreal_
4. [Workers' Party of Belgium representative Raoul Hedebouw gets stabbed in the thigh, moments before holding a speech in Liege, Belgium. The presumed assailant is arrested. ](/news/2017/05/1/workers-party-of-belgium-representative-raoul-hedebouw-gets-stabbed-in-the-thigh-moments-before-holding-a-speech-in-lia-ge-belgium-the-p.md) _Context: Belgium_
5. [The Democratic Republic of the Congo suspends its military cooperation with Belgium. ](/news/2017/04/13/the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-suspends-its-military-cooperation-with-belgium.md) _Context: Belgium_
6. [A power outage plunges the Belgian capital of Brussels into darkness. ](/news/2017/02/9/a-power-outage-plunges-the-belgian-capital-of-brussels-into-darkness.md) _Context: Belgium_
7. [One person is killed and 20 are injured when a passenger train derails near Leuven, Belgium. ](/news/2017/02/18/one-person-is-killed-and-20-are-injured-when-a-passenger-train-derails-near-leuven-belgium.md) _Context: Belgium_
8. [Belgium supports a plan by Dutch minister Lilianne Ploumen to launch a fund compensating worldwide for the United States' newly-reinstated Mexico City policy. ](/news/2017/01/25/belgium-supports-a-plan-by-dutch-minister-lilianne-ploumen-to-launch-a-fund-compensating-worldwide-for-the-united-states-newly-reinstated-m.md) _Context: Belgium_
9. [Belgian politicians, including those from the dissident Wallonia region, agree on Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement language that addresses Walloon concerns. This ends the deadlock on CETA, though the revised text must again be approved by the other 27 EU member states. ](/news/2016/10/27/belgian-politicians-including-those-from-the-dissident-wallonia-region-agree-on-comprehensive-economic-and-trade-agreement-language-that-a.md) _Context: Belgium_
10. [British American Tobacco offers to buy out U.S. cigarette maker Reynolds American Inc in a $47 billion takeover that would create the world's biggest listed tobacco company. ](/news/2016/10/21/british-american-tobacco-offers-to-buy-out-u-s-cigarette-maker-reynolds-american-inc-in-a-47-billion-takeover-that-would-create-the-world.md) _Context: tobacco_
