### [2003-08-8](/news/2003/08/8/index.md)

#  SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit: IBM furnishes more information on their SCO countersuit and states that they have Novell support.




### Related:

1. [ SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit: Novell enters the lawsuit between the SCO Group and IBM with a press release concerning the SCO Group's ownership of UNIX. "To Novell's knowledge, the 1995 agreement governing SCO's purchase of UNIX from Novell does not convey to SCO the associated copyrights," a letter to the SCO Group's CEO Darl McBride said in part. "We believe it unlikely that SCO can demonstrate that it has any ownership interest whatsoever in those copyrights. Apparently you share this view, since over the last few months you have repeatedly asked Novell to transfer the copyrights to SCO, requests that Novell has rejected."](/news/2003/05/27/sco-v-ibm-linux-lawsuit-novell-enters-the-lawsuit-between-the-sco-group-and-ibm-with-a-press-release-concerning-the-sco-group-s-ownership.md) _Context: Novell, SCO Group, SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit_
2. [ Novell wins the rights to the copyrights for Unix from the SCO Group in SCO v. Novell decided in the United States District Court in Utah. ](/news/2007/08/10/novell-wins-the-rights-to-the-copyrights-for-unix-from-the-sco-group-in-sco-v-novell-decided-in-the-united-states-district-court-in-utah.md) _Context: Novell, SCO Group_
3. [ "SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit:" Reuters have reported that Red Hat intends to start legal action against SCO to establish that SCO's claims against the Linux operating system are invalid.](/news/2003/08/4/sco-v-ibm-linux-lawsuit-reuters-have-reported-that-red-hat-intends-to-start-legal-action-against-sco-to-establish-that-sco-s-claims-aga.md) _Context: SCO Group, SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit_
4. [ "SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit:" SCO Group announces that it intends to sell binary-only licences to use the free Linux operating system which will remove the threat of litigation from licence-holders. Linux advocates react by stating that SCO has no basis for this action, and that doing this may cause SCO to forfeit their rights under the GNU GPL to use or distribute Linux or Linux-derived code in any form. ](/news/2003/07/21/sco-v-ibm-linux-lawsuit-sco-group-announces-that-it-intends-to-sell-binary-only-licences-to-use-the-free-linux-operating-system-which-w.md) _Context: SCO Group, SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit_
5. [IBM allows the public to access a five-qubit quantum computer its researchers have developed in Yorktown Heights, New York. ](/news/2016/05/4/ibm-allows-the-public-to-access-a-five-qubit-quantum-computer-its-researchers-have-developed-in-yorktown-heights-new-york.md) _Context: IBM_
6. [IBM agrees to buy cloud computing firm SoftLayer Technologies for US$2 billion. ](/news/2013/06/4/ibm-agrees-to-buy-cloud-computing-firm-softlayer-technologies-for-us-2-billion.md) _Context: IBM_
7. [In San Jose, California, IBM researchers release "A Boy and His Atom", the smallest movie ever made, which was created by manipulating individual carbon monoxide molecules with a scanning tunneling microscope. ](/news/2013/05/1/in-san-jose-california-ibm-researchers-release-a-boy-and-his-atom-the-smallest-movie-ever-made-which-was-created-by-manipulating-indiv.md) _Context: IBM_
8. [IBM issues a $1 billion two year corporate bond deal at a negative spread to Libor (the London Interbank Offered Rate). ](/news/2013/02/5/ibm-issues-a-1-billion-two-year-corporate-bond-deal-at-a-negative-spread-to-libor-the-london-interbank-offered-rate.md) _Context: IBM_
9. [IBM sells a "most powerful and advanced" server. ](/news/2012/08/28/ibm-sells-a-most-powerful-and-advanced-server.md) _Context: IBM_
10. [IBM's Watson artificial intelligence program wins on the U.S. quiz show "Jeopardy!", defeating Brad Rutter and Ken Jennings, the series' most successful contestants. [http://www.pcmag.com/article2/0,2817,2380489,00.asp?kc=PCRSS03069TX1K0001121 (PC Mag)] "Watson" used Wikipedia, among other sources, as its knowledge base "[http://www.vancouversun.com/entertainment/Watson+computer+Ottawa+roots/4290481/story.html (The Vancouver Sun)]" "[http://www.npr.org/2011/02/11/133686004/IBM-Computer-Faces-Off-Against-Jeopardy-Champs (NPR)]" "[http://www.ibm.com/ibm100/us/en/icons/watson/ (IBM)]"](/news/2011/02/16/ibm-s-watson-artificial-intelligence-program-wins-on-the-u-s-quiz-show-jeopardy-defeating-brad-rutter-and-ken-jennings-the-series-mos.md) _Context: IBM_
