
Formats: [HTML](/news/2005/12/27/the-serial-rape-suspect-accused-of-terrorizing-two-south-florida-neighborhoods-with-attacks-on-victims-ranging-from-elderly-women-to-an-11.html)  [JSON](/news/2005/12/27/the-serial-rape-suspect-accused-of-terrorizing-two-south-florida-neighborhoods-with-attacks-on-victims-ranging-from-elderly-women-to-an-11.json)  [XML](/news/2005/12/27/the-serial-rape-suspect-accused-of-terrorizing-two-south-florida-neighborhoods-with-attacks-on-victims-ranging-from-elderly-women-to-an-11.xml)  

### [2005-12-27](/news/2005/12/27/index.md)

##### the state
#  The serial rape suspect accused of terrorizing two South Florida neighborhoods with attacks on victims ranging from elderly women to an 11-year-old girl was back in custody Tuesday, a week since his brazen jail escape, after a tipster recognized his face and called police. [https:--news.yahoo.com-s-ap-20051227-ap_on_re_us-inmate_escape (AP via Yahoo! News)] (Link dead as of 21:18, 14 January 2007 (UTC))




### Related:

1. [Two bills are unanimously approved by the Florida House and Senate Committees that propose moving the state permanently to Daylight Saving Time (UTC[?]04:00), and shifting most of the Panhandle west of a line from eastern Jackson County to northern Gulf County - which currently lies within the southern boundary of the Central Time Zone (UTC[?]05:00) - to the Eastern Time Zone, in alignment with the remainder of Florida's 67 counties. If passed by the state legislature, any changes would need to be approved by the Department of Transportation and Congress. ](/news/2018/01/25/two-bills-are-unanimously-approved-by-the-florida-house-and-senate-committees-that-propose-moving-the-state-permanently-to-daylight-saving-t.md) _Context: the state_
2. [A mistrial is declared in the 10-week corruption trial of U.S. Senator Bob Menendez (D-NJ) who was accused of accepting private flights, campaign contributions, etc., from Florida ophthalmologist Salomon Melgen in exchange for official favors. A juror told the media the panel was split 10-2 in favor of acquittal. ](/news/2017/11/16/a-mistrial-is-declared-in-the-10-week-corruption-trial-of-u-s-senator-bob-menendez-d-nj-who-was-accused-of-accepting-private-flights-cam.md) _Context: the state_
3. [Police in Florida link a fourth unsolved murder to an unknown serial killer targeting the Seminole Heights area of Tampa, Florida. ](/news/2017/11/14/police-in-florida-link-a-fourth-unsolved-murder-to-an-unknown-serial-killer-targeting-the-seminole-heights-area-of-tampa-florida.md) _Context: the state_
4. [SpaceX launches a Falcon 9 Full Thrust rocket at Cape Canaveral, Florida, to supersynchronous orbit an Airbus-built communications satellite SES-11 for Luxembourg-based SES, and EchoStar 105 for U.S.-headquartered EchoStar. It's the third time when a Falcon 9 first stage is re-used. ](/news/2017/10/11/spacex-launches-a-falcon-9-full-thrust-rocket-at-cape-canaveral-florida-to-supersynchronous-orbit-an-airbus-built-communications-satellite.md) _Context: the state_
5. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km-h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-km-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: the state_
