### [2016-03-25](/news/2016/03/25/index.md)

# A United States federal district judge rules unconstitutional a provision in an Alabama state law that requires doctors who perform abortions to have admitting privileges at a local hospital. A Florida law enacted today contains a comparable provision to Alabama's. The U.S. Supreme Court heard arguments a few weeks ago on the constitutionality of similar abortion restrictions in Texas. 

A federal judge on Friday struck down an Alabama law that required abortion providers to have admitting privileges at a local hospital.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''Bristol Herald Courier](http://www.heraldcourier.com/news/judge-rules-state-abortion-restriction-unconstitutional/article_ae9f3c15-ae31-5a0a-babd-9e6701f31bae.html)
2. [Alabama Media Group](http://www.al.com/news/index.ssf/2016/03/judge_strips_admitting_privile.html)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-alabama-abortion-idUSKCN0WR1IL)

### Related:

1. [London-based BP agrees, pending court approval, to pay $US18.7 billion to compensate the United States government and the five Gulf Coast states--Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas--for damages stemming from the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill. The settlement includes a civil penalty of $US5.5 billion under the Clean Water Act. ](/news/2015/07/2/london-based-bp-agrees-pending-court-approval-to-pay-us18-7-billion-to-compensate-the-united-states-government-and-the-five-gulf-coast-st.md) _Context: Alabama, Florida, Texas_
2. [Texas confirms its first case of locally transmitted Zika virus by mosquitoes, becoming the second U.S. state to report a local transmission of the virus after Florida. The Texas Department of State Health Services says the case involves a woman living in Cameron County, who is not pregnant. ](/news/2016/11/28/texas-confirms-its-first-case-of-locally-transmitted-zika-virus-by-mosquitoes-becoming-the-second-u-s-state-to-report-a-local-transmission.md) _Context: Florida, Texas_
3. [The Supreme Court of the United States strikes down a law that would have required abortion clinics in Texas to upgrade in order to meet new "hospital-like" standards. Supporters of abortion rights said that the proposed law would force nearly all abortion clinics in the state to shut down, while their opponents argued for women's health benefits. ](/news/2016/06/27/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-strikes-down-a-law-that-would-have-required-abortion-clinics-in-texas-to-upgrade-in-order-to-meet-new.md) _Context: Texas, United States Supreme Court_
4. [Voters in the U.S. states of Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, and the overseas territory of American Samoa go to the polls to vote on Super Tuesday. ](/news/2016/03/1/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-alabama-alaska-arkansas-colorado-georgia-massachusetts-minnesota-oklahoma-tennessee-texas-vermont-vi.md) _Context: Alabama, Texas_
5. [The death toll in the spring-like, tornado-laden storms that began Wednesday in the American South has risen to 18 with additional tornadoes hitting north-central Alabama Friday and one outside of Dallas, Texas, today. ](/news/2015/12/26/the-death-toll-in-the-spring-like-tornado-laden-storms-that-began-wednesday-in-the-american-south-has-risen-to-18-with-additional-tornadoes.md) _Context: Alabama, Texas_
6. [With the death of an 18-year-old killer whale at its San Antonio, Texas facility and the recent malfunction of the Sky Tower ride at its park in Orlando, Florida, SeaWorld's problems in the wake of recent earning shortfalls, decline in attendance, and drop the values of its shares. In response, the company plans new pricing and attractions. ](/news/2015/12/25/with-the-death-of-an-18-year-old-killer-whale-at-its-san-antonio-texas-facility-and-the-recent-malfunction-of-the-sky-tower-ride-at-its-par.md) _Context: Florida, Texas_
7. [The U.S. Supreme Court rejected a request from Texas and other states for a 30-day extension to file legal briefs in support of the lawsuit to block the immigration plan. Instead, the justices accepted the Justice Department's request for a shortened eight-day extension, meaning that if the court decides to take the case, a decision would probably come by late June. The court is not expected to decide until January whether to take the case. ](/news/2015/12/1/the-u-s-supreme-court-rejected-a-request-from-texas-and-other-states-for-a-30-day-extension-to-file-legal-briefs-in-support-of-the-lawsuit.md) _Context: Texas, United States Supreme Court_
8. [A moderate severe weather outbreak pounds several southern U.S. states on Christmas Day, including Texas, Alabama, Mississippi and Louisiana. More than 30 tornadoes are reported as the storms leave at least six people dead. The system is expected to move northeast and affect the East Coast with high winds and heavy snowfall. ](/news/2012/12/26/a-moderate-severe-weather-outbreak-pounds-several-southern-u-s-states-on-christmas-day-including-texas-alabama-mississippi-and-louisiana.md) _Context: Alabama, Texas_
9. [The United States National Hurricane Center issues hurricane warnings for the states of Florida, Alabama, Mississippi and Louisiana. A state of emergency is in effect in these four areas. ](/news/2012/08/26/the-united-states-national-hurricane-center-issues-hurricane-warnings-for-the-states-of-florida-alabama-mississippi-and-louisiana-a-state.md) _Context: Alabama, Florida_
10. [The Supreme Court of the United States halts the execution of Duane Buck for double murder in Texas while it reviews his case that the sentence was unfair because of a question asked about race during his trial. ](/news/2011/09/15/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-halts-the-execution-of-duane-buck-for-double-murder-in-texas-while-it-reviews-his-case-that-the-sente.md) _Context: Texas, United States Supreme Court_
