### [2016-03-25](/news/2016/03/25/index.md)

# Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Iskandariya suicide bombing. At least 30 people are killed in a suicide attack on a football stadium south of Baghdad, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for attack. 

In the latest terror attack linked to the Islamic State, at least 29 people were killed when a suicide bomber attacked a football stadium south of Baghdad Friday, Iraqi security officials told The Associated Press.


### Source:

1. [FOX News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2016/03/25/suicide-blast-kills-29-at-iraq-football-stadium-isis-claims-responsibility.html)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). A suicide bomber kills at least 60 people and wounds 70 others after ramming his explosives-laden truck into a security checkpoint at one of the entrances to the Iraqi city of Hillah, south of Baghdad. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/03/6/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-60-people-and-wounds-70-others-after-ramming-his-explosives-laden-truck-in.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
2. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). At least 51 people are reportedly killed in an attack on a shopping centre in Iraq's capital, Baghdad, and a car bombing outside an illegal casino in Miqdadiyah, east of Baghdad, with the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claiming responsibility for both attacks. ](/news/2016/01/11/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-51-people-are-reportedly-killed-in-an-attack-on-a-shopping-centre-in-iraq-s-capital-baghdad-and.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). The Government of Iraq calls on Turkey to withdraw its troops from northern Iraq, near the Islamic State-controlled city of Mosul. Iraq's Foreign Ministry said Turkish forces had entered Iraqi territory without the knowledge of the central government in Baghdad. ](/news/2015/12/5/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-government-of-iraq-calls-on-turkey-to-withdraw-its-troops-from-northern-iraq-near-the-islamic-state-c.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). The pro-government Popular Mobilization Forces militia takes control of the mostly destroyed ancient city of Hatra in Iraq's Nineveh Governorate, following clashes with ISIL, who seized the ruins in 2014. ](/news/2017/04/26/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-pro-government-popular-mobilization-forces-militia-takes-control-of-the-mostly-destroyed-ancient-city.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). A car bomb explodes in a Shi'ite neighbourhood in Baghdad, killing at least 48 people. ISIL claimed responsibility for the bombing. ](/news/2017/02/16/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-car-bomb-explodes-in-a-shi-ite-neighbourhood-in-baghdad-killing-at-least-48-people-isil-claimed-respon.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). November 2016 Hillah suicide truck bombing. At least 80 Shia pilgrims are killed in a truck bomb attack in Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/24/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-november-2016-hillah-suicide-truck-bombing-at-least-80-shia-pilgrims-are-killed-in-a-truck-bomb-attack-in.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). 2016 October Baghdad attacks. Attacks targeting a Shi'ite Muslim gathering, a police check-point, and the family of an anti-Islamic State Sunni paramilitary leader, kill at least 55 people in Iraq. ](/news/2016/10/15/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-2016-october-baghdad-attacks-attacks-targeting-a-shi-ite-muslim-gathering-a-police-check-point-and-the.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Islamic State militants attack two gas facilities northwest of Kirkuk in northern Iraq, killing at least five people and wounding six policemen. Three assailants detonated their explosive vests and a fourth was killed in clash with security forces. ](/news/2016/07/31/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-islamic-state-militants-attack-two-gas-facilities-northwest-of-kirkuk-in-northern-iraq-killing-at-least-f.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [Iraqi civil war (2014-present). Ar-Rutbah offensive (2016). Iraqi Army forces helped by U.S. airstrikes recapture the southwestern city of Ar-Rutbah from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant group. The victory will allow for the re-opening of the Baghdad-Amman highway. ](/news/2016/05/20/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-ar-rutbah-offensive-2016-iraqi-army-forces-helped-by-u-s-airstrikes-recapture-the-southwestern-city-of.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [ Iraqi civil war (2014-present). At least three civilians are killed and 10 others wounded in a bomb attack in Baghdad, Iraq. ](/news/2016/05/19/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-three-civilians-are-killed-and-10-others-wounded-in-a-bomb-attack-in-baghdad-iraq.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
