### [2016-03-25](/news/2016/03/25/index.md)

# Japan-Russia relations: NATO-Russia relations: Russia announces it will deploy state-of-the art missile defense systems to the far eastern Kuril Islands where they and Japan have rival territorial claims dating to the end of the Second World War. Russian Defence Minister Sergey Shoygu also says that Russia will form new defence units in the country's Western Military District in response to NATO's recent deployment of forces to member states near its border. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/content/russia-new-weapons-west-pacific/27635405.html)

### Related:

1. [Kuril Islands dispute: Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu announces Russia plans to build a new military base on the Kuril Islands, a group of Pacific islands it seized from Japan at the end of World War II. ](/news/2015/10/22/kuril-islands-dispute-russian-defence-minister-sergei-shoigu-announces-russia-plans-to-build-a-new-military-base-on-the-kuril-islands-a-gr.md) _Context: Japan, Kuril Islands, Russia, World War II, rival territorial claims_
2. [Kuril Islands dispute: Russia is reportedly constructing hundreds of buildings for military use on the disputed Kunashir and Iturup islands, also claimed by Japan, in the Sea of Okhotsk. The Russian Defence Ministry said the new military buildings would help -raise the combat readiness of troops on the eastern frontiers of Russia". ](/news/2015/12/2/kuril-islands-dispute-russia-is-reportedly-constructing-hundreds-of-buildings-for-military-use-on-the-disputed-kunashir-and-iturup-islands.md) _Context: Japan, Ministry of Defence, Russia, rival territorial claims_
3. [Disputed islands:: The President of Russia Dmitry Medvedev visits Kunashiri, one of the southern Kuril Islands that are the subject of the Kuril Islands dispute between Russia and Japan. ](/news/2010/11/1/disputed-islands-the-president-of-russia-dmitry-medvedev-visits-kunashiri-one-of-the-southern-kuril-islands-that-are-the-subject-of-the-k.md) _Context: Japan, Kuril Islands, Russia, rival territorial claims_
4. [NATO-Russia relations: Russia deploys its S-400 missile system in Kaliningrad, an exclave between Poland and Lithuania, in response to "NATO expansion" near its borders. The United States criticizes the move as "destabilizing" to Europe. Russia announced the planned deployment over a decade ago. ](/news/2016/11/21/nato-russia-relations-russia-deploys-its-s-400-missile-system-in-kaliningrad-an-exclave-between-poland-and-lithuania-in-response-to-na.md) _Context: NATO, NATO-Russia relations, Russia_
5. [NATO-Russia relations: Russia withdraws a request to refuel three of its warships, including the flagship of the Russian Navy, "Admiral Kuznetsov", en route to Syria, at the Spanish port of Ceuta following NATO pressure on the Spanish government to not allow the warships to dock. ](/news/2016/10/26/nato-russia-relations-russia-withdraws-a-request-to-refuel-three-of-its-warships-including-the-flagship-of-the-russian-navy-admiral-ku.md) _Context: NATO, NATO-Russia relations, Russia_
6. [Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shoygu dismisses 50 high-ranking Navy officers, including Baltic Fleet Commander Viktor Kravchuk and Chief of Staff Sergei Popov, following a month-long inspection that found incompetence, deficiencies in training, and misinformation regarding the state of the fleet. ](/news/2016/06/30/russian-defense-minister-sergey-shoygu-dismisses-50-high-ranking-navy-officers-including-baltic-fleet-commander-viktor-kravchuk-and-chief-o.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence, Russia, Sergey Shoygu_
7. [NATO-Russia relations: NATO announces it will hold a meeting of the NATO-Russia Council at the ambassadorial level at NATO headquarters in Brussels in the next two weeks after a two-year break since NATO cut all practical cooperation with Russia in 2014. ](/news/2016/04/8/nato-russia-relations-nato-announces-it-will-hold-a-meeting-of-the-nato-russia-council-at-the-ambassadorial-level-at-nato-headquarters.md) _Context: NATO, NATO-Russia relations, Russia_
8. [NATO-Russia relations: NATO reopens informal talks with Russia for the first time in nearly two years. According to the Secretary General of NATO Jens Stoltenberg "NATO and Russia have profound and persistent disagreements, today-s meeting did not change that." ](/news/2016/04/20/nato-russia-relations-nato-reopens-informal-talks-with-russia-for-the-first-time-in-nearly-two-years-according-to-the-secretary-general.md) _Context: NATO, NATO-Russia relations, Russia_
9. [Poland-Russia relations: NATO-Russia relations: Polish Foreign Minister Witold Waszczykowski, during a visit to Slovakia for talks on the future of NATO, says Russia is more dangerous than the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). -By all evidence, Russia-s activity is a sort of existential threat because this activity can destroy countries,- Waszczykowski told reporters in Bratislava. He described ISIL as a very serious threat but said -it is not an existential threat for Europe-. ](/news/2016/04/15/poland-russia-relations-nato-russia-relations-polish-foreign-minister-witold-waszczykowski-during-a-visit-to-slovakia-for-talks-on-th.md) _Context: NATO, NATO-Russia relations, Russia_
10. [Russian military intervention: For the first time, Russia strikes Islamic State targets in northern Syria with 3M-54 Klub (Kalibr) cruise missiles launched from a Kilo-class submarine in the Mediterranean, according to the Russian Minister of Defence, Sergey Shoygu. ](/news/2015/12/8/russian-military-intervention-for-the-first-time-russia-strikes-islamic-state-targets-in-northern-syria-with-3m-54-klub-kalibr-cruise-mi.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence, Russia, Sergey Shoygu_
