### [2016-03-25](/news/2016/03/25/index.md)

# Netflix acknowledges it's been slowing its video transmission on wireless mobile carriers around the world, including Verizon and AT&T, for five years to "protect consumers from exceeding mobile data caps." Last week, these carriers were accused of this. The company told ''The Wall Street Journal'' that T-Mobile or Sprint users weren't affected because, "historically those two companies have had more consumer-friendly policies." In May, Netflix plans to shift some of that control to viewers themselves. 

T-Mobile and Sprint are exempt, because they&#39;re less likely to hit their subscribers up for more money when they exceed their monthly data plans.


### Source:

1. [PC Magazine](http://www.pcmag.com/news/343220/netflix-throttling-video-streams-for-most-mobile-users)
2. [C|net](http://www.cnet.com/news/netflix-admits-throttling-video-speeds-on-at-t-verizon/)

### Related:

1. [The Trump White House bars ''The New York Times'', CNN, the ''Los Angeles Times'', the ''New York Daily News'', ''The Hill'',  the ''Daily Mail'',  BBC,  Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as  Breitbart News, One America News Network, and ''The Washington Times''. Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News,  ''The Wall Street Journal'', Bloomberg News, and Fox News. ''Time'' magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to  in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-m.md) _Context: The Wall Street Journal_
2. [ A judge orders the release of Brendan Dassey, the subject of the Netflix series ''Making a Murderer''. Wisconsin's Attorney General announces he intends to file an emergency appeal. ](/news/2016/11/14/a-judge-orders-the-release-of-brendan-dassey-the-subject-of-the-netflix-series-making-a-murderer-wisconsin-s-attorney-general-announc.md) _Context: Netflix_
3. [A series of cyberattacks utilizing distributed denial-of-service attacks, targeting networks operated by DNS provider Dyn, makes major Internet platforms and services unavailable to large swaths of users in Europe and North America. Affected companies include Amazon, Twitter, Spotify, Reddit, PayPal, Netflix, and Airbnb. ](/news/2016/10/21/a-series-of-cyberattacks-utilizing-distributed-denial-of-service-attacks-targeting-networks-operated-by-dns-provider-dyn-makes-major-inter.md) _Context: Netflix_
4. [Brendan Dassey, the subject of Netflix's hit drama ''Making a Murderer'' is found to have been wrongly convicted of murdering the photographer Teresa Halbach. A federal judge orders that he must be released from prison within three months. ](/news/2016/08/12/brendan-dassey-the-subject-of-netflix-s-hit-drama-making-a-murderer-is-found-to-have-been-wrongly-convicted-of-murdering-the-photograph.md) _Context: Netflix_
5. [In American football, Twitter wins the bidding contest over Amazon, Verizon, and others, for streaming rights to 10 of 16 National Football League (NFL) regular season ''Thursday Night Football Games'', ones that will also be telecast by either CBS or NBC. The league streamed one game last year with Yahoo!. Verizon, meanwhile, already owns the mobile rights to all NFL games which are available to subscribers via a mobile app; the 10 NFL games on Twitter will be free. ](/news/2016/04/5/in-american-football-twitter-wins-the-bidding-contest-over-amazon-verizon-and-others-for-streaming-rights-to-10-of-16-national-football.md) _Context: Verizon_
6. [The Armenian-American community responds with outrage after the ''The Wall Street Journal'' publishes an ad denying the Armenian Genocide. ](/news/2016/04/28/the-armenian-american-community-responds-with-outrage-after-the-the-wall-street-journal-publishes-an-ad-denying-the-armenian-genocide.md) _Context: The Wall Street Journal_
7. [U.S. Federal Communications Commissioner Michael O'Rielly says, during a speech at the American Action Forum, that Netflix's admission last week that it has been intentionally slowing its video streaming transmission on some wireless mobile carriers for five years "deeply disturbing" which might warrant an investigation by the Federal Trade Commission and/or Congress. ](/news/2016/03/29/u-s-federal-communications-commissioner-michael-o-rielly-says-during-a-speech-at-the-american-action-forum-that-netflix-s-admission-last.md) _Context: Netflix_
8. [Hackers steal the personal information of about 15 million T-Mobile US customers and applicants. The breach is at a unit of the credit agency Experian. ](/news/2015/10/2/hackers-steal-the-personal-information-of-about-15-million-t-mobile-us-customers-and-applicants-the-breach-is-at-a-unit-of-the-credit-agenc.md) _Context: T-Mobile_
9. [{{Interlanguage link multi|Beijing Gehua CATV Network|zh|3=Ge Hua You Xian }} announces its plan to partnership Alibaba Group, China Film Group Corporation, and the new firm China TV Theaters Operating Co. Ltd. to expand the video streaming service throughout China, which may resemble Netflix and is called Tmall Box Office (TBO). ](/news/2015/06/15/interlanguage-link-multi-beijing-gehua-catv-network-zh-3-aeaaeco-announces-its-plan-to-partnership-alibaba-group-china-film-group.md) _Context: Netflix_
10. [''The Wall Street Journal'' reports that the FBI and SEC have launched an insider trading investigation involving billionaire investor Carl Icahn, Las Vegas gambler and investor Billy Walters, and golf superstar Phil Mickelson. No wrongdoing has yet been alleged. ](/news/2014/05/30/the-wall-street-journal-reports-that-the-fbi-and-sec-have-launched-an-insider-trading-investigation-involving-billionaire-investor-carl.md) _Context: The Wall Street Journal_
