### [2016-03-25](/news/2016/03/25/index.md)

# The Pentagon announces the death of Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant finance minister and deputy leader, Abu Ala al-Afri. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/03/25/politics/isis-no-2-in-command-killed-u-s-believes/)

### Related:

1. [The United States military announces that a key Islamic State leader with ties to the Paris attack terrorists was killed in a coalition airstrike on December 24, 2015.  Charaffe al Mouadan is the  tenth ISIL leader killed by an airstrike since December 7. ](/news/2015/12/29/the-united-states-military-announces-that-a-key-islamic-state-leader-with-ties-to-the-paris-attack-terrorists-was-killed-in-a-coalition-airs.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Military intervention against ISIL, Pentagon_
2. [A U.S. airstrike on a compound in the Libyan port city of Derna is said to have killed Wisam al Zubaidi, also known as Abu Nabil al-Anbari, who commands the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's branch in Libya. A Pentagon official, speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss details of the operation, said the airstrike involved F-15 aircraft and was believed to have killed Zubaidi. He said the attack had been planned for some time. ](/news/2015/11/14/a-u-s-airstrike-on-a-compound-in-the-libyan-port-city-of-derna-is-said-to-have-killed-wisam-al-zubaidi-also-known-as-abu-nabil-al-anbari.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Military intervention against ISIL, Pentagon_
3. [The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria-following-russia-s-threat-that-it-would-treat-any-ai.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Military intervention against ISIL_
4. [An Iraqi airstrike near Al Qaim, Anbar province, Iraq, kills Ayad al-Jumaili, believed to be ISIL's second-in-command. ](/news/2017/04/1/an-iraqi-airstrike-near-al-qaim-anbar-province-iraq-kills-ayad-al-jumaili-believed-to-be-isil-s-second-in-command.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Military intervention against ISIL_
5. [Denmark's government announces it will be withdrawing its seven F-16 fighter jets from military operations against ISIL in Iraq and Syria from mid-December. ](/news/2016/12/2/denmark-s-government-announces-it-will-be-withdrawing-its-seven-f-16-fighter-jets-from-military-operations-against-isil-in-iraq-and-syria-fr.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Military intervention against ISIL_
6. [ A U.S. airstrike in Al-Raqqah, Syria, kills four ISIL leaders, two of which were confirmed to have roles in the November 2015 Paris Attacks. ](/news/2016/12/14/a-u-s-airstrike-in-al-raqqah-syria-kills-four-isil-leaders-two-of-which-were-confirmed-to-have-roles-in-the-november-2015-paris-attacks.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Military intervention against ISIL_
7. [France conducts airstrikes against ISIL positions in Iraq from the French aircraft carrier ''Charles de Gaulle''. ](/news/2016/09/30/france-conducts-airstrikes-against-isil-positions-in-iraq-from-the-french-aircraft-carrier-charles-de-gaulle.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Military intervention against ISIL_
8. [The United Nations reports that ISIL appears to have captured up to 3,000 fleeing Iraqi villagers from Hawija District headed to Kirkuk city. Militants  reportedly executed 12 people. Earlier, the Iraqi Observatory for Human Rights said ISIL is  using people for human shields against attacks by Iraqi security forces. ](/news/2016/08/5/the-united-nations-reports-that-isil-appears-to-have-captured-up-to-3-000-fleeing-iraqi-villagers-from-hawija-district-headed-to-kirkuk-city.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Military intervention against ISIL_
9. [At least 21 are killed and more than 35 people injured in a suicide attack at one of the residential entrances to district Kadhimiyah, in northern Baghdad, Iraq. ISIL claims responsibility, as published in its official media. ](/news/2016/07/24/at-least-21-are-killed-and-more-than-35-people-injured-in-a-suicide-attack-at-one-of-the-residential-entrances-to-district-kadhimiyah-in-no.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Military intervention against ISIL_
10. [According to The Pentagon, two senior ISIL leaders have been killed by a United States-led coalition airstrike in Mosul. ](/news/2016/07/2/according-to-the-pentagon-two-senior-isil-leaders-have-been-killed-by-a-united-states-led-coalition-airstrike-in-mosul.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Military intervention against ISIL_
