### [2016-03-25](/news/2016/03/25/index.md)

# The evacuation order for the 200-person town of Callaway, Minnesota, which was emptied after a  Canadian Pacific train crashed with a propane truck, is lifted. None of the train cars were carrying hazardous materials. 

The town of Callaway, Minnesota, has been evacuated after a train crash involving a semi-tanker carrying propane. 


### Source:

1. [KMSP-TV](http://www.fox9.com/news/113247655-story)
2. [Valley News Live](http://www.valleynewslive.com/home/headlines/Train-crash-with-propane-truck-closes-Highway-59--373392491.html?device=phone&c=y)

### Related:

1. [Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull expresses shock and demands answers after an Australian woman, who called 9-1-1 for help because of a suspected assault near her home, was shot and killed on Saturday by a police officer who had responded in Minneapolis, Minnesota. ](/news/2017/07/19/australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-expresses-shock-and-demands-answers-after-an-australian-woman-who-called-9-1-1-for-help-because.md) _Context: Minnesota_
2. [A second victim of the UCLA shooter is found in Minnesota; the shooter is identified as a former Ph.D. candidate in mechanical engineering that claimed his first victim had "cleverly stolen his code." ](/news/2016/06/2/a-second-victim-of-the-ucla-shooter-is-found-in-minnesota-the-shooter-is-identified-as-a-former-ph-d-candidate-in-mechanical-engineering-t.md) _Context: Minnesota_
3. [Voters in the U.S. states of Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, and the overseas territory of American Samoa go to the polls to vote on Super Tuesday. ](/news/2016/03/1/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-alabama-alaska-arkansas-colorado-georgia-massachusetts-minnesota-oklahoma-tennessee-texas-vermont-vi.md) _Context: Minnesota_
4. [The Maryland  Court of Appeals rules the state's  Public Information Act does not apply to   abortion clinic license applicants' names, denying the Maryland Coalition for Life's appeal which had noted that courts in Illinois, Kansas and Minnesota have ordered these names released. The ruling can not be appealed to federal courts. ](/news/2016/02/22/the-maryland-court-of-appeals-rules-the-state-s-public-information-act-does-not-apply-to-abortion-clinic-license-applicants-names-deny.md) _Context: Minnesota_
5. [Queensland, Australia, authorities revise the estimated amount of sulphuric acid leaked from Sunday's 26-carriage Aurizon freight train derailment near Julia Creek to 31,500 liters. The train was carrying  819,000 liters, not 200,000 liters as originally thought. Flinders Highway remains closed in both directions. ](/news/2015/12/28/queensland-australia-authorities-revise-the-estimated-amount-of-sulphuric-acid-leaked-from-sunday-s-26-carriage-aurizon-freight-train-dera.md) _Context: train cars_
6. [A Canadian Pacific Railway train carrying crude oil derails in Wisconsin; some of the 10 derailed cars are leaking oil. This is the second consecutive day for a freight train crash in the state. Yesterday, a BNSF Railway train wreck spilled thousands of gallons of ethanol. No injuries were reported in either accident. ](/news/2015/11/8/a-canadian-pacific-railway-train-carrying-crude-oil-derails-in-wisconsin-some-of-the-10-derailed-cars-are-leaking-oil-this-is-the-second-c.md) _Context: Canadian Pacific_
7. [The Dalai Lama, following his routine check-up at Minnesota's Mayo Clinic, cancels his U.S. speaking engagements in October after doctors advised him to rest. The 80-year-old Tibetan Buddhist leader is scheduled to return home to Dharamsala, India, Saturday. ](/news/2015/09/30/the-dalai-lama-following-his-routine-check-up-at-minnesota-s-mayo-clinic-cancels-his-u-s-speaking-engagements-in-october-after-doctors-ad.md) _Context: Minnesota_
8. [Prosecutors in the state of Minnesota file criminal charges against the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of St. Paul and Minneapolis for allegedly mishandling sexual abuse allegations by a priest. ](/news/2015/06/5/prosecutors-in-the-state-of-minnesota-file-criminal-charges-against-the-roman-catholic-archdiocese-of-st-paul-and-minneapolis-for-allegedly.md) _Context: Minnesota_
9. [An Amtrak train derails in the Port Richmond neighborhood of the American city of Philadelphia causing cars to roll over. At least 5 people have been killed, 50 people are injured in the derailment.](/news/2015/05/12/an-amtrak-train-derails-in-the-port-richmond-neighborhood-of-the-american-city-of-philadelphia-causing-cars-to-roll-over-at-least-5-people.md) _Context: train cars_
10. [The first winter storm of the season hits the midwestern United States with at least four people dead in Minnesota. ](/news/2014/11/11/the-first-winter-storm-of-the-season-hits-the-midwestern-united-states-with-at-least-four-people-dead-in-minnesota.md) _Context: Minnesota_
