### [2016-03-25](/news/2016/03/25/index.md)

# Twelve Portuguese nationals, who were residents of Fribourg, Switzerland, are killed in a head-on collision between their minibus and a truck, on a highway 300 kilometers (185 miles) south of Paris, France. The only survivor from the bus is the driver; the two Italian occupants of the truck are slightly injured. 




### Source:

1. [Post-Bulletin](http://www.postbulletin.com/news/world/portuguese-killed-in-bus-crash-in-central-france/article_580da7d2-b2d2-5806-b967-3c4b63e8da87.html)

### Related:

1. [Erasmus bus crash: Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/erasmus-bus-crash-thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-fall.md) _Context: France, Italian, Switzerland_
2. [Contributions from Belgium, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland allow the World Bank to cancel $36 million in Haiti's remaining debt following January's devastating earthquake. ](/news/2010/05/28/contributions-from-belgium-canada-finland-france-germany-ireland-italy-japan-the-netherlands-norway-spain-sweden-and-switzerland.md) _Context: France, Italian, Switzerland_
3. [Chantiers de l'Atlantique: France nationalises the STX Europe-owned Chantiers de l'Atlantique shipyard in Saint-Nazaire, Pays de la Loire, to prevent Italian shipbuilding firm Fincantieri taking majority control. Italian Minister of Economy and Finances Pier Carlo Padoan calls the French decision to nationalise the shipyard "grave and incomprehensible". ](/news/2017/07/27/chantiers-de-l-atlantique-france-nationalises-the-stx-europe-owned-chantiers-de-l-atlantique-shipyard-in-saint-nazaire-pays-de-la-loire-t.md) _Context: France, Italian_
4. [June 2017 Champs-Elysees car ramming attack: A car carrying firearms and gas bottles deliberately rammed a police vehicle on the Champs-Elysees in Paris, France, subsequently bursting into flames. The driver, who was on a security watchlist, was shot dead. ](/news/2017/06/19/june-2017-champs-alysa-c-es-car-ramming-attack-a-car-carrying-firearms-and-gas-bottles-deliberately-rammed-a-police-vehicle-on-the-champs-a.md) _Context: France, Paris_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian peace process: A summit begins in Paris, France, to restart peace negotiations between Israel and Palestine in an effort to discuss a possible two-state solution to the conflict. However, neither Israel nor Palestine sent representatives to the summit, casting doubts on a breakthrough. ](/news/2017/01/15/israeli-palestinian-peace-process-a-summit-begins-in-paris-france-to-restart-peace-negotiations-between-israel-and-palestine-in-an-effo.md) _Context: France, Paris_
6. [Paris, France, implements a pollution-reduction program that bans residents from driving cars built before 1997, and motorcycles built before 2000, on weekdays inside the city limits between 8 a.m. and 8 p.m. ](/news/2016/07/1/paris-france-implements-a-pollution-reduction-program-that-bans-residents-from-driving-cars-built-before-1997-and-motorcycles-built-befor.md) _Context: France, Paris_
7. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-b.md) _Context: France, Italian_
8. [June 2016 Magnanville stabbing: A senior French police commander is killed by a knife-wielding 25-year-old man outside his home in Magnanville near Paris, France. The attacker, who retreated inside the house, is also killed when elite police commandos storm the residence after negotiations failed. The commander's partner, a female administrative police official, is found dead inside the home, while a young boy is rescued physically unharmed. The Islamic State, via its Amaq News Agency, claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/06/13/june-2016-magnanville-stabbing-a-senior-french-police-commander-is-killed-by-a-knife-wielding-25-year-old-man-outside-his-home-in-magnanvil.md) _Context: France, Paris_
9. [Erasmus bus crash: A Catalan official says the 13 exchange students killed in Sunday's accident were 19-to-25-year-old women, seven from Italy, two Germans, an Austrian, a woman from France, a Romanian and an Uzbek. Twenty-four people are being treated in hospital with one student in critical condition, and six people, including the driver, in serious condition. Reports from officials indicate the driver lost control of the coach and crashed to the other side before running into an oncoming car. The bus driver, who passed alcohol and drug tests, is being investigated for possible negligent homicide as police seek to determine the cause of the crash. ](/news/2016/03/21/erasmus-bus-crash-a-catalan-official-says-the-13-exchange-students-killed-in-sunday-s-accident-were-19-to-25-year-old-women-seven-from-ita.md) _Context: France, Italian_
10. [The Vatican is replacing Italian Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano, the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S., with French-born Archbishop Christophe Pierre, currently the Apostolic Nuncio to Mexico. Vigano, who is 75, the statutory retirement age, in 2015 arranged the unexpected meeting between Pope Francis and controversial Kentucky clerk Kim Davis, who refused to follow her state's law on same-sex marriage. ](/news/2016/03/17/the-vatican-is-replacing-italian-archbishop-carlo-maria-vigana2-the-apostolic-nuncio-to-the-u-s-with-french-born-archbishop-christophe-pi.md) _Context: France, Italian_
