### [2015-12-10](/news/2015/12/10/index.md)

# A United States Treasury official says ISIL has made over $500 million selling oil to Syrian President Bashar Assad's government, and has also sold oil to Turkey. 

Adam Szubin, a senior U.S. Treasury official, said Thursday that ISIS also looted between $500 million and $1 billion from bank vaults captured in Iraq and Syria.


### Source:

1. [International Business Times](http://www.ibtimes.com/isis-sells-oil-syrias-assad-regime-some-turkey-us-official-says-2221300)
2. [Reuters via CNBC](http://www.cnbc.com/2015/12/10/islamic-state-oil-is-going-to-assad-some-to-turkey-us-official-says.html)

### Related:

1. [At least 47 ISIL militants have been killed by Turkish and U.S.-led bombing raids by fighter jets on the town of al-Bab in the last 24 hours, with the Turkish Armed Forces attacking 135 other ISIL targets in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/3/at-least-47-isil-militants-have-been-killed-by-turkish-and-u-s-led-bombing-raids-by-fighter-jets-on-the-town-of-al-bab-in-the-last-24-hours.md) _Context: ISIS, Turkey, U.S._
2. [ The U.S. deploys around a dozen A-10 ground-attack planes to Turkey's southern Incirlik Air Base. A U.S. military official said the deployment had "added capability" to the coalition's efforts against ISIL in Iraq and Syria. ](/news/2015/10/20/the-u-s-deploys-around-a-dozen-a-10-ground-attack-planes-to-turkey-s-southern-incirlik-air-base-a-u-s-military-official-said-the-deploym.md) _Context: ISIS, Turkey, U.S._
3. [The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) take control of the Baath Dam on the Euphrates, near the ISIL stronghold of Raqqa, and upon doing so, rename it "Freedom Dam".  ](/news/2017/06/4/the-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-take-control-of-the-baath-dam-on-the-euphrates-near-the-isil-stronghold-of-raqqa-and-upon-d.md) _Context: ISIS, U.S._
4. [Despite opposition from Turkey, President Donald Trump authorizes an arms deal with the Syrian Kurds to assist the Syrian Democratic Forces in their fight against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). ](/news/2017/05/9/despite-opposition-from-turkey-president-donald-trump-authorizes-an-arms-deal-with-the-syrian-kurds-to-assist-the-syrian-democratic-forces.md) _Context: ISIS, Turkey_
5. [Turkey summons United States Ambassador John R. Bass to protest alleged "aggressive and unprofessional actions" by American security personnel against Turkish bodyguards, calling for the United States to conduct a full investigation on the May 17 clashes.  The American ambassador told Turkey's government that its guards violated U.S. laws. Last week, the U.S. summoned Turkish  Ambassador Serdar Kilic to discuss about Turkish security officers hitting and kicking peaceful protesters outside the Turkish ambassador's residence in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2017/05/22/turkey-summons-united-states-ambassador-john-r-bass-to-protest-alleged-aggressive-and-unprofessional-actions-by-american-security-personn.md) _Context: Turkey, U.S._
6. [The U.S. summons Turkish ambassador Serdar Kilic after violence between protesters and Turkish security personnel outside the Embassy of Turkey, Washington, D.C. leaves over a dozen people injured. U.S. Senator John McCain calls on the Trump administration to expel the ambassador. ](/news/2017/05/18/the-u-s-summons-turkish-ambassador-serdar-ka-la-ass-after-violence-between-protesters-and-turkish-security-personnel-outside-the-embassy-of.md) _Context: Turkey, U.S._
7. [Amnesty International releases a report criticizing the rise of populist leaders such as Donald Trump of the United States, Viktor Orban of Hungary, Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. ](/news/2017/02/22/amnesty-international-releases-a-report-criticizing-the-rise-of-populist-leaders-such-as-donald-trump-of-the-united-states-viktor-orba-n-of.md) _Context: Turkey, U.S._
8. [Iraq Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi says U.S.-backed Iraqi forces have launched an operation to regain control of western Mosul from ISIL militants. The United Nations says humanitarian agencies are setting up in these older sections of the city where, already, food and fuel supplies are dwindling, running water is scarce, and electricity in many neighborhoods is unreliable for the estimated 800,000 civilians. ](/news/2017/02/19/iraq-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-says-u-s-backed-iraqi-forces-have-launched-an-operation-to-regain-control-of-western-mosul-from-isil-mi.md) _Context: ISIS, U.S._
9. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: ISIS, Turkey_
10. [ A U.S. airstrike in Al-Raqqah, Syria, kills four ISIL leaders, two of which were confirmed to have roles in the November 2015 Paris Attacks. ](/news/2016/12/14/a-u-s-airstrike-in-al-raqqah-syria-kills-four-isil-leaders-two-of-which-were-confirmed-to-have-roles-in-the-november-2015-paris-attacks.md) _Context: ISIS, U.S._
