### [2015-12-10](/news/2015/12/10/index.md)

# In the United States, Suffolk County police ask the FBI for more help in their investigation of a possible serial killer who preyed on prostitutes and left their bodies strewn along a Long Island beach in New York. Ten bodies were found along an isolated stretch of the South Shore's Gilgo Beach between December 2010 and April 2011. 

Police in New York have asked the FBI for help investigating a possible serial killer who preyed on prostitutes and left their bodies strewn along a Long Island beach, nearly five years after the first remains were discovered, officials said on Thursday.


### Source:

1. [New York Daily News](http://www.nydailynews.com/new-york/nyc-crime/fbi-larger-role-gilgo-beach-murders-investigation-article-1.2461853)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-new-york-serial-killer-idUSKBN0TU0FE20151211#TCQI7UrfHHlUbiy2.97)

### Related:

1. [A multiple-vehicle collision on the Long Island Expressway in Shirley, Suffolk County, New York, United States leaves one person dead and at least 32 injured. ](/news/2012/12/19/a-multiple-vehicle-collision-on-the-long-island-expressway-in-shirley-suffolk-county-new-york-united-states-leaves-one-person-dead-and-at.md) _Context: New York State, Suffolk County, United States_
2. [Hurricane Earl. A tropical storm warning is issued for the coast of Long Island in New York as Hurricane Earl approaches the east coast of the United States. ](/news/2010/09/2/hurricane-earl-a-tropical-storm-warning-is-issued-for-the-coast-of-long-island-in-new-york-as-hurricane-earl-approaches-the-east-coast-of-t.md) _Context: Long Island, New York State, United States_
3. [Shooting of Robert Godwin. The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/shooting-of-robert-godwin-the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-ex.md) _Context: FBI, New York State_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016. Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016. Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016. Voters in the U.S. state of New York go to the polls for a primary election with Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump expected to win the respective contests for their parties in that state. ](/news/2016/04/19/united-states-presidential-election-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-vot.md) _Context: New York State, United States_
5. [The United States FBI foils an alleged plot by white supremacists in Virginia who were planning a reign of terror - shooting or bombing religious institutions, robbing jewelers and armored cars, purchasing land, stockpiling weapons, and training for the "coming race war." ](/news/2015/11/10/the-united-states-fbi-foils-an-alleged-plot-by-white-supremacists-in-virginia-who-were-planning-a-reign-of-terror-shooting-or-bombing-re.md) _Context: FBI, United States_
6. [January 2015 nor'easter. The blizzard begins as an ongoing winter storm across the Central and Eastern United States. States of New Jersey through New York and New England enact blizzard warnings. ](/news/2015/01/26/january-2015-nor-easter-the-blizzard-begins-as-an-ongoing-winter-storm-across-the-central-and-eastern-united-states-states-of-new-jersey-t.md) _Context: New York State, United States_
7. [The death toll from a snowstorm in western New York State reaches 13, with local heavy flooding expected in the United States this week. ](/news/2014/11/21/the-death-toll-from-a-snowstorm-in-western-new-york-state-reaches-13-with-local-heavy-flooding-expected-in-the-united-states-this-week.md) _Context: New York State, United States_
8. [A giant snowstorm covers half the United States causing at least eight deaths and causing widespread disruption of flights. Areas near the city of Buffalo in New York state are worst affected with at least six deaths. ](/news/2014/11/19/a-giant-snowstorm-covers-half-the-united-states-causing-at-least-eight-deaths-and-causing-widespread-disruption-of-flights-areas-near-the-c.md) _Context: New York State, United States_
9. [Two firefighters are shot and killed and two others are injured while responding to a fire in Webster, New York, United States. ](/news/2012/12/24/two-firefighters-are-shot-and-killed-and-two-others-are-injured-while-responding-to-a-fire-in-webster-new-york-united-states.md) _Context: New York State, United States_
10. [Bollywood actor Shahrukh Khan is detained by the United States for 90 minutes at a New York airport; the detention draws ire from India's External Affairs Minister S. M. Krishna. ](/news/2012/04/13/bollywood-actor-shahrukh-khan-is-detained-by-the-united-states-for-90-minutes-at-a-new-york-airport-the-detention-draws-ire-from-india-s-ex.md) _Context: New York State, United States_
