### [2015-12-10](/news/2015/12/10/index.md)

# While testifying about the United States military's current strategy, Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Paul J. Selva warns the Senate Armed Services Committee (SASC) against falling into a ground fight trap with ISIL and U.S. Defense Secretary Ashton Carter cautions that increased U.S. ground presence will "Americanize" the conflict.  The Daily Beast reports that both Pentagon officials "did little to assuage lawmakers' concerns that the strategy isn't working.''  At the same time, former U.S. defense officials tell SASC the current approach is inadequate. 

It’s not just Obama’s critics in Congress who think he can’t defeat the Islamic State. Defense officials also say his plan will fail. 


### Source:

1. [Defense News](http://www.defensenews.com/story/defense/policy-budget/congress/2015/12/09/carter-cautions-us-ground-troops-would-americanize-isis-fight/77043772/)
2. [Reuters via NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/isis-terror/isis-finance-minister-abu-salah-killed-american-airstrike-n477881?wpmm=1&wpisrc=nl_daily202)
3. [The Daily Beast](http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2015/12/09/pentagon-insiders-isis-war-plan-is-not-working.html#)
4. [The Hill](http://thehill.com/policy/defense/262484-former-obama-defense-official-isis-threat-getting-worse-not-better#.VmglA3tFYfk.facebook)

### Related:

1. [According to The Pentagon, two senior ISIL leaders have been killed by a United States-led coalition airstrike in Mosul. ](/news/2016/07/2/according-to-the-pentagon-two-senior-isil-leaders-have-been-killed-by-a-united-states-led-coalition-airstrike-in-mosul.md) _Context: Defense Department, ISIL, Military intervention against ISIL_
2. [During a visit to Baghdad, U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter announces  that the United States will be sending more troops to the country to help in the fight against ISIL. The U.S. also plans to give Kurdish Peshmerga forces, which are fighting ISIL on the ground, more than $400m (PS280m; EUR350m) in assistance. ](/news/2016/04/18/during-a-visit-to-baghdad-u-s-defense-secretary-ash-carter-announces-that-the-united-states-will-be-sending-more-troops-to-the-country-to.md) _Context: Ash Carter, ISIL, Secretary of Defense_
3. [The United States military says ISIL's so-called minister-of-war, Abu Omar al-Shishani, ne Tarkhan Tayumurazovich Batirashvili, appears to have been killed in a U.S. air strike near the town of Al-Shaddadi in Syria. ](/news/2016/03/8/the-united-states-military-says-isil-s-so-called-minister-of-war-abu-omar-al-shishani-na-c-tarkhan-tayumurazovich-batirashvili-appears-to.md) _Context: Defense Department, ISIL, Military intervention against ISIL_
4. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that at least 50 United States military instructors have deployed to northern Syria from Turkey and Iraq to train Kurdish forces ahead of an assault on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah. ](/news/2015/11/30/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-that-at-least-50-united-states-military-instructors-have-deployed-to-northern-syria-from-tur.md) _Context: ISIL, Military intervention against ISIL, United States military_
5. [The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria-following-russia-s-threat-that-it-would-treat-any-ai.md) _Context: ISIL, Military intervention against ISIL_
6. [An Iraqi airstrike near Al Qaim, Anbar province, Iraq, kills Ayad al-Jumaili, believed to be ISIL's second-in-command. ](/news/2017/04/1/an-iraqi-airstrike-near-al-qaim-anbar-province-iraq-kills-ayad-al-jumaili-believed-to-be-isil-s-second-in-command.md) _Context: ISIL, Military intervention against ISIL_
7. [U.S. B-2 stealth bombers strike two ISIL camps, south of the city of Sirte, Libya, killing more than 80 militants, according to United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. ](/news/2017/01/19/u-s-b-2-stealth-bombers-strike-two-isil-camps-south-of-the-city-of-sirte-libya-killing-more-than-80-militants-according-to-united-state.md) _Context: Ash Carter, Secretary of Defense_
8. [Denmark's government announces it will be withdrawing its seven F-16 fighter jets from military operations against ISIL in Iraq and Syria from mid-December. ](/news/2016/12/2/denmark-s-government-announces-it-will-be-withdrawing-its-seven-f-16-fighter-jets-from-military-operations-against-isil-in-iraq-and-syria-fr.md) _Context: ISIL, Military intervention against ISIL_
9. [ A U.S. airstrike in Al-Raqqah, Syria, kills four ISIL leaders, two of which were confirmed to have roles in the November 2015 Paris Attacks. ](/news/2016/12/14/a-u-s-airstrike-in-al-raqqah-syria-kills-four-isil-leaders-two-of-which-were-confirmed-to-have-roles-in-the-november-2015-paris-attacks.md) _Context: ISIL, Military intervention against ISIL_
10. [France conducts airstrikes against ISIL positions in Iraq from the French aircraft carrier ''Charles de Gaulle''. ](/news/2016/09/30/france-conducts-airstrikes-against-isil-positions-in-iraq-from-the-french-aircraft-carrier-charles-de-gaulle.md) _Context: ISIL, Military intervention against ISIL_
