### [2000-12-19](/news/2000/12/19/index.md)

# United Nations Security Council Resolution 1333 is adopted, calling for a ban on military assistance to the Taliban, closure of its camps and an end to the provision of sanctuary of the movement.<ref name=un>url=http://www.un.org/News/Press/docs/2000/20001219.sc6979.doc.html|title=Security Council imposes wide new measures against Taliban authorities in Afghanistan, demands action on terrorism|date=19 December 2000|publisher=United Nations</ref>




### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan: According to the Defense Ministry, between 26 and 30 military personnel are dead and over 80 Taliban militants have been either killed or wounded amid intense fighting at a military base in Kandahar Province. ](/news/2017/07/26/war-in-afghanistan-according-to-the-defense-ministry-between-26-and-30-military-personnel-are-dead-and-over-80-taliban-militants-have-been.md) _Context: Taliban_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present): Officials announce that Afghan security forces have retaken Nawa District from the Taliban. ](/news/2017/07/17/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-officials-announce-that-afghan-security-forces-have-retaken-nawa-district-from-the-taliban.md) _Context: Taliban_
3. [War in Afghanistan: 2017 Lashkargah bombing: A car bomb outside a New Kabul Bank branch in Lashkargah, Helmand Province, kills at least 20 people. The Taliban claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/06/22/war-in-afghanistan-2017-lashkargah-bombing-a-car-bomb-outside-a-new-kabul-bank-branch-in-lashkargah-helmand-province-kills-at-least-20-p.md) _Context: Taliban_
4. [War in Afghanistan: At least one Afghan is killed and seven American soldiers wounded in an "insider attack" at Camp Shaheen, in the northern city of Mazar-i-Sharif. An earlier report that Americans had been killed is incorrect. The Taliban claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/06/17/war-in-afghanistan-at-least-one-afghan-is-killed-and-seven-american-soldiers-wounded-in-an-insider-attack-at-camp-shaheen-in-the-norther.md) _Context: Taliban_
5. [War in Afghanistan: After a week-long assault, ISIL-KP captures the Tora Bora cave complex from the Taliban, allegedly in reaction to the 2017 Nangarhar airstrike. The Taliban say the fighting is still underway. ](/news/2017/06/14/war-in-afghanistan-after-a-week-long-assault-isil-kp-captures-the-tora-bora-cave-complex-from-the-taliban-allegedly-in-reaction-to-the-20.md) _Context: Taliban_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): An Afghan soldier kills 3 U.S. troops and injures 1 other in Achin, Nangarhar Province. The Taliban claims responsibility, saying the Afghan soldier was one of several Taliban infiltrators in the Afghan Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/06/10/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-an-afghan-soldier-kills-3-u-s-troops-and-injures-1-other-in-achin-nangarhar-province-the-taliban-cla.md) _Context: Taliban_
7. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Taliban militants attack an Afghan National Army base in Shah Wali Kot District, Kandahar Province, killing at least 15 soldiers. ](/news/2017/05/26/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-taliban-militants-attack-an-afghan-national-army-base-in-shah-wali-kot-district-kandahar-province-kil.md) _Context: Taliban_
8. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A Taliban raid kills at least 20 Afghan police officers in southern Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/05/21/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-taliban-raid-kills-at-least-20-afghan-police-officers-in-southern-afghanistan.md) _Context: Taliban_
9. [2011 Helmand Province incident: Sergeant Alexander Blackman, also known as Marine A, a Royal Marine who shot dead a wounded Taliban insurgent in 2011 during Operation Herrick, is released from HM Prison Erlestoke after serving more than three years of a seven-year sentence. ](/news/2017/04/28/2011-helmand-province-incident-sergeant-alexander-blackman-also-known-as-marine-a-a-royal-marine-who-shot-dead-a-wounded-taliban-insurgen.md) _Context: Taliban_
10. [2017 Camp Shaheen attack: The Afghan Minister of Defense, Abdullah Habibi and the Chief of Staff of the Afghan National Army, Qadam Shah Shahim, resign after a Taliban attack on Camp Shaheen near Mazar-i-Sharif that claimed over 140 lives. ](/news/2017/04/24/2017-camp-shaheen-attack-the-afghan-minister-of-defense-abdullah-habibi-and-the-chief-of-staff-of-the-afghan-national-army-qadam-shah-sha.md) _Context: Taliban_
