### [2017-09-4](/news/2017/09/4/index.md)

# Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. 

The island and the state of Florida, have declared states of emergency in anticipation of Irma, which could become the second major storm this year to hit the U.S. East Coast.


### Source:

1. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/09/04/548496195/puerto-rico-prepares-for-a-strengthening-hurricane-irma)
2. [National Hurricane Center](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/the_americas/caribbean-islands-begin-preparations-for-hurricane-irma/2017/09/03/a1402540-911b-11e7-8482-8dc9a7af29f9_story.html?utm_term=.59736664ea46)

### Related:

1. [Irma has killed at least 14 people. The storm, still at Category 5 strength with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h), is moving west-northwest at 16 mph (26 km/h). It has reached the dual-country island of Hispaniola and is forecast to pass over the Turks and Caicos Islands as it heads towards The Bahamas and Cuba. The eye did not directly hit Puerto Rico; still casualties are reported and around two-thirds of its 3.4 million population are without electricity. ](/news/2017/09/7/irma-has-killed-at-least-14-people-the-storm-still-at-category-5-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-175-mph-280-km-h-is-moving-we.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Irma, Puerto Rico_
2. [Hurricane Irma makes first landfall on Barbuda, Saint Martin, and Anguilla in the northeastern Leeward Islands. Irma has maintained 185 mph winds for 24 hours, setting another record for Atlantic and eastern Pacific storms. ](/news/2017/09/6/hurricane-irma-makes-first-landfall-on-barbuda-saint-martin-and-anguilla-in-the-northeastern-leeward-islands-irma-has-maintained-185-mph.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Irma, Leeward Islands_
3. [Hurricane Irma, now a Category 2 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 110 miles per hour (175 kilometers per hour), is expected to resume strengthening this weekend increasing the danger when it nears the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean next Thursday. ](/news/2017/09/1/hurricane-irma-now-a-category-2-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-110-miles-per-hour-175-kilometers-per-hour-is-expected-to-resu.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Caribbean, Leeward Islands_
4. [Hurricane Irma strengthens to a maximum Category 5 hurricane, becoming the strongest Atlantic hurricane since 2005's Hurricane Wilma in terms of maximum sustained winds, described as "extremely dangerous." The National Hurricane Center (NHC) predicts that Irma could strengthen even more due to favorable conditions. ](/news/2017/09/5/hurricane-irma-strengthens-to-a-maximum-category-5-hurricane-becoming-the-strongest-atlantic-hurricane-since-2005-s-hurricane-wilma-in-term.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Irma_
5. [The U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration says warm ocean waters could fuel an above-normal Atlantic hurricane season. The forecast calls for 11 to 17 named storms with five to nine hurricanes, warmer-than-average waters across the tropical Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea, and a weak or nonexistent El Nino. ](/news/2017/05/25/the-u-s-national-oceanic-and-atmospheric-administration-says-warm-ocean-waters-could-fuel-an-above-normal-atlantic-hurricane-season-the-fo.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Caribbean_
6. [Category 4 Hurricane Earl takes aim at the northern Leeward Islands and Puerto Rico with winds of up to 135 miles per hour (215 km/h) prompting hurricane warnings. ](/news/2010/08/30/category-4-hurricane-earl-takes-aim-at-the-northern-leeward-islands-and-puerto-rico-with-winds-of-up-to-135-miles-per-hour-215-km-h-prompt.md) _Context: Leeward Islands, Puerto Rico_
7. [ 2008 Atlantic Hurricane season: The Governor of Florida Charlie Crist declares a state of emergency as Tropical Storm Fay is due to hit Florida on Monday, possibly at hurricane strength. ](/news/2008/08/16/2008-atlantic-hurricane-season-the-governor-of-florida-charlie-crist-declares-a-state-of-emergency-as-tropical-storm-fay-is-due-to-hit-flo.md) _Context: Florida, states of emergency_
8. [ Hurricane Ernesto becomes the first hurricane of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season. Jeb Bush later declares a state of emergency due to its possible impact on Florida later in the week. ](/news/2006/08/27/hurricane-ernesto-becomes-the-first-hurricane-of-the-2006-atlantic-hurricane-season-jeb-bush-later-declares-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-it.md) _Context: Florida, states of emergency_
9. [The La Tuna Fire continues to burn in Los Angeles, California, becoming the largest fire in the city's history at around 5,800 acres. Mayor Eric Garcetti declares a state of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/3/the-la-tuna-fire-continues-to-burn-in-los-angeles-california-becoming-the-largest-fire-in-the-city-s-history-at-around-5-800-acres-mayor.md) _Context: states of emergency_
10. [Hurricane Franklin, the Atlantic Ocean's first hurricane of the season, is set to hit Mexico's Gulf state of Veracruz tonight or tomorrow morning. The category 1 storm is expected to lose strength as it moves inland through the oil-producing state. ](/news/2017/08/9/hurricane-franklin-the-atlantic-ocean-s-first-hurricane-of-the-season-is-set-to-hit-mexico-s-gulf-state-of-veracruz-tonight-or-tomorrow-mo.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
