### [2017-09-4](/news/2017/09/4/index.md)

# Tronc Inc., the "Los Angeles Times" and the "Chicago Tribune" publisher, buys the "New York Daily News". 




### Source:

1. [U.S. News & World Report](https://www.usnews.com/news/business/articles/2017-09-05/the-daily-news-a-storied-new-york-tabloid-is-sold-to-tronc)

### Related:

1. [The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-mail-bbc.md) _Context: Los Angeles Times, New York Daily News_
2. [In the United States, Gannett Company, Inc., announces that two weeks ago it made an unsolicited, $815 million takeover bid for the Tribune Publishing Company, whose holdings include a number of major newspapers, such as the "Chicago Tribune" and the "Los Angeles Times". Gannett, the publisher of the national American daily "USA Today" as well as 107 daily newspapers, made the offer public since Tribune had not yet responded. Last month, Tribune Publishing's winning bid for the "Orange County Register" was blocked by the U.S. Justice Department because of an antitrust challenge. ](/news/2016/04/25/in-the-united-states-gannett-company-inc-announces-that-two-weeks-ago-it-made-an-unsolicited-815-million-takeover-bid-for-the-tribune.md) _Context: Chicago Tribune, Los Angeles Times_
3. [The "New York Daily News" and ProPublica win the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service for reporting on nuisance abatement by police targeting minorities. ](/news/2017/04/10/the-new-york-daily-news-and-propublica-win-the-pulitzer-prize-for-public-service-for-reporting-on-nuisance-abatement-by-police-targeting-m.md) _Context: New York Daily News_
4. [The "Los Angeles Times" reports that close to 500,000 California voters, who wanted to register as an Independent but checked the American Independent Party box instead, may be ineligible to vote in the state's Democratic and Republican primaries. ](/news/2016/04/17/the-los-angeles-times-reports-that-close-to-500-000-california-voters-who-wanted-to-register-as-an-independent-but-checked-the-american-i.md) _Context: Los Angeles Times_
5. [ Tribune Publishing, an American company whose Southern California media holdings include the "Los Angeles Times" and "The San Diego Union-Tribune", wins an auction for bankrupt newspapers, "Orange County Register", published in Santa Ana, and "The Press-Enterprise", headquartered in Riverside, for $56 million, subject to judicial approval. A federal bankruptcy court hearing is scheduled for Monday. The U.S. Justice Department has warned that a Tribune purchase could violate antitrust laws. ](/news/2016/03/17/tribune-publishing-an-american-company-whose-southern-california-media-holdings-include-the-los-angeles-times-and-the-san-diego-union-t.md) _Context: Los Angeles Times_
6. [Senior U.S. officials condemn graphic photos depicting their troops posing with the mangled corpses of suspected Afghan suicide bombers on at least two separate occasions months apart. The "Los Angeles Times" defends its publication of the photos after being warned against the move by the U.S. military. ](/news/2012/04/18/senior-u-s-officials-condemn-graphic-photos-depicting-their-troops-posing-with-the-mangled-corpses-of-suspected-afghan-suicide-bombers-on-a.md) _Context: Los Angeles Times_
7. [At least 40 people were shot over the weekend across Chicago, with seven of them slain, Chicago Tribune reported. ](/news/2010/06/20/at-least-40-people-were-shot-over-the-weekend-across-chicago-with-seven-of-them-slain-chicago-tribune-reported.md) _Context: Chicago Tribune_
8. [ The "Los Angeles Times" has reported that Jason Grimsley, a former pitcher for several Major League Baseball teams who has been accused of supplying performance-enhancing drugs to several players, allegedly named stars Roger Clemens, Andy Pettitte, and Miguel Tejada in a sworn statement as users of performance-enhancers. ](/news/2006/09/30/the-los-angeles-times-has-reported-that-jason-grimsley-a-former-pitcher-for-several-major-league-baseball-teams-who-has-been-accused-of.md) _Context: Los Angeles Times_
