### [2017-09-14](/news/2017/09/14/index.md)

# The origin of the zero may have been in South Asia according to a Sanskrit script housed in the United Kingdom since 1902 and discovered in Bakhshali near Peshawar, Pakistan. 

Exclusive: one of the greatest conceptual breakthroughs in mathematics has been traced to the Bakhshali manuscript, dating from the 3rd or 4th century


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/science/2017/sep/14/much-ado-about-nothing-ancient-indian-text-contains-earliest-zero-symbol)

### Related:

1. [Two separate bombings take place in Pakistan, killing at least seven people. A suicide bomber kills five people at the administrative headquarters in the Mohmand Agency tribal district while the other kills two people at a hospital in Peshawar. Jamaat-ul-Ahrar claims responsibility for the first attack. ](/news/2017/02/15/two-separate-bombings-take-place-in-pakistan-killing-at-least-seven-people-a-suicide-bomber-kills-five-people-at-the-administrative-headqu.md) _Context: Pakistan, Peshawar_
2. [Pakistani Chief of Air Staff Sohail Aman warns India not to escalate tensions in the disputed territory of Kashmir under the threat of a full-scale war. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson urges both sides to restrain themselves while on a diplomatic mission to Islamabad. ](/news/2016/11/24/pakistani-chief-of-air-staff-sohail-aman-warns-india-not-to-escalate-tensions-in-the-disputed-territory-of-kashmir-under-the-threat-of-a-ful.md) _Context: Pakistan, United Kingdom_
3. [Twin bombings kill a police officer and wound nine people in Peshawar, Pakistan. ](/news/2016/05/18/twin-bombings-kill-a-police-officer-and-wound-nine-people-in-peshawar-pakistan.md) _Context: Pakistan, Peshawar_
4. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Pakistan, United Kingdom_
5. [  A bomb detonates in a bus carrying government employees in Peshawar, Pakistan, killing 15 and injuring at least 54. ](/news/2016/03/16/a-bomb-detonates-in-a-bus-carrying-government-employees-in-peshawar-pakistan-killing-15-and-injuring-at-least-54.md) _Context: Pakistan, Peshawar_
6. [At least 9 people are killed and 35 injured after a suicide bomber strikes near a security checkpoint near Peshawar, Pakistan. ](/news/2016/01/19/at-least-9-people-are-killed-and-35-injured-after-a-suicide-bomber-strikes-near-a-security-checkpoint-near-peshawar-pakistan.md) _Context: Pakistan, Peshawar_
7. [At least 17 people are injured in Peshawar, Pakistan, and five people are hurt in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province after a 6.3-magnitude earthquake hit near the Afghanistan-Tajikistan border. The epicenter is in Afghanistan's quake-prone Ishkashim district, a mountainous area where mainly impoverished farmers live in homes made with mud, according to Peshawar District Officer Muhmand Asim Khan. Other details about damage or casualties are not presently available. ](/news/2015/12/25/at-least-17-people-are-injured-in-peshawar-pakistan-and-five-people-are-hurt-in-afghanistan-s-nangarhar-province-after-a-6-3-magnitude-ear.md) _Context: Pakistan, Peshawar_
8. [In Peshawar, an unknown assailant shoots and kills Pakistani lawyer Samiullah Afridi, who had defended Dr. Shakil Afridi (in regards to assisting CIA agents hunt al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden), with two Pakistan militant groups, Jundullah and Jamaatul Ahrar, both claiming responsibility. ](/news/2015/03/17/in-peshawar-an-unknown-assailant-shoots-and-kills-pakistani-lawyer-samiullah-afridi-who-had-defended-dr-shakil-afridi-in-regards-to-assi.md) _Context: Pakistan, Peshawar_
9. [Pakistan lifts the moratorium on the death penalty for terror-related cases following the Taliban's assault on a school in Peshawar on Tuesday that killed 141, including 132 children. ](/news/2014/12/17/pakistan-lifts-the-moratorium-on-the-death-penalty-for-terror-related-cases-following-the-taliban-s-assault-on-a-school-in-peshawar-on-tuesd.md) _Context: Pakistan, Peshawar_
10. [Attacks all across Pakistan leave dozens dead, with the most violence centered in Peshawar and Quetta. ](/news/2014/03/14/attacks-all-across-pakistan-leave-dozens-dead-with-the-most-violence-centered-in-peshawar-and-quetta.md) _Context: Pakistan, Peshawar_
