### [2002-03-11](/news/2002/03/11/index.md)

# Robert Mugabe wins the Zimbabwe elections with 54% of the vote to Morgan Tsvangirai's 40% on a turnout of 55.9%. His victory is controversial and comes amid claims that many have been prevented from voting and there has been a campaign of intimidation. But election observers from South Africa and the Organisation of African Unity state that the outcome is legitimate.




### Related:

1. [Zimbabwe's top court rules that the general election should be held on July 31 despite an appeal by President Robert Mugabe and his main rival Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai. ](/news/2013/07/5/zimbabwe-s-top-court-rules-that-the-general-election-should-be-held-on-july-31-despite-an-appeal-by-president-robert-mugabe-and-his-main-riv.md) _Context: Morgan Tsvangirai, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
2. [The incumbent President of Zimbabwe, Robert Mugabe, determines that elections will be scheduled for 31 July 2013, however Mugabe's leading presidential contestant and primary political rival Morgan Tsvangirai rejects this as being "a unilateral and flagrant breach of the constitution". ](/news/2013/06/13/the-incumbent-president-of-zimbabwe-robert-mugabe-determines-that-elections-will-be-scheduled-for-31-july-2013-however-mugabe-s-leading-p.md) _Context: Morgan Tsvangirai, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
3. [Zimbabwean Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai charges his President Robert Mugabe with violating the constitution and unilateral decision-making. Mugabe and his party fail to respond in public. ](/news/2010/10/7/zimbabwean-prime-minister-morgan-tsvangirai-charges-his-president-robert-mugabe-with-violating-the-constitution-and-unilateral-decision-maki.md) _Context: Morgan Tsvangirai, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
4. [Brazil and Zimbabwe play a football game in front of a sell-out crowd in Harare ahead of the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa, the first time since independence that a non-African team has performed in the country. President Robert Mugabe and Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai both attend and civil servants are given time off work. ](/news/2010/06/2/brazil-and-zimbabwe-play-a-football-game-in-front-of-a-sell-out-crowd-in-harare-ahead-of-the-2010-fifa-world-cup-in-south-africa-the-first.md) _Context: Morgan Tsvangirai, Robert Mugabe, South Africa_
5. [Robert Mugabe, Morgan Tsvangirai and Arthur Mutambara, in a rare display of solidarity, call for an end to international sanctions on Zimbabwe and instead request investment. ](/news/2010/05/6/robert-mugabe-morgan-tsvangirai-and-arthur-mutambara-in-a-rare-display-of-solidarity-call-for-an-end-to-international-sanctions-on-zimbab.md) _Context: Morgan Tsvangirai, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
6. [ Movement for Democratic Change President Morgan Tsvangirai agrees to become Zimbabwe's Prime Minister on February 11 in a deal with President Robert Mugabe. ](/news/2009/01/31/movement-for-democratic-change-president-morgan-tsvangirai-agrees-to-become-zimbabwe-s-prime-minister-on-february-11-in-a-deal-with-preside.md) _Context: Morgan Tsvangirai, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
7. [ Morgan Tsvangirai of Zimbabwe's Movement for Democratic Change states that power-sharing talks with President Robert Mugabe have failed to reach an agreement. ](/news/2008/10/17/morgan-tsvangirai-of-zimbabwe-s-movement-for-democratic-change-states-that-power-sharing-talks-with-president-robert-mugabe-have-failed-to.md) _Context: Morgan Tsvangirai, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
8. [ Former South African President Thabo Mbeki will mediate between the Movement for Democratic Change and Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe's government after Mugabe takes control of ministries that command the military and the police, an action that allegedly violates the power-sharing agreement reached last month. ](/news/2008/10/11/former-south-african-president-thabo-mbeki-will-mediate-between-the-movement-for-democratic-change-and-zimbabwean-president-robert-mugabe-s.md) _Context: Robert Mugabe, South Africa, Zimbabwe_
9. [ A power-sharing agreement between Zimbabwean president Robert Mugabe and opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai is officially signed, making Tsvangirai Prime Minister of Zimbabwe and chair of cabinet meetings. Mugabe maintains his position as president and remains in control of the country's army. ](/news/2008/09/15/a-power-sharing-agreement-between-zimbabwean-president-robert-mugabe-and-opposition-leader-morgan-tsvangirai-is-officially-signed-making-t.md) _Context: Morgan Tsvangirai, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
10. [ Zimbabwe Electoral Crisis: Zimbabwean opposition leader Morgan Tsvangirai pulls out of the June 27 run-off presidential election after President Robert Mugabe's supporters attacked his rally. ](/news/2008/06/22/zimbabwe-electoral-crisis-zimbabwean-opposition-leader-morgan-tsvangirai-pulls-out-of-the-june-27-run-off-presidential-election-after-pres.md) _Context: Morgan Tsvangirai, Robert Mugabe, Zimbabwe_
