### [2014-11-11](/news/2014/11/11/index.md)

# The first winter storm of the season hits the midwestern United States with at least four people dead in Minnesota. 

Heavy snow falls from Michigan to Colorado, while much of the country braces for dramatic, double-digit drops in temperature.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/weather/icy-blast-first-winter-storm-season-kills-four-minnesota-n245861)

### Related:

1. [Minnehaha Academy gas explosion. A natural gas explosion at college prep school Minnehaha Academy in Minneapolis, Minnesota, kills two staff members. Another nine people were injured, seven of whom are hospitalized, three in critical and four in serious condition. ](/news/2017/08/2/minnehaha-academy-gas-explosion-a-natural-gas-explosion-at-college-prep-school-minnehaha-academy-in-minneapolis-minnesota-kills-two-staff.md) _Context: Minnesota_
2. [Shooting of Justine Damond. Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull expresses shock and demands answers after an Australian woman, who called 9-1-1 for help because of a suspected assault near her home, was shot and killed on Saturday by a U.S. police officer who had responded in Minneapolis, Minnesota. ](/news/2017/07/19/shooting-of-justine-damond-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-expresses-shock-and-demands-answers-after-an-australian-woman-who-ca.md) _Context: Minnesota_
3. [Tornado outbreak and floods of April 28-30, 2017. The death tolls from tornadoes and floods in the midwestern and southern United States rises to ten with two people missing. ](/news/2017/04/30/tornado-outbreak-and-floods-of-april-28-30-2017-the-death-tolls-from-tornadoes-and-floods-in-the-midwestern-and-southern-united-states-r.md) _Context: midwestern_
4. [2016 UCLA shooting. A second victim of the UCLA shooter is found in Minnesota; the shooter is identified as a former Ph.D. candidate in mechanical engineering that claimed his first victim had "cleverly stolen his code." ](/news/2016/06/2/2016-ucla-shooting-a-second-victim-of-the-ucla-shooter-is-found-in-minnesota-the-shooter-is-identified-as-a-former-ph-d-candidate-in-mech.md) _Context: Minnesota_
5. [In a second day of severe weather, at least seven people are injured as tornadoes sweep across the Midwestern and Southern part of the United States, with more severe weather expected. ](/news/2016/04/1/in-a-second-day-of-severe-weather-at-least-seven-people-are-injured-as-tornadoes-sweep-across-the-midwestern-and-southern-part-of-the-unite.md) _Context: midwestern_
6. [Callaway train crash. The evacuation order for the 200-person town of Callaway, Minnesota, which was emptied after a Canadian Pacific train crashed with a propane truck, is lifted. None of the train cars were carrying hazardous materials. ](/news/2016/03/25/callaway-train-crash-the-evacuation-order-for-the-200-person-town-of-callaway-minnesota-which-was-emptied-after-a-canadian-pacific-train.md) _Context: Minnesota_
7. [United States presidential election, 2016. Voters in the U.S. states of Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, and the overseas territory of American Samoa go to the polls to vote on Super Tuesday. ](/news/2016/03/1/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-alabama-alaska-arkansas-colorado-georgia-massachusetts-minneso.md) _Context: Minnesota_
8. [The Maryland Court of Appeals rules the state's Public Information Act does not apply to abortion clinic license applicants' names, denying the Maryland Coalition for Life's appeal which had noted that courts in Illinois, Kansas and Minnesota have ordered these names released. The ruling can not be appealed to federal courts. ](/news/2016/02/22/the-maryland-court-of-appeals-rules-the-state-s-public-information-act-does-not-apply-to-abortion-clinic-license-applicants-names-denying.md) _Context: Minnesota_
9. [2015 Missouri flooding. Record flooding along the Mississippi River and its tributaries that has closed major highways, forced evacuations, and overflowed levees, continues to threaten the Midwestern United States where at least 24 have died. The Mississippi is expected to crest in the next few days in Thebes, Illinois, at 47.5 feet, breaking the 1995 record by more than a foot and a half (46 cm). And now periods of below-freezing air will cause some flooded areas to turn icy. ](/news/2015/12/31/2015-missouri-flooding-record-flooding-along-the-mississippi-river-and-its-tributaries-that-has-closed-major-highways-forced-evacuations.md) _Context: midwestern_
10. [Tornadoes of 2015, 2015-16 North American winter. 2015-2016 El Nino event. At least 11 people are killed as tornadoes strike Dallas, Texas, and five people die in a flash flood in Illinois. A total of 34 people have died in this week's smorgCNYsbord of storms that started Wednesday. Mark Wiley of the National Weather Service says this rare run of December tornado storms in the South and Midwest, and spring-like temperatures across much of the North and East, in part to a strong El Nino. ](/news/2015/12/27/tornadoes-of-2015-2015-16-north-american-winter-2015-2016-el-nia-o-event-at-least-11-people-are-killed-as-tornadoes-strike-dallas-te.md) _Context: midwestern_
