### [2012-01-27](/news/2012/01/27/index.md)

# 170 international writers, including the Nobel laureates J. M. Coetzee, Nadine Gordimer, Toni Morrison, Orhan Pamuk, Wole Soyinka, Mario Vargas Llosa and Derek Walcott, take out a full page advert in Mexican newspaper "El Universal" to defend the freedom of journalists from fear and censorship. 

A host of international writers including several Nobel laureates issue a joint statement condemning attacks on journalists in Mexico.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-latin-america-16767476)

### Related:

1. [J. M. Coetzee and Nadine Gordimer are among those to criticise South Africa's "secrecy bill" which they say could fundamentally threaten free speech and investigative journalism. ](/news/2012/06/6/j-m-coetzee-and-nadine-gordimer-are-among-those-to-criticise-south-africa-s-secrecy-bill-which-they-say-could-fundamentally-threaten-fre.md) _Context: J. M. Coetzee, Nadine Gordimer_
2. [Salman Rushdie, Art Spiegelman and Mario Vargas Llosa are among those to protest against the planned spending of US$300 million on the Fifth Avenue branch of the New York Public Library, saying it is "a misplaced use of funds in a time of great scarcity". A letter signed by more than 700 writers, academics and others is sent to the library. ](/news/2012/05/10/salman-rushdie-art-spiegelman-and-mario-vargas-llosa-are-among-those-to-protest-against-the-planned-spending-of-us-300-million-on-the-fifth.md) _Context: Mario Vargas Llosa_
3. [It is announced that more than 20 writers are still needed for a week-long event to include a poet from every nation competing in the 2012 Olympics and Paralympics: among those attending are Jo Shapcott (Great Britain) and Nobel laureates Seamus Heaney (Ireland) and Wole Soyinka (Nigeria). ](/news/2012/04/17/it-is-announced-that-more-than-20-writers-are-still-needed-for-a-week-long-event-to-include-a-poet-from-every-nation-competing-in-the-2012-o.md) _Context: Wole Soyinka_
4. [Twitter alters technology to enable country-specific censorship of messages. ](/news/2012/01/27/twitter-alters-technology-to-enable-country-specific-censorship-of-messages.md) _Context: censorship_
5. [Mario Vargas Llosa, last year's recipient of the Nobel Prize in Literature, speaks out against authoritarian governments and calls on all citizens to participate in political life while addressing students at Shanghai International Studies University. ](/news/2011/06/15/mario-vargas-llosa-last-year-s-recipient-of-the-nobel-prize-in-literature-speaks-out-against-authoritarian-governments-and-calls-on-all-ci.md) _Context: Mario Vargas Llosa_
6. [United States diplomatic cables leak:: Reporters Without Borders condemns "the blocking, cyber-attacks and political pressure" against the WikiLeaks website, describing it as the first "attempt at the international community level to censor a website dedicated to the principle of transparency" and comparing the behaviour of France and the United States to that of China. American payment service provider PayPal cuts off the account the WikiLeaks website uses to collect donations. ](/news/2010/12/4/united-states-diplomatic-cables-leak-reporters-without-borders-condemns-the-blocking-cyber-attacks-and-political-pressure-against-the-w.md) _Context: censorship_
7. [The Congress of the Republic of Peru applauds the Peruvian 2010 Nobel Literature laureate Mario Vargas Llosa. ](/news/2010/12/10/the-congress-of-the-republic-of-peru-applauds-the-peruvian-2010-nobel-literature-laureate-mario-vargas-llosa.md) _Context: Mario Vargas Llosa_
8. [Peruvian-Spanish writer Mario Vargas Llosa is announced as the winner of the 2010 Nobel Prize in Literature. ](/news/2010/10/7/peruvian-spanish-writer-mario-vargas-llosa-is-announced-as-the-winner-of-the-2010-nobel-prize-in-literature.md) _Context: Mario Vargas Llosa_
9. [1986 Nobel Laureate for Literature Wole Soyinka, the first African to receive the award, launches a political party ahead of Nigeria's upcoming presidential election. ](/news/2010/09/25/1986-nobel-laureate-for-literature-wole-soyinka-the-first-african-to-receive-the-award-launches-a-political-party-ahead-of-nigeria-s-upcom.md) _Context: Wole Soyinka_
10. [Venezuela's government begins a trial ban of the publication of "violent, bloody or grotesque" photographs in newspapers, as a result of controversy over pictures of bloodied corpses riddled with bullets appear on the front page of newspapers. ](/news/2010/08/18/venezuela-s-government-begins-a-trial-ban-of-the-publication-of-violent-bloody-or-grotesque-photographs-in-newspapers-as-a-result-of-con.md) _Context: censorship_
