### [2003-03-19](/news/2003/03/19/index.md)

#  European Union Health and Consumer Protection Commissioner, David Byrne, said "cases like SARS demonstrate only too clearly that contagious diseases require a high level of preparedness across borders. Imagine if it had been an influenza pandemic which, in the past, had a devastating impact on humans. In order to meet the contemporary public health threat of communicable diseases, we must strengthen coordination and surveillance at Community level. The most effective way to do so is by setting up a European Union Centre for Disease Control."




### Related:

1. [The European Union's 28 member states formally accept Bosnia and Herzegovina's membership application. The European Commission (EC) will now determine whether Bosnia meets the criteria to join the union, a process that is expected to take a year. ](/news/2016/09/20/the-european-union-s-28-member-states-formally-accept-bosnia-and-herzegovina-s-membership-application-the-european-commission-ec-will-now.md) _Context: EU, European Commission_
2. [Jose Manuel Barroso, President of the European Commission, says it would be "extremely difficult, if not impossible" for an independent Scotland to join the European Union as it would need the approval of all member states. ](/news/2014/02/16/josa-c-manuel-barroso-president-of-the-european-commission-says-it-would-be-extremely-difficult-if-not-impossible-for-an-independent-sco.md) _Context: EU, European Commission_
3. [The European Commission fines Microsoft EUR561 million for failing to provide residents of the European Union with a selection of web browsers as an alternative to Internet Explorer. ](/news/2013/03/6/the-european-commission-fines-microsoft-a-561-million-for-failing-to-provide-residents-of-the-european-union-with-a-selection-of-web-browse.md) _Context: EU, European Commission_
4. [A European Commission report draft estimates the investment needed for increasing the safety of Europe's 134 power station nuclear reactors at 10 to 25 billion euro. The full report on the stress tests is to be debated by EU ministers later this month. ](/news/2012/10/2/a-european-commission-report-draft-estimates-the-investment-needed-for-increasing-the-safety-of-europe-s-134-power-station-nuclear-reactors.md) _Context: EU, European Commission_
5. [The European Commission rejects efforts by several ex-Soviet bloc countries for the European Union to legislate against the condoning or denial of totalitarian crimes. ](/news/2010/12/22/the-european-commission-rejects-efforts-by-several-ex-soviet-bloc-countries-for-the-european-union-to-legislate-against-the-condoning-or-den.md) _Context: EU, European Commission_
6. [The European Commission issues a statement saying it will take legal action against France unless it complies with European Union rules on freedom of movement in relation to recent expulsion of Romani within the next two weeks. ](/news/2010/09/29/the-european-commission-issues-a-statement-saying-it-will-take-legal-action-against-france-unless-it-complies-with-european-union-rules-on-f.md) _Context: EU, European Commission_
7. [The European Commission orders the closure of loss-making coal mines across the European Union over the next four years. ](/news/2010/07/21/the-european-commission-orders-the-closure-of-loss-making-coal-mines-across-the-european-union-over-the-next-four-years.md) _Context: EU, European Commission_
8. [The European Commission proposes rules for imports of fishery products from Greenland into the EU. ](/news/2010/05/3/the-european-commission-proposes-rules-for-imports-of-fishery-products-from-greenland-into-the-eu.md) _Context: EU, European Commission_
9. [ Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin questions the commitment of the European Union to the construction of the Nord Stream pipeline to establish a natural gas delivery network from his country to Europe. A European Commission spokesman responds, "The EU continues to strongly support the Nord Stream pipeline". ](/news/2008/11/13/russian-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-questions-the-commitment-of-the-european-union-to-the-construction-of-the-nord-stream-pipeline-to-est.md) _Context: EU, European Commission_
10. [ A draft European Commission report raises new doubts about Turkey's bid to join the European Union. ](/news/2006/11/3/a-draft-european-commission-report-raises-new-doubts-about-turkey-s-bid-to-join-the-european-union.md) _Context: EU, European Commission_
