### [2005-10-8](/news/2005/10/8/index.md)

#  2005 South Asia earthquake: An earthquake measuring 7.6 on the Richter scale occurred at 08:52:38 UTC in a Pakistan- disputed territory of Kashmir, killing over 175,000 people. 

NDTV.com: India, Business, Bollywood, Cricket, Video and Breaking News


### Source:

1. [Indian Express](http://www.expressindia.com/fullstory.php?newsid=56159)
2. [NDTV](http://www.ndtv.com/topstories/showtopstory.asp?slug=Strong+tremors+felt+across+North+India&id=17919&category=National)
3. [USGS](http://earthquake.usgs.gov/recenteqsww/Quakes/usdyae.htm)

### Related:

1. [India-Pakistan relations: Pakistan accuses eight Indian diplomats of espionage and terrorism amid rising tensions concerning Kashmir. India says it rejects these allegations. The six Pakistani diplomats withdrawn from India last week were reported to have been accused of spying. ](/news/2016/11/3/india-pakistan-relations-pakistan-accuses-eight-indian-diplomats-of-espionage-and-terrorism-amid-rising-tensions-concerning-kashmir-india.md) _Context: Kashmir, Pakistan_
2. [2016 India-Pakistan military confrontation: Kashmir conflict: Pakistani Chief of Air Staff Sohail Aman warns India not to escalate tensions in the disputed territory of Kashmir under the threat of a full-scale war. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson urges both sides to restrain themselves while on a diplomatic mission to Islamabad. ](/news/2016/11/24/2016-india-pakistan-military-confrontation-kashmir-conflict-pakistani-chief-of-air-staff-sohail-aman-warns-india-not-to-escalate-tension.md) _Context: Kashmir, Pakistan_
3. [India-Pakistan relations: India and Pakistan each expel a diplomat from the other country as tensions grow over Kashmir. ](/news/2016/10/27/india-pakistan-relations-india-and-pakistan-each-expel-a-diplomat-from-the-other-country-as-tensions-grow-over-kashmir.md) _Context: Kashmir, Pakistan_
4. [2016 Afghanistan earthquake: A 6.6 magnitude earthquake occurs in northern Afghanistan near the Pakistan border with tremors felt in north India. ](/news/2016/04/10/2016-afghanistan-earthquake-a-6-6-magnitude-earthquake-occurs-in-northern-afghanistan-near-the-pakistan-border-with-tremors-felt-in-north-i.md) _Context: Pakistan, earthquake_
5. [ A powerful, magnitude 7.2 earthquake has shaken Tajikistan. It was felt as far away as India, Pakistan, and Afghanistan. No damage or casualties have been reported as the epicenter lies within the vast Badakhshan national park. The US Geological Survey describes the area as one of the -most seismically hazardous regions on Earth- because of tectonic activity along shifting fault lines. ](/news/2015/12/7/a-powerful-magnitude-7-2-earthquake-has-shaken-tajikistan-it-was-felt-as-far-away-as-india-pakistan-and-afghanistan-no-damage-or-casua.md) _Context: Pakistan, earthquake_
6. [December 2015 Hindu Kush earthquake: At least 17 people are injured in Peshawar, Pakistan, and five people are hurt in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province after a 6.3-magnitude earthquake hit near the Afghanistan-Tajikistan border. The epicenter is in Afghanistan's quake-prone Ishkashim district, a mountainous area where mainly impoverished farmers live in homes made with mud, according to Peshawar District Officer Muhmand Asim Khan. Other details about damage or casualties are not presently available. ](/news/2015/12/25/december-2015-hindu-kush-earthquake-at-least-17-people-are-injured-in-peshawar-pakistan-and-five-people-are-hurt-in-afghanistan-s-nangarh.md) _Context: Pakistan, earthquake_
7. [2014-15 India-Pakistan border skirmishes: At least two Indian soldiers are killed after Pakistani forces opened fire along the de facto border that divides Kashmir between the two countries. ](/news/2015/11/3/2014-15-india-pakistan-border-skirmishes-at-least-two-indian-soldiers-are-killed-after-pakistani-forces-opened-fire-along-the-de-facto.md) _Context: Kashmir, Pakistan_
8. [2015 Hindu Kush earthquake: Rescuers continue a search for survivors of the earthquake in Afghanistan and Pakistan including in areas controlled by the Taliban. The death toll from the earthquake is 339 with many thousands injured. ](/news/2015/10/27/2015-hindu-kush-earthquake-rescuers-continue-a-search-for-survivors-of-the-earthquake-in-afghanistan-and-pakistan-including-in-areas-contro.md) _Context: Pakistan, earthquake_
9. [2015 India-Pakistan border skirmishes: Kashmir conflict: Indian and Pakistani border guards exchange gunfire over the disputed Kashmir border with nine civilians killed and 63 injured. ](/news/2015/08/28/2015-india-pakistan-border-skirmishes-kashmir-conflict-indian-and-pakistani-border-guards-exchange-gunfire-over-the-disputed-kashmir-borde.md) _Context: Kashmir, Pakistan_
10. [2014-15 India-Pakistan border skirmishes: Kashmir conflict: India and Pakistan trade gunfire over the border in the disputed area of Kashmir leaving eight people killed in the past week. ](/news/2015/08/16/2014-15-india-pakistan-border-skirmishes-kashmir-conflict-india-and-pakistan-trade-gunfire-over-the-border-in-the-disputed-area-of-kas.md) _Context: Kashmir, Pakistan_
