### [2005-10-8](/news/2005/10/8/index.md)

#  2006 FIFA World Cup qualifiers in Germany are: Italy, England, the Netherlands, Portugal, Poland, Croatia, Paraguay, Ecuador, Angola, Togo, Ghana, Tunisia, Ivory Coast and Costa Rica.




### Related:

1. [ In Germany, 378 people (including 122 England fans) are arrested after a violent confrontation between England supporters and Germany supporters in Stuttgart. Approximately 60,000 England supporters are present in Stuttgart for Sunday's World Cup second round game with Ecuador. ](/news/2006/06/24/in-germany-378-people-including-122-england-fans-are-arrested-after-a-violent-confrontation-between-england-supporters-and-germany-suppo.md) _Context: Ecuador, England, Germany, defending champion_
2. [Slovakia defeat defending champion Italy by a 3-2 score; following France's elimination on Tuesday, this marks the first time in World Cup history that both previous finalists fail to progress beyond the first round of play. ](/news/2010/06/24/slovakia-defeat-defending-champion-italy-by-a-3-2-score-following-france-s-elimination-on-tuesday-this-marks-the-first-time-in-world-cup-h.md) _Context: Italy, defending champion_
3. [Ghana eliminate the hosts of the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations Angola following accusations of "intimidatory" tactics carried out by the country's security forces. ](/news/2010/01/24/ghana-eliminate-the-hosts-of-the-2010-africa-cup-of-nations-angola-following-accusations-of-intimidatory-tactics-carried-out-by-the-countr.md) _Context: Angola, Ghana national football team_
4. [ England football coach Steve McClaren and his deputy Terry Venables are sacked after England lose 3-2 to Croatia at Wembley Stadium. ](/news/2007/11/22/england-football-coach-steve-mcclaren-and-his-deputy-terry-venables-are-sacked-after-england-lose-3-2-to-croatia-at-wembley-stadium.md) _Context: Croatia, England_
5. [ 103 Croatians were arrested in Malta following supporter disturbances after a 2006 FIFA World Cup qualifying football match which Croatia unexpectedly failed to win. ](/news/2005/09/8/103-croatians-were-arrested-in-malta-following-supporter-disturbances-after-a-2006-fifa-world-cup-qualifying-football-match-which-croatia-u.md) _Context: Croatia, defending champion_
6. [The Bundestag votes to introduce same-sex marriage in Germany.  With 393 votes in favor and 226 against, including Chancellor Angela Merkel voting against despite previous reports saying she supports same-sex marriage, the law is expected to enter into force before the end of the year. ](/news/2017/06/30/the-bundestag-votes-to-introduce-same-sex-marriage-in-germany-with-393-votes-in-favor-and-226-against-including-chancellor-angela-merkel.md) _Context: Germany_
7. [A shooting occurs at a local train station in the Unterfohring suburb of Munich, Germany. The assailant shot a police officer in the head; she is in critical condition. Backup police engaged in a shootout where the suspect and two bystanders were injured. Police do not believe this is a terrorist attack. ](/news/2017/06/13/a-shooting-occurs-at-a-local-train-station-in-the-unterfaphring-suburb-of-munich-germany-the-assailant-shot-a-police-officer-in-the-head.md) _Context: Germany_
8. [Around 50,000 people are evacuated from the German city of Hanover while bomb disposal experts defuse three bombs dropped by the Royal Air Force during World War II. ](/news/2017/05/7/around-50-000-people-are-evacuated-from-the-german-city-of-hanover-while-bomb-disposal-experts-defuse-three-bombs-dropped-by-the-royal-air-f.md) _Context: Germany_
9. [A suicide bombing occurs in Kabul near the German embassy with at least 90 killed and 461 injured. ](/news/2017/05/31/a-suicide-bombing-occurs-in-kabul-near-the-german-embassy-with-at-least-90-killed-and-461-injured.md) _Context: Germany_
10. [Germany arrests and charges a suspected perpetrator, 28-year-old Sergej W. The federal prosecutor says the suspect held put options on Borussia Dortmund shares. ](/news/2017/04/21/germany-arrests-and-charges-a-suspected-perpetrator-28-year-old-sergej-w-the-federal-prosecutor-says-the-suspect-held-put-options-on-borus.md) _Context: Germany_
