### [2017-03-28](/news/2017/03/28/index.md)

# Simone Gbagbo, the former First Lady of Ivory Coast, is acquitted of crimes against humanity. She remains in prison for a previous conviction for undermining state security. 

Crimes against humanity charges relate to the deadly violence after the 2010 presidential elections.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-39426160)

### Related:

1. [A group of people are arrested in the Peruvian village of Muqui, located in the Andes, after they painted a wall with allusive symbols and messages to the far-left terrorist organization, Shining Path, responsible for crimes against humanity in Peru from 1980 to 1992. Police later clarified that the true intentions of the arrested, some of them students of a technical training institute, were to make a short film. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-group-of-people-are-arrested-in-the-peruvian-village-of-muqui-located-in-the-andes-after-they-painted-a-wall-with-allusive-symbols-and-m.md) _Context: crimes against humanity_
2. [The Extraordinary African Chambers tribunal in Dakar, Senegal, upholds its conviction of former Chadian president Hissene Habre for crimes against humanity, but acquits him of rape. ](/news/2017/04/27/the-extraordinary-african-chambers-tribunal-in-dakar-senegal-upholds-its-conviction-of-former-chadian-president-hissa-ne-habra-c-for-crimes.md) _Context: crimes against humanity_
3. [A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-and-eleven-ot.md) _Context: crimes against humanity_
4. [The United Nations Human Rights Council releases a report detailing mass atrocities by the military and police forces against Myanmar's Rohingya minority, including gang-rapes, mass killings, and possible ethnic cleansing, which could amount to crimes against humanity. ](/news/2017/02/3/the-united-nations-human-rights-council-releases-a-report-detailing-mass-atrocities-by-the-military-and-police-forces-against-myanmar-s-rohi.md) _Context: crimes against humanity_
5. [United Nations officials announce the creation of a new team in Geneva to investigate possible war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide during the Syrian Civil War in order to prepare for future prosecutions of those responsible. ](/news/2017/02/16/united-nations-officials-announce-the-creation-of-a-new-team-in-geneva-to-investigate-possible-war-crimes-crimes-against-humanity-and-genoc.md) _Context: crimes against humanity_
6. [According to Myanmar's military, it has ended its "clearance operation" against the country's Rohingya minority in Rakhine State, which the United Nations says may amount to ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity. ](/news/2017/02/16/according-to-myanmar-s-military-it-has-ended-its-clearance-operation-against-the-country-s-rohingya-minority-in-rakhine-state-which-the.md) _Context: crimes against humanity_
7. [Lawyers of former Chadian President Hissene Habre, who was convicted of crimes against humanity last May and sentenced to life in prison, appeal the verdict, claiming there were irregularities in the trial and question the credibility of some witnesses. ](/news/2017/01/9/lawyers-of-former-chadian-president-hissa-ne-habra-c-who-was-convicted-of-crimes-against-humanity-last-may-and-sentenced-to-life-in-prison.md) _Context: crimes against humanity_
8. [A French court sentences two former Rwandan mayors of the town of Kabarondo to life in prison on charges of crimes against humanity and genocide committed during the Rwandan Genocide in 1994. During the genocide, Hutu extremists massacred over 2,000 Tutsi who sought refuge in the town. ](/news/2016/07/7/a-french-court-sentences-two-former-rwandan-mayors-of-the-town-of-kabarondo-to-life-in-prison-on-charges-of-crimes-against-humanity-and-geno.md) _Context: crimes against humanity_
9. [Judges at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia announce that they will soon deliver their verdict against radical Serb leader Vojislav Seselj, suspected of crimes against humanity committed during the Breakup of Yugoslavia, despite him being sent back to Serbia for medical reasons. Seselj has vowed not to return to court. ](/news/2016/03/17/judges-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-announce-that-they-will-soon-deliver-their-verdict-against-radical-s.md) _Context: crimes against humanity_
10. [Cuba defends North Korea by circulating an amendment to a European-Japanese draft resolution recommending the referral of North Korea to the International Criminal Court for crimes against humanity. ](/news/2014/11/13/cuba-defends-north-korea-by-circulating-an-amendment-to-a-european-japanese-draft-resolution-recommending-the-referral-of-north-korea-to-the.md) _Context: crimes against humanity_
