### [2017-03-28](/news/2017/03/28/index.md)

# U.S. President Trump signs an executive order undoing former President Obama's climate change policies. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-39415631)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Donald Trump accuses former President Barack Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower the month before the 2016 presidential election but offers no evidence to support his claim. A spokesman for President Obama rejects these claims. ](/news/2017/03/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-accuses-former-president-barack-obama-of-wiretapping-trump-tower-the-month-before-the-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Donald Trump_
2. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Donald Trump_
3. [United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions requests the resignations of 46 Barack Obama-era chief federal prosecutors, including United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara, who was previously told to stay on by then President-elect Donald Trump in November. ](/news/2017/03/10/united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-requests-the-resignations-of-46-barack-obama-era-chief-federal-prosecutors-including-united-st.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Donald Trump_
4. [U.S. President Donald Trump issues executive orders to withdraw the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and reinstates the Mexico City Policy, a policy banning  U.S. aid to foreign organizations that use funds from other sources to perform or discuss abortions, which Barack Obama scrapped in 2009. ](/news/2017/01/23/u-s-president-donald-trump-issues-executive-orders-to-withdraw-the-united-states-from-the-trans-pacific-partnership-and-reinstates-the-mex.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Donald Trump_
5. [President-elect of the United States Donald Trump meets with President Barack Obama for the first time at the White House. ](/news/2016/11/10/president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-meets-with-president-barack-obama-for-the-first-time-at-the-white-house.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Donald Trump_
6. [New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg endorses U.S. President Barack Obama over Mitt Romney, citing the need to deal with climate change in the wake of Hurricane Sandy as a reason for his choice. ](/news/2012/11/1/new-york-mayor-michael-bloomberg-endorses-u-s-president-barack-obama-over-mitt-romney-citing-the-need-to-deal-with-climate-change-in-the-w.md) _Context: Barack Obama, climate change_
7. [In response to persistent accusations by potential Republican primary candidate Donald Trump and others, President of the United States Barack Obama releases his long-form birth certificate, certifying his birth in the state of Hawaii. ](/news/2011/04/27/in-response-to-persistent-accusations-by-potential-republican-primary-candidate-donald-trump-and-others-president-of-the-united-states-bara.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Donald Trump_
8. [The Hofstra Arena in Hempstead, New York opens. The arena hosted the final Presidential Debate of the 2008 United States presidential election between John McCain and Barack Obama, as well as, the second debate of the 2012 presidential election between Mitt Romney and Barack Obama, and the first debate of Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump of the 2016 election.](/news/2000/01/2/the-hofstra-arena-in-hempstead-new-york-opens-the-arena-hosted-the-final-presidential-debate-of-the-2008-united-states-presidential-electi.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Donald Trump_
9. [President Donald Trump claims that James Comey lied under oath during his testimony yesterday, and offers to give his own testimony refuting alleged collusion between his campaign and Russia. ](/news/2017/06/9/president-donald-trump-claims-that-james-comey-lied-under-oath-during-his-testimony-yesterday-and-offers-to-give-his-own-testimony-refuting.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
10. [James Comey, the former FBI Director who was dismissed by President Donald Trump last month, appears before the United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. Comey says he believes he was fired because of the FBI investigation into the possible collusion between President Trump's campaign team and Russia's interference in the 2016 elections.](/news/2017/06/8/james-comey-the-former-fbi-director-who-was-dismissed-by-president-donald-trump-last-month-appears-before-the-united-states-senate-select.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
