### [2001-01-20](/news/2001/01/20/index.md)

#  George Walker Bush succeeds Bill Clinton as President of the United States after prevailing over Al Gore in the disputed U.S. presidential election, 2000.




### Related:

1. [U.S. news magazine ''Time'' selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those.md) _Context: Bill Clinton, George W. Bush, United States President_
2. [ Former US Vice President Al Gore blasts President George W. Bush's policy of spying on American citizen conversations with suspected overseas terrorists, saying President Bush "repeatedly and persistently" broke the law in connection with the NSA warrantless surveillance controversy, says the United States Constitution is in danger. ](/news/2006/01/16/former-us-vice-president-al-gore-blasts-president-george-w-bush-s-policy-of-spying-on-american-citizen-conversations-with-suspected-overse.md) _Context: Al Gore, George W. Bush, United States President_
3. [ U.S. presidential election, 2000: Republican challenger and Governor of Texas George W. Bush defeats Democrat Vice President Al Gore by the electoral college, despite Gore winning the popular votes, but the final outcome is not known for over a month because of disputed votes in Florida, until 12 December 2000 the US Supreme Court stop the recount.](/news/2000/11/7/u-s-presidential-election-2000-republican-challenger-and-governor-of-texas-george-w-bush-defeats-democrat-vice-president-al-gore-by-the.md) _Context: Al Gore, George W. Bush, U.S. presidential election, 2000_
4. [The George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas, Texas, is dedicated in the presence of President of the United States Barack Obama, former president George W. Bush and all living former presidents. The complex will be opened to the public on May 1. ](/news/2013/04/25/the-george-w-bush-presidential-center-in-dallas-texas-is-dedicated-in-the-presence-of-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-former.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States President_
5. [Former President of the United States George W. Bush cancels a planned appearance in Switzerland; Human Rights Watch link the cancellation to growing pressure for Bush to be arrested over his approval of waterboarding torture, saying Bush is "avoiding handcuffs". ](/news/2011/02/5/former-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-cancels-a-planned-appearance-in-switzerland-human-rights-watch-link-the-cancellation-t.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States President_
6. [A Saudi Arabian student is arrested in Texas for allegedly planning a terrorist attack against the Dallas home of former President of the United States George W. Bush as a target as well as New York City and dams in California and Colorado. ](/news/2011/02/24/a-saudi-arabian-student-is-arrested-in-texas-for-allegedly-planning-a-terrorist-attack-against-the-dallas-home-of-former-president-of-the-un.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States President_
7. [The President of the United States Barack Obama says that a deal has been reached with the Republican Party to extend the Bush era tax cuts. ](/news/2010/12/6/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-says-that-a-deal-has-been-reached-with-the-republican-party-to-extend-the-bush-era-tax-cuts.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States President_
8. [Former U.S. President Bill Clinton has two coronary stents implanted in his heart at the NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital in New York City, after chest pains. ](/news/2010/02/11/former-u-s-president-bill-clinton-has-two-coronary-stents-implanted-in-his-heart-at-the-newyorkapresbyterian-hospital-in-new-york-city-a.md) _Context: Bill Clinton, United States President_
9. [ Two United States journalists, Laura Ling and Euna Lee, who had been detained by North Korea, return home with former U.S. President Bill Clinton. ](/news/2009/08/5/two-united-states-journalists-laura-ling-and-euna-lee-who-had-been-detained-by-north-korea-return-home-with-former-u-s-president-bill-c.md) _Context: Bill Clinton, United States President_
10. [ Former United States President Bill Clinton arrives in Pyongyang, North Korea, and secures the freedom of two detained American journalists, Laura Ling and Euna Lee. ](/news/2009/08/4/former-united-states-president-bill-clinton-arrives-in-pyongyang-north-korea-and-secures-the-freedom-of-two-detained-american-journalists.md) _Context: Bill Clinton, United States President_
