### [2012-06-22](/news/2012/06/22/index.md)

# NATO-backed Afghan security forces end a 12-hour siege carried out by Taliban insurgents on the Spozhmai Hotel outside Kabul, killing all five insurgents. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-18545884)

### Related:

1. [Taliban insurgents attack the United States embassy, NATO headquarters and police buildings in the Afghan capital Kabul. ](/news/2011/09/13/taliban-insurgents-attack-the-united-states-embassy-nato-headquarters-and-police-buildings-in-the-afghan-capital-kabul.md) _Context: Afghan, Kabul, NATO, Taliban_
2. [Russian Special Envoy to Afghanistan Zamir Kabulov denies allegations by NATO Commander Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti that Russia was "perhaps" supplying the Taliban. ](/news/2017/03/24/russian-special-envoy-to-afghanistan-zamir-kabulov-denies-allegations-by-nato-commander-gen-curtis-scaparrotti-that-russia-was-perhaps-su.md) _Context: Afghan, NATO, Taliban_
3. [The Taliban, in a statement claiming responsibility for yesterday's rocket attacks into Kabul, Afghanistan, says the intended target was U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, who was in the capital to help defuse a crisis within the unity government.  Kerry had departed less than an hour earlier. No casualties have been reported. ](/news/2016/04/10/the-taliban-in-a-statement-claiming-responsibility-for-yesterday-s-rocket-attacks-into-kabul-afghanistan-says-the-intended-target-was-u-s.md) _Context: Afghan, Kabul, Taliban_
4. [A car bomb near Kabul's Hamid Karzai International Airport, that was targeting  a NATO convoy passing  through the area, kills one civilian and injures 33 others.  The Taliban claim responsibility. ](/news/2015/12/28/a-car-bomb-near-kabul-s-hamid-karzai-international-airport-that-was-targeting-a-nato-convoy-passing-through-the-area-kills-one-civilian.md) _Context: Kabul, NATO, Taliban_
5. [Carrying coffins holding the beheaded bodies of seven ethnic Hazara, thousands of demonstrators from  Afghanistan's different ethnic groups - Pashtun, Tajik, Uzbek, and Hazara -  march on the  Presidential Palace in Kabul,  urging the government to take action against the rising violence against Afghan civilians. The murders, which the United Nations denounced as a potential war crime, have fueled a growing sense of insecurity since the Taliban briefly seized control of  Kunduz in late September. ](/news/2015/11/11/carrying-coffins-holding-the-beheaded-bodies-of-seven-ethnic-hazara-thousands-of-demonstrators-from-afghanistan-s-different-ethnic-groups.md) _Context: Afghan, Kabul, Taliban_
6. [An earthquake  measuring 7.5 on the Moment magnitude scale (MMS) strikes in the Hindu Kush mountain range in northeastern Afghanistan,  158 miles from Kabul, in the remote province of Badakhshan, one of Afghanistan's most inaccessible regions. Tremors reached as far as New Delhi, India. At least 263 are dead in Afghanistan and nearby northern Pakistan with more than 1,000 injured. The death toll will likely climb since communications in much of the affected areas are cut, and rescue teams had not yet reached districts closest to the epicenter, including some that are controlled by Taliban insurgents. ](/news/2015/10/26/an-earthquake-measuring-7-5-on-the-moment-magnitude-scale-mms-strikes-in-the-hindu-kush-mountain-range-in-northeastern-afghanistan-158.md) _Context: Afghan, Kabul, Taliban_
7. [An overnight attack on Camp Integrity in Kabul leaves one NATO service member killed, along with eight support staff and two Taliban insurgents. ](/news/2015/08/8/an-overnight-attack-on-camp-integrity-in-kabul-leaves-one-nato-service-member-killed-along-with-eight-support-staff-and-two-taliban-insurge.md) _Context: Kabul, NATO, Taliban_
8. [A suicide car bomber hits the headquarters of EUPOL Afghanistan in Kabul, Afghanistan, killing one person and injuring five others. The Taliban have claimed responsibility. ](/news/2015/01/5/a-suicide-car-bomber-hits-the-headquarters-of-eupol-afghanistan-in-kabul-afghanistan-killing-one-person-and-injuring-five-others-the-tali.md) _Context: Afghan, Kabul, Taliban_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):Seven heavily armed Taliban militants launch a coordinated attack near the main international airport of the Afghan capital, Kabul, and seize a five-story building under construction nearby.  Afghan security forces retake the building, killing all seven militants and sustaining no military or civilian casualties. ](/news/2013/06/10/war-in-afghanistan-2001apresent-pseven-heavily-armed-taliban-militants-launch-a-coordinated-attack-near-the-main-international-airport-o.md) _Context: Afghan, Kabul, Taliban_
10. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):A NATO adviser is shot dead by a woman in police uniform in Kabul, and at least five Afghan policemen are killed by another officer in northern Afghanistan. ](/news/2012/12/24/war-in-afghanistan-2001apresent-pa-nato-adviser-is-shot-dead-by-a-woman-in-police-uniform-in-kabul-and-at-least-five-afghan-policemen-a.md) _Context: Afghan, Kabul, NATO_
