### [2012-06-22](/news/2012/06/22/index.md)

# Sinn Fein's Martin McGuinness will shake hands with Elizabeth II at a historic first meeting between a British Monarch and member of Sinn Fein during the Queen's forthcoming trip to Northern Ireland. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-18552221)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/61086000/jpg/_61086001_queenmcguinness.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Britain's Queen Elizabeth II and former IRA commander and Sinn Fein deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland Martin McGuinness shake hands at a historic meeting in Belfast. ](/news/2012/06/27/britain-s-queen-elizabeth-ii-and-former-ira-commander-and-sinn-fa-c-in-deputy-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-martin-mcguinness-shake-hands.md) _Context: Elizabeth II, Martin McGuinness, Northern Ireland_
2. [Sinn Fein announces that Martin McGuinness, current Deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland and former Irish Republican Army commander, will be a candidate for the Irish presidential election with John O'Dowd serving as acting Deputy First Minister. ](/news/2011/09/18/sinn-fein-announces-that-martin-mcguinness-current-deputy-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-and-former-irish-republican-army-commander-wi.md) _Context: Martin McGuinness, Northern Ireland, Sinn Fin_
3. [Northern Irish voters go to the polls to elect their new MLA representatives after a snap election was called following the resignation of Deputy First minister Martin McGuinness of Sinn Fin over the mishandling by Democratic Unionist Party over the recent Renewable Heat Incentive scandal. ](/news/2017/03/2/northern-irish-voters-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-their-new-mla-representatives-after-a-snap-election-was-called-following-the-resignation-of-d.md) _Context: Martin McGuinness, Sinn Fin_
4. [Sinn Fein's Martin McGuinness, the Deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland accepts an invitation to attend several events during the forthcoming State visit of Irish President Michael D. Higgins to the United Kingdom, including a banquet to be held by Elizabeth II at Windsor Castle. ](/news/2014/04/5/sinn-fa-c-inas-martin-mcguinness-the-deputy-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-accepts-an-invitation-to-attend-several-events-during-the-fo.md) _Context: Elizabeth II, Martin McGuinness_
5. [DUP leader and Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson dismisses calls from Sinn Fin for a Scotland-style referendum on independence for Northern Ireland, telling his party's annual conference that a majority of Catholics want Northern Ireland to stay part of the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/11/24/dup-leader-and-northern-ireland-first-minister-peter-robinson-dismisses-calls-from-sinn-fein-for-a-scotland-style-referendum-on-independence.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Sinn Fin_
6. [Sinn Fin's officer board gives its approval to put forward Northern Ireland's Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness as a candidate for the 2011 Irish presidential election. ](/news/2011/09/16/sinn-fein-s-officer-board-gives-its-approval-to-put-forward-northern-ireland-s-deputy-first-minister-martin-mcguinness-as-a-candidate-for-th.md) _Context: Martin McGuinness, Sinn Fin_
7. [Former Northern Irish First Minister Peter Robinson, leader of the Democratic Unionist Party, tells "The Sunday Times" that the conduct of his wife, politician Iris Robinson, with her young lover has led him to shake hands with deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness (Sinn Fein) for the first time. ](/news/2010/01/17/former-northern-irish-first-minister-peter-robinson-leader-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-tells-the-sunday-times-that-the-conduct-of-h.md) _Context: Martin McGuinness, Northern Ireland_
8. [ United States President Barack Obama meets Irish Taoiseach Brian Cowen and Northern Irish First Minister Peter Robinson and Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness at the White House. ](/news/2009/03/17/united-states-president-barack-obama-meets-irish-taoiseach-brian-cowen-and-northern-irish-first-minister-peter-robinson-and-deputy-first-mi.md) _Context: Martin McGuinness, Northern Ireland_
9. [ Home rule returns to Northern Ireland. DUP leader Ian Paisley and Sinn Fein's Martin McGuinness take office as First Minister and Deputy First Minister, respectively. ](/news/2007/05/8/home-rule-returns-to-northern-ireland-dup-leader-ian-paisley-and-sinn-fa-c-in-s-martin-mcguinness-take-office-as-first-minister-and-deputy-f.md) _Context: Martin McGuinness, Northern Ireland_
10. [ The Blair Government introduces legislation into the Parliament of the United Kingdom to facilitate a power-sharing agreement in Northern Ireland between Ian Paisley's Democratic Unionist Party and Sinn Fin. ](/news/2007/03/27/the-blair-government-introduces-legislation-into-the-parliament-of-the-united-kingdom-to-facilitate-a-power-sharing-agreement-in-northern-i.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Sinn Fin_
