### [2012-06-22](/news/2012/06/22/index.md)

# South China Sea dispute:China criticizes Vietnam for passing a law that claims sovereignty of the Spratly Islands. 




### Source:

1. [Philippine Daily Inquirer](http://globalnation.inquirer.net/40967/china-urges-philippines-to-refrain-from-stirring-public-opinion)
2. [The Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/world/china-gets-tough-as-vietnam-claims-disputed-islands-20120622-20th6.html)

### Related:

1. [Anti-China protests take place in Vietnam amid tensions over the disputed Spratly Islands part of the South China Sea dispute. ](/news/2012/07/8/anti-china-protests-take-place-in-vietnam-amid-tensions-over-the-disputed-spratly-islands-part-of-the-south-china-sea-dispute.md) _Context: South China Sea dispute, Spratly Islands, Vietnam_
2. [China's People's Liberation Army Air Force says it has conducted "combat patrols" near the disputed Spratly Islands and Scarborough Shoal in the South China Sea as part of an effort to normalize such drills and respond to security threats. Xian H-6 strategic bombers and Su-30 fighter jets took part in the patrols, according to Xinhua News Agency. ](/news/2016/08/6/china-s-people-s-liberation-army-air-force-says-it-has-conducted-combat-patrols-near-the-disputed-spratly-islands-and-scarborough-shoal-in.md) _Context: Chinese, Spratly Islands_
3. [Vietnam seizes a Chinese fishing vessel for intruding in its waters and tows the vessel to the port of Hai Phong. ](/news/2016/04/4/vietnam-seizes-a-chinese-fishing-vessel-for-intruding-in-its-waters-and-tows-the-vessel-to-the-port-of-hai-phong.md) _Context: Chinese, Vietnam_
4. [Presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte says he will set aside the Philippine claim on the Spratly islands and forge better economic relations with China. ](/news/2016/04/15/presidential-candidate-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-will-set-aside-the-philippine-claim-on-the-spratly-islands-and-forge-better-economic-relation.md) _Context: Chinese, Spratly Islands_
5. [Philippines Foreign Secretary Albert del Rosario says Chinese coast guard ships that were sighted two weeks ago near the disputed Jackson Atoll in the northeast Dangerous Ground are no longer there today.  Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hong Lei said ships were dispatched to the area in late 2015 to salvage a fishing vessel that posed a risk to navigation. Chinese ships, "... persuaded fishing boats to leave the waters in an effort to ensure safety conditions for normal navigation," Hong said.  In addition to  China and the Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Taiwan, and Brunei also lay claim to the Spratly Islands waters. ](/news/2016/03/2/philippines-foreign-secretary-albert-del-rosario-says-chinese-coast-guard-ships-that-were-sighted-two-weeks-ago-near-the-disputed-jackson-at.md) _Context: Spratly Islands, Vietnam_
6. [Admiral John Richardson says the United States has seen Chinese activity around Scarborough Shoal, which China seized from the Philippines nearly four years ago, in the northern part of the Spratly archipelago of the South China Sea. An  international court ruling  on a case brought by the Philippines against China over its South China Sea claims is expected within a month. ](/news/2016/03/17/admiral-john-richardson-says-the-united-states-has-seen-chinese-activity-around-scarborough-shoal-which-china-seized-from-the-philippines-n.md) _Context: Chinese, Spratly Islands_
7. [Vietnam is reported to be preparing for a possible military conflict with China over territorial claims in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/12/20/vietnam-is-reported-to-be-preparing-for-a-possible-military-conflict-with-china-over-territorial-claims-in-the-south-china-sea.md) _Context: Chinese, Vietnam_
8. [A U.S. B-52 long-range bomber on a routine mission over the South China Sea mistakenly flew within two nautical miles of an artificial island built by China near the Cuarteron Reef in the disputed Spratly Islands archipelago, according to a senior U.S. defense official. The Chinese Defense Ministry issues a statement accusing the U.S. of deliberately raising tensions in the disputed region. ](/news/2015/12/18/a-u-s-b-52-long-range-bomber-on-a-routine-mission-over-the-south-china-sea-mistakenly-flew-within-two-nautical-miles-of-an-artificial-islan.md) _Context: Chinese, Spratly Islands_
9. [U.S. officials say the U.S. Navy deliberately avoided military drills or other actions that could have further inflamed tensions with Beijing during the USS Lassen's patrol in the South China Sea last week.  For instance, the Lassen turned off its fire-control radars while transiting within 12 nautical miles of Subi Reef. On its part, the Chinese destroyer following the Lassen was, "very cordial the entire time ...  before and after the Spratly Islands transit," said the Lassen's commanding officer, Commander Robert Francis. ](/news/2015/11/6/u-s-officials-say-the-u-s-navy-deliberately-avoided-military-drills-or-other-actions-that-could-have-further-inflamed-tensions-with-beijin.md) _Context: Chinese, Spratly Islands_
10. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea, U.S. Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter and his counterpart from Malaysia, Hishammuddin Hussein, will visit the USS Theodore Roosevelt (CVN-71) as it cruises in the South China Sea, this in the wake of China's dismay over a U.S. Navy ship's sailing in the vicinity of artificial islands constructed by China in the Spratly Islands. ](/news/2015/11/4/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-u-s-secretary-of-defense-ashton-carter-and-his-counterpart-from-malaysia-hishammuddin-hussein.md) _Context: Chinese, Spratly Islands_
