### [2010-01-6](/news/2010/01/6/index.md)

# Ex-Cabinet Ministers Geoff Hoon and Patricia Hewitt call for a secret ballot to settle the debate over the leadership of the Labour Party of British Prime Minister Gordon Brown. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/8443769.stm)

### Related:

1. [ United Kingdom Prime Minister Gordon Brown shuffles the Cabinet: [http://www.rte.ie/news/2009/0605/ukpolitics.html (RTE)] Secretary of State for Transport Geoff Hoon announces his resignation. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/politics/gordon-brown/5453348/Geoff-Hoon-resigns-as-pressure-mounts-on-Gordon-Brown.html (''Daily Telegraph'')] Minister of State for Europe Caroline Flint announces her resignation. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/politics/8084501.stm (BBC)] Minister of State for Housing and Planning Margaret Beckett announces her resignation. [http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory?id=7762196 (ABC)] Minister of State for Employment and Welfare Reform Tony McNulty announces his resignation. [http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/Politics/Gordon-Browns-Reshuffle-Defence-Secretary-Quits-Andy-Burnham-Heads-To-Health/Article/200906115296531?lpos=Politics_First_UK_News_Article_Teaser_Region_1&lid=ARTICLE_15296531_Gordon_Browns_Reshuffle%3A_Defence_Secretary_Quits%2C_Andy_Burnham_Heads_To_Health (Sky News)] Bob Ainsworth replaces John Hutton as Secretary of State for Defence. [http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/politics/article6436610.ece (''Times'')] Chief Secretary to the Treasury Yvette Cooper replaces James Purnell as Secretary of State for Work and Pensions. [http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2009/jun/05/yvette-cooper-profile (''Guardian'')] Alan Sugar becomes "Enterprise Tsar" and receives a position in the House of Lords. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/politics/gordon-brown/5451354/Sir-Alan-Sugar-to-become-Enterprise-Tsar.html (''Daily Telegraph'')] John Denham replaces Hazel Blears as Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government. [http://www.google.com/hostednews/ukpress/article/ALeqM5hjLbfpu2UBV6VxgNSl58quyI5Tow (PA via Google News)] Secretary of State for Health Alan Johnson replaces Jacqui Smith as Home Secretary. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/politics/8084501.stm (BBC)] av](/news/2009/06/5/united-kingdom-prime-minister-gordon-brown-shuffles-the-cabinet-http-www-rte-ie-news-2009-0605-ukpolitics-html-rta-p-secretary-of-st.md) _Context: British Cabinet, Geoff Hoon, Gordon Brown, Prime Minster_
2. [The Conservative Party's David Cameron kisses the hands of Queen Elizabeth II to become Prime Minister of the United Kingdom after Gordon Brown resigns as Prime Minister and as Leader of the British Labour Party. ](/news/2010/05/11/the-conservative-party-s-david-cameron-kisses-the-hands-of-queen-elizabeth-ii-to-become-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-after-gordon-br.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Labour Party, Prime Minster_
3. [ Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown denies rumours concerning his health as the British Labour Party gathers for its conference in Brighton, expressing his amazement with Andrew Marr of the BBC for questioning him live on television. ](/news/2009/09/27/prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-gordon-brown-denies-rumours-concerning-his-health-as-the-british-labour-party-gathers-for-its-conferen.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Labour Party, Prime Minster_
4. [ Former United Kingdom Cabinet Ministers Hazel Blears, James Purnell, John Hutton, and Caroline Flint coordinated their resignations to compel Prime Minister Gordon Brown to also resign. ](/news/2009/06/7/former-united-kingdom-cabinet-ministers-hazel-blears-james-purnell-john-hutton-and-caroline-flint-coordinated-their-resignations-to-comp.md) _Context: British Cabinet, Gordon Brown, Prime Minster_
5. [ Labour Party Members of the United Kingdom's Parliament circulate an e-mail that requests Prime Minister Gordon Brown's resignation. ](/news/2009/06/3/labour-party-members-of-the-united-kingdom-s-parliament-circulate-an-e-mail-that-requests-prime-minister-gordon-brown-s-resignation.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Labour Party, Prime Minster_
6. [ ''Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-pa.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Patricia Hewitt, Prime Minster_
7. [ On the eve of Gordon Brown's assuming office as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, Conservative Member of Parliament Quentin Davies defects to the Labour Party. ](/news/2007/06/26/on-the-eve-of-gordon-brown-s-assuming-office-as-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-conservative-member-of-parliament-quentin-davies-defe.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Labour Party, Prime Minster_
8. [ ''Government of the United Kingdom:'' Gordon Brown becomes the Leader of the Labour Party, replacing Prime Minister Tony Blair. Brown will replace Blair on 27 June. ](/news/2007/06/24/government-of-the-united-kingdom-p-gordon-brown-becomes-the-leader-of-the-labour-party-replacing-prime-minister-tony-blair-brown-will.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Labour Party, Prime Minster_
9. [ Gordon Brown is confirmed as the next leader of the British Labour Party, taking effect on 24 June. Brown will succeed Tony Blair as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom when he kisses the hand of Queen Elizabeth II on 27 June. ](/news/2007/05/17/gordon-brown-is-confirmed-as-the-next-leader-of-the-british-labour-party-taking-effect-on-24-june-brown-will-succeed-tony-blair-as-prime.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Labour Party, Prime Minster_
10. [ Following significant Labour Party losses in the English local elections, British Prime Minister Tony Blair announces the largest Cabinet reshuffle of his tenure. The  changes include sacking embattled Home Secretary Charles Clarke, the demotion of long-serving Foreign Secretary Jack Straw, and the stripping from Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott of his departmental portfolio. ](/news/2006/05/5/following-significant-labour-party-losses-in-the-english-local-elections-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-announces-the-largest-cabinet-r.md) _Context: British Cabinet, Labour Party, Prime Minster_
