### [2010-01-6](/news/2010/01/6/index.md)

# Iris Robinson, the wife of Northern Ireland's First Minister, admits having previously attempted suicide. Her husband Peter Robinson gives an emotional interview in which he speaks of being "deeply hurt" after learning of her extramarital affair. 

The wife of Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson tried to kill herself after confessing to her husband that she had an affair.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/northern_ireland/8444153.stm)
2. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2010/0106/robinson.html)
3. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2010/0106/robinsonquestions.html)

### Related:

1. [Former Northern Irish First Minister Peter Robinson, leader of the Democratic Unionist Party, tells "The Sunday Times" that the conduct of his wife, politician Iris Robinson, with her young lover has led him to shake hands with deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness (Sinn Fein) for the first time. ](/news/2010/01/17/former-northern-irish-first-minister-peter-robinson-leader-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-tells-the-sunday-times-that-the-conduct-of-h.md) _Context: Iris Robinson, Northern Ireland, Peter Robinson, deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland_
2. [Northern Ireland's First Minister Peter Robinson temporarily hands over his position to Arlene Foster in the wake of the ongoing political scandal surrounding his wife and fellow politician Iris Robinson.](/news/2010/01/11/northern-ireland-s-first-minister-peter-robinson-temporarily-hands-over-his-position-to-arlene-foster-in-the-wake-of-the-ongoing-political-s.md) _Context: Iris Robinson, Northern Ireland, Peter Robinson, deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland_
3. [The BBC's "Spotlight" programme reveals that Iris Robinson, former UK MP and wife of the First Minister of Northern Ireland, helped a 19 year old male who she was having a relationship with receive funding for a business project. ](/news/2010/01/7/the-bbc-s-spotlight-programme-reveals-that-iris-robinson-former-uk-mp-and-wife-of-the-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-helped-a-19-yea.md) _Context: Iris Robinson, Northern Ireland, deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland_
4. [ First Minister of Northern Ireland Peter Robinson holds separate talks with both sides in the dispute over the Drumcree conflict. ](/news/2009/07/5/first-minister-of-northern-ireland-peter-robinson-holds-separate-talks-with-both-sides-in-the-dispute-over-the-drumcree-conflict.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Peter Robinson, deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland_
5. [ United States President Barack Obama meets Irish Taoiseach Brian Cowen and Northern Irish First Minister Peter Robinson and Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness at the White House. ](/news/2009/03/17/united-states-president-barack-obama-meets-irish-taoiseach-brian-cowen-and-northern-irish-first-minister-peter-robinson-and-deputy-first-mi.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Peter Robinson, deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland_
6. [Peter Robinson announces he will step down as Northern Ireland's First Minister and as leader of the Democratic Unionist Party, corresponding with recent tensions in the area and a murder linked with the Irish Republican Army. ](/news/2015/11/19/peter-robinson-announces-he-will-step-down-as-northern-ireland-s-first-minister-and-as-leader-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-correspondin.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Peter Robinson_
7. [Peter Robinson, the First Minister of Northern Ireland, steps aside after the Democratic Unionist Party fails to get enough support to adjourn the assembly. ](/news/2015/09/10/peter-robinson-the-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-steps-aside-after-the-democratic-unionist-party-fails-to-get-enough-support-to-adjou.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Peter Robinson_
8. [DUP leader and Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson dismisses calls from Sinn Fin for a Scotland-style referendum on independence for Northern Ireland, telling his party's annual conference that a majority of Catholics want Northern Ireland to stay part of the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/11/24/dup-leader-and-northern-ireland-first-minister-peter-robinson-dismisses-calls-from-sinn-fein-for-a-scotland-style-referendum-on-independence.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Peter Robinson_
9. [Sinn Fein announces that Martin McGuinness, current Deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland and former Irish Republican Army commander, will be a candidate for the Irish presidential election with John O'Dowd serving as acting Deputy First Minister. ](/news/2011/09/18/sinn-fein-announces-that-martin-mcguinness-current-deputy-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-and-former-irish-republican-army-commander-wi.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland_
10. [An investigation by the consultancy firm Deloitte clears Iris Robinson, the wife of the Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson, of any wrongdoing over a council contract which was awarded to an individual with whom she was conducting an affair. ](/news/2011/08/26/an-investigation-by-the-consultancy-firm-deloitte-clears-iris-robinson-the-wife-of-the-northern-ireland-first-minister-peter-robinson-of-a.md) _Context: Iris Robinson, Peter Robinson_
