### [2006-05-25](/news/2006/05/25/index.md)

#  Former Enron executives Kenneth Lay and Jeffrey Skilling are found criminally guilty for their role in the demise of the now-defunct energy-trading firm. 

Kenneth L. Lay and Jeffrey K. Skilling were found guilty of fraud and conspiracy today. Sentencing is set for the week of Sept. 11.


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2006/05/25/business/25cnd-enron.html)
1. [Cover Image](https://static01.nyt.com/images/2006/05/25/business/25enron75.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Ex-CEO of Enron Jeffrey Skilling is in talks with federal prosecutors to discuss a reduction in his sentence. ](/news/2013/04/4/ex-ceo-of-enron-jeffrey-skilling-is-in-talks-with-federal-prosecutors-to-discuss-a-reduction-in-his-sentence.md) _Context: Enron, Jeffrey Skilling_
2. [ Jeffrey Skilling is sentenced to 24 years, 4 months in prison for his role in the collapse of Enron, concluding the Trial of Kenneth Lay and Jeffrey Skilling. ](/news/2006/10/23/jeffrey-skilling-is-sentenced-to-24-years-4-months-in-prison-for-his-role-in-the-collapse-of-enron-concluding-the-trial-of-kenneth-lay-an.md) _Context: Enron, Jeffrey Skilling_
3. [Addressing the death of Kenneth Lay, U.S. President George W. Bush states that he hopes Lay, one of the men convicted in the collapse of Enron, "was right with the Lord". ](/news/2006/07/6/addressing-the-death-of-kenneth-lay-u-s-president-george-w-bush-states-that-he-hopes-lay-one-of-the-men-convicted-in-the-collapse-of-enr.md) _Context: Enron, Kenneth Lay_
4. [ Former Enron executive Kenneth Lay has died of a heart attack at the age of 64. ](/news/2006/07/5/former-enron-executive-kenneth-lay-has-died-of-a-heart-attack-at-the-age-of-64.md) _Context: Enron, Kenneth Lay_
5. [ Kenneth Lay, the former Chairman of Enron, is indicted by a grand jury in Houston, Texas. Enron filed for bankruptcy on December 2, 2001, after investigators discovered that it had hidden more than $1 billion in debt and inflated profits. ](/news/2004/07/7/kenneth-lay-the-former-chairman-of-enron-is-indicted-by-a-grand-jury-in-houston-texas-enron-filed-for-bankruptcy-on-december-2-2001-a.md) _Context: Enron, Kenneth Lay_
6. [ Former Enron CEO Jeffrey Skilling surrenders to the FBI in Houston and is arraigned on charges of fraud and insider trading. Skilling pleads not guilty and the judge sets bail at $5 million and confiscates Skilling's passport. ](/news/2004/02/19/former-enron-ceo-jeffrey-skilling-surrenders-to-the-fbi-in-houston-and-is-arraigned-on-charges-of-fraud-and-insider-trading-skilling-plead.md) _Context: Enron, Jeffrey Skilling_
7. ["Time" announced that its "Persons of the Year" are three female whistleblowers - Coleen Rowley, FBI agent who wrote a memorandum to FBI Director Robert Mueller claiming that the Minneapolis office had been remiss in its investigation of suspected terrorist Zacarias Moussaoui; Cynthia Cooper, former WorldCom auditor, who alerted the company's Board of Directors of accounting irregularities; and Sherron Watkins, former Enron Vice President, who reported to the company's former Chairman Kenneth Lay in 2001 that the company was about to collapse as a result of false accounting.](/news/2002/12/22/time-announced-that-its-persons-of-the-year-are-three-female-whistleblowers-a-coleen-rowley-fbi-agent-who-wrote-a-memorandum-to-fbi-d.md) _Context: Enron, Kenneth Lay_
8. [Jeff Skilling, former CEO of Enron, loses his appeal against his conviction for fraud in the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. ](/news/2011/04/6/jeff-skilling-former-ceo-of-enron-loses-his-appeal-against-his-conviction-for-fraud-in-the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-fifth-ci.md) _Context: Enron_
9. [ Richard Causey, former Chief Accounting Officer at Enron is sentenced to 66 months or five and a half years in prison for his role in the collapse of the company. ](/news/2006/11/15/richard-causey-former-chief-accounting-officer-at-enron-is-sentenced-to-66-months-or-five-and-a-half-years-in-prison-for-his-role-in-the-c.md) _Context: Enron_
10. [ Current Bolivian Minister of Hydrocarbons Andres Soliz Rada asks Bolivia's chief prosecutor to issue charges against former heads of Enron, its subsidiary Prisma Energy International, former President of Bolivia Gonzalo Sanchez de Lozada, former Vice President Victor Hugo Cardenas, former Enron director for Bolivia Peter E. Weidler, several ministers during Sanchez's 1993-1997 presidency, and former executives of Bolivia's state oil company for "contracts damaging to the state, contravening the constitution and falsification of contracts." Lozada is charged with genocide for his role in the Bolivian Gas War. ](/news/2006/06/24/current-bolivian-minister-of-hydrocarbons-andra-c-s-soliz-rada-asks-boliviaas-chief-prosecutor-to-issue-charges-against-former-heads-of-enr.md) _Context: Enron_
