### [2006-05-25](/news/2006/05/25/index.md)

#  Human Rights Watch discovers that on April 12 and April 13, 2006, Sudanese soldiers and Chadian rebels massacred 118 civilians in the city of Djawara with machetes and then buried them in mass graves. If the allegations are true, then the Sudanese government has sponsored genocide in Chad, and it has violated the Tripoli Accord. 




### Source:

1. [VOA News](http://www.voanews.com/english/2006-05-25-voa23.cfm)

### Related:

1. [ The United Front for Democratic Change has attacked and gained control of the cities of Haraze Mangueigne, Am Timan, and Abou-Deia, in Chad. Their initial attack came from northern Central African Republic with the help of the Military of Sudan. This is the largest and most successful attack since the start of the Chadian-Sudanese conflict despite taking only an hour, with only four men injured and none killed because the Chadian military has either fled or refused to fight the rebels. ](/news/2006/04/8/the-united-front-for-democratic-change-has-attacked-and-gained-control-of-the-cities-of-haraze-mangueigne-am-timan-and-abou-deia-in-chad.md) _Context: Chad, Chadian rebels, Sudanese military_
2. [ Human Rights Watch estimates that several hundred civilians in eastern Chad have been massacred by Sudanese Janjaweed and UFDC attacks in the past week alone. HRW also accuses the Government of Sudan of using child soldiers. HRW Africa Director Peter Takirambudde refers to the attacks as "havoc," and that civilians "are trapped between the carnage in Darfur and Chad's downward spiral into chaos." ](/news/2006/06/23/human-rights-watch-estimates-that-several-hundred-civilians-in-eastern-chad-have-been-massacred-by-sudanese-janjaweed-and-ufdc-attacks-in-t.md) _Context: Chad, Human Rights Watch_
3. [ Mahamat Nouri, until recently the Chadian ambassador to Saudi Arabia, who has previously served as the Chadian Defense Minister, defects to Sudan and joins the United Front for Democratic Change rebels. ](/news/2006/05/6/mahamat-nouri-until-recently-the-chadian-ambassador-to-saudi-arabia-who-has-previously-served-as-the-chadian-defense-minister-defects-to.md) _Context: Chad, Chadian rebels_
4. [ Battle of N'Djamena: The United Front for Democratic Change's attack on the Chadian capital of N'Djamena is repelled by the Chadian army. ](/news/2006/04/13/battle-of-n-djamena-the-united-front-for-democratic-change-s-attack-on-the-chadian-capital-of-n-djamena-is-repelled-by-the-chadian-army.md) _Context: Chad, Chadian rebels_
5. [ United Front for Democratic Change rebels approach N'Djamena, the capital of Chad. ](/news/2006/04/12/united-front-for-democratic-change-rebels-approach-n-djamena-the-capital-of-chad.md) _Context: Chad, Chadian rebels_
6. [ Over 150 Chadian soldiers are killed in eastern Chad by members of the rebel UFDC.  The growing rebel movement seeks to overthrow Chadian president Idriss Deby.  ](/news/2006/03/21/over-150-chadian-soldiers-are-killed-in-eastern-chad-by-members-of-the-rebel-ufdc-the-growing-rebel-movement-seeks-to-overthrow-chadian-p.md) _Context: Chad, Chadian rebels_
7. [A report by Human Rights Watch and interACT Advocates for Intersex Youth calls for a U.S. moratorium on all surgical procedures on intersex children because they are medically unnecessary and can scar young patients for life. ](/news/2017/07/25/a-report-by-human-rights-watch-and-interact-advocates-for-intersex-youth-calls-for-a-u-s-moratorium-on-all-surgical-procedures-on-intersex.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
8. [The Extraordinary African Chambers tribunal in Dakar, Senegal, upholds its conviction of former Chadian president Hissene Habre for crimes against humanity, but acquits him of rape. ](/news/2017/04/27/the-extraordinary-african-chambers-tribunal-in-dakar-senegal-upholds-its-conviction-of-former-chadian-president-hissa-ne-habra-c-for-crimes.md) _Context: Chad_
9. [Arms trader Jacques Monsieur is to defend himself again at a Brussels court against accusations of arms trafficking to Libya, Chad, Guinea-Bissau, Pakistan and Iran between 2006 and 2009. ](/news/2017/04/21/arms-trader-jacques-monsieur-is-to-defend-himself-again-at-a-brussels-court-against-accusations-of-arms-trafficking-to-libya-chad-guinea-b.md) _Context: Chad_
10. [Israel denies entry to Omar Shakir, a researcher for Human Rights Watch and an American citizen, because the organization  engages in so-called Palestinian propaganda. HRW's Sari Bashi said, "This Israeli government has been narrowing the space for democratic activity,"  by closing the country off to critics.  Later, the Israel government  would grant Mr. Shakir a tourist visa while considering HRW's appeal on the work visa. ](/news/2017/02/24/israel-denies-entry-to-omar-shakir-a-researcher-for-human-rights-watch-and-an-american-citizen-because-the-organization-engages-in-so-cal.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
