### [2016-11-2](/news/2016/11/2/index.md)

#  In American Major League Baseball, the Chicago Cubs defeat the Cleveland Indians 8-7 in 10 innings, winning the Series 4-3 and claiming their first MLB title since 1908. The Cubs' Ben Zobrist is named series MVP. Cubs win game 7 and the title in the early hours of November 3rd, 2016. 

The Chicago Cubs won their first World Series championship since 1908 after Ben Zobrist hit a go-ahead double in the 10th inning to beat the Cleveland Indians 8-7 in a thrilling Game 7.


### Source:

1. [AP via ESPN](http://www.espn.com/mlb/recap?gameId=361102105)

### Related:

1. [The Chicago Cubs defeat the Cleveland Indians 3 runs to 2 at Illinois' Wrigley Field in Game 5 of the 2016 World Series to avoid elimination and force a Game 6 with the series standing at 3 games to 2 in favor of the Cleveland Indians. It is the Cubs' first-ever win of a World Series game at the stadium since October 1945. ](/news/2016/10/30/the-chicago-cubs-defeat-the-cleveland-indians-3-runs-to-2-at-illinois-wrigley-field-in-game-5-of-the-2016-world-series-to-avoid-elimination.md) _Context: 2016 World Series, Chicago Cubs, Cleveland Indians_
2. [In Major League Baseball, the New York Mets defeat the Chicago Cubs 8-3, completing a four-game sweep of the 2015 National League Championship Series, and advance to the 2015 World Series. ](/news/2015/10/21/in-major-league-baseball-the-new-york-mets-defeat-the-chicago-cubs-8a3-completing-a-four-game-sweep-of-the-2015-national-league-champion.md) _Context: Chicago Cubs, Major League Baseball_
3. [In Major League Baseball, the San Francisco Giants defeat the Detroit Tigers in game four of the 2012 World Series, sweeping the Tigers and winning their second World Series in three years. Pablo Sandoval is named World Series MVP. ](/news/2012/10/28/in-major-league-baseball-the-san-francisco-giants-defeat-the-detroit-tigers-in-game-four-of-the-2012-world-series-sweeping-the-tigers-and.md) _Context: Major League Baseball, series MVP_
4. [ The St. Louis Cardinals and Cleveland Indians play in Major League Baseball's inaugural "Civil Rights Game" at AutoZone Park in Memphis, Tennessee, instituted to honor the history of civil rights in the United States. ](/news/2007/03/31/the-st-louis-cardinals-and-cleveland-indians-play-in-major-league-baseball-s-inaugural-civil-rights-game-at-autozone-park-in-memphis-te.md) _Context: Cleveland Indians, Major League Baseball_
5. [ In baseball, the Miami Marlins' Ichiro Suzuki becomes the 30th Major League Baseball player with 3,000 career hits, reaching the milestone with a seventh-inning triple against the Colorado Rockies. ](/news/2016/08/7/in-baseball-the-miami-marlins-ichiro-suzuki-becomes-the-30th-major-league-baseball-player-with-3-000-career-hits-reaching-the-milestone.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
6. [In baseball, Ichiro Suzuki reaches a combined total of career hits of 4,257 spanning Major League Baseball and Nippon Professional Baseball. It passes Pete Rose's career total encompassing Major League Baseball only of 4,256 but the MLB is considered to be a higher quality competition. ](/news/2016/06/15/in-baseball-ichiro-suzuki-reaches-a-combined-total-of-career-hits-of-4-257-spanning-major-league-baseball-and-nippon-professional-baseball.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
7. [Major League Baseball Commissioner Rob Manfred says the decision whether the Miami Marlins and Pittsburgh Pirates two-game series scheduled for later this month will be moved from Puerto Rico  because of concerns about the Zika virus, will be announced Monday "at the latest." ](/news/2016/05/5/major-league-baseball-commissioner-rob-manfred-says-the-decision-whether-the-miami-marlins-and-pittsburgh-pirates-two-game-series-scheduled.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
8. [MLB announces the Tampa Bay Rays professional baseball team will play an exhibition game with the Cuban National Team on March 22, 2016, in Havana. United States President Barack Obama, who is scheduled to visit the island nation then, is expected to attend. ](/news/2016/03/1/mlb-announces-the-tampa-bay-rays-professional-baseball-team-will-play-an-exhibition-game-with-the-cuban-national-team-on-march-22-2016-in.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
9. [ In Major League Baseball, Ken Griffey Jr. and Mike Piazza are elected to the Hall of Fame by the Baseball Writers' Association of America. Griffey was named on all but three of the 440 ballots received, surpassing Tom Seaver for the highest voting percentage in Hall history. Griffey and Piazza will be formally inducted on July 24. ](/news/2016/01/6/in-major-league-baseball-ken-griffey-jr-and-mike-piazza-are-elected-to-the-hall-of-fame-by-the-baseball-writers-association-of-america.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
10. [In Major League Baseball, the Kansas City Royals defeat the New York Mets in the 2015 World Series 4 games to 1. ](/news/2015/11/1/in-major-league-baseball-the-kansas-city-royals-defeat-the-new-york-mets-in-the-2015-world-series-4-games-to-1.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
