### [2016-11-2](/news/2016/11/2/index.md)

# Philippines-United States relations: Philippine Drug War: United States State Department blocks the sale of firearms to the Philippines due to concerns of human rights violations. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/11/02/asia/philippines-us-arms-sale-reaction/index.html?eref=rss_topstories)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-philippines-usa-rifles-idUSKBN12V2AM)

### Related:

1. [Philippines-United States relations: The Philippines Secretary of National Defense Delfin Lorenzana suspends participation in any joint patrols with the United States in the disputed South China Sea. Lorenzana will ask a detachment of 107 U.S. troops providing counterterrorism assistance on the southern island of Mindanao to leave as President Rodrigo Duterte requested. ](/news/2016/10/7/philippines-united-states-relations-the-philippines-secretary-of-national-defense-delfin-lorenzana-suspends-participation-in-any-joint-pa.md) _Context: Philippines, Philippines-United States relations, United States_
2. [Philippines-United States relations: Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte says he plans to cut ties with his country's former colonial ruler, the United States, while strengthening ties with China. ](/news/2016/10/20/philippines-united-states-relations-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-plans-to-cut-ties-with-his-country-s-former-colonial-ru.md) _Context: Philippines, Philippines-United States relations, United States_
3. [Philippine Drug War: Philippines-United States relations: In response to American criticism of the Duterte regime, Filipino foreign secretary Perfecto Yasay says the Philippines cannot remain as the "little brown brother" of the United States. ](/news/2016/09/16/philippine-drug-war-philippines-united-states-relations-in-response-to-american-criticism-of-the-duterte-regime-filipino-foreign-secret.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines-United States relations, United States_
4. [Human rights in the Philippines: The government of the Philippines demands its critics to provide proof if there are human rights violations conducted during its drug war. ](/news/2016/07/9/human-rights-in-the-philippines-the-government-of-the-philippines-demands-its-critics-to-provide-proof-if-there-are-human-rights-violations.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines, human rights violations_
5. [Philippine Drug War: Hundreds of sympathizers attend the funeral procession of a teenager killed allegedly due to the ongoing drug purge in the Philippines. ](/news/2017/08/26/philippine-drug-war-hundreds-of-sympathizers-attend-the-funeral-procession-of-a-teenager-killed-allegedly-due-to-the-ongoing-drug-purge-in.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines_
6. [Philippine Drug War: After the shooting of Kian Loyd delos Santos, a 17-year old student, in the campaign against drugs in the Philippines, thousands of marchers protest in EDSA heeding calls from the Philippine Catholic Church to criticize the drug war. ](/news/2017/08/21/philippine-drug-war-after-the-shooting-of-kian-loyd-delos-santos-a-17-year-old-student-in-the-campaign-against-drugs-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines_
7. [Philippine Drug War: The Philippine Catholic Church condemns the killings in the Philippines after anger erupts due to the death of 17-year old Kian Loyd delos Santos.](/news/2017/08/20/philippine-drug-war-the-philippine-catholic-church-condemns-the-killings-in-the-philippines-after-anger-erupts-due-to-the-death-of-17-year.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines_
8. [Philippine Drug War: At least 32 people are killed in a series of police raids near Manila, Philippines, allegedly due to the ongoing drug war. ](/news/2017/08/16/philippine-drug-war-at-least-32-people-are-killed-in-a-series-of-police-raids-near-manila-philippines-allegedly-due-to-the-ongoing-drug-w.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines_
9. [Philippines-United States relations: History of the Philippines (1898-1946), Philippine-American War: Balangiga massacre: During the annual State of the Nation Address through the Congress of the Philippines, President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte has outright demanded that the United States return the controversial Balangiga bells, taken during one of the campaigns of the Philippine-American War as spoils of war. Previous attempts to recover the bells have all failed so far. ](/news/2017/07/24/philippines-united-states-relations-history-of-the-philippines-1898-1946-philippine-american-war-balangiga-massacre-during-the-a.md) _Context: Philippines-United States relations, United States_
10. [Philippine Drug War: In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/philippine-drug-war-in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces.md) _Context: Philippine Drug War, Philippines_
