### [2009-12-11](/news/2009/12/11/index.md)

#  Vasily Khristoforov, the head archivist for Russia's Federal Security Service confirms for the first time that the Soviet Union's KGB cremated Adolf Hitler's body in 1970 and scattered his ashes in the Biederitz River. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2009/WORLD/europe/12/11/russia.hitler.remains/)

### Related:

1. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: Federal Security Service, Russia_
2. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus. The Russian Federal Security Service claims to have killed Rustam Asildarov, the leader of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's Caucasus Province and four other militants in the Dagestan region. ](/news/2016/12/4/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-the-russian-federal-security-service-claims-to-have-killed-rustam-asildarov-the-leader-of-the-islamic-sta.md) _Context: Federal Security Service, Russia_
3. [Newly-revealed secret information, decoded from documents from the Mitrokhin Archive, a collection of handwritten notes by KGB archivist Vasili Mitrokhin, who smuggled his notes out of Russia in the 1990s when he defected to Britain, show that Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas was once a "spy" under the Russian agency the KGB using the codename "Mole". ](/news/2016/09/8/newly-revealed-secret-information-decoded-from-documents-from-the-mitrokhin-archive-a-collection-of-handwritten-notes-by-kgb-archivist-vas.md) _Context: KGB, Russia_
4. [Federal Security Service (FSB) officers kill at least four suspected North Caucasus Islamic militants during a counter-terrorism raid on an apartment building in the Russian city of Saint Petersburg. ](/news/2016/08/17/federal-security-service-fsb-officers-kill-at-least-four-suspected-north-caucasus-islamic-militants-during-a-counter-terrorism-raid-on-an.md) _Context: Federal Security Service, Russia_
5. [Ukrainian crisis. Russia's Federal Security Service (FSB) says it has thwarted two armed Ukrainian incursions into Crimea with at least two killed, including one FSB officer, following a "massive fire fight" with "sabotage-terrorist" groups. Ukraine denies the Russian claims. ](/news/2016/08/10/ukrainian-crisis-russia-s-federal-security-service-fsb-says-it-has-thwarted-two-armed-ukrainian-incursions-into-crimea-with-at-least-two.md) _Context: Federal Security Service, Russia_
6. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus. At least eight unidentified militants and one security officer are killed in ongoing clashes in rural Dagestan, Russia. ](/news/2016/07/8/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-at-least-eight-unidentified-militants-and-one-security-officer-are-killed-in-ongoing-clashes-in-rural-dage.md) _Context: Federal Security Service, Russia_
7. [Russian President Vladimir Putin signs an amendment to Russia's law regarding the regulation of the use of weapons, giving the FSB the authority to use lethal force on crowds in order to "prevent acts of terrorism, rescue hostages, or repel attacks on public buildings." ](/news/2015/12/31/russian-president-vladimir-putin-signs-an-amendment-to-russia-s-law-regarding-the-regulation-of-the-use-of-weapons-giving-the-fsb-the-autho.md) _Context: Federal Security Service, Russia_
8. [Syrian Civil War. Russia's role in the Syrian Civil War. United States Department of Defense says that Russia has deployed armoured vehicles and troops to Syria in what has been described as the "first clear sign of offensive weapons arriving in Syria" and "the largest deployment of Russian forces outside the former Soviet Union since the collapse of the USSR". ](/news/2015/09/14/syrian-civil-war-russia-s-role-in-the-syrian-civil-war-united-states-department-of-defense-says-that-russia-has-deployed-armoured-vehicles.md) _Context: Russia, Soviet_
9. [A Federal Security Service court in Russia sentences Ukrainian film director Oleg Sentsov to 20 years in prison for plotting terrorist acts in Crimea, amid allegations of torture and U.S. claims that he is being held hostage in Russia after having been abducted from Ukraine by Russian-backed separatists. ](/news/2015/08/25/a-federal-security-service-court-in-russia-sentences-ukrainian-film-director-oleg-sentsov-to-20-years-in-prison-for-plotting-terrorist-acts.md) _Context: Federal Security Service, Russia_
10. [Five Russian lawmakers have asked the Prosecutor General of Russia, Yury Chaika, to investigate whether former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev should face charges for his role in the breakup of the Soviet Union. ](/news/2014/04/10/five-russian-lawmakers-have-asked-the-prosecutor-general-of-russia-yury-chaika-to-investigate-whether-former-soviet-leader-mikhail-gorbach.md) _Context: Russia, Soviet_
