### [2014-08-21](/news/2014/08/21/index.md)

# Brazilian presidential election, 2014. The internationally-acclaimed environmental campaigner Marina Silva replaces Eduardo Campos, who died in a plane crash on August 13, as the presidential candidate of the Brazilian Socialist Party, with polls suggesting she could surpass Aecio Neves in the first round and current president Dilma Rousseff in the second. 

The Brazilian Socialist Party names environmental campaigner Marina Silva as its new presidential candidate, replacing Eduardo Campos who died last week.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-28875205)

### Related:

1. [Brazilian general election, 2014. Environmentalist Marina Silva widens a sudden lead in opinion polls over current president Dilma Rousseff to 10 percentage points. ](/news/2014/08/30/brazilian-general-election-2014-environmentalist-marina-silva-widens-a-sudden-lead-in-opinion-polls-over-current-president-dilma-rousseff.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff, Marina Silva_
2. [Governor Eduardo Campos, a candidate in the upcoming Brazilian presidential election, dies in a plane crash in Santos, SGBPo Paulo, together with six other people on board the aircraft. It also sparks a large fire ](/news/2014/08/13/governor-eduardo-campos-a-candidate-in-the-upcoming-brazilian-presidential-election-dies-in-a-plane-crash-in-santos-sagbpo-paulo-togethe.md) _Context: Brazilian presidential election, 2014, Eduardo Campos_
3. [Corruption in Brazil. Brazil's Superior Electoral Court reopens the illegal campaign funding case against President Michel Temer, who was the vice presidential candidate on former President Dilma Rousseff's ticket in 2014. Temer became president in August 2016 when Rousseff was impeached, and could be unseated if the court annuls the Rousseff-Temer election victory. ](/news/2017/06/6/corruption-in-brazil-brazil-s-superior-electoral-court-reopens-the-illegal-campaign-funding-case-against-president-michel-temer-who-was-th.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff_
4. [Corruption in Brazil. The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court releases a plea bargain testimony from JBS S.A., revealing that the company paid 500 million reais in bribes to politicians, including current President Michel Temer and his predecessors Dilma and Lula. ](/news/2017/05/19/corruption-in-brazil-the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-releases-a-plea-bargain-testimony-from-jbs-s-a-revealing-that-the-company-paid-5.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff_
5. [Impeachment of Dilma Rousseff. President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff is removed from office by a vote of 61-20 in the Senate. Current Acting President Michel Temer will serve out the remainder of her term, which ends January 1, 2019. ](/news/2016/08/31/impeachment-of-dilma-rousseff-president-of-brazil-dilma-rousseff-is-removed-from-office-by-a-vote-of-61-20-in-the-senate-current-acting.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff_
6. [Impeachment of Dilma Rousseff. The Senate postpones the impeachment vote on suspended President Dilma Rousseff to Wednesday. ](/news/2016/08/30/impeachment-of-dilma-rousseff-the-senate-postpones-the-impeachment-vote-on-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff-to-wednesday.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff_
7. [Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff. Brazil's Federal Senate begins the impeachment trial of suspended President Dilma Rousseff. ](/news/2016/08/25/impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-brazil-s-federal-senate-begins-the-impeachment-trial-of-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff_
8. [Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff. Brazil's Federal Senate votes 59 to 21 to indict suspended President Dilma Rousseff on charges of breaking budget laws and put her on trial. ](/news/2016/08/10/impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-brazil-s-federal-senate-votes-59-to-21-to-indict-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff-on-charges-o.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff_
9. [Operation Car Wash. Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff. Acting on a request from Brazil's top prosecutor, Supreme Court Justice Teori Zavascki suspends President of the Deputies Chamber Eduardo Cunha for obstructing the Petrobras corruption investigation. The full court confirms this action, Cunha is eliminated from the line of succession to President Dilma Rousseff, who may be suspended from office next week. ](/news/2016/05/5/operation-car-wash-impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-acting-on-a-request-from-brazil-s-top-prosecutor-supreme-court-justice-teor.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff_
10. [Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff. The Brazilian Senate votes (55-22) to begin the impeachment process against the President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff and suspend her from office while the trial takes place. ](/news/2016/05/12/impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-the-brazilian-senate-votes-55-22-to-begin-the-impeachment-process-against-the-president-of-bra.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff_
