### [2015-12-5](/news/2015/12/5/index.md)

# 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference. Delegates at the 2015 Climate Change conference in Paris reach a draft agreement. 

Delegates at a UN climate conference in Paris have approved a new draft text that they hope will form the basis of a global agreement.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/science-environment-35015765)

### Related:

1. [2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference. In Paris, delegates from 195 countries approve an agreement that seeks to dramatically reduce greenhouse gas emissions.](/news/2015/12/12/2015-united-nations-climate-change-conference-in-paris-delegates-from-195-countries-approve-an-agreement-that-seeks-to-dramatically-reduce.md) _Context: 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference, Paris_
2. [2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference. Around 150 world leaders attend the UN Climate Change Conference in Paris, aiming for a global deal on limiting greenhouse gas emissions. ](/news/2015/11/30/2015-united-nations-climate-change-conference-around-150-world-leaders-attend-the-un-climate-change-conference-in-paris-aiming-for-a-globa.md) _Context: 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference, Paris_
3. [2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference. About 20,000 pairs of empty shoes lay around Paris, symbolizing the absent marchers who would have joined this weekend's worldwide climate change protests pressing for a bold international agreement at the upcoming climate summit there. The capital city was planned to be the center for demonstrations but French police banned large protests following the terrorist attacks this month. ](/news/2015/11/29/2015-united-nations-climate-change-conference-about-20-000-pairs-of-empty-shoes-lay-around-paris-symbolizing-the-absent-marchers-who-would.md) _Context: 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference, Paris_
4. [2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP21). France is deploying more than 10,000 personnel to provide security for the two-week UN Climate Change Conference that opens in Le Bourget in Paris on Monday, November 30, 2015. Around 150 heads of state or government are expected to attend COP21's opening day. ](/news/2015/11/26/2015-united-nations-climate-change-conference-cop21-france-is-deploying-more-than-10-000-personnel-to-provide-security-for-the-two-week-u.md) _Context: 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference, Paris_
5. [2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference. A mass rally due to be held on November 29, 2015 in Paris on the eve of climate change talks is called off due to the threat of terrorism. ](/news/2015/11/19/2015-united-nations-climate-change-conference-a-mass-rally-due-to-be-held-on-november-29-2015-in-paris-on-the-eve-of-climate-change-talks.md) _Context: 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference, Paris_
6. [Pope Francis encourages bishops from around the world to sign an appeal to world leaders, meeting in Paris next month, for crucial climate change talks. In a major teaching document in June, the encyclical Laudato Si' (Latin: Praised be), Francis denounced what he called the -structurally perverse- fossil fuel-based world economy that exploits the poor and destroys the habitability of the Earth for humans. ](/news/2015/10/19/pope-francis-encourages-bishops-from-around-the-world-to-sign-an-appeal-to-world-leaders-meeting-in-paris-next-month-for-crucial-climate-c.md) _Context: 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference, Paris_
7. [Levallois-Perret attack. In a suspected terror attack, six French soldiers are injured, three seriously, when a man drives a car into them at a barracks in the Paris suburb of Levallois-Perret. ](/news/2017/08/9/levallois-perret-attack-in-a-suspected-terror-attack-six-french-soldiers-are-injured-three-seriously-when-a-man-drives-a-car-into-them-a.md) _Context: Paris_
8. [June 2017 Champs-Elysees car ramming attack. A car carrying firearms and gas bottles deliberately rammed a police vehicle on the Champs-Elysees in Paris, France, subsequently bursting into flames. The driver, who was on a security watchlist, was shot dead. ](/news/2017/06/19/june-2017-champs-alysa-c-es-car-ramming-attack-a-car-carrying-firearms-and-gas-bottles-deliberately-rammed-a-police-vehicle-on-the-champs-a.md) _Context: Paris_
9. [Rare specimens of daisies from the 1850s originally held in the National Museum of Natural History in Paris were reportedly destroyed by Australia in March allegedly due to incomplete paperwork. ](/news/2017/05/8/rare-specimens-of-daisies-from-the-1850s-originally-held-in-the-national-museum-of-natural-history-in-paris-were-reportedly-destroyed-by-aus.md) _Context: Paris_
10. [French presidential election, 2017. Yesterday's terrorist attack in Paris disrupts campaigning for the elections. ](/news/2017/04/21/french-presidential-election-2017-yesterday-s-terrorist-attack-in-paris-disrupts-campaigning-for-the-elections.md) _Context: Paris_
