### [2015-12-5](/news/2015/12/5/index.md)

# America's largest seven-day newspaper, ''The New York Times'', breaking with the tradition that front pages belong to the news department, publishes Saturday morning's edition with the first front page editorial since 1920. The editorial calls for tighter gun control laws after the shootings in Colorado Springs, Colorado, and San Bernardino, California, over the past eight days. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/media/2015/dec/05/gun-control-new-york-times-ront-page-editorial-first-time-since-1920-san-bernardino)
2. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/12/05/us/gun-debate-yields-page-1-editorial.html?_r=0)
3. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2015/12/05/the-new-york-times-has-rare-front-page-editorial-calling-u-s-gun-laws-a-national-disgrace/)

### Related:

1. [''The New York Times'' claims that Mohammed Zia Salehi, an official of Afghanistan's Karzai administration accused of  graft is on the United States Central Intelligence Agency payroll. ](/news/2010/08/26/the-new-york-times-claims-that-mohammed-zia-salehi-an-official-of-afghanistan-s-karzai-administration-accused-of-graft-is-on-the-unite.md) _Context: The New York Times, U.S._
2. [ ''The New York Times'' reports that a website created at the request of United States Representative Peter Hoekstra and Senator Pat Roberts was found to contain detailed information which could help nuclear-capable states produce nuclear weapons.  The website was shut down on November 2 following questioning by ''The New York Times'' and protests by International Atomic Energy Agency officials. ](/news/2006/11/3/the-new-york-times-reports-that-a-website-created-at-the-request-of-united-states-representative-peter-hoekstra-and-senator-pat-roberts.md) _Context: The New York Times, U.S._
3. [The election between Democrat Jon Ossoff and Republican Karen Handel to replace the seat vacated by Tom Price becomes the most expensive congressional race in United States history. ](/news/2017/05/9/the-election-between-democrat-jon-ossoff-and-republican-karen-handel-to-replace-the-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-becomes-the-most-expensive-con.md) _Context: U.S._
4. [The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) says they will counter Iraq's mostly Iran-backed Popular Mobilization Forces (PMU) militants if the latter enters areas under SDF control, insisting that SDF will never accept the presence of Iran and SDF will never under any circumstances act as a bridge between PMU and the Syria's Assad regime. ](/news/2017/05/31/the-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-says-they-will-counter-iraqas-mostly-iran-backed-popular-mobilization-forces-pmu-militant.md) _Context: U.S._
5. [ A formation of United States B-1B bombers from Guam flew over Korea, staging a nuclear bomb dropping drill. North Korea calls it a military provocation. ](/news/2017/05/30/a-formation-of-united-states-b-1b-bombers-from-guam-flew-over-korea-staging-a-nuclear-bomb-dropping-drill-north-korea-calls-it-a-military.md) _Context: U.S._
6. [Puerto Rico files for the largest "local government" bankruptcy in the United States. ](/news/2017/05/3/puerto-rico-files-for-the-largest-local-government-bankruptcy-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: U.S._
7. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: U.S._
8. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to ''The New York Times''. British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.md) _Context: The New York Times_
9. [Turkey summons United States Ambassador John R. Bass to protest alleged "aggressive and unprofessional actions" by American security personnel against Turkish bodyguards, calling for the United States to conduct a full investigation on the May 17 clashes.  The American ambassador told Turkey's government that its guards violated U.S. laws. Last week, the U.S. summoned Turkish  Ambassador Serdar Kilic to discuss about Turkish security officers hitting and kicking peaceful protesters outside the Turkish ambassador's residence in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2017/05/22/turkey-summons-united-states-ambassador-john-r-bass-to-protest-alleged-aggressive-and-unprofessional-actions-by-american-security-personn.md) _Context: U.S._
10. [The temporary protected status of Haitians living in the United States is extended for six months. ](/news/2017/05/22/the-temporary-protected-status-of-haitians-living-in-the-united-states-is-extended-for-six-months.md) _Context: U.S._
