### [2015-12-5](/news/2015/12/5/index.md)

# An offshore oil platform operated by Azerbaijan's state energy company SOCAR catches fire in the Caspian Sea killing 32 workers. 

At least one worker was killed and 30 others were missing on Saturday after an Azeri oil platform caught fire during high winds in the Caspian Sea on Friday, state energy company SOCAR said. 


### Source:

1. [CBC News](http://www.cbc.ca/news/world/azerbaijan-oilfield-fire-1.3352333)
2. [The Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/reuters/article-3347170/32-Azeri-workers-die-fire-Caspian-Sea-oil-platform--committee-head.html)

### Related:

1. [At the Caspian Summit in Baku, Azerbaijan, Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad criticizes NATO for adopting policies based on "false information". ](/news/2010/11/18/at-the-caspian-summit-in-baku-azerbaijan-iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-criticizes-nato-for-adopting-policies-based-on-false-infor.md) _Context: Azerbaijan, Caspian Sea_
2. [ H5N1 bird flu virus:: The deadly strain of H5N1 avian flu has been found in wild birds in Azerbaijan's Caspian Sea coast. ](/news/2006/02/10/h5n1-bird-flu-virus-the-deadly-strain-of-h5n1-avian-flu-has-been-found-in-wild-birds-in-azerbaijan-s-caspian-sea-coast.md) _Context: Azerbaijan, Caspian Sea_
3. [Nagorno-Karabakh conflict: Clashes erupt between Nagorno-Karabakh separatists and Azerbaijani forces in the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh region. The Azerbaijan Ministry of Defense confirmed casualties on its side while the separatist forces claim to have no causalities. Both sides blame each other for the flareup in fighting. ](/news/2017/02/25/nagorno-karabakh-conflict-clashes-erupt-between-nagorno-karabakh-separatists-and-azerbaijani-forces-in-the-disputed-nagorno-karabakh-region.md) _Context: Azerbaijan_
4. [Nagorno-Karabakh constitutional referendum, 2017: In a referendum held yesterday in the breakaway state of Nagorno-Karabakh (a region long claimed by both Azerbaijan and Armenia), 87.6% of voters approve changing the country's governance system from semi-presidential to full presidential, therefore abolishing the position of prime minister. ](/news/2017/02/21/nagorno-karabakh-constitutional-referendum-2017-in-a-referendum-held-yesterday-in-the-breakaway-state-of-nagorno-karabakh-a-region-long-c.md) _Context: Azerbaijan_
5. [Azerbaijani First Lady Mehriban Aliyeva, who is widely considered to be in line to succeed her husband, is named vice president. ](/news/2017/02/21/azerbaijani-first-lady-mehriban-aliyeva-who-is-widely-considered-to-be-in-line-to-succeed-her-husband-is-named-vice-president.md) _Context: Azerbaijan_
6. [Four alleged extremists planning terror attacks in Azerbaijan are killed in a shootout with the country's security forces; one suspect is arrested. The State Security Service says the group was connected to an unspecified religious extremist group abroad. ](/news/2017/02/1/four-alleged-extremists-planning-terror-attacks-in-azerbaijan-are-killed-in-a-shootout-with-the-country-s-security-forces-one-suspect-is-ar.md) _Context: Azerbaijan_
7. [A National Iranian Drilling Company helicopter crashes into the Caspian Sea with all five people onboard killed. ](/news/2016/11/27/a-national-iranian-drilling-company-helicopter-crashes-into-the-caspian-sea-with-all-five-people-onboard-killed.md) _Context: Caspian Sea_
8. [Imprisoned Azerbaijani journalist Khadija Ismayilova is announced as the winner of the UNESCO/Guillermo Cano World Press Freedom Prize for 2016 for "her outstanding contribution to press freedom in difficult circumstances." ](/news/2016/05/3/imprisoned-azerbaijani-journalist-khadija-ismayilova-is-announced-as-the-winner-of-the-unesco-guillermo-cano-world-press-freedom-prize-for-2.md) _Context: Azerbaijan_
9. [ 2016 Silk Way Airlines Antonov An-12 crash: An Azerbaijani cargo airplane crashes during landing in southern Afghanistan, killing seven out of its nine crew members. ](/news/2016/05/19/2016-silk-way-airlines-antonov-an-12-crash-an-azerbaijani-cargo-airplane-crashes-during-landing-in-southern-afghanistan-killing-seven-out.md) _Context: Azerbaijan_
10. [Nagorno-Karabakh conflict: Armenia-Azerbaijan relations: Armenia will recognize the independence of the breakaway Nagorno-Karabakh Republic from Azerbaijan if military actions there continue, according to Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan. Azerbaijan has resorted to an "unprecedented provocation along the entire perimeter of the contact line" with Nagorno-Karabakh, Sargsyan told a meeting with ambassadors from member states of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, referring to the latest flare-up of the conflict. ](/news/2016/04/4/nagorno-karabakh-conflict-armenia-azerbaijan-relations-armenia-will-recognize-the-independence-of-the-breakaway-nagorno-karabakh-republi.md) _Context: Azerbaijan_
