### [2015-12-5](/news/2015/12/5/index.md)

# The fourth named windstorm of the season makes landfall across the United Kingdom and Ireland, bringing high winds and serious flooding. 

A 90-year-old man dies after it is believed he was blown into the path of a moving bus in north London.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-3501474)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-london-35015530)

### Related:

1. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Ireland, United Kingdom_
2. [The United Kingdom's Met Office issues two new severe weather warnings for wind and rain covering across much of Scotland and Northern England beginning 6 a.m. Wednesday. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-united-kingdom-s-met-office-issues-two-new-severe-weather-warnings-for-wind-and-rain-covering-across-much-of-scotland-and-northern-engla.md) _Context: Storm Desmond, United Kingdom_
3. [Storm Desmond shatters U.K. rainfall records as an incredible 13.44 inches of rain fell in 24 hours at Honister Pass in the Lake District in North West England. The 15.94 inches of rain at Thirlmere -- also in the Lake District -- set a new record for the 48-hour period. ](/news/2015/12/7/storm-desmond-shatters-u-k-rainfall-records-as-an-incredible-13-44-inches-of-rain-fell-in-24-hours-at-honister-pass-in-the-lake-district-in.md) _Context: Storm Desmond, United Kingdom_
4. [The strongest windstorm of the season so far continues to bring flooding and high winds to the United Kingdom. ](/news/2015/12/6/the-strongest-windstorm-of-the-season-so-far-continues-to-bring-flooding-and-high-winds-to-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: Storm Desmond, United Kingdom_
5. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: Ireland, United Kingdom_
6. [Suspected Islamic militants take over a BP facility in In Amenas, Algeria, killing at least 2 workers and taking up to 40 others hostage, including 13 Norwegians, a number of Americans, as well as nationals from Ireland, Japan, France and the United Kingdom. A previously unknown group allied to al-Qaeda's regional branch says the attack is in revenge for Algeria's support of the French operation against Islamic rebels in Mali. ](/news/2013/01/16/suspected-islamic-militants-take-over-a-bp-facility-in-in-ama-c-nas-algeria-killing-at-least-2-workers-and-taking-up-to-40-others-hostage-i.md) _Context: Ireland, United Kingdom_
7. [Myanmar democracy activist Aung San Suu Kyi returns to Europe after more than two decades for a European tour, including Norway, Switzerland, France, Ireland and Britain. ](/news/2012/06/13/myanmar-democracy-activist-aung-san-suu-kyi-returns-to-europe-after-more-than-two-decades-for-a-european-tour-including-norway-switzerland.md) _Context: Ireland, United Kingdom_
8. [Law enforcement agencies in the United States, United Kingdom and Ireland arrest alleged senior members of the computer hacking group Lulz Sec, including a member of the FBI. ](/news/2012/03/6/law-enforcement-agencies-in-the-united-states-united-kingdom-and-ireland-arrest-alleged-senior-members-of-the-computer-hacking-group-lulz-s.md) _Context: Ireland, United Kingdom_
9. [Following severe flooding in Ireland and parts of the United Kingdom, two apparent flood deaths are reported in the Irish capital Dublin. ](/news/2011/10/25/following-severe-flooding-in-ireland-and-parts-of-the-united-kingdom-two-apparent-flood-deaths-are-reported-in-the-irish-capital-dublin.md) _Context: Ireland, United Kingdom_
10. [English musician PJ Harvey wins her second Mercury Prize for best album from the United Kingdom and Ireland for her album "Let England Shake". ](/news/2011/09/6/english-musician-pj-harvey-wins-her-second-mercury-prize-for-best-album-from-the-united-kingdom-and-ireland-for-her-album-let-england-shake.md) _Context: Ireland, United Kingdom_
