### [2015-12-5](/news/2015/12/5/index.md)

# Three suicide bombers at Lake Chad kill at least 30 people and injure at least 80 others. Three women carried out the attack at a weekly market on an island on the Chadian side of the lake. No group claims responsibility; officials suspect the attacks were carried out by members of the Boko Haram militant group from neighboring Nigeria. 

Three suicide attacks have hit an island on Lake Chad, killing at least 27 people, security sources say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-35015556)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/12/triple-suicide-blast-kills-dozens-lake-chad-island-151205143809638.html)

### Related:

1. [Boko Haram militants attack Chad for the first time after 30 fighters crossed Lake Chad in four motorboats and attacked the village of Ngouboua. Chad recently joined Nigeria, Niger, and Cameroon in a military coalition against Boko Haram. ](/news/2015/02/13/boko-haram-militants-attack-chad-for-the-first-time-after-30-fighters-crossed-lake-chad-in-four-motorboats-and-attacked-the-village-of-ngoub.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Chad, Lake Chad, Nigeria_
2. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:Following the January 16 Chad authorities decision to send troops to Nigeria and Cameroon to fight Boko Haram militants, the Russian ambassador to the country pledges to supply Cameroon with more modern weapons to combat the Islamist insurgents. ](/news/2015/01/17/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-pfollowing-the-january-16-chad-authorities-decision-to-send-troops-to-nigeria-and-cameroon-to-fight-boko-hara.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Chad, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria, Nigeria_
3. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria:Chadian troops rescue 85 hostages from Boko Haram who had been kidnapped in Nigeria and taken over the border into Chad. ](/news/2014/08/17/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-pchadian-troops-rescue-85-hostages-from-boko-haram-who-had-been-kidnapped-in-nigeria-and-taken-over-the-borde.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Chad, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria, Nigeria_
4. [More than 1 million children have been forced out of school as a result of Boko Haram terrorism in northeastern Nigeria and its neighboring countries, which leaves the children more susceptible to violence, poverty and child marriage,  Manuel Fontaine, UNICEF's West and Central Africa regional director, said in a statement. ](/news/2015/12/22/more-than-1-million-children-have-been-forced-out-of-school-as-a-result-of-boko-haram-terrorism-in-northeastern-nigeria-and-its-neighboring.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria, Nigeria_
5. [Cameroon's army, backed by a regional taskforce, has killed at least 100 members of the militant Islamist Boko Haram group and freed 900 people it had held hostage, the west African country's defence ministry has said. Regional taskforce conducts sweep along border with Nigeria. ](/news/2015/12/2/cameroonas-army-backed-by-a-regional-taskforce-has-killed-at-least-100-members-of-the-militant-islamist-boko-haram-group-and-freed-900-p.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria, Nigeria_
6. [At least 30 people are killed after Boko Haram militants attack three villages in Nigeria's northeast Borno state. ](/news/2015/12/15/at-least-30-people-are-killed-after-boko-haram-militants-attack-three-villages-in-nigeria-s-northeast-borno-state.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Islamist insurgency in Nigeria, Nigeria_
7. [A Boko Haram attack near Lake Chad kills at least 11 Chadian troops while 17 Boko Haram militants are also reportedly killed in the fighting following the pre-dawn strike on Chadian army positions. ](/news/2015/10/6/a-boko-haram-attack-near-lake-chad-kills-at-least-11-chadian-troops-while-17-boko-haram-militants-are-also-reportedly-killed-in-the-fighting.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Chad, Lake Chad_
8. [Suspected militants from the Nigerian Islamist group Boko Haram killed 26 people in attacks on two villages on Lake Chad, Chad. ](/news/2015/07/8/suspected-militants-from-the-nigerian-islamist-group-boko-haram-killed-26-people-in-attacks-on-two-villages-on-lake-chad-chad.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Chad, Lake Chad_
9. [The Chadian Air Force carries out airstrikes against bases of Boko Haram in neighbouring Nigeria to avenge twin bombings in Chad's capital N'Djamena three days ago. ](/news/2015/06/18/the-chadian-air-force-carries-out-airstrikes-against-bases-of-boko-haram-in-neighbouring-nigeria-to-avenge-twin-bombings-in-chad-s-capital-n.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Chad, Nigeria_
10. [Forces from Niger and Chad launch a ground and air offensive against Boko Haram Islamist militants in northeastern Nigeria. ](/news/2015/03/8/forces-from-niger-and-chad-launch-a-ground-and-air-offensive-against-boko-haram-islamist-militants-in-northeastern-nigeria.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Chad, Nigeria_
