### [2015-12-5](/news/2015/12/5/index.md)

# Yemeni Crisis (2011-present): The United Nations advises that Yemeni peace talks will start on December 15. 

YEMEN-SECURITY/:Yemen peace talks to convene Dec. 15, Yemeni minister tells Saudi TV


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.trust.org/item/20151205220955-ivkdz)

### Related:

1. [Houthi insurgency in Yemen: Yemeni Crisis (2011-present): Ismail Ould Cheikh Ahmed, the United Nations special envoy for Yemen, says he welcomes the tentative truce that started at midnight Yemen time. The truce opens unhindered access for relief aid to all of Yemen. Peace talks are set to start later this month. ](/news/2016/04/11/houthi-insurgency-in-yemen-yemeni-crisis-2011-present-ismail-ould-cheikh-ahmed-the-united-nations-special-envoy-for-yemen-says-he-we.md) _Context: United Nations, Yemen, Yemeni Crisis (2011-present)_
2. [Despite criticism by UN Special Envoy for Yemen, 42 cabinet members of the National Salvation Government in Yemen have taken oath and convened its first meeting. The new government, led by the former governor of Aden Abdel-Aziz bin Habtour, vowed to help UN efforts for peace and stability in the country.](/news/2016/12/1/despite-criticism-by-un-special-envoy-for-yemen-42-cabinet-members-of-the-national-salvation-government-in-yemen-have-taken-oath-and-conven.md) _Context: United Nations, Yemen_
3. [Yemeni Crisis (2011-present): The United States Navy's destroyer USS "Mason" comes under missile attack in the Red Sea, off the coast of Yemen. The two missiles, fired from Yemeni territory controlled by Iranian-backed Houthis, impacted the water well before reaching the ship, according to Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis. ](/news/2016/10/9/yemeni-crisis-2011-present-the-united-states-navy-s-destroyer-uss-mason-comes-under-missile-attack-in-the-red-sea-off-the-coast-of-y.md) _Context: Yemen, Yemeni Crisis (2011-present)_
4. [Yemeni Civil War: The United Nations announces that the warring parties in Yemen have agreed to a 72-hour ceasefire starting October 19 at 23:59 AST (4:59 EDT). ](/news/2016/10/17/yemeni-civil-war-the-united-nations-announces-that-the-warring-parties-in-yemen-have-agreed-to-a-72-hour-ceasefire-starting-october-19-at-2.md) _Context: United Nations, Yemen_
5. [Yemeni Crisis (2011-present): The United States Navy's USS "Mason" is fired on for the third time in a week from territory controlled by Houthi forces in Yemen, while in international waters of the Red Sea. The ship deployed countermeasures and was not struck, according to U.S. officials. ](/news/2016/10/15/yemeni-crisis-2011-present-the-united-states-navy-s-uss-mason-is-fired-on-for-the-third-time-in-a-week-from-territory-controlled-by-h.md) _Context: Yemen, Yemeni Crisis (2011-present)_
6. [Yemeni Crisis (2011-present): The U.S. military launches Tomahawk cruise missiles from the USS "Nitze" against Houthi-controlled radar sites in Yemen following two incidents in which, according to U.S. military, missiles were fired on United States Navy vessels in the Red Sea. ](/news/2016/10/13/yemeni-crisis-2011-present-the-u-s-military-launches-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-from-the-uss-nitze-against-houthi-controlled-radar-sit.md) _Context: Yemen, Yemeni Crisis (2011-present)_
7. [Yemeni Crisis (2011-present): Al Qaeda militants kill at least 13 Yemeni government troops near the city of Mukalla. ](/news/2016/05/12/yemeni-crisis-2011-present-al-qaeda-militants-kill-at-least-13-yemeni-government-troops-near-the-city-of-mukalla.md) _Context: Yemen, Yemeni Crisis (2011-present)_
8. [Yemeni Civil War: Following heavy pressure from world powers, Yemen's warring factions agree on an agenda for U.N.-backed peace negotiations to continue. ](/news/2016/04/26/yemeni-civil-war-following-heavy-pressure-from-world-powers-yemen-s-warring-factions-agree-on-an-agenda-for-u-n-backed-peace-negotiations.md) _Context: United Nations, Yemen_
9. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: A Saudi-led coalition spokesman announces they have exchanged prisoners with their Houthi opponents and "welcome a pause in the combat on the border." Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said the lull was important to deliver aid and medical supplies to people in northern regions of Yemen. Yesterday, a Houthi delegation was in Saudi Arabia for talks to end the war. Al-Jubeir and his Yemeni counterpart noted formal negotiations to end the fighting can only take place under the auspices of the United Nations. ](/news/2016/03/9/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-a-saudi-led-coalition-spokesman-announces-they-have-exchanged-prisoners-with-their-houthi-opponents.md) _Context: United Nations, Yemen_
10. [Yemeni Crisis: The United Nations Security Council expressed -deep concern- at the number of violations of Yemen-s ceasefire. U.N. envoys warned that a fledgling peace process was hanging by a thread, and that Yemen faces permanent fragmentation if the conflict is not ended soon. ](/news/2015/12/23/yemeni-crisis-the-united-nations-security-council-expressed-deep-concern-at-the-number-of-violations-of-yemen-s-ceasefire-u-n-env.md) _Context: United Nations, Yemen_
