### [2005-04-20](/news/2005/04/20/index.md)

#  Maurice Strong, Canadian United Nations representative, steps down due to allegations of involvement with Tongsun Park and oil for food scandal. 




### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/canada/story/2005/04/20/strong050420.html)
2. [Reuters AlertNet](http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/N20251561.htm)

### Related:

1. [Canada will boycott the United Nations Conference on Disarmament to protest against North Korea being named its chair. ](/news/2011/07/11/canada-will-boycott-the-united-nations-conference-on-disarmament-to-protest-against-north-korea-being-named-its-chair.md) _Context: Canada, United Nations_
2. [After Iran's selection to the Commission on the Status of Women, a United Nations panel on women's rights, Canada cites "serious concerns" about Iran's participation in the panel and Iran's human-rights record.  ](/news/2010/05/2/after-iranas-selection-to-the-commission-on-the-status-of-women-a-united-nations-panel-on-womenas-rights-canada-cites-aserious-conce.md) _Context: Canada, United Nations_
3. [ United Nations special envoy to Niger Robert Fowler and Canadian diplomat Louis Guay are reported to be missing in Niger. ](/news/2008/12/16/united-nations-special-envoy-to-niger-robert-fowler-and-canadian-diplomat-louis-guay-are-reported-to-be-missing-in-niger.md) _Context: Canada, United Nations_
4. [ Texas oilman Oscar Wyatt Jr. is sentenced to a year and one day in jail for breaching the rules of the United Nations oil-for-food program. ](/news/2007/11/27/texas-oilman-oscar-wyatt-jr-is-sentenced-to-a-year-and-one-day-in-jail-for-breaching-the-rules-of-the-united-nations-oil-for-food-program.md) _Context: United Nations, oil-for-food_
5. [ Texas oil executive David B. Chalmers, Jr pleads guilty to wire fraud connected with the United Nations oil-for-food program associated with the United Nations. ](/news/2007/08/17/texas-oil-executive-david-b-chalmers-jr-pleads-guilty-to-wire-fraud-connected-with-the-united-nations-oil-for-food-program-associated-wit.md) _Context: United Nations, oil-for-food_
6. [ John Howard, Prime Minister of Australia denies being aware of an Australian company giving "kick-backs" to Saddam Hussein during the United Nations' Oil for food programme. ](/news/2006/04/13/john-howard-prime-minister-of-australia-denies-being-aware-of-an-australian-company-giving-kick-backs-to-saddam-hussein-during-the-unite.md) _Context: United Nations, oil-for-food_
7. [ Benon Sevan, head of the United Nations' oil-for-food program, resigns before the publication of a report that is expected to accuse him of corruption. He blames Kofi Annan for "sacrificing" him and denies all charges ](/news/2005/08/8/benon-sevan-head-of-the-united-nations-oil-for-food-program-resigns-before-the-publication-of-a-report-that-is-expected-to-accuse-him-of.md) _Context: United Nations, oil-for-food_
8. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [Winston Blackmore and James Oler, leaders of a polygamist Mormon sect in Canada, are convicted. ](/news/2017/07/24/winston-blackmore-and-james-oler-leaders-of-a-polygamist-mormon-sect-in-canada-are-convicted.md) _Context: Canada_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
