### [2007-04-25](/news/2007/04/25/index.md)

#  U.S. Deputy Assistant Secretary of State for European and Eurasian Affairs David Kramer, speaking on behalf of the U.S. government, offers to normalize relations with Belarus if it releases imprisoned politicians. 




### Source:

1. [RFE/RL](http://www.rferl.org/featuresarticle/2007/4/219E0901-9B32-428D-B8DD-78B8B4B633FF.html)

### Related:

1. [Russia and Belarus begin a six day joint strategic military exercise inside Belarus and Russia's Kaliningrad Oblast. The military exercise similuates war against the fictional state of Veyshnoria. According to the Defence Ministry of Belarus, fewer than 13,000 personnel will be taking part in the exercise, however Western analysts believe the total number will range from 60,000 to 100,000. ](/news/2017/09/14/russia-and-belarus-begin-a-six-day-joint-strategic-military-exercise-inside-belarus-and-russia-s-kaliningrad-oblast-the-military-exercise-s.md) _Context: Belarus_
2. [Raytheon wins the dismissal of a USD$1 billion whistleblower lawsuit accusing the defense contractor of over billing the U.S. government on a contract for satellite sensors, nearly 18 months after the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit revived the case. ](/news/2017/08/3/raytheon-wins-the-dismissal-of-a-usd-1-billion-whistleblower-lawsuit-accusing-the-defense-contractor-of-over-billing-the-u-s-government-on.md) _Context: U.S. government_
3. [Thousands of people protest in Minsk, Belarus, despite a ban on protests, against a so-called "social parasites" tax on the unemployed. ](/news/2017/03/25/thousands-of-people-protest-in-minsk-belarus-despite-a-ban-on-protests-against-a-so-called-social-parasites-tax-on-the-unemployed.md) _Context: Belarus_
4. [The top U.S. diplomat in Belarus Scott Rauland and Belarusian Foreign Minister Uladzimer Makey said that their countries are ready to discuss the possible return of their ambassadors. Makey told reporters in Minsk that "there is readiness from both sides for a full normalization of our relations." Belarus recalled its ambassador from Washington in 2008 after the United States imposed sanctions against Belarusian oil giant Belneftekhim following tensions between Minsk and the West. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-top-u-s-diplomat-in-belarus-scott-rauland-and-belarusian-foreign-minister-uladzimer-makey-said-that-their-countries-are-ready-to-discus.md) _Context: Belarus_
5. [Finland and Russia agree to impose temporary restrictions at two Arctic border crossing points on the Finnish-Russian border following an increased flow of asylum seekers from Russia to Finland. Under a deal clinched by Russian President Vladimir Putin and Finnish President Sauli Niinisto in Moscow, crossings at two popular entry points, Salla and Raja-Jooseppi, will be reserved only for Finnish, Russian and Belarusian citizens and their family members for a period of 180 days. ](/news/2016/03/22/finland-and-russia-agree-to-impose-temporary-restrictions-at-two-arctic-border-crossing-points-on-the-finnisharussian-border-following-an.md) _Context: Belarus_
6. [Authorities in Belarus detain prominent businessman Yury Chyzh, once a close adviser to Alexander Lukashenko and included in the EU's sanctions list, on suspicion of large-scale tax evasion. ](/news/2016/03/13/authorities-in-belarus-detain-prominent-businessman-yury-chyzh-once-a-close-adviser-to-alexander-lukashenko-and-included-in-the-eu-s-sancti.md) _Context: Belarus_
7. [Belarusian author and journalist Svetlana Alexievich wins the 2015 Nobel Prize in Literature. ](/news/2015/10/8/belarusian-author-and-journalist-svetlana-alexievich-wins-the-2015-nobel-prize-in-literature.md) _Context: Belarus_
8. [In Minsk, about 1,000 opposition activists protest Russia's plans to establish a military air base in Belarus, saying it would turn the former Soviet republic into a Kremlin "vassal" and add to regional tensions. Belarussian President Alexander Lukashenko has refrained from commenting on the initiative to establish the base. ](/news/2015/10/4/in-minsk-about-1-000-opposition-activists-protest-russia-s-plans-to-establish-a-military-air-base-in-belarus-saying-it-would-turn-the-form.md) _Context: Belarus_
9. [Leaders from Germany, France, Russia and Ukraine meet in the Belarusian capital Minsk for peace talks. ](/news/2015/02/11/leaders-from-germany-france-russia-and-ukraine-meet-in-the-belarusian-capital-minsk-for-peace-talks.md) _Context: Belarus_
10. [The Eurasian Economic Union between Russia, Kazakhstan, Belarus, Kyrgyzstan and Armenia comes into effect ](/news/2015/01/1/the-eurasian-economic-union-between-russia-kazakhstan-belarus-kyrgyzstan-and-armenia-comes-into-effect.md) _Context: Belarus_
