### [2006-06-27](/news/2006/06/27/index.md)

#  Armenian President Robert Kocharyan and Azerbaijani President Ilham Aliyev agree to allow the residents of Nagorno-Karabakh to decide the region's future status through a popular vote. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe-Armenian Liberty](http://www.armenialiberty.org/armeniareport/report/en/2006/06/00DB055C-7469-4805-A919-3395C5858110.ASP)

### Related:

1. [Armenia will recognize the independence of the breakaway Nagorno-Karabakh Republic from Azerbaijan if military actions there continue, according to Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan. Azerbaijan has resorted to an "unprecedented provocation along the entire perimeter of the contact line" with Nagorno-Karabakh, Sargsyan told a meeting with ambassadors from member states of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, referring to the latest flare-up of the conflict. ](/news/2016/04/4/armenia-will-recognize-the-independence-of-the-breakaway-nagorno-karabakh-republic-from-azerbaijan-if-military-actions-there-continue-accor.md) _Context: Armenia, Armenian President, Azerbaijan_
2. [At least four Armenian soldiers are killed following an Azeri attack near the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh region. Yesterday, Azerbaijan shelled several ethnic Armenian villages, leaving three civilians dead. ](/news/2015/09/26/at-least-four-armenian-soldiers-are-killed-following-an-azeri-attack-near-the-disputed-nagorno-karabakh-region-yesterday-azerbaijan-shelle.md) _Context: Armenia, Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh region_
3. [At least eight Azeri soldiers are killed following clashes with Armenian troops on the border and near the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh region. Azerbaijan said Armenia had also suffered losses, although it did not provide any details. ](/news/2014/08/1/at-least-eight-azeri-soldiers-are-killed-following-clashes-with-armenian-troops-on-the-border-and-near-the-disputed-nagorno-karabakh-region.md) _Context: Armenia, Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh region_
4. [Voters in Azerbaijan go to the polls for a presidential election with incumbent President Ilham Aliyev expected to be elected amid concerns about the fairness of the election. ](/news/2013/10/9/voters-in-azerbaijan-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-incumbent-president-ilham-aliyev-expected-to-be-elected-amid-concerns.md) _Context: Azerbaijan, Ilham Aliyev's, President_
5. [ 2009 Azerbaijan-Armenia negotiations in Munich: Azerbaijan and Armenia hold talks on the Nagorno-Karabakh conflict. Azerbaijan has warned that the meeting of presidents in Munich will be "decisive" and that its troops are ready to take the territory by force unless there is a breakthrough in negotiations. ](/news/2009/11/22/2009-azerbaijan-armenia-negotiations-in-munich-azerbaijan-and-armenia-hold-talks-on-the-nagorno-karabakh-conflict-azerbaijan-has-warned-t.md) _Context: Armenia, Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh region_
6. [ The President of Armenia Robert Kocharyan declares a state of emergency following anti-government protests in Yerevan. ](/news/2008/03/1/the-president-of-armenia-robert-kocharyan-declares-a-state-of-emergency-following-anti-government-protests-in-yerevan.md) _Context: Armenia, Armenian President, Robert Kocharyan_
7. [Clashes erupt between Nagorno-Karabakh separatists and Azerbaijani forces in the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh region. The Azerbaijan Ministry of Defense confirmed casualties on its side while the separatist forces claim to have no causalities. Both sides blame each other for the flareup in fighting. ](/news/2017/02/25/clashes-erupt-between-nagorno-karabakh-separatists-and-azerbaijani-forces-in-the-disputed-nagorno-karabakh-region-the-azerbaijan-ministry-o.md) _Context: Azerbaijan, Nagorno-Karabakh region_
8. [In a referendum held yesterday in the breakaway state of Nagorno-Karabakh (a region long claimed by both Azerbaijan and Armenia), 87.6% of voters approve changing the country's governance system from semi-presidential to full presidential, therefore abolishing the position of prime minister. ](/news/2017/02/21/in-a-referendum-held-yesterday-in-the-breakaway-state-of-nagorno-karabakh-a-region-long-claimed-by-both-azerbaijan-and-armenia-87-6-of-v.md) _Context: Armenia, Azerbaijan_
9. [Armenia and Azerbaijan exchange gunfire for the third successive day after an escalation of a dispute over the boundaries between Azerbaijan and the disputed Nagorno-Karabakh Republic. ](/news/2016/04/2/armenia-and-azerbaijan-exchange-gunfire-for-the-third-successive-day-after-an-escalation-of-a-dispute-over-the-boundaries-between-azerbaijan.md) _Context: Armenia, Azerbaijan_
10. [Azeri voters go to the polls for a parliamentary election, which Azerbaijan President Ilham Aliyev's ruling New Azerbaijan Party is widely expected to win since the The Musavat (Equality) Party and other Azerbaijani mainstream opposition parties are boycotting. The Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) is not monitoring the election because the restrictions imposed by the authorities make credible poll monitoring impossible. ](/news/2015/11/1/azeri-voters-go-to-the-polls-for-a-parliamentary-election-which-azerbaijan-president-ilham-aliyev-s-ruling-new-azerbaijan-party-is-widely-e.md) _Context: Azerbaijan, Ilham Aliyev's_
