### [2006-06-27](/news/2006/06/27/index.md)

#  Chadian rebels attack the neighboring Central African Republic. They have reportedly formed an alliance with CAR rebels. Large areas of both countries have descended into violence. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/5121792.stm)

### Related:

1. [Central African Republic conflict under the Djotodia administration:Six peacekeepers from Chad are killed in clashes in the Central African Republic. ](/news/2013/12/26/central-african-republic-conflict-under-the-djotodia-administration-psix-peacekeepers-from-chad-are-killed-in-clashes-in-the-central-african.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Chad_
2. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:Chad sends troops to the Central African Republic to help defend the town of Bria from the Seleka rebel coalition. ](/news/2012/12/19/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-pchad-sends-troops-to-the-central-african-republic-to-help-defend-the-town-of-bria-from-the-seleka-r.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Chad_
3. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:A coalition of rebel groups called ''Seleka'' take over the Central African Republic mining town of Bria, killing at least 15 government soldiers. The group is spearheaded by UFDR forces and has already taken five towns in its two-week offensive, which it claims is because of a lack of progress after a peace deal ended the 2004-2007 Bush War. Following an appeal for help from President Francois Bozize, the President of Chad Idriss Deby sends 20 vehicles of heavily armed troops to help quell the rebellion. ](/news/2012/12/18/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-pa-coalition-of-rebel-groups-called-seleka-take-over-the-central-african-republic-mining-town-of.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Chad_
4. [Rebels from Chad rob 40 people &ndash; including a local government official &ndash; in attacks in the Central African Republic. ](/news/2012/02/19/rebels-from-chad-rob-40-people-ndash-including-a-local-government-official-ndash-in-attacks-in-the-central-african-republic.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Chad_
5. [ France calls for a joint force of United Nations and European Union peacekeepers in parts of Chad and the Central African Republic bordering the Darfur region of Sudan. ](/news/2007/09/19/france-calls-for-a-joint-force-of-united-nations-and-european-union-peacekeepers-in-parts-of-chad-and-the-central-african-republic-borderin.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Chad_
6. [ War in Chad (2005-present) and Central African Republic Bush War: Chad has offered to send troops to the Central African Republic to help fight rebels it claims are backed by Sudan. ](/news/2006/11/18/war-in-chad-2005apresent-and-central-african-republic-bush-war-p-chad-has-offered-to-send-troops-to-the-central-african-republic-to-hel.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Chad_
7. [ The United Front for Democratic Change has attacked and gained control of the cities of Haraze Mangueigne, Am Timan, and Abou-Deia, in Chad. Their initial attack came from northern Central African Republic with the help of the Military of Sudan. This is the largest and most successful attack since the start of the Chadian-Sudanese conflict despite taking only an hour, with only four men injured and none killed because the Chadian military has either fled or refused to fight the rebels. ](/news/2006/04/8/the-united-front-for-democratic-change-has-attacked-and-gained-control-of-the-cities-of-haraze-mangueigne-am-timan-and-abou-deia-in-chad.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Chad_
8. [Arms trader Jacques Monsieur is to defend himself again at a Brussels court against accusations of arms trafficking to Libya, Chad, Guinea-Bissau, Pakistan and Iran between 2006 and 2009. ](/news/2017/04/21/arms-trader-jacques-monsieur-is-to-defend-himself-again-at-a-brussels-court-against-accusations-of-arms-trafficking-to-libya-chad-guinea-b.md) _Context: Chad_
9. [Jean-Pierre Bemba, leader of the Movement for the Liberation of the Congo, and a former Congolese vice president, is sentenced to 18 years in prison by the International Criminal Court for war crimes, and for sexual violence crimes against humanity in neighboring Central African Republic during 2002 and 2003. ](/news/2016/06/21/jean-pierre-bemba-leader-of-the-movement-for-the-liberation-of-the-congo-and-a-former-congolese-vice-president-is-sentenced-to-18-years-i.md) _Context: Central African Republic_
10. [  Hissene Habre, ex president of Chad, is sentenced to life in prison for ordering rape, sexual slavery and killings during his rule from 1982 to 1990. ](/news/2016/05/30/hissene-habre-ex-president-of-chad-is-sentenced-to-life-in-prison-for-ordering-rape-sexual-slavery-and-killings-during-his-rule-from-19.md) _Context: Chad_
