### [2006-06-27](/news/2006/06/27/index.md)

#  Ronaldo broke the all-time FIFA World Cup finals goal-scoring record of 14 goals set by Gerd Muller of Germany, scoring his 15th World Cup goal, and Brazil's first goal of the match (Round of 16), against Ghana in his 18th World Cup match.




### Related:

1. [FIFA shares results of their investigation with legal authorities showing former president Sepp Blatter and two others gave themselves  nearly $80 million over the past five years via annual raises and World Cup bonuses. ](/news/2016/06/3/fifa-shares-results-of-their-investigation-with-legal-authorities-showing-former-president-sepp-blatter-and-two-others-gave-themselves-near.md) _Context: World Cup_
2. [FIFA's independent ethics investigator Michael J. Garcia resigns from that position in protest over the organization's handling of his compiled report on corruption allegations in connection with the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 FIFA World Cups. ](/news/2014/12/17/fifa-s-independent-ethics-investigator-michael-j-garcia-resigns-from-that-position-in-protest-over-the-organization-s-handling-of-his-compi.md) _Context: World Cup_
3. [2014 FIFA World Cup qualification:In the AFC Fourth Round, Japan, on the verge of becoming the first team to qualify for the 2014 FIFA World Cup, suffers a shock loss to Jordan, whose own chances of qualifying for their first ever FIFA World Cup are boosted by the result in Amman. ](/news/2013/03/26/2014-fifa-world-cup-qualification-pin-the-afc-fourth-round-japan-on-the-verge-of-becoming-the-first-team-to-qualify-for-the-2014-fifa-worl.md) _Context: World Cup_
4. [Barcelona's star Lionel Messi scores twice against Real Betis, his 85th and 86th goals in a calendar year, breaking the record created by German legend Gerd Muller (85 goals) in 1972. ](/news/2012/12/9/barcelona-s-star-lionel-messi-scores-twice-against-real-betis-his-85th-and-86th-goals-in-a-calendar-year-breaking-the-record-created-by-ge.md) _Context: Gerd Müller_
5. [Lionel Messi breaks Gerd Muller's scoring record for a single European football season with a league hat-trick as Barcelona defeat Malaga. ](/news/2012/05/2/lionel-messi-breaks-gerd-ma1-4ller-s-scoring-record-for-a-single-european-football-season-with-a-league-hat-trick-as-barcelona-defeat-malaga.md) _Context: Gerd Müller_
6. [A United Kingdom House of Commons inquiry into allegations of corruption associated with bids for the 2018 and 2022 FIFA World Cup tournaments accuses FIFA of trying to dismiss the allegations and questions FIFA President Sepp Blatter's commitment to reform. ](/news/2011/07/5/a-united-kingdom-house-of-commons-inquiry-into-allegations-of-corruption-associated-with-bids-for-the-2018-and-2022-fifa-world-cup-tournamen.md) _Context: World Cup_
7. [The soccer player Ronaldo, who retired recently, joins Brazil's 2014 FIFA World Cup organising committee. ](/news/2011/02/18/the-soccer-player-ronaldo-who-retired-recently-joins-brazil-s-2014-fifa-world-cup-organising-committee.md) _Context: Ronaldo_
8. [The European General Court rules in favour of Belgian and British broadcasting restrictions requiring football matches at the World Cup and European Championships on to be available on free-to-air TV. ](/news/2011/02/17/the-european-general-court-rules-in-favour-of-belgian-and-british-broadcasting-restrictions-requiring-football-matches-at-the-world-cup-and.md) _Context: World Cup_
9. [In soccer, Brazilian media reports that Brazil national football team star Ronaldo is to retire at the age of 34. ](/news/2011/02/14/in-soccer-brazilian-media-reports-that-brazil-national-football-team-star-ronaldo-is-to-retire-at-the-age-of-34.md) _Context: Ronaldo_
10. [Slovakia defeat defending champion Italy by a 3-2 score; following France's elimination on Tuesday, this marks the first time in World Cup history that both previous finalists fail to progress beyond the first round of play. ](/news/2010/06/24/slovakia-defeat-defending-champion-italy-by-a-3-2-score-following-france-s-elimination-on-tuesday-this-marks-the-first-time-in-world-cup-h.md) _Context: World Cup_
