### [2017-04-2](/news/2017/04/2/index.md)

# Armenian parliamentary election, 2017. Voters in Armenia go to the polls for an election, the first since constitutional changes were approved in a referendum in 2015, which changed the country's governance from a semi-presidential system to a parliamentary republic. Opinion polls predict a tight race between the nationalist Republican Party, led by President Serzh Sargsyan, and the centre-right Prosperous Armenia, led by Gagik Tsarukyan. With votes from 64% of the polling stations counted, the Republican Party leads with 49.7% of votes. 

Armenia’s ruling Republican Party led by the president has taken a clear lead in the parliamentary polls with 49.7% of the vote, according to data processed from 64% of the polling stations


### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](https://www.rferl.org/a/armenian-vote-parliament-sarkisian-tsarukian/28404992.html)
2. [TASS](http://tass.com/world/938878)

### Related:

1. [Armenian parliamentary election, 2017. Authorities declare that the Republican Party, led by President Serzh Sargsyan, wins the Armenia election amid accusations by opposition parties and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe of voting irregularities. ](/news/2017/04/3/armenian-parliamentary-election-2017-authorities-declare-that-the-republican-party-led-by-president-serzh-sargsyan-wins-the-armenia-elec.md) _Context: Armenia, Armenian parliamentary election, 2017, Republican Party, Serzh Sargsyan_
2. [Armenian constitutional referendum, 2015. Armenian voters approve, by 63.35 percent to 32.42 percent, proposed amendments to the Constitution that change the country's form of government to a parliamentary republic. Sunday's election had a 50.51 percent turnout of its registered voters. The opposition alleged wide-spread fraud which the Armenian Revolutionary Federation said didn't happen. [http://asbarez.com/142597/armenia-adopts-new-constitution/ ("Asbarez")] ](/news/2015/12/7/armenian-constitutional-referendum-2015-armenian-voters-approve-by-63-35-percent-to-32-42-percent-proposed-amendments-to-the-constitutio.md) _Context: Armenia, parliamentary republic, referendum_
3. [Nagorno-Karabakh constitutional referendum, 2017. In a referendum held yesterday in the breakaway state of Nagorno-Karabakh (a region long claimed by both Azerbaijan and Armenia), 87.6% of voters approve changing the country's governance system from semi-presidential to full presidential, therefore abolishing the position of prime minister. ](/news/2017/02/21/nagorno-karabakh-constitutional-referendum-2017-in-a-referendum-held-yesterday-in-the-breakaway-state-of-nagorno-karabakh-a-region-long-c.md) _Context: Armenia, semi-presidential system_
4. [Pope Francis, in his first speech upon arrival at the presidential palace of Serzh Sargsyan in the Armenian capital Yerevan, denounces the planned genocide of Armenians by Ottoman-era Turks a century ago, though the word "genocide" was not included in his prepared speech. ](/news/2016/06/24/pope-francis-in-his-first-speech-upon-arrival-at-the-presidential-palace-of-serzh-sargsyan-in-the-armenian-capital-yerevan-denounces-the-p.md) _Context: Armenia, Serzh Sargsyan_
5. [Nagorno-Karabakh conflict. Armenia-Azerbaijan relations. Armenia will recognize the independence of the breakaway Nagorno-Karabakh Republic from Azerbaijan if military actions there continue, according to Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan. Azerbaijan has resorted to an "unprecedented provocation along the entire perimeter of the contact line" with Nagorno-Karabakh, Sargsyan told a meeting with ambassadors from member states of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, referring to the latest flare-up of the conflict. ](/news/2016/04/4/nagorno-karabakh-conflict-armenia-azerbaijan-relations-armenia-will-recognize-the-independence-of-the-breakaway-nagorno-karabakh-republi.md) _Context: Armenia, Serzh Sargsyan_
6. [Armenian constitutional referendum, 2015. Voters in Armenia go to the polls to vote in a referendum to change from a presidential to a parliamentary form of government. ](/news/2015/12/6/armenian-constitutional-referendum-2015-voters-in-armenia-go-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-a-referendum-to-change-from-a-presidential-to-a-parli.md) _Context: Armenia, referendum_
7. [The Constitutional Court of Armenia upholds the reelection of President Serzh Sargsyan in the recent presidential election. ](/news/2013/03/14/the-constitutional-court-of-armenia-upholds-the-reelection-of-president-serzh-sargsyan-in-the-recent-presidential-election.md) _Context: Armenia, Serzh Sargsyan_
8. [Official partial returns from the Armenian presidential election indicate that incumbent President Serzh Sargsyan will be reelected in a landslide with the leading Opposition candidate Raffi Hovannisian raising concerns about irregularities. ](/news/2013/02/19/official-partial-returns-from-the-armenian-presidential-election-indicate-that-incumbent-president-serzh-sargsyan-will-be-reelected-in-a-lan.md) _Context: Armenia, Serzh Sargsyan_
9. [Voters in Armenia go to the polls for a presidential election with incumbent President Serzh Sargsyan expected to win. Independent observers including the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe have expressed concern about the conduct of the elections. ](/news/2013/02/18/voters-in-armenia-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-incumbent-president-serzh-sargsyan-expected-to-win-independent-observers.md) _Context: Armenia, Serzh Sargsyan_
10. [Voters in Armenia go to the polls for a parliamentary election with exit polls showing the ruling Republican Party doing well. ](/news/2012/05/6/voters-in-armenia-go-to-the-polls-for-a-parliamentary-election-with-exit-polls-showing-the-ruling-republican-party-doing-well.md) _Context: Armenia, Republican Party_
