### [2017-04-2](/news/2017/04/2/index.md)

# Voters in Serbia go to the polls for an election, which Prime Minster Aleksandar Vucic of the conservative Serbian Progressive Party is expected to win. In projections, Vucic gets around 55% of the votes, avoiding a second round. 

Conservative Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic won Serbia&#039;s presidential election on Sunday, confirming his domination of the Balkan country.


### Source:

1. [CNBC](http://www.cnbc.com/2017/04/03/serbias-aleksandar-vucic-confirms-domination-with-presidential-win.html)
2. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](https://www.rferl.org/a/vucic-serbia-presidential-election/28404991.html)

### Related:

1. [Serbian president Aleksandar Vucic nominates Ana Brnabic as the next Prime Minister of Serbia. If confirmed by the National Assembly, Brnabic will become Serbia's first female and lesbian Prime Minister. ](/news/2017/06/15/serbian-president-aleksandar-vuaia-nominates-ana-brnabia-as-the-next-prime-minister-of-serbia-if-confirmed-by-the-national-assembly-brn.md) _Context: Aleksandar Vucic, Prime Minister of Serbia, Serbia_
2. [Serbian President Tomislav Nikolic, at the request of Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic, dissolves Serbia's parliament and calls for early elections to take place on April 24. ](/news/2016/03/4/serbian-president-tomislav-nikolia-at-the-request-of-serbian-prime-minister-aleksandar-vuaia-dissolves-serbia-s-parliament-and-calls-fo.md) _Context: Aleksandar Vucic, Prime Minister of Serbia, Serbia_
3. [Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic is pelted with stones and other objects as he attempts to pay respects to the victims of the Bosnian Genocide, Vucic is a former member of the Serbian Radical Party, a far right anti-Islam party. ](/news/2015/07/11/serbian-prime-minister-aleksandar-vuaia-is-pelted-with-stones-and-other-objects-as-he-attempts-to-pay-respects-to-the-victims-of-the-bosni.md) _Context: Aleksandar Vucic, Prime Minister of Serbia, Serbia_
4. [Roughly 2,000 people protest in Belgrade against alleged fraud in the country's recent election. The protesters accuse Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic of manipulating the results in order to prevent the far-right Dveri party from reaching the 5-percent threshold and gaining seats in the National Assembly. A repeat vote is expected on May 4 in locations where voting irregularities have been found. ](/news/2016/04/30/roughly-2-000-people-protest-in-belgrade-against-alleged-fraud-in-the-country-s-recent-election-the-protesters-accuse-prime-minister-aleksa.md) _Context: Aleksandar Vucic, Prime Minister of Serbia_
5. [An attacker throws a grenade and fires shots outside a sports hall in the small town of Zubin Potok in northern Kosovo, just hours before Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic was due to hold an election rally there. "A hand grenade exploded outside the sports hall but there are no injuries," Besim Hoti, a Kosovo police commander in the area, told Reuters. ](/news/2016/04/3/an-attacker-throws-a-grenade-and-fires-shots-outside-a-sports-hall-in-the-small-town-of-zubin-potok-in-northern-kosovo-just-hours-before-se.md) _Context: Aleksandar Vucic, Prime Minister of Serbia_
6. [Serbians elect a new parliament under the backdrop of its accession to the European Union. Preliminary results indicate the incumbent, pro-EU populists sweeping the election. ](/news/2016/04/24/serbians-elect-a-new-parliament-under-the-backdrop-of-its-accession-to-the-european-union-preliminary-results-indicate-the-incumbent-pro-e.md) _Context: Serbia, Serbian Progressive Party_
7. [Voters in Serbia go to the polls for an early parliamentary election. The centre right SNS is reported to be receiving around 50% of the popular vote. ](/news/2014/03/16/voters-in-serbia-go-to-the-polls-for-an-early-parliamentary-election-the-centre-right-sns-is-reported-to-be-receiving-around-50-of-the-pop.md) _Context: Serbia, Serbian Progressive Party_
8. [Serbia's Prime Minister Ivica Dacic, who was flashed by a model without underwear masquerading as a television interviewer, launches an investigation into how he became the target of the prank. ](/news/2013/01/31/serbia-s-prime-minister-ivica-daaia-who-was-flashed-by-a-model-without-underwear-masquerading-as-a-television-interviewer-launches-an-in.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Serbia, Serbia_
9. [Luka Bojovic, an alleged member of the Zemun Clan, is arrested in Valencia, Spain, for involvement in over 20 murders in Serbia, the Netherlands and Spain, including the killing of former Prime Minister of Serbia Zoran Dindic. ](/news/2012/02/10/luka-bojovia-an-alleged-member-of-the-zemun-clan-is-arrested-in-valencia-spain-for-involvement-in-over-20-murders-in-serbia-the-nether.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Serbia, Serbia_
10. [A 50,000-strong anti-government demonstration calling for snap elections takes place in Belgrade, Serbia, with leader of the opposition Serbian Progressive Party Tomislav Nikolic announcing he is to begin a hunger strike until new elections. ](/news/2011/04/16/a-50-000-strong-anti-government-demonstration-calling-for-snap-elections-takes-place-in-belgrade-serbia-with-leader-of-the-opposition-serb.md) _Context: Serbia, Serbian Progressive Party_
