### [2015-08-30](/news/2015/08/30/index.md)

# Dominican Prime Minister Roosevelt Skerrit declares disaster status for nine local areas where access by road is impossible after flooding and mudslides from Tropical Storm Erika which killed at least 20 people and left more than 50 missing. Skerrit also appealed for international aid. 

Rescue teams worked Sunday to reopen roads to remote communities in Dominica after Tropical Storm Erika caused flooding and mudslides that killed at least 20 people and left more than 50 missing on the Caribbean island.


### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2015/08/30/dominica-declares-disaster-status-appeals-for-aid-after-erika-leaves-20-dead/)

### Related:

1. [Dominican Prime Minister Roosevelt Skerrit reports that Tropical Storm Erika has left at least 12 dead and more than 20 missing. Erika deposited almost 12 inches of rain in less than 10 hours and caused extensive damage across the island as floods wiped out roads, swamped villages, and started mudslides. ](/news/2015/08/28/dominican-prime-minister-roosevelt-skerrit-reports-that-tropical-storm-erika-has-left-at-least-12-dead-and-more-than-20-missing-erika-depos.md) _Context: 2015 Atlantic hurricane season, Dominica, Prime Minister, Roosevelt Skerrit, Tropical Storm Erika_
2. [Four people are killed on the Caribbean island of Dominica as a result of floods and landslides caused by Tropical Storm Erika. ](/news/2015/08/27/four-people-are-killed-on-the-caribbean-island-of-dominica-as-a-result-of-floods-and-landslides-caused-by-tropical-storm-erika.md) _Context: 2015 Atlantic hurricane season, Dominica_
3. [Hurricane Maria makes landfall on Dominica as a category 5 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 160 mph (260 km/h). Maria is the second category 5 hurricane to make landfall at that intensity in the 2017 season, making this and 2007 the only seasons on record to feature this occurence. ](/news/2017/09/19/hurricane-maria-makes-landfall-on-dominica-as-a-category-5-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-160-mph-260-km-h-maria-is-the-second.md) _Context: Dominica_
4. [The United States National Transportation Safety Board announces it has completed its search of the sunken "El Faro", but did not find the voyage data recorder, i.e., the black box. ](/news/2015/11/16/the-united-states-national-transportation-safety-board-announces-it-has-completed-its-search-of-the-sunken-el-faro-but-did-not-find-the-v.md) _Context: 2015 Atlantic hurricane season_
5. [U.S. Coast Guard searchers, looking for the 790-foot El Faro cargo ship missing since Thursday, locate multiple objects, including life jackets, life rings, containers, and an oil sheen in the waters off The Bahamas. Connection to El Faro is not immediately confirmed. ](/news/2015/10/4/u-s-coast-guard-searchers-looking-for-the-790-foot-el-faro-cargo-ship-missing-since-thursday-locate-multiple-objects-including-life-jack.md) _Context: 2015 Atlantic hurricane season_
6. [Hurricane Joaquin becomes a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph. Some additional strengthening is possible tomorrow. The storm, moving at just 6 mph, is predicted to drop 10 to 15 inches of rain in the central Bahamas with up to five inches expected for the rest of the archipelago. ](/news/2015/10/1/hurricane-joaquin-becomes-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-some-additional-strengthening-is-possible-tomorrow.md) _Context: 2015 Atlantic hurricane season_
7. [Tropical Storm Fred's predicted track will turn northeast toward the Azores islands off the coast of Portugal as a Tropical Depression. ](/news/2015/09/4/tropical-storm-fred-s-predicted-track-will-turn-northeast-toward-the-azores-islands-off-the-coast-of-portugal-as-a-tropical-depression.md) _Context: 2015 Atlantic hurricane season_
8. [Hurricane Joaquin passes over ocean with temperatures near 86degF (30degC) - the warmest since record keeping began in 1880. ](/news/2015/09/30/hurricane-joaquin-passes-over-ocean-with-temperatures-near-86adegf-30adegc-the-warmest-since-record-keeping-began-in-1880.md) _Context: 2015 Atlantic hurricane season_
9. [Hurricane Fred hits Cape Verde causing flooding and the closure of airports. ](/news/2015/08/31/hurricane-fred-hits-cape-verde-causing-flooding-and-the-closure-of-airports.md) _Context: 2015 Atlantic hurricane season_
10. [Five deaths occurred in Haiti as Tropical Storm Erika dumped heavy rains there, on the Dominican Republic, and on Puerto Rico. The storm weakened to a Tropical Depression before it hit Cuba (max winds 56 kph (35 mph), heading to the southeastern Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2015/08/29/five-deaths-occurred-in-haiti-as-tropical-storm-erika-dumped-heavy-rains-there-on-the-dominican-republic-and-on-puerto-rico-the-storm-wea.md) _Context: 2015 Atlantic hurricane season_
