### [2015-08-30](/news/2015/08/30/index.md)

#  Hurricane Ignacio, which has weakened to a Category 3 (115 mph) storm, is expected to side-step Hawaii this week though will still generate high surf, rain and powerful winds. The Big Island and Maui remain on a tropical storm watch. Ignacio may re-strengthen to a hurricane when he clears Oahu on Wednesday. 

Hurricane Ignacio has been flexing his muscles and forcing Hawaiians to take notice as he marches across the Pacific toward the island paradise and surf mecca


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/2015/08/30/storm-ignacio-idINL1N1150KK20150830)
2. [The Inquisitr](http://www.inquisitr.com/2379655/hurricane-ignacio-set-to-blow-past-hawaii-bringing-epic-rain-and-monster-surf/#ebQbukxKltDKcZS8.99)

### Related:

1. [2014 Pacific hurricane season:Residents in the US state of Hawaii prepare for the impact of Hurricane Iselle expected to hit the island of Hawaii as a Category 1 hurricane before weakening to a tropical storm when it hits the islands of Maui and Oahu. ](/news/2014/08/7/2014-pacific-hurricane-season-presidents-in-the-us-state-of-hawaii-prepare-for-the-impact-of-hurricane-iselle-expected-to-hit-the-island-of.md) _Context: Hawaii, Maui, Oahu, island of Hawaii_
2. [Tropical Storm Ignacio, currently headed north-northwest away from Hawaii, is anticipated  to turn northeast on Sunday, heading for the Alaskan panhandle and northwestern British Columbia. ](/news/2015/09/4/tropical-storm-ignacio-currently-headed-north-northwest-away-from-hawaii-is-anticipated-to-turn-northeast-on-sunday-heading-for-the-alas.md) _Context: 2015 Pacific hurricane season, Hawaii, Tropical Storm Ignacio_
3. [Billy Kenoi, the mayor of Hawaii's Big Island, declares a state of emergency to deal with the growing outbreak of dengue fever, which is spread by infected mosquitoes. ](/news/2016/02/8/billy-kenoi-the-mayor-of-hawaii-s-big-island-declares-a-state-of-emergency-to-deal-with-the-growing-outbreak-of-dengue-fever-which-is-spr.md) _Context: Hawaii, island of Hawaii_
4. [Tropical Storm Niala forms off the coast of the Hawaiian islands with the likelihood of heavy rain on the island of Hawaii (''Big Island'') over the weekend. ](/news/2015/09/26/tropical-storm-niala-forms-off-the-coast-of-the-hawaiian-islands-with-the-likelihood-of-heavy-rain-on-the-island-of-hawaii-big-island.md) _Context: 2015 Pacific hurricane season, island of Hawaii_
5. [Hawaii Governor David Ige signs an emergency proclamation in anticipation of the arrival of Hurricane Ignacio on Monday. Ignacio is expected to strengthen to Category 2 this weekend. The state is still recovering from precipitation from Tropical Storm Kilo which skirted the islands earlier this week. In addition, Hurricane Jimena, which is expected to intensify to near category 5 strength on Saturday, is trailing Ignacio and also heading toward Hawaii. ](/news/2015/08/28/hawaii-governor-david-ige-signs-an-emergency-proclamation-in-anticipation-of-the-arrival-of-hurricane-ignacio-on-monday-ignacio-is-expected.md) _Context: 2015 Pacific hurricane season, Tropical Storm Ignacio_
6. [ The discovery of two sunken World War II Japanese submarines off Oahu, Hawaii, is announced. ](/news/2009/11/12/the-discovery-of-two-sunken-world-war-ii-japanese-submarines-off-oahu-hawaii-is-announced.md) _Context: Hawaii, Oahu_
7. [ Hawaii earthquake: A 6.7-magnitude earthquake and a series of aftershocks hit the U.S. state of Hawaii at 7:07am local time, with an epicentre 9 miles (14 km) NNW of Kalaoa. 95% of power was lost throughout the state. Widespread structural damage on the Big Island is being reported, but no major injuries and no fatalities as of yet. Airports are only accepting incoming flights. ](/news/2006/10/15/hawaii-earthquake-a-6-7-magnitude-earthquake-and-a-series-of-aftershocks-hit-the-u-s-state-of-hawaii-at-7-07am-local-time-with-an-epicen.md) _Context: Hawaii, island of Hawaii_
8. [A request by the state of Hawaii to issue an order blocking President Donald Trump's Executive Order 13780 is rejected in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.](/news/2017/07/7/a-request-by-the-state-of-hawaii-to-issue-an-order-blocking-president-donald-trump-s-executive-order-13780-is-rejected-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Hawaii_
9. [The state of Hawaii becomes the first state to enact a law, to document sea level rise and set strategies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, that aligns the state's goals with the Paris climate accord. Governor David Ige  says the islands are seeing the impacts of climate change first-hand. ](/news/2017/06/8/the-state-of-hawaii-becomes-the-first-state-to-enact-a-law-to-document-sea-level-rise-and-set-strategies-to-reduce-greenhouse-gas-emissions.md) _Context: Hawaii_
10. [A U.S. federal judge in Hawaii, finding the revised federal immigration/refugee executive order violates the U.S. Constitution's religious establishment clause, grants the state of Hawaii's motion for a nationwide temporary restraining order on these rules that were set to become effective at midnight. President Donald Trump vows to appeal this ruling. Two other federal courts held hearings on similar requests filed by the states of Maryland and Washington; neither of these judges issued a ruling. ](/news/2017/03/15/a-u-s-federal-judge-in-hawaii-finding-the-revised-federal-immigration-refugee-executive-order-violates-the-u-s-constitution-s-religious-e.md) _Context: Hawaii_
