### [2015-08-30](/news/2015/08/30/index.md)

# The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims that ISIL has blown up the ancient Temple of Bel in Palmyra. 




### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2015/08/31/isis-damages-ancient-temple-in-syria-palmyra-activists-say/)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. ISIL militants execute 12 people in Palmyra, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/01/19/syrian-civil-war-isil-militants-execute-12-people-in-palmyra-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights.md) _Context: Palmyra, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
2. [Syrian Civil War. Palmyra offensive (December 2016). ISIL recaptures the Syrian city of Palmyra despite heavy Russian airstrikes, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and Palmyra Coordination Committee (PCC). ](/news/2016/12/11/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-december-2016-isil-recaptures-the-syrian-city-of-palmyra-despite-heavy-russian-airstrikes-according.md) _Context: Palmyra, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
3. [Syrian Civil War. Palmyra offensive (December 2016). The SOHR and Amaq announce that ISIL has captured an oil field north-west of Palmyra. ](/news/2016/12/10/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-december-2016-the-sohr-and-amaq-announce-that-isil-has-captured-an-oil-field-north-west-of-palmyra.md) _Context: Palmyra, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
4. [Syrian Civil War. Palmyra offensive (March 2016). Syrian troops advance into Palmyra on multiple fronts with the help of Russian airstrikes and take several neighbourhoods, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. However they were unable to encircle the city. ](/news/2016/03/26/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-march-2016-syrian-troops-advance-into-palmyra-on-multiple-fronts-with-the-help-of-russian-airstrikes.md) _Context: Palmyra, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
5. [Syrian Civil War. Palmyra offensive (March 2016). Airstrikes by Syrian or Russian warplanes on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah in northern Syria, leaves at least 39 people dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Airstrikes on the city of Palmyra and nearby villages are said to have killed at least 18 ISIL militants, as the Syrian Army advance on the city. ](/news/2016/03/19/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-march-2016-airstrikes-by-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-on-isil-s-de-facto-capital-al-raqqah-in-northern.md) _Context: Palmyra, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
6. [Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports Russia conducted multiple airstrikes on ISIS-held Palmyra. ](/news/2015/11/3/russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-russia-conducted-mu.md) _Context: Palmyra, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
7. [Syrian Civil War. Destruction of cultural heritage by ISIL. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports the Islamic State, on Sunday, executed three detainees in the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra by strapping them to pillars and blowing them up with the antiquities. ISIL has yet to tell locals the identities of the three individuals or say why they had been killed. ](/news/2015/10/27/syrian-civil-war-destruction-of-cultural-heritage-by-isil-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-the-islamic-state-on-sunday-ex.md) _Context: Palmyra, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
8. [Destruction of cultural heritage by ISIL. The United Nations confirms the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant has completely destroyed the Temple of Bel in Palmyra, Syria, after earlier reports that the structure was mostly intact. ](/news/2015/09/1/destruction-of-cultural-heritage-by-isil-the-united-nations-confirms-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-has-completely-destroyed-the.md) _Context: Palmyra, Temple of Bel_
9. [Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. Tadmur offensive (July-August 2015). Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims that ISIL has kidnapped at least 230 people, including at least 60 Christians, from Al-Qaryatayn in the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2015/08/7/islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-tadmur-offensive-july-august-2015-syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-claim.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
10. [Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant is reported to have blown up the ancient Baalshamin temple in Palmyra, Syria. ](/news/2015/08/23/islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-is-reported-to-have-blown-up-the-ancient-baalshamin-temple-in-palmyra-syria.md) _Context: ISIL, Palmyra_
