### [2005-11-24](/news/2005/11/24/index.md)

#  Canadian federal election, 2006: Opposition leader Stephen Harper introduces a motion of no confidence in the Canadian House of Commons.  With the support of all opposition parties, it is expected to pass on Monday, toppling Prime Minister Paul Martin's minority Liberals and forcing a campaign spanning the holiday season. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/4467536.stm)
2. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/canada/story/2005/11/24/ottawa-politics051124.html)

### Related:

1. [ In the Canadian federal election, the Conservatives win a plurality of seats in the House of Commons to form a minority government. Stephen Harper is to become the next Prime Minister. ](/news/2006/01/23/in-the-canadian-federal-election-the-conservatives-win-a-plurality-of-seats-in-the-house-of-commons-to-form-a-minority-government-stephen.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons, Canadian Prime Minister, Canadian federal election, 2006, Stephen Harper, minority government_
2. [The minority of the Conservative Party of Canada led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper is defeated in a no confidence motion in the House of Commons with an election to be held in early May. ](/news/2011/03/25/the-minority-of-the-conservative-party-of-canada-led-by-prime-minister-stephen-harper-is-defeated-in-a-no-confidence-motion-in-the-house-of.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons, Canadian Prime Minister, Stephen Harper, minority government_
3. [ Canadian federal election, 2006: Prime Minister Paul Martin's minority government is defeated in a confidence motion by a vote of 171 - 133. The Prime Minister announces he will request a dissolution of parliament from the Governor General tomorrow. [http://www.cbc.ca/canada/story/2005/11/28/noconfidencevote051128.html (CBC)].](/news/2005/11/28/canadian-federal-election-2006-prime-minister-paul-martin-s-minority-government-is-defeated-in-a-confidence-motion-by-a-vote-of-171-133.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Canadian federal election, 2006, Paul Martin, minority government_
4. [ Stephen Harper, Gilles Duceppe and Jack Layton, leaders of Canada's three parliamentary opposition parties, issue a joint ultimatum calling for the next Canadian federal election to be moved forward to early February from the April date favoured by the government. They threaten to pass a motion of non-confidence and force an election at Christmas if Paul Martin's Liberal government does not accede to the move in writing. Martin rejects their proposal. ](/news/2005/11/13/stephen-harper-gilles-duceppe-and-jack-layton-leaders-of-canada-s-three-parliamentary-opposition-parties-issue-a-joint-ultimatum-calling.md) _Context: Liberal Party's, Paul Martin, Stephen Harper, opposition parties_
5. [The minority government led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper is reprimanded by the Canadian House of Commons for failing to produce documents but avoids a no confidence motion. ](/news/2011/03/9/the-minority-government-led-by-prime-minister-stephen-harper-is-reprimanded-by-the-canadian-house-of-commons-for-failing-to-produce-document.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons, Canadian Prime Minister, Stephen Harper_
6. [ 2008 Canadian parliamentary dispute: At the request of Prime Minister Stephen Harper, Governor General of Canada Michalle Jean prorogues the parliament until January 26, 2009, to avoid a confidence motion by a newly-formed coalition of opposition parties. ](/news/2008/12/4/2008-canadian-parliamentary-dispute-at-the-request-of-prime-minister-stephen-harper-governor-general-of-canada-michaelle-jean-prorogues-t.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Stephen Harper, no-confidence_
7. [ The Prime Minister of Canada Stephen Harper appoints a five-member advisory committee on Afghanistan to be chaired by John Manley of the opposition Liberal Party of Canada. ](/news/2007/10/12/the-prime-minister-of-canada-stephen-harper-appoints-a-five-member-advisory-committee-on-afghanistan-to-be-chaired-by-john-manley-of-the-op.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Liberal Party's, Stephen Harper_
8. [ Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper and the Canadian House of Commons endorse a motion to declare that the Qubcois form a nation within a unified Canada. ](/news/2006/11/27/canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-and-the-canadian-house-of-commons-endorse-a-motion-to-declare-that-the-quebecois-form-a-nation-withi.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons, Canadian Prime Minister, Stephen Harper_
9. [ As Stephen Harper is sworn in as Canada's 22nd Prime Minister, David Emerson crosses the floor from the Liberal Party to join Harper's Conservative Party, and is appointed as Minister of International Trade. Harper also appointed Michael Fortier, an unelected party supporter, to minister of public works and government services and to the senate. ](/news/2006/02/6/as-stephen-harper-is-sworn-in-as-canada-s-22nd-prime-minister-david-emerson-crosses-the-floor-from-the-liberal-party-to-join-harper-s-cons.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Liberal Party's, Stephen Harper_
10. [ Defeated Canadian prime minister Paul Martin announces he will resign as leader of the Liberal Party. ](/news/2006/01/24/defeated-canadian-prime-minister-paul-martin-announces-he-will-resign-as-leader-of-the-liberal-party.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Liberal Party's, Paul Martin_
