### [2005-11-24](/news/2005/11/24/index.md)

#  The city of Khabarovsk in Far Eastern Russia declares a state of emergency as the 80 km benzene slick released by an explosion in a Chinese chemical plant on 13 November, which has already caused water supplies for 4 million inhabitants of the Chinese city of Harbin to be suspended, approaches the Amur river which is the main water source for 1.5 million people in Russia. 




### Source:

1. [Forbes](http://www.forbes.com/markets/feeds/afx/2005/11/24/afx2353457.html)
2. [Moscow Times](http://www.moscowtimes.ru/stories/2005/11/25/015.html)

### Related:

1. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: Khabarovsk, Russia_
2. [2011 Russian protests:A day of protests begins in cities across Russia against alleged election fraud by Vladimir Putin and his United Russia party, with fifty thousand people marching in Moscow and 25 people arrested in Khabarovsk. ](/news/2011/12/10/2011-russian-protests-pa-day-of-protests-begins-in-cities-across-russia-against-alleged-election-fraud-by-vladimir-putin-and-his-united-russ.md) _Context: Khabarovsk, Russia_
3. [ A second wave of pollutants from last year's toxic chemical spill in Jilin City, China, trapped in the frozen Amur and Songhua Rivers during the winter, is now being released by the spring thaw, affecting Khabarovsk and other settlements in the Russian Far East. ](/news/2006/05/1/a-second-wave-of-pollutants-from-last-year-s-toxic-chemical-spill-in-jilin-city-china-trapped-in-the-frozen-amur-and-songhua-rivers-durin.md) _Context: Amur, Khabarovsk_
4. [ Running water is restored to the city of Harbin, in Heilongjiang, China after several days of a water cut-off due to the toxic benzene spill. Yilan County, Heilongjiang, however, is still without running water. ](/news/2005/11/28/running-water-is-restored-to-the-city-of-harbin-in-heilongjiang-china-after-several-days-of-a-water-cut-off-due-to-the-toxic-benzene-spil.md) _Context: Harbin, benzene_
5. [ An explosion at a chemical factory on the Songhua River in northeastern China releases high levels of benzene into the river water.  Authorities shut off the water supply for the downstream city of Harbin. ](/news/2005/11/23/an-explosion-at-a-chemical-factory-on-the-songhua-river-in-northeastern-china-releases-high-levels-of-benzene-into-the-river-water-author.md) _Context: Harbin, benzene_
6. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Russia_
7. [A large scale international cyber-attack using the WannaCry ransomware package disrupts computer and telephone systems in thousands of cases across 99 countries. Affected organisations include: England's NHS, with doctors reporting messages demanding money; MegaFon and Sberbank in Russia; Telefonica, Iberdrola, and Gas Natural in Spain; and FedEx. ](/news/2017/05/12/a-large-scale-international-cyber-attack-using-the-wannacry-ransomware-package-disrupts-computer-and-telephone-systems-in-thousands-of-cases.md) _Context: Russia_
8. [The U.S. Attorney's Office in Alexandria, Virginia thru U.S. Attorney Dana Boente issues subpoenas to former National Security Advisor Michael T. Flynn to assess the extent of his ties to Russia. ](/news/2017/05/10/the-u-s-attorney-s-office-in-alexandria-virginia-thru-u-s-attorney-dana-boente-issues-subpoenas-to-former-national-security-advisor-micha.md) _Context: Russia_
9. [Russian authorities discover and deactivate an explosive device in a Saint Petersburg flat, during ongoing raids occurring in response to the bombing. ](/news/2017/04/6/russian-authorities-discover-and-deactivate-an-explosive-device-in-a-saint-petersburg-flat-during-ongoing-raids-occurring-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Russia_
10. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The ''Novaya Gazeta'' newspaper  reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: Russia_
