### [2005-11-24](/news/2005/11/24/index.md)

#  There are further calls in the media and Parliament of the United Kingdom for Prime Minister Tony Blair to publish a full account of his discussions with US President Bush on the bombing of Al Jazeera TV station headquarters in Doha. A memo on the conversation has been partly leaked to the ''Daily Mirror'' newspaper, before the Official Secrets Act was invoked. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/politics/4467878.stm)
2. [Guardian](http://politics.guardian.co.uk/iraq/story/0,12956,1649351,00.html)
3. [Adnki](http://www.adnki.com/index_2Level.php?cat=CultureAndMedia&loid=8.0.232620063&par=)

### Related:

1. [ ''Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-pa.md) _Context: British House of Commons, George W. Bush, Tony Blair, United Kingdom_
2. [ Al Jazeera bombing memo: British ''Daily Mirror'' tabloid publishes an article suggesting that George W. Bush discussed with Tony Blair a plan to bomb the offices of the Al Jazeera TV station. ](/news/2005/11/22/al-jazeera-bombing-memo-british-daily-mirror-tabloid-publishes-an-article-suggesting-that-george-w-bush-discussed-with-tony-blair-a-p.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Daily Mirror, George W. Bush, Tony Blair_
3. [ British polls open in the 2005 general election. Voters will elect 645 of the 646 members of the House of Commons. Most expect Tony Blair and his Labour Party to win, but both Michael Howard and the Conservative Party along with Charles Kennedy and the Liberal Democrats are expected to make major gains in Parliament. (Wikinews) ](/news/2005/05/5/british-polls-open-in-the-2005-general-election-voters-will-elect-645-of-the-646-members-of-the-house-of-commons-most-expect-tony-blair-a.md) _Context: British House of Commons, Tony Blair, United Kingdom_
4. [London in the United Kingdom wins the rights to host the 2017 World Athletics Championships ahead of Doha, Qatar. ](/news/2011/11/11/london-in-the-united-kingdom-wins-the-rights-to-host-the-2017-world-athletics-championships-ahead-of-doha-qatar.md) _Context: Doha, United Kingdom_
5. [A private note, due to remain secret despite calls for it to be published by the chairman of the Iraq Inquiry, shows former British prime minister Tony Blair privately assured former American president George W. Bush "you can count on us" before they jointly invaded Iraq prior to the Iraq War. ](/news/2011/01/21/a-private-note-due-to-remain-secret-despite-calls-for-it-to-be-published-by-the-chairman-of-the-iraq-inquiry-shows-former-british-prime-mi.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Tony Blair_
6. [Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair's autobiography ''A Journey'' goes on sale in the United Kingdom and becomes a bestseller. ](/news/2010/09/1/former-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-s-autobiography-a-journey-goes-on-sale-in-the-united-kingdom-and-becomes-a-bestseller.md) _Context: Tony Blair, United Kingdom_
7. [The BBC intervenes and tensions escalate after the UK cabinet members' threat to boycott ''Question Time'' unless Alastair Campbell, former adviser to Tony Blair, is removed from the panel. ](/news/2010/05/28/the-bbc-intervenes-and-tensions-escalate-after-the-uk-cabinet-members-threat-to-boycott-question-time-unless-alastair-campbell-former.md) _Context: Tony Blair, United Kingdom_
8. [Tony Blair appears at the Iraq Inquiry and is questioned in public for the first time about his decision to take the United Kingdom to war against Iraq. ](/news/2010/01/29/tony-blair-appears-at-the-iraq-inquiry-and-is-questioned-in-public-for-the-first-time-about-his-decision-to-take-the-united-kingdom-to-war-a.md) _Context: Tony Blair, United Kingdom_
9. [ United Kingdom Commons speaker John Bercow breaks with tradition by abandoning the traditional court dress worn by his predecessor Michael Martin. ](/news/2009/06/23/united-kingdom-commons-speaker-john-bercow-breaks-with-tradition-by-abandoning-the-traditional-court-dress-worn-by-his-predecessor-michael.md) _Context: British House of Commons, United Kingdom_
10. [ Edward Leigh's attempt to outlaw the creation of human-animal hybrid embryos in the United Kingdom is defeated by 336 votes to 176 in the British House of Commons. ](/news/2008/05/19/edward-leigh-s-attempt-to-outlaw-the-creation-of-human-animal-hybrid-embryos-in-the-united-kingdom-is-defeated-by-336-votes-to-176-in-the-b.md) _Context: British House of Commons, United Kingdom_
