### [2005-11-24](/news/2005/11/24/index.md)

#  Two people were injured in an accident at the Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade in New York City when the M&M's balloon was tangled in a light pole and fell near Times Square. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20051124/ap_on_re_us/thanksgiving_parade_16 (AP via Yahoo! News)] (Link dead as of 00:46, 15 January 2007 (UTC))




### Related:

1. [An automobile crashes into pedestrians in New York City's Times Square, killing one person and injuring several others. Police are investigating the incident as an accident. ](/news/2017/05/18/an-automobile-crashes-into-pedestrians-in-new-york-city-s-times-square-killing-one-person-and-injuring-several-others-police-are-investiga.md) _Context: New York City, Times Square_
2. [A photo of New York City Counterterrorism Officer Lawrence DePrimo, 25, taken today by an Arizona woman and posted on the New York City Police Department's Facebook page, which shows him buying a (normally $100) pair of waterproof winter boots from Skechers for a homeless Times Square man on 42nd Street without any shoes, goes viral, with 1.6 million views and 275,000 likes. ](/news/2012/11/16/a-photo-of-new-york-city-counterterrorism-officer-lawrence-deprimo-25-taken-today-by-an-arizona-woman-and-posted-on-the-new-york-city-poli.md) _Context: New York City, Times Square_
3. [Dominique Strauss-Kahn sex, rape and imprisonment charges:New York City police question International Monetary Fund head Dominique Strauss-Kahn, arrested yesterday, over allegations that he sexually attacked a hotel maid near Times Square. Strauss-Kahn's schedule is threatened with interruption, with a meeting over the bailouts of Portugal and Greece with European Union finance ministers due in Brussels tomorrow. ](/news/2011/05/15/dominique-strauss-kahn-sex-rape-and-imprisonment-charges-pnew-york-city-police-question-international-monetary-fund-head-dominique-strauss.md) _Context: New York City, Times Square_
4. [Part of New York City's Times Square is evacuated and sealed off as a  car bomb is discovered and deactivated before it could be detonated. ](/news/2010/05/1/part-of-new-york-city-s-times-square-is-evacuated-and-sealed-off-as-a-car-bomb-is-discovered-and-deactivated-before-it-could-be-detonated.md) _Context: New York City, Times Square_
5. [ A bomb causes minor damage to the door of a U.S. military recruiting center in Times Square, New York City. ](/news/2008/03/6/a-bomb-causes-minor-damage-to-the-door-of-a-u-s-military-recruiting-center-in-times-square-new-york-city.md) _Context: New York City, Times Square_
6. [SpaceX CEO Elon Musk says he has received federal government approval for The Boring Company to build an underground 760mph Hyperloop that will connect New York City and Washington, D.C.. ](/news/2017/07/20/spacex-ceo-elon-musk-says-he-has-received-federal-government-approval-for-the-boring-company-to-build-an-underground-760mph-hyperloop-that-w.md) _Context: New York City_
7. [A doctor thought to be formerly employed with the Bronx-Lebanon Hospital Center kills one and wounds five others at the facility in New York City. ](/news/2017/06/30/a-doctor-thought-to-be-formerly-employed-with-the-bronx-lebanon-hospital-center-kills-one-and-wounds-five-others-at-the-facility-in-new-york.md) _Context: New York City_
8. [The Tony Awards are held in New York City with ''Dear Evan Hansen'' winning six awards including Best Musical and ''Oslo'' winning best play. ](/news/2017/06/11/the-tony-awards-are-held-in-new-york-city-with-dear-evan-hansen-winning-six-awards-including-best-musical-and-oslo-winning-best-play.md) _Context: New York City_
9. [Amtrak Police taser a man at New York's Penn Station after the man allegedly became agitated due to a delayed train. Bystanders, falsely believing a shooting had occurred, caused a stampede, injuring more than a dozen people. ](/news/2017/04/14/amtrak-police-taser-a-man-at-new-york-s-penn-station-after-the-man-allegedly-became-agitated-due-to-a-delayed-train-bystanders-falsely-bel.md) _Context: New York City_
10. [New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio announces that he is developing a plan to close the Rikers Island prison within 10 years. ](/news/2017/03/31/new-york-city-mayor-bill-de-blasio-announces-that-he-is-developing-a-plan-to-close-the-rikers-island-prison-within-10-years.md) _Context: New York City_
