### [2005-07-6](/news/2005/07/6/index.md)

#  The International Olympic Committee names London, United Kingdom as the site of the 2012 Summer Olympics. 

Find the latest sports news and articles on the NFL, MLB, NBA, NHL, NCAA college football, NCAA college basketball and more at ABC News.


### Source:

1. [ABC](http://abcnews.go.com/Sports/wireStory?id=909526)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport1/hi/front_page/4655555.stm)
3. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2005/SPORT/07/05/singapore.olympics/index.html)

### Related:

1. [The International Olympic Committee rules that 271 of the 389 athletes nominated by the Russian Olympic Committee will be eligible to participate in the 2016 summer Olympics. ](/news/2016/08/4/the-international-olympic-committee-rules-that-271-of-the-389-athletes-nominated-by-the-russian-olympic-committee-will-be-eligible-to-partic.md) _Context: International Olympic Committee_
2. [The International Olympic Committee states it considers all Russian athletes tainted by the country's state-run doping scheme but individual athletes can compete in 2016 Games if they are able to convince individual sports federations of their innocence. A daunting task for these organizations to handle hundreds of appeals just 12 days before the start of the Rio Games on 5 August. ](/news/2016/07/24/the-international-olympic-committee-states-it-considers-all-russian-athletes-tainted-by-the-countryas-state-run-doping-scheme-but-individu.md) _Context: International Olympic Committee_
3. [The government of Kuwait sues the International Olympic Committee (IOC) for US$1.3 billion in damages over the suspension of its Olympic committee last October due to the government's interference in sports. ](/news/2016/06/23/the-government-of-kuwait-sues-the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-for-us-1-3-billion-in-damages-over-the-suspension-of-its-olympic-com.md) _Context: International Olympic Committee_
4. [The International Olympic Committee (IOC) upholds its ban on Russian track and field athletes participating in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro due to various doping scandals. IOC officials plan to gather next Tuesday to discuss the matter further. ](/news/2016/06/17/the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-upholds-its-ban-on-russian-track-and-field-athletes-participating-in-the-2016-summer-olympics-in-r.md) _Context: International Olympic Committee_
5. [Ten Olympic weightlifters fail a drug test in a reanalysis of samples from the 2012 Summer Olympics. Among them are four Kazakh gold medalists: Ilya Ilyin, Zulfiya Chinshanlo, Svetlana Podobedova and Maiya Maneza. The other athletes represent Azerbaijan, Belarus, Russia, and  Ukraine. All ten lifters are provisionally suspended by the International Weightlifting Federation and are expected to be stripped of their titles. ](/news/2016/06/16/ten-olympic-weightlifters-fail-a-drug-test-in-a-reanalysis-of-samples-from-the-2012-summer-olympics-among-them-are-four-kazakh-gold-medalis.md) _Context: 2012 Summer Olympics_
6. [The International Olympic Committee (IOC) executive board backs host Tokyo's  proposal to include baseball-softball, surfing, karate, sport climbing, and skateboarding in the 2020 Summer Olympics. The full IOC will vote on this in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, in August. ](/news/2016/06/1/the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-executive-board-backs-host-tokyo-s-proposal-to-include-baseball-softball-surfing-karate-sport.md) _Context: International Olympic Committee_
7. [Six Russian athletes are to be stripped of the medals they won at World and European championships in 2010 and 2011 and the 2012 Summer Olympics following a ruling by the Court of Arbitration for Sport. The athletes affected are Sergei Balukin, Valeriy Borchin, Vladimir Kanaikin, Olga Kaniskina, Yulia Zaripova and Sergey Kirdyapkin. The ruling means Kirdyapkin is set to lose his gold medal won at the 2012 Olympics. ](/news/2016/03/24/six-russian-athletes-are-to-be-stripped-of-the-medals-they-won-at-world-and-european-championships-in-2010-and-2011-and-the-2012-summer-olym.md) _Context: 2012 Summer Olympics_
8. [A World Anti-Doping Agency investigation into a Russian doping scandal recommends the suspension of Russian athletes from international competition and lifetime bans for five athletes, four coaches and an administrator. Among the athletes are London Olympic medalists Mariya Savinova-Farnosova and Ekaterina Poistogova. ](/news/2015/11/9/a-world-anti-doping-agency-investigation-into-a-russian-doping-scandal-recommends-the-suspension-of-russian-athletes-from-international-comp.md) _Context: 2012 Summer Olympics_
9. [Lamine Diack, who is provisionally suspended as an honorary member of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) in connection with  suspected involvement in the  Russian doping scandal cited in yesterday's World Anti-Doping Agency report, resigns as president of the Monaco-based International Athletics Foundation (IAF), according to the  International Association of Athletics Federations (IAFF). Diack  stepped down as president of the IAAF in August.   The 82-year-old native of Senegal is under investigation in France on suspicion of corruption and money-laundering. ](/news/2015/11/10/lamine-diack-who-is-provisionally-suspended-as-an-honorary-member-of-the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-in-connection-with-suspecte.md) _Context: International Olympic Committee_
10. [2014 Winter Olympics:The International Olympic Committee lifts the suspension of the Indian Olympic Association effective immediately. Indian athletes are now able to compete at the 2014 Winter Olympics under their nation's flag. ](/news/2014/02/11/2014-winter-olympics-pthe-international-olympic-committee-lifts-the-suspension-of-the-indian-olympic-association-effective-immediately-indi.md) _Context: International Olympic Committee_
