### [2015-09-8](/news/2015/09/8/index.md)

# A massive sandstorm hits Lebanon and Syria as well as Jordan, Israel and Egypt. The Lebanese Health Ministry said the storm caused the deaths of two women, and sent hundreds to hospitals with breathing difficulties. Particularly hard hit were the 1.1 million Syrian refugees in Lebanon, many in flimsy tents in informal campsites. 

Lebanon, Jordan, Israel, Syria and Iraq all hit by deadly sandstorm that is expected to last at least until tomorrow


### Source:

1. [AP via CTV News](http://www.ctvnews.ca/world/unseasonal-sandstorm-hits-lebanon-syria-1.2552302)
2. [Al Jazeera English Online](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/09/sandstorm-envelops-lebanon-syria-150908095341326.html)
3. [Middle East Eye](http://www.middleeasteye.net/news/sandstorm-sweeping-middle-east-kills-two-lebanon-389450909#sthash.meKtY1pB.dpuf)
3. [Cover Image](http://www.middleeasteye.net/sites/default/files/main-images/Sandstorm%20hits%20ME.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Jordan, Lebanon_
2. [A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-national-defence-force.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon, Syria_
3. [Kuwaiti authorities announce they arrested six members of an extremist network suspected of supplying funds and weapons, including rockets, to Daesh (Islamic State) militants. Four others are still being sought outside of the country. The group includes a Lebanese, an Egyptian, five Syrians, two Australians, and a Kuwaiti national. ](/news/2015/11/19/kuwaiti-authorities-announce-they-arrested-six-members-of-an-extremist-network-suspected-of-supplying-funds-and-weapons-including-rockets.md) _Context: Egypt, Lebanon, Syria_
4. [Two rockets fired from Egypt's Sinai Peninsula hit the Israeli resort of Eilat, but land in open areas, causing no damage. Three more rockets hit open areas in neighboring Jordan. ](/news/2013/04/17/two-rockets-fired-from-egypt-s-sinai-peninsula-hit-the-israeli-resort-of-eilat-but-land-in-open-areas-causing-no-damage-three-more-rocket.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Jordan_
5. [An explosion hits the gas pipeline between Egypt, Israel and Jordan in the North Sinai Governorate west of Arish. ](/news/2012/02/5/an-explosion-hits-the-gas-pipeline-between-egypt-israel-and-jordan-in-the-north-sinai-governorate-west-of-arish.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Jordan_
6. [Saboteurs attack Egypt's gas pipeline to Israel and Jordan, destroying a section of the pipeline west of al-Arish in Sinai. ](/news/2011/11/28/saboteurs-attack-egypt-s-gas-pipeline-to-israel-and-jordan-destroying-a-section-of-the-pipeline-west-of-al-arish-in-sinai.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Jordan_
7. [An explosion destroys the Arab Gas Pipeline in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula supplying natural gas to Jordan and Israel. ](/news/2011/09/27/an-explosion-destroys-the-arab-gas-pipeline-in-egypt-s-sinai-peninsula-supplying-natural-gas-to-jordan-and-israel.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Jordan_
8. [Saboteurs bomb an Egyptian pipeline at Nagah in the Sinai Peninsula delivering gas to Israel and Jordan. ](/news/2011/07/4/saboteurs-bomb-an-egyptian-pipeline-at-nagah-in-the-sinai-peninsula-delivering-gas-to-israel-and-jordan.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Jordan_
9. [Natural gas supplies to Jordan and Israel are hit by an explosion in the Arab Gas Pipeline in the town of Arish in North Sinai near Egypt's border with Israel with an armed group believed responsible. ](/news/2011/04/27/natural-gas-supplies-to-jordan-and-israel-are-hit-by-an-explosion-in-the-arab-gas-pipeline-in-the-town-of-arish-in-north-sinai-near-egypt-s.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Jordan_
10. [A Jordanian civilian is killed and three others are wounded as a Grad rocket launched from the Sinai hits the city of Aqaba. Four other rockets land in open areas in the Gulf of Aqaba. Jordan, Israel, Egypt and the United States condemn the attack. ](/news/2010/08/2/a-jordanian-civilian-is-killed-and-three-others-are-wounded-as-a-grad-rocket-launched-from-the-sinai-hits-the-city-of-aqaba-four-other-rock.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Jordan_
