### [2015-09-8](/news/2015/09/8/index.md)

# Jeff Smisek resigns as CEO of United Airlines due to allegations that he tried to improperly influence officials at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. 

United Continental CEO Jeff Smisek and two top lieutenants stepped down as the result of a federal investigation into the airline’s relationship with the former chairman of the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.


### Source:

1. [Wall Street Journal](http://www.wsj.com/articles/united-continental-ceo-jeff-smisek-departs-1441746428?mod=djemalertNEWS)

### Related:

1. [Newark Liberty International Airport in northern New Jersey is closed for almost two hours after flames are spotted coming from a United Airlines Boeing 757 jet engine. All 124 passengers and seven crew members safely evacuate the plane. ](/news/2017/05/23/newark-liberty-international-airport-in-northern-new-jersey-is-closed-for-almost-two-hours-after-flames-are-spotted-coming-from-a-united-air.md) _Context: United Airlines_
2. [United Express Flight 3411 incident. A United Airlines passenger is dragged off a flight at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago. The airline company is under fire because of the mistreatment of the passenger. ](/news/2017/04/9/united-express-flight-3411-incident-a-united-airlines-passenger-is-dragged-off-a-flight-at-o-hare-international-airport-in-chicago-the-air.md) _Context: United Airlines_
3. [United Express Flight 3411 incident. United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz issues an apology for the removal of a passenger from an overbooked flight on April 9, which has since gone viral. United Airlines stock drops more than 4%, a loss of GBP800 million to the company's value. ](/news/2017/04/11/united-express-flight-3411-incident-united-airlines-ceo-oscar-munoz-issues-an-apology-for-the-removal-of-a-passenger-from-an-overbooked-fli.md) _Context: United Airlines_
4. [Fort Lee lane closure scandal. Two former associates of New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, former deputy chief of staff Bridget Kelly and ex-Port Authority executive Bill Baroni, are found guilty on all seven counts by a federal jury from their roles in the so-called Bridgegate scandal that created crippling traffic near the George Washington Bridge in September 2013. ](/news/2016/11/4/fort-lee-lane-closure-scandal-two-former-associates-of-new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-former-deputy-chief-of-staff-bridget-kelly-and-e.md) _Context: Port Authority_
5. [United Airlines Flight 880 makes an emergency landing at Shannon Airport in the Republic of Ireland due to "severe and unexpected turbulence". At least 12 people are hospitalized. ](/news/2016/08/31/united-airlines-flight-880-makes-an-emergency-landing-at-shannon-airport-in-the-republic-of-ireland-due-to-severe-and-unexpected-turbulence.md) _Context: United Airlines_
6. [Cuba-United States relations. The United States tentatively approves eight, of 12 that applied, airlines for flights from 10 U.S. cities to Havana as early as this fall: Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, Frontier Airlines, JetBlue Airways, Southwest Airlines, Spirit Airlines, and United Airlines. Last month, flights were approved from five U.S. cities to nine other international airports. ](/news/2016/07/7/cuba-united-states-relations-the-united-states-tentatively-approves-eight-of-12-that-applied-airlines-for-flights-from-10-u-s-cities-t.md) _Context: United Airlines_
7. [A ground stop of all U.S. airport-based United Airlines (UAL) mainline flights following a system-wide network connectivity issue is lifted after a 1 hour, 21 minute suspension of morning service. The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), which is also investigating, says all of United Continental Holdings Inc. regional airlines are now unaffected. This follows a similar issue on June 2, 2015 due to automation problems. ](/news/2015/07/8/a-ground-stop-of-all-u-s-airport-based-united-airlines-ual-mainline-flights-following-a-system-wide-network-connectivity-issue-is-lifted.md) _Context: United Airlines_
8. [Fort Lee lane closure scandal. Former Port Authority of New York and New Jersey official David Wildstein pleads guilty for his role in creating traffic jams near the George Washington Bridge for political retribution in 2013. ](/news/2015/05/1/fort-lee-lane-closure-scandal-former-port-authority-of-new-york-and-new-jersey-official-david-wildstein-pleads-guilty-for-his-role-in-creat.md) _Context: Port Authority_
9. [Continental Airlines announces that it plans to lay off 500 staff in Houston, Texas following its merger with United Airlines. ](/news/2011/02/7/continental-airlines-announces-that-it-plans-to-lay-off-500-staff-in-houston-texas-following-its-merger-with-united-airlines.md) _Context: United Airlines_
10. [United Airlines temporarily grounds its fleet of 96 Boeing 757 jetliners so it can perform checks to earlier modifications to air-data computers. ](/news/2011/02/15/united-airlines-temporarily-grounds-its-fleet-of-96-boeing-757-jetliners-so-it-can-perform-checks-to-earlier-modifications-to-air-data-compu.md) _Context: United Airlines_
