### [2010-02-8](/news/2010/02/8/index.md)

# Space Shuttle ''Endeavour'' launches successfully from Kennedy Space Center at 4:14 EST, marking the beginning of STS-130, a two-week mission to the International Space Station. 

Shuttle Endeavour lifted off from Florida before dawn Monday, the last scheduled night-time launch for the U.S. space shuttle program.


### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Daily-Briefing/2010/02/08/Shuttle-launched/UPI-80011265639067/)

### Related:

1. [ Space Shuttle ''Endeavour'' lands at Kennedy Space Centre in Florida, United States, ending a 16-day mission to the International Space Station (ISS). ](/news/2009/07/31/space-shuttle-endeavour-lands-at-kennedy-space-centre-in-florida-united-states-ending-a-16-day-mission-to-the-international-space-sta.md) _Context: International Space Station, Kennedy Space Center, Space Shuttle ''Endeavour''_
2. [ Mission STS-126 commences with the launch of Space Shuttle ''Endeavour''. The spacecraft will deliver equipment required to increase the crew capacity of the International Space Station from three to six members. ](/news/2008/11/15/mission-sts-126-commences-with-the-launch-of-space-shuttle-endeavour-the-spacecraft-will-deliver-equipment-required-to-increase-the-cr.md) _Context: International Space Station, Space Shuttle, Space Shuttle ''Endeavour''_
3. [ The Space Shuttle ''Endeavour'' lands at Cape Canaveral, Florida in a rare nighttime landing ending a 16-day mission to the International Space Station. ](/news/2008/03/26/the-space-shuttle-endeavour-lands-at-cape-canaveral-florida-in-a-rare-nighttime-landing-ending-a-16-day-mission-to-the-international-s.md) _Context: International Space Station, Space Shuttle, Space Shuttle ''Endeavour''_
4. [ The Space Shuttle ''Atlantis'' lands at Kennedy Space Center following the conclusion of the STS-122 assembly mission to the International Space Station. ](/news/2008/02/20/the-space-shuttle-atlantis-lands-at-kennedy-space-center-following-the-conclusion-of-the-sts-122-assembly-mission-to-the-international.md) _Context: International Space Station, Kennedy Space Center, Space Shuttle_
5. [ Space Shuttle ''Discovery'' successfully lifts off from Kennedy Space Center in Florida in the United States. The Shuttle was carrying the STS-120 crew on an assembly mission to the International Space Station, as well as the Harmony module. ](/news/2007/10/23/space-shuttle-discovery-successfully-lifts-off-from-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-in-the-united-states-the-shuttle-was-carrying-the.md) _Context: International Space Station, Kennedy Space Center, Space Shuttle_
6. [ ''Endeavour'' lifts off from Kennedy Space Center for the STS-118 assembly mission of the International Space Station. ](/news/2007/08/8/endeavour-lifts-off-from-kennedy-space-center-for-the-sts-118-assembly-mission-of-the-international-space-station.md) _Context: International Space Station, Kennedy Space Center, Space Shuttle ''Endeavour''_
7. [ Space Shuttle ''Atlantis'' rolls out to launchpad 39A at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida in preparation for the STS-117 mission to the International Space Station. The rollout is the second for the mission, as ''Atlantis'''s External Tank was damaged during a hailstorm on February 26, leading to the shuttle being rolled back to the Vehicle Assembly Building for repairs. ](/news/2007/05/15/space-shuttle-atlantis-rolls-out-to-launchpad-39a-at-the-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-in-preparation-for-the-sts-117-mission-to-the.md) _Context: International Space Station, Kennedy Space Center, Space Shuttle_
8. [SpaceX successfully launches a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center, placing a Dragon spacecraft in orbit and recovering the launcher's first stage. The spacecraft will resupply the International Space Station.](/news/2017/02/19/spacex-successfully-launches-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-placing-a-dragon-spacecraft-in-orbit-and-recovering-the-launcher-s.md) _Context: International Space Station, Kennedy Space Center_
9. [SpaceX delays the launch of a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center in Florida due to a technical issue. The Falcon 9 will resupply the International Space Station. ](/news/2017/02/18/spacex-delays-the-launch-of-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-due-to-a-technical-issue-the-falcon-9-will-resupply-the.md) _Context: International Space Station, Kennedy Space Center_
10. [The Space Shuttle Atlantis undocks from the International Space Station for the final time in the history of the space shuttle program. ](/news/2011/07/19/the-space-shuttle-atlantis-undocks-from-the-international-space-station-for-the-final-time-in-the-history-of-the-space-shuttle-program.md) _Context: International Space Station, Space Shuttle_
