### [2016-11-26](/news/2016/11/26/index.md)

# Avian flu virus H5N8 outbreaks are reported in birds in India, Germany, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands, and  several other European nations. The World Health Organization advised on 17 November that human infection is possible, but unlikely, based on information available. 

India has reported an outbreak of a highly contagious bird flu virus in the southwestern state of Karnataka, the World Organisation for Animal Health (OIE) said on Friday, citing a report from the Indian agriculture ministry.


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2016/11/25/world/europe/ap-eu-germany-bird-flu.html?_r=0)
2. [Phys.org](http://phys.org/news/2016-11-sweden-slaughters-hens-bird-flu.html)
3. [Business Insider](http://www.businessinsider.com/r-finland-confirms-h5n8-bird-flu-found-in-aland-islands-2016-11)
4. [Agriland](http://www.agriland.ie/farming-news/over-215000-birds-destroyed-due-to-bird-flu-outbreaks-across-europe/#)
5. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-health-birdflu-india-idUSKBN13K1U9)
6. [WHO](http://www.who.int/influenza/human_animal_interface/avian_influenza/riskassessment_AH5N8_201611/en/)

### Related:

1. [More than a dozen alleged ISIS-linked, terrorist members of Rawti Shax, a European offshoot of the Iraqi Kurdish jihadist network Ansar al-Islam,  are arrested in a coordinated, multi-nation sweep by police across Europe. The operation  dismantled an integrated cell in Italy, the United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, and Germany.  The group is accused of radicalizing fighters, planning attacks  targeting Norwegian and British diplomats in the Middle East, and planning to establish a caliphate in Iraq's Kurdistan region. ](/news/2015/11/12/more-than-a-dozen-alleged-isis-linked-terrorist-members-of-rawti-shax-a-european-offshoot-of-the-iraqi-kurdish-jihadist-network-ansar-al-i.md) _Context: Europe, Finland, Germany_
2. [ACTA loses further support in Europe as Bulgaria and the Netherlands join Poland and Germany in declining to ratify it due to privacy and human rights concerns. ](/news/2012/02/15/acta-loses-further-support-in-europe-as-bulgaria-and-the-netherlands-join-poland-and-germany-in-declining-to-ratify-it-due-to-privacy-and-hu.md) _Context: Europe, Germany, Netherlands_
3. [Contributions from Belgium, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland allow the World Bank to cancel $36 million in Haiti's remaining debt following January's devastating earthquake. ](/news/2010/05/28/contributions-from-belgium-canada-finland-france-germany-ireland-italy-japan-the-netherlands-norway-spain-sweden-and-switzerland.md) _Context: Finland, Germany, Netherlands_
4. [Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-berlin-to-discuss-the-consequences-of-the-united-kin.md) _Context: Germany, Netherlands_
5. [The United States Air Force sends 12  F-15C Eagles and 350 personnel to Iceland and the Netherlands to deter further Russian aggression in Europe. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-united-states-air-force-sends-12-f-15c-eagles-and-350-personnel-to-iceland-and-the-netherlands-to-deter-further-russian-aggression-in-e.md) _Context: Europe, Netherlands_
6. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Germany, Ireland_
7. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: Ireland, Netherlands_
8. [The Italian Coast Guard states that at least 17 people have died and 4,200 have been rescued in the Mediterranean Sea attempting to travel to Europe in the past 24 hours. Ships from nations including Italy, Republic of Ireland, Germany, Belgium and the United Kingdom have been involved in rescue efforts. ](/news/2015/05/30/the-italian-coast-guard-states-that-at-least-17-people-have-died-and-4-200-have-been-rescued-in-the-mediterranean-sea-attempting-to-travel-t.md) _Context: Europe, Germany_
9. [The World Health Organization monitors an avian flu outbreak in Taiwan, as H5N8 avian flu virus infects nine farms. ](/news/2015/01/13/the-world-health-organization-monitors-an-avian-flu-outbreak-in-taiwan-as-h5n8-avian-flu-virus-infects-nine-farms.md) _Context: H5N8, World Health Organization_
10. [The European Commission announces that they will begin a formal investigation into Apple, Starbucks and Fiat in relation to tax arrangements with Ireland, the Netherlands and Luxembourg.  ](/news/2014/06/11/the-european-commission-announces-that-they-will-begin-a-formal-investigation-into-apple-starbucks-and-fiat-in-relation-to-tax-arrangements.md) _Context: Ireland, Netherlands_
