### [2016-11-26](/news/2016/11/26/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War: Aleppo offensive (November 2016): Government forces have captured most of Hanano, the largest rebel-controlled district in eastern Aleppo, and have begun pushing into neighboring 'Ard Al-Hamra and Jabal Badro districts. 

Syrian forces retake the largest rebel-held district in eastern Aleppo, with civilians fleeing the offensive.


### Source:

1. [Al Masdar News](https://www.almasdarnews.com/article/syrian-army-captures-key-east-aleppo-district)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-38120009)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: Aleppo offensive (November 2016): Syrian government forces and Kurdish People's Protection Units capture more than a third of rebel-controlled eastern Aleppo. ](/news/2016/11/28/syrian-civil-war-aleppo-offensive-november-2016-syrian-government-forces-and-kurdish-people-s-protection-units-capture-more-than-a-third.md) _Context: Aleppo, Aleppo offensive (November 2016), Syrian Civil War, military_
2. [Syrian Civil War: Aleppo offensive (November 2016): At least ten people are killed and others were injured during air strikes on Aleppo's Bab al-Nairab neighborhood. ](/news/2016/11/29/syrian-civil-war-aleppo-offensive-november-2016-at-least-ten-people-are-killed-and-others-were-injured-during-air-strikes-on-aleppo-s-ba.md) _Context: Aleppo, Aleppo offensive (November 2016), Syrian Civil War_
3. [Aleppo offensive (November 2016): Syrian Armed Forces have captured the entire Hanano district in eastern Aleppo and are working on removing mines and improvised explosive devices from the district, while the rebels blame lack of hospitals for collapsing defences. ](/news/2016/11/27/aleppo-offensive-november-2016-syrian-armed-forces-have-captured-the-entire-hanano-district-in-eastern-aleppo-and-are-working-on-removing.md) _Context: Aleppo, Aleppo offensive (November 2016), military_
4. [Syrian civil war:: Rebels clash with the Syrian military at an army base protecting Aleppo's international airport. The opposition claims that 40 Syrian soldiers were killed in the fighting, as large parts of the base are overrun. ](/news/2013/02/13/syrian-civil-war-rebels-clash-with-the-syrian-military-at-an-army-base-protecting-aleppo-s-international-airport-the-opposition-claims-th.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War, military_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Violent clashes break out between the Syrian rebels and Syrian Democratic Forces on the outskirts of al-Muhsenli Village, in the northeastern countryside of Aleppo, but no casualties are reported. ](/news/2017/07/21/syrian-civil-war-violent-clashes-break-out-between-the-syrian-rebels-and-syrian-democratic-forces-on-the-outskirts-of-al-muhsenli-village.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a large explosion near Damascus International Airport followed by a fire. The Syrian government says Israel struck the military site with several missiles. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz states that the strike "corresponds completely with Israel's policy". ](/news/2017/04/27/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-large-explosion-near-damascus-international-airport-followed-by-a-fire.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, military_
7. [Syrian Civil War: 2017 Aleppo suicide car bombing: A car bomb strikes a convoy of buses near Aleppo which were carrying evacuees from the pro-government towns of Al-Fu'ah and Kafriya. Over 100 people are killed. ](/news/2017/04/15/syrian-civil-war-2017-aleppo-suicide-car-bombing-a-car-bomb-strikes-a-convoy-of-buses-near-aleppo-which-were-carrying-evacuees-from-the-pr.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War: 2017 al-Jina mosque airstrike: An unknown perpetrator carries out an airstrike on a mosque in the rebel-held village of al-Jineh near Aleppo, killing at least 42 people. ](/news/2017/03/16/syrian-civil-war-2017-al-jina-mosque-airstrike-an-unknown-perpetrator-carries-out-an-airstrike-on-a-mosque-in-the-rebel-held-village-of-al.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that militants attacked two Syrian Armed Forces bases in Homs, killing at least 42 people, including a senior intelligence officer. ](/news/2017/02/25/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-that-militants-attacked-two-syrian-armed-forces-bases-in-homs-killing-at.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, military_
10. [Syrian Civil War: Battle of al-Bab: Syrian rebels and Turkish troops enter al-Bab, with Syrian troops also approaching the town, prompting heavy clashes with ISIL militants. ](/news/2017/02/11/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-al-bab-syrian-rebels-and-turkish-troops-enter-al-bab-with-syrian-troops-also-approaching-the-town-prompting-h.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, military_
