### [2012-11-14](/news/2012/11/14/index.md)

# Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda announces he will dissolve the House of Representatives of the Diet on Friday after the ruling DPJ government and opposition LDP come to an agreement regarding a reduction of seats in the House.  A general election is scheduled for December 16. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2012-11-14/noda-to-dissolve-diet-nov-16-paving-way-for-japan-election-1-.html)
2. [NHK](http://www3.nhk.or.jp/daily/english/20121114_35.html)

### Related:

1. [Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda announces that the ruling Democratic Party of Japan has reached an agreement with the opposition Liberal Democratic and New Komeito parties to pass a bill that will raise Japan's consumption tax rate.  This will "shortly" be followed by dissolution of the Diet and a snap election, although no timetable has been set. ](/news/2012/08/8/japanese-prime-minister-yoshihiko-noda-announces-that-the-ruling-democratic-party-of-japan-has-reached-an-agreement-with-the-opposition-libe.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Liberal Democratic Party, Prime Minister, Yoshihiko Noda_
2. [The Prime Minister of Japan, Yoshihiko Noda, wins a leadership ballot held by the Democratic Party of Japan. ](/news/2012/09/21/the-prime-minister-of-japan-yoshihiko-noda-wins-a-leadership-ballot-held-by-the-democratic-party-of-japan.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Prime Minister, Yoshihiko Noda_
3. [The Prime Minister of Japan Yoshihiko Noda announces a Cabinet reshuffle following a split in the ruling Democratic Party of Japan. ](/news/2012/06/4/the-prime-minister-of-japan-yoshihiko-noda-announces-a-cabinet-reshuffle-following-a-split-in-the-ruling-democratic-party-of-japan.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Prime Minister, Yoshihiko Noda_
4. [The ruling Democratic Party of Japan selects a replacement for Naoto Kan as party leader and Prime Minister of Japan with current Minister of Finance Yoshihiko Noda winning the ballot. ](/news/2011/08/29/the-ruling-democratic-party-of-japan-selects-a-replacement-for-naoto-kan-as-party-leader-and-prime-minister-of-japan-with-current-minister-o.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Prime Minister, Yoshihiko Noda_
5. [ According to exit polls, Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi's long-ruling Liberal Democratic Party has won a landslide victory in the Japan general election, 2005. Democratic Party leader Katsuya Okada concedes defeat and announces his resignation as party leader. ](/news/2005/09/11/according-to-exit-polls-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-s-long-ruling-liberal-democratic-party-has-won-a-landslide-victory-in-the-japan-g.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Liberal Democratic Party, Prime Minister_
6. [Japanese citizens vote in a general election. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe's Liberal Democratic Party and its junior coalition partner win 325 seats out of 475 and thus a new term. ](/news/2014/12/14/japanese-citizens-vote-in-a-general-election-prime-minister-shinzo-abe-s-liberal-democratic-party-and-its-junior-coalition-partner-win-325.md) _Context: Liberal Democratic Party, Prime Minister_
7. [Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe is preparing to dissolve the Lower House of the Diet on Tuesday and call a snap election on December 14th in order to seek a public mandate on whether to delay a scheduled increase in the consumption tax. ](/news/2014/11/14/japanese-prime-minister-shinzo-abe-is-preparing-to-dissolve-the-lower-house-of-the-diet-on-tuesday-and-call-a-snap-election-on-december-14th.md) _Context: Prime Minister, the Lower House of the Diet_
8. [Japanese general election, 2012:Japanese voters go to the polls for a general election, with the opposition Liberal Democratic Party led by former Prime Minister Shinzo Abe poised to win a majority. ](/news/2012/12/16/japanese-general-election-2012-pjapanese-voters-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-the-opposition-liberal-democratic-party-led-by.md) _Context: Liberal Democratic Party, general election_
9. [Japanese police rescue four hostages from a Toyokawa Shinkin bank and arrest the knife-wielding man who had held them captive for more than 12 hours while demanding that Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda resign. ](/news/2012/11/22/japanese-police-rescue-four-hostages-from-a-toyokawa-shinkin-bank-and-arrest-the-knife-wielding-man-who-had-held-them-captive-for-more-than.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Yoshihiko Noda_
10. [Senkaku Islands dispute:Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda meets with UN General Secretary Ban Ki-moon, explaining to him that the islands are "Japan's inherent territory" and that "there is no territorial dispute as such". ](/news/2012/09/27/senkaku-islands-dispute-pjapanese-prime-minister-yoshihiko-noda-meets-with-un-general-secretary-ban-ki-moon-explaining-to-him-that-the-isla.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Yoshihiko Noda_
