### [2012-11-14](/news/2012/11/14/index.md)

# John Logue, President of the Union of Students in Ireland, is arrested and taken from Dail Eireann in handcuffs after turning his back on legislators while peacefully protesting against budget cuts. 

BREAKING NEWS: THE HEAD of Ireland&#039;s largest students&#039; union has been arrested by Gardai. Donegal man John Logue, the head of the Union of Students in Ireland, was handcuffed and led away by Gardai in the Dail. Gardai are questioning him... #picturedramadonegalstudentleaderarrestedbygardaiindail


### Source:

1. [Donegal Daily](http://www.donegaldaily.com/2012/11/14/picture-drama-donegal-student-leader-arrested-by-gardai-in-dail/)
2. [University Times](http://www.universitytimes.ie/2012/11/14/usi-president-arrested-at-dail-education-vote/)

### Related:

1. [Irish Taoiseach Enda Kenny makes his farewell address to Dail Eireann, and will submit his resignation to President Michael D. Higgins after six years in office. It is expected that his successor, Leo Varadkar, will be elected by the Dail to succeed him tomorrow. ](/news/2017/06/13/irish-taoiseach-enda-kenny-makes-his-farewell-address-to-da-il-aireann-and-will-submit-his-resignation-to-president-michael-d-higgins-aft.md) _Context: Dail Eireann_
2. [The Irish Dail Eireann (parliament) fails to elect a new taoiseach (Prime Minister) with incumbent Enda Kenny carrying on as a caretaker. ](/news/2016/03/10/the-irish-da-il-aireann-parliament-fails-to-elect-a-new-taoiseach-prime-minister-with-incumbent-enda-kenny-carrying-on-as-a-caretaker.md) _Context: Dail Eireann_
3. [Independent lawmaker Catherine Murphy raises fresh allegations in Ireland's Dail against billionaire Denis O'Brien, prompting criticism over the silence of the country's media (much of it owned by O'Brien). ](/news/2015/05/28/independent-lawmaker-catherine-murphy-raises-fresh-allegations-in-ireland-s-da-il-against-billionaire-denis-o-brien-prompting-criticism-ove.md) _Context: Dail Eireann_
4. [Irish politician Joan Collins names crime journalist Paul Williams and sports star Ronan O'Gara under Dail privilege as being among those to benefit from having their penalty points for traffic offences cancelled by the Garda Siochana. Justice Minister Alan Shatter calls Collins's action a "total disgrace" and she is reported to a Leinster House watchdog called the Dail Committee on Procedure and Privileges. ](/news/2012/12/12/irish-politician-joan-collins-names-crime-journalist-paul-williams-and-sports-star-ronan-o-gara-under-da-il-privilege-as-being-among-those-t.md) _Context: Dail Eireann_
5. [Irish government lawmaker Denis Naughten votes against his own government over cuts to a hospital, amid protests by hundreds of people outside Dail Eireann; he now faces expulsion from Fine Gael with the hospital's emergency department to close on Monday. ](/news/2011/07/6/irish-government-lawmaker-denis-naughten-votes-against-his-own-government-over-cuts-to-a-hospital-amid-protests-by-hundreds-of-people-outsi.md) _Context: Dail Eireann_
6. [Ireland's Taoiseach Enda Kenny attacks the Vatican's approach to the child abuse scandals in the country as "absolutely disgraceful", while the Socialist Party's Joe Higgins tells Dail Eireann that people were "throwing their hands in the air" after the report into the sexual abuse scandal in Cloyne diocese was published this week. ](/news/2011/07/15/ireland-s-taoiseach-enda-kenny-attacks-the-vatican-s-approach-to-the-child-abuse-scandals-in-the-country-as-absolutely-disgraceful-while.md) _Context: Dail Eireann_
7. [Irish senator Ned O'Sullivan admits making "around a dozen" of the thousands of phone calls originating from Dail Eireann to help TD Michael Healy-Rae win a charity reality TV show four years ago. Taxpayers then picked up the bill. ](/news/2011/06/29/irish-senator-ned-o-sullivan-admits-making-around-a-dozen-of-the-thousands-of-phone-calls-originating-from-da-il-aireann-to-help-td-micha.md) _Context: Dail Eireann_
8. [Ireland's parliament is involved in controversy amid newspaper reports that thousands of phone calls were made from Dail Eireann to help TD Michael Healy-Rae win a charity reality TV show four years ago. Taxpayers then picked up the bill. ](/news/2011/06/28/ireland-s-parliament-is-involved-in-controversy-amid-newspaper-reports-that-thousands-of-phone-calls-were-made-from-da-il-aireann-to-help-t.md) _Context: Dail Eireann_
9. [Taoiseach Enda Kenny confirms that disgraced former minister Michael Lowry is to be censured by Dail Eireann today without any discussion of the matter, following two days of debate on the tribunal's findings. ](/news/2011/03/31/taoiseach-enda-kenny-confirms-that-disgraced-former-minister-michael-lowry-is-to-be-censured-by-da-il-aireann-today-without-any-discussion.md) _Context: Dail Eireann_
10. [Former government minister Michael Lowry refuses to resign the seat he recently claimed back in Dail Eireann in the aftermath of the Moriarty Tribunal's findings that he assisted billionaire businessman Denis O'Brien "beyond doubt" in gaining a mobile phone license for Esat Digifone, in actions judged "disgraceful and insidious" by the tribunal. Taoiseach Enda Kenny admits Fine Gael accepted a donation worth thousands of dollars from Esat at the time. ](/news/2011/03/24/former-government-minister-michael-lowry-refuses-to-resign-the-seat-he-recently-claimed-back-in-da-il-aireann-in-the-aftermath-of-the-moria.md) _Context: Dail Eireann_
