### [2012-11-14](/news/2012/11/14/index.md)

# Protests against unemployment and austerity measures take place across several European countries. The largest protests reportedly take place in Spain and Portugal, with smaller protests in Greece, Italy, and Belgium. 

Millions of EU workers hold a day of action against unemployment and austerity, with protests in Spain and Portugal marred by violence.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/europe/2012/11/2012111491426963893.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-20320993)
3. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/business/2012/nov/14/europe-unite-austerity-protests)
3. [Cover Image](http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/64154000/jpg/_64154823_64154822.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Belgium, Greek, Italy, Spain_
2. [Bolivian president Evo Morales calls the Eurozone for a violation of international law and threatens to close down the U.S. embassy in Bolivia after the episode of having his official airplane being refused to land "en route" to Vienna, amid suspicions of having former NSA employee Edward Snowden on board. Ambassadors of France, Italy, Spain and Portugal are summoned to give full explanations.](/news/2013/07/5/bolivian-president-evo-morales-calls-the-eurozone-for-a-violation-of-international-law-and-threatens-to-close-down-the-u-s-embassy-in-boliv.md) _Context: Italy, Portugal, Spain_
3. [Moody's Investors Service downgrades the credit ratings of several European Union members including Italy, Malta, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain and issues a negative outlook for the ratings of Austria, France and the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/02/13/moody-s-investors-service-downgrades-the-credit-ratings-of-several-european-union-members-including-italy-malta-portugal-slovakia-sloven.md) _Context: Italy, Portugal, Spain_
4. [The Standard & Poor's credit rating agency lowers its long-term credit ratings on the eurozone countries of Cyprus, Italy, Portugal, and Spain by two notches each and Austria, France, Malta, Slovakia, and Slovenia by one notch each. ](/news/2012/01/13/the-standard-poor-s-credit-rating-agency-lowers-its-long-term-credit-ratings-on-the-eurozone-countries-of-cyprus-italy-portugal-and-spa.md) _Context: Italy, Portugal, Spain_
5. [Euro zone leaders secure a EUR109 billion bailout for Greece with the country going into default for a short period, but with increased powers for the main European rescue fund to assist countries that have not been bailed out, such as Spain and Italy. ](/news/2011/07/21/euro-zone-leaders-secure-a-a-109-billion-bailout-for-greece-with-the-country-going-into-default-for-a-short-period-but-with-increased-powe.md) _Context: Greek, Italy, Spain_
6. [Contributions from Belgium, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland allow the World Bank to cancel $36 million in Haiti's remaining debt following January's devastating earthquake. ](/news/2010/05/28/contributions-from-belgium-canada-finland-france-germany-ireland-italy-japan-the-netherlands-norway-spain-sweden-and-switzerland.md) _Context: Belgium, Italy, Spain_
7. [ Fishermen in Spain, Portugal and Italy strike to protest against high fuel prices; Spain's economy minister says his government cannot cut fuel taxes, but is looking into ways to help fishermen. ](/news/2008/05/30/fishermen-in-spain-portugal-and-italy-strike-to-protest-against-high-fuel-prices-spain-s-economy-minister-says-his-government-cannot-cut.md) _Context: Italy, Portugal, Spain_
8. [ Spain, Portugal, Finland and Greece join the United Kingdom, Republic of Ireland and Sweden in allowing workers from the ten countries which joined the European Union two years ago free access to their labour markets. ](/news/2006/05/1/spain-portugal-finland-and-greece-join-the-united-kingdom-republic-of-ireland-and-sweden-in-allowing-workers-from-the-ten-countries-whic.md) _Context: Greek, Portugal, Spain_
9. [A fire forces the evacuation of more than 22,000 concertgoers at the Tomorrowland music festival at the Parc de Can Zam in Barcelona, Spain. There were no serious injuries. This is the first time the festival has been held in Spain; Belgium had been the home since 2005. ](/news/2017/07/29/a-fire-forces-the-evacuation-of-more-than-22-000-concertgoers-at-the-tomorrowland-music-festival-at-the-parc-de-can-zam-in-barcelona-spain.md) _Context: Belgium, Spain_
10. [Bolivia, Ethiopia, Italy, Kazakhstan, and Sweden begin their terms on the United Nations Security Council, replacing Angola, Malaysia, New Zealand, Spain, and Venezuela. ](/news/2017/01/1/bolivia-ethiopia-italy-kazakhstan-and-sweden-begin-their-terms-on-the-united-nations-security-council-replacing-angola-malaysia-new-z.md) _Context: Italy, Spain_
