### [2008-08-26](/news/2008/08/26/index.md)

#  Flight delays hit more than two dozen United States airports because of a communication network problem in a Federal Aviation Administration facility in Atlanta, Georgia. 

Airline operations were expected to return to normal Wednesday after a mysterious failure that severed the communications link at the main facility handling flight-routing plans across the U.S., the...


### Source:

1. [Chicago Tribune](http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/local/chi-faa-glitch-webaug27,0,4886632.story?track=rss)
2. [MarketWatch](http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story/technical-glitch-causes-flight-delays/story.aspx?guid=%7B30B72F2B%2DB304%2D47F4%2DA108%2DF5F60FCFC835%7D)
2. [Cover Image](http://www.trbimg.com/img-5530052e/turbine/chi-default-open-graph-ct-logo/)

### Related:

1. [The United States Federal Aviation Administration approves private startup company Moon Express landing a robotic craft on the Moon, according to the Mountain View, California, company. ](/news/2016/08/3/the-united-states-federal-aviation-administration-approves-private-startup-company-moon-express-landing-a-robotic-craft-on-the-moon-accordi.md) _Context: Federal Aviation Administration, United States_
2. [Thai Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha orders officials to improve aviation safety standards after the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) downgraded Thailand's safety ratings. The lower rating is for failure to tackle commercial aviation standards shortcomings found in an audit this year. The European Aviation Safety Agency is due to announce the results of its own audit later in December. ](/news/2015/12/2/thai-prime-minister-prayuth-chan-ocha-orders-officials-to-improve-aviation-safety-standards-after-the-u-s-federal-aviation-administration.md) _Context: Federal Aviation Administration, United States_
3. [The United States Federal Aviation Administration lifts its ban on aircraft travelling to and from Israel imposed due to concerns about Hamas rockets. ](/news/2014/07/24/the-united-states-federal-aviation-administration-lifts-its-ban-on-aircraft-travelling-to-and-from-israel-imposed-due-to-concerns-about-hama.md) _Context: Federal Aviation Administration, United States_
4. [The New York Stock Exchange, the largest stock exchange in the United States and the world, is sold to Atlanta-based IntercontinentalExchange. ](/news/2012/12/20/the-new-york-stock-exchange-the-largest-stock-exchange-in-the-united-states-and-the-world-is-sold-to-atlanta-based-intercontinentalexchang.md) _Context: Atlanta, Georgia, United States_
5. [The shutdown of the United States Federal Aviation Administration will end August 8th. ](/news/2011/08/4/the-shutdown-of-the-united-states-federal-aviation-administration-will-end-august-8th.md) _Context: Federal Aviation Administration, United States_
6. [ The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration bans fixed-wing aircraft from the East River corridor in New York City unless they are in contact with air traffic control. The change follows a crash of a plane into an apartment building earlier in the week. ](/news/2006/10/13/the-u-s-federal-aviation-administration-bans-fixed-wing-aircraft-from-the-east-river-corridor-in-new-york-city-unless-they-are-in-contact.md) _Context: Federal Aviation Administration, United States_
7. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: United States_
8. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: United States_
9. [The United States stops giving out visas to high ranking officials of Cambodia, Eritrea, Guinea and Sierra Leone for failing to accept deportations. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-stops-giving-out-visas-to-high-ranking-officials-of-cambodia-eritrea-guinea-and-sierra-leone-for-failing-to-accept-depor.md) _Context: United States_
10. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pelosi.md) _Context: United States_
