### [2010-04-4](/news/2010/04/4/index.md)

# President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai threatens to join the Taliban if the Afghani Parliament refuses to approve his proposal to take control of the electoral apparatus from the United Nations. 




### Source:

1. [Wall Street Journal Online](http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052702303917304575162012382865940.html?mod=WSJ_hp_mostpop_read)

### Related:

1. [Attorney general Mohammad Ishaq Aloko is fired by Afghan President Hamid Karzai, over an unsanctioned meeting with Taliban peace negotiators in the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2013/08/19/attorney-general-mohammad-ishaq-aloko-is-fired-by-afghan-president-hamid-karzai-over-an-unsanctioned-meeting-with-taliban-peace-negotiators.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai, Taliban_
2. [President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai meets with Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani, the Emir of Qatar, to discuss plans for the Taliban to open an office in Doha in order to help solve the conflict in Afghanistan. ](/news/2013/03/31/president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-meets-with-sheikh-hamad-bin-khalifa-al-thani-the-emir-of-qatar-to-discuss-plans-for-the-taliban-to-o.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai, Taliban_
3. [Afghanistan:: Afghan President Hamid Karzai confirms holding unofficial talks with Taliban "for quite some time" in order to end the nine-year war. ](/news/2010/10/11/afghanistan-afghan-president-hamid-karzai-confirms-holding-unofficial-talks-with-taliban-for-quite-some-time-in-order-to-end-the-nine-ye.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai, Taliban_
4. [ Afghan President Hamid Karzai calls on the Taliban to take part and vote in the August presidential election. ](/news/2009/06/27/afghan-president-hamid-karzai-calls-on-the-taliban-to-take-part-and-vote-in-the-august-presidential-election.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai, Taliban_
5. [ Afghan President Hamid Karzai demands that the United States halt airstrikes in the war against the Taliban. ](/news/2009/05/8/afghan-president-hamid-karzai-demands-that-the-united-states-halt-airstrikes-in-the-war-against-the-taliban.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai, Taliban_
6. [ Afghanistan: The President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai warns the Taliban that he will send forces into Pakistan in hot pursuit of militants. ](/news/2008/06/15/afghanistan-the-president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-warns-the-taliban-that-he-will-send-forces-into-pakistan-in-hot-pursuit-of-militants.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai, Taliban_
7. [ Vice President of the United States Dick Cheney makes surprise visits to Pakistan and Afghanistan to encourage President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf and President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai to increase border security between the two countries and to take further action against the Taliban and al-Qaeda. ](/news/2007/02/26/vice-president-of-the-united-states-dick-cheney-makes-surprise-visits-to-pakistan-and-afghanistan-to-encourage-president-of-pakistan-pervez.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai, Taliban_
8. [ The President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai meets with the Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi to discuss Italian contributions to the fight against the Taliban and drug traffickers in Afghanistan. ](/news/2007/02/16/the-president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-meets-with-the-prime-minister-of-italy-romano-prodi-to-discuss-italian-contributions-to-the-fight.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Afghanistan's, Hamid Karzai, Taliban_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Battle of Kunduz: The United Nations mission in Afghanistan reports 289 civilians were killed ("301 with MSF update") and 559 injured during fighting in Kunduz between Taliban militants and Afghan National Security Forces in September and October. The U.N. says these numbers include casualties from the friendly-fire attack on the Doctors Without Borders hospital and noted the totals were likely to rise as more information becomes available. ](/news/2015/12/12/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-battle-of-kunduz-the-united-nations-mission-in-afghanistan-reports-289-civilians-were-killed-301-wit.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, United Nations_
10. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Carrying coffins holding the beheaded bodies of seven ethnic Hazara, thousands of demonstrators from Afghanistan's different ethnic groups - Pashtun, Tajik, Uzbek, and Hazara - march on the Presidential Palace in Kabul, urging the government to take action against the rising violence against Afghan civilians. The murders, which the United Nations denounced as a potential war crime, have fueled a growing sense of insecurity since the Taliban briefly seized control of Kunduz in late September. ](/news/2015/11/11/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-carrying-coffins-holding-the-beheaded-bodies-of-seven-ethnic-hazara-thousands-of-demonstrators-from-af.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, United Nations_
