### [2010-04-4](/news/2010/04/4/index.md)

# Three car bombs hit the Egyptian, German and Iranian embassies in the centre of the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, in quick succession, killing at least 30 people. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/8602478.stm)

### Related:

1. [A rocket kills six people and injures over 50 others at Camp Liberty, an Iraqi facility near Baghdad that shelters members of People's Mujahedin of Iran. ](/news/2013/02/9/a-rocket-kills-six-people-and-injures-over-50-others-at-camp-liberty-an-iraqi-facility-near-baghdad-that-shelters-members-of-people-s-mujah.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iran, Iraq_
2. [The Iranian ambassador in Baghdad says the recent release of two Iranians from Iraqi custody is not an indication of any impeding deal to free three Americans held in Tehran on spying charges since their capture in July 2009 while hiking in northern Iraq's mountainous Kurdish region. ](/news/2010/06/1/the-iranian-ambassador-in-baghdad-says-the-recent-release-of-two-iranians-from-iraqi-custody-is-not-an-indication-of-any-impeding-deal-to-fr.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iran, Iraq_
3. [ Iraq's government admit that seven Iranian exiles were killed when Iraqi forces took control of their camp north of Baghdad. ](/news/2009/07/30/iraq-s-government-admit-that-seven-iranian-exiles-were-killed-when-iraqi-forces-took-control-of-their-camp-north-of-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iran, Iraq_
4. [ President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad arrives in Baghdad for the first state visit to Iraq by an Iranian president since the Iran-Iraq War. ](/news/2008/03/2/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-arrives-in-baghdad-for-the-first-state-visit-to-iraq-by-an-iranian-president-since-the-iran-iraq-war.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iran, Iraq_
5. [ A major international conference starts in Baghdad to look at ways to stabilise Iraq featuring representatives from Iran, Syria and the United States. ](/news/2007/03/10/a-major-international-conference-starts-in-baghdad-to-look-at-ways-to-stabilise-iraq-featuring-representatives-from-iran-syria-and-the-uni.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iran, Iraq_
6. [ Four Westerners have been kidnapped in Iraq while in Baghdad. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4476276.stm (BBC)] Former Philippine election official Virgilio Garcillano reappeared before Philippine media after 5 months of his disappearance. [http://news.inq7.net/nation/index.php?index=1&story_id=57970 -Philippine Daily Inquirer] The Rafah crossing linking the Gaza Strip and Egypt turns over to Palestinian control for the first time. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/4472312.stm (BBC)] An earthquake measuring 5.5 on the moment magnitude scale hits the area near Ruichang, Jiangxi in China, killing more than 14. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/asia-pacific/4472582.stm (BBC)] [http://earthquake.usgs.gov/recenteqsww/Quakes/usfwbf.htm (USGS)] Vijaypat Singhania of India sets a world record for highest hot air balloon flight, reaching 69,852 feet (20.29 km). [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20051126/ap_on_re_as/india_hot_air_balloon;_ylt=AiKTQ2LiysHz5OV8J8s91ZsPLBIF;_ylu=X3oDMTA5aHJvMDdwBHNlYwN5bmNhdA-- (AP)] The British government suppresses further details of the Bush/Blair memo. (WikiNews)](/news/2005/11/26/four-westerners-have-been-kidnapped-in-iraq-while-in-baghdad-http-news-bbc-co-uk-2-hi-middle_east-4476276-stm-bbc-former-philippine.md) _Context: Baghdad, Egypt's, Iraq_
7. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Egypt's, Iran_
8. [Violence erupts at a protest rally in Baghdad, Iraq, killing at least four protesters and one police officer. Thousands of supporters of Shia cleric Muqtada al-Sadr gathered in the capital to demand an overhaul of the country's electoral system. ](/news/2017/02/11/violence-erupts-at-a-protest-rally-in-baghdad-iraq-killing-at-least-four-protesters-and-one-police-officer-thousands-of-supporters-of-shi.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
9. [Travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen are blocked from entering the United States as the executive order takes effect. ](/news/2017/01/28/travelers-from-iran-iraq-libya-somalia-sudan-syria-and-yemen-are-blocked-from-entering-the-united-states-as-the-executive-order-takes.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq_
10. [President Trump signs an executive order limiting refugees and immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries, including Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The order also prioritizes the vetting of Christian refugees of the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/27/president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-limiting-refugees-and-immigration-from-seven-muslim-majority-countries-including-iran-iraq-libya.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq_
