### [2012-07-10](/news/2012/07/10/index.md)

# Israel releases hunger-striking Palestinian footballer and Islamic Jihad member, Mahmoud Sarsak, who was detained without formal charges since 2009 for alleged involvement in a bomb attack. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.businessweek.com/ap/2012-07-10/hunger-striking-palestinian-soccer-player-released)
2. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/m/touch/sports/sports-soccer/story/2012/07/10/palestinian-soccer-player-freed-hunger-strike.html)

### Related:

1. [At least 100 rockets have been fired from Gaza into southern Israel over the last 3 days, with the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine claiming responsibility. The IDF responded by shelling two alleged PIJ targets. ](/news/2014/03/13/at-least-100-rockets-have-been-fired-from-gaza-into-southern-israel-over-the-last-3-days-with-the-islamic-jihad-movement-in-palestine-claim.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine_
2. [Gaza-Israel conflict:: The Israeli Air Force carries out an air strike seriously injuring one Palestinian Islamic Jihad operative in the Gaza Strip and wounding two others. ](/news/2014/01/19/gaza-israel-conflict-the-israeli-air-force-carries-out-an-air-strike-seriously-injuring-one-palestinian-islamic-jihad-operative-in-the-g.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine_
3. [Israeli police and Shin Bet arrest several suspects in relation to the bombing of a public bus in Tel Aviv. The suspects claim affiliation with Hamas and Islamic Jihad and reveal they planted the bomb on the bus and detonated it remotely using a cell phone. ](/news/2012/11/22/israeli-police-and-shin-bet-arrest-several-suspects-in-relation-to-the-bombing-of-a-public-bus-in-tel-aviv-the-suspects-claim-affiliation-w.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine_
4. [Operation Pillar of Defense:: Israeli air strikes kill at least 20 Palestinians in the Gaza Strip including Islamic Jihad members, while over 130 rockets are fired towards Israel injuring several, amid ceasefire talks in Egypt. ](/news/2012/11/19/operation-pillar-of-defense-israeli-air-strikes-kill-at-least-20-palestinians-in-the-gaza-strip-including-islamic-jihad-members-while-ove.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine_
5. [Palestinian footballer Mahmoud Sarsak turns down an FC Barcelona offer to attend an El Clasico game, after Gilad Shalit, an Israeli soldier who had been held captive in Gaza for five years, is also invited. A Hamas spokesperson asked the media not to broadcast the game. ](/news/2012/10/1/palestinian-footballer-mahmoud-sarsak-turns-down-an-fc-barcelona-offer-to-attend-an-el-cla-sico-game-after-gilad-shalit-an-israeli-soldier.md) _Context: Mahmoud Sarsak_
6. [Palestinian militants fire a barrage of rockets into southern Israel following an Israel Air Force strike that killed two Islamic Jihad gunmen; IAF strikes at militant targets in Gaza have killed six Palestinians since yesterday. ](/news/2012/06/19/palestinian-militants-fire-a-barrage-of-rockets-into-southern-israel-following-an-israel-air-force-strike-that-killed-two-islamic-jihad-gunm.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine_
7. [Palestinian footballer Mahmoud Sarsak, on hunger strike over his detention without charge for three years in an Israeli jail, agrees to resume eating if released from captivity. ](/news/2012/06/19/palestinian-footballer-mahmoud-sarsak-on-hunger-strike-over-his-detention-without-charge-for-three-years-in-an-israeli-jail-agrees-to-resu.md) _Context: Mahmoud Sarsak_
8. [Palestinian inmates held in Israeli jails from Hamas, Islamic Jihad, the PFLP and the DFLP go on hunger strike on the Palestinian "Prisoners' Day". Thousands of people rally in towns and cities in both the West Bank and the Gaza Strip in support of their action, waving Palestinian flags and displaying photos of imprisoned relatives. ](/news/2012/04/17/palestinian-inmates-held-in-israeli-jails-from-hamas-islamic-jihad-the-pflp-and-the-dflp-go-on-hunger-strike-on-the-palestinian-prisoners.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine_
9. [Islamic Jihad militants in the Gaza Strip fire ten mortars at the Eshkol, Sha'ar Hanegev region, and Grad rockets at the Israeli cities of Ashkelon and Beersheba; one person is injured in Beersheba. ](/news/2011/03/23/islamic-jihad-militants-in-the-gaza-strip-fire-ten-mortars-at-the-eshkol-sha-ar-hanegev-region-and-grad-rockets-at-the-israeli-cities-of-a.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine_
10. [Israeli forces kill 2 Palestinian militants of the al-Quds Brigades of the Islamic Jihad who were planting an explosive device to be used against an Israeli patrol near the border in the southern Gaza Strip. ](/news/2010/12/26/israeli-forces-kill-2-palestinian-militants-of-the-al-quds-brigades-of-the-islamic-jihad-who-were-planting-an-explosive-device-to-be-used-ag.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine_
