### [2013-06-8](/news/2013/06/8/index.md)

# Princess Madeleine of Sweden marries British-born American businessman Christopher O'Neill in a lavish ceremony. 

Swedish Princess Madeleine, the youngest of Carl XVI Gustaf and Queen Silvia&rsquo;s three children and fourth in line to the throne, said yes to New York banker Christopher O&rsquo;Neill in a lavish and emotional wedding ceremony in Stockholm on Saturday.


### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/a-swedish-royal-wedding/2013/06/08/68e5af0c-d06e-11e2-8845-d970ccb04497_gallery.html)

### Related:

1. [In Amenas hostage crisis:Suspected Islamic militants take over a BP facility in In Amenas, Algeria, killing at least 2 workers and taking up to 40 others hostage, including 13 Norwegians, a number of Americans, as well as nationals from Ireland, Japan, France and the United Kingdom. A previously unknown group allied to al-Qaeda's regional branch says the attack is in revenge for Algeria's support of the French operation against Islamic rebels in Mali. ](/news/2013/01/16/in-ama-c-nas-hostage-crisis-psuspected-islamic-militants-take-over-a-bp-facility-in-in-ama-c-nas-algeria-killing-at-least-2-workers-and-taking.md) _Context: U.S., United Kingdom_
2. [Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-conservatives-battling-in-a-tight-race.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
3. [Protests mark the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty over Hong Kong to China from the United Kingdom alongside the arrival of Chinese President Xi Jinping. ](/news/2017/06/29/protests-mark-the-20th-anniversary-of-the-transfer-of-sovereignty-over-hong-kong-to-china-from-the-united-kingdom-alongside-the-arrival-of-c.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
4. [UK Prime Minister Theresa May announces that citizens of the European Union living in the United Kingdom will be able to acquire a "UK settled status" after the UK leaves the EU. ](/news/2017/06/22/uk-prime-minister-theresa-may-announces-that-citizens-of-the-european-union-living-in-the-united-kingdom-will-be-able-to-acquire-a-uk-settl.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
5. [Following the death of 22-year-old U.S. student Otto Warmbier, touring firm Young Pioneer Tours, who arranged Otto's visit to North Korea, say they will no longer be taking U.S. citizens to North Korea as the "risk is too high". Beijing-based Koryo Tours say they are reviewing their positions on taking U.S. citizens to the country. ](/news/2017/06/20/following-the-death-of-22-year-old-u-s-student-otto-warmbier-touring-firm-young-pioneer-tours-who-arranged-otto-s-visit-to-north-korea-s.md) _Context: U.S._
6. [Right-wing media personality Katie Hopkins is to leave LBC with "immediate effect" after Hopkins posted on Twitter calling for a so-called "final solution" to the United Kingdom's Islamic terrorism problem following the Manchester Arena bombing which left 22 people dead. ](/news/2017/05/26/right-wing-media-personality-katie-hopkins-is-to-leave-lbc-with-immediate-effect-after-hopkins-posted-on-twitter-calling-for-a-so-called.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
7. [The Office for National Statistics in the United Kingdom states that consumer prices in Britain rose by an annualized 2.7% in April, the highest level of inflation in almost four years. ](/news/2017/05/16/the-office-for-national-statistics-in-the-united-kingdom-states-that-consumer-prices-in-britain-rose-by-an-annualized-2-7-in-april-the-hig.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
8. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
9. [The United Kingdom, on Friday, did not derive energy from any coal-fired source, the first continuous 24-hour, coal-free period for the UK since use of the fossil fuel began. Coal accounted for just 9 percent of the electricity generated last year. ](/news/2017/04/22/the-united-kingdom-on-friday-did-not-derive-energy-from-any-coal-fired-source-the-first-continuous-24-hour-coal-free-period-for-the-uk-s.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
10. [British sports retailer Sports Direct agreed to acquire the American retail chains Bob's Stores and Eastern Mountain Sports for $101 million out of bankruptcy. ](/news/2017/04/21/british-sports-retailer-sports-direct-agreed-to-acquire-the-american-retail-chains-bob-s-stores-and-eastern-mountain-sports-for-101-million.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
