### [2013-06-8](/news/2013/06/8/index.md)

# With governor Peter Shumlin signing the law, Vermont becomes the 17th state to decriminalize the possession of small amounts of cannabis. 

Vermont has become the latest state to remove criminal penalties for the possession of small quantities of marijuana with legislation signed into law. &nbsp; Civil fines will replace criminal...


### Source:

1. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/news/nation/nationnow/la-na-nn-vermont-marijuana-decriminalization-20130607,0,5218333.story)

### Related:

1. [Governor of Vermont Peter Shumlin abandons plans for the first single-payer health care system in the United States, citing transparency problems and heavy tax increases. ](/news/2014/12/19/governor-of-vermont-peter-shumlin-abandons-plans-for-the-first-single-payer-health-care-system-in-the-united-states-citing-transparency-pro.md) _Context: Peter Shumlin, Vermont_
2. [Legality of cannabis. Vermont governor Phil Scott vetoes a bill legalizing marijuana in the state. ](/news/2017/05/24/legality-of-cannabis-vermont-governor-phil-scott-vetoes-a-bill-legalizing-marijuana-in-the-state.md) _Context: Vermont_
3. [Cannabis in Israel. Israel changes its law regarding marijuana use. Instead of facing criminal charges, first-time offenders who smoke marijuana in public places will only receive a fine. ](/news/2017/03/5/cannabis-in-israel-israel-changes-its-law-regarding-marijuana-use-instead-of-facing-criminal-charges-first-time-offenders-who-smoke-marij.md) _Context: marijuana_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016. Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders endorses Democratic Party rival Hillary Clinton for president at a rally in New Hampshire, effectively suspending his presidential campaign. ](/news/2016/07/12/united-states-presidential-election-2016-vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-endorses-democratic-party-rival-hillary-clinton-for-president-at-a.md) _Context: Vermont_
5. [Drug policy of Canada. Canada's Minister of Health Jane Philpott says federal legislation to legalize marijuana will be introduced in spring of 2017. ](/news/2016/04/20/drug-policy-of-canada-canada-s-minister-of-health-jane-philpott-says-federal-legislation-to-legalize-marijuana-will-be-introduced-in-spring.md) _Context: marijuana_
6. [United States presidential election, 2016. Voters in the U.S. states of Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, and the overseas territory of American Samoa go to the polls to vote on Super Tuesday. ](/news/2016/03/1/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-alabama-alaska-arkansas-colorado-georgia-massachusetts-minneso.md) _Context: Vermont_
7. [United States presidential election, 2016. Tulsi Gabbard resigns as vice-chair of the Democratic National Committee and endorses Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2016/02/28/united-states-presidential-election-2016-tulsi-gabbard-resigns-as-vice-chair-of-the-democratic-national-committee-and-endorses-vermont-sen.md) _Context: Vermont_
8. [United States presidential election, 2016. Former New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg is seriously considering a possible independent presidential run if Donald Trump or Texas Senator Ted Cruz face Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders in the general election. ](/news/2016/01/23/united-states-presidential-election-2016-former-new-york-city-mayor-michael-bloomberg-is-seriously-considering-a-possible-independent-pres.md) _Context: Vermont_
9. [The same day the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration announces it is easing restrictions on medical research involving cannabidiol (CBD), a key component in marijuana, NYU Langone Medical Center researchers report a clinical trial suggests a pill containing CBD may reduce seizures for children and young adults with epilepsy. ](/news/2015/12/24/the-same-day-the-u-s-drug-enforcement-administration-announces-it-is-easing-restrictions-on-medical-research-involving-cannabidiol-cbd-a.md) _Context: marijuana_
10. [United States presidential election, 2016. Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders presidential campaign fires national data director Josh Uretsky, and suspends two staffers following Friday's announcement the campaign had improperly accessed and downloaded voter data belonging to Hillary Clinton's campaign. NBC News reports at least four individuals affiliated with the campaign were involved in the breach, which occurred Wednesday. ](/news/2015/12/20/united-states-presidential-election-2016-vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-presidential-campaign-fires-national-data-director-josh-uretsky-a.md) _Context: Vermont_
