### [2015-10-5](/news/2015/10/5/index.md)

# At least nine people are dead as Typhoon Mujigae hits southern China in the midst of the country's weeklong National Day holiday. Mujigae also generates several strong tornadoes and leaves dozens of fishermen missing. Nearly 200,000 people had been evacuated before the storm made landfall. Neighboring Guangxi Zhuang region orders 12,700 fishing boats and 35,400 offshore workers to return to port. 

Typhoon Mujigae prompted evacuation of about 200,000 people in southern China.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/81f7ebb372e34ddf954e1c656e9cc6f3/typhoon-heads-south-china-tens-thousands-evacuated)
2. [International Business Times](http://www.ibtimes.com/typhoon-mujigae-kills-8-south-china-leaves-dozens-missing-2126345)
3. [Manila Sun Star](http://www.sunstar.com.ph/manila/local-news/2015/10/04/kabayan-claims-2-lives-433910)
4. [Philippine Star](http://www.philstar.com/headlines/2015/10/04/1507068/storm-kabayan-leaves-two-dead)

### Related:

1. [Chinese authorities arrest a suspect in yesterday's 17 Liucheng County mail bomb explosions that killed at least seven people and wounded more than 50. The suspect is identified as 33-year-old quarry-worker, Wei Yinyong, from Dapu township also in Guangxi Province. There is another explosion this morning. While it's not clear if it is connected, authorities reportedly located 60 packages yesterday which were being examined by a bomb squad. ](/news/2015/10/1/chinese-authorities-arrest-a-suspect-in-yesterday-s-17-liucheng-county-mail-bomb-explosions-that-killed-at-least-seven-people-and-wounded-mo.md) _Context: China, Guangxi Zhuang_
2. [At least six people are killed and dozens injured in explosions at 15 locations in Liucheng County in China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region. The explosives were reportedly concealed inside express delivery packages. Chinese officials have identified a suspect, but the motive is not yet known. ](/news/2015/09/30/at-least-six-people-are-killed-and-dozens-injured-in-explosions-at-15-locations-in-liucheng-county-in-china-s-guangxi-zhuang-autonomous-regi.md) _Context: China, Guangxi Zhuang_
3. [Chinese police shoot dead two ethnic Uighurs in Pingxiang, Guangxi while they attempt to cross into Vietnam after members of their group resisted arrest with knives. The public security ministry accuses a separatist group of orchestrating hundreds of cases of human smuggling. ](/news/2015/01/18/chinese-police-shoot-dead-two-ethnic-uighurs-in-pingxiang-guangxi-while-they-attempt-to-cross-into-vietnam-after-members-of-their-group-res.md) _Context: China, Guangxi Zhuang_
4. [A magnitude 7.0 earthquake strikes Sichuan in southwest China, killing at least thirteen people and injuring more than 175. ](/news/2017/08/8/a-magnitude-7-0-earthquake-strikes-sichuan-in-southwest-china-killing-at-least-thirteen-people-and-injuring-more-than-175.md) _Context: China_
5. [India and China agree to end a two month-long stand-off with the withdrawal of Indian troops. The stand-off began in June after China began constructing a road in the disputed territory of Doklam which is claimed by both China and Bhutan. ](/news/2017/08/28/india-and-china-agree-to-end-a-two-month-long-stand-off-with-the-withdrawal-of-indian-troops-the-stand-off-began-in-june-after-china-began.md) _Context: China_
6. [Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos. ](/news/2017/08/2/teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece-of-faulty-dna.md) _Context: China_
7. [India increases its military alert amid a border standoff with the People's Liberation Army of China at Doklam. ](/news/2017/08/12/india-increases-its-military-alert-amid-a-border-standoff-with-the-people-s-liberation-army-of-china-at-doklam.md) _Context: China_
8. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: China_
9. [A Chinese state company signs an order with Airbus for 100 A320 and 40 A350 airplanes. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-chinese-state-company-signs-an-order-with-airbus-for-100-a320-and-40-a350-airplanes.md) _Context: China_
10. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: China_
