### [2015-10-5](/news/2015/10/5/index.md)

# Fighting rages between Houthi militants and Hadi loyalists backed-by Saudi-led coalition forces along Yemen's Red Sea coast for control over the strategic Bab-el-Mandeb strait. Houthi officials say that their forces have destroyed six opposing tanks and killed multiple pro-Hadi fighters. Also, the UAE announces another of its soldiers has died during fighting in Ma'rib. 




### Source:

1. [Business Insider](http://www.businessinsider.com/ap-fighting-rages-on-yemens-red-sea-coast-2015-10?IR=T)

### Related:

1. [Two senior army commanders from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are killed, including the head of the Saudi Special forces in Yemen, Colonel Abdullah al-Sahyan, along with dozens of Saudi, Emirati, Sudanese and Yemeni coalition troops in a OTR-21 Tochka missile attack by Houthi forces on their base near the city of Taiz in southwestern Yemen. ](/news/2015/12/14/two-senior-army-commanders-from-saudi-arabia-and-the-united-arab-emirates-are-killed-including-the-head-of-the-saudi-special-forces-in-yeme.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi-led coalition, United Arab Emirates, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
2. [Pro-Hadi government forces backed by Arab coalition air and naval forces, seize control of the Hanish Islands off the coast of Yemen, near the strategic Bab-el-Mandeb strait from troops loyal to former president Ali Abdullah Saleh. The islands have been subject to heavy shelling by coalition forces for weeks according to local fishermen. ](/news/2015/12/10/pro-hadi-government-forces-backed-by-arab-coalition-air-and-naval-forces-seize-control-of-the-hanish-islands-off-the-coast-of-yemen-near-t.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Bab-el-Mandeb, Saudi-led coalition, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
3. [A Saudi-led coalition airstrike targeting Houthis in the southern Taiz Governorate mistakenly hits a Hadi-loyalist position, killing at least 20 fighters. ](/news/2015/10/17/a-saudi-led-coalition-airstrike-targeting-houthis-in-the-southern-taiz-governorate-mistakenly-hits-a-hadi-loyalist-position-killing-at-leas.md) _Context: Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi, Houthi, Saudi-led coalition, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
4. [The United Arab Emirates pulls its troops out of Yemen amid mounting casualties among its forces battling Shia Houthi militants and rising tensions with local fighters in Aden, southern Yemen, which escalated yesterday when Aden International Airport was stormed by local pro-government gunmen. The airport has now been closed. ](/news/2016/02/24/the-united-arab-emirates-pulls-its-troops-out-of-yemen-amid-mounting-casualties-among-its-forces-battling-shia-houthi-militants-and-rising-t.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi-led coalition, United Arab Emirates_
5. [Saudi-led coalition airstrikes, targeting Houthi rebels battling pro-government fighters, killed and wounded dozens in the port city of Mocha, according to Yemeni security officials. Around 35 fighters on both sides were killed in the battle over a key military base near the city of Taiz. ](/news/2015/12/8/saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-targeting-houthi-rebels-battling-pro-government-fighters-killed-and-wounded-dozens-in-the-port-city-of-moch.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi-led coalition, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
6. [Houthi forces regain several positions across southern Yemen after launching a fresh offensive against loyalist and coalition forces. In Lahij province, which borders Aden, Houthi forces are now positioned on a hill overlooking the strategic Al Anad Air Base, which houses Sudanese forces. The Houthis also retook the Damt District in the Dhale province after besieging it for hours, at least 16 people were killed in the clashes. ](/news/2015/11/8/houthi-forces-regain-several-positions-across-southern-yemen-after-launching-a-fresh-offensive-against-loyalist-and-coalition-forces-in-lah.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi-led coalition, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
7. [The United Arab Emirates has recruited several hundred Central and South American mercenaries to fight the Houthis in Yemen. ](/news/2015/11/25/the-united-arab-emirates-has-recruited-several-hundred-central-and-south-american-mercenaries-to-fight-the-houthis-in-yemen.md) _Context: Houthi, United Arab Emirates, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
8. [Government forces and their allies, including troops from a Saudi Arabian-led coalition, capture the town of Sirwah, the last outpost of Houthi militants in the key Marib province. ](/news/2015/10/8/government-forces-and-their-allies-including-troops-from-a-saudi-arabian-led-coalition-capture-the-town-of-sirwah-the-last-outpost-of-hou.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi-led coalition, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
9. [A hotel where Vice President of Yemen and Prime Minister Khaled Bahah was staying in Aden which was also being used as a de facto military base by Arab coalition forces is hit by multiple explosions killing at least 15 coalition soldiers. Although the Houthis were first suspected and accused of being behind the attack, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant has since claimed responsibility, marking the first attack on Arab coalition forces in Yemen by the extremist group. ](/news/2015/10/6/a-hotel-where-vice-president-of-yemen-and-prime-minister-khaled-bahah-was-staying-in-aden-which-was-also-being-used-as-a-de-facto-military-b.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi-led coalition, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
10. [At least 40 people, including several fishermen, are reportedly killed following Saudi-led coalition airstrikes on two islands off Yemen's Red Sea coast. Local fisherman reported coalition aircraft and warships struck the Aqban and Kadman islands targeting Houthi forces but also destroyed several boats killing local fishermen. ](/news/2015/10/24/at-least-40-people-including-several-fishermen-are-reportedly-killed-following-saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-on-two-islands-off-yemen-s-r.md) _Context: Houthi, Red Sea, Saudi-led coalition_
