### [2015-10-5](/news/2015/10/5/index.md)

# The El Faro, missing since Thursday, is categorized as sunk with 33 people on board during Hurricane Joaquin after a debris field is found. 

A 225-square-mile &quot;debris field&quot; was discovered by crews looking for signs of a cargo ship carrying 28 Americans that vanished during a hurricane.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/el-faro-hunt-debris-field-found-after-ship-vanishes-storm-n438466?cid=eml_nbn_20151005)

### Related:

1. [U.S. Coast Guard searchers, looking for the 790-foot El Faro cargo ship missing since Thursday, locate multiple objects, including life jackets, life rings, containers, and an oil sheen in the waters off The Bahamas. Connection to El Faro is not immediately confirmed. ](/news/2015/10/4/u-s-coast-guard-searchers-looking-for-the-790-foot-el-faro-cargo-ship-missing-since-thursday-locate-multiple-objects-including-life-jack.md) _Context: El Faro, Hurricane Joaquin_
2. [The American National Transportation Safety Board confirms that wreckage found on Saturday east of the Bahamas is the cargo ship SS "El Faro" that sank during Hurricane Joaquin on October 1. ](/news/2015/11/2/the-american-national-transportation-safety-board-confirms-that-wreckage-found-on-saturday-east-of-the-bahamas-is-the-cargo-ship-ss-el-faro.md) _Context: Hurricane Joaquin_
3. [The United States National Transportation Safety Board announces it has completed its search of the sunken "El Faro", but did not find the voyage data recorder, i.e., the black box. ](/news/2015/11/16/the-united-states-national-transportation-safety-board-announces-it-has-completed-its-search-of-the-sunken-el-faro-but-did-not-find-the-v.md) _Context: Hurricane Joaquin_
4. [The United States Navy sends a remotely operated underwater craft to investigate a wreck which they believe is the remains of the El Faro which disappeared on October 1 near the Bahamas during Hurricane Joaquin with 33 people on board. ](/news/2015/11/1/the-united-states-navy-sends-a-remotely-operated-underwater-craft-to-investigate-a-wreck-which-they-believe-is-the-remains-of-the-el-faro-wh.md) _Context: Hurricane Joaquin_
5. [Thirteen people are reported to have died during this storm, 11 in South Carolina and two in North Carolina. At least 18 dams have breached or failed since Saturday. Communities downstream face a mass of water working its way toward the low-lying coast. ](/news/2015/10/6/thirteen-people-are-reported-to-have-died-during-this-storm-11-in-south-carolina-and-two-in-north-carolina-at-least-18-dams-have-breached.md) _Context: Hurricane Joaquin_
6. [U.S. President Barack Obama declares a state of emergency for South Carolina, after the state receives over two feet of rain in some areas. More than 250 roads across the state close. A low pressure area funnels heavy tropical moisture into the region, as well as, pulls in Hurricane Joaquin-related precipitation. ](/news/2015/10/4/u-s-president-barack-obama-declares-a-state-of-emergency-for-south-carolina-after-the-state-receives-over-two-feet-of-rain-in-some-areas.md) _Context: Hurricane Joaquin_
7. [As Hurricane Joaquin, still a Category 3 storm, heads northeast, a Tropical Storm Warning and a Hurricane Watch are in effect for Bermuda. Winds will begin to strengthen early Saturday with thunderstorms and more significant showers around midnight. Joaquin should turn toward the north-northeast Sunday and pass around 125 nmi west of Bermuda that evening. ](/news/2015/10/3/as-hurricane-joaquin-still-a-category-3-storm-heads-northeast-a-tropical-storm-warning-and-a-hurricane-watch-are-in-effect-for-bermuda-w.md) _Context: Hurricane Joaquin_
8. [The U.S. Coast Guard is searching for a 735-foot (224-meter) cargo ship named 'El Faro,' with 33 people on board, that went missing near Crooked Island in the Bahamas during Hurricane Joaquin. Five Poles and 28 Americans make up the crew. ](/news/2015/10/2/the-u-s-coast-guard-is-searching-for-a-735-foot-224-meter-cargo-ship-named-el-faro-with-33-people-on-board-that-went-missing-near-cro.md) _Context: Hurricane Joaquin_
9. [Hurricane Joaquin becomes a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph. Some additional strengthening is possible tomorrow. The storm, moving at just 6 mph, is predicted to drop 10 to 15 inches of rain in the central Bahamas with up to five inches expected for the rest of the archipelago. ](/news/2015/10/1/hurricane-joaquin-becomes-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-some-additional-strengthening-is-possible-tomorrow.md) _Context: Hurricane Joaquin_
10. [Hurricane Joaquin passes over ocean with temperatures near 86degF (30degC) - the warmest since record keeping began in 1880. ](/news/2015/09/30/hurricane-joaquin-passes-over-ocean-with-temperatures-near-86adegf-30adegc-the-warmest-since-record-keeping-began-in-1880.md) _Context: Hurricane Joaquin_
