### [2015-10-5](/news/2015/10/5/index.md)

# The Trans-Pacific Partnership between the United States and 11 Pacific Rim countries is finalized in the American city of Atlanta. According to wikileaks, the main point of the deal will be that trans-national corporations will not be subjected to the laws of individual countries. Instead, an international system will be formed with the right to overrule national laws and legal decisions. 




### Source:

1. [The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/national-affairs/foreign-affairs/tpp-trade-minister-andrew-robb-trumpets-excellent-deal/story-fn59nm2j-1227558133929)

### Related:

1. [Presidency of Donald Trump. U.S. President Donald Trump issues executive orders to withdraw the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and reinstates the Mexico City Policy, a policy banning U.S. aid to foreign organizations that use funds from other sources to perform or discuss abortions, which Barack Obama scrapped in 2009. ](/news/2017/01/23/presidency-of-donald-trump-u-s-president-donald-trump-issues-executive-orders-to-withdraw-the-united-states-from-the-trans-pacific-partner.md) _Context: Trans-Pacific Partnership, United States_
2. [The United States House of Representatives votes down key supporting legislation that would support the Trans-Pacific Partnership with 11 Pacific Rim nations. ](/news/2015/06/12/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-down-key-supporting-legislation-that-would-support-the-trans-pacific-partnership-with-11-pa.md) _Context: Pacific Rim, Trans-Pacific Partnership_
3. [Thirty-five American teachers from Atlanta are indicted on fraud charges for allegedly facilitating cheating on standardized tests dating back to 2001. ](/news/2013/04/3/thirty-five-american-teachers-from-atlanta-are-indicted-on-fraud-charges-for-allegedly-facilitating-cheating-on-standardized-tests-dating-ba.md) _Context: Atlanta, United States_
4. [A teacher suffers scrapes and bruises and a 14-year-old boy is shot in the back of the neck and suffers a non-life-threatening wound at Luther Judson Price Middle School, a newer Atlanta Public Schools facility in Atlanta, Georgia, United States. The boy is stable at a hospital and the suspected student was safely disarmed by a resource officer and arrested. ](/news/2013/01/31/a-teacher-suffers-scrapes-and-bruises-and-a-14-year-old-boy-is-shot-in-the-back-of-the-neck-and-suffers-a-non-life-threatening-wound-at-luth.md) _Context: Atlanta, United States_
5. [Surgeons at the Shepherd Center in Atlanta, Georgia inject a spinal cord injury patient with embryonic stem cells in an experiment approved by United States Food and Drug Administration. ](/news/2010/10/11/surgeons-at-the-shepherd-center-in-atlanta-georgia-inject-a-spinal-cord-injury-patient-with-embryonic-stem-cells-in-an-experiment-approved.md) _Context: Atlanta, United States_
6. [A Salvador Dal exhibition in Atlanta, United States, is to feature items from Canada, Japan and Scotland. ](/news/2010/08/5/a-salvador-dali-exhibition-in-atlanta-united-states-is-to-feature-items-from-canada-japan-and-scotland.md) _Context: Atlanta, United States_
7. [115th United States Congress. U.S. lawmakers break for summer recess. ](/news/2017/08/3/115th-united-states-congress-u-s-lawmakers-break-for-summer-recess.md) _Context: United States_
8. [Solar eclipse of August 21, 2017. Millions of United States residents and visitors are able to witness a total solar eclipse that crosses through North America. It is the first total solar eclipse visible across the entire contiguous United States since the solar eclipse of June 8, 1918. ](/news/2017/08/21/solar-eclipse-of-august-21-2017-millions-of-united-states-residents-and-visitors-are-able-to-witness-a-total-solar-eclipse-that-crosses-th.md) _Context: United States_
9. [Immigration policy of Donald Trump. United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the RAISE Act, a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. ](/news/2017/08/2/immigration-policy-of-donald-trump-united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-ra.md) _Context: United States_
10. [Gene editing. Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos. ](/news/2017/08/2/gene-editing-teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece.md) _Context: United States_
