### [2017-04-11](/news/2017/04/11/index.md)

# North Korea announces its readiness to declare war on the United States after the country previously stated that they felt threatened as U.S. military forces approach the Korean Peninsula. 

NORTH Korea is continuing to talk tough with the US, this time promising their “grim action” is going to bring “catastrophic consequences” to the world.


### Source:

1. [News.com.au](http://www.news.com.au/finance/work/leaders/tensions-at-tipping-point-why-donald-trump-had-to-act-on-north-korea-now/news-story/af8e0c30f9f21f6c6e45fdde868305be)

### Related:

1. [American student Otto Warmbier, who returned to the United States after serving 17 months in the North Korean prison system dies after returning from North Korea last week in very poor health. His family has accused the Government of North Korea of torturing him. ](/news/2017/06/19/american-student-otto-warmbier-who-returned-to-the-united-states-after-serving-17-months-in-the-north-korean-prison-system-dies-after-retur.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations, United States_
2. [The United States Pacific Command deploys warships, including the USS ''Carl Vinson'', to move towards the Korean Peninsula following North Korea's recent tests with weapons of mass destruction and opposition to the Sharyat missile strike. North Korea is also reclassified as a state sponsor of terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/9/the-united-states-pacific-command-deploys-warships-including-the-uss-carl-vinson-to-move-towards-the-korean-peninsula-following-north.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, North Korea-United States relations_
3. [U.S.-based monitoring group 38 North says satellite imagery of North Korea's Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site indicates that preparation for a sixth nuclear weapons test is underway. ](/news/2017/04/13/u-s-based-monitoring-group-38-north-says-satellite-imagery-of-north-korea-s-punggye-ri-nuclear-test-site-indicates-that-preparation-for-a-s.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations, United States_
4. [In response to the annual military drills, North Korea threatens to destroy Seoul and Washington, D.C. through nuclear weapons if provoked. Both South Korea and the United States insist the drills are for defense. ](/news/2016/08/23/in-response-to-the-annual-military-drills-north-korea-threatens-to-destroy-seoul-and-washington-d-c-through-nuclear-weapons-if-provoked.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations, United States_
5. [North Korea says the United States has "crossed the red line in our showdown" after placing sanctions on its leader Kim Jong-un over human rights abuses, and considers the sanctions to be a "declaration of war" by the United States. ](/news/2016/07/28/north-korea-says-the-united-states-has-crossed-the-red-line-in-our-showdown-after-placing-sanctions-on-its-leader-kim-jong-un-over-human-r.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-United States relations, United States_
6. [Aftermath of the 2013 Korean crisis:North Korea warns against an underway joint military drill by South Korea and the United States, stating that the exercise could jeopardize a recent easing of tension on the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2013/08/29/aftermath-of-the-2013-korean-crisis-pnorth-korea-warns-against-an-underway-joint-military-drill-by-south-korea-and-the-united-states-statin.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, United States_
7. [North Korea renews war threats against South Korea and the United States, saying conditions "for a simmering nuclear war" have been created on the Korean peninsula. The country also says it is cutting a military hotline, which facilitates the travel of South Korean workers to a joint industrial complex in Kaesong. ](/news/2013/03/27/north-korea-renews-war-threats-against-south-korea-and-the-united-states-saying-conditions-for-a-simmering-nuclear-war-have-been-created.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, United States_
8. [Korean peninsula:Officials from the United States, South Korea and Japan are to meet in Washington, D.C., to discuss North Korea. ](/news/2010/11/30/korean-peninsula-pofficials-from-the-united-states-south-korea-and-japan-are-to-meet-in-washington-d-c-to-discuss-north-korea.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, United States_
9. [Korean peninsula:North Korea issues warnings about a planned exercise by South Korea and the United States this weekend. ](/news/2010/11/26/korean-peninsula-pnorth-korea-issues-warnings-about-a-planned-exercise-by-south-korea-and-the-united-states-this-weekend.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, United States_
10. [ North Korea calls for the end of hostilities with the United States and a nuclear free Korean Peninsula, to restart talks; in its annual New Year editorial. ](/news/2010/01/1/north-korea-calls-for-the-end-of-hostilities-with-the-united-states-and-a-nuclear-free-korean-peninsula-to-restart-talks-in-its-annual-ne.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea, United States_
