### [2017-04-11](/news/2017/04/11/index.md)

# United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz issues an apology for the removal of a passenger from an overbooked flight on April 9, which has since gone viral. United Airlines stock drops more than 4%, a loss of PS800 million to the company's value. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-39572841)

### Related:

1. [In an alleged case of abuse of power, a United Airlines worker has canceled a passanger's flight ticket because the passager was recording a baggage fee dispute with a smartphone. This incident follows just one month after the United Express Flight 3411 incident. Officials have later apologized for the incident. ](/news/2017/05/12/in-an-alleged-case-of-abuse-of-power-a-united-airlines-worker-has-canceled-a-passanger-s-flight-ticket-because-the-passager-was-recording-a.md) _Context: United Airlines, United Express Flight 3411 incident_
2. [A United Airlines passenger is dragged off a flight at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago. The airline company is under fire because of the mistreatment of the passenger. ](/news/2017/04/9/a-united-airlines-passenger-is-dragged-off-a-flight-at-o-hare-international-airport-in-chicago-the-airline-company-is-under-fire-because-of.md) _Context: United Airlines, United Express Flight 3411 incident_
3. [United Airlines Flight 880 makes an emergency landing at Shannon Airport in the Republic of Ireland due to "severe and unexpected turbulence". At least 12 people are hospitalized. ](/news/2016/08/31/united-airlines-flight-880-makes-an-emergency-landing-at-shannon-airport-in-the-republic-of-ireland-due-to-severe-and-unexpected-turbulence.md) _Context: United Airlines_
4. [The United States tentatively approves eight, of 12 that applied, airlines for flights from 10 U.S. cities to Havana as early as this fall: Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, Frontier Airlines, JetBlue Airways, Southwest Airlines, Spirit Airlines, and United Airlines. Last month, flights were approved from five U.S. cities to nine other international airports. ](/news/2016/07/7/the-united-states-tentatively-approves-eight-of-12-that-applied-airlines-for-flights-from-10-u-s-cities-to-havana-as-early-as-this-fall.md) _Context: United Airlines_
5. [Jeff Smisek resigns as CEO of United Airlines due to allegations that he tried to improperly influence officials at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. ](/news/2015/09/8/jeff-smisek-resigns-as-ceo-of-united-airlines-due-to-allegations-that-he-tried-to-improperly-influence-officials-at-the-port-authority-of-ne.md) _Context: United Airlines_
6. [A ground stop of all U.S. airport-based United Airlines (UAL) mainline flights following a system-wide network connectivity issue is lifted after a 1 hour, 21 minute suspension of morning service. The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), which is also investigating, says all of United Continental Holdings Inc. regional airlines are now unaffected. This follows a similar issue on June 2, 2015 due to automation problems. ](/news/2015/07/8/a-ground-stop-of-all-u-s-airport-based-united-airlines-ual-mainline-flights-following-a-system-wide-network-connectivity-issue-is-lifted.md) _Context: United Airlines_
7. [Continental Airlines announces that it plans to lay off 500 staff in Houston, Texas following its merger with United Airlines. ](/news/2011/02/7/continental-airlines-announces-that-it-plans-to-lay-off-500-staff-in-houston-texas-following-its-merger-with-united-airlines.md) _Context: United Airlines_
8. [United Airlines temporarily grounds its fleet of 96 Boeing 757 jetliners so it can perform checks to earlier modifications to air-data computers. ](/news/2011/02/15/united-airlines-temporarily-grounds-its-fleet-of-96-boeing-757-jetliners-so-it-can-perform-checks-to-earlier-modifications-to-air-data-compu.md) _Context: United Airlines_
9. [United Airlines shareholders  meeting in Elk Grove, Illinois in Cook County, approve a deal to merge with Continental Airlines to create the world's biggest airline. ](/news/2010/09/17/united-airlines-shareholders-meeting-in-elk-grove-illinois-in-cook-county-approve-a-deal-to-merge-with-continental-airlines-to-create-the.md) _Context: United Airlines_
10. [The United States Department of Justice closes an antitrust probe into a proposed merger of United Airlines and Continental Airlines clearing the way for shareholders to vote on the proposal. ](/news/2010/08/27/the-united-states-department-of-justice-closes-an-antitrust-probe-into-a-proposed-merger-of-united-airlines-and-continental-airlines-clearin.md) _Context: United Airlines_
