### [2011-11-23](/news/2011/11/23/index.md)

# In a warning to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to step down, Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan calls al-Assad's ongoing crackdown on protests cowardice, comparing al-Assad to past dictators such as Adolf Hitler and Muammar Gaddafi. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2011/11/22/world/meast/syria-unrest/index.html?hpt=hp_t2)

### Related:

1. [Syrian uprising:Syrian forces shell villages near the Lebanese border, and heavy gunfire is heard in Talkalakh, with reports of 8 people having died, in the latest phase of a crackdown by Syrian forces on protesters demonstrating against the rule of President Bashar al-Assad. Lebanon tries to seal the border after hundreds flee from Syrian troops and a wounded Syrian woman dies of her injuries after entering Lebanon. ](/news/2011/05/15/syrian-uprising-psyrian-forces-shell-villages-near-the-lebanese-border-and-heavy-gunfire-is-heard-in-talkalakh-with-reports-of-8-people-ha.md) _Context: 2011 Syrian uprising, Bashar al-Assad, Syrian President_
2. [Turkey's president Recep Tayyip Erdogan warns Russia not to "play with fire" and says Russia is supporting the "state terrorism" of the Bashar al-Assad regime in Syria that has "killed 380,000 people". Relations between the former Cold War antagonists have been severely damaged after Turkey shot down a Russian Sukhoi Su-24 near the Syria-Turkey border on November 24, 2015. ](/news/2015/11/27/turkey-s-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-warns-russia-not-to-play-with-fire-and-says-russia-is-supporting-the-state-terrorism-of-the-bas.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan_
3. [Syrian uprising:At least 48 people are reported killed across Syria as US President Barack Obama and Turkish Prime Minister Erdogan hold talks about a process for transitioning to a "legitimate government". ](/news/2012/03/25/syrian-uprising-pat-least-48-people-are-reported-killed-across-syria-as-us-president-barack-obama-and-turkish-prime-minister-erdoaan-hold-t.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish Prime Minister_
4. [2011 Syrian uprising: At least 19 people are killed across Syria by security forces as protests continue against the regime of President Bashar al-Assad. ](/news/2011/11/19/2011-syrian-uprising-at-least-19-people-are-killed-across-syria-by-security-forces-as-protests-continue-against-the-regime-of-president-bas.md) _Context: 2011 Syrian uprising, Bashar al-Assad_
5. [Arab Spring:2011 Syrian uprising:Syrian activists call for mass protests in schools against the regime of President Bashar al-Assad as the school year begins. ](/news/2011/09/18/arab-spring-p2011-syrian-uprising-psyrian-activists-call-for-mass-protests-in-schools-against-the-regime-of-president-bashar-al-assad-as-the.md) _Context: 2011 Syrian uprising, Bashar al-Assad_
6. [2011 Syrian uprising: Massive protests are planned against the President Bashar al-Assad, after recent raids by the Army. ](/news/2011/08/12/2011-syrian-uprising-massive-protests-are-planned-against-the-president-bashar-al-assad-after-recent-raids-by-the-army.md) _Context: 2011 Syrian uprising, Bashar al-Assad_
7. [Arab Spring:2011 Syrian uprising: The Syrian army encircles the city of Hama after one of the largest protests against the regime of Bashar al-Assad. ](/news/2011/07/3/arab-spring-p2011-syrian-uprising-the-syrian-army-encircles-the-city-of-hama-after-one-of-the-largest-protests-against-the-regime-of-bashar.md) _Context: 2011 Syrian uprising, Bashar al-Assad_
8. [Protesters loyal to President Bashar al-Assad in the 2011 Syrian uprising break into the United States embassy in Damascus and try to break into the French embassy. ](/news/2011/07/11/protesters-loyal-to-president-bashar-al-assad-in-the-2011-syrian-uprising-break-into-the-united-states-embassy-in-damascus-and-try-to-break.md) _Context: 2011 Syrian uprising, Bashar al-Assad_
9. [2011 Syrian uprising Sources claim that the Syrian Army storms into the city of Baniyas attacking Sunni districts that have opposed President Bashar al-Assad during the 2011 Syrian protests. ](/news/2011/05/7/2011-syrian-uprising-psources-claim-that-the-syrian-army-storms-into-the-city-of-baniyas-attacking-sunni-districts-that-have-opposed-preside.md) _Context: 2011 Syrian uprising, Bashar al-Assad_
10. [One policeman is killed and another injured when Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan's convoy is attacked after a campaign rally in northern Turkey; Erdogan was not in the convoy at the time of the attack. ](/news/2011/05/4/one-policeman-is-killed-and-another-injured-when-turkish-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-s-convoy-is-attacked-after-a-campaign-rally-in.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish Prime Minister_
