### [2015-08-20](/news/2015/08/20/index.md)

# A mid-air collision between two aircraft near Bratislava, Slovakia leaves at least seven people killed. 

Two aircraft have crashed in mid-air near the Slovakian border with the Czech Republic, killing at least seven people.


### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/slovakia-plane-crash-two-aircraft-in-fatal-midair-collision-near-bratislava-10463339.html)

### Related:

1. [Poland-Russia relations. NATO-Russia relations. Polish Foreign Minister Witold Waszczykowski, during a visit to Slovakia for talks on the future of NATO, says Russia is more dangerous than the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). -By all evidence, Russia-s activity is a sort of existential threat because this activity can destroy countries,- Waszczykowski told reporters in Bratislava. He described ISIL as a very serious threat but said -it is not an existential threat for Europe-. ](/news/2016/04/15/poland-russia-relations-nato-russia-relations-polish-foreign-minister-witold-waszczykowski-during-a-visit-to-slovakia-for-talks-on-th.md) _Context: Bratislava, Slovakia's_
2. [In Slovakia, thousands of demonstrators rally against European Union plans to host asylum-seekers, and dozens are detained after they attacked spectators of a cycle race in the capital, Bratislava. ](/news/2015/06/20/in-slovakia-thousands-of-demonstrators-rally-against-european-union-plans-to-host-asylum-seekers-and-dozens-are-detained-after-they-attack.md) _Context: Bratislava, Slovakia's_
3. [2015 Middle East respiratory syndrome outbreak in South Korea. A South Korean man is hospitalised in the Slovak capital Bratislava with symptoms of MERS as the death toll in South Korea rises to 15. ](/news/2015/06/14/2015-middle-east-respiratory-syndrome-outbreak-in-south-korea-a-south-korean-man-is-hospitalised-in-the-slovak-capital-bratislava-with-symp.md) _Context: Bratislava, Slovakia's_
4. [A gunman opens fire in Devinska Nova Ves, a borough of the Slovak capital Bratislava, killing 8 people and injuring 14 others. ](/news/2010/08/30/a-gunman-opens-fire-in-devanska-nova-ves-a-borough-of-the-slovak-capital-bratislava-killing-8-people-and-injuring-14-others.md) _Context: Bratislava, Slovakia's_
5. [Slovak parliamentary election, 2016. Slovakia's newly-formed coalition government gains a vote of confidence as the legislature approves its program manifesto, 79-61. The ruling Direction - Social Democracy party, which did not win an absolute majority in March, has joined with the three other parties-Slovak National Party, Most-Hid, and Network-to total 85 of the National Council's 150 seats. ](/news/2016/04/26/slovak-parliamentary-election-2016-slovakia-s-newly-formed-coalition-government-gains-a-vote-of-confidence-as-the-legislature-approves-its.md) _Context: Slovakia's_
6. [Slovak parliamentary election, 2016. Voters in Slovakia choose representatives for all 150 National Council seats. While anti-migrant Prime Minister Robert Fico's Smer party is expected to lose its parliamentary majority, it should be in position to lead a coalition government. ](/news/2016/03/5/slovak-parliamentary-election-2016-voters-in-slovakia-choose-representatives-for-all-150-national-council-seats-while-anti-migrant-prime.md) _Context: Slovakia's_
7. [European migrant crisis. Slovakia mounts a legal challenge to mandatory quotas decided in a European Union ministerial summit yesterday. ](/news/2015/09/23/european-migrant-crisis-slovakia-mounts-a-legal-challenge-to-mandatory-quotas-decided-in-a-european-union-ministerial-summit-yesterday.md) _Context: Slovakia's_
8. [European migrant crisis. Foreign ministers from Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia meet with officials from the European Union and Germany to discuss differences over migrant quotas. ](/news/2015/09/11/european-migrant-crisis-foreign-ministers-from-czech-republic-hungary-poland-and-slovakia-meet-with-officials-from-the-european-union-and.md) _Context: Slovakia's_
9. [Slovak same-sex marriage referendum. Although greater than 90% vote in favor of the referendum, Slovak election officials deem the result invalid due to a low 21% voter turnout, far short of the 50% or greater turnout required for the results to be legally binding. ](/news/2015/02/7/slovak-same-sex-marriage-referendum-although-greater-than-90-vote-in-favor-of-the-referendum-slovak-election-officials-deem-the-result-in.md) _Context: Slovakia's_
10. [Slovakia and Ukraine agree to a deal that will allow gas from Central Europe to reach Ukraine via Slovakia. ](/news/2014/04/28/slovakia-and-ukraine-agree-to-a-deal-that-will-allow-gas-from-central-europe-to-reach-ukraine-via-slovakia.md) _Context: Slovakia's_
