### [2015-08-20](/news/2015/08/20/index.md)

# Former Subway pitchman Jared Fogle reaches a plea deal with U.S. federal prosecutors in Indianapolis. Fogle will plead guilty to possessing and distributing child pornography and traveling across state lines to have sex with at least two teenage girls. Under the deal, he will serve from 5 to 121/2 years in prison, and will also pay $1.4 million in restitution to 14 victims. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2015/08/19/us/subway-jared-fogle-charges/)

### Related:

1. [The FBI, U.S. Postal Service, and Indiana State Police seize electronics and other items from the Zionsville, Indiana home of Subway commercial spokesman Jared Fogle. The seizure comes two months after the former head of Fogle's foundation was arrested on child pornography charges. ](/news/2015/07/7/the-fbi-u-s-postal-service-and-indiana-state-police-seize-electronics-and-other-items-from-the-zionsville-indiana-home-of-subway-commerc.md) _Context: Jared Fogle, child pornography, restaurant_
2. [A court sentences former restaurant spokesperson Jared Fogle to over 15 years imprisonment for sex with minors and the possession of child pornography. ](/news/2015/11/19/a-court-sentences-former-restaurant-spokesperson-jared-fogle-to-over-15-years-imprisonment-for-sex-with-minors-and-the-possession-of-child-p.md) _Context: Jared Fogle, restaurant_
3. [The Norwegian newspaper "Aftenposten" accuses Facebook of censorship because of the website's decision to remove the iconic Vietnam War-era photo "napalm girl" as child pornography. ](/news/2016/09/9/the-norwegian-newspaper-aftenposten-accuses-facebook-of-censorship-because-of-the-website-s-decision-to-remove-the-iconic-vietnam-waraer.md) _Context: child pornography_
4. [The American Civil Liberties Union of Indiana sues Indiana Governor Mike Pence over his decision to block Syrian refugees from resettling in the state. The ACLU, on behalf of Indianapolis-based nonprofit Exodus Refugee Immigration, accuses Pence of violating the Equal Protection Clause of the Constitution by accepting refugees from other countries but not those from Syria. ](/news/2015/11/24/the-american-civil-liberties-union-of-indiana-sues-indiana-governor-mike-pence-over-his-decision-to-block-syrian-refugees-from-resettling-in.md) _Context: Indianapolis_
5. [In a five-day national dragnet last week, Operation Cross Check, the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) rounds up 2,059 people who had been convicted of crimes and had been living in the country illegally. Most were not violent criminals (none were implicated in terrorism; almost all the 912 misdemeanors were for driving under the influence, DWI; 476 of the felons were charged with an immigration violation, though some were convicted of manslaughter, robbery, rape, and child pornography). ](/news/2015/03/9/in-a-five-day-national-dragnet-last-week-operation-cross-check-the-u-s-immigration-and-customs-enforcement-ice-rounds-up-2-059-people-w.md) _Context: child pornography_
6. [Japan's parliament moves to ban the possession of child pornography. ](/news/2014/06/6/japan-s-parliament-moves-to-ban-the-possession-of-child-pornography.md) _Context: child pornography_
7. [Four people living at the same address in Savannah, Tennessee (3 men and 1 woman), believed to be involved in an area child pornography investigation and who had earlier fled a September 2013 FBI investigation (where computers and cameras were seized) are found dead of gunshot wounds (they may have been drugged) in a murder-suicide on a road in Double Springs, Winston County, Alabama. ](/news/2013/10/8/four-people-living-at-the-same-address-in-savannah-tennessee-3-men-and-1-woman-believed-to-be-involved-in-an-area-child-pornography-inve.md) _Context: child pornography_
8. [Google announces a new system aimed at removing child pornography from the internet. ](/news/2013/06/16/google-announces-a-new-system-aimed-at-removing-child-pornography-from-the-internet.md) _Context: child pornography_
9. [Indianapolis and Indiana state homeland security and police authorities now say that the $4.4 million explosion in Richmond Hill neighborhood may not be due to gas or a faulty furnace, but may somehow have been an intentional criminal homicide; they are seeking a white van that was seen in that subdivision the day of the blast with a $10,000 reward. ](/news/2012/11/19/indianapolis-and-indiana-state-homeland-security-and-police-authorities-now-say-that-the-4-4-million-explosion-in-richmond-hill-neighborhoo.md) _Context: Indianapolis_
10. [The New York Court of Appeals, in The People v. James Kent, rules that merely viewing child pornography (or having a cache of it, as on a cell phone), despite its offensiveness, is not in itself illegal in the state, so long as one is not aware of the cache or did not download the images ono a drive in order to view them; state legislators have stated they will work to close those loopholes through formulation of legislation. Distribution, production, and purposeful possession would still be illegal.](/news/2012/05/8/the-new-york-court-of-appeals-in-the-people-v-james-kent-rules-that-merely-viewing-child-pornography-or-having-a-cache-of-it-as-on-a-ce.md) _Context: child pornography_
