### [2015-08-20](/news/2015/08/20/index.md)

# Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter announceds that his liver cancer (melanoma) has spread to his brain. In addition to radiation, Carter will be treated with a new drug, Keytruda (pembrolizumab), that boosts the immune system without the debilitating side effects of older treatments. 

The 90-year-old former president says he is &ldquo;perfectly at ease with whatever comes.&rdquo;


### Source:

1. [OncLive](http://www.onclive.com/web-exclusives/frontline-pembrolizumab-receives-priority-review-in-melanoma)
2. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/national/health-science/jimmy-carter-to-undergo-latest-immune-treatment-for-brain-cancer/2015/08/20/5b962c02-4775-11e5-846d-02792f854297_story.html)
3. [WRDW-TV GA](http://www.wrdw.com/home/headlines/Jimmy-Carter-to-discuss-cancer-diagnosis-in-Atlanta-on-Thursday-322206642.html)

### Related:

1. [Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter announces that his latest medical tests show he is cancer-free. Carter, 91, announced in August that a melanoma for which he had been treated had returned. ](/news/2015/12/6/former-u-s-president-jimmy-carter-announces-that-his-latest-medical-tests-show-he-is-cancer-free-carter-91-announced-in-august-that-a-me.md) _Context: Jimmy Carter, melanoma_
2. [Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter, aged 90, announces that recent liver surgery revealed that he is suffering from an as-yet unspecified form of cancer which has spread to other parts of his body. ](/news/2015/08/12/former-u-s-president-jimmy-carter-aged-90-announces-that-recent-liver-surgery-revealed-that-he-is-suffering-from-an-as-yet-unspecified-fo.md) _Context: Jimmy Carter, President of the United States_
3. [U.S. news magazine ''Time'' selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those.md) _Context: Jimmy Carter, President of the United States_
4. [Former President of the United States Jimmy Carter secures the release of US citizen Aijalon Gomes from North Korea. ](/news/2010/08/27/former-president-of-the-united-states-jimmy-carter-secures-the-release-of-us-citizen-aijalon-gomes-from-north-korea.md) _Context: Jimmy Carter, President of the United States_
5. [The former President of the United States Jimmy Carter arrives in North Korea to negotiate for the release of United States citizen Aijalon Gomes. ](/news/2010/08/25/the-former-president-of-the-united-states-jimmy-carter-arrives-in-north-korea-to-negotiate-for-the-release-of-united-states-citizen-aijalon.md) _Context: Jimmy Carter, President of the United States_
6. [A representation of President of the United States Barack Obama is found hanging by a noose with the epitaph "Plains, Georgia. Home of Jimmy Carter, our 39th President". ](/news/2010/01/4/a-representation-of-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-is-found-hanging-by-a-noose-with-the-epitaph-plains-georgia-home-of-jimmy.md) _Context: Jimmy Carter, President of the United States_
7. [ Former President of the United States Jimmy Carter reiterates that no person from the United States Department of State ever asked him not to meet with representatives from Hamas or Syria.  ](/news/2008/04/23/former-president-of-the-united-states-jimmy-carter-reiterates-that-no-person-from-the-united-states-department-of-state-ever-asked-him-not.md) _Context: Jimmy Carter, President of the United States_
8. [ The United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice says that former President of the United States Jimmy Carter was advised not to hold talks with Hamas. ](/news/2008/04/22/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-says-that-former-president-of-the-united-states-jimmy-carter-was-advised-not-to-hold.md) _Context: Jimmy Carter, President of the United States_
9. [CNN is accused of threatening to reveal the personal identity of a Reddit user who made a GIF depicting United States President Donald Trump tackling a man to the ground, with CNN's logo superimposed on the man's face. The GIF was modified and posted on Trump's Twitter feed. ](/news/2017/07/4/cnn-is-accused-of-threatening-to-reveal-the-personal-identity-of-a-reddit-user-who-made-a-gif-depicting-united-states-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: President of the United States_
10. [Representative Brad Sherman files the first articles for the formal impeachment of Donald Trump in his position of President of the United States. ](/news/2017/07/12/representative-brad-sherman-files-the-first-articles-for-the-formal-impeachment-of-donald-trump-in-his-position-of-president-of-the-united-s.md) _Context: President of the United States_
