### [2015-08-20](/news/2015/08/20/index.md)

# Operation Car Wash. In Brazil, prosecutors lodge corruption charges against Speaker of the Lower House Eduardo Cunha and former President Fernando Collor de Mello, alleging illegal activities involving the state-owned oil company, Petrobras. 

Speaker of lower house and ex-president named by prosecutors in investigation into kickbacks scheme linked to Petrobras.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/08/brazil-key-political-figures-face-corruption-charges-150821013638139.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-34012980)
3. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/aug/21/brazils-speaker-and-a-former-president-face-corruption-charges)

### Related:

1. [Operation Car Wash. Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff. Acting on a request from Brazil's top prosecutor, Supreme Court Justice Teori Zavascki suspends President of the Deputies Chamber Eduardo Cunha for obstructing the Petrobras corruption investigation. The full court confirms this action, Cunha is eliminated from the line of succession to President Dilma Rousseff, who may be suspended from office next week. ](/news/2016/05/5/operation-car-wash-impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-acting-on-a-request-from-brazil-s-top-prosecutor-supreme-court-justice-teor.md) _Context: Eduardo Cunha, Operation Car Wash, President of the Brazilian Chamber of Deputies_
2. [Corruption in Brazil. Operation Car Wash. Former Brazilian president Luiz Incio Lula da Silva is convicted on corruption and money laundering charges in connection with the Petrobras investigation. Lula, who remains free on appeal, is sentenced to nine and a half years in prison. ](/news/2017/07/12/corruption-in-brazil-operation-car-wash-former-brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-is-convicted-on-corruption-and-money-launderi.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash, Petrobras_
3. [Operation Car Wash. Brazilian construction firm Odebrecht and affiliated petrochemical company Braskem plead guilty of violating American foreign bribery laws in connection with the Petrobras deal. ](/news/2016/12/21/operation-car-wash-brazilian-construction-firm-odebrecht-and-affiliated-petrochemical-company-braskem-plead-guilty-of-violating-american-fo.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash, Petrobras_
4. [Eduardo Cunha, former President of the Brazilian Chamber of Deputies loses his position as a Deputy following a vote of the Chamber as a result of a series of corruption scandals. ](/news/2016/09/12/eduardo-cunha-former-president-of-the-brazilian-chamber-of-deputies-loses-his-position-as-a-deputy-following-a-vote-of-the-chamber-as-a-res.md) _Context: Eduardo Cunha, President of the Brazilian Chamber of Deputies_
5. [Impeachment process against Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff. Fabiano Silveira, Minister for Transparency, Supervision and Control, resigns after leaked recordings suggested he tried to derail the Petrobras corruption investigation. This "anti-corruption" ministry was created on May 12, 2016, when Vice President Michel Temer was sworn in as acting president. The same tapes led to the resignation of Planning Minister Romero Juca last week. ](/news/2016/05/30/impeachment-process-against-brazilian-president-dilma-rousseff-fabiano-silveira-minister-for-transparency-supervision-and-control-resign.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash, Petrobras_
6. [ Brazil impeachment process, 2016. President Dilma Rousseff, speaking with teachers and students, says Vice President Michel Temer and Chamber of Deputies Speaker Eduardo Cunha are jointly plotting her downfall. The two men are in line to succeed her if she is impeached. ](/news/2016/04/12/brazil-impeachment-process-2016-president-dilma-rousseff-speaking-with-teachers-and-students-says-vice-president-michel-temer-and-chamb.md) _Context: Eduardo Cunha, President of the Brazilian Chamber of Deputies_
7. [2015-16 protests in Brazil. Operation Car Wash. Brazilian Supreme Court Justice Gilmar Mendes rules Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva should be stripped of a ministerial role in President Dilma Rousseff's Cabinet so he can be investigated in connection with the state oil company Petrobras's alleged kickback scheme. Earlier today, injunctions suspending Lula's appointment as chief of staff were overturned at Attorney General Jose Eduardo Cardozo's request for a Supreme Court ruling on the motions. ](/news/2016/03/18/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-operation-car-wash-brazilian-supreme-court-justice-gilmar-mendes-rules-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-should-be-s.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash, Petrobras_
8. [Corruption in Peru. Operation Car Wash. A court of Lima orders 18 months of pre-trial imprisonment for former president Ollanta Humala and his wife Nadine Heredia for alleged money laundering. Both have turned themselves in. ](/news/2017/07/14/corruption-in-peru-operation-car-wash-a-court-of-lima-orders-18-months-of-pre-trial-imprisonment-for-former-president-ollanta-humala-and-h.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash_
9. [A Brazilian federal judge orders Petrobras to suspend the sale to Norway's Statoil of its stake in an offshore prospect, in response to the National Federation of Oil Workers petition there should have been an open bidding process for this transaction. ](/news/2017/04/17/a-brazilian-federal-judge-orders-petrobras-to-suspend-the-sale-to-norway-s-statoil-of-its-stake-in-an-offshore-prospect-in-response-to-the.md) _Context: Petrobras_
10. [Operation Car Wash. Brazilian police arrest EBX Group CEO Eike Batista for allegedly bribing officials in Rio de Janeiro, including former Governor of Rio de Janeiro Sergio Cabral Filho. ](/news/2017/01/30/operation-car-wash-brazilian-police-arrest-ebx-group-ceo-eike-batista-for-allegedly-bribing-officials-in-rio-de-janeiro-including-former-g.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash_
