### [2015-08-20](/news/2015/08/20/index.md)

# Spillover of the Syrian Civil War: Israel-Syria relations: The Israeli Army fires Spike missiles on Syrian Army positions in the Golan Heights' Quneitra area in response to several rockets fired from Syria which landed in villages in northern Israel, about 20 km from the border. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-34009296)

### Related:

1. [Spillover of the Syrian Civil War: An Israeli Army patrol kills four ISIL-affiliated militants after they open fire from positions in Syria near the Golan Heights. ](/news/2016/11/27/spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-an-israeli-army-patrol-kills-four-isil-affiliated-militants-after-they-open-fire-from-positions-in-syria.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israeli Army, Spillover of the Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian civil war: Israel-Syria relations: Syria reports its air defense shot down an Israeli warplane that attacked a Syrian army position in al-Quneitra, near the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights. The Israel Defense Forces say that missiles were fired at their aircraft but none hit. ](/news/2016/09/13/syrian-civil-war-israel-syria-relations-syria-reports-its-air-defense-shot-down-an-israeli-warplane-that-attacked-a-syrian-army-position.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel-Syria relations_
3. [Syrian Civil War: Israel-Syria relations: Israel's military attacks two Syrian Army targets in Syrian territory from the Golan Heights after a fire from the fighting damages a security fence on the border. ](/news/2016/07/4/syrian-civil-war-israel-syria-relations-israel-s-military-attacks-two-syrian-army-targets-in-syrian-territory-from-the-golan-heights-aft.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel-Syria relations_
4. [Israel-Syria relations: The Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu vows that the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights, recognized as part of Syria, will forever stay in the country's hands and called on the international community to recognize Israeli sovereignty over the area. ](/news/2016/04/17/israel-syria-relations-the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-vows-that-the-israeli-occupied-golan-heights-recognized-as-part-o.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel-Syria relations_
5. [Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War: Israel strikes two Syrian Army artillery positions and an ammunition truck in Quneitra Governorate, after stray shells from Syria land in the northern Golan Heights for a second day in a row. ](/news/2017/06/25/israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-israel-strikes-two-syrian-army-artillery-positions-and-an-ammunition.md) _Context: Golan Heights_
6. [Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War: Israel and Syria exchange weapons fire in the disputed Golan Heights, with Israel destroying several targets, including two Syrian tanks. Although there were deaths on the ground in Syria, the number of casualties among Syrian forces is unknown. No Israeli troops were injured. ](/news/2017/06/24/israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-israel-and-syria-exchange-weapons-fire-in-the-disputed-golan-heights.md) _Context: Golan Heights_
7. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a large explosion near Damascus International Airport followed by a fire. The Syrian government says Israel struck the military site with several missiles. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz states that the strike "corresponds completely with Israel's policy". ](/news/2017/04/27/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-large-explosion-near-damascus-international-airport-followed-by-a-fire.md) _Context: military_
8. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that militants attacked two Syrian Armed Forces bases in Homs, killing at least 42 people, including a senior intelligence officer. ](/news/2017/02/25/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-that-militants-attacked-two-syrian-armed-forces-bases-in-homs-killing-at.md) _Context: military_
9. [Syrian Civil War: Battle of al-Bab: Syrian rebels and Turkish troops enter al-Bab, with Syrian troops also approaching the town, prompting heavy clashes with ISIL militants. ](/news/2017/02/11/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-al-bab-syrian-rebels-and-turkish-troops-enter-al-bab-with-syrian-troops-also-approaching-the-town-prompting-h.md) _Context: military_
10. [Syrian Civil War: Aleppo offensive (November 2016): Syrian government forces and Kurdish People's Protection Units capture more than a third of rebel-controlled eastern Aleppo. ](/news/2016/11/28/syrian-civil-war-aleppo-offensive-november-2016-syrian-government-forces-and-kurdish-people-s-protection-units-capture-more-than-a-third.md) _Context: military_
