### [2015-08-20](/news/2015/08/20/index.md)

# The U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration reports that July was the hottest month globally since record keeping began in 1880. Global temperatures were 1.46degF (0.81degC) warmer than the 20th century average. NOAA scientists expect 2015 will go down as the warmest year on record. 




### Source:

1. [NOAA](http://www.ncdc.noaa.gov/sotc/summary-info/global/201507)
2. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/july-2015-was-hottest-month-on-record-globally/)

### Related:

1. [Global temperatures rose to the hottest level on record for 2016 for a third successive record according to NASA and the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. ](/news/2017/01/18/global-temperatures-rose-to-the-hottest-level-on-record-for-2016-for-a-third-successive-record-according-to-nasa-and-the-us-national-oceanic.md) _Context: National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration_
2. [NASA and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration announce that 2015 was the hottest year on record since the beginning of meteorological records in 1890. ](/news/2016/01/20/nasa-and-the-national-oceanic-and-atmospheric-administration-announce-that-2015-was-the-hottest-year-on-record-since-the-beginning-of-meteor.md) _Context: National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration_
3. [The freak weather system responsible for heavy rain and tornadoes in the U.S., and high winds and rainfall in the British Isles, also has impacted the Arctic where the average winter temperature is normally around {{convert|-20|F|C}}. Temperatures around the North Pole have surpassed the {{convert|32|F|C}} threshold for a brief moment, according to the  U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's Ocean Prediction Center, which is {{convert|50|F-change|1}} higher than usual for December. ](/news/2015/12/30/the-freak-weather-system-responsible-for-heavy-rain-and-tornadoes-in-the-u-s-and-high-winds-and-rainfall-in-the-british-isles-also-has-im.md) _Context: National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration_
4. [SpaceX launches a weather observation satellite, Deep Space Climate Observatory, at 6:03 p.m. EST from Cape Canaveral, Florida (for the US Air Force/NASA/NOAA), but postpones making of a second attempt to land a Falcon 9 v1.1 rocket on a floating platform called the autonomous spaceport drone ship, following the January 10 failure during the SpaceX CRS-5 mission. SpaceX instead, attempts a "mock" soft-landing into the Atlantic ocean ](/news/2015/02/11/spacex-launches-a-weather-observation-satellite-deep-space-climate-observatory-at-6-03-p-m-est-from-cape-canaveral-florida-for-the-us-a.md) _Context: National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration_
5. [NASA and National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration researchers state that 2014 is the hottest year since record keeping began in 1880. ](/news/2015/01/16/nasa-and-national-oceanic-and-atmospheric-administration-researchers-state-that-2014-is-the-hottest-year-since-record-keeping-began-in-1880.md) _Context: National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration_
6. [New data published independently by NASA and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration show that the global warming trend is continuing. ](/news/2014/01/22/new-data-published-independently-by-nasa-and-the-national-oceanic-and-atmospheric-administration-show-that-the-global-warming-trend-is-conti.md) _Context: National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration_
7. [The United States government run National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) claims 2010 could be the warmest year on record since 1880. ](/news/2010/07/17/the-united-states-government-run-national-oceanic-and-atmospheric-administration-noaa-claims-2010-could-be-the-warmest-year-on-record-sinc.md) _Context: National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration_
8. [ The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration declares that the beluga whale of Alaska's Cook Inlet is an endangered species. ](/news/2008/10/17/the-national-oceanic-and-atmospheric-administration-declares-that-the-beluga-whale-of-alaska-s-cook-inlet-is-an-endangered-species.md) _Context: National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration_
9. [ The U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration issues its forecast for an above-normal 2007 Atlantic hurricane season with 13 to 17 named storms, 7 to 10 hurricanes and 3 to 5 major hurricanes. ](/news/2007/05/22/the-u-s-national-oceanic-and-atmospheric-administration-issues-its-forecast-for-an-above-normal-2007-atlantic-hurricane-season-with-13-to.md) _Context: National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration_
10. [ U.S. climate scientists working for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration have recorded a significant rise in the concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere, pushing it to a new record level. ](/news/2006/03/13/u-s-climate-scientists-working-for-the-national-oceanic-and-atmospheric-administration-have-recorded-a-significant-rise-in-the-concentrati.md) _Context: National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration_
