### [2017-08-8](/news/2017/08/8/index.md)

# The Supreme Court of the Philippines has junked all petitions against the burial of former President of the Philippines Ferdinand Marcos at the Libingan ng mga Bayani, re-affirming its earlier ruling on 8 November 2016. 




### Source:

1. [CNN Philippines](https://cnnphilippines.com/news/2017/08/08/SC-affirms-ruling-marcos-burial.html)

### Related:

1. [The Philippines top historian resigns to protest President Rodrigo Duterte's decision to allow the burial of Ferdinand Marcos in the Heroes' Cemetery at Fort Bonifacio in Manila. ](/news/2016/11/29/the-philippines-top-historian-resigns-to-protest-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-decision-to-allow-the-burial-of-ferdinand-marcos-in-the-heroes.md) _Context: Burial of Ferdinand Marcos, Ferdinand Marcos, Libingan ng mga Bayani, President of the Philippines_
2. [The Philippine Supreme Court postpones the burial of former Philippines dictator Ferdinand Marcos until at least October 18. ](/news/2016/09/8/the-philippine-supreme-court-postpones-the-burial-of-former-philippines-dictator-ferdinand-marcos-until-at-least-october-18.md) _Context: Burial of Ferdinand Marcos, Ferdinand Marcos, Supreme Court of the Philippines_
3. [Female victims of the martial law dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos speak at the Philippine Supreme Court about how they endured torture during Marcos' regime. ](/news/2016/09/1/female-victims-of-the-martial-law-dictatorship-of-ferdinand-marcos-speak-at-the-philippine-supreme-court-about-how-they-endured-torture-duri.md) _Context: Burial of Ferdinand Marcos, Ferdinand Marcos, Supreme Court of the Philippines_
4. [The Philippine Defense ministry prepares for the burial of former President Ferdinand Marcos in the Heroes' Cemetery. ](/news/2016/08/8/the-philippine-defense-ministry-prepares-for-the-burial-of-former-president-ferdinand-marcos-in-the-heroes-cemetery.md) _Context: Ferdinand Marcos, Libingan ng mga Bayani, President of the Philippines_
5. [Rodrigo Duterte, the Philippines presumptive president-elect, says he will allow the immediate burial of former kleptocratic dictator Ferdinand Marcos at the Heroes' Cemetery in metropolitan Manila. ](/news/2016/05/23/rodrigo-duterte-the-philippines-presumptive-president-elect-says-he-will-allow-the-immediate-burial-of-former-kleptocratic-dictator-ferdin.md) _Context: Ferdinand Marcos, Libingan ng mga Bayani, President of the Philippines_
6. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-law-in-the-whole-philippines-two.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Supreme Court of the Philippines_
7. [In the Philippines, demonstrators call for President Rodrigo Duterte to address extrajudicial killings linked to the Philippine Drug War, ongoing military operations against communist rebels, and the controversial burial of Ferdinand Marcos in the Heroes' Cemetery. An effigy of Marcos was made as a centerpiece of the protest. ](/news/2016/12/10/in-the-philippines-demonstrators-call-for-president-rodrigo-duterte-to-address-extrajudicial-killings-linked-to-the-philippine-drug-war-on.md) _Context: Burial of Ferdinand Marcos, Libingan ng mga Bayani_
8. [The Duterte administration defends its decision to bury the former dictator Ferdinand Marcos in the Philippine heroes' cemetery. ](/news/2016/09/7/the-duterte-administration-defends-its-decision-to-bury-the-former-dictator-ferdinand-marcos-in-the-philippine-heroes-cemetery.md) _Context: Burial of Ferdinand Marcos, Ferdinand Marcos_
9. [Celebrations are held to commemorate the 30th anniversary of the People Power Revolution in the Philippines that led to the downfall of dictator Ferdinand Marcos' 21-year reign, and the rise of President Corazon Aquino. ](/news/2016/02/25/celebrations-are-held-to-commemorate-the-30th-anniversary-of-the-people-power-revolution-in-the-philippines-that-led-to-the-downfall-of-dict.md) _Context: Ferdinand Marcos, President of the Philippines_
10. [Philippines President Benigno Aquino III distances himself from a botched raid against a terrorist, Zulkifli Abdhir, that killed around 50 people, including police officers and Abdhir, while pledging support for a peace process with the Moro people. Supreme Court Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno urges the public to continue to support the peace treaty. ](/news/2015/01/29/philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii-distances-himself-from-a-botched-raid-against-a-terrorist-zulkifli-abdhir-that-killed-around-50-p.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Supreme Court of the Philippines_
