### [2014-09-26](/news/2014/09/26/index.md)

# Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: The Parliament of the United Kingdom is recalled to discuss British participation in 2014 military intervention against ISIS. 

David Cameron insists that there is no legal barrier to extending air-strikes in Syria and they could go ahead without a Commons vote


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-29385123)
2. [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2770534/Parliament-debates-British-military-action-Iraq.html)
3. [Telegraph.uk](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/syria/11123679/David-Cameron-says-there-is-strong-case-for-air-strikes-in-Syria.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: Military intervention against ISIL: U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron, despite deep uncertainty over how many Labour MPs will back him, is planning to stage a parliamentary vote on British military action against ISIL in Syria this week. ](/news/2015/11/28/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-despite-deep-uncertainty-over-how-many-labour-mps-w.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Parliament_
2. [2014 military intervention against ISIS: The al-Nusra Front threatens retaliation against nations participating in air strikes against Islamic State. ](/news/2014/09/28/2014-military-intervention-against-isis-the-al-nusra-front-threatens-retaliation-against-nations-participating-in-air-strikes-against-islam.md) _Context: 2014 military intervention against ISIS, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [Iraqi Civil War: Battle of Tal Afar (2017): Iraqi security forces, along with Shi'ite volunteers and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, launch a ground offensive to take the city of Tal Afar back from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. The city has been isolated from the rest of the ISIL-held territory since the recent Mosul liberation. ](/news/2017/08/20/iraqi-civil-war-battle-of-tal-afar-2017-iraqi-security-forces-along-with-shi-ite-volunteers-and-kurdish-peshmerga-fighters-launch-a-gr.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon: The Lebanese Armed Forces launches operation "Fajr al-Joroud", and on the first day recaptures 30 km of territory near the Lebanon-Syria border formerly occupied by ISIS militants. Twenty ISIS militants were killed and 10 Lebanese soldiers were wounded. ](/news/2017/08/19/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-the-lebanese-armed-forces-launches-operation-fajr-al-joroud-and-on-the-first-day-recaptures-30-km.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [2017 Barcelona attack: A van drives into crowds of people in La Rambla, Barcelona, in what Spanish police are calling a terrorist attack, killing at least 12 people. Two suspects are taken into custody, and ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/08/17/2017-barcelona-attack-a-van-drives-into-crowds-of-people-in-la-rambla-barcelona-in-what-spanish-police-are-calling-a-terrorist-attack-ki.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Syrian Civil War: ISIL forces raid an Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps base in vast desert spaces of eastern Homs Governorate, Syria, manned by between 12 to 18 fighters, all but one of which are killed. ](/news/2017/08/11/syrian-civil-war-isil-forces-raid-an-iranian-islamic-revolutionary-guard-corps-base-in-vast-desert-spaces-of-eastern-homs-governorate-syri.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Battle of Mosul: Three female ISIL suicide bombers kill 15 people and injure five in three separate incidents over the last two days as the fight for Mosul winds down. ](/news/2017/07/3/battle-of-mosul-three-female-isil-suicide-bombers-kill-15-people-and-injure-five-in-three-separate-incidents-over-the-last-two-days-as-the.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian army seizes oil wells in south-west Raqqa Governorate from ISIL. ](/news/2017/07/17/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-seizes-oil-wells-in-south-west-raqqa-governorate-from-isil.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [United Kingdom-United States relations: The Trump Administration announces this year's presidential state visit to the United Kingdom is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting. ](/news/2017/07/11/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-is-d.md) _Context: Parliament_
10. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
