### [2007-03-9](/news/2007/03/9/index.md)

#  The United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit strikes down the Firearms Control Regulations Act of 1975, a local law in the District of Columbia which banned residents from keeping handguns at home, on Second Amendment grounds. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601103&sid=azTOCL.ZiDGM&refer=us)

### Related:

1. [U.S. Appeals Court Judge Patricia Millett rejects the Federal Aviation Administration argument that seat size is unimportant when passengers exit a plane in an emergency, and orders the FAA to set minimum standards for the space airlines give passengers.  ](/news/2017/07/28/u-s-appeals-court-judge-patricia-millett-rejects-the-federal-aviation-administration-argument-that-seat-size-is-unimportant-when-passengers.md) _Context: U.S. Appeals Court Judge_
2. [Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution's emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-claiming-that-u-s-president-t.md) _Context: District of Columbia_
3. [The 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals rules there is no Second Amendment protection for concealed weapons, upholding a California law that does not consider "general self-defense" sufficient for a license. ](/news/2016/06/9/the-9th-u-s-circuit-court-of-appeals-rules-there-is-no-second-amendment-protection-for-concealed-weapons-upholding-a-california-law-that-d.md) _Context: Second Amendment_
4. [A U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit three-judge  panel upholds the Federal Communications Commission's net neutrality rules that prohibit broadband providers from giving or selling access to faster internet service to selected customers. ](/news/2016/06/14/a-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-district-of-columbia-circuit-three-judge-panel-upholds-the-federal-communications-commission-s-net-neutrali.md) _Context: U.S. Appeals Court Judge_
5. [The United States Supreme Court declines (''Friedman v. Highland Park'') to review the ability of cities and states to prohibit semiautomatic, high-capacity assault weapons that have been used in some of the nation's most deadly recent mass shootings. The nationwide assault weapons ban law expired in 2004. Since the ''District of Columbia v. Heller'' decision in 2008 found the Second Amendment provides the right for an individual to keep a weapon in the home, the court has avoided all cases that might clarify if that right is more expansive. ](/news/2015/12/7/the-united-states-supreme-court-declines-friedman-v-highland-park-to-review-the-ability-of-cities-and-states-to-prohibit-semiautomati.md) _Context: Second Amendment_
6. [A three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit hears arguments about whether the net neutrality rules of the Federal Communications Commission are within the FCC's statutory mandate. ](/news/2015/12/4/a-three-judge-panel-of-the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-d-c-circuit-hears-arguments-about-whether-the-net-neutrality-rules-of-the-federal.md) _Context: U.S. Appeals Court Judge_
7. [The United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia suspends district court judge Richard Leon's ruling yesterday that found the U.S. National Security Agency's phone data collection program is unconstitutional. Leon's decision barred the agency from further collection of data on the plaintiffs in the case -- California attorney J.J. Little and his law firm -- but did not have sufficient authority to outlaw the practice against all Americans. The government plea for the injunction said it will take "at least several weeks" for the NSA to implement a technical change that would prevent collection of Little's data and therefore the entire program would have to shut down early based on Leon's order. ](/news/2015/11/10/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-district-of-columbia-suspends-district-court-judge-richard-leon-s-ruling-yesterday-that-found-the.md) _Context: U.S. Appeals Court Judge_
8. [Panels of the United States Fourth and D.C. (''Halbig v. Burwell'') Circuit Courts make contradictory rulings as to whether people who enroll in federal exchanges under the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) can receive subsidies. ](/news/2014/07/22/panels-of-the-united-states-fourth-and-d-c-halbig-v-burwell-circuit-courts-make-contradictory-rulings-as-to-whether-people-who-enrol.md) _Context: U.S. Appeals Court Judge_
9. [The death toll from storms in the Mid-Atlantic states of the United States reaches 13, with millions out of power and states of emergencies declared in the states of Ohio, West Virginia, Virginia and Maryland as well as the District of Columbia. ](/news/2012/06/30/the-death-toll-from-storms-in-the-mid-atlantic-states-of-the-united-states-reaches-13-with-millions-out-of-power-and-states-of-emergencies.md) _Context: District of Columbia_
10. [The Texas Senate approves legislation containing an amendment allowing university students in the US state of Texas to carry handguns on campus. ](/news/2011/05/9/the-texas-senate-approves-legislation-containing-an-amendment-allowing-university-students-in-the-us-state-of-texas-to-carry-handguns-on-cam.md) _Context: handgun_
