### [2006-05-8](/news/2006/05/8/index.md)

#  Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad writes to United States President George W. Bush. This marks the first time in 27 years that an Iranian President has written to a U.S. President. 




### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/world/story/2006/05/08/iran-letter.html)

### Related:

1. [ President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and President of the United States George W. Bush both speak at the United Nations General Assembly. Ahmadinejad said that Bush's policies in the Middle East were "moving the world toward war." Bush said that "The greatest obstacle to this future is that your (Iranian) rulers have chosen to deny you (the Iranian people) liberty and to use your nation's resources to fund terrorism and fuel extremism and pursue nuclear weapons." ](/news/2006/09/19/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-and-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-both-speak-at-the-united-nations-general-assembly.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, United States President_
2. [ Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad challenges George W. Bush to a live television debate. U.S. government officials decline and criticize the suggestion.](/news/2006/08/29/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-challenges-george-w-bush-to-a-live-television-debate-u-s-government-officials-decline-and-criticiz.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iranian President, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
3. [The George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas, Texas, is dedicated in the presence of President of the United States Barack Obama, former president George W. Bush and all living former presidents. The complex will be opened to the public on May 1. ](/news/2013/04/25/the-george-w-bush-presidential-center-in-dallas-texas-is-dedicated-in-the-presence-of-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-former.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States President_
4. [U.S. news magazine ''Time'' selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States President_
5. [Former President of the United States George W. Bush cancels a planned appearance in Switzerland; Human Rights Watch link the cancellation to growing pressure for Bush to be arrested over his approval of waterboarding torture, saying Bush is "avoiding handcuffs". ](/news/2011/02/5/former-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-cancels-a-planned-appearance-in-switzerland-human-rights-watch-link-the-cancellation-t.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States President_
6. [A Saudi Arabian student is arrested in Texas for allegedly planning a terrorist attack against the Dallas home of former President of the United States George W. Bush as a target as well as New York City and dams in California and Colorado. ](/news/2011/02/24/a-saudi-arabian-student-is-arrested-in-texas-for-allegedly-planning-a-terrorist-attack-against-the-dallas-home-of-former-president-of-the-un.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States President_
7. [The President of the United States Barack Obama says that a deal has been reached with the Republican Party to extend the Bush era tax cuts. ](/news/2010/12/6/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-says-that-a-deal-has-been-reached-with-the-republican-party-to-extend-the-bush-era-tax-cuts.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States President_
8. [Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad rejects the country's once effective family planning program as an "ungodly Western import" and urges girls to marry at age of 16. ](/news/2010/11/21/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-rejects-the-country-s-once-effective-family-planning-program-as-an-ungodly-western-import-and-urges.md) _Context: Iranian President, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
9. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says  that Lebanon is becoming a "satellite" of Iran after it hosts a controversial visit by Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, who again "predicts" Israel's destruction at a Hezbollah rally in southern Lebanon. ](/news/2010/10/14/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-says-that-lebanon-is-becoming-a-satellite-of-iran-after-it-hosts-a-controversial-visit-by-irani.md) _Context: Iranian President, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
10. [President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad writes a letter to President of the United States Barack Obama urging cooperation between the two countries. ](/news/2010/04/16/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-writes-a-letter-to-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-urging-cooperation-between-the-two-coun.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, United States President_
