### [2011-02-2](/news/2011/02/2/index.md)

# BBC executive Craig Oliver is chosen to replace Andy Coulson as British Prime Minister David Cameron's Director of Communications. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-12348159)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2011/feb/02/craig-oliver-andy-coulson-no-10-communications-chief)

### Related:

1. [Speaking on the BBC's ''The Andrew Marr Show'', British Prime Minister David Cameron says that Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt "acted wisely" in his handling of the BSkyB takeover bid. ](/news/2012/06/3/speaking-on-the-bbc-s-the-andrew-marr-show-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-says-that-culture-secretary-jeremy-hunt-acted-wisely.md) _Context: BBC, David Cameron_
2. [British Prime Minister David Cameron appears before the Leveson Inquiry. The hearing is told of his relationship with former News International Chief Executive Rebekah Brooks, while he says his decision to appoint Andy Coulson as his Director of Communications will haunt him. ](/news/2012/06/14/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-appears-before-the-leveson-inquiry-the-hearing-is-told-of-his-relationship-with-former-news-internatio.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, David Cameron_
3. [Andy Coulson, former director of communications for British Prime Minister David Cameron, is detained for questioning by police investigating claims of perjury. ](/news/2012/05/30/andy-coulson-former-director-of-communications-for-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-is-detained-for-questioning-by-police-investigatin.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, David Cameron_
4. [British prime minister David Cameron allowed his former spokesman Andy Coulson, the ex-editor of the now-defunct ''News of the World'' tabloid, access to some of the British government's most sensitive secrets without full security clearance, the Leveson Inquiry is told. ](/news/2012/05/10/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-allowed-his-former-spokesman-andy-coulson-the-ex-editor-of-the-now-defunct-news-of-the-world-tablo.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, David Cameron_
5. [The BBC reports that former ''News of the World'' editor Andy Coulson continued to receive a severance pay package from News International while working as Director of Communications for the Conservative Party. ](/news/2011/08/23/the-bbc-reports-that-former-news-of-the-world-editor-andy-coulson-continued-to-receive-a-severance-pay-package-from-news-international-w.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, BBC_
6. [News International phone hacking scandal:The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron faces questions in parliament over his decision to hire Andy Coulson, a former editor of the ''News of the World'' at the time of the phone hacking affair. ](/news/2011/07/20/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-pthe-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-faces-questions-in-parliament-over-his-deci.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, David Cameron_
7. [News International phone hacking scandal:British Foreign Secretary William Hague defends Prime Minister David Cameron following revelations he has met senior News International executives on 26 occasions since becoming Prime Minister, and entertained Andy Coulson at Chequers following his resignation as Director of Communications. Hague says he is "not embarrassed" by the extent of Cameron's dealings with News International. ](/news/2011/07/16/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-pbritish-foreign-secretary-william-hague-defends-prime-minister-david-cameron-following-revelations.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, David Cameron_
8. [British prime minister David Cameron's communications chief Andy Coulson resigns after feeling pressure over coverage of the ''News of the World'' phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2011/01/21/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-s-communications-chief-andy-coulson-resigns-after-feeling-pressure-over-coverage-of-the-news-of-the-w.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, David Cameron_
9. [The Trump White House bars ''The New York Times'', CNN, the ''Los Angeles Times'', the ''New York Daily News'', ''The Hill'',  the ''Daily Mail'',  BBC,  Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as  Breitbart News, One America News Network, and ''The Washington Times''. Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News,  ''The Wall Street Journal'', Bloomberg News, and Fox News. ''Time'' magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to  in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-m.md) _Context: BBC_
10. [The BBC reports that leaked audio recordings of air traffic tower tapes indicate that the LaMia Airlines flight was running out of fuel near the Colombian city of Medellin. ](/news/2016/11/30/the-bbc-reports-that-leaked-audio-recordings-of-air-traffic-tower-tapes-indicate-that-the-lamia-airlines-flight-was-running-out-of-fuel-near.md) _Context: BBC_
