### [2011-02-2](/news/2011/02/2/index.md)

# WikiLeaks reveals that the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation had launched an investigation of a previously unknown group of men believed to be involved in the September 11 attacks. 

The FBI has launched a manhunt for a previously unknown team of men suspected to be part of the 9/11 attacks, the Daily Telegraph can disclose.


### Source:

1. [Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/wikileaks/8296860/WikiLeaks-FBI-hunts-the-911-gang-that-got-away.html)

### Related:

1. [WikiLeaks releases thousands of documents that it claims provides details of surveillance software used by the United States Central Intelligence Agency. ](/news/2017/03/7/wikileaks-releases-thousands-of-documents-that-it-claims-provides-details-of-surveillance-software-used-by-the-united-states-central-intelli.md) _Context: United States, WikiLeaks_
2. [In what is the deadliest mass shooting and the worst terror attack since 9/11 to occur in the United States, a mass shooting at a gay nightclub in the U.S. city of Orlando, Florida, kills at least 50 people, including the shooter, and injures 53. ](/news/2016/06/12/in-what-is-the-deadliest-mass-shooting-and-the-worst-terror-attack-since-9-11-to-occur-in-the-united-states-a-mass-shooting-at-a-gay-nightc.md) _Context: September 11 attacks, United States_
3. [United States Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson says the Obama administration will announce a new terror alert system "in the coming days," that will better inform the public about threats to the United States. This will be the third terror alert system put in place since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. ](/news/2015/12/7/united-states-homeland-security-secretary-jeh-johnson-says-the-obama-administration-will-announce-a-new-terror-alert-system-in-the-coming-d.md) _Context: September 11 attacks, United States_
4. [In the United States, Suffolk County police ask the FBI for more help in their investigation of a possible serial killer who preyed on prostitutes and left their bodies strewn along a Long Island beach in New York. Ten bodies were found along an isolated stretch of the South Shore's Gilgo Beach between December 2010 and April 2011. ](/news/2015/12/10/in-the-united-states-suffolk-county-police-ask-the-fbi-for-more-help-in-their-investigation-of-a-possible-serial-killer-who-preyed-on-prost.md) _Context: FBI, United States_
5. [The United States FBI foils an alleged plot by  white supremacists in Virginia who were  planning  a reign of terror -- shooting or bombing religious institutions, robbing jewelers and armored cars, purchasing land, stockpiling weapons, and training for the "coming race war." ](/news/2015/11/10/the-united-states-fbi-foils-an-alleged-plot-by-white-supremacists-in-virginia-who-were-planning-a-reign-of-terror-a-shooting-or-bombing.md) _Context: FBI, United States_
6. [Wikileaks releases U.S. Central Intelligence Agency director John O. Brennan's personal information after the top spy's personal email account was allegedly hacked by a 13-year-old and information sent to Wikileaks. All of the documents predate Brennan's time in the Obama administration and reveal no classified data. Among the information released are Social Security numbers,  an incomplete questionnaire for security clearance, and addresses of his family and associates. ](/news/2015/10/21/wikileaks-releases-u-s-central-intelligence-agency-director-john-o-brennan-s-personal-information-after-the-top-spy-s-personal-email-accou.md) _Context: United States, WikiLeaks_
7. [A cache of classified intelligence documents published from The Intercept, released by an anonymous whistleblower, highlight details surrounding post-September 11 attacks United States drone strikes in Afghanistan, Somalia, and Yemen, alleging that the United States conducts these strikes under extremely unreliable information and faulty pretenses. ](/news/2015/10/15/a-cache-of-classified-intelligence-documents-published-from-the-intercept-released-by-an-anonymous-whistleblower-highlight-details-surroun.md) _Context: September 11 attacks, United States_
8. [London police end their three-year long, round-the-clock guard outside the Ecuadorian Embassy   waiting to arrest WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. Officers have been stationed at this embassy since June 2012.  Police said the operation cost 11.1 million pounds (17.6 million dollars) through April 2015. Assange is wanted for jumping bail in England and sexual assault allegations in Sweden. Assange denies the Swedish charges and suspects the real reason is to bring him to the U.S. ](/news/2015/10/12/london-police-end-their-three-year-long-round-the-clock-guard-outside-the-ecuadorian-embassy-waiting-to-arrest-wikileaks-founder-julian-a.md) _Context: United States, WikiLeaks_
9. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: United States, WikiLeaks_
10. [Wikileaks announces the release of 1.7 million United States diplomatic and intelligence documents from 1973-1976 when Henry Kissinger was United States Secretary of State. ](/news/2013/04/8/wikileaks-announces-the-release-of-1-7-million-united-states-diplomatic-and-intelligence-documents-from-1973a1976-when-henry-kissinger-was.md) _Context: United States, WikiLeaks_
