### [2016-05-7](/news/2016/05/7/index.md)

# Filipina convict Mary Jane Veloso gets a reprieve from Indonesian executions. 




### Source:

1. [Philippine Daily Inquirer](http://globalnation.inquirer.net/139308/mary-jane-veloso-gets-new-lease-lawyer-relieved)

### Related:

1. [In last week's meeting between Indonesian president Joko Widodo and Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte, Widodo today says that Duterte allegedly said that he '(would) not interfere' in the execution of accused drug smuggler and Philippine national Mary Jane Veloso. However, today a ''Manila Bulletin'' article says that Manny Pinol, the Philippines Agriculture Secretary, states that Duterte actually asked for clemency for Veloso. ](/news/2016/09/12/in-last-week-s-meeting-between-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-and-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-widodo-today-says-that-duterte-all.md) _Context: Indonesia, Mary Jane Veloso_
2. [Filipino domestic helper Mary Jane Veloso commemorates the first anniversary of her being spared from the death penalty in Indonesia for allegedly smuggling controlled substances. A trial to determine her innocence is ongoing. ](/news/2016/04/28/filipino-domestic-helper-mary-jane-veloso-commemorates-the-first-anniversary-of-her-being-spared-from-the-death-penalty-in-indonesia-for-all.md) _Context: Indonesia, Mary Jane Veloso_
3. [Indonesia and the Philippines discuss their borders after the Indonesian Navy sinks four Filipino fishing vessels off the coast of the Philippines triggering a diplomatic dispute. ](/news/2015/11/6/indonesia-and-the-philippines-discuss-their-borders-after-the-indonesian-navy-sinks-four-filipino-fishing-vessels-off-the-coast-of-the-phili.md) _Context: Indonesia, Indonesia-Philippines relations_
4. [Philippines President Benigno Aquino III asks Indonesian President Joko Widodo to spare the life of Mary Jane Veloso, a migrant domestic worker sentenced to death for drug trafficking.  ](/news/2015/04/27/philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii-asks-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-to-spare-the-life-of-mary-jane-veloso-a-migrant-domestic-wor.md) _Context: Indonesia, Mary Jane Veloso_
5. [A magnitude 6.4 earthquake occurs off the Indonesian island of Sumatra. There are no reports of  casualties or structural damage to buildings. ](/news/2017/08/13/a-magnitude-6-4-earthquake-occurs-off-the-indonesian-island-of-sumatra-there-are-no-reports-of-casualties-or-structural-damage-to-building.md) _Context: Indonesia_
6. [A rescue helicopter crashes while attempting to evacuate residents near the Dieng Volcanic Complex in Central Java, Indonesia, killing all eight people on board. ](/news/2017/07/3/a-rescue-helicopter-crashes-while-attempting-to-evacuate-residents-near-the-dieng-volcanic-complex-in-central-java-indonesia-killing-all-e.md) _Context: Indonesia_
7. [In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces-orders-for-police-to.md) _Context: Indonesia_
8. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Indonesia_
9. [Indonesia renames part of the South China Sea as "North Natuna Sea," angering China. ](/news/2017/07/15/indonesia-renames-part-of-the-south-china-sea-as-north-natuna-sea-angering-china.md) _Context: Indonesia_
10. [At a United Nations-Oceans summit, delegates from China, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand, four of the top polluters of plastic into the oceans, pledge to reduce their levels of oceanic plastic pollution. ](/news/2017/06/8/at-a-united-nations-oceans-summit-delegates-from-china-indonesia-the-philippines-and-thailand-four-of-the-top-polluters-of-plastic-into.md) _Context: Indonesia_
