### [2016-05-7](/news/2016/05/7/index.md)

#  Syrian Civil War. Aleppo offensive (May 2016). At least 13 Iranian soldiers are killed in a battle with Islamist militants in a village near Aleppo, Syria. This is the largest single day loss for the Iranians since the start of the conflict. 

By Bozorgmehr SharafedinDUBAI (Reuters) -...


### Source:

1. [Business Insider](http://www.businessinsider.com/r-iran-says-several-of-its-soldiers-killed-near-aleppo-2016-5)
2. [NDTV](http://www.ndtv.com/world-news/13-iranian-revolutionary-guards-killed-in-syria-report-1403967)
3. [Retuers](http://in.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-idINKCN0XY0JV)

### Related:

1. [ Syrian Civil War. Aleppo offensive (May 2016). More than 72 are killed in clashes between Al-Nusra Front and Syrian government forces in Khan Tuman south of Aleppo, Syria. ](/news/2016/05/6/syrian-civil-war-aleppo-offensive-may-2016-more-than-72-are-killed-in-clashes-between-al-nusra-front-and-syrian-government-forces-in-kh.md) _Context: Aleppo, Aleppo offensive (May 2016), Syria, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian Civil War. Battle of Aleppo (2012-present). Iranian state television says Revolutionary Guard brigadier general, Hossein Hamadani, has been killed on the outskirts of Syria's Aleppo by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. This is the latest in a string of high-ranking Iranian commanders killed in Iraq and Syria in the last six months. ](/news/2015/10/9/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-aleppo-2012-present-iranian-state-television-says-revolutionary-guard-brigadier-general-hossein-hamadani.md) _Context: Aleppo, Iran, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War. 2017 Deir ez-Zor missile strike. Iran fires medium range ballistic missiles from western Iran to ISIL targets in Deir ez-Zor Governorate, eastern Syria, in retaliation for the June 7 Tehran attacks. ](/news/2017/06/18/syrian-civil-war-2017-deir-ez-zor-missile-strike-iran-fires-medium-range-ballistic-missiles-from-western-iran-to-isil-targets-in-deir-ez-z.md) _Context: Iran, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Iran, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War. Six people are killed in a suspected chlorine gas attack in Aleppo, Syria. ](/news/2016/11/20/syrian-civil-war-six-people-are-killed-in-a-suspected-chlorine-gas-attack-in-aleppo-syria.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War. Between four and 20 people are reported killed by government and Russian airstrikes that hit rebel held areas, five hospitals, and a mobile clinic in Aleppo, says U.S. State Department spokeswoman Elizabeth Trudeau. Syria and Russia deny targeting Aleppo. ](/news/2016/11/15/syrian-civil-war-between-four-and-20-people-are-reported-killed-by-government-and-russian-airstrikes-that-hit-rebel-held-areas-five-hospit.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian civil war. Russian and Syrian government attacks on rebel-held east Aleppo kill two people and injure 13 others. The Syrian American Medical Society reports the city's main trauma hospital closes. ](/news/2016/10/1/syrian-civil-war-russian-and-syrian-government-attacks-on-rebel-held-east-aleppo-kill-two-people-and-injure-13-others-the-syrian-american.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian civil war. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says that at least 51 people have been killed in the Syrian city of Aleppo. ](/news/2016/08/13/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-that-at-least-51-people-have-been-killed-in-the-syrian-city-of-aleppo.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [ Syrian Civil War. Spillover of the Syrian Civil War. Turkey-ISIL conflict. Turkish shelling kills 55 Islamic State of Iraq and Syria insurgents in northern Syria in retaliation for rocket attacks on Kilis, a Turkish border town. [http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-turkey-idUSKCN0XZ05R (Reuters)] [http://www.dailyprogress.com/news/world/wire/report-turkey-attacks-is-in-syria-militants-killed/article_4b13cd44-6a6b-5be8-91ba-5d4b5cf3af2b.html (Daily Progress)]. Three Spanish journalists were released after being abducted around Aleppo, Syria, and held hostage by the Al-Nusra Front since 13 July 2015. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/07/three-spanish-journalists-released-in-syria-by-al-qaeda-group-af/ (The Telegraph (UK))]](/news/2016/05/8/syrian-civil-war-spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-turkey-isil-conflict-turkish-shelling-kills-55-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-insu.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War. A rocket attack hits a hospital in the Syrian city of Aleppo, killing three civilians. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the attack was part of a bigger shelling that killed 19 more people. ](/news/2016/05/3/syrian-civil-war-a-rocket-attack-hits-a-hospital-in-the-syrian-city-of-aleppo-killing-three-civilians-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-ri.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
