### [2016-05-7](/news/2016/05/7/index.md)

# Voters in Guam head to the polls to vote in the Democratic presidential caucus. 




### Source:

1. [Guam Daily Post](http://www.postguam.com/news/democratic-caucus-to-be-held-at-agana-shopping-center/article_4872fffc-10fa-11e6-9af4-83fe91579d30.html)

### Related:

1. [Voters in the U.S. state of Indiana head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/05/3/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-indiana-head-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-democratic-and-republican-presidential-primaries.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016_
2. [United States presidential election, 2016, Voters in the state of West Virginia head to the polls to vote in the Democratic  and Republican presidential primaries. Voters in the state of Nebraska vote in the Republican presidential primary with Donald Trump just 169 delegates short of securing the nomination. ](/news/2016/05/10/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-state-of-west-virginia-head-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-the-democratic-and-republican.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016_
3. [Voters in the U.S. states of Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/04/26/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-connecticut-delaware-maryland-pennsylvania-and-rhode-island-head-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-democratic-and-repu.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016_
4. [Voters in the U.S. state of New York go to the polls for a primary election with Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump expected to win the respective contests for their parties in that state. ](/news/2016/04/19/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-new-york-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-hillary-clinton-and-donald-trump-expected-to-win-the-respec.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016_
5. [Voters in the U.S. states of Alaska, Hawaii, and Washington gather for Democratic Party  caucuses. ](/news/2016/03/26/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-alaska-hawaii-and-washington-gather-for-democratic-party-caucuses.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016_
6. [Voters in the U.S. states of Arizona, Idaho, Utah and the overseas territory of American Samoa head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries and caucuses. ](/news/2016/03/22/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-arizona-idaho-utah-and-the-overseas-territory-of-american-samoa-head-to-the-polls-for-republican-and-democrat.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016_
7. [Bernie Sanders concedes the Missouri primary to Hillary Clinton, who led by 1,531 votes, 0.2 percent of those counted. Sanders says he will not ask for a recount, an option he had because the result is under the state's  requirement, 0.5 percent -- one-half of one percent. The Republican contest is too close to call as Donald Trump leads Ted Cruz by a similar 0.2 percent. ](/news/2016/03/17/bernie-sanders-concedes-the-missouri-primary-to-hillary-clinton-who-led-by-1-531-votes-0-2-percent-of-those-counted-sanders-says-he-will.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016_
8. [Voters in the U.S. states of Florida, Illinois, Ohio, Missouri, North Carolina and the commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries that the media has dubbed "Super Tuesday 2". ](/news/2016/03/15/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-florida-illinois-ohio-missouri-north-carolina-and-the-commonwealth-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-head-to.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016_
9. [Voters in Guam, Washington, D.C. and Wyoming head to the polls to vote in Republican Party caucuses, while Democratic Party members vote in the Northern Mariana Islands caucus. ](/news/2016/03/12/voters-in-guam-washington-d-c-and-wyoming-head-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-republican-party-caucuses-while-democratic-party-members-vote-in.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, Guam_
10. [Sally Yates testifies before the United States Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism concerning investigations into Russia's role in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and in the Trump administration. ](/news/2017/05/8/sally-yates-testifies-before-the-united-states-senate-judiciary-subcommittee-on-crime-and-terrorism-concerning-investigations-into-russia-s.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election_
