### [2017-04-10](/news/2017/04/10/index.md)

# A federal district court for southern Texas rules that the state's voter ID law was passed in 2011 with the intent to discriminate against minority voters. The 5th Circuit Court of Appeals previously found that the law  had the effect of discriminating against minority voters, and remanded the case to the district court for further action. 

A Texas law that requires voters to show identification before casting ballots was enacted with the intent to discriminate against black and Hispanic voters, a U.S. federal judge ruled on Monday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-election-texas-idUSKBN17D059?il=0)
2. [Talking Points Memo](http://talkingpointsmemo.com/muckraker/texas-voter-id-intent-discriminatory)

### Related:

1. [The United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit affirms previous rulings that Texas' 2011 voter ID law  is discriminatory and does not comply with the Voting Rights Act, and orders a lower court to resolve the problem in time for the November elections. ](/news/2016/07/20/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-fifth-circuit-affirms-previous-rulings-that-texas-2011-voter-id-law-is-discriminatory-and-does.md) _Context: 5th Circuit Court of Appeals, Voter ID laws in the United States_
2. [The U.S. Supreme Court rules that the North Carolina state legislative members do not have standing to request an appeal of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ruling against a law which barred unidentified voters from the ballot. The Supreme Court's decision makes no explicit judgements on the previous law, but the decision's outcome nevertheless prohibits the voter identification requirement. In his statement, Chief Justice John Roberts wrote (''North Carolina v. North Carolina State Conference of the NAACP'') that the high court's denied ''certiorari'' in hearing the case should not be interpreted as commenting on the law's merit, noting that one reason for not hearing it was a dispute over who represented the state - referencing a "blizzard of filings over who is and who is not authorized to seek review in this court under North Carolina law." ](/news/2017/05/15/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-the-north-carolina-state-legislative-members-do-not-have-standing-to-request-an-appeal-of-the-u-s-court-o.md) _Context: Voter ID laws in the United States_
3. [David Hittner, U.S. District Court Judge for the Southern District of Texas, rules ExxonMobil Corporation should pay a $19.95 million penalty for pollution from its Baytown, Texas, refining and chemical plant complex for 16,386 days of violations and 10 million pounds (4.5 Gg) of pollutants that were released in violation of operating permits between 2005 and 2013. ](/news/2017/04/26/david-hittner-u-s-district-court-judge-for-the-southern-district-of-texas-rules-exxonmobil-corporation-should-pay-a-19-95-million-penalt.md) _Context: U.S. District Court Judge_
4. [The Obama administration will ask the Supreme Court to overturn yesterday's ruling by the New Orleans, Louisiana, federal Court of Appeals that blocks the deferred deportation of  millions of undocumented immigrants  who entered the United States as children. ](/news/2015/11/10/the-obama-administration-will-ask-the-supreme-court-to-overturn-yesterday-s-ruling-by-the-new-orleans-louisiana-federal-court-of-appeals-t.md) _Context: 5th Circuit Court of Appeals_
5. [The U.S. Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals strikes down a state law in Texas that had required that voters show identification before casting ballots. ](/news/2015/08/5/the-u-s-fifth-circuit-court-of-appeals-strikes-down-a-state-law-in-texas-that-had-required-that-voters-show-identification-before-casting-b.md) _Context: 5th Circuit Court of Appeals_
6. [The United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit upholds a Texan law providing that abortion clinics meet the same standards as hospital style surgical clinics meaning that many abortion clinics must upgrade or close. ](/news/2015/06/9/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-fifth-circuit-upholds-a-texan-law-providing-that-abortion-clinics-meet-the-same-standards-as-hosp.md) _Context: 5th Circuit Court of Appeals_
7. [A Federal District Court judge in Brownsville, Texas, temporarily halts President Barack Obama's November 2014 executive orders on immigration, allowing Texas and 25 other states to file a lawsuit opposing the orders. The Department of Justice indicated it will appeal. ](/news/2015/02/16/a-federal-district-court-judge-in-brownsville-texas-temporarily-halts-president-barack-obama-s-november-2014-executive-orders-on-immigrati.md) _Context: U.S. District Court Judge_
8. [Jeff Skilling, former CEO of Enron, loses his appeal against his conviction for fraud in the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. ](/news/2011/04/6/jeff-skilling-former-ceo-of-enron-loses-his-appeal-against-his-conviction-for-fraud-in-the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-fifth-ci.md) _Context: 5th Circuit Court of Appeals_
9. [ The United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit rules that three insurers are not responsible for flood damage in New Orleans resulting from Hurricane Katrina. ](/news/2007/08/2/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-fifth-circuit-rules-that-three-insurers-are-not-responsible-for-flood-damage-in-new-orleans-resu.md) _Context: 5th Circuit Court of Appeals_
