### [2017-04-10](/news/2017/04/10/index.md)

# President Donald Trump's pick for the U.S. Supreme Court, Neil Gorsuch, is sworn in at the White House. 

Donald Trump reveled in the biggest political victory of his presidency at a White House ceremony on Monday in which his Supreme Court pick Neil Gorsuch was sworn in, poised to make an instant impact on a court once again dominated by conservatives.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-court-gorsuch-idUSKBN17C10J?il=0)

### Related:

1. [President Donald Trump has nominated Judge Neil Gorsuch to fill the vacant seat on the Supreme Court of the United States. Neil Gorsuch is the youngest nominee to the court in 25 years. ](/news/2017/01/31/president-donald-trump-has-nominated-judge-neil-gorsuch-to-fill-the-vacant-seat-on-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-neil-gorsuch-is-t.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Neil Gorsuch_
2. [President-elect Donald Trump appoints businessman and son-in-law Jared Kushner as his senior advisor in the White House. ](/news/2017/01/10/president-elect-donald-trump-appoints-businessman-and-son-in-law-jared-kushner-as-his-senior-advisor-in-the-white-house.md) _Context: Donald Trump, White House_
3. [President-elect of the United States Donald Trump meets with President Barack Obama for the first time at the White House. ](/news/2016/11/10/president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-meets-with-president-barack-obama-for-the-first-time-at-the-white-house.md) _Context: Donald Trump, White House_
4. [The U.S. Department of Homeland Security withdraws its order that Twitter  unmask a user whose tweets are critical of President Donald Trump following the company's court filing to block the order on constitutional grounds. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-u-s-department-of-homeland-security-withdraws-its-order-that-twitter-unmask-a-user-whose-tweets-are-critical-of-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
5. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: Neil Gorsuch_
6. [Local Republican candidate Karen Handel says she wants Donald Trump to campaign for her in the district. ](/news/2017/04/19/local-republican-candidate-karen-handel-says-she-wants-donald-trump-to-campaign-for-her-in-the-district.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
7. [As expected, during a visit to Kenosha, Wisconsin, President Donald Trump signed an executive order requiring U.S. federal agencies to take measures aimed at protecting U.S. workers, boost protections for some U.S. products, and examine the H-1B visa program which affords foreign workers opportunities for employment in U.S. specialty fields. ](/news/2017/04/18/as-expected-during-a-visit-to-kenosha-wisconsin-president-donald-trump-signed-an-executive-order-requiring-u-s-federal-agencies-to-take.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
8. [U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyers tell a federal court, in a case alleging negligence and incitement to riot during a 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, that he is "immune from suit because he is President of the United States." A lawyer for the plaintiffs responds that, in ''Clinton v. Jones'', the Supreme Court found the president could be sued for events that occurred before he took office. ](/news/2017/04/15/u-s-president-donald-trump-s-lawyers-tell-a-federal-court-in-a-case-alleging-negligence-and-incitement-to-riot-during-a-2016-campaign-rall.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
9. [Tens of thousands of people march in dozens of U.S. cities and at President Donald Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach, Florida, to demand that Trump release his tax returns and to show the public cares about the issue. There were clashes between Trump supporters and protesters at some locations, with 11 people injured and 21 arrested at a riot in Berkeley, California. ](/news/2017/04/15/tens-of-thousands-of-people-march-in-dozens-of-u-s-cities-and-at-president-donald-trump-s-mar-a-lago-resort-in-palm-beach-florida-to-dema.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
10. [In an interview, U.S. President Donald Trump says the U.S. dollar is "getting too strong" and wants to keep interest rates low, causing the U.S. Dollar Index to fall. ](/news/2017/04/12/in-an-interview-u-s-president-donald-trump-says-the-u-s-dollar-is-getting-too-strong-and-wants-to-keep-interest-rates-low-causing-the.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
