### [2017-04-10](/news/2017/04/10/index.md)

# The "New York Daily News" and ProPublica win the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service for reporting on nuisance abatement by police targeting minorities. 

The acclaimed slavery novel has been rewarded alongside Lynn Nottage’s factory drama Sweat and Matthew Desmond’s nonfiction work Evicted


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/books/2017/apr/10/colson-whitehead-underground-railroad-pulitzer-prize-2017)
2. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/04/10/business/media/pulitzer-prizes-2017.html?_r=0)
2. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/563ecde66c1a20b6655fa48424ef9f92e05f08c1/210_585_1599_959/master/1599.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=358bb9c6093ba69b656384b4e44a4a12)

### Related:

1. [Tronc Inc., the "Los Angeles Times" and the "Chicago Tribune" publisher, buys the "New York Daily News". ](/news/2017/09/4/tronc-inc-the-los-angeles-times-and-the-chicago-tribune-publisher-buys-the-new-york-daily-news.md) _Context: New York Daily News_
2. [The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-mail-bbc.md) _Context: New York Daily News_
3. [The Associated Press wins the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service for documenting the use of slave labor in Southeast Asia to supply seafood to American tables. ](/news/2016/04/18/the-associated-press-wins-the-pulitzer-prize-for-public-service-for-documenting-the-use-of-slave-labor-in-southeast-asia-to-supply-seafood-t.md) _Context: Pulitzer Prize for Public Service_
4. [The "Washington Post" and "The Guardian" newspapers win the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service for their stories on the National Security Agency based on leaks from Edward Snowden. ](/news/2014/04/14/the-washington-post-and-the-guardian-newspapers-win-the-pulitzer-prize-for-public-service-for-their-stories-on-the-national-security-age.md) _Context: Pulitzer Prize for Public Service_
5. [The United Nations votes in favour of restoring a reference to sexual orientation in a resolution banning the unjustified killing of minority groups. ](/news/2010/12/22/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-restoring-a-reference-to-sexual-orientation-in-a-resolution-banning-the-unjustified-killing-of-minorit.md) _Context: minorities_
6. [ Sri Lankan Army troopers opened fire on a group of minority Sri Lankan Tamil and Muslim students at an Agricultural College at Thandikulam close to Vavuniya in Sri Lanka. Five students were killed along with 10 injured. ](/news/2006/11/19/sri-lankan-army-troopers-opened-fire-on-a-group-of-minority-sri-lankan-tamil-and-muslim-students-at-an-agricultural-college-at-thandikulam.md) _Context: minorities_
7. [ The Canadian "National Post" reports that certain "Iranian expatriates living in Canada" are claiming that the Iranian parliament has passed a law that would require the country's non-Muslim religious minorities to wear distinctive markings: yellow ribbons for Jews, red for Christians and blue for Zoroastrians. After great controversy, the "National Post" retracts its original report. ](/news/2006/05/19/the-canadian-national-post-reports-that-certain-iranian-expatriates-living-in-canada-are-claiming-that-the-iranian-parliament-has-passe.md) _Context: minorities_
8. [ Former Canadian cabinet minister Alfonso Gagliano vehemently denies he has any links with New York's Bonanno crime family, as was reported on November 17 in the "New York Daily News". The issue is raised by Opposition Leader Stephen Harper in the House of Commons, where Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin also denies knowing of any links between the Sicilian-born Gagliano and organized crime. ](/news/2004/11/18/former-canadian-cabinet-minister-alfonso-gagliano-vehemently-denies-he-has-any-links-with-new-york-s-bonanno-crime-family-as-was-reported.md) _Context: New York Daily News_
