### [2014-05-25](/news/2014/05/25/index.md)

# Pope Francis invites the President of Israel Shimon Peres and the President of the State of Palestine Mahmoud Abbas to pray with him at the Vatican for peace and the invitations are accepted. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/national/pope-lands-in-bethlehem-nod-to-palestinian-state/2014/05/25/f622f9f6-e3d2-11e3-9442-54189bf1a809_story.html?wpisrc=al_national)

### Related:

1. [Pope Francis urges President Shimon Peres of Israel and President Mahmoud Abbas of Palestine to work for peace at an historic joint prayer meeting at the Vatican. ](/news/2014/06/8/pope-francis-urges-president-shimon-peres-of-israel-and-president-mahmoud-abbas-of-palestine-to-work-for-peace-at-an-historic-joint-prayer-m.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian President, Pope Francis, President, Shimon Peres, Vatican City_
2. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian President_
3. [Pope Francis pleads for peace in a Christmas Mass in the Vatican. ](/news/2016/12/25/pope-francis-pleads-for-peace-in-a-christmas-mass-in-the-vatican.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Vatican City_
4. [Former President and Prime Minister of Israel, and Nobel Peace Prize winner Shimon Peres dies at the age of 93. ](/news/2016/09/28/former-president-and-prime-minister-of-israel-and-nobel-peace-prize-winner-shimon-peres-dies-at-the-age-of-93.md) _Context: President, Shimon Peres_
5. [At the beginning of today's weekly general audience, Pope Francis asks for  forgiveness for the scandals which have recently hit Rome and the Vatican. He did not offer details. The Church's Synod on the Family concludes Sunday, October 25, 2015. ](/news/2015/10/14/at-the-beginning-of-today-s-weekly-general-audience-pope-francis-asks-for-forgiveness-for-the-scandals-which-have-recently-hit-rome-and-th.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Vatican City_
6. [Pope Francis asks Catholic faithful in Europe to host refugee families  fleeing death from war and hunger, and announces the Vatican's two churches will welcome two families of refugees. ](/news/2015/09/6/pope-francis-asks-catholic-faithful-in-europe-to-host-refugee-families-fleeing-death-from-war-and-hunger-and-announces-the-vatican-s-two-c.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Vatican City_
7. [President of the State of Palestine Mahmoud Abbas resigns from the Executive Committee of the Palestinian Liberation Organisation along with 11 ministers to force an election. The last time there were elections in the Palestinian authority was in 2005. ](/news/2015/08/22/president-of-the-state-of-palestine-mahmoud-abbas-resigns-from-the-executive-committee-of-the-palestinian-liberation-organisation-along-with.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian President_
8. [Pope Francis holds a private meeting with a transsexual man and his fiancee at the Vatican. ](/news/2015/01/27/pope-francis-holds-a-private-meeting-with-a-transsexual-man-and-his-fianca-c-e-at-the-vatican.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Vatican City_
9. [Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the State of Palestine, announces a unity cabinet containing members of both Fatah and Hamas. ](/news/2014/06/2/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-state-of-palestine-announces-a-unity-cabinet-containing-members-of-both-fatah-and-hamas.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian President_
10. [Pending approval from Pope Francis, reports that Pope John Paul II may be canonized at the end of the year are confirmed after approval by the Vatican Congregation for the Causes of Saints of an alleged second miracle. ](/news/2013/07/2/pending-approval-from-pope-francis-reports-that-pope-john-paul-ii-may-be-canonized-at-the-end-of-the-year-are-confirmed-after-approval-by-t.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Vatican City_
