### [2014-05-25](/news/2014/05/25/index.md)

# Ukrainian presidential election, 2014:Voters in Ukraine go to the polls for the first round of voting in the presidential election amidst ongoing violence in the east of the country with exit polls indicating that businessman Petro Poroshenko is headed for victory. 

As Ukrainians vote for a new leader today, the people who live in Novgorodskoe are unlikely to turn out in big numbers.


### Source:

1. [Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/world/ukraine-election-due-to-start-but-who-will-vote-20140525-zrnf4.html)
2. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/ukrainians-head-to-the-polls-to-elect-a-new-president-except-in-the-restive-east/2014/05/25/2680fad4-e9f7-4118-923e-852b01351b39_story.html?wpisrc=al_national)

### Related:

1. [DPR leader Alexander Zakharchenko announced that the self-declared Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) and Luhansk People's Republic (LPR) would form a new state called Malorossiya (Little Russia) as an official successor to what he called the "failed state" of Ukraine, with Donetsk replacing Kiev as the country's capital. Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko and LPR leader Igor Plotnitsky denounced the plans. ](/news/2017/07/18/dpr-leader-alexander-zakharchenko-announced-that-the-self-declared-donetsk-people-s-republic-dpr-and-luhansk-people-s-republic-lpr-would.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Ukraine_
2. [2014-15 Russian military intervention in Ukraine:The President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko accuses Russia of sending 9,000 soldiers to help separatists in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2015/01/21/2014a15-russian-military-intervention-in-ukraine-pthe-president-of-ukraine-petro-poroshenko-accuses-russia-of-sending-9-000-soldiers-to-he.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Ukraine_
3. [Voters in Ukraine go to the polls with supporters of President Petro Poroshenko expected to do well. ](/news/2014/10/26/voters-in-ukraine-go-to-the-polls-with-supporters-of-president-petro-poroshenko-expected-to-do-well.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Ukraine_
4. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:The President of Russia Vladimir Putin meets with the President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko in Minsk, Belarus, as disputes in eastern Ukraine continue. ](/news/2014/08/26/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-pthe-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-meets-with-the-president-of-ukraine-petro-poroshenko-in-minsk-be.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Ukraine_
5. [The Ukraine Parliament confirms all government candidates, including that of foreign minister, appointed the previous day by President Petro Poroshenko. ](/news/2014/06/19/the-ukraine-parliament-confirms-all-government-candidates-including-that-of-foreign-minister-appointed-the-previous-day-by-president-petro.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Ukraine_
6. [Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko asks parliament to dismiss the country's central bank governor, Stepan Kubiv. ](/news/2014/06/18/ukrainian-president-petro-poroshenko-asks-parliament-to-dismiss-the-country-s-central-bank-governor-stepan-kubiv.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Ukraine_
7. [2014 pro-Russian conflict in Ukraine:Ukraine's president Petro Poroshenko says he will put forward a detailed peace plan that will include a ceasefire in the conflict. ](/news/2014/06/16/2014-pro-russian-conflict-in-ukraine-pukraine-s-president-petro-poroshenko-says-he-will-put-forward-a-detailed-peace-plan-that-will-include.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Ukraine_
8. [Ukrainian presidential election, 2014:The political council of Ukraine's Party of Regions expels presidential hopefuls Serhiy Tihipko, Yuriy Boyko and Oleg Tsarov, leaving Mykhailo Dobkin as the only candidate representing the party. ](/news/2014/04/7/ukrainian-presidential-election-2014-pthe-political-council-of-ukraine-s-party-of-regions-expels-presidential-hopefuls-serhiy-tihipko-yuri.md) _Context: Ukraine, Ukrainian presidential election_
9. [The International Institute for Strategic Studies releases a report arguing that North Korea has acquired a high-performance liquid-propellant engine for its missile program, probably from illicit networks in Russia and Ukraine, likely produced by Yuzhmash facilities. Ukraine denies the allegations. ](/news/2017/08/14/the-international-institute-for-strategic-studies-releases-a-report-arguing-that-north-korea-has-acquired-a-high-performance-liquid-propella.md) _Context: Ukraine_
10. [Ukraine's domestic intelligence service, the SBU, reports that the March 2017 explosions at Balakliia military base in Eastern Ukraine were caused by a drone carrying a ZMG-1 thermite grenade. The explosions resulted in 1 death and 5 injuries. ](/news/2017/07/27/ukraine-s-domestic-intelligence-service-the-sbu-reports-that-the-march-2017-explosions-at-balakliia-military-base-in-eastern-ukraine-were.md) _Context: Ukraine_
