### [2014-10-22](/news/2014/10/22/index.md)

# In Washington, D. C., Secret Service agents apprehend a White House north fence jumper. 




### Source:

1. [ABC News America](http://abcnews.go.com/US/fence-jumper-caught-white-house/story?id=26387267)

### Related:

1. [ The White House and United States Capitol in Washington, D.C. are evacuated, amid reports of an incoming aircraft. The US Secret Service subsequently issues an all-clear. ](/news/2005/05/11/the-white-house-and-united-states-capitol-in-washington-d-c-are-evacuated-amid-reports-of-an-incoming-aircraft-the-us-secret-service-su.md) _Context: District of Columbia, United States Secret Service, White House_
2. [A United States Secret Service officer shoots an armed man on a street near the White House after the man allegedly approached the officer and refused to drop his weapon. The White House is locked down. ](/news/2016/05/20/a-united-states-secret-service-officer-shoots-an-armed-man-on-a-street-near-the-white-house-after-the-man-allegedly-approached-the-officer-a.md) _Context: United States Secret Service, White House_
3. [The United States Capitol in Washington, D.C. is on lockdown following reports of shots fired at the Capitol Visitor Center. The White House, in what appears to be an unrelated incident, was briefly locked down this afternoon. ](/news/2016/03/28/the-united-states-capitol-in-washington-d-c-is-on-lockdown-following-reports-of-shots-fired-at-the-capitol-visitor-center-the-white-house.md) _Context: District of Columbia, White House_
4. [A Metropolitan Police Department of the District of Columbia report reveals that an agent with the Presidential Protective Service of the United States Secret Service had his weapon, shield, and other professional equipage stolen from his vehicle in broad daylight in downtown Washington, D.C. ](/news/2015/12/23/a-metropolitan-police-department-of-the-district-of-columbia-report-reveals-that-an-agent-with-the-presidential-protective-service-of-the-un.md) _Context: District of Columbia, United States Secret Service_
5. [The US Secret Service locks down the White House after a loud noise (later revealed to be a burned-out souvenir truck) is heard on the South Lawn, moments before U.S. President Barack Obama and his family were due to take off by helicopter. He and his family were not yet on the South Lawn when the noise was heard. ](/news/2015/03/7/the-us-secret-service-locks-down-the-white-house-after-a-loud-noise-later-revealed-to-be-a-burned-out-souvenir-truck-is-heard-on-the-south.md) _Context: United States Secret Service, White House_
6. [The U.S. Secret Service recovers a flying drone from the lawn at the White House. ](/news/2015/01/26/the-u-s-secret-service-recovers-a-flying-drone-from-the-lawn-at-the-white-house.md) _Context: United States Secret Service, White House_
7. [A United States Secret Service report outlines numerous security failures that enabled Omar Gonzalez to enter the White House. ](/news/2014/11/13/a-united-states-secret-service-report-outlines-numerous-security-failures-that-enabled-omar-gonzalez-to-enter-the-white-house.md) _Context: United States Secret Service, White House_
8. [The public portion of Barack Obama's second inauguration takes place at nation's capital in Washington, D.C., a day after he was officially sworn into office in the White House for his second term as President of the United States. ](/news/2013/01/21/the-public-portion-of-barack-obama-s-second-inauguration-takes-place-at-nation-s-capital-in-washington-d-c-a-day-after-he-was-officially.md) _Context: District of Columbia, White House_
9. [The President of the United States Barack Obama and the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron meet at the White House in Washington D.C. to discuss Afghanistan, Syria, the global economy and Iran. ](/news/2012/03/14/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-and-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-meet-at-the-white-house-in-washin.md) _Context: District of Columbia, White House_
10. [Environmentalists, citing greenhouse gas emissions and risks of oil spills, including climatologist James Hansen are arrested outside the White House in Washington D.C. in a protest to urge President Barack Obama to reject TransCanada Corp.'s $7 billion proposed Keystone Pipeline extension from the Athabasca Oil Sands in northern Alberta in Canada to the US Gulf Coast. ](/news/2011/08/30/environmentalists-citing-greenhouse-gas-emissions-and-risks-of-oil-spills-including-climatologist-james-hansen-are-arrested-outside-the-wh.md) _Context: District of Columbia, White House_
