### [2014-10-22](/news/2014/10/22/index.md)

# NATO intercepts Russian jets over the Baltic Sea while Sweden's six-day search for a possibly damaged Russian Navy submarine continues. 

Sweden could use weapons in the search for a suspected foreign submarine near the capital Stockholm, a senior naval official tells the BBC.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''Daily Telegraph](http://www.dailytelegraph.com.au/news/world/nato-intercepts-russian-jets-over-baltic-sea-as-sweden-continues-search-for-a-suspected-damaged-submarine/story-fni0xs63-1227098799704)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-29721461)
3. [Europe Online Magazine](http://en.europeonline-magazine.eu/swedish-search-for-alleged-mystery-submarine-enters-new-phase_360737.html)

### Related:

1. [Russia withdraws a request to refuel three of its warships, including the flagship of the Russian Navy, "Admiral Kuznetsov", en route to Syria, at the Spanish port of Ceuta following NATO pressure on the Spanish government to not allow the warships to dock. ](/news/2016/10/26/russia-withdraws-a-request-to-refuel-three-of-its-warships-including-the-flagship-of-the-russian-navy-admiral-kuznetsov-en-route-to-syr.md) _Context: NATO, Russia, Russian Navy_
2. [ An accident aboard K-152 "Nerpa", a nuclear-powered Russian Navy submarine doing a test run in the Sea of Japan, kills more than 20 people. ](/news/2008/11/9/an-accident-aboard-k-152-nerpa-a-nuclear-powered-russian-navy-submarine-doing-a-test-run-in-the-sea-of-japan-kills-more-than-20-people.md) _Context: Russia, Russian Navy, submarine_
3. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
4. [Russian Special Envoy to Afghanistan Zamir Kabulov denies allegations by NATO Commander Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti that Russia was "perhaps" supplying the Taliban. ](/news/2017/03/24/russian-special-envoy-to-afghanistan-zamir-kabulov-denies-allegations-by-nato-commander-gen-curtis-scaparrotti-that-russia-was-perhaps-su.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
5. [Eight hundred British Army troops arrive in Estonia as part of NATO's Enhanced Forward Presence to deter Russian aggression in Eastern Europe. ](/news/2017/03/18/eight-hundred-british-army-troops-arrive-in-estonia-as-part-of-nato-s-enhanced-forward-presence-to-deter-russian-aggression-in-eastern-europ.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
6. [3,000 U.S. troops are deployed in Poland as part of NATO's Operation Atlantic Resolve. Poland says that the deployment is a necessary response to Russian military exercises near its border and its intervention in Ukraine while Russia condemns the move as a "threat to national interests and security". ](/news/2017/01/12/3-000-u-s-troops-are-deployed-in-poland-as-part-of-nato-s-operation-atlantic-resolve-poland-says-that-the-deployment-is-a-necessary-respon.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
7. [Russia deploys its S-400 missile system in Kaliningrad, an exclave between Poland and Lithuania, in response to "NATO expansion" near its borders. The United States criticizes the move as "destabilizing" to Europe. Russia announced the planned deployment over a decade ago. ](/news/2016/11/21/russia-deploys-its-s-400-missile-system-in-kaliningrad-an-exclave-between-poland-and-lithuania-in-response-to-nato-expansion-near-its-bo.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
8. [NATO members gather in Warsaw, Poland, for a two-day summit. Much of the focus will be on Russia and NATO's commitments in bolstering its presence in Eastern Europe. Other issues to be discussed will include Europe's migrant crises, ISIL extremists, and the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/8/nato-members-gather-in-warsaw-poland-for-a-two-day-summit-much-of-the-focus-will-be-on-russia-and-nato-s-commitments-in-bolstering-its-pr.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
9. [Following his meeting at Finnish President Sauli Niinisto's residence, Russian President Vladimir Putin says that Russia would respect Finland's choice whether to join NATO, though as part of NATO's military infrastructure, Finnish Defence Forces would overnight be at the borders of the Russian Federation. Putin and Niinisto call for improved security in Baltic airspace where Russian and Western aircraft have had close encounters in recent months. ](/news/2016/07/1/following-his-meeting-at-finnish-president-sauli-niinistap-s-residence-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-that-russia-would-respect-finl.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
10. [Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shoygu dismisses 50 high-ranking Navy officers, including Baltic Fleet Commander Viktor Kravchuk and Chief of Staff Sergei Popov, following a month-long inspection that found incompetence, deficiencies in training, and misinformation regarding the state of the fleet. ](/news/2016/06/30/russian-defense-minister-sergey-shoygu-dismisses-50-high-ranking-navy-officers-including-baltic-fleet-commander-viktor-kravchuk-and-chief-o.md) _Context: Russia, Russian Navy_
