### [2014-10-22](/news/2014/10/22/index.md)

# The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention announces that there will be a 21-day monitoring period for all travelers from Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea. 

The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on Wednesday announced that all travelers arriving in the U.S. from the three Ebola-stricken African countries will be subject to a 21-day monitoring program.


### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2014/10/22/cdc-requiring-21-day-monitoring-for-all-travelers-arriving-from-ebola-stricken/)

### Related:

1. [United States authorities announce mandatory Ebola screening will end for travelers from Liberia to five U.S. airports, effective September 21, 2015. Screening of travelers from Sierra Leone and Guinea will continue. ](/news/2015/09/18/united-states-authorities-announce-mandatory-ebola-screening-will-end-for-travelers-from-liberia-to-five-u-s-airports-effective-september.md) _Context: Guinea, Liberia, Sierra Leone_
2. [The World Health Organization reports that the death toll in the three worst affected countries in West Africa - Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone - has passed 5,000. ](/news/2014/11/13/the-world-health-organization-reports-that-the-death-toll-in-the-three-worst-affected-countries-in-west-africa-guinea-liberia-and-sierra.md) _Context: Guinea, Liberia, Sierra Leone_
3. [The first person who was diagnosed with ebola in the United States, Thomas Eric Duncan, a Liberian man, dies in Dallas, Texas. ](/news/2014/10/8/the-first-person-who-was-diagnosed-with-ebola-in-the-united-states-thomas-eric-duncan-a-liberian-man-dies-in-dallas-texas.md) _Context: Ebola virus disease in the United States, Liberia, United States_
4. [A Maine judge imposes limited restrictions, but rejects state officials' bid to quarantine nurse Kaci Hickox, who  returned to the United States last week after treating Ebola patients in Sierra Leone. ](/news/2014/10/31/a-maine-judge-imposes-limited-restrictions-but-rejects-state-officials-bid-to-quarantine-nurse-kaci-hickox-who-returned-to-the-united-st.md) _Context: Ebola virus disease in the United States, Sierra Leone, United States_
5. [Australia issues a blanket ban on issuing visas for residents of Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone, the countries worst affected by the Ebola epidemic. ](/news/2014/10/28/australia-issues-a-blanket-ban-on-issuing-visas-for-residents-of-liberia-guinea-and-sierra-leone-the-countries-worst-affected-by-the-ebola.md) _Context: Guinea, Liberia, Sierra Leone_
6. [An outbreak of Ebola virus which has killed at least 59 people in Guinea continues its spread, entering Liberia and threatens to spread to Sierra Leone. ](/news/2014/03/24/an-outbreak-of-ebola-virus-which-has-killed-at-least-59-people-in-guinea-continues-its-spread-entering-liberia-and-threatens-to-spread-to-s.md) _Context: Guinea, Liberia, Sierra Leone_
7. [ United Nations chief prosecutor of Sierra Leone's war crimes court David Crane claims that Charles Taylor, former president of Liberia, is still plotting to kill Guinean leader Lansana Cont. Cont has been in a hospital since he survived an assassination attempt in January.](/news/2005/05/3/united-nations-chief-prosecutor-of-sierra-leone-s-war-crimes-court-david-crane-claims-that-charles-taylor-former-president-of-liberia-is.md) _Context: Guinea, Liberia, Sierra Leone_
8. [ United Nations chief prosecutor of Sierra Leone's war crimes court David Crane (prosecutor) claims that Charles Taylor, former president of Liberia, is still plotting to kill Guinean leader Lansana Cont. Cont has been in a hospital since he survived an assassination attempt in January. ](/news/2005/05/2/united-nations-chief-prosecutor-of-sierra-leone-s-war-crimes-court-david-crane-prosecutor-claims-that-charles-taylor-former-president-of.md) _Context: Guinea, Liberia, Sierra Leone_
9. [ The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports at that least 270 pregnant women in the United States are infected with the Zika virus. ](/news/2016/05/20/the-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-reports-at-that-least-270-pregnant-women-in-the-united-states-are-infected-with-the-zika-vir.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, United States_
10. [The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention confirms that the Zika virus causes birth defects like microcephaly. ](/news/2016/04/13/the-united-states-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-confirms-that-the-zika-virus-causes-birth-defects-like-microcephaly.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, United States_
