### [2014-05-6](/news/2014/05/6/index.md)

# The Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra appears before the Thai Constitutional Court to defend herself against charges of abuse of power. 

Thai PM Yingluck Shinawatra in court for hearing that may lead to her dismissal - Thai Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra arrived at the Constitutional Court on Tuesday to defend herself against charges of abuse of power, one of two legal challenges that could see her removed from office this month. Six months of street protests aimed at toppling Yingluck have undermined her government, but she has clung on and the number of protesters has dwindled. However, tension is rising again, with her supporters threatening action if the courts remove her and fears of confrontation with the protesters growing.


### Source:

1. [Reuters via ''DNA India](http://www.dnaindia.com/world/report-thai-pm-yingluck-shinawatra-in-court-for-hearing-that-may-lead-to-her-dismissal-1985446)

### Related:

1. [The Constitutional Court of Thailand finds that Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra is guilty of abuse of power when she transferred the National Security Council chief in 2011 and that she cannot remain in office. ](/news/2014/05/7/the-constitutional-court-of-thailand-finds-that-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-is-guilty-of-abuse-of-power-when-she-transferred-the-nati.md) _Context: Constitutional Court of Thailand, Prime Minister of Thailand, Yingluck Shinawatra_
2. [Former Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra appears in court to face corruption charges. ](/news/2016/01/15/former-prime-minister-of-thailand-yingluck-shinawatra-appears-in-court-to-face-corruption-charges.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Thailand, Yingluck Shinawatra_
3. [Former Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra will be indicted over a controversial rice subsidy scheme. ](/news/2015/02/19/former-prime-minister-of-thailand-yingluck-shinawatra-will-be-indicted-over-a-controversial-rice-subsidy-scheme.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Thailand, Yingluck Shinawatra_
4. [Former Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra appears to face impeachment charges over a failed rice subsidy scheme. ](/news/2015/01/9/former-prime-minister-of-thailand-yingluck-shinawatra-appears-to-face-impeachment-charges-over-a-failed-rice-subsidy-scheme.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Thailand, Yingluck Shinawatra_
5. [2013-14 Thai political crisis:The Thai military junta gives permission for former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra to travel abroad for the first time since the coup. ](/news/2014/07/17/2013a14-thai-political-crisis-pthe-thai-military-junta-gives-permission-for-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-to-travel-abroad-for.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Thailand, Yingluck Shinawatra_
6. [Thailand's National Anti-Corruption Commission refers former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra to face impeachment charges in the Senate over a failed rice subsidy scheme. ](/news/2014/05/8/thailand-s-national-anti-corruption-commission-refers-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-to-face-impeachment-charges-in-the-senate-ov.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Thailand, Yingluck Shinawatra_
7. [2014 Thai coup d'tat:Royal Thai Army chief and coup leader General Prayuth Chan-ocha detains former Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra after summoning her for talks a day after the coup. ](/news/2014/05/23/2014-thai-coup-d-etat-proyal-thai-army-chief-and-coup-leader-general-prayuth-chan-ocha-detains-former-prime-minister-of-thailand-yingluck-sh.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Thailand, Yingluck Shinawatra_
8. [The National Anti-Corruption Commission summon the Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra to face charges of allegedly mishandling a rice subsidy program as her supporters block access to the building. ](/news/2014/02/27/the-national-anti-corruption-commission-summon-the-prime-minister-of-thailand-yingluck-shinawatra-to-face-charges-of-allegedly-mishandling-a.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Thailand, Yingluck Shinawatra_
9. [2013-14 Thai political crisis:Protesters gather in Bangkok to shut down the city centre in an effort to bring down the government of Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra. ](/news/2014/01/13/2013a14-thai-political-crisis-pprotesters-gather-in-bangkok-to-shut-down-the-city-centre-in-an-effort-to-bring-down-the-government-of-prim.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Thailand, Yingluck Shinawatra_
10. [2013 Thai protests:Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra announces that she plans to hold elections. ](/news/2013/12/9/2013-thai-protests-pprime-minister-of-thailand-yingluck-shinawatra-announces-that-she-plans-to-hold-elections.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Thailand, Yingluck Shinawatra_
