### [2017-01-14](/news/2017/01/14/index.md)

# A Syrian refugee is suing Facebook after the company failed to remove posts with his image that accuse him of being a terrorist. 

Anas Modamani accuses the social network of failing to take down false posts linking him to crimes.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/01/syrian-selfie-refugee-anas-modamani-sues-facebook-170114063131147.html)

### Related:

1. [Turkish air strikes kill 18 Kurdish YPG fighters and media officials in northeastern Syria. Also five Peshmerga fighters are killed during a Turkish attack on Sinjar in Iraq. Turkey also claims to have destroyed "terror hubs". Iraq denounces the strike as a violation of its sovereignty. ](/news/2017/04/25/turkish-air-strikes-kill-18-kurdish-ypg-fighters-and-media-officials-in-northeastern-syria-also-five-peshmerga-fighters-are-killed-during-a.md) _Context: Syria_
2. [The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-expands-beyond-ohio-with-the.md) _Context: Facebook_
3. [Cleveland police search for a suspect identified in a Facebook video showing one man shooting an elderly man. ](/news/2017/04/16/cleveland-police-search-for-a-suspect-identified-in-a-facebook-video-showing-one-man-shooting-an-elderly-man.md) _Context: Facebook_
4. [According to the Russian Defence Ministry, two of its soldiers have been killed by a mortar attack in Syria while another was wounded. The ministry did not specify when or where the attack occurred. ](/news/2017/04/11/according-to-the-russian-defence-ministry-two-of-its-soldiers-have-been-killed-by-a-mortar-attack-in-syria-while-another-was-wounded-the-m.md) _Context: Syria_
5. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, multiple suspected U.S.-led coalition air raids kill at least 23 civilians in the village of al-Matab in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/03/9/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-multiple-suspected-u-s-led-coalition-air-raids-kill-at-least-23-civilians-in-the-vill.md) _Context: Syria_
6. [The United States Marine Corps' 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit arrives in Syria ahead of a Syrian Democratic Forces operation to take control of ISIL's de facto capital of Raqqa. ](/news/2017/03/8/the-united-states-marine-corps-11th-marine-expeditionary-unit-arrives-in-syria-ahead-of-a-syrian-democratic-forces-operation-to-take-contro.md) _Context: Syria_
7. [In response to several Israeli airstrikes against suspected Hezbollah-related targets inside Syria, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has threatened wider war with the State of Israel, stating its intention to fire Scud missiles, and specifically target the Israeli city of Haifa. Israel responded by stating that any such actions by the Assad regime, or attacks on its aircraft, will cause Israel to "annihilate" Syrian air defense systems. ](/news/2017/03/25/in-response-to-several-israeli-airstrikes-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-inside-syria-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-has-thr.md) _Context: Syria_
8. [The Israeli Air Force resumes bombing against suspected Hezbollah-related targets in Syria, with a fourth round of bombings occurring near military sites near Damascus. ](/news/2017/03/22/the-israeli-air-force-resumes-bombing-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-in-syria-with-a-fourth-round-of-bombings-occurring-near-m.md) _Context: Syria_
9. [The Syrian Army shoots down an Israel Defense Forces (IDF) Skylark drone over Syria's Quneitra Governorate. ](/news/2017/03/20/the-syrian-army-shoots-down-an-israel-defense-forces-idf-skylark-drone-over-syria-s-quneitra-governorate.md) _Context: Syria_
10. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Syria_
