### [2017-01-14](/news/2017/01/14/index.md)

# Aftermath of the Gambian presidential election, 2016. President-elect Adama Barrow travels to the Malian capital of Bamako to meet with world leaders after yesterday's failed attempts at persuading incumbent president Yahya Jammeh to step down at the end of his term. 

Winner of presidential vote heads to Bamako as last-ditch regional attempts to persuade Yahya Jammeh to step down fail.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/01/adama-barrow-heads-mali-gambia-crisis-talks-170114133007809.html)

### Related:

1. [Aftermath of the Gambian presidential election, 2016. The African Union says it will cease to recognize Yahya Jammeh as President of The Gambia on January 19, the date he is to hand power over to his opponent Adama Barrow, who won last year's election. ](/news/2017/01/13/aftermath-of-the-gambian-presidential-election-2016-the-african-union-says-it-will-cease-to-recognize-yahya-jammeh-as-president-of-the-gam.md) _Context: Adama Barrow, Gambian presidential election, 2016, Yahya Jammeh_
2. [Gambian presidential election, 2016. The President of Gambia Yahya Jammeh states he will not accept the result of the recent defeat a week after conceding defeat to Adama Barrow. ](/news/2016/12/9/gambian-presidential-election-2016-the-president-of-gambia-yahya-jammeh-states-he-will-not-accept-the-result-of-the-recent-defeat-a-week-a.md) _Context: Adama Barrow, Gambian presidential election, 2016, Yahya Jammeh_
3. [Gambian presidential election, 2016. Opposition candidate Adama Barrow defeats Gambian President Yahya Jammeh, bringing an end to Jammeh's 22-year-rule in the West African nation. ](/news/2016/12/2/gambian-presidential-election-2016-opposition-candidate-adama-barrow-defeats-gambian-president-yahya-jammeh-bringing-an-end-to-jammeh-s-2.md) _Context: Adama Barrow, Gambian presidential election, 2016, Yahya Jammeh_
4. [June 2017 Bamako attack. Gunmen storm a popular tourist resort near the Malian capital, Bamako. At least two people are reportedly killed. Malian troops and France's Operation Barkhane counter-terrorist force are at the site. ](/news/2017/06/18/june-2017-bamako-attack-gunmen-storm-a-popular-tourist-resort-near-the-malian-capital-bamako-at-least-two-people-are-reportedly-killed-m.md) _Context: Bamako, Mali_
5. [Foreign relations of the Gambia. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, during a visit to the Gambia, announces that the West African nation is to rejoin the Commonwealth of Nations following talks with Gambian President Adama Barrow. The Gambia withdrew from the Commonwealth in 2013 under Yahya Jammeh, who considered it a "neo-colonial institution". ](/news/2017/02/14/foreign-relations-of-the-gambia-british-foreign-secretary-boris-johnson-during-a-visit-to-the-gambia-announces-that-the-west-african-nati.md) _Context: Adama Barrow, Yahya Jammeh_
6. [Gambian President Adama Barrow removes "Islamic" from the country's official name. The Gambia will now officially be called The Republic of The Gambia. Barrow also vows to reform the National Intelligence Agency, accused by human rights groups of forced disappearances and torture under Yahya Jammeh. ](/news/2017/01/30/gambian-president-adama-barrow-removes-islamic-from-the-country-s-official-name-the-gambia-will-now-officially-be-called-the-republic-of.md) _Context: Adama Barrow, Yahya Jammeh_
7. [2016-2017 Gambian constitutional crisis. According to an advisor to Gambian President Adama Barrow, more than 500 million dalasi, equivalent to US$11.3 million, are reported missing from state coffers after former President Yahya Jammeh left the country in exile. ](/news/2017/01/23/2016-2017-gambian-constitutional-crisis-according-to-an-advisor-to-gambian-president-adama-barrow-more-than-500-million-dalasi-equivale.md) _Context: Adama Barrow, Yahya Jammeh_
8. [Foreign relations of the Gambia. Gambian presidential election, 2016. Gambian President Yahya Jammeh accuses the West African regional bloc, ECOWAS, of "declaring war" after it said it was putting forces on alert in case he refused to step down at the end of his mandate on January 19. ](/news/2017/01/1/foreign-relations-of-the-gambia-gambian-presidential-election-2016-gambian-president-yahya-jammeh-accuses-the-west-african-regional-bloc.md) _Context: Gambian presidential election, 2016, Yahya Jammeh_
9. [Gambian presidential election, 2016. Gambia's Chief Justice sets January 10, 2017, for the hearing by the Supreme Court, made up of judges from Nigeria and Sierra Leone, of President Yahya Jammeh's ruling party's legal challenge of the December 1 election results. ](/news/2016/12/21/gambian-presidential-election-2016-gambia-s-chief-justice-sets-january-10-2017-for-the-hearing-by-the-supreme-court-made-up-of-judges-f.md) _Context: Gambian presidential election, 2016, Yahya Jammeh_
10. [Gambian presidential election, 2016. Leaders from the West African bloc ECOWAS and from the Organization of Islamic Cooperation plead with Gambian long-time President Yahya Jammeh who lost in the recently held elections to step aside or face consequences. ](/news/2016/12/18/gambian-presidential-election-2016-leaders-from-the-west-african-bloc-ecowas-and-from-the-organization-of-islamic-cooperation-plead-with-g.md) _Context: Gambian presidential election, 2016, Yahya Jammeh_
