### [2017-01-14](/news/2017/01/14/index.md)

# German police detain two suspects with over 150kg of pyrotechnic explosives and an IED inscribed with a swastika and SS runes, stating the two may have a connection to a neo-Nazi terrorist group. 

Two suspects detained with 155 kilograms of pyrotechnic explosives may have links to a neo-Nazi terrorist group, German DPA news agency reported, citing a local prosecutor’s office. One reportedly had an explosive device bearing a swastika and SS signs.


### Source:

1. [RT](https://www.rt.com/news/373668-germany-explosives-police-detain)

### Related:

1. [Crime in Minnesota: An improvised explosive device goes off at a mosque in Bloomington, Minnesota. No injuries were reported, and the FBI is investigating the case. ](/news/2017/08/5/crime-in-minnesota-an-improvised-explosive-device-goes-off-at-a-mosque-in-bloomington-minnesota-no-injuries-were-reported-and-the-fbi-is.md) _Context: improvised explosive device_
2. [Aftermath of the Unite the Right rally: Internet firm CloudFlare ceased CDN support for the neo-Nazi, white supremacist website "The Daily Stormer", after The "Daily Stormer" claimed that the company supported their cause. "The Daily Stormer" website had already lost web-hosting services by the domain register GoDaddy and Google ](/news/2017/08/17/aftermath-of-the-unite-the-right-rally-internet-firm-cloudflare-ceased-cdn-support-for-the-neo-nazi-white-supremacist-website-the-daily-s.md) _Context: neo-Nazi_
3. [Aftermath of the Unite the Right rally: Several internet companies, such as domain registrar GoDaddy and video game chat application Discord, shut down services for neo-Nazi, white supremacist, alt-right website "The Daily Stormer" for violation of terms of service, and in response to this weekend's violence in Charlottesville, Virginia. ](/news/2017/08/14/aftermath-of-the-unite-the-right-rally-several-internet-companies-such-as-domain-registrar-godaddy-and-video-game-chat-application-discord.md) _Context: neo-Nazi_
4. [Sinai insurgency: A two stage attack targeting police kills 5 officers and wounds 11 in the city of el-Arish. A later roadside bomb south of the city wounds a further 6 officers. ](/news/2017/07/17/sinai-insurgency-a-two-stage-attack-targeting-police-kills-5-officers-and-wounds-11-in-the-city-of-el-arish-a-later-roadside-bomb-south-of.md) _Context: improvised explosive device_
5. [2016 San Pablito Market fireworks explosion: An explosion at a fireworks market in the city of Tultepec near Mexico City, kills at least 29 people and injures at least 70 others. Pyrotechnics is a major industry in Tultepec. ](/news/2016/12/20/2016-san-pablito-market-fireworks-explosion-an-explosion-at-a-fireworks-market-in-the-city-of-tultepec-near-mexico-city-kills-at-least-29.md) _Context: pyrotechnic explosives_
6. [Aleppo offensive (November 2016): Syrian Armed Forces have captured the entire Hanano district in eastern Aleppo and are working on removing mines and improvised explosive devices from the district, while the rebels blame lack of hospitals for collapsing defences. ](/news/2016/11/27/aleppo-offensive-november-2016-syrian-armed-forces-have-captured-the-entire-hanano-district-in-eastern-aleppo-and-are-working-on-removing.md) _Context: improvised explosive device_
7. [American-led intervention in Syria: Syrian Civil War: CENTCOM reports a U.S. service member has been killed in a IED blast near the town of Ayn Issa, Al-Raqqah Governorate, becoming the first U.S. military casualty in the conflict. ](/news/2016/11/24/american-led-intervention-in-syria-syrian-civil-war-centcom-reports-a-u-s-service-member-has-been-killed-in-a-ied-blast-near-the-town-of.md) _Context: improvised explosive device_
8. [Suspected Neo-Nazis attack people at a vegan cafe with slabs of meat in Tbilisi, Georgia. ](/news/2016/06/1/suspected-neo-nazis-attack-people-at-a-vegan-cafe-with-slabs-of-meat-in-tbilisi-georgia.md) _Context: neo-Nazi_
9. [Naxalite-Maoist insurgency: At least seven Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) personnel are killed in an IED attack on their vehicle in the Indian state of Chhattisgarh's Dantewada district. Naxalite insurgents are suspected to have been behind the attack. ](/news/2016/03/30/naxalite-maoist-insurgency-at-least-seven-central-reserve-police-force-crpf-personnel-are-killed-in-an-ied-attack-on-their-vehicle-in-t.md) _Context: improvised explosive device_
10. [German police temporarily seal off the main entrance to the chancellery building because of a suspicious package. ](/news/2016/01/6/german-police-temporarily-seal-off-the-main-entrance-to-the-chancellery-building-because-of-a-suspicious-package.md) _Context: German police_
