### [2017-01-14](/news/2017/01/14/index.md)

# The Turkish Parliament approves two constitutional amendments which expand the powers of the president to appoint new legislation and select the cabinet. 

Turkey’s Parliament has approved two constitutional amendments giving more powers to the president, who will now be able to sponsor new legislation and appoint the cabinet, local media report. The changes come at the expense of MPs’ rights to oversee the government.


### Source:

1. [RT](https://www.rt.com/news/373690-turkey-erdogan-executive-powers)

### Related:

1. [ The President of Israel, Shimon Peres, meets the President of Turkey, Abdullah Gl, in Ankara, and he will also address the Grand National Assembly of Turkey. ](/news/2007/11/13/the-president-of-israel-shimon-peres-meets-the-president-of-turkey-abdullah-gul-in-ankara-and-he-will-also-address-the-grand-national.md) _Context: President, Turkish Parliament_
2. [ The Grand National Assembly starts voting to select a new President of Turkey. The frontrunner Foreign Minister Abdullah Gl fails to achieve a necessary two-thirds majority in the first round with 341 out of 550 but is highly likely to be elected in later rounds when a simple majority of 50 per cent is required. ](/news/2007/08/20/the-grand-national-assembly-starts-voting-to-select-a-new-president-of-turkey-the-frontrunner-foreign-minister-abdullah-gul-fails-to-achie.md) _Context: President, Turkish Parliament_
3. [ The Grand National Assembly of Turkey votes overwhelmingly in favour of a proposal for the direct election of the President of Turkey. ](/news/2007/05/10/the-grand-national-assembly-of-turkey-votes-overwhelmingly-in-favour-of-a-proposal-for-the-direct-election-of-the-president-of-turkey.md) _Context: President, Turkish Parliament_
4. [Turkish constitutional referendum, 2017. Voters in Turkey go to the polls for a referendum that seeks to replace the country's parliamentary system with an executive presidency, thereby giving President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sweeping new powers. Erdogan's AK Party has claimed victory while the opposition CHP has said that it will challenge the result. ](/news/2017/04/16/turkish-constitutional-referendum-2017-voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-that-seeks-to-replace-the-country-s-parliamentary.md) _Context: President_
5. [The Grand National Assembly of Turkey votes to extend a state of emergency imposed after last year's attempted coup for another three months. ](/news/2017/01/3/the-grand-national-assembly-of-turkey-votes-to-extend-a-state-of-emergency-imposed-after-last-year-s-attempted-coup-for-another-three-months.md) _Context: Turkish Parliament_
6. [Turkey-United Kingdom relations. UK Prime Minister Theresa May and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sign a GBP100 million defense deal to build new fighter jets. Under the deal, BAE Systems will collaborate with Turkish companies to build the TAI TFX. ](/news/2017/01/28/turkey-united-kingdom-relations-uk-prime-minister-theresa-may-and-turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-sign-a-agbp100-million-defense.md) _Context: President_
7. [Cyprus dispute. Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan vows that the Turkish Armed Forces will stay on Cyprus "in perpetuity" and that the proposal of a rotating presidency for a unified island is unacceptable, casting doubts on an eventual solution to the dispute. The remarks come as the latest round of unity talks end, with them to restart on January 18. ](/news/2017/01/13/cyprus-dispute-turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-vows-that-the-turkish-armed-forces-will-stay-on-cyprus-in-perpetuity-and-that-the.md) _Context: President_
8. [Accession of Turkey to the European Union. Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens to open Turkey's borders to allow refugees and migrants to reach Europe after the European Parliament votes to temporarily freeze talks of Turkey's accession to the EU. ](/news/2016/11/25/accession-of-turkey-to-the-european-union-turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-to-open-turkey-s-borders-to-allow-refugees-and.md) _Context: President_
9. [Turkish state of emergency. President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's order under the state of emergency declared Wednesday after the failed military coup calls for closure of thousands of private schools, charities, and other institutions suspected of having links to Fethullah Gulen. ](/news/2016/07/23/turkish-state-of-emergency-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-s-order-under-the-state-of-emergency-declared-wednesday-after-the-failed-militar.md) _Context: President_
10. [Turkey-United States relations. The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/turkey-united-states-relations-the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails.md) _Context: President_
