### [2017-01-14](/news/2017/01/14/index.md)

# The Palestinian National Authority prepares to open an embassy in the Vatican City, just one day before a Palestinian peace conference in Paris. 

President Mahmoud Abbas meets Pope Francis for the opening of the embassy, one day before Paris peace conference.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/01/palestinian-embassy-vatican-170114093041154.html)

### Related:

1. [The Palestinian National Authority threatens to revoke its recognition of Israel (guaranteed by their signing of the Oslo I Accord in 1993) if the United States, under the presidency of Donald Trump, moves its Embassy in Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/01/10/the-palestinian-national-authority-threatens-to-revoke-its-recognition-of-israel-guaranteed-by-their-signing-of-the-oslo-i-accord-in-1993.md) _Context: Palestinian National Authority_
2. [Pope Francis pleads for peace in a Christmas Mass in the Vatican. ](/news/2016/12/25/pope-francis-pleads-for-peace-in-a-christmas-mass-in-the-vatican.md) _Context: Vatican City_
3. [Mother Teresa, known for working with the desperately poor, is canonized in a ceremony at the Vatican. ](/news/2016/09/4/mother-teresa-known-for-working-with-the-desperately-poor-is-canonized-in-a-ceremony-at-the-vatican.md) _Context: Vatican City_
4. [The Palestinian National Authority says it is planning to sue the United Kingdom over the 1917 Balfour Declaration. Palestinian Foreign Affairs Minister Riyad al-Maliki says the document led to mass Jewish immigration to British Mandatory Palestine, "at the expense of our Palestinian people". ](/news/2016/07/26/the-palestinian-national-authority-says-it-is-planning-to-sue-the-united-kingdom-over-the-1917-balfour-declaration-palestinian-foreign-affa.md) _Context: Palestinian National Authority_
5. [The Palestinian Ministry of Foreign Affairs says Israel prevented Indonesian Foreign Minister Retno Marsudi from entering the West Bank to meet with Palestinian officials. The Israeli spokesman would not comment. Israel and Indonesia do not have formal diplomatic relations. ](/news/2016/03/13/the-palestinian-ministry-of-foreign-affairs-says-israel-prevented-indonesian-foreign-minister-retno-marsudi-from-entering-the-west-bank-to-m.md) _Context: Palestinian National Authority_
6. [The capitals of the world's two most populous nations, China and India, are blanketed in hazardous, choking smog. Beijing, on the second-highest pollution alert, is closing highways, halting or suspending construction while warning residents to stay indoors. The U.S. New Delhi embassy's monitoring station recorded an air quality index of 372,  putting air pollution levels into "hazardous" territory. No action by the New Delhi government. ](/news/2015/11/30/the-capitals-of-the-worldas-two-most-populous-nations-china-and-india-are-blanketed-in-hazardous-choking-smog-beijing-on-the-second-h.md) _Context: embassy_
7. [The Vatican police arrest Msgr. Lucio Angel Vallejo Balda|it and Francesca Immacolata Chaouqui, members of a former papal commission charged with studying financial operations of the Holy See, for allegedly leaking confidential documents to the media, a crime since 2013. ](/news/2015/11/2/the-vatican-police-arrest-msgr-lucio-angel-vallejo-balda-it-and-francesca-immacolata-chaouqui-members-of-a-former-papal-commission-charge.md) _Context: Vatican City_
8. [Egyptians residing abroad begin casting votes in the country's first parliamentary election since the 2013 military overthrow of President Mohamed Morsi. Embassies and consulates in 139 countries will be open for two days of voting. ](/news/2015/10/17/egyptians-residing-abroad-begin-casting-votes-in-the-country-s-first-parliamentary-election-since-the-2013-military-overthrow-of-president-m.md) _Context: embassy_
9. [At the beginning of today's weekly general audience, Pope Francis asks for  forgiveness for the scandals which have recently hit Rome and the Vatican. He did not offer details. The Church's Synod on the Family concludes Sunday, October 25, 2015. ](/news/2015/10/14/at-the-beginning-of-today-s-weekly-general-audience-pope-francis-asks-for-forgiveness-for-the-scandals-which-have-recently-hit-rome-and-th.md) _Context: Vatican City_
10. [Pope Francis asks Catholic faithful in Europe to host refugee families  fleeing death from war and hunger, and announces the Vatican's two churches will welcome two families of refugees. ](/news/2015/09/6/pope-francis-asks-catholic-faithful-in-europe-to-host-refugee-families-fleeing-death-from-war-and-hunger-and-announces-the-vatican-s-two-c.md) _Context: Vatican City_
