### [2004-12-17](/news/2004/12/17/index.md)

#  The United Nations finds a surveillance bug in its European headquarters in Geneva in a room used by ministers from major powers last year during private talks on Iraq. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4103907.stm)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations announces expansion of civilian camps for people fleeing Mosul, following resumption of airstrikes on ISIL-held portions of the Iraqi city. ](/news/2017/04/4/the-united-nations-announces-expansion-of-civilian-camps-for-people-fleeing-mosul-following-resumption-of-airstrikes-on-isil-held-portions.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
2. [United Nations officials announce the creation of a new team in Geneva to investigate possible war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide during the Syrian Civil War in order to prepare for future prosecutions of those responsible. ](/news/2017/02/16/united-nations-officials-announce-the-creation-of-a-new-team-in-geneva-to-investigate-possible-war-crimes-crimes-against-humanity-and-genoc.md) _Context: Geneva, United Nations_
3. [Syrian government airstrikes, and rockets from Islamist insurgents, hit many neighborhoods in Aleppo. Fatalities are reported on both sides of the city. This continued fighting threatens the truce and peace talks being held in Geneva, Switzerland. UN envoy Staffan de Mistura says he will meet the government delegation Monday, and will sit down with the main opposition High Negotiations Committee later in the week. ](/news/2016/04/16/syrian-government-airstrikes-and-rockets-from-islamist-insurgents-hit-many-neighborhoods-in-aleppo-fatalities-are-reported-on-both-sides.md) _Context: Geneva, United Nations_
4. [ The delegation of the government of Syria rules out starting any direct talks with the opposition delegation as U.N. sponsored peace talks enter a third day in Geneva. ](/news/2016/03/16/the-delegation-of-the-government-of-syria-rules-out-starting-any-direct-talks-with-the-opposition-delegation-as-u-n-sponsored-peace-talks.md) _Context: Geneva, United Nations_
5. [The High Negotiations Committee, Syria's main opposition group, will attend Monday's U.N.-brokered peace talks in Geneva, Switzerland, a day shy of the fifth anniversary of the start of the conflict, and two-plus weeks into the ceasefire agreement. Although fighting continues, a significant drop in violence has been seen during the truce. The first round of Geneva talks collapsed on Feb. 3 during a government offensive against rebels in Aleppo. ](/news/2016/03/11/the-high-negotiations-committee-syria-s-main-opposition-group-will-attend-monday-s-u-n-brokered-peace-talks-in-geneva-switzerland-a-day.md) _Context: Geneva, United Nations_
6. [Turkey refuses to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq despite being given a 48 hour ultimatum by Iraq to leave the country. Turkey says the troops are there as part of an international mission to train and equip Iraqi forces to fight against the Islamic State. The Iraqi government says it never invited such a force, and will take its case to the United Nations if they are not pulled out. ](/news/2015/12/7/turkey-refuses-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-despite-being-given-a-48-hour-ultimatum-by-iraq-to-leave-the-country-turkey-says-t.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
7. [ In Iraq, a cholera outbreak prompts United Nations agencies UNICEF and the World Health Organization to launch a prevention and treatment campaign. So far, around 2,200 cases have been confirmed, and some infections have occurred in neighboring countries. ](/news/2015/11/7/in-iraq-a-cholera-outbreak-prompts-united-nations-agencies-unicef-and-the-world-health-organization-to-launch-a-prevention-and-treatment-c.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
8. [The United Nations seeks $16.4 billion to fund humanitarian assistance programs in 2015 with Syria, Iraq, Sudan and South Sudan the areas of greatest need. ](/news/2014/12/8/the-united-nations-seeks-16-4-billion-to-fund-humanitarian-assistance-programs-in-2015-with-syria-iraq-sudan-and-south-sudan-the-areas-of.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
9. [The United Nations declares its highest state of emergency in Iraq following the advance of Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2014/08/14/the-united-nations-declares-its-highest-state-of-emergency-in-iraq-following-the-advance-of-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
10. [A French court clears oil company Total S.A., its chief executive and over a dozen defendants of corruption charges related to the United Nations oil-for-food programme in Iraq. ](/news/2013/07/8/a-french-court-clears-oil-company-total-s-a-its-chief-executive-and-over-a-dozen-defendants-of-corruption-charges-related-to-the-united-na.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
