### [2004-12-17](/news/2004/12/17/index.md)

#  The E.U. states that Turkey must recognize the ethnic-Greek government of E.U. member state Cyprus before it can begin negotiations for E.U. membership. Currently Turkey is the only country that recognizes the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus. 




### Source:

1. [ITV](http://www.itv.com/news/index_1752201.html)
2. [Turkish Press](http://www.turkishpress.com/news.asp?ID=34889)

### Related:

1. [ A draft European Commission report raises new doubts about Turkey's bid to join the European Union. ](/news/2006/11/3/a-draft-european-commission-report-raises-new-doubts-about-turkey-s-bid-to-join-the-european-union.md) _Context: Accession of Turkey to the European Union, EU, Turkey_
2. [ Leaders of the European Union, meeting in Brussels, agree to invite Turkey to begin negotiations to join the EU from 3 October 2005, about 36 years after they first applied to join. ](/news/2004/12/16/leaders-of-the-european-union-meeting-in-brussels-agree-to-invite-turkey-to-begin-negotiations-to-join-the-eu-from-3-october-2005-about.md) _Context: Accession of Turkey to the European Union, EU, Turkey_
3. [ Greek and Turkish Cypriot leaders accept United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan's plan for ending the partition of the island of Cyprus. The two sides will work under a tight timetable to agree by March 22 on reunification language that can be put to simultaneous islandwide referendums on April 21. Unless reunification is achieved, only the Greek Cypriot government will be entitled to enter the European Union on May 1.](/news/2004/02/13/greek-and-turkish-cypriot-leaders-accept-united-nations-secretary-general-kofi-annan-s-plan-for-ending-the-partition-of-the-island-of-cypru.md) _Context: Cyprus, EU, TRNC_
4. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: Cyprus, EU_
5. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens to open Turkey's borders to allow refugees and migrants to reach Europe after the European Parliament votes to temporarily freeze talks of Turkey's accession to the EU. ](/news/2016/11/25/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-to-open-turkey-s-borders-to-allow-refugees-and-migrants-to-reach-europe-after-the-european.md) _Context: Accession of Turkey to the European Union, Turkey_
6. [Turkey fails to meet the criteria set forth by the European Union in order to obtain visa-free travel to its member states. The EU promised to grant Turkey visa-free travel only if it met specific conditions on border security and human rights. ](/news/2016/06/15/turkey-fails-to-meet-the-criteria-set-forth-by-the-european-union-in-order-to-obtain-visa-free-travel-to-its-member-states-the-eu-promised.md) _Context: EU, Turkey_
7. [Hansjorg Haber, the European Union's top envoy to Turkey, resigns effective August. Omer Celik, Turkish Minister of European Union Affairs, had complained that Haber had shown disrespect for Turkey's national values, and for President Tayyip Erdogan. EU officials declined to comment on the reason for Haber's resignation. ](/news/2016/06/14/hansjaprg-haber-the-european-union-s-top-envoy-to-turkey-resigns-effective-august-amer-aelik-turkish-minister-of-european-union-affair.md) _Context: EU, Turkey_
8. [Police in northern Greece move more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-border-to-a-shelter-near-th.md) _Context: EU, Turkey_
9. [The European Union proposes visa-free travel for Turkish citizens within Europe's Schengen Area and invites member states and EU lawmakers to endorse the move by June 30. The EU says Turkey has met all but five of the 72 criteria included in the agreement in exchange for its efforts to stop asylum seekers from reaching Europe. This visa deal also needs approval from the European Parliament. ](/news/2016/05/4/the-european-union-proposes-visa-free-travel-for-turkish-citizens-within-europe-s-schengen-area-and-invites-member-states-and-eu-lawmakers-t.md) _Context: EU, Turkey_
10. [On Wednesday, the European Union will propose relaxing visa requirements for Turks as a reward for having reduced the flood of refugees and migrants into Europe. ](/news/2016/05/2/on-wednesday-the-european-union-will-propose-relaxing-visa-requirements-for-turks-as-a-reward-for-having-reduced-the-flood-of-refugees-and.md) _Context: EU, Turkey_
