### [2004-12-17](/news/2004/12/17/index.md)

#  U.S. President George W. Bush, speaking to business executives and economists at the White House, vows to push through big reforms to the Social Security program, including partial privatization of the state pension fund, during his second term. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/4103521.stm)

### Related:

1. [ United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice says the White House wants to broker a permanent deal between Israel and the Palestinian Authority before President George W. Bush leaves office. ](/news/2007/11/21/united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-says-the-white-house-wants-to-broker-a-permanent-deal-between-israel-and-the-palestinian.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. President, White House_
2. [ Former White House Press Secretary Scott McClellan claims that United States President George W. Bush was involved in the Plame affair. ](/news/2007/11/21/former-white-house-press-secretary-scott-mcclellan-claims-that-united-states-president-george-w-bush-was-involved-in-the-plame-affair.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. President, White House_
3. [ The United States House Committee on the Judiciary votes 22-17 to approve a report citing former White House counsel Harriet Miers and current Chief of Staff for President George W. Bush Joshua Bolten for failing to comply with subpoenas regarding the dismissal of U.S. attorneys controversy. ](/news/2007/07/25/the-united-states-house-committee-on-the-judiciary-votes-22-17-to-approve-a-report-citing-former-white-house-counsel-harriet-miers-and-curr.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. President, White House_
4. [ President of the United States George W. Bush delivers his 2005 State of the Union address. The section on Social Security reform is booed by some members of Congress, a very rare show of open disdain for the President during such a speech. ](/news/2005/02/2/president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-delivers-his-2005-state-of-the-union-address-the-section-on-social-security-reform-is-booed.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Social Security, U.S. President_
5. [ The White House affirms that, despite reports to the contrary, John Snow will remain Treasury Secretary during President George W. Bush's second term of office. Meanwhile, Secretary of Veterans Affairs Anthony Principi announces his expected resignation. ](/news/2004/12/8/the-white-house-affirms-that-despite-reports-to-the-contrary-john-snow-will-remain-treasury-secretary-during-president-george-w-bush-s-s.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. President, White House_
6. [ Americans commemorate the third anniversary of the September 11, 2001, attacks. U.S. President George Bush and First Lady Laura Bush observe a moment of silence on the South Lawn of the White House to officially begin the day of remembrance. ](/news/2004/09/11/americans-commemorate-the-third-anniversary-of-the-september-11-2001-attacks-u-s-president-george-bush-and-first-lady-laura-bush-observ.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. President, White House_
7. [ The White House releases a February 7, 2002, memo in which President George W. Bush ordered humane treatment of captured Taliban and al Qaeda fighters despite a Justice Department legal opinion that the Geneva Convention does not apply. Twenty-one other memos requested by Senate Democrats have not yet been released; no released memos address Iraq or Abu-Ghraib Prison. [http://msnbc.msn.com/ID/5259200/ (MSNBC)] [http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A61651-2004Jun22.html (Memo)] Gordon B. Hinckley, 15th president of the LDS church, awarded presidential medal of Freedom from George W. Bush. The U.S. administration releases a U.S. Justice Department memo asserting that the legal opinion that the president had "the legal authority to order prisoners to be tortured". The memo indicates that Donald Rumsfeld denied approval to strongly coercive physical measures, but approved what has been described as "mild, noninjurious physical contact", and use of "detainee's individuals phobias (such as fear of dogs)". [http://www.voanews.com/article.cfm?objectID=287A07AA-33E4-42B5-A908D73E080FF8A3 (VOA)] [http://www.news24.com/News24/World/News/0,,2-10-1462_1546723,00.html (News24)] The U.S. administration asserts that it refused to permit the use of torture, even if to do so would be legally permissible.](/news/2004/06/23/the-white-house-releases-a-february-7-2002-memo-in-which-president-george-w-bush-ordered-humane-treatment-of-captured-taliban-and-al-qae.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. President, White House_
8. [ U.S. President George W. Bush announces the formation of the Iraq Intelligence Commission, an independent, bipartisan inquiry presidential commission to probe into prewar intelligence regarding weapons of mass destruction leading up to the decision to invade Iraq. Former Iraq Survey Group chief David Kay, who searched for weapons in Iraq, meets with Bush at the White House and maintains that Bush was right to go to war in Iraq and characterizes the Saddam Hussein regime as "far more dangerous than even we anticipated" when it was thought he had WMDs ready to deploy. (See rationale for the Iraq War and Senate Report on Pre-war Intelligence on Iraq)](/news/2004/02/2/u-s-president-george-w-bush-announces-the-formation-of-the-iraq-intelligence-commission-an-independent-bipartisan-inquiry-presidential.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. President, White House_
9. [ Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas meets with US President George W. Bush at the White House ](/news/2003/07/25/palestinian-prime-minister-mahmoud-abbas-meets-with-us-president-george-w-bush-at-the-white-house.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. President, White House_
10. [President-elect of the United States Donald Trump meets with President Barack Obama for the first time at the White House. ](/news/2016/11/10/president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-meets-with-president-barack-obama-for-the-first-time-at-the-white-house.md) _Context: U.S. President, White House_
