### [2015-08-19](/news/2015/08/19/index.md)

# A bomb detonated by Kurdish militants kills at least eight soldiers. 

Kurdish rebels have detonated a bomb on a road in south east Turkey, killing at least eight soldiers.


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2015/08/19/world/europe/ap-eu-turkey-kurds.html)
2. [The Independent](http://www.independent.ie/world-news/eight-soldiers-killed-in-pkk-bomb-attack-in-turkey-31463308.html)

### Related:

1. [A car bomb injures at least nine people, three in serious condition,  in the mainly-Kurdish southeast region in Turkey's Tunceli Province. The explosion occurred close to housing for courthouse employees in the town of Ovacik. There is  no immediate claim of responsibility  for the attack. ](/news/2016/06/13/a-car-bomb-injures-at-least-nine-people-three-in-serious-condition-in-the-mainly-kurdish-southeast-region-in-turkey-s-tunceli-province-t.md) _Context: Kurd_
2. [Kurdish-led fighters completely encircle the ISIL-held town of Manbij, near the Turkish border, while Syrian forces move closer to ISIL's de facto capital, Raqqa. ](/news/2016/06/10/kurdish-led-fighters-completely-encircle-the-isil-held-town-of-manbij-near-the-turkish-border-while-syrian-forces-move-closer-to-isil-s-de.md) _Context: Kurd_
3. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that at least 50 United States military instructors have deployed to northern Syria from Turkey and Iraq to train Kurdish forces ahead of an assault on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah. ](/news/2015/11/30/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-that-at-least-50-united-states-military-instructors-have-deployed-to-northern-syria-from-tur.md) _Context: Kurd_
4. [More than a dozen alleged ISIS-linked, terrorist members of Rawti Shax, a European offshoot of the Iraqi Kurdish jihadist network Ansar al-Islam,  are arrested in a coordinated, multi-nation sweep by police across Europe. The operation  dismantled an integrated cell in Italy, the United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, and Germany.  The group is accused of radicalizing fighters, planning attacks  targeting Norwegian and British diplomats in the Middle East, and planning to establish a caliphate in Iraq's Kurdistan region. ](/news/2015/11/12/more-than-a-dozen-alleged-isis-linked-terrorist-members-of-rawti-shax-a-european-offshoot-of-the-iraqi-kurdish-jihadist-network-ansar-al-i.md) _Context: Kurd_
5. [Turkish security forces backed up by tanks and combat helicopters launch a large-scale operation against PKK militants in the mainly Kurdish town of Silvan, which has been under a punishing curfew for nine days. At least five people are killed in the fighting, including a Turkish soldier. ](/news/2015/11/11/turkish-security-forces-backed-up-by-tanks-and-combat-helicopters-launch-a-large-scale-operation-against-pkk-militants-in-the-mainly-kurdish.md) _Context: PKK_
6. [Turkey's air force launches a new wave of air-raids bombing PKK positions in northern Iraq and southeastern Turkey. Turkish warplanes destroy PKK fuel and ammunition depots in the Hakkari province on the border with Iraq, as well as, in the eastern Kars province, according to a military statement. ](/news/2015/10/4/turkey-s-air-force-launches-a-new-wave-of-air-raids-bombing-pkk-positions-in-northern-iraq-and-southeastern-turkey-turkish-warplanes-destro.md) _Context: PKK_
7. [At least 17 PKK militants are reportedly killed following a Turkish military operation in the Kurdish-majority city of Silvan. ](/news/2015/10/2/at-least-17-pkk-militants-are-reportedly-killed-following-a-turkish-military-operation-in-the-kurdish-majority-city-of-silvan.md) _Context: PKK_
8. [Three Turkish troops, including a lieutenant colonel, are killed following clashes with PKK insurgents around Daglica vlliage, in the southeastern Hakkari Province. At least 17 PKK insurgents were also reportedly killed in the fighting. ](/news/2015/10/17/three-turkish-troops-including-a-lieutenant-colonel-are-killed-following-clashes-with-pkk-insurgents-around-daala-ca-vlliage-in-the-sout.md) _Context: PKK_
9. [The Turkish Air Force launches a wave of airstrikes against PKK targets in northern Iraq and southeastern Turkey. Turkish security officials have also rejected a PKK ceasefire declared on Saturday shortly after the bombings in Ankara, saying "The PKK ceasefire means nothing for us. The operations will continue without a break". ](/news/2015/10/11/the-turkish-air-force-launches-a-wave-of-airstrikes-against-pkk-targets-in-northern-iraq-and-southeastern-turkey-turkish-security-officials.md) _Context: PKK_
10. [Twin bomb blasts in the Turkish capital Ankara near the main train station leave at least 97 people dead and over 400 wounded. The bombing occurred during a peace rally protesting the conflict between Turkey and the militant Kurdish PKK.  ](/news/2015/10/10/twin-bomb-blasts-in-the-turkish-capital-ankara-near-the-main-train-station-leave-at-least-97-people-dead-and-over-400-wounded-the-bombing-o.md) _Context: PKK_
