### [2015-08-19](/news/2015/08/19/index.md)

# Police in the U.S. city of St. Louis, Missouri make nine arrests and use tear gas to disperse protesters after a killing of an armed man allegedly aiming a gun at police officers earlier in the day. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/08/19/us/st-louis-police-shooting/index.html)

### Related:

1. [A boiler explosion at a Missouri box company in St. Louis's historic Soulard neighborhood kills three people and injures four others. ](/news/2017/04/3/a-boiler-explosion-at-a-missouri-box-company-in-st-louis-s-historic-soulard-neighborhood-kills-three-people-and-injures-four-others.md) _Context: St. Louis's_
2. [Protesters in Brazil hold a violent demonstration against a proposed public spending cap in the capital Brasilia. Police used tear gas and rubber bullets in order to disperse the demonstrators. ](/news/2016/11/29/protesters-in-brazil-hold-a-violent-demonstration-against-a-proposed-public-spending-cap-in-the-capital-brasilia-police-used-tear-gas-and-r.md) _Context: tear gas_
3. [Peabody Energy, the largest privately-owned producer of coal in the world headquartered in St. Louis, Missouri, files for bankruptcy court protection due to high debts and a drop in world prices. ](/news/2016/04/13/peabody-energy-the-largest-privately-owned-producer-of-coal-in-the-world-headquartered-in-st-louis-missouri-files-for-bankruptcy-court-p.md) _Context: St. Louis's_
4. [Media freedom in Turkey. Turkish police fire tear gas at protesters outside the Istanbul headquarters of the "Zaman" newspaper which has been taken over by the Turkish government. ](/news/2016/03/5/media-freedom-in-turkey-turkish-police-fire-tear-gas-at-protesters-outside-the-istanbul-headquarters-of-the-zaman-newspaper-which-has-bee.md) _Context: tear gas_
5. [European migrant crisis. Macedonian police use tear gas after hundreds of migrants frustrated with long delays broke a gate on the border with Greece and temporarily cross the border. ](/news/2016/02/29/european-migrant-crisis-macedonian-police-use-tear-gas-after-hundreds-of-migrants-frustrated-with-long-delays-broke-a-gate-on-the-border-wi.md) _Context: tear gas_
6. [Kosovo opposition lawmakers twice disrupt today's session of parliament by tossing tear gas into the chamber to protest recent changes giving the country's Serb minority greater powers, and demanding the government-s resignation and snap elections. ](/news/2016/02/19/kosovo-opposition-lawmakers-twice-disrupt-today-s-session-of-parliament-by-tossing-tear-gas-into-the-chamber-to-protest-recent-changes-givin.md) _Context: tear gas_
7. [Nicaragua deploys its military to help close its southern border in a dispute with Costa Rica over the passage of Cuban migrants on their way to the United States. Nicaragua-s government said Costa Rica-s decision to grant seven-day transit visas to 1,200 Cuban migrants who entered the country through Panama, -violated national sovereignty-. Nicaraguan troops and riot police fired tear gas at people attempting to enter in what Costa Rica called a "humanitarian crisis". ](/news/2015/11/16/nicaragua-deploys-its-military-to-help-close-its-southern-border-in-a-dispute-with-costa-rica-over-the-passage-of-cuban-migrants-on-their-wa.md) _Context: tear gas_
8. [St. Louis' police chief announces officers are stepping up patrols following fires at six predominantly African-American churches in the past two weeks. No one has been injured in any of the fires. The reward for information leading to an arrest is now $4,000; the St. Louis Police Officers- Association will match the $2,000 reward being offered by the St. Louis Regional Crime Stoppers and the ATF. The American Civil Liberties Union of Missouri and the Anti-Defamation League suggest the fires may be arson sparked by racist motivations. ](/news/2015/10/21/st-louis-police-chief-announces-officers-are-stepping-up-patrols-following-fires-at-six-predominantly-african-american-churches-in-the-pas.md) _Context: St. Louis's_
9. [European migrant crisis. Hungary's parliament passes a law allowing the Hungarian military to help handle the migrant crisis at its borders with Serbia and Croatia, including the right to use non-lethal force such as rubber bullets, pyrotechnical devices, tear gas grenades or net guns. ](/news/2015/09/21/european-migrant-crisis-hungary-s-parliament-passes-a-law-allowing-the-hungarian-military-to-help-handle-the-migrant-crisis-at-its-borders.md) _Context: tear gas_
10. [Sudanese police use tear gas to break up Khartoum protests against government land policy. ](/news/2015/06/12/sudanese-police-use-tear-gas-to-break-up-khartoum-protests-against-government-land-policy.md) _Context: tear gas_
