### [2015-08-19](/news/2015/08/19/index.md)

# The United States Navy SEALs announce a plan to allow women to register, the first time in history. 

The high-level push to integrate the storied SEAL brotherhood is coming on the heels of a comprehensive review.


### Source:

1. [The Navy Times](http://www.navytimes.com/story/military/2015/08/18/women-seals-greenert-losey-buds/31943243/)
1. [Cover Image](http://snagfilms-a.akamaihd.net/d1/ff/3bd8da6749f595de9c6c577a9b00/navy-seal-photo-downloads)

### Related:

1. [A United States Navy SEAL is killed, becoming the first U.S. service member killed in Somalia since 1993, and three others are injured in a gunfight with al-Shabaab militants, west of Mogadishu. ](/news/2017/05/6/a-united-states-navy-seal-is-killed-becoming-the-first-u-s-service-member-killed-in-somalia-since-1993-and-three-others-are-injured-in-a.md) _Context: United States Navy SEAL_
2. [United States Navy SEALs, by high altitude parachuting, fail in a rescue attempt after the team does not find the American and Australian hostages who were kidnapped in Kabul last month. ](/news/2016/09/9/united-states-navy-seals-by-high-altitude-parachuting-fail-in-a-rescue-attempt-after-the-team-does-not-find-the-american-and-australian-ho.md) _Context: United States Navy SEAL_
3. [According to the United States Department of Defense, ISIL fighters killed a Navy SEAL near Erbil. The sailor was assisting Kurdish Peshmerga forces in repelling an attack on the area. The SEAL was later identified as Arizona native Charles Keating IV, the son of Charles Keating III, and the grandson of the convicted noted late financier Charles Keating Jr., who was embroiled in the 1980s savings and loan scandal. ](/news/2016/05/3/according-to-the-united-states-department-of-defense-isil-fighters-killed-a-navy-seal-near-erbil-the-sailor-was-assisting-kurdish-peshmerg.md) _Context: United States Navy SEAL_
4. ["The New York Times" reports the U.S. Navy covered up a Naval Criminal Investigative Service (NCIS) report on Afghan detainee abuses. The NCIS investigation found that Navy SEAL Team 2's abuse resulted in the death of a 24-year old married Afghan detainee with a new baby, and that the SEALs failed to restrain the Afghan Local Police's detainee abuses. This drove some previously cooperative Afghans to leave for Taliban-controlled areas, the "Times" reports. Their commander in Afghanistan recommended these men be forced out of the elite SEAL teams. Two of the SEALs and their lieutenant have since been promoted. Rachel E. VanLandingham, former United States Central Command's chief legal adviser on detainee and interrogation issues from 2006 to 2010, and other military lawyers, have called for the case to be reopened. ](/news/2015/12/17/the-new-york-times-reports-the-u-s-navy-covered-up-a-naval-criminal-investigative-service-ncis-report-on-afghan-detainee-abuses-the-nc.md) _Context: United States Navy SEAL_
5. [Eddie Ray Routh is found guilty of the 2013 murder of United States Navy SEALs' sniper Chris Kyle and Kyle's friend Chad Littlefield in Texas. Routh is automatically sentenced to life imprisonment without parole. ](/news/2015/02/24/eddie-ray-routh-is-found-guilty-of-the-2013-murder-of-united-states-navy-seals-sniper-chris-kyle-and-kyle-s-friend-chad-littlefield-in-texa.md) _Context: United States Navy SEAL_
6. [An American civilian and a South African civilian die during an attempt to rescue them by U.S. Navy SEALs in Yemen. They were being held hostage by al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula. ](/news/2014/12/6/an-american-civilian-and-a-south-african-civilian-die-during-an-attempt-to-rescue-them-by-u-s-navy-seals-in-yemen-they-were-being-held-hos.md) _Context: United States Navy SEAL_
7. [An Afghan man who saved the life of a Navy SEAL requests asylum in the United States after the Taliban has declared they will try to kill him. ](/news/2014/06/24/an-afghan-man-who-saved-the-life-of-a-navy-seal-requests-asylum-in-the-united-states-after-the-taliban-has-declared-they-will-try-to-kill-hi.md) _Context: United States Navy SEAL_
8. [United States Navy SEALs take over a disavowed oil tanker in international waters previously seized by Libyan rebels. ](/news/2014/03/17/united-states-navy-seals-take-over-a-disavowed-oil-tanker-in-international-waters-previously-seized-by-libyan-rebels.md) _Context: United States Navy SEAL_
9. [A US Navy Seal is killed and 7 others are injured as their Humvee rolls over during a training exercise. ](/news/2013/05/17/a-us-navy-seal-is-killed-and-7-others-are-injured-as-their-humvee-rolls-over-during-a-training-exercise.md) _Context: United States Navy SEAL_
10. [A United States Navy SEAL is killed in a training accident. ](/news/2013/03/29/a-united-states-navy-seal-is-killed-in-a-training-accident.md) _Context: United States Navy SEAL_
