### [2015-08-19](/news/2015/08/19/index.md)

# The Bundestag votes to approve a third bailout for Greece. 

The German Bundestag is expected to approve €86bn bailout, paving the way for Athens to meet debt deadlines


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/business/blog/live/2015/aug/19/german-mps-to-vote-on-greek-bailout-live)
1. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/static/sys-images/Guardian/Pix/pictures/2015/8/19/1439966900227/73b2481f-8988-4b5c-898a-bea6669258dc-2060x1236.jpeg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=20f40a659d515a9a214428e5a1ad9a2d)

### Related:

1. [Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-suggested-the-imf-may-threaten.md) _Context: Greek, Greek government-debt crisis_
2. [A new study shows Greece's six-year austerity program is even affecting prostitution. Gregory Laxos, a sociology professor at the Panteion University in Athens, told the "Times of London" the going rate for sex with a prostitute was 50 euros ($53) when the economic crisis began. Now, it's fallen to as low as two euros ($2.12) for a 30-minute session, or to a cheese pie, a sandwich because they are hungry. ](/news/2015/11/27/a-new-study-shows-greece-s-six-year-austerity-program-is-even-affecting-prostitution-gregory-laxos-a-sociology-professor-at-the-panteion-u.md) _Context: Greek, Greek government-debt crisis_
3. [Bundestag, the German lower house of parliament, approves Greece's bailout plan by 439-119 with 40 abstained. ](/news/2015/07/17/bundestag-the-german-lower-house-of-parliament-approves-greece-s-bailout-plan-by-439a119-with-40-abstained.md) _Context: Bundestag, Greek government-debt crisis_
4. [Greece becomes the first advanced economy to miss a payment to the International Monetary Fund in the 71-year history of the IMF, unwinding decades of precedent and affecting consequences for the fund's future rescues. ](/news/2015/07/1/greece-becomes-the-first-advanced-economy-to-miss-a-payment-to-the-international-monetary-fund-in-the-71-year-history-of-the-imf-unwinding.md) _Context: Greek, Greek government-debt crisis_
5. [The Greek bailout program by the European Union ends today with Greece failing to make a payment to the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2015/06/30/the-greek-bailout-program-by-the-european-union-ends-today-with-greece-failing-to-make-a-payment-to-the-international-monetary-fund.md) _Context: Greek, Greek government-debt crisis_
6. [The BBC reports that the European Central Bank will cap lending to Greece's struggling banks, causing the run on the nation's banks to become even worse. Next week a referendum will be held about leaving the Euro currency. ](/news/2015/06/28/the-bbc-reports-that-the-european-central-bank-will-cap-lending-to-greece-s-struggling-banks-causing-the-run-on-the-nation-s-banks-to-becom.md) _Context: Greek, Greek government-debt crisis_
7. [Eurozone finance ministers reject a request by Greece to extend debt negotiations past Tuesday's deadline. ](/news/2015/06/27/eurozone-finance-ministers-reject-a-request-by-greece-to-extend-debt-negotiations-past-tuesday-s-deadline.md) _Context: Greek, Greek government-debt crisis_
8. [Greece and its creditors harden their stances after the collapse of talks aimed at preventing a default. ](/news/2015/06/15/greece-and-its-creditors-harden-their-stances-after-the-collapse-of-talks-aimed-at-preventing-a-default.md) _Context: Greek, Greek government-debt crisis_
9. [The eurozone will pay out of 43.7 billion euros in loans to Greece from December 13 for reducing Greece's debt. ](/news/2012/11/27/the-eurozone-will-pay-out-of-43-7-billion-euros-in-loans-to-greece-from-december-13-for-reducing-greece-s-debt.md) _Context: Greek, Greek government-debt crisis_
10. [Antonis Samaras, leader of the New Democracy party in Greece, continues to negotiate with political rivals to form a coalition government, as Greece struggles to overcome its economic crisis. ](/news/2012/06/19/antonis-samaras-leader-of-the-new-democracy-party-in-greece-continues-to-negotiate-with-political-rivals-to-form-a-coalition-government-a.md) _Context: Greek, Greek government-debt crisis_
