### [2007-06-25](/news/2007/06/25/index.md)

#  Middle East leaders President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak, President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas, Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert, and King Abdullah II of Jordan meet to support Abbas' leadership of the Palestinian Authority. Olmert announces that he will release 250 Palestinian political prisoners as a gesture of goodwill. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/6235804.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A truce is declared between Israel and the Palestinian Authority.  Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, and Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel,  shook hands at a four-way summit at Sharm el-Sheikh that was also attended by Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Jordan's King Abdullah.  Palestinian organization Hamas says it is not bound by the ceasefire.  ](/news/2005/02/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-truce-is-declared-between-israel-and-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palest.md) _Context: Egyptian President, Hosni Mubarak, Israeli Prime Minister, Jordanian King, King Abdullah, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority, President of the Palestinian Authority_
2. [President of the United States Barack Obama meets with a range of Middle East leaders in pursuit of peace between Israel and Palestine, including Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu, President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas, King of Jordan Abdullah II and President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak. ](/news/2010/09/1/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-with-a-range-of-middle-east-leaders-in-pursuit-of-peace-between-israel-and-palestine-incl.md) _Context: Egyptian President, Hosni Mubarak, Israeli Prime Minister, Jordanian King, King Abdullah, Mahmoud Abbas, President of the Palestinian Authority_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert and the President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas are formally invited to the 2007 Mideast peace conference. ](/news/2007/11/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-the-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-and-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-are-fo.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israeli Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority, President of the Palestinian Authority_
4. [ The Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert and the President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas meet to discuss the establishment of a Palestinian state. ](/news/2007/08/6/the-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-and-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-meet-to-discuss-the-establishment-of.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israeli Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas, President of the Palestinian Authority_
5. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah and urges him to restart peace talks, before holding talks with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ](/news/2013/04/8/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-ramallah-and-urges-him-to-restart-peace-t.md) _Context: Israeli Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority_
6. [The President of Israel Shimon Peres and the President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak agree that Israel and the Palestinian Authority should hold direct talks. ](/news/2010/08/1/the-president-of-israel-shimon-peres-and-the-president-of-egypt-hosni-mubarak-agree-that-israel-and-the-palestinian-authority-should-hold-di.md) _Context: Egyptian President, Hosni Mubarak, Palestinian Authority_
7. [ The President of Egypt, Hosni Mubarak, invites the leaders of the Palestinian Authority, Israel, and Jordan to a summit on Sunday to discuss the Palestinian crisis. ](/news/2007/06/21/the-president-of-egypt-hosni-mubarak-invites-the-leaders-of-the-palestinian-authority-israel-and-jordan-to-a-summit-on-sunday-to-discus.md) _Context: Egyptian President, Hosni Mubarak, Palestinian Authority_
8. [ The Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert and the President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas agree to limited biweekly peace talks. ](/news/2007/03/27/the-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-and-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-agree-to-limited-biweekly-pe.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israeli Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas_
9. [ United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice meets with the Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert and the President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2007/02/19/united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-meets-with-the-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-and-the-president-of-the-palestinian.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israeli Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas_
10. [ Israeli radio reports that Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert said he plans to meet Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas in coming days. ](/news/2006/09/28/israeli-radio-reports-that-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-said-he-plans-to-meet-palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-coming-days.md) _Context: Ehud Olmert, Israeli Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas_
