### [2017-02-1](/news/2017/02/1/index.md)

# Israeli security forces begin evicting people from the illegal Amona, Mateh Binyamin, outpost built on private Palestinian-owned land near Ramallah in the central West Bank. The Supreme Court ordered residents to leave the area last year. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2017/02/01/middleeast/israel-settlements-approved/)

### Related:

1. [Israel passes the Regulation Law which retroactively legalizes 4,000 housing units in 16 settlements on Area C West Bank occupied Palestinian territories. ](/news/2017/02/6/israel-passes-the-regulation-law-which-retroactively-legalizes-4-000-housing-units-in-16-settlements-on-area-c-west-bank-occupied-palestinia.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
2. [ Israeli forces detain Palestinian Deputy Prime Minister Nasser al-Shaer in a raid on his home in the West Bank town of Ramallah. ](/news/2006/08/19/israeli-forces-detain-palestinian-deputy-prime-minister-nasser-al-shaer-in-a-raid-on-his-home-in-the-west-bank-town-of-ramallah.md) _Context: Israel, Ramallah, West Bank_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel has carried out a series of raids into the West Bank and the Gaza Strip. Two armed men were shot and killed in Ramallah, while four men were arrested in Gaza City. An Israeli civilian was also killed, and three Israeli soldiers were wounded following an Islamic Jihad attack on Morag, in the southern Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/01/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-has-carried-out-a-series-of-raids-into-the-west-bank-and-the-gaza-strip-two-armed-men-were-shot-and-k.md) _Context: Israel, Ramallah, West Bank_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian gunmen attack an Israeli army foot patrol near a West Bank village, kills three soldiers and wounds a fourth, rescue services and security sources state. Gunfire attacks near the Palestinian village of Ein Yabrud, east of the town of Ramallah, not far from the Israeli settlement of Ofra.](/news/2003/10/19/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-gunmen-attack-an-israeli-army-foot-patrol-near-a-west-bank-village-kills-three-soldiers-and-woun.md) _Context: Israel, Ramallah, West Bank_
5. [Israel ground troops invade the West Bank and Gaza Strip in her largest offensive since the 1982 invasion of Lebanon. Dozens of tanks occupy Ramallah. Thirty-seven total dead so far, Israeli and Palestinian.](/news/2002/03/12/israel-ground-troops-invade-the-west-bank-and-gaza-strip-in-her-largest-offensive-since-the-1982-invasion-of-lebanon-dozens-of-tanks-occupy.md) _Context: Israel, Ramallah, West Bank_
6. [An Israeli soldier is killed during a car ramming attack near Ofra, in the West Bank. Another Israeli soldier was injured. A Palestinian suspected of committing the attack is taken into custody. ](/news/2017/04/6/an-israeli-soldier-is-killed-during-a-car-ramming-attack-near-ofra-in-the-west-bank-another-israeli-soldier-was-injured-a-palestinian-sus.md) _Context: Israel, West Bank_
7. [The White House cautions Israel that building new settlements or expanding existing settlements in the West Bank, "... may not be helpful in achieving (peace)." ](/news/2017/02/2/the-white-house-cautions-israel-that-building-new-settlements-or-expanding-existing-settlements-in-the-west-bank-may-not-be-helpful-in.md) _Context: Israel, West Bank_
8. [Israel announces it will build an entirely new settlement in the West Bank for the first time in about twenty years. Many in the international community believe that such settlements are illegal but Israel disputes that. The settlement program is illegal under international law. ](/news/2017/02/1/israel-announces-it-will-build-an-entirely-new-settlement-in-the-west-bank-for-the-first-time-in-about-twenty-years-many-in-the-internation.md) _Context: Israel, West Bank_
9. [Israel approves the construction of 2,500 more new settlement homes in the West Bank, the most in years and the second time new homes were approved since Donald Trump was inaugurated as President of the United States. ](/news/2017/01/24/israel-approves-the-construction-of-2-500-more-new-settlement-homes-in-the-west-bank-the-most-in-years-and-the-second-time-new-homes-were-a.md) _Context: Israel, West Bank_
10. [The Israeli Supreme Court questions the demolition of convicted terrorists' homes by the Israeli government after claims that the practice is used against Palestinians and not Israelis. The government has 30 days to respond before the court makes a decision on the practice. ](/news/2016/11/25/the-israeli-supreme-court-questions-the-demolition-of-convicted-terrorists-homes-by-the-israeli-government-after-claims-that-the-practice-i.md) _Context: Israel, Supreme Court_
