
Formats: [HTML](/news/2017/02/1/police-cancel-a-scheduled-appearance-of-right-wing-provocateur-milo-yiannopoulos-on-uc-berkeley-due-to-hundreds-of-violent-protesters-on-cam.html)  [JSON](/news/2017/02/1/police-cancel-a-scheduled-appearance-of-right-wing-provocateur-milo-yiannopoulos-on-uc-berkeley-due-to-hundreds-of-violent-protesters-on-cam.json)  [XML](/news/2017/02/1/police-cancel-a-scheduled-appearance-of-right-wing-provocateur-milo-yiannopoulos-on-uc-berkeley-due-to-hundreds-of-violent-protesters-on-cam.xml)  

### [2017-02-1](/news/2017/02/1/index.md)

# Police cancel a scheduled appearance of right-wing provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos on UC Berkeley due to hundreds of violent protesters on campus. 

A protest at UC Berkeley over a scheduled appearance by right-wing provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos turned fiery and violent Wednesday night, prompting police to cancel the event and hustle the Breitbart News editor off campus. [...] even after the event’s cancellation, hundreds of protesters spilled off campus into the city streets, where the violence continued as they confronted drivers, engaged in fights, smashed storefront windows and set fires. Protesters decried President Trump’s policies as much as they did the visit by Yiannopoulos, a gay conservative who has been making the rounds at college campuses across the country with his “Dangerous Faggot” talks, specializing in remarks meant to insult, offend and disgust liberals who disagree with his ideas. Protesters outside the building began throwing fireworks and pulling down the metal barricades police set up to keep protesters from rushing inside. University police locked down all buildings and told people inside them to shelter in place, and later fired pepper balls and paint balls into the crowd of protesters who defied orders to leave the area. “This is what tolerance looks like at UC Berkeley,” Mike Wright of Berkeley College Republicans, the group that invited Yiannopoulos to the campus, said outside the student union building as smoke bombs went off around him. On Berkeley’s city streets, protesters took their rage against construction sites and businesses, smashing windows at banks and stores. In a letter to the campus community last week, Chancellor Nicholas Dirks said, “The U.S. Constitution prohibits UC Berkeley, as a public institution, from banning expression based on its content or viewpoints, even when those viewpoints are hateful or discriminatory.” Yiannopoulos was expected to use the event to kick off a campaign against “sanctuary campuses” that have vowed to protect students in the country illegally as President Trump cracks down on illegal immigration. In an interview with Fox News after Wednesday’s cancellation, the 32-year-old Yiannopoulos — a self-described “libertarian, gay, Trump-supporting provocateur” — said college campuses are places where “you should be able to engage with different ideas.” Three lines of zip-tied metal fencing separated the crowd of protesters from campus police officers who had secured the building where Yiannopoulos was supposed to speak. The protest turned violent around 6 p.m. when dozens of masked anarchists, dressed in black and wearing backpacks, emerged from the otherwise peaceful crowd. [...] they came in droves, as the dozens of university police officers in riot gear quickly retreated to an inner ring of fencing. Seizing the opportunity, the masked protesters ran toward the student center and breached the inner ring, picking up pieces of fencing and hurling them into the building’s windows. Carrying a thick black shield and wearing a milk-soaked kerchief over his face to protect against potential tear gas, Zombie said, “We’re anarchists.” Police soon declared an unlawful assembly and ordered everyone to leave, but hundreds of protesters stayed, filling the entire upper and lower plaza.


### Sources:

1. [San Francisco Chronicle](http://www.sfgate.com/bayarea/article/Protesters-storm-Milo-Yiannopoulos-event-at-UC-10901829.php)
1. [Cover Image](http://ww4.hdnux.com/photos/56/72/10/12296731/5/rawImage.jpg)

### Changes:

1. [2017 Berkeley protests: Police cancel a scheduled appearance of right-wing provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos on UC Berkeley due to hundreds of violent protesters on campus. ](/news/2017/02/1/2017-berkeley-protests-police-cancel-a-scheduled-appearance-of-right-wing-provocateur-milo-yiannopoulos-on-uc-berkeley-due-to-hundreds-of-v.md) _2017-08-27 03:47:44 (First version)_
1. [Police cancel a scheduled appearance of right-wing provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos on UC Berkeley due to hundreds of violent protesters on campus. ](/news/2017/02/1/police-cancel-a-scheduled-appearance-of-right-wing-provocateur-milo-yiannopoulos-on-uc-berkeley-due-to-hundreds-of-violent-protesters-on-cam.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Far-right protesters and thousands of far-left counter-protesters clash in Berkeley, California, leading to the arrest of at least 14 people. ](/news/2017/08/27/far-right-protesters-and-thousands-of-far-left-counter-protesters-clash-in-berkeley-california-leading-to-the-arrest-of-at-least-14-people.md) _Context: 2017 Berkeley protests_
2. [British journalist Milo Yiannopoulos resigns from his post as technology editor at Breitbart news, after controversy around his statements regarding underage sex. ](/news/2017/02/21/british-journalist-milo-yiannopoulos-resigns-from-his-post-as-technology-editor-at-breitbart-news-after-controversy-around-his-statements-r.md) _Context: Milo Yiannopoulos_
3. [British journalist Milo Yiannopoulos's invitation to speak at the 2017 Conservative Political Action Conference is rescinded, and publication of his book "Dangerous" by Simon & Schuster is cancelled after a video is posted allegedly containing statements of his condoning sexual relations with boys as young as thirteen. ](/news/2017/02/20/british-journalist-milo-yiannopoulos-s-invitation-to-speak-at-the-2017-conservative-political-action-conference-is-rescinded-and-publicatio.md) _Context: Milo Yiannopoulos_
4. [Breitbart tech editor and outspoken conservative gay activist Milo Yiannopoulos with more than 338,000 registered followers is "permanently" banned from Twitter. ](/news/2016/07/20/breitbart-tech-editor-and-outspoken-conservative-gay-activist-milo-yiannopoulos-with-more-than-338-000-registered-followers-is-permanently.md) _Context: Milo Yiannopoulos_
