## [2017-02-1](/news/2017/02/1/index.md)

### [Four alleged extremists planning terror attacks in Azerbaijan  are killed in a shootout with the country's security forces; one suspect is arrested. The State Security Service says the group  was connected to an unspecified religious extremist group abroad. ](/news/2017/02/1/four-alleged-extremists-planning-terror-attacks-in-azerbaijan-are-killed-in-a-shootout-with-the-country-s-security-forces-one-suspect-is-a.md)
_Context: Azerbaijan, country's security forces, shootout_

### [Negotiators reach a preliminary deal on capping mobile phone intercarrier (''wholesale'') tariffs. Roaming charges on voice and data calls for consumers within the EU are expected to be terminated on June 15, 2017. ](/news/2017/02/1/negotiators-reach-a-preliminary-deal-on-capping-mobile-phone-intercarrier-wholesale-tariffs-roaming-charges-on-voice-and-data-calls-f.md)
European lawmakers clinched a deal early on Wednesday to cap the wholesale charges mobile service operators pay each other to enable their customers to use their mobile phones in other European countries, paving the way for the abolition of roaming fees in June.

### [According to a report released by Malegapuru William Makgoba, 94 mentally ill patients in South Africa died from starvation, dehydration and diarrhea between March and December 2016 because of a "reckless" government attempt to save money by transferring the patients from a specialized institution to care centres with "invalid licenses". ](/news/2017/02/1/according-to-a-report-released-by-malegapuru-william-makgoba-94-mentally-ill-patients-in-south-africa-died-from-starvation-dehydration-and.md)
A &quot;reckless&quot; attempt to save cash leads to starvation and dehydration deaths, ombudsman says.

### [Iranian Minister of Defence Hossein Dehghan confirms Iran tested a new missile, claiming that the test did not violate the 2015 nuclear deal nor UN resolution 2231. ](/news/2017/02/1/iranian-minister-of-defence-hossein-dehghan-confirms-iran-tested-a-new-missile-claiming-that-the-test-did-not-violate-the-2015-nuclear-deal.md)
Iran said on Wednesday it had test-fired a new ballistic missile, prompting a tough response from a senior adviser to U.S. President Donald Trump.

### [Israel announces it will build an entirely new settlement in the West Bank for the first time in about twenty years. Many in the international community believe that such settlements are illegal but Israel disputes that. The settlement program is illegal under international law. ](/news/2017/02/1/israel-announces-it-will-build-an-entirely-new-settlement-in-the-west-bank-for-the-first-time-in-about-twenty-years-many-in-the-internation.md)
_Context: Israel, West Bank_

### [The United Kingdom's House of Commons backs the Brexit bill by 498 votes to 114. ](/news/2017/02/1/the-united-kingdom-s-house-of-commons-backs-the-brexit-bill-by-498-votes-to-114.md)
The House of Commons vote was a crucial hurdle on the way to the country&rsquo;s E.U. departure.&nbsp;

### [Israeli security forces begin evicting people from the illegal Amona, Mateh Binyamin, outpost built on private Palestinian-owned land near Ramallah in the central West Bank. The Supreme Court ordered residents to leave the area last year. ](/news/2017/02/1/israeli-security-forces-begin-evicting-people-from-the-illegal-amona-mateh-binyamin-outpost-built-on-private-palestinian-owned-land-near-r.md)
_Context: Amona, Mateh Binyamin, Israel, Palestinian, Ramallah, Supreme Court, West Bank, outpost_

### [A jury finds in favor of video game publisher ZeniMax Media after the trial of its copyright lawsuit against Oculus and Facebook, regarding virtual reality coding. [http://www.reuters.com/article/facebook-lawsuit-idUSL1N1FM229 (Reuters)].](/news/2017/02/1/a-jury-finds-in-favor-of-video-game-publisher-zenimax-media-after-the-trial-of-its-copyright-lawsuit-against-oculus-and-facebook-regarding.md)
_Context: Facebook, Oculus, ZeniMax Media, copyright, virtual reality_

### [Police cancel a scheduled appearance of right-wing provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos on UC Berkeley due to hundreds of violent protesters on campus. ](/news/2017/02/1/police-cancel-a-scheduled-appearance-of-right-wing-provocateur-milo-yiannopoulos-on-uc-berkeley-due-to-hundreds-of-violent-protesters-on-cam.md)
A protest at UC Berkeley over a scheduled appearance by right-wing provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos turned fiery and violent Wednesday night, prompting police to cancel the event and hustle the Breitbart News editor off campus. [...] even after the event’s cancellation, hundreds of protesters spilled off campus into the city streets, where the violence continued as they confronted drivers, engaged in fights, smashed storefront windows and set fires. Protesters decried President Trump’s policies as much as they did the visit by Yiannopoulos, a gay conservative who has been making the rounds at college campuses across the country with his “Dangerous Faggot” talks, specializing in remarks meant to insult, offend and disgust liberals who disagree with his ideas. Protesters outside the building began throwing fireworks and pulling down the metal barricades police set up to keep protesters from rushing inside. University police locked down all buildings and told people inside them to shelter in place, and later fired pepper balls and paint balls into the crowd of protesters who defied orders to leave the area. “This is what tolerance looks like at UC Berkeley,” Mike Wright of Berkeley College Republicans, the group that invited Yiannopoulos to the campus, said outside the student union building as smoke bombs went off around him. On Berkeley’s city streets, protesters took their rage against construction sites and businesses, smashing windows at banks and stores. In a letter to the campus community last week, Chancellor Nicholas Dirks said, “The U.S. Constitution prohibits UC Berkeley, as a public institution, from banning expression based on its content or viewpoints, even when those viewpoints are hateful or discriminatory.” Yiannopoulos was expected to use the event to kick off a campaign against “sanctuary campuses” that have vowed to protect students in the country illegally as President Trump cracks down on illegal immigration. In an interview with Fox News after Wednesday’s cancellation, the 32-year-old Yiannopoulos — a self-described “libertarian, gay, Trump-supporting provocateur” — said college campuses are places where “you should be able to engage with different ideas.” Three lines of zip-tied metal fencing separated the crowd of protesters from campus police officers who had secured the building where Yiannopoulos was supposed to speak. The protest turned violent around 6 p.m. when dozens of masked anarchists, dressed in black and wearing backpacks, emerged from the otherwise peaceful crowd. [...] they came in droves, as the dozens of university police officers in riot gear quickly retreated to an inner ring of fencing. Seizing the opportunity, the masked protesters ran toward the student center and breached the inner ring, picking up pieces of fencing and hurling them into the building’s windows. Carrying a thick black shield and wearing a milk-soaked kerchief over his face to protect against potential tear gas, Zombie said, “We’re anarchists.” Police soon declared an unlawful assembly and ordered everyone to leave, but hundreds of protesters stayed, filling the entire upper and lower plaza.

### [The United States Senate, in a 56-43 vote, confirms Rex Tillerson's nomination as United States Secretary of State. ](/news/2017/02/1/the-united-states-senate-in-a-56a43-vote-confirms-rex-tillerson-s-nomination-as-united-states-secretary-of-state.md)
Amid a tense and dramatic confirmation process for President Donald Trump&#039;s Cabinet picks, the Senate has confirmed former ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson to be the US Secretary of State. 

## [Previous Day...](/news/2017/01/31/index.md)

