### [2017-02-1](/news/2017/02/1/index.md)

# The United States Senate, in a 56-43 vote, confirms Rex Tillerson's nomination as United States Secretary of State. 

Amid a tense and dramatic confirmation process for President Donald Trump&#039;s Cabinet picks, the Senate has confirmed former ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson to be the US Secretary of State. 


### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/rex-tillerson-secretary-of-state-senate-confirms-exxon-mobil-russia-oil-climate-change-sanctions-a7558231.html)

### Related:

1. [United States Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says he thinks the longer term status of president Bashar al-Assad is to be "decided by the Syrian people". This appears as a policy shift, since under president Barack Obama's administration, the United States made the departure of Assad a key policy aim. ](/news/2017/03/30/united-states-secretary-of-state-rex-tillerson-says-he-thinks-the-longer-term-status-of-president-bashar-al-assad-is-to-be-decided-by-the-s.md) _Context: Rex Tillerson, United States Secretary of State_
2. [President-elect Donald Trump formally announces ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson as his choice for United States Secretary of State. ](/news/2016/12/13/president-elect-donald-trump-formally-announces-exxonmobil-ceo-rex-tillerson-as-his-choice-for-united-states-secretary-of-state.md) _Context: Rex Tillerson, United States Secretary of State_
3. [Democrat Ed Markey defeats Republican Gabriel E. Gomez in a Massachusetts special election to elect a senator to finish John Kerry's term. Kerry resigned in February to become Secretary of State.](/news/2013/06/25/democrat-ed-markey-defeats-republican-gabriel-e-gomez-in-a-massachusetts-special-election-to-elect-a-senator-to-finish-john-kerry-s-term-k.md) _Context: United States Secretary of State, United States senators_
4. [The United States Senate confirms John Kerry to become United States Secretary of State by a vote of 94-3. Kerry succeeds outgoing Secretary Hillary Clinton on February 1. ](/news/2013/01/29/the-united-states-senate-confirms-john-kerry-to-become-united-states-secretary-of-state-by-a-vote-of-94a3-kerry-succeeds-outgoing-secreta.md) _Context: United States Secretary of State, United States senators_
5. [U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Susan Rice withdraws her name from consideration to be nominated U.S. Secretary of State, following increasing opposition to her nomination by Republican members of the Senate. ](/news/2012/12/13/u-s-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-susan-rice-withdraws-her-name-from-consideration-to-be-nominated-u-s-secretary-of-state-following-in.md) _Context: United States Secretary of State, United States senators_
6. [ The United States Senate confirms Hillary Clinton as Secretary of State. ](/news/2009/01/21/the-united-states-senate-confirms-hillary-clinton-as-secretary-of-state.md) _Context: United States Secretary of State, United States senators_
7. [ The United States Senate Foreign Relations Committee begins confirmation hearings for Hillary Clinton's nomination as Secretary of State. ](/news/2009/01/13/the-united-states-senate-foreign-relations-committee-begins-confirmation-hearings-for-hillary-clinton-s-nomination-as-secretary-of-state.md) _Context: United States Secretary of State, United States senators_
8. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: United States senators_
9. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: United States senators_
10. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: United States senators_
