### [2015-02-22](/news/2015/02/22/index.md)

# Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: ISIS burns more than 8,000 rare books and manuscripts in Mosul, Iraq. 

More than 8,000 rare books and manuscripts – including books printed in Iraq’s first printing house in the 19th century – have been burned by Islamic State militants in Mosul, despite pleas from the public.


### Source:

1. [FOX News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2015/02/25/isis-burns-more-than-8000-rare-books-in-mosul/)

### Related:

1. [Battle of Mosul: The United Nations announces expansion of civilian camps for people fleeing Mosul, following resumption of airstrikes on ISIL-held portions of the Iraqi city. ](/news/2017/04/4/battle-of-mosul-the-united-nations-announces-expansion-of-civilian-camps-for-people-fleeing-mosul-following-resumption-of-airstrikes-on-is.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
2. [Battle of Mosul: Thousands of Iraqis flee western Mosul as the battle between Iraqi and allied forces and ISIL militants escalates in the densely populated Old City. ](/news/2017/03/18/battle-of-mosul-thousands-of-iraqis-flee-western-mosul-as-the-battle-between-iraqi-and-allied-forces-and-isil-militants-escalates-in-the-de.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
3. [U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph Dunford makes a proposal to President Barack Obama to increase the number of American troops in Iraq, so as to help the Iraqi Army with advisors closer to the front lines and to recapture Mosul, which fell to ISIL in June 2014. ](/news/2016/03/26/u-s-chairman-of-the-joint-chiefs-of-staff-joseph-dunford-makes-a-proposal-to-president-barack-obama-to-increase-the-number-of-american-troo.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Destruction of cultural heritage by ISIL: Satellite images released by the Associated Press reveal the historic Saint Elijah's Monastery near the Iraqi city of Mosul, the oldest Christian monastery in Iraq that predates Islam, has been completely razed by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. ](/news/2016/01/20/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-destruction-of-cultural-heritage-by-isil-satellite-images-released-by-the-associated-press-reveal-the-his.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
5. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): The Government of Iraq calls on Turkey to withdraw its troops from northern Iraq, near the Islamic State-controlled city of Mosul. Iraq's Foreign Ministry said Turkish forces had entered Iraqi territory without the knowledge of the central government in Baghdad. ](/news/2015/12/5/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-government-of-iraq-calls-on-turkey-to-withdraw-its-troops-from-northern-iraq-near-the-islamic-state-c.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
6. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Military intervention against ISIL: Around 20 people, including civilians and Islamic State militants, are killed in airstrikes on Mosul in northern Iraq. ](/news/2015/12/21/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-military-intervention-against-isil-around-20-people-including-civilians-and-islamic-state-militants-are.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
7. [Battle of Mosul (2016-17): Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declares the battle for Mosul over, after the majority of ISIL militants were defeated. ](/news/2017/07/10/battle-of-mosul-2016-17-iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-declares-the-battle-for-mosul-over-after-the-majority-of-isil-militants-w.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
8. [Battle of Mosul: Iraq Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi declares the end of the Islamic State's self-declared caliphate following the capture of the Great Mosque of al-Nuri in Mosul. ](/news/2017/06/29/battle-of-mosul-iraq-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-declares-the-end-of-the-islamic-state-s-self-declared-caliphate-following-the-capture-o.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
9. [Iraqi Civil War: Battle of Mosul: ISIL militants reportedly blow up the Great Mosque of al-Nuri in Mosul, where Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi famously proclaimed the creation of a caliphate in 2014. ISIL blames a U.S. airstrike. ](/news/2017/06/21/iraqi-civil-war-battle-of-mosul-isil-militants-reportedly-blow-up-the-great-mosque-of-al-nuri-in-mosul-where-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-famousl.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Mosul_
10. [Syrian Civil War: According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democr.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
