### [2015-02-22](/news/2015/02/22/index.md)

# Two former British foreign secretaries, Jack Straw and Sir Malcolm Rifkind become embroiled in a "cash for access" scandal. The two deny any wrongdoing and refer themselves to the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards Kathryn Hudson.

Two former foreign secretaries are exposed for their involvement in a new &ldquo;cash for access&rdquo; scandal.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-31580374?ns_mchannel=social&ns_campaign=bbc_breaking&ns_source=twitter&ns_linkname=news_central)
2. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/investigations/11411007/Jack-Straw-and-Sir-Malcolm-Rifkind-in-latest-cash-for-access-scandal.html)

### Related:

1. [ ''Premiership of Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' In a major Cabinet reshuffle, every person's post is changed, bar one. Alistair Darling becomes Chancellor of the Exchequer, David Miliband becomes Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, and Jacqui Smith becomes the first female Secretary of State for the Home Department. Alan Johnson takes Health, Jack Straw takes Justice and First Secretary of State, Hilary Benn takes Environment, Des Browne remains as Defence Secretary but also becomes Secretary of State for Scotland, and Ruth Kelly takes Transport. Douglas Alexander takes Secretary of State for International Development; Peter Hain remains Secretary of State for Wales but also becomes Work and Pensions Secretary; Shaun Woodward becomes Northern Ireland Secretary; John Hutton takes Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform Secretary; Hazel Blears takes Communities Secretary and Minister for Equality; James Purnell takes Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families; and Tessa Jowell becomes Minister for the Olympics and will only attend Cabinet when required. Baroness Ashton becomes Leader of the House of Lords; Harriet Harman&mdash;Labour's deputy leader&mdash;becomes Leader of the House of Commons and Minister for Women; whilst Ed Balls becomes Children, Schools and Families Secretary. John Denham becomes Innovation, University and Skills Secretary; and Baroness Scotland becomes the new Attorney General of England and Wales. The Cabinet is set to change. ](/news/2007/06/28/premiership-of-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-in-a-major-cabinet-reshuffle-every-person-s-post-is-changed-bar-one-p-alistair-darling.md) _Context: Jack Straw, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
2. [ Following significant Labour Party losses in the English local elections, British Prime Minister Tony Blair announces the largest Cabinet reshuffle of his tenure. The  changes include sacking embattled Home Secretary Charles Clarke, the demotion of long-serving Foreign Secretary Jack Straw, and the stripping from Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott of his departmental portfolio. ](/news/2006/05/5/following-significant-labour-party-losses-in-the-english-local-elections-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-announces-the-largest-cabinet-r.md) _Context: Jack Straw, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
3. [ British Foreign Minister Jack Straw announces that Iran has renewed its promise to refrain from developing nuclear weapons, and talks on its atomic program will continue following a meeting between Iranian nuclear officials and European Union ministers in Geneva. ](/news/2005/05/26/british-foreign-minister-jack-straw-announces-that-iran-has-renewed-its-promise-to-refrain-from-developing-nuclear-weapons-and-talks-on-it.md) _Context: Jack Straw, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
4. [ Amid continuing unrest In Uzbekistan, the city of Andijan is sealed. British Foreign Secretary Jack Straw says there has been "a clear abuse of human rights" in Uzbekistan. ](/news/2005/05/15/amid-continuing-unrest-in-uzbekistan-the-city-of-andijan-is-sealed-british-foreign-secretary-jack-straw-says-there-has-been-a-clear-abus.md) _Context: Jack Straw, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
5. [The British people vote locally. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-british-people-vote-locally.md) _Context: British people_
6. [Formation of the The new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Theresa May begins forming her ministry following the end of the Second Cameron ministry. The former Mayor of London Boris Johnson is appointed Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, Philip Hammond is appointed as Chancellor of the Exchequer, Amber Rudd is appointed Home Secretary filling Theresa May's former position, Liam Fox is appointed as Secretary of State for International Trade and David Davis is appointed as minister for the newly created Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/13/formation-of-the-the-new-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-theresa-may-begins-forming-her-ministry-following-the-end-of-the-second-camero.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
7. [U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's ''Daily Telegraph'', urges Britons  to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to-keep-the-u-k-in-the-european-union-tomorrow-o.md) _Context: British people_
8. [All four members of the British indie band Viola Beach and their manager die in a road accident near Stockholm, Sweden. ](/news/2016/02/14/all-four-members-of-the-british-indie-band-viola-beach-and-their-manager-die-in-a-road-accident-near-stockholm-sweden.md) _Context: British people_
9. [New research by a team of British archaeologists, published in the current issue of the journal ''Antiquity'', revives an older theory of Herbert Henry Thomas that Stonehenge may have stood in Wales hundreds of years before it was dismantled and transported to Salisbury Plain in Wiltshire in South West England. ](/news/2015/12/8/new-research-by-a-team-of-british-archaeologists-published-in-the-current-issue-of-the-journal-antiquity-revives-an-older-theory-of-he.md) _Context: British people_
10. [Egyptologists announce that radar scans indicate an empty space behind King Tutankhamun's tomb. British archaeologist Dr. Nicholas Reeves speculates  if a second chamber exists, it could be Queen Nefertiti's long-lost burial place. Antiquities Minister Mamdouh Eldamaty says work inside the tomb will not begin until all the data from the radar and infrared devices are carefully analyzed by Japanese experts. ](/news/2015/11/28/egyptologists-announce-that-radar-scans-indicate-an-empty-space-behind-king-tutankhamun-s-tomb-british-archaeologist-dr-nicholas-reeves-sp.md) _Context: British people_
