### [2006-03-24](/news/2006/03/24/index.md)

#  President Roh Moo-hyun nominates Han Myung-Sook to become the South Korea's first woman prime minister. 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=worldNews&storyID=2006-03-24T093434Z_01_SEO159135_RTRUKOC_0_US-KOREA-POLITICS.xml&archived=False)

### Related:

1. [Impeachment process against Park Geun-hye: South Korean lawmakers impeach President Park Geun-hye by a 234-56 vote. Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn, a staunch defender of Ms. Park, will serve as acting president. South Korea's Constitutional Court has up to 180 days to render a final decision. ](/news/2016/12/9/impeachment-process-against-park-geun-hye-south-korean-lawmakers-impeach-president-park-geun-hye-by-a-234-56-vote-prime-minister-hwang-k.md) _Context: President of South Korea, Prime Minister, South Korea_
2. [ Former President Roh Moo-hyun's state funeral is held in Seoul, South Korea. ](/news/2009/05/29/former-president-roh-moo-hyun-s-state-funeral-is-held-in-seoul-south-korea.md) _Context: President of South Korea, Roh Moo-hyun, South Korea_
3. [ Former South Korean President Roh Moo-hyun commits suicide. ](/news/2009/05/23/former-south-korean-president-roh-moo-hyun-commits-suicide.md) _Context: President of South Korea, Roh Moo-hyun, South Korea_
4. [ South Korean Unification Minister Lee Jong-Seok resigns. Defence Minister Yoon Kwang-Ung had resigned earlier in the week with the President of South Korea Roh Moo-Hyun expected to announce changes in his foreign policy and defence advisers soon. ](/news/2006/10/25/south-korean-unification-minister-lee-jong-seok-resigns-defence-minister-yoon-kwang-ung-had-resigned-earlier-in-the-week-with-the-presiden.md) _Context: President of South Korea, Roh Moo-hyun, South Korea_
5. [2016 South Korean political scandal: Authorities arrest Impeached South Korean President Park Geun-hye on charges of bribery, abuse of authority, coercion, and leaking government secrets. ](/news/2017/03/30/2016-south-korean-political-scandal-authorities-arrest-impeached-south-korean-president-park-geun-hye-on-charges-of-bribery-abuse-of-autho.md) _Context: President of South Korea, South Korea_
6. [Impeachment of Park Geun-hye: South Korea's Constitutional Court upholds the impeachment of President Park Geun-hye, removing her from office. Hwang Kyo-ahn assumes powers as Acting President. ](/news/2017/03/10/impeachment-of-park-geun-hye-south-korea-s-constitutional-court-upholds-the-impeachment-of-president-park-geun-hye-removing-her-from-offic.md) _Context: President of South Korea, South Korea_
7. [2016 South Korean political scandal: A court in South Korea strikes down a request by prosecutors to issue an arrest warrant for Samsung vice chairman Lee Jae-yong, who is accused of bribery and embezzlement, in connection to a corruption scandal involving impeached President Park Geun-hye. ](/news/2017/01/19/2016-south-korean-political-scandal-a-court-in-south-korea-strikes-down-a-request-by-prosecutors-to-issue-an-arrest-warrant-for-samsung-vic.md) _Context: President of South Korea, South Korea_
8. [2016 South Korean political scandal: South Korean prosecutors issue an arrest warrant for Lee Jae-yong, a senior executive in the Samsung Group, in relation to the political scandal that has led to the impeachment of Park Geun-hye, the President of South Korea. ](/news/2017/01/16/2016-south-korean-political-scandal-south-korean-prosecutors-issue-an-arrest-warrant-for-lee-jae-yong-a-senior-executive-in-the-samsung-gr.md) _Context: President of South Korea, South Korea_
9. [Impeachment process against President Park Geun-hye: The South Korean National Assembly begins hearings ahead of an impeachment vote against President Park Geun-Hye. ](/news/2016/12/5/impeachment-process-against-president-park-geun-hye-the-south-korean-national-assembly-begins-hearings-ahead-of-an-impeachment-vote-against.md) _Context: President of South Korea, South Korea_
10. [2016 South Korean political scandal: South Korean prosecutors raid the offices of Samsung Electronics as part of a ongoing probe into President Park Geun-hye's controversial association with Choi Soon-sil. Yonhap News Agency reports prosecutors are investigating whether Samsung improperly provided financial assistance to Choi's daughter, Chung Yoo-ra. ](/news/2016/11/8/2016-south-korean-political-scandal-south-korean-prosecutors-raid-the-offices-of-samsung-electronics-as-part-of-a-ongoing-probe-into-presid.md) _Context: President of South Korea, South Korea_
