### [2017-02-6](/news/2017/02/6/index.md)

# An Afghan diplomat is shot dead at the Afghan consulate in Karachi, Pakistan. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-pakistan-afghanistan-shooting-idUSKBN15L0RN)

### Related:

1. [War in North-West Pakistan: Gunmen raid a Pakistani military post near the border with Afghanistan, killing at least eight people. Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, a faction of Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, claim responsibility. ](/news/2017/03/17/war-in-north-west-pakistan-gunmen-raid-a-pakistani-military-post-near-the-border-with-afghanistan-killing-at-least-eight-people-jamaat-ul.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan_
2. [Heavy snow and avalanches kill dozens of people in Afghanistan and northern Pakistan, while Kabul International Airport is closed due to snow and ice on the runway. ](/news/2017/02/5/heavy-snow-and-avalanches-kill-dozens-of-people-in-afghanistan-and-northern-pakistan-while-kabul-international-airport-is-closed-due-to-sno.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan_
3. [At least 22 people have been killed and 65 injured following a collision of the Bahauddin Zakaria Express with a stationary train at Juma Goth Train station, Karachi, Pakistan. ](/news/2016/11/3/at-least-22-people-have-been-killed-and-65-injured-following-a-collision-of-the-bahauddin-zakaria-express-with-a-stationary-train-at-juma-go.md) _Context: Karachi, Pakistan_
4. [Sectarianism in Pakistan: Five people are killed and several other civilians injured as armed terrorists, targeting Shia Muslims, open fire on participants of a Majlis at a home in the Nazimabad district of Karachi, Pakistan. ](/news/2016/10/29/sectarianism-in-pakistan-five-people-are-killed-and-several-other-civilians-injured-as-armed-terrorists-targeting-shia-muslims-open-fire.md) _Context: Karachi, Pakistan_
5. [19th SAARC summit: Members of the 19th South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) summit, scheduled to be held in Pakistan during November 2016, postpone the meeting following a Indian-led boycott, including Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Bhutan in response to Pakistan's alleged involvement in a deadly terrorist attack on a Indian Army base in Uri, Jammu and Kashmir, on September 18. ](/news/2016/09/28/19th-saarc-summit-members-of-the-19th-south-asian-association-for-regional-cooperation-saarc-summit-scheduled-to-be-held-in-pakistan-dur.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan_
6. [Afghanistan-Pakistan skirmishes: Afghan and Pakistani soldiers clash at the Torkham border crossing between the two countries, leaving one Afghan soldier and a Pakistani major killed. At least 22 other people were also injured. Tensions between Afghanistan and Pakistan have grown since the latter's attempts to build a gate at the crossing. ](/news/2016/06/14/afghanistan-pakistan-skirmishes-afghan-and-pakistani-soldiers-clash-at-the-torkham-border-crossing-between-the-two-countries-leaving-one.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan_
7. [Taliban insurgency: The Taliban's Qatar office confirms its leaders are in Pakistan to talk about Afghan refugees and the release of prisoners. The representative did not say if the delegation will discuss the peace process. ](/news/2016/04/27/taliban-insurgency-the-taliban-s-qatar-office-confirms-its-leaders-are-in-pakistan-to-talk-about-afghan-refugees-and-the-release-of-prisone.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan_
8. [ A Pakistani police officer accidentally detonates a grenade in an anti-terrorism court in Karachi, injuring himself and a court assistant. The officer was attempting to demonstrate a grenade detonator to a judge and said the grenade was defused before pulling the pin. ](/news/2016/04/12/a-pakistani-police-officer-accidentally-detonates-a-grenade-in-an-anti-terrorism-court-in-karachi-injuring-himself-and-a-court-assistant.md) _Context: Karachi, Pakistan_
9. [2016 Afghanistan earthquake: A 6.6 magnitude earthquake occurs in northern Afghanistan near the Pakistan border with tremors felt in north India. ](/news/2016/04/10/2016-afghanistan-earthquake-a-6-6-magnitude-earthquake-occurs-in-northern-afghanistan-near-the-pakistan-border-with-tremors-felt-in-north-i.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan_
10. [Taliban insurgency: The Afghan Taliban releases a statement rejecting peace talks with the government of Afghanistan until foreign forces stop attacking their positions and withdraw from the country. Direct peace talks between the government and the Taliban were expected to take place in Islamabad, Pakistan next week. ](/news/2016/03/5/taliban-insurgency-the-afghan-taliban-releases-a-statement-rejecting-peace-talks-with-the-government-of-afghanistan-until-foreign-forces-st.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan_
