### [2017-02-6](/news/2017/02/6/index.md)

# Brazilian President Michel Temer deploys the Brazilian Army to the southeastern state of Espirito Santo, where a police strike has led to a wave of violence and looting, including dozens of murders in the state capital, Vitoria. 

As many as 50 people have died in crimewave, according to local reports, as Espirito Santo police stopped work over pay dispute amid worst recession


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-brazil-violence-espirito-santo-idUSKBN15L26A)
2. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/feb/06/brazil-police-strike-crimewave-troops-espirito-santo)
2. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/39c3f634d219c5524dbc35ae052867959ad640ab/0_78_3500_2100/master/3500.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=84e3217d0f2842bbc6dd4e089b64ff12)

### Related:

1. [Brazilian President Michel Temer abolishes the 46,000 sq km National Reserve of Copper and Associates (Renca) ecological reserve, which spans the borders of Amapa and Para states in northern Brazil. More than 20 domestic and multinational firms have expressed an interest in accessing the area's deposits of gold, copper, tantalum, iron ore, nickel and manganese. ](/news/2017/08/25/brazilian-president-michel-temer-abolishes-the-46-000-sq-km-national-reserve-of-copper-and-associates-renca-ecological-reserve-which-span.md) _Context: Michel Temer, President_
2. [Brazil's Superior Electoral Court reopens the illegal campaign funding case against President Michel Temer, who was the vice presidential candidate on former President Dilma Rousseff's ticket in 2014. Temer became president in August 2016 when Rousseff was impeached, and could be unseated if the court annuls the Rousseff-Temer election victory. ](/news/2017/06/6/brazil-s-superior-electoral-court-reopens-the-illegal-campaign-funding-case-against-president-michel-temer-who-was-the-vice-presidential-ca.md) _Context: Michel Temer, President_
3. [Brazilian President Michel Temer is charged with corruption by Prosecutor General Rodrigo Janot. The case will now go to the Supreme Federal Court. ](/news/2017/06/27/brazilian-president-michel-temer-is-charged-with-corruption-by-prosecutor-general-rodrigo-janot-the-case-will-now-go-to-the-supreme-federal.md) _Context: Michel Temer, President_
4. [Protestors set fire to the Ministry of Agriculture headquarters in Brasilia amid calls for the impeachment or resignation of Michel Temer as President of Brazil over allegations of corruption. ](/news/2017/05/24/protestors-set-fire-to-the-ministry-of-agriculture-headquarters-in-brasalia-amid-calls-for-the-impeachment-or-resignation-of-michel-temer-a.md) _Context: Michel Temer, President_
5. [The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court releases a plea bargain testimony from JBS S.A., revealing that the company paid 500 million reais in bribes to politicians, including current President Michel Temer and his predecessors Dilma and Lula. ](/news/2017/05/19/the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-releases-a-plea-bargain-testimony-from-jbs-s-a-revealing-that-the-company-paid-500-million-reais-in-br.md) _Context: Michel Temer, President_
6. [Brazilian Minister Geddel Vieira Lima resigns following allegations he and President Michel Temer pressured a fellow cabinet minister into approving a real estate project. ](/news/2016/11/25/brazilian-minister-geddel-vieira-lima-resigns-following-allegations-he-and-president-michel-temer-pressured-a-fellow-cabinet-minister-into-a.md) _Context: Michel Temer, President_
7. [Marco Aurelio Mello, a Supreme Federal Court judge orders Brazil's Chamber of Deputies to start impeachment proceedings against Vice President Michel Temer over charges he helped doctor budget accounting as part of President Dilma Rousseff's administration. ](/news/2016/04/5/marco-aura-c-lio-mello-a-supreme-federal-court-judge-orders-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-to-start-impeachment-proceedings-against-vice-presid.md) _Context: Michel Temer, President_
8. [ President Dilma Rousseff, speaking with teachers and students, says Vice President Michel Temer and Chamber of Deputies Speaker Eduardo Cunha are jointly plotting her downfall. The two men are in line to succeed her if she is impeached. ](/news/2016/04/12/president-dilma-rousseff-speaking-with-teachers-and-students-says-vice-president-michel-temer-and-chamber-of-deputies-speaker-eduardo-cun.md) _Context: Michel Temer, President_
9. [Brazilian police raid the home of ex-President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva in relation to the Petrobras scandal. Lula is brought in for questioning. ](/news/2016/03/4/brazilian-police-raid-the-home-of-ex-president-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-in-relation-to-the-petrobras-scandal-lula-is-brought-in-for-quest.md) _Context: President, police_
10. [Brazilian prosecutor Rodrigo Janot files charges in the Supreme Court against officials in President Michel Temer's Brazilian Democratic Movement Party accusing them of forming a criminal organization. Earlier the Court said, next week, it will consider Temer's request to block Janot from issuing further charges. ](/news/2017/09/8/brazilian-prosecutor-rodrigo-janot-files-charges-in-the-supreme-court-against-officials-in-president-michel-temeras-brazilian-democratic-m.md) _Context: Michel Temer_
