### [2013-06-21](/news/2013/06/21/index.md)

# A gunman opens fire at a law firm and a Walmart in Greenville, North Carolina, U.S., injuring four people. The gunman is later shot by the police and brought into custody after being wounded. 

A man with a shotgun wounded one person at a Greenville, N.C., law firm on Friday before crossing a busy street and shooting three more people in a Wal-Mart parking lot, police said.


### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-504083_162-57590482-504083/north-carolina-shooting-4-injured-near-greenville-n.c-wal-mart-suspect-in-custody-report-says/)
2. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/nation/2013/06/21/north-carolina-walmart-shooting-greenville/2446961/)

### Related:

1. [Human trafficking in the United States: Nine men are found dead inside a tractor-trailer parked outside a Walmart store in the American city of San Antonio, Texas, in what authorities call a case of "ruthless" human trafficking. Thirty people, many in critical condition and suffering from heat stroke and exhaustion, were removed from the non-air conditioned trailer which also lacked a water supply. ](/news/2017/07/23/human-trafficking-in-the-united-states-nine-men-are-found-dead-inside-a-tractor-trailer-parked-outside-a-walmart-store-in-the-american-city.md) _Context: Walmart_
2. [North Carolina's congressional districts: The United States Supreme Court rejects two of North Carolina's congressional districts because they violated the Constitution by relying too heavily on race in drawing them. ](/news/2017/05/22/north-carolina-s-congressional-districts-the-united-states-supreme-court-rejects-two-of-north-carolina-s-congressional-districts-because-th.md) _Context: North Carolina_
3. [Voter ID laws in the United States: The U.S. Supreme Court rules that the North Carolina state legislative members do not have standing to request an appeal of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ruling against a law which it found discriminated against black voters. ](/news/2017/05/15/voter-id-laws-in-the-united-states-the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-the-north-carolina-state-legislative-members-do-not-have-standing-to-r.md) _Context: North Carolina_
4. [North Carolina House Bill 2: The state legislature of North Carolina repeals the Public Facilities Privacy & Security Act, more commonly known as the "transgender bathroom bill." In its place, the legislature enacts a ban on cities in North Carolina from enacting "civil rights" protections for gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people through 2020. ](/news/2017/03/30/north-carolina-house-bill-2-the-state-legislature-of-north-carolina-repeals-the-public-facilities-privacy-security-act-more-commonly-kno.md) _Context: North Carolina_
5. [North Carolina gubernatorial election, 2016: Recounts begin in North Carolina. ](/news/2016/12/1/north-carolina-gubernatorial-election-2016-recounts-begin-in-north-carolina.md) _Context: North Carolina_
6. [North Carolina gubernatorial election, 2016: The recount in North Carolina continues amid pressure towards Republican candidate Pat McCrory to accept his defeat by Democratic nominee Roy Cooper. ](/news/2016/11/30/north-carolina-gubernatorial-election-2016-the-recount-in-north-carolina-continues-amid-pressure-towards-republican-candidate-pat-mccrory.md) _Context: North Carolina_
7. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Matthew, responsible for killing 13 people and knocking out power to 2.2 million households and businesses in the Southeastern United States, is now a Category 1 hurricane (75 mph;120 km/h winds) approaching the North Carolina coast. ](/news/2016/10/8/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-responsible-for-killing-13-people-and-knocking-out-power-to-2-2-million-households-and-bu.md) _Context: North Carolina_
8. [Hurricane Matthew: The death toll in North Carolina rises to 22 as flood waters continue to rise. Governor Pat McCrory says places that had a foot of water in the morning, were under 12 feet of water. ](/news/2016/10/13/hurricane-matthew-the-death-toll-in-north-carolina-rises-to-22-as-flood-waters-continue-to-rise-governor-pat-mccrory-says-places-that-had.md) _Context: North Carolina_
9. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Matthew: The death toll in the United States from Hurricane Matthew rises to 27 with at least five people still missing in North Carolina. Governor Pat McCrory warns that the state's swollen rivers are still rising with flooding continuing to pose threats to life and property this week. The storm, downgraded to a post-tropical cyclone yesterday, moves away from the U.S. coastline on an east-northeast track. ](/news/2016/10/10/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-the-death-toll-in-the-united-states-from-hurricane-matthew-rises-to-27-with-at-least-five.md) _Context: North Carolina_
10. [2016 Southeastern United States gasoline shortage: The U.S. states of North Carolina and Virginia declare a state of emergency over gas shortages as a result of the Colonial pipeline leak in Shelby County, Alabama. ](/news/2016/09/19/2016-southeastern-united-states-gasoline-shortage-the-u-s-states-of-north-carolina-and-virginia-declare-a-state-of-emergency-over-gas-shor.md) _Context: North Carolina_
