### [2013-06-21](/news/2013/06/21/index.md)

# A Jewish Israeli man is shot dead near Jerusalem's Western Wall after a guard mistakes him for a Palestinian militant after hearing him shout "Allahu Akbar". 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-22998915#)

### Related:

1. [ 2017 Jerusalem Light Rail stabbing: A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/2017-jerusalem-light-rail-stabbing-a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-tw.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem, Palestinian_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel destroys the homes of three Palestinian terrorists. Rassen and Udai abu-Jamal who committed the 2014 Jerusalem synagogue attack and Moatez Hijazi who committed the excavator rampage in Jerusalem during the 2014 Israel-Gaza conflict. ](/news/2015/10/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-destroys-the-homes-of-three-palestinian-terrorists-rassen-and-udai-abu-jamal-who-committed-the-2014.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem, Palestinian_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel deploys an extra 800 Israeli police officers as Palestinians call for a "day of rage" protests in Jerusalem over entry restrictions to Al-Aqsa mosque. A police vehicle in Jerusalem was attacked with assault rifle fire. ](/news/2015/09/18/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-deploys-an-extra-800-israeli-police-officers-as-palestinians-call-for-a-day-of-rage-protests-in-jer.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem, Palestinian_
4. [Israel revokes permits for 500 Palestinians from the Gaza Strip to enter Jerusalem for Friday prayers following a rocket attack on southern Israel. ](/news/2015/06/24/israel-revokes-permits-for-500-palestinians-from-the-gaza-strip-to-enter-jerusalem-for-friday-prayers-following-a-rocket-attack-on-southern.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem, Palestinian_
5. [ The Israel Police kill a Palestinian militant after he rammed a bulldozer into a squad car and a bus in a suspected terror attack in Jerusalem. ](/news/2009/03/5/the-israel-police-kill-a-palestinian-militant-after-he-rammed-a-bulldozer-into-a-squad-car-and-a-bus-in-a-suspected-terror-attack-in-jerusa.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem, Palestinian_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:: Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220914.stm (BBC)] [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/621804.html (Haaretz)]: The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220300.stm (BBC)], [http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)]: The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the -internal conflict- at the Likud party. ([http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem, Palestinian_
7. [ Israel has announced plans to add 3,500 homes to the Ma'ale Adummim settlement in occupied territories east of Jerusalem. Chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erekat said this would "sabotage" peace efforts. ](/news/2005/03/21/israel-has-announced-plans-to-add-3-500-homes-to-the-ma-ale-adummim-settlement-in-occupied-territories-east-of-jerusalem-chief-palestinian.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem, Palestinian_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: The Israeli government says it will remove metal detectors and some cameras recently installed at the entrances to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem that resulted in a wave of protests and some deaths. Instead, less obtrusive surveillance means will be used. ](/news/2017/07/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-the-israeli-government-says-it-will-remove-metal-detectors-and-some-cameras-recent.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem_
9. [2017 Amman incident: A shooting at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's Al-Aqsa Mosque. Another Jordanian man was killed inadvertently. ](/news/2017/07/23/2017-amman-incident-a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordania.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem_
