### [2003-12-22](/news/2003/12/22/index.md)

#  A list of people who have declined a British honour was leaked to "The Sunday Times". The list includes David Bowie, David Hockney, Aldous Huxley, Nigella Lawson, and Harold Pinter. 




### Related:

1. [59th Annual Grammy Awards: Adele wins the Record of the Year and Song of the Year for "Hello" and Album of the Year for "25". Chance the Rapper wins the Grammy Award for Best New Artist. David Bowie wins four posthumous awards, two for his final studio album "Blackstar" and two for its title track. ](/news/2017/02/12/59th-annual-grammy-awards-adele-wins-the-record-of-the-year-and-song-of-the-year-for-hello-and-album-of-the-year-for-25-chance-the-rap.md) _Context: David Bowie_
2. [British musician and actor David Bowie dies from cancer, aged 69. ](/news/2016/01/10/british-musician-and-actor-david-bowie-dies-from-cancer-aged-69.md) _Context: David Bowie_
3. [2014 BRIT Awards: The BRIT awards are held at The O2 Arena in London with David Bowie winning Best Solo British Male Artist, Ellie Goulding winning Best Female British Solo Artist and the Arctic Monkeys winning best British Group. ](/news/2014/02/19/2014-brit-awards-the-brit-awards-are-held-at-the-o2-arena-in-london-with-david-bowie-winning-best-solo-british-male-artist-ellie-goulding.md) _Context: David Bowie_
4. ["R v Grillo and Grillo:: British food writer Nigella Lawson's alleged drug use can be included in the lawsuit, the high court says. ](/news/2013/12/19/r-v-grillo-and-grillo-british-food-writer-nigella-lawson-s-alleged-drug-use-can-be-included-in-the-lawsuit-the-high-court-says.md) _Context: Nigella Lawson_
5. [Italian sisters Francesca and Elisabetta Grillo accuse celebrity chef Nigella Lawson and businessman Charles Saatchi of treating them as "worse than Filipino slaves". ](/news/2013/11/28/italian-sisters-francesca-and-elisabetta-grillo-accuse-celebrity-chef-nigella-lawson-and-businessman-charles-saatchi-of-treating-them-as-wo.md) _Context: Nigella Lawson_
6. [Queen Elizabeth II appoints former Prime Minister of Australia John Howard and British painter David Hockney to the Order of Merit. ](/news/2012/01/1/queen-elizabeth-ii-appoints-former-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-and-british-painter-david-hockney-to-the-order-of-merit.md) _Context: David Hockney_
7. [David Bowie and Sir Elton John are among those to publicly mourn the death of Lesley Duncan, who also appeared on albums by Pink Floyd and Dusty Springfield. ](/news/2010/03/20/david-bowie-and-sir-elton-john-are-among-those-to-publicly-mourn-the-death-of-lesley-duncan-who-also-appeared-on-albums-by-pink-floyd-and-d.md) _Context: David Bowie_
8. [ The Sunday Times (UK) reports that Israel has drawn up plans to possibly destroy Iran's uranium enrichment facilities with tactical nuclear weapons in the event that U.S. intervention does not occur, and non-nuclear strikes are ruled out. Iran has responded saying that "anyone who attacks will regret their actions very quickly." Israel denies such plans were made.](/news/2007/01/6/the-sunday-times-uk-reports-that-israel-has-drawn-up-plans-to-possibly-destroy-iran-s-uranium-enrichment-facilities-with-tactical-nuclear.md) _Context: The Sunday Times (UK)_
9. [ Nobel Prize in Literature winner Harold Pinter accuses Britain and the United States of engaging in state terrorism in Iraq and demands the prosecution of George W. Bush and Tony Blair. ](/news/2005/12/7/nobel-prize-in-literature-winner-harold-pinter-accuses-britain-and-the-united-states-of-engaging-in-state-terrorism-in-iraq-and-demands-the.md) _Context: Harold Pinter_
10. [ The other 2005 Nobel Prizes are handed out in Stockholm to Barry J. Marshall and Robin Warren (Physiology or Medicine), Roy J. Glauber and John L. Hall and Theodor W. Hnsch (Physics), Robert H. Grubbs, Richard R. Schrock and Yves Chauvin (Chemistry), Robert J. Aumann and Thomas C. Schelling (Economics), and Harold Pinter (Literature). ](/news/2005/12/10/the-other-2005-nobel-prizes-are-handed-out-in-stockholm-to-barry-j-marshall-and-robin-warren-physiology-or-medicine-roy-j-glauber-and.md) _Context: Harold Pinter_
