### [2003-12-22](/news/2003/12/22/index.md)

#  After getting FCC approval on December 19, News Corporation Ltd. completed a US$7.6 billion cash and stock deal to buy control of Hughes Electronics and its DirecTV satellite television division from General Motors. [http://www.hughes.com/ir/pr/03_12_22_gmh.asp]




### Related:

1. [The Federal Communications Commission votes to overturn a 2015 ruling requiring net neutrality. ](/news/2017/05/19/the-federal-communications-commission-votes-to-overturn-a-2015-ruling-requiring-net-neutrality.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
2. [A U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit three-judge panel upholds the Federal Communications Commission's net neutrality rules that prohibit broadband providers from giving or selling access to faster internet service to selected customers. ](/news/2016/06/14/a-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-district-of-columbia-circuit-three-judge-panel-upholds-the-federal-communications-commission-s-net-neutralit.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
3. [The United States Federal Communications Commission announces an expansion of the federal Lifeline program, which currently offers monthly subsidies for phone and basic cell service, to include broadband Internet service, pending approval at the Commissioners' March 31 meeting. ](/news/2016/03/8/the-united-states-federal-communications-commission-announces-an-expansion-of-the-federal-lifeline-program-which-currently-offers-monthly-s.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
4. [U.S. Federal Communications Commissioner Michael O'Rielly says, during a speech at the American Action Forum, that Netflix's admission last week that it has been intentionally slowing its video streaming transmission on some wireless mobile carriers for five years "deeply disturbing" which might warrant an investigation by the Federal Trade Commission and/or Congress. ](/news/2016/03/29/u-s-federal-communications-commissioner-michael-o-rielly-says-during-a-speech-at-the-american-action-forum-that-netflix-s-admission-last.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
5. [A three-judge panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit hears arguments about whether the net neutrality rules of the Federal Communications Commission are within the FCC's statutory mandate. ](/news/2015/12/4/a-three-judge-panel-of-the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-d-c-circuit-hears-arguments-about-whether-the-net-neutrality-rules-of-the-federal.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
6. [The United States Federal Communications Commission rejects privacy advocacy group Consumer Watchdog's petition to make it illegal for Internet companies like Google, Facebook and ad providers to ignore "Do Not Track" browser settings. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-united-states-federal-communications-commission-rejects-privacy-advocacy-group-consumer-watchdog-s-petition-to-make-it-illegal-for-inter.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
7. [The US Federal Communications Commission votes to classify internet service providers as public utilities, creating net neutrality rules. The FCC also votes to preempt state laws in North Carolina and Tennessee that effectively prevent municipal broadband providers from expanding outside their existing service areas. ](/news/2015/02/26/the-us-federal-communications-commission-votes-to-classify-internet-service-providers-as-public-utilities-creating-net-neutrality-rules-th.md) _Context: Federal Communications Commission_
8. [American communications company AT&T Inc. agrees to buy pay television company DirecTV for $48.5 billion. ](/news/2014/05/18/american-communications-company-at-t-inc-agrees-to-buy-pay-television-company-directv-for-48-5-billion.md) _Context: DirecTV_
9. [News Corporation agrees to pay $139 million to American shareholders due to the phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2013/04/22/news-corporation-agrees-to-pay-139-million-to-american-shareholders-due-to-the-phone-hacking-scandal.md) _Context: News Corporation_
10. [DirecTV and Viacom agree to a long-term deal for DirecTV to carry Viacom channels. ](/news/2012/07/20/directv-and-viacom-agree-to-a-long-term-deal-for-directv-to-carry-viacom-channels.md) _Context: DirecTV_
