### [2003-12-22](/news/2003/12/22/index.md)

#  The People's Republic of China plans to peg its currency, the yuan, to a basket of ten currencies instead of only the U.S. dollar, according to its state press. [http://money.inq7.net/breakingnews/view_breakingnews.php?yyyy=2003&mon=12&dd=22&file=9]




### Related:

1. [Jack Lew, the U.S. Treasury Secretary, speaks to Wang Yang, vice premier of the People's Republic of China, and expresses U.S. approval of China's new, wider, daily trading band for its renminbi.  ](/news/2014/03/15/jack-lew-the-u-s-treasury-secretary-speaks-to-wang-yang-vice-premier-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-and-expresses-u-s-approval-of-c.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, yuan_
2. [The Senate of the United States passes the Currency Exchange Rate Oversight Reform Act of 2011 designed to press the People's Republic of China to raise the value of the Renminbi. ](/news/2011/10/11/the-senate-of-the-united-states-passes-the-currency-exchange-rate-oversight-reform-act-of-2011-designed-to-press-the-people-s-republic-of-ch.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, yuan_
3. [ The U.S. dollar stumbles to new lows after Cheng Siwei, vice chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress, calls for China to shift more of its $1.43 trillion of currency reserves into "stronger currencies", such as the euro. ](/news/2007/11/7/the-u-s-dollar-stumbles-to-new-lows-after-cheng-siwei-vice-chairman-of-the-standing-committee-of-the-national-people-s-congress-calls-fo.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, U.S. dollar_
4. [ A prominent article in the state-owned China Securities Journal says conditions are ripe for changes in the country's policy of keeping the yuan pegged to the U.S. dollar. ](/news/2005/04/29/a-prominent-article-in-the-state-owned-china-securities-journal-says-conditions-are-ripe-for-changes-in-the-country-s-policy-of-keeping-the.md) _Context: U.S. dollar, yuan_
5. [ The G7 leaders meet in Washington, D.C. in the World Bank headquarters. Among the main discussion points are the rising price of oil and the pegging of the Chinese yuan to the U.S. dollar. ](/news/2005/04/16/the-g7-leaders-meet-in-washington-d-c-in-the-world-bank-headquarters-among-the-main-discussion-points-are-the-rising-price-of-oil-and-th.md) _Context: U.S. dollar, yuan_
6. [A spokesman for the Taiwan Affairs Office of People's Republic of China says Taiwan is barred from observing this year's World Health Assembly because current President Tsai Ing-wen has not endorsed the Beijing view that both sides belong to a single China. ](/news/2017/05/10/a-spokesman-for-the-taiwan-affairs-office-of-people-s-republic-of-china-says-taiwan-is-barred-from-observing-this-yearas-world-health-asse.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
7. [Ten people have died, five are injured and four missing after a bus plunges into a river in China's Guizhou province. ](/news/2017/04/17/ten-people-have-died-five-are-injured-and-four-missing-after-a-bus-plunges-into-a-river-in-china-s-guizhou-province.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
8. [People's Republic of China detains Taiwanese political activist Lee Ming-che on suspicion of endangering national security and revokes his wife's travel permit. ](/news/2017/04/10/people-s-republic-of-china-detains-taiwanese-political-activist-lee-ming-che-on-suspicion-of-endangering-national-security-and-revokes-his-w.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
9. [The People's Republic of China lodges a complaint with the United States after President-elect of the United States Donald Trump speaks with President of Taiwan Tsai Ing-wen. The PRC and the United States view Taiwan as a breakaway province. ](/news/2016/12/3/the-people-s-republic-of-china-lodges-a-complaint-with-the-united-states-after-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-speaks-with.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
10. [The People's Republic of China returns a United States unmanned underwater drone that it seized in the South China Sea last week. ](/news/2016/12/20/the-people-s-republic-of-china-returns-a-united-states-unmanned-underwater-drone-that-it-seized-in-the-south-china-sea-last-week.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
