### [2003-12-22](/news/2003/12/22/index.md)

#  The Gulf Cooperation Council announces that they will revise school textbooks and remove from them material describing followers of other religions as infidels and enemies of Islam. [http://english.aljzeera.net/NR/exeres/B97096D6-41FB-416A-9980-818FF4E26AAC.htm]




### Related:

1. [The Supreme Court of India begins hearings on whether oral divorce is a fundamental right of Islam. ](/news/2017/05/11/the-supreme-court-of-india-begins-hearings-on-whether-oral-divorce-is-a-fundamental-right-of-islam.md) _Context: Islam_
2. [Jakarta Governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama (Ahok)  pleads not guilty  to charges of blaspheming Islam  during a September 27 campaign speech. Ahok is an  ethnic Chinese Christian. ](/news/2016/12/13/jakarta-governor-basuki-tjahaja-purnama-ahok-pleads-not-guilty-to-charges-of-blaspheming-islam-during-a-september-27-campaign-speech-a.md) _Context: Islam_
3. [The far-right mayor of the Hungarian border village of Asotthalom, Laszlo Toroczkai, bans the open expression of Islam, including the construction of mosques and wearing of veils and headscarves, and the promotion of same-sex marriages. ](/news/2016/11/25/the-far-right-mayor-of-the-hungarian-border-village-of-asotthalom-la-szla3-toroczkai-bans-the-open-expression-of-islam-including-the-con.md) _Context: Islam_
4. [UNESCO declares the Western Wall an "Islamic site" and refrains from mentioning its connection to Jewish culture. Over half the voting countries chose to abstain. ](/news/2016/10/13/unesco-declares-the-western-wall-an-islamic-site-and-refrains-from-mentioning-its-connection-to-jewish-culture-over-half-the-voting-count.md) _Context: Islam_
5. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Gulf Cooperation Council_
6. [The Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) and the United States agree to carry out joint naval patrols to prevent Iranian arms shipments reaching Yemen, the Gulf bloc's secretary general Abdullatif bin Rashid Al Zayani said on Wednesday, following a meeting with United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. Iran denies it supplies weapons to the Houthis in Yemen. ](/news/2016/04/20/the-gulf-cooperation-council-gcc-and-the-united-states-agree-to-carry-out-joint-naval-patrols-to-prevent-iranian-arms-shipments-reaching-y.md) _Context: Gulf Cooperation Council_
7. [The Gulf Cooperation Council  formally designates Lebanon's Hezbollah militia a terrorist organization. The GCC  member states are Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-gulf-cooperation-council-formally-designates-lebanon-s-hezbollah-militia-a-terrorist-organization-the-gcc-member-states-are-bahrain.md) _Context: Gulf Cooperation Council_
8. [Protesters rally against Islam and immigration in several European cities amid growing tensions over the massive influx of asylum-seekers to the continent. ](/news/2016/02/6/protesters-rally-against-islam-and-immigration-in-several-european-cities-amid-growing-tensions-over-the-massive-influx-of-asylum-seekers-to.md) _Context: Islam_
9. [Satellite images released by the Associated Press reveal the historic Saint Elijah's Monastery near the Iraqi city of Mosul, the oldest Christian monastery in Iraq that predates Islam, has been completely razed by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. ](/news/2016/01/20/satellite-images-released-by-the-associated-press-reveal-the-historic-saint-elijah-s-monastery-near-the-iraqi-city-of-mosul-the-oldest-chri.md) _Context: Islam_
10. [The Republican Speaker of the House Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell distance the party from presidential candidate Donald Trump's recent comments calling for a ban on Muslims entering the United States.  While not entering into a political fray - in view of U.S. partnerships with Muslim nations and Muslim personnel serving in the United States Armed Forces - the Pentagon press secretary calls anti-Muslim rhetoric a national security threat. ](/news/2015/12/9/the-republican-speaker-of-the-house-paul-ryan-and-senate-majority-leader-mitch-mcconnell-distance-the-party-from-presidential-candidate-dona.md) _Context: Islam_
