### [2010-11-21](/news/2010/11/21/index.md)

# Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad rejects the country's once effective family planning program as an "ungodly Western import" and urges girls to marry at age of 16. 

Iranian president criticizes family planning program that reduced birth rate as &#39;ungodly Western import&#39;


### Source:

1. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/IranianThreat/News/Article.aspx?id=196131)
2. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3987617,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says  that Lebanon is becoming a "satellite" of Iran after it hosts a controversial visit by Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, who again "predicts" Israel's destruction at a Hezbollah rally in southern Lebanon. ](/news/2010/10/14/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-says-that-lebanon-is-becoming-a-satellite-of-iran-after-it-hosts-a-controversial-visit-by-irani.md) _Context: Iranian President, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
2. [ Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad says that rabbis are more critical of Zionism and the "Zionist regime" than he has been. He expresses hope that "God willing, with the force of God behind it, we shall soon experience a world without the United States and Zionism." ](/news/2006/09/25/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-says-that-rabbis-are-more-critical-of-zionism-and-the-zionist-regime-than-he-has-been-he-expresses.md) _Context: Iranian President, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
3. [ Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad challenges George W. Bush to a live television debate. U.S. government officials decline and criticize the suggestion.](/news/2006/08/29/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-challenges-george-w-bush-to-a-live-television-debate-u-s-government-officials-decline-and-criticiz.md) _Context: Iranian President, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
4. [ Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad writes to United States President George W. Bush. This marks the first time in 27 years that an Iranian President has written to a U.S. President. ](/news/2006/05/8/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-writes-to-united-states-president-george-w-bush-this-marks-the-first-time-in-27-years-that-an-irani.md) _Context: Iranian President, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
5. [ Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad threatens to pull Iran out of the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty if the United States and the EU 3 do not accept Iran's nuclear program. ](/news/2006/05/7/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-threatens-to-pull-iran-out-of-the-nuclear-nonproliferation-treaty-if-the-united-states-and-the-eu-3-d.md) _Context: Iranian President, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
6. [ Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki denies that Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said that he wanted Israel to be "wiped off the map", saying Ahmadinejad was misunderstood. ](/news/2006/02/20/iranian-foreign-minister-manouchehr-mottaki-denies-that-iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-said-that-he-wanted-israel-to-be-wiped-off-t.md) _Context: Iranian President, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
7. [ Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad accuses European nations of trying to complete the Holocaust by creating a "Jewish camp" Israel in the Middle East. "Don't you think that continuation of genocide by expelling Jews from Europe was one of their aims in creating a regime of occupiers of Al-Quds (Jerusalem) Isn't that an important question?" He went on to say that Europe should cede some of their territory for a Jewish state, and that anti-Semitism has a long history in Europe, while Jews have lived peacefully among Muslims for centuries. ](/news/2006/01/1/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-accuses-european-nations-of-trying-to-complete-the-holocaust-by-creating-a-jewish-camp-israel-in-th.md) _Context: Iranian President, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
8. [ Addressing the U.N. General Assembly, Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad rejects an offer from the European Union to halt its nuclear program: "The most far reaching step outside the requirements of the NPT ... in keeping with Iran's inalienable right to have access to a nuclear fuel cycle."](/news/2005/09/17/addressing-the-u-n-general-assembly-iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-rejects-an-offer-from-the-european-union-to-halt-its-nuclear-pr.md) _Context: Iranian President, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
9. [The United Kingdom and Bill & Melinda Gates' foundation sponsor a summit that plans on raising funds for family planning in developing countries. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-united-kingdom-and-bill-melinda-gates-foundation-sponsor-a-summit-that-plans-on-raising-funds-for-family-planning-in-developing-count.md) _Context: family planning_
10. [Guardian Council announces names of six final candidates. Incumbent President Hassan Rouhani, chairman of Astan Quds Razavi Ebrahim Raisi and Tehran Mayor Mohammad Bagher Ghalibaf is among the list. More than 1,600 nominees were disqualified, including all 137 female candidates and former president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. ](/news/2017/04/20/guardian-council-announces-names-of-six-final-candidates-incumbent-president-hassan-rouhani-chairman-of-astan-quds-razavi-ebrahim-raisi-an.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
