### [2013-02-26](/news/2013/02/26/index.md)

# Chuck Hagel is confirmed by the Senate as the United States Secretary of Defense. 

A narrow victory for Chuck Hagel, confirmed as defense secretary, raised questions about whether he would arrive a diminished leader as the Pentagon faces cuts.


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2013/02/27/us/politics/hagel-filibuster-defense-senate-confirmation.html)

### Related:

1. [Chuck Hagel is sworn in as United States Secretary of Defense, replacing Leon Panetta. ](/news/2013/02/27/chuck-hagel-is-sworn-in-as-united-states-secretary-of-defense-replacing-leon-panetta.md) _Context: Chuck Hagel, Secretary of Defense, United States_
2. [Philippine Drug War. A hearing in the U.S. Senate is held about alleged human rights violations in the Philippines's war against illegal drugs. ](/news/2017/07/20/philippine-drug-war-a-hearing-in-the-u-s-senate-is-held-about-alleged-human-rights-violations-in-the-philippines-s-war-against-illegal-dru.md) _Context: United States, United States Senate_
3. [Russia-United States relations. Iran-United States relations. The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/russia-united-states-relations-iran-united-states-relations-the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping.md) _Context: United States, United States Senate_
4. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). U.S. B-2 stealth bombers strike two ISIL camps, south of the city of Sirte, Libya, killing more than 80 militants, according to United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. ](/news/2017/01/19/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-u-s-b-2-stealth-bombers-strike-two-isil-camps-south-of-the-city-of-sirte-libya-killing-more-than-80-m.md) _Context: Secretary of Defense, United States_
5. [Yemeni Crisis. The Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) and the United States agree to carry out joint naval patrols to prevent Iranian arms shipments reaching Yemen, the Gulf bloc's secretary general Abdullatif bin Rashid Al Zayani said on Wednesday, following a meeting with United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. Iran denies it supplies weapons to the Houthis in Yemen. ](/news/2016/04/20/yemeni-crisis-the-gulf-cooperation-council-gcc-and-the-united-states-agree-to-carry-out-joint-naval-patrols-to-prevent-iranian-arms-shipm.md) _Context: Secretary of Defense, United States_
6. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). During a visit to Baghdad, U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter announces that the United States will be sending more troops to the country to help in the fight against ISIL. The U.S. also plans to give Kurdish Peshmerga forces, which are fighting ISIL on the ground, more than $400m (GBP280m; -350m) in assistance. ](/news/2016/04/18/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-during-a-visit-to-baghdad-u-s-defense-secretary-ash-carter-announces-that-the-united-states-will-be-send.md) _Context: Secretary of Defense, United States_
7. [American-led intervention in Iraq (2014-present). Iraqi Defense Minister Khaled al-Obaidi updates the death toll from Friday's friendly fire airstrike near Fallujah to 10, one officer and nine soldiers. U.S. Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter says it appears an American jet conducted the strike. Carter called Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi to express condolences. ](/news/2015/12/19/american-led-intervention-in-iraq-2014-present-iraqi-defense-minister-khaled-al-obaidi-updates-the-death-toll-from-friday-s-friendly-fi.md) _Context: Secretary of Defense, United States_
8. [The U.S. House of Representatives, defying a veto-threat by President Barack Obama, overwhelmingly passes legislation to suspend the Obama administration's program to admit 10,000 Syrian and Iraqi refugees into the country. The bill will now face a vote in the U.S. Senate. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-defying-a-veto-threat-by-president-barack-obama-overwhelmingly-passes-legislation-to-suspend-the-obama-a.md) _Context: United States, United States Senate_
9. [President Barack Obama accepts the resignation of Secretary of Defense Chuck Hagel. ](/news/2014/11/24/president-barack-obama-accepts-the-resignation-of-secretary-of-defense-chuck-hagel.md) _Context: Chuck Hagel, Secretary of Defense_
10. [Chuck Hagel, the United States Secretary of Defense, accuses the People's Republic of China of "destablilizing" behaviour in the South China Sea. ](/news/2014/05/31/chuck-hagel-the-united-states-secretary-of-defense-accuses-the-people-s-republic-of-china-of-destablilizing-behaviour-in-the-south-china.md) _Context: Chuck Hagel, Secretary of Defense_
