### [2004-10-10](/news/2004/10/10/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian witnesses say that a missile fired from an Israeli helicopter destroyed a home in the Gaza Strip town of Jabaliya, killing a schoolteacher and wounding six others. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3731964.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli troops kill one Palestinian militant as three to four Hamas, Popular Resistance Committees, and Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigade militants fire mortar shells and anti-tank missiles on Israelis living in the Kfar Darom settlement in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/05/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-troops-kill-one-palestinian-militant-as-three-to-four-hamas-popular-resistance-committees-and-al-aq.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas travels to the Gaza Strip to persuade militant groups to join the ceasefire announced with Israel three days ago. ](/news/2005/02/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-leader-mahmoud-abbas-travels-to-the-gaza-strip-to-persuade-militant-groups-to-join-the-ceasefire.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Two Palestinian children are killed by an explosion in the refugee camp of Khan Yonis in the Gaza Strip. Hospital officials say it was from a tank shell that hit a house. Israeli spokesmen said there had been no army fire in the area. They believe it was either caused when a Palestinian mortar misfired or by the detonation of a roadside bomb. ](/news/2004/11/5/israeli-palestinian-conflict-two-palestinian-children-are-killed-by-an-explosion-in-the-refugee-camp-of-khan-yonis-in-the-gaza-strip-hosp.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
4. [ Israeli troops, backed by tanks and other military vehicles, enter the northern Gaza Strip city of Jabaliya, and the nearby towns of Beit Hanoun and Beit Lahiya. At least five Palestinians are killed by Israeli rocket strikes on Jabaliya. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3706224.stm (BBC)] [http://www.guardian.co.uk/israel/Story/0,2763,1318164,00.html (The Guardian)] The Israeli military releases unmanned drone [http://www1.idf.il/SIP_STORAGE/DOVER/files/7/34147.wmv footage] of the Gaza Strip showing what Israel says are Palestinian militants loading rockets into a van marked "UN". The UN dismisses the claim, saying that the footage actually shows a stretcher being loaded into a van. [http://www.islam-online.net/English/News/2004-10/03/article02.shtml (Islam Online)] (Haaretz: [http://www.haaretzdaily.com/hasen/spages/483950.html 1], [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/484003.html 2])](/news/2004/10/1/israeli-troops-backed-by-tanks-and-other-military-vehicles-enter-the-northern-gaza-strip-city-of-jabaliya-and-the-nearby-towns-of-beit-h.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jabaliya_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian President Yasser Arafat, reacting to the United States President Bush and Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon summit, states Palestinian will never give up their struggle for an independent homeland, never abandon the claims of their refugees, nor make more territorial concessions. He states that Jerusalem will be its capital. Sharon, who wants to withdraw Israel from the Gaza Strip, faces opposition to his withdrawal plan. ](/news/2004/04/15/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-president-yasser-arafat-reacting-to-the-united-states-president-bush-and-israeli-prime-minister.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli incursion leaves 1,240 Palestinians homeless, UN agency finds. The Israeli demolition of refugee shelters in Rafah camp on the southern Gaza Strip last week has left 1,240 people homeless, United Nations relief workers state.](/news/2003/10/13/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-incursion-leaves-1-240-palestinians-homeless-un-agency-finds-the-israeli-demolition-of-refugee-shel.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel kills senior Hamas official, Ismail Abu Shanab, by a missile strike in the Gaza Strip and sent tanks into the West Bank towns of Nablus, Jenin and Tulkarem in response to a deadly suicide bombing of a bus in Jerusalem. In Hebron, troops destroy the terrorist bomber's home. Hamas and Islamic Jihad end their participation in the cease fire (in response to Israel's action from the two groups' bombing), declaring themselves as enemies to the peace plan, and vow further terrorist acts. The militants demand that Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, leave their area of control.](/news/2003/08/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-kills-senior-hamas-official-ismail-abu-shanab-by-a-missile-strike-in-the-gaza-strip-and-sent-tanks-i.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
8. [Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-police-in-jerusalem-today-with-two-of-the-attackers-shot-dead-a.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
10. [Israel revokes permits for 500 Palestinians from the Gaza Strip to enter Jerusalem for Friday prayers following a rocket attack on southern Israel. ](/news/2015/06/24/israel-revokes-permits-for-500-palestinians-from-the-gaza-strip-to-enter-jerusalem-for-friday-prayers-following-a-rocket-attack-on-southern.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Palestinian_
