### [2005-09-28](/news/2005/09/28/index.md)

#  U.S. House Majority Leader Tom DeLay is indicted on one count of criminal conspiracy by Texas grand jury, for allegedly funding Texas state elections secretly through the Republican national office.




### Related:

1. [Former United States House of Representatives Majority Leader and former ''Dancing with the Stars'' contestant Tom DeLay is convicted of money laundering and conspiracy in relation to Republican fundraising for the 2002 Texas state elections. ](/news/2010/11/24/former-united-states-house-of-representatives-majority-leader-and-former-dancing-with-the-stars-contestant-tom-delay-is-convicted-of-mon.md) _Context: Texas, Tom DeLay_
2. [ Former Majority Leader Tom DeLay announces his resignation from the United States House of Representatives. ](/news/2006/04/4/former-majority-leader-tom-delay-announces-his-resignation-from-the-united-states-house-of-representatives.md) _Context: Majority Leader, Tom DeLay_
3. [ Jack Abramoff scandals: Lobbyist Tony C. Rudy, former chief of staff for Rep. Tom DeLay (R-TX), pleads guilty to conspiracy and agrees to cooperate with the ongoing investigation into the Jack Abramoff Indian lobbying scandal. ](/news/2006/03/31/jack-abramoff-scandals-lobbyist-tony-c-rudy-former-chief-of-staff-for-rep-tom-delay-r-tx-pleads-guilty-to-conspiracy-and-agrees-to-c.md) _Context: Texas, Tom DeLay_
4. [At least 7 people are killed in the US states of Missouri, Arkansas and Texas due to tornadoes and floods. ](/news/2017/04/29/at-least-7-people-are-killed-in-the-us-states-of-missouri-arkansas-and-texas-due-to-tornadoes-and-floods.md) _Context: Texas_
5. [Arkansas becomes the first U.S. state since Texas in 2000 to hold two executions on the same day as executes convicted murderers Jack Jones, Jr. and Marcel Williams. ](/news/2017/04/24/arkansas-becomes-the-first-u-s-state-since-texas-in-2000-to-hold-two-executions-on-the-same-day-as-executes-convicted-murderers-jack-jones.md) _Context: Texas_
6. [A head on crash between a pickup truck and a church bus outside Garner State Park in the American state of Texas kills at least 12 people and injures 3 others. ](/news/2017/03/29/a-head-on-crash-between-a-pickup-truck-and-a-church-bus-outside-garner-state-park-in-the-american-state-of-texas-kills-at-least-12-people-an.md) _Context: Texas_
7. [Severe  storms, from the weather system that hit Southern California Friday, reach southwest Texas injuring several  people and damaging at least 100 homes with  one confirmed tornado in San Antonio. Heavy rains continue today with flash floods likely as the storm moves to eastern Texas and southern Louisiana. ](/news/2017/02/20/severe-storms-from-the-weather-system-that-hit-southern-california-friday-reach-southwest-texas-injuring-several-people-and-damaging-at.md) _Context: Texas_
8. [In Texas, four children die with an additional six others injured after they are poisoned by phosgene gas sprayed in an inappropriate attempt as a pesticide. ](/news/2017/01/2/in-texas-four-children-die-with-an-additional-six-others-injured-after-they-are-poisoned-by-phosgene-gas-sprayed-in-an-inappropriate-attemp.md) _Context: Texas_
9. [Texas confirms its first case of locally transmitted Zika virus by mosquitoes, becoming the second U.S. state to report a local transmission of the virus after Florida. The Texas Department of State Health Services says the case involves a woman living in Cameron County, who is not pregnant. ](/news/2016/11/28/texas-confirms-its-first-case-of-locally-transmitted-zika-virus-by-mosquitoes-becoming-the-second-u-s-state-to-report-a-local-transmission.md) _Context: Texas_
10. [A Texas jury awards T. Boone Pickens and his Mesa Petroleum partners $140 million as a result of systemic underpayment of profits and ownership from 160 oil wells in Reeves and Pecos counties. ](/news/2016/11/23/a-texas-jury-awards-t-boone-pickens-and-his-mesa-petroleum-partners-140-million-as-a-result-of-systemic-underpayment-of-profits-and-owners.md) _Context: Texas_
