### [2011-02-18](/news/2011/02/18/index.md)

# Anti-regime protests continue overnight after yesterday's "Day of Rage". Funerals of those killed due today. Human Rights Watch lists 24 killed and many wounded. 

At least 24 people have died in anti-government protests in Libya over recent days, rights activists say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-12502657)
2. [Foreign Policy](http://blog.foreignpolicy.com/posts/2011/02/18/radio_free_benghazi)
3. [Human Rights Watch](http://www.hrw.org/en/news/2011/02/17/libya-security-forces-fire-day-anger-demonstrations)
4. [Reuters](http://af.reuters.com/article/libyaNews/idAFLDE71H2A120110218)
5. [TechCrunch](http://techcrunch.com/2011/02/18/reports-libya-follows-egypts-lead-starts-shutting-off-internet-services/)
6. [a radio station](http://libya.blog-video.tv/)
7. [libya17.com](http://www.libyafeb17.com/)
7. [Cover Image](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/special/2015/newsspec_10857/bbc_news_logo.png?cb=1)

### Related:

1. [Israel denies entry to Omar Shakir, a researcher for Human Rights Watch and an American citizen, because the organization engages in so-called Palestinian propaganda. HRW's Sari Bashi said, "This Israeli government has been narrowing the space for democratic activity," by closing the country off to critics. Later, the Israel government would grant Mr. Shakir a tourist visa while considering HRW's appeal on the work visa. ](/news/2017/02/24/israel-denies-entry-to-omar-shakir-a-researcher-for-human-rights-watch-and-an-american-citizen-because-the-organization-engages-in-so-call.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
2. [Human Rights Watch says that Kurdish Regional Government forces have destroyed Arab homes and villages in northern Iraq in what may amount to a war crime. ](/news/2016/11/13/human-rights-watch-says-that-kurdish-regional-government-forces-have-destroyed-arab-homes-and-villages-in-northern-iraq-in-what-may-amount-t.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
3. [Egypt tries 237 activists, who face jail terms of up to three years, arrested for protesting without permits against President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi. Thousands demonstrated this month following the Sisi government's decision to hand over two uninhabited islands in the Straits of Tiran to Saudi Arabia. Human Rights Watch says at least 382 had been arrested. ](/news/2016/04/30/egypt-tries-237-activists-who-face-jail-terms-of-up-to-three-years-arrested-for-protesting-without-permits-against-president-abdel-fattah.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
4. [ European Union leaders offer Turkey a detailed package of cash and incentives to agree that all migrants attempting to cross the Aegean Sea by raft or boat would be sent back to Turkey which, in effect, becomes the region's migrant holding center. A number of stumbling blocks remain, such as raising the amount of aid from 3 billion euros to at least 6 billion euros; reducing the "72 arduous conditions" the Turks must meet to implement visa-free travel for Turkish citizens; Europe agrees to accelerate talks with Ankara on its EU bid; etc. Human Rights Watch protests the proposed fast-track collective expulsions that fail to take individual circumstances into account and breach peoples' right to seek asylum. ](/news/2016/03/18/european-union-leaders-offer-turkey-a-detailed-package-of-cash-and-incentives-to-agree-that-all-migrants-attempting-to-cross-the-aegean-sea.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
5. [Hamas reports it has executed one of its commanders, Mahmoud Eshtewi, for "moral and behavioral violations." Human Rights Watch, contacted by Eshtewi's family, had been monitoring the case. ](/news/2016/02/7/hamas-reports-it-has-executed-one-of-its-commanders-mahmoud-eshtewi-for-amoral-and-behavioral-violations-a-human-rights-watch-contact.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
6. [Human Rights Watch (HRW) reports Nigeria's military has quickly buried the corpses of at least 300 Shia Muslims killed during raids at the house of Ibrahim Zakzaky in Zaria earlier in December. ](/news/2015/12/24/human-rights-watch-hrw-reports-nigeriaas-military-has-quickly-buried-the-corpses-of-at-least-300-shia-muslims-killed-during-raids-at-the.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
7. [Human Rights Watch releases a report finding, because of a language barrier, integration issues, and financial difficulties, more than 400,000 Syrian refugee children in Turkey are not able to attend school despite the Turkish government allowing them access to the Turkish schooling system. ](/news/2015/11/9/human-rights-watch-releases-a-report-finding-because-of-a-language-barrier-integration-issues-and-financial-difficulties-more-than-400-0.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
8. [Human Rights Watch says that the Philippine government is detaining street children and homeless people harshly and involuntarily as part of preparations for an international summit. The government denies that the people concerned are being abused and such moves were part of a regular and year-round outreach program. ](/news/2015/11/17/human-rights-watch-says-that-the-philippine-government-is-detaining-street-children-and-homeless-people-harshly-and-involuntarily-as-part-of.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
9. [Human Rights Watch says unidentified armed men have been disabling boats carrying migrants and asylum seekers in the Aegean Sea traveling from Turkey toward the Greek islands. Witnesses have described eight incidents this month in which masked assailants intercepted and disabled the boats by damaging engines or fuel systems, and in the case of inflatable boats, attempting to puncture hulls. ](/news/2015/10/22/human-rights-watch-says-unidentified-armed-men-have-been-disabling-boats-carrying-migrants-and-asylum-seekers-in-the-aegean-sea-traveling-fr.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
10. [Human Rights Watch and the Philippine Commission on Human Rights condemn the murders of an indigenous Lumad family and the rape of an indigenous Manobo girl by soldiers and militiamen of the Philippine Army under the guise of fighting a communist rebellion. ](/news/2015/09/9/human-rights-watch-and-the-philippine-commission-on-human-rights-condemn-the-murders-of-an-indigenous-lumad-family-and-the-rape-of-an-indige.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
