### [2011-02-18](/news/2011/02/18/index.md)

# Retired CIA officer-turned-political activist Ray McGovern is thrown out, bloodied and arrested while protesting a speech given by Hillary Clinton on internet freedomdate=August 2017 at George Washington University in Washington, D.C. Veterans for Peace requests that Clinton apologise. 




### Source:

1. [American Independent](http://americanindependent.com/170062/anti-war-protester-seized-claims-he-was-bloodied-by-guards-at-clinton-address-about-free-speech)
2. [Press TV](http://www.presstv.ir/detail/165779.html)

### Related:

1. [United States presidential election, 2016. Hillary Clinton wins the Washington D.C. Democratic Party primary, the last scheduled primary on the party's schedule before the 2016 Democratic National Convention in late July. ](/news/2016/06/14/united-states-presidential-election-2016-hillary-clinton-wins-the-washington-d-c-democratic-party-primary-the-last-scheduled-primary-on.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, Washington, D.C._
2. [The United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton outlines a new policy on Internet freedomdate=August 2017. ](/news/2011/02/15/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-outlines-a-new-policy-on-internet-freedomdate-august-2017.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, internet freedom_
3. [U.S. envoy to Afghanistan and Pakistan Richard Holbrooke is hospitalised in a critically ill state in Washington, D.C., after gasping at a meeting with Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2010/12/11/u-s-envoy-to-afghanistan-and-pakistan-richard-holbrooke-is-hospitalised-in-a-critically-ill-state-in-washington-d-c-after-gasping-at-a-m.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, Washington, D.C._
4. [ United States presidential election, 2008:. Illinois Senator Barack Obama wins the District of Columbia, Maryland and Virginia Democratic primaries. Obama now leads Sen. Hillary Clinton in the delegate count for the first time since early in the campaign. ](/news/2008/02/12/united-states-presidential-election-2008-illinois-senator-barack-obama-wins-the-district-of-columbia-maryland-and-virginia-democratic-p.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, Washington, D.C._
5. [Russia-United States relations. Unarmed Russian Air Force reconnaissance jets, under the authority provided by international Open Skies Treaty, fly over several Washington, D.C., area government buildings and landmarks as well as the President's residence in Bedminster, New Jersey. ](/news/2017/08/9/russia-united-states-relations-unarmed-russian-air-force-reconnaissance-jets-under-the-authority-provided-by-international-open-skies-tr.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
6. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. Special counsel Robert Mueller has impaneled a grand jury in Washington, D.C. to investigate allegations of Russia-s interference in the 2016 elections. ](/news/2017/08/3/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-special-counsel-robert-mueller-has-impaneled-a-grand-jury-in-washington-d-c-to-i.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
7. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-o.md) _Context: CIA_
8. [Hyperloop. SpaceX CEO Elon Musk says he has received federal government approval for The Boring Company to build an underground 760mph Hyperloop that will connect New York City and Washington, D.C.. ](/news/2017/07/20/hyperloop-spacex-ceo-elon-musk-says-he-has-received-federal-government-approval-for-the-boring-company-to-build-an-underground-760mph-hyper.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
9. [FIRST Robotics Competition. Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C. A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/first-robotics-competition-six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
10. [Links between Trump associates and Russian officials. Donald Trump Jr. discloses emails in which he and Rob Goldstone discuss gathering opposition research against Hillary Clinton through a June 2016 meeting with Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya. ](/news/2017/07/11/links-between-trump-associates-and-russian-officials-donald-trump-jr-discloses-emails-in-which-he-and-rob-goldstone-discuss-gathering-oppo.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
