### [2011-02-18](/news/2011/02/18/index.md)

# The Obama administration rescinds most of a regulation designed to protect health care workers who refuse to provide a service that they find objectionable but retains protections against performing abortions when you have strong anti-abortion convictions. 




### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2011/02/18/AR2011021803251.html?wpisrc=nl_natlalert)
1. [Cover Image](http://media3.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/images/twp-50x50.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The Obama administration, through the United States Environmental Protection Agency announces new regulations on emissions of the greenhouse gas methane. ](/news/2015/08/18/the-obama-administration-through-the-united-states-environmental-protection-agency-announces-new-regulations-on-emissions-of-the-greenhouse.md) _Context: Obama Administration, regulation_
2. [Chilean lawmakers have approved a bill that would legalize abortion in limited circumstances and end the socially conservative country's status as the last in South America with a blanket ban on the procedure. ](/news/2017/08/3/chilean-lawmakers-have-approved-a-bill-that-would-legalize-abortion-in-limited-circumstances-and-end-the-socially-conservative-country-s-sta.md) _Context: abortion_
3. [After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-and-309-against-the-policies-set.md) _Context: abortion_
4. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Obama Administration_
5. [The Guatemalan army blockades a ship from the Dutch NGO Women on Waves that provides material for abortions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-guatemalan-army-blockades-a-ship-from-the-dutch-ngo-women-on-waves-that-provides-material-for-abortions.md) _Context: abortion_
6. [U.S. President Donald Trump issues executive orders to withdraw the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and reinstates the Mexico City Policy, a policy banning U.S. aid to foreign organizations that use funds from other sources to perform or discuss abortions, which Barack Obama scrapped in 2009. ](/news/2017/01/23/u-s-president-donald-trump-issues-executive-orders-to-withdraw-the-united-states-from-the-trans-pacific-partnership-and-reinstates-the-mex.md) _Context: abortion_
7. [The Obama administration lifts U.S. sanctions on Myanmar by terminating an emergency order that deemed the policies of the former military government a threat to U.S. national security. ](/news/2016/10/7/the-obama-administration-lifts-u-s-sanctions-on-myanmar-by-terminating-an-emergency-order-that-deemed-the-policies-of-the-former-military-g.md) _Context: Obama Administration_
8. [The Obama administration formally accuses the Russian government of cyber attacks against the U.S. Democratic Party in influencing presidential election. ](/news/2016/10/7/the-obama-administration-formally-accuses-the-russian-government-of-cyber-attacks-against-the-u-s-democratic-party-in-influencing-president.md) _Context: Obama Administration_
9. [The Obama administration through the U.S. State Department announces the suspension of bilateral talks with Russia about the cessation of hostilities in Syria, as Russia and the Syrian government continue to pursue a military course despite the ceasefire accord. ](/news/2016/10/3/the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-state-department-announces-the-suspension-of-bilateral-talks-with-russia-about-the-cessation-of-ho.md) _Context: Obama Administration_
10. [Police in China detain 75 people in connection with a service that determined the female gender of unborn babies for the purpose of abortion. Authorities say that at least 300 people were involved in the illegal service in the eastern Chinese province of Zhejiang. Expectant parents wanting male children smuggled fetal blood samples to Hong Kong for gender testing. China ended its one-child policy last year. ](/news/2016/10/15/police-in-china-detain-75-people-in-connection-with-a-service-that-determined-the-female-gender-of-unborn-babies-for-the-purpose-of-abortion.md) _Context: abortion_
