### [2011-03-31](/news/2011/03/31/index.md)

# The Gaddafi government in Libya asks former Nicaraguan foreign minister Miguel d'Escoto Brockmann to represent it in the United Nations. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Yahoo News](http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20110331/ap_on_re_us/un_un_nicaragua_libya)

### Related:

1. [2011 Libyan civil war:: The United Nations envoy to Libya, Abdul Ilah Khatib, arrives in Tripoli to try to negotiate a cease-fire between Muammar Gaddafi's forces and rebel fighters.](/news/2011/05/15/2011-libyan-civil-war-the-united-nations-envoy-to-libya-abdul-ilah-khatib-arrives-in-tripoli-to-try-to-negotiate-a-cease-fire-between-mu.md) _Context: Libya, Muammar Gaddafi, United Nations_
2. [European migration crisis: November 2016 Libya migrant shipwrecks: The United Nations believes that at least 239 migrants drowned in shipwrecks near the coast of Libya. ](/news/2016/11/3/european-migration-crisis-november-2016-libya-migrant-shipwrecks-the-united-nations-believes-that-at-least-239-migrants-drowned-in-shipwre.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations_
3. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): The United States launches airstrikes on ISIL positions in the Libyan city of Sirte following a request from the UN-backed Government of National Accord. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj, in a televised address, says the strikes have caused "heavy ISIL losses". ](/news/2016/08/1/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-united-states-launches-airstrikes-on-isil-positions-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte-following-a-request-f.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations_
4. [Libyan Civil War: An oil tanker, sent from Eastern Libya by a rival to the internationally recognized Government of National Accord, returns with its cargo to the refinery at Zawiya in western Libya. The United Nations blacklisted the shipment on Wednesday. ](/news/2016/05/1/libyan-civil-war-an-oil-tanker-sent-from-eastern-libya-by-a-rival-to-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-national-accord-returns.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations_
5. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): The self-declared National Salvation government, one of the rival governments of Libya, resigns and gives up power to the UN-backed Libyan Presidential Council in Tripoli. ](/news/2016/04/6/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-self-declared-national-salvation-government-one-of-the-rival-governments-of-libya-resigns-and-gives.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations_
6. [Libyan Civil War: In response to the U.N.-backed Government of National Accord's plea, the United Nations Security Council blacklists the tanker shipping crude oil by the unrecognized rival House of Representatives government in eastern Libya. ](/news/2016/04/28/libyan-civil-war-in-response-to-the-u-n-backed-government-of-national-accord-s-plea-the-united-nations-security-council-blacklists-the-ta.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations_
7. [Libyan Civil War: The unrecognized House of Representatives, one of the rival governments based in eastern Libya, ships its first cargo of crude oil in defiance of the U.N.-backed authorities in the capital Tripoli in a move that could deepen divisions within the country. The Tripoli-based government asked the United Nations Security Council yesterday to blacklist the tanker. ](/news/2016/04/27/libyan-civil-war-the-unrecognized-house-of-representatives-one-of-the-rival-governments-based-in-eastern-libya-ships-its-first-cargo-of-c.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations_
8. [Libyan Civil War: Delegates from Libya's warring factions sign a U.N.-brokered agreement to form a national unity government. Some of Libya's armed brigades are closely allied with political leaders who oppose this agreement. ](/news/2015/12/17/libyan-civil-war-delegates-from-libya-s-warring-factions-sign-a-u-n-brokered-agreement-to-form-a-national-unity-government-some-of-libya.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations_
9. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): Martin Kobler, United Nations envoy to Libya, announces the country's two rival parliaments agreement to set a target date of Dec. 16 to sign a U.N.-sponsored agreement on forming a national unity government. ](/news/2015/12/11/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-martin-kobler-united-nations-envoy-to-libya-announces-the-country-s-two-rival-parliaments-agreement-to.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations_
10. [Hannibal Gaddafi, son of Libya's late leader Muammar Gaddafi, who was kidnapped by militants, is released in Baalbek, Lebanon. Gaddafi's abductors said they were seeking information on the fate of Shiite cleric Imam Moussa al-Sadr, who disappeared during a trip to Tripoli in 1978. ](/news/2015/12/11/hannibal-gaddafi-son-of-libya-s-late-leader-muammar-gaddafi-who-was-kidnapped-by-militants-is-released-in-baalbek-lebanon-gaddafi-s-abd.md) _Context: Libya, Muammar Gaddafi_
