### [2011-03-31](/news/2011/03/31/index.md)

# The Governor of Ohio John Kasich signs a bill removing collective bargaining rights from Ohio government employees. 

COLUMBUS—Gov. John Kasich plans to follow through on Thursday night with his pledge to sign into law a bill severely restricting the collective bargaining power of some 350,000 public employees in Ohio. At 7 p.m., after the Statehouse has been closed for the night, the Republican governor will sign Senate Bill 5 in his ceremonial office. The bill, however, is unlikely to go into effect for another seven months, if at all. An expensive, manpower-intensive petition effort is expected to put the bill to voters via a referendum on Nov. 8, a move that would place the law on hold at least temporarily. “There is a reason that the union bosses opposed these changes; because it strips power from the union leaders and returns it to the taxpayers and workers…,’’ he wrote in a campaign fund-


### Source:

1. [Toledo Blade](http://toledoblade.com/news/2011/03/31/Kasich-will-sign-collective-bargaining-bill-Thursday-night.html)

### Related:

1. [United States presidential election, 2016. The Governor of Ohio John Kasich becomes the 16th person to seek the nomination of the Republican Party. ](/news/2015/07/21/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-governor-of-ohio-john-kasich-becomes-the-16th-person-to-seek-the-nomination-of-the-republican.md) _Context: Governor of Ohio, John Kasich_
2. [Governor John Kasich signs a bill legalizing medical marijuana, making Ohio the 25th state in America to approve its use. ](/news/2016/06/8/governor-john-kasich-signs-a-bill-legalizing-medical-marijuana-making-ohio-the-25th-state-in-america-to-approve-its-use.md) _Context: John Kasich_
3. [United States presidential election, 2016. Ohio Governor John Kasich suspends his campaign. He was the last Republican Party challenger to Donald Trump for the GOP presidential nomination. ](/news/2016/05/4/united-states-presidential-election-2016-ohio-governor-john-kasich-suspends-his-campaign-he-was-the-last-republican-party-challenger-to-d.md) _Context: John Kasich_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016. The presidential campaigns of Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich announce they will now coordinate strategies to stop fellow Republican Donald Trump from becoming the party's nominee. Cruz's campaign will cut campaigning in Oregon and New Mexico to help Kasich, while the Kasich campaign will give Cruz a "clear path" in Indiana. ](/news/2016/04/25/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-presidential-campaigns-of-texas-senator-ted-cruz-and-governor-of-ohio-john-kasich-announce-th.md) _Context: John Kasich_
5. [Republican Party presidential debates, 2016. The eleventh Republican Party presidential debate of the election cycle takes place at the Fox Theatre in downtown Detroit, Michigan, airing live on Fox News Channel. The debate features four Republican candidates, Donald Trump, Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio and John Kasich. Ben Carson was also invited to the debate but he said that he would not be attending. An estimated 16.9 million viewers watched the debate, 5.5 million of them adults aged 25-54, making it the most watched debate since December 2015. ](/news/2016/03/3/republican-party-presidential-debates-2016-the-eleventh-republican-party-presidential-debate-of-the-election-cycle-takes-place-at-the-fox.md) _Context: John Kasich_
6. [The U.S. Supreme Court's even split among the current eight justices turns down a group of California teachers' challenge to agency fees public sector unions representing government employees charge employees for collective bargaining costs, whether or not they choose to join the union. Twenty-four other states and the District of Columbia have a similar provision. The ninth circuit federal appellate court ruling in the union-s favor stands. Employees challenging the law may bring the appeal again, once the vacancy on the nation-s highest court is filled. ](/news/2016/03/29/the-u-s-supreme-court-s-even-split-among-the-current-eight-justices-turns-down-a-group-of-california-teachers-challenge-to-agency-fees-pub.md) _Context: collective bargaining_
7. [Republican Party presidential debates, 2016. The seventh Republican Party presidential debate, the second hosted by Fox News, and the final debate before voting begins with the Iowa caucuses on February 1, is held in Des Moines, Iowa. The seven candidates featuring in the primetime debate were Jeb Bush, Ben Carson, Chris Christie, Ted Cruz, John Kasich, Rand Paul and Marco Rubio. Donald Trump, the current front-runner in the polls, was also invited to the primetime debate but opted to boycott the debate and instead hosted a town hall with charitable proceeds going to veterans groups. ](/news/2016/01/28/republican-party-presidential-debates-2016-the-seventh-republican-party-presidential-debate-the-second-hosted-by-fox-news-and-the-final.md) _Context: John Kasich_
8. [2011 Wisconsin budget protests. Republicans in the Wisconsin Senate vote to remove collective bargaining rights from state employees separate from the budget to end the impasse over the state budget with no Democrat Senators present. ](/news/2011/03/9/2011-wisconsin-budget-protests-republicans-in-the-wisconsin-senate-vote-to-remove-collective-bargaining-rights-from-state-employees-separat.md) _Context: collective bargaining_
9. [Nearly 70,000 people attend a rally in the U.S. city of Madison, Wisconsin over plans by the Governor of Wisconsin Scott Walker to remove collective bargaining rights from most state employees. ](/news/2011/02/26/nearly-70-000-people-attend-a-rally-in-the-u-s-city-of-madison-wisconsin-over-plans-by-the-governor-of-wisconsin-scott-walker-to-remove-co.md) _Context: collective bargaining_
10. [Wisconsin:. Schools in the American state of Wisconsin close as teachers attend rallies against proposals to limit collective bargaining for state employees. ](/news/2011/02/17/wisconsin-schools-in-the-american-state-of-wisconsin-close-as-teachers-attend-rallies-against-proposals-to-limit-collective-bargaining-for.md) _Context: collective bargaining_
