### [2006-07-13](/news/2006/07/13/index.md)

#  The United States vetoes a United Nations resolution condemning Israel's military operations in the Gaza Strip. 




### Source:

1. [AFP](http://www.breitbart.com/news/2006/07/13/060713195011.0bs4l5nz.html)

### Related:

1. [Central African Republic conflict:: Russia and China have blocked a proposal by the United States and France to impose U.N. sanctions on Central African Republic's former President Francois Bozize and two other people linked to the conflict. ](/news/2014/04/23/central-african-republic-conflict-russia-and-china-have-blocked-a-proposal-by-the-united-states-and-france-to-impose-u-n-sanctions-on-cen.md) _Context: U.N., United States_
2. [The United States vetoes a draft of a U.N. Security Council resolution critical of Israeli settlements in the West Bank. ](/news/2011/02/19/the-united-states-vetoes-a-draft-of-a-u-n-security-council-resolution-critical-of-israeli-settlements-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: U.N., United States_
3. [A Bolivian-flagged all-female international aid ship bound for Gaza is delayed as Cyprus bans it from passing, with Israel's Ehud Barak calling on France and the United States to prevent it from sailing because, he says, it is "a needless provocation". ](/news/2010/08/22/a-bolivian-flagged-all-female-international-aid-ship-bound-for-gaza-is-delayed-as-cyprus-bans-it-from-passing-with-israel-s-ehud-barak-call.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, United States_
4. [EU commissioner Chris Patten, Baron Patten of Barnes, speaking during his first visit to Gaza since 2002, calls the Israeli blockade of Gaza an "immoral failure", expresses shock at the "huge new settlements" in the West Bank, and states the United States dominance of the Quartet on the Middle East - US, EU, UN and Russia - is wrong. ](/news/2010/07/18/eu-commissioner-chris-patten-baron-patten-of-barnes-speaking-during-his-first-visit-to-gaza-since-2002-calls-the-israeli-blockade-of-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, United States_
5. [Captured Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit:: The fourth anniversary of the capture of Gilad Shalit, and held incommunicado by Hamas in Gaza, is marked in Israel, the United States and a number of European cities. ](/news/2010/06/25/captured-israeli-soldier-gilad-shalit-the-fourth-anniversary-of-the-capture-of-gilad-shalit-and-held-incommunicado-by-hamas-in-gaza-is-m.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, United States_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: Israel's decision to ease the Gaza blockade is welcomed by the United Nations and the United States; Gaza's Hamas rulers say this is propaganda by Israel. ](/news/2010/06/17/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-s-decision-to-ease-the-gaza-blockade-is-welcomed-by-the-united-nations-and-the-united-states-gaza-s.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, United States_
7. [United States President Barack Obama is to ask the US Congress for an extra $200m in military aid to help Israel get a short-range rocket defence system called Iron Dome in place against mortar and rocket attacks from Gaza or Southern Lebanon. ](/news/2010/05/16/united-states-president-barack-obama-is-to-ask-the-us-congress-for-an-extra-200m-in-military-aid-to-help-israel-get-a-short-range-rocket-de.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, United States_
8. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu resists calls from the United States to stop construction in Jerusalem; the United Nations claims Israel's blockade of Gaza prevents it from educating thousands of Palestinian children. ](/news/2010/04/23/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-resists-calls-from-the-united-states-to-stop-construction-in-jerusalem-the-united-nations-claim.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, United States_
9. [ The United States vetoes a United Nations Security Council resolution condemning the Beit Hanoun November 2006 incident and urging for a quick withdrawal of Israel from the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2006/11/11/the-united-states-vetoes-a-united-nations-security-council-resolution-condemning-the-beit-hanoun-november-2006-incident-and-urging-for-a-qu.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, United States_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):: Israel rejects Hamas terms for a ceasefire - Palestinian PM Ismail Haniya calls for a ceasefire to end several days of fierce fighting in the Gaza Strip. Israel reiterates its demand to release the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit, and end Qassam rocket attacks on Israeli towns, for an immediate cease fire to take place. ](/news/2006/07/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-israel-rejects-hamas-terms-for-a-ceasefire-palestinian-pm-ismail-haniya-calls-for.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Operation Summer Rains_
