### [2015-06-9](/news/2015/06/9/index.md)

# The Turkish cabinet led by current Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu submits its resignation, but is asked to stay on until a new government forms after the election. 

Reeling&#x20;from&#x20;shock&#x20;election&#x20;results,&#x20;Turkey&#x27;s&#x20;President&#x20;Recep&#x20;Tayyip&#x20;Erdogan&#x20;on&#x20;Tuesday&#x20;accepted&#x20;the&#x20;resignation&#x20;of&#x20;the&#x20;cabinet&#x20;but&#x20;asked&#x20;the&#x20;prime&#x20;minister&#x20;and&#x20;his&#x20;team&#x20;to&#x20;stay&#x20;on&#x20;until&#x20;a&#x20;new&#x20;government&#x20;is&#x20;formed.


### Source:

1. [AFP via France 24](http://www.france24.com/en/20150609-turkey-elections-cabinet-resigns-erdogan-remains-silent-akp-hdp)

### Related:

1. [Justice and Development Party leadership election, 2016: Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu announces his resignation effective 22 May amid conflict with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan over Turkey-s increasingly authoritarian rule. Davutoglu said he would step down following an extraordinary meeting of AKP party leaders scheduled for May 22. ](/news/2016/05/5/justice-and-development-party-leadership-election-2016-turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-announces-his-resignation-effective-22-may.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoglu, Turkey, Turkish Prime Minister_
2. [PKK rebellion: Turkey-ISIL conflict: A car bomb, targeting an armored vehicle transporting police personnel, explodes close to a bus terminal in the Baglar district of Diyarbakir, Turkey, killing at least seven police officers and wounding 27 more people, including 13 officers, according to a joint statement by Turkish officials and the police. The attack comes one day before Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu's scheduled visit to the city. There has been no claim of responsibility. CNN points out both Kurdish rebels and ISIL militants have claimed similar recent incidents. ](/news/2016/03/31/pkk-rebellion-turkey-isil-conflict-a-car-bomb-targeting-an-armored-vehicle-transporting-police-personnel-explodes-close-to-a-bus-termi.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoglu, Turkey, Turkish Prime Minister_
3. [Syrian Civil War: President Recep Tayyip Erdogan proclaims Turkey's right to launch operations in Syria against -terrorist organizations.- Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu tells reporters, "The only thing we expect from our U.S. ally is to support Turkey with no ifs or buts." ](/news/2016/02/20/syrian-civil-war-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-proclaims-turkey-s-right-to-launch-operations-in-syria-against-terrorist-organizations.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoglu, Turkey, Turkish Prime Minister_
4. [2015 Russian Sukhoi Su-24 shootdown: Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu says the body of the pilot from the Sukhoi Su-24 jet downed this past Tuesday will be handed over to Russia. The body is being treated in accordance with the Orthodox tradition. Russia's military attache is going to Hatay in southern Turkey as part of the procedures to recover the remains. Turkish officials refused to comment on how they came to be in possession of the body. ](/news/2015/11/29/2015-russian-sukhoi-su-24-shootdown-turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-says-the-body-of-the-pilot-from-the-sukhoi-su-24-jet-downed-thi.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoglu, Turkey, Turkish Prime Minister_
5. [2015 Russian Sukhoi Su-24 shootdown: Russia-Turkey relations: A day after Turkey's president Recep Tayyip Erdogan had harsh words for Russia, Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu, in an essay in the London "Times", says the downing of the Russian jet, "was not -- and is not -- an act against a specific country. ... While the measures to defend our territory will remain in place, Turkey will work with Russia and our allies to calm tensions." ](/news/2015/11/28/2015-russian-sukhoi-su-24-shootdown-russia-turkey-relations-a-day-after-turkey-s-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-had-harsh-words-for-rus.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoglu, Turkey, Turkish Prime Minister_
6. [Ataturk Airport attack: Turkey-ISIL conflict: Suspected ISIL militants attack Turkey's Istanbul Ataturk Airport. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says 36 people were killed, as were the three suicide bombers. Justice Minister Bekir Bozdag says 147 were wounded. ](/news/2016/06/28/atata1-4rk-airport-attack-turkey-isil-conflict-suspected-isil-militants-attack-turkey-s-istanbul-atata1-4rk-airport-turkish-prime-minister.md) _Context: Turkey, Turkish Prime Minister_
7. [ Binali Yildirim is appointed Prime Minister of Turkey after the resignation of Ahmet Davutoglu amid disagreements with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. ](/news/2016/05/23/binali-ya-lda-ra-m-is-appointed-prime-minister-of-turkey-after-the-resignation-of-ahmet-davutoalu-amid-disagreements-with-president-recep.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoglu, Turkish Prime Minister_
8. [European migrant crisis: German Chancellor Angela Merkel, European Council President Donald Tusk, and European Commission Vice-President Frans Timmermans meet with Syrian refugees at a camp in the southeastern Turkish town of Nizip prior to talks with a delegation led by Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. Davutoglu stresses the importance of implementation of European Union visa liberalization for Turkish citizens in assuring the success of Europe's migrant readmission agreement with his country. Tusk announces that the EU will spend 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) this summer on projects to improve the lives of Syrian migrants. ](/news/2016/04/23/european-migrant-crisis-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-european-council-president-donald-tusk-and-european-commission-vice-president-fra.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoglu, Turkey_
9. [European migrant crisis: Today's European Union summit with Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu in Brussels, Belgium, will discuss ways to stanch the flow of European-bound migrants. ](/news/2016/03/7/european-migrant-crisis-today-s-european-union-summit-with-turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-in-brussels-belgium-will-discuss-ways.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoglu, Turkish Prime Minister_
10. [January 2016 Istanbul bombing: At least 10 people are killed and 15 injured, mostly German tourists, following an explosion in Istanbul's Sultanahmet Square. A Syrian suicide bomber, an ISIL member, is responsible, according to Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. ](/news/2016/01/12/january-2016-istanbul-bombing-at-least-10-people-are-killed-and-15-injured-mostly-german-tourists-following-an-explosion-in-istanbul-s-su.md) _Context: Ahmet Davutoglu, Turkish Prime Minister_
