### [2015-06-9](/news/2015/06/9/index.md)

# The United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit upholds a Texan law providing that abortion clinics meet the same standards as hospital style surgical clinics meaning that many abortion clinics must upgrade or close. 




### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/10/us/court-upholds-texas-law-criticized-as-blocking-access-to-abortions.html)

### Related:

1. [United States presidential election, 2016. The United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit affirms previous rulings that Texas' 2011 voter ID law is discriminatory and does not comply with the Voting Rights Act, and orders a lower court to resolve the problem in time for the November elections. ](/news/2016/07/20/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-fifth-circuit-affirms-previous-rulings-that-texas-201.md) _Context: 5th Circuit Court of Appeals, Texas_
2. [The U.S. Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals strikes down a state law in Texas that had required that voters show identification before casting ballots. ](/news/2015/08/5/the-u-s-fifth-circuit-court-of-appeals-strikes-down-a-state-law-in-texas-that-had-required-that-voters-show-identification-before-casting-b.md) _Context: 5th Circuit Court of Appeals, Texas_
3. [Lawmakers in the US state of Texas pass a healthcare bill imposing further restrictions on abortion. ](/news/2011/06/27/lawmakers-in-the-us-state-of-texas-pass-a-healthcare-bill-imposing-further-restrictions-on-abortion.md) _Context: Texas, abortion_
4. [Abortion in Chile. Chilean lawmakers have approved a bill that would legalize abortion in limited circumstances and end the socially conservative country's status as the last in South America with a blanket ban on the procedure. ](/news/2017/08/3/abortion-in-chile-chilean-lawmakers-have-approved-a-bill-that-would-legalize-abortion-in-limited-circumstances-and-end-the-socially-conserv.md) _Context: abortion_
5. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season. Harvey becomes a hurricane, expected to make landfall on the Texas coast at Category 3, bringing life-threatening storm surge, rainfall, and wind hazards. ](/news/2017/08/24/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-harvey-becomes-a-hurricane-expected-to-make-landfall-on-the-texas-coast-at-category-3-bringing-life-threat.md) _Context: Texas_
6. [Economy of the United States. Berkshire Hathaway Inc. agrees to pay USD $9 billion to buy the parent of Texas power transmission company Oncor Electric Delivery. ](/news/2017/07/7/economy-of-the-united-states-berkshire-hathaway-inc-agrees-to-pay-usd-9-billion-to-buy-the-parent-of-texas-power-transmission-company-onc.md) _Context: Texas_
7. [Politics of the United Kingdom. After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/politics-of-the-united-kingdom-after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-an.md) _Context: abortion_
8. [April 2017 North American storm complex. At least 7 people are killed in the US states of Missouri, Arkansas and Texas due to tornadoes and floods. ](/news/2017/04/29/april-2017-north-american-storm-complex-at-least-7-people-are-killed-in-the-us-states-of-missouri-arkansas-and-texas-due-to-tornadoes-and.md) _Context: Texas_
9. [List of offenders executed in the United States in 2017. Arkansas becomes the first U.S. state since Texas in 2000 to hold two executions on the same day as executes convicted murderers Jack Jones, Jr. and Marcel Williams. ](/news/2017/04/24/list-of-offenders-executed-in-the-united-states-in-2017-arkansas-becomes-the-first-u-s-state-since-texas-in-2000-to-hold-two-executions-on.md) _Context: Texas_
10. [Voter ID laws in the United States. A federal district court for southern Texas rules that the state's voter ID law was passed in 2011 with the intent to discriminate against minority voters. The 5th Circuit Court of Appeals previously found that the law had the effect of discriminating against minority voters, and remanded the case to the district court for further action. ](/news/2017/04/10/voter-id-laws-in-the-united-states-a-federal-district-court-for-southern-texas-rules-that-the-state-s-voter-id-law-was-passed-in-2011-with.md) _Context: 5th Circuit Court of Appeals_
