### [2015-11-9](/news/2015/11/9/index.md)

#  2015 University of Missouri protests. In the U.S., after mounting criticism over his handling of racial issues, University of Missouri System president Tim Wolfe announces his resignation; the Board of Curators votes to accept his resignation. R. Bowen Loftin, chancellor of the flagship Columbia campus, announces he will step down from his post by the end of the year. 

University of Missouri system president Tim Wolfe resigned Monday amid student protests, and MU Chancellor R. Bowen Loftin announced he will transition to a new role at the end of this year.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/US/university-missouri-president-tim-wolfe-resigns-amid-protests/story?id=35076098)
2. [ESPN](http://espn.go.com/college-football/story/_/id/14089689/missouri-tigers-president-tim-wolfe-resigns-amid-racial-unrest)
3. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2015/11/09/mizzou-faculty-walks-out-student-association-calls-presidents-removal/75448392/)

### Related:

1. [In the United States, University of Missouri head football coach Gary Pinkel tweets his support for the 30 black football players who, because of racial tensions on campus, are boycotting team activities until the president of the University of Missouri System, Tim Wolfe, is removed. Pinkel and athletics director Mack Rhoades issue a statement that the Tigers will not resume football activities until Missouri student Jonathan Butler ends his hunger strike against Wolfe. ](/news/2015/11/8/in-the-united-states-university-of-missouri-head-football-coach-gary-pinkel-tweets-his-support-for-the-30-black-football-players-who-becau.md) _Context: Columbia campus, Tim Wolfe, United States, University of Missouri System_
2. [115th United States Congress. U.S. lawmakers break for summer recess. ](/news/2017/08/3/115th-united-states-congress-u-s-lawmakers-break-for-summer-recess.md) _Context: United States_
3. [Solar eclipse of August 21, 2017. Millions of United States residents and visitors are able to witness a total solar eclipse that crosses through North America. It is the first total solar eclipse visible across the entire contiguous United States since the solar eclipse of June 8, 1918. ](/news/2017/08/21/solar-eclipse-of-august-21-2017-millions-of-united-states-residents-and-visitors-are-able-to-witness-a-total-solar-eclipse-that-crosses-th.md) _Context: United States_
4. [Immigration policy of Donald Trump. United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the RAISE Act, a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. ](/news/2017/08/2/immigration-policy-of-donald-trump-united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-ra.md) _Context: United States_
5. [Gene editing. Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos. ](/news/2017/08/2/gene-editing-teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece.md) _Context: United States_
6. [Sanctuary cities. California and San Francisco sue the United States Federal government over its opposition towards sanctuary cities. ](/news/2017/08/14/sanctuary-cities-california-and-san-francisco-sue-the-united-states-federal-government-over-its-opposition-towards-sanctuary-cities.md) _Context: United States_
7. [2017 G20 Hamburg summit. The summit announces it is unable to gain agreement on climate change between the United States and the other 19 members of this international forum. ](/news/2017/07/8/2017-g20-hamburg-summit-the-summit-announces-it-is-unable-to-gain-agreement-on-climate-change-between-the-united-states-and-the-other-19-me.md) _Context: United States_
8. [Executive Order 13780. The United States extends the restrictions deadline for refugees. ](/news/2017/07/5/executive-order-13780-the-united-states-extends-the-restrictions-deadline-for-refugees.md) _Context: United States_
9. [United States-Venezuela relations. The United States sanctions Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro over the controversial Constitutional Assembly election which critics say is an attempt to establish a dictatorship. ](/news/2017/07/31/united-states-venezuela-relations-the-united-states-sanctions-venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-over-the-controversial-constitutional.md) _Context: United States_
10. [Russia-United States relations. Russian President Vladimir Putin expels 755 U.S. diplomats in response to new sanctions imposed by the United States. ](/news/2017/07/30/russia-united-states-relations-russian-president-vladimir-putin-expels-755-u-s-diplomats-in-response-to-new-sanctions-imposed-by-the-uni.md) _Context: United States_
