### [2015-11-9](/news/2015/11/9/index.md)

#  A Jordanian policeman shoots dead two American instructors and a South African before being killed at a police training centre in Al-Muwaqqar, on the eastern outskirts of Amman. U.S. contractors are sent to the facility to assist Jordanian police trainers. 

A Jordanian policeman opens fire at a police training centre outside Amman, killing two Americans, a South African and two Jordanians, officials say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-34764040)

### Related:

1. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met today in Berlin with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu regarding the recent spate of violence between Palestinians and Israelis. Kerry will meet on Saturday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and King Abdullah of Jordan in Amman. ](/news/2015/10/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-met-today-in-berlin-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-regarding-the-recent-spate-of-violence.md) _Context: Amman, Jordan, U.S._
2. [ Militants fire rockets on a United States military aircraft containing three US Senators (Richard Shelby, Mel Martinez and James Inhofe) as well as Rep. Bud Cramer as it leaves Baghdad for Amman in Jordan. ](/news/2007/08/30/militants-fire-rockets-on-a-united-states-military-aircraft-containing-three-us-senators-richard-shelby-mel-martinez-and-james-inhofe-as.md) _Context: Amman, Jordan, U.S._
3. [A Muslim preacher from a local mosque shoots and kills Jordanian writer and cartoonist Nahed Hattar in front of a courthouse in the capital Amman. Authorities take the gunman into custody.](/news/2016/09/25/a-muslim-preacher-from-a-local-mosque-shoots-and-kills-jordanian-writer-and-cartoonist-nahed-hattar-in-front-of-a-courthouse-in-the-capital.md) _Context: Amman, Jordan_
4. [The father of  Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While  generally free of liability under U.S. law  which  provides a legal ''safe harbor'' for content posted, this case targets  the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015-paris-massacre-files-suit-i.md) _Context: Jordan, November 9, 2015, attack_
5. [The United States delivers eight UH-60 Black Hawk helicopters to Jordan to help the Jordanian Armed Forces defend the country from the threat of ISIL.  ](/news/2016/03/3/the-united-states-delivers-eight-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopters-to-jordan-to-help-the-jordanian-armed-forces-defend-the-country-from-the-threa.md) _Context: Jordan, U.S._
6. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: Jordan, U.S._
7. [Pope Francis arrives in Amman, Jordan, for the first day of a three day trip to the Middle East. ](/news/2014/05/24/pope-francis-arrives-in-amman-jordan-for-the-first-day-of-a-three-day-trip-to-the-middle-east.md) _Context: Amman, Jordan_
8. [The United States expands its military presence in Jordan, sending a Patriot missile battery and an undeclared number of F-16 fighters to the area. ](/news/2013/06/4/the-united-states-expands-its-military-presence-in-jordan-sending-a-patriot-missile-battery-and-an-undeclared-number-of-f-16-fighters-to-th.md) _Context: Jordan, U.S._
9. [The United States, Canada, and Jordan boycott a meeting of the UN General Assembly organized by a former Serbian foreign minister, Vuk Jeremic. ](/news/2013/04/10/the-united-states-canada-and-jordan-boycott-a-meeting-of-the-un-general-assembly-organized-by-a-former-serbian-foreign-minister-vuk-jerem.md) _Context: Jordan, U.S._
10. [Sulaiman Abu Ghaith, alleged spokesman for al-Qaeda and said to be the son-in-law of Osama bin Laden, is captured in Jordan and faces criminal charges in the United States. ](/news/2013/03/7/sulaiman-abu-ghaith-alleged-spokesman-for-al-qaeda-and-said-to-be-the-son-in-law-of-osama-bin-laden-is-captured-in-jordan-and-faces-crimin.md) _Context: Jordan, U.S._
