### [2015-11-9](/news/2015/11/9/index.md)

# A World Anti-Doping Agency investigation into a Russian doping scandal recommends the suspension of Russian athletes from international competition and lifetime bans for five athletes, four coaches and an administrator. Among the athletes are London Olympic medalists Mariya Savinova-Farnosova and Ekaterina Poistogova. 

Find the latest sports news and articles on the NFL, MLB, NBA, NHL, NCAA college football, NCAA college basketball and more at ABC News.


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News America](http://abcnews.go.com/Sports/wireStory/latest-pound-state-supported-doping-russia-35071845)

### Related:

1. [Russian Sports Minister Vitaly Mutko says there will be no boycott of next year's Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, and that he is ready to own up to some of the charges leveled in the World Anti-Doping Agency commission's massive report on doping, the Associated Press reports. ](/news/2015/11/12/russian-sports-minister-vitaly-mutko-says-there-will-be-no-boycott-of-next-year-s-olympics-in-rio-de-janeiro-and-that-he-is-ready-to-own-up.md) _Context: Russia, World Anti-Doping Agency, doping_
2. [Darya Klishina, Russia's sole track and field competitor at the Rio Olympics, has her exemption to Russia's blanket ban revoked. Reportedly, new evidence  emerged in relation to a World Anti-Doping Agency report. Klishina is appealing the decision to the Court of Arbitration for Sport. ](/news/2016/08/13/darya-klishina-russia-s-sole-track-and-field-competitor-at-the-rio-olympics-has-her-exemption-to-russia-s-blanket-ban-revoked-reportedly.md) _Context: Russia, World Anti-Doping Agency_
3. [Ten Olympic weightlifters fail a drug test in a reanalysis of samples from the 2012 Summer Olympics. Among them are four Kazakh gold medalists: Ilya Ilyin, Zulfiya Chinshanlo, Svetlana Podobedova and Maiya Maneza. The other athletes represent Azerbaijan, Belarus, Russia, and  Ukraine. All ten lifters are provisionally suspended by the International Weightlifting Federation and are expected to be stripped of their titles. ](/news/2016/06/16/ten-olympic-weightlifters-fail-a-drug-test-in-a-reanalysis-of-samples-from-the-2012-summer-olympics-among-them-are-four-kazakh-gold-medalis.md) _Context: 2012 Summer Olympics, Russia_
4. [Russian Sports Minister Vitaly Mutko says they will not open up a formal investigation into the doping scandals that were reported by the World Anti-Doping Agency last November, where it documented Russian athletes systematically taking banned performance-enhancing drugs with state support. ](/news/2016/04/8/russian-sports-minister-vitaly-mutko-says-they-will-not-open-up-a-formal-investigation-into-the-doping-scandals-that-were-reported-by-the-wo.md) _Context: Russia, World Anti-Doping Agency_
5. [Russian tennis star Maria Sharapova tests positive for meldonium at the 2016 Australian Open tennis championship. She has taken the drug since 2006 on prescription for health issues. World Anti-Doping Agency President Craig Reedie says an athlete found guilty of using meldonium would normally face a one-year suspension. ](/news/2016/03/7/russian-tennis-star-maria-sharapova-tests-positive-for-meldonium-at-the-2016-australian-open-tennis-championship-she-has-taken-the-drug-sin.md) _Context: Russia, World Anti-Doping Agency_
6. [Six Russian athletes are to be stripped of the medals they won at World and European championships in 2010 and 2011 and the 2012 Summer Olympics following a ruling by the Court of Arbitration for Sport. The athletes affected are Sergei Balukin, Valeriy Borchin, Vladimir Kanaikin, Olga Kaniskina, Yulia Zaripova and Sergey Kirdyapkin. The ruling means Kirdyapkin is set to lose his gold medal won at the 2012 Olympics. ](/news/2016/03/24/six-russian-athletes-are-to-be-stripped-of-the-medals-they-won-at-world-and-european-championships-in-2010-and-2011-and-the-2012-summer-olym.md) _Context: 2012 Summer Olympics, Russia_
7. [Yelena Isinbayeva, a former Russian Olympic pole-vaulting champion calls on the IAAF not to punish honest athletes in response to doping allegations against Russia. ](/news/2015/11/13/yelena-isinbayeva-a-former-russian-olympic-pole-vaulting-champion-calls-on-the-iaaf-not-to-punish-honest-athletes-in-response-to-doping-all.md) _Context: Russia, doping_
8. [The International Association of Athletics Federations votes overwhelmingly to ban Russian athletes and the All-Russia Athletic Federation from international competitions following overwhelming evidence of widespread state sponsored doping in a World Anti-Doping Agency report. ](/news/2015/11/13/the-international-association-of-athletics-federations-votes-overwhelmingly-to-ban-russian-athletes-and-the-all-russia-athletic-federation-f.md) _Context: All-Russia Athletic Federation, World Anti-Doping Agency_
9. [Lamine Diack, who is provisionally suspended as an honorary member of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) in connection with  suspected involvement in the  Russian doping scandal cited in yesterday's World Anti-Doping Agency report, resigns as president of the Monaco-based International Athletics Foundation (IAF), according to the  International Association of Athletics Federations (IAFF). Diack  stepped down as president of the IAAF in August.   The 82-year-old native of Senegal is under investigation in France on suspicion of corruption and money-laundering. ](/news/2015/11/10/lamine-diack-who-is-provisionally-suspended-as-an-honorary-member-of-the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-in-connection-with-suspecte.md) _Context: Russia, World Anti-Doping Agency_
10. [Four athletes who won medals at the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens are disqualified for doping. Ukraine's Yuriy Bilonoh will lose his gold medal in the shot put, while Belarus hammer thrower Ivan Tsikhan must return his silver. Two Athens bronze medalists, Russian shot putter Svetlana Krivelyova and discus thrower Irina Yatchenko of Belarus, are also affected by the IOC decision. No decision was taken on reallocating the medals yet. ](/news/2012/12/6/four-athletes-who-won-medals-at-the-2004-olympic-games-in-athens-are-disqualified-for-doping-ukraine-s-yuriy-bilonoh-will-lose-his-gold-med.md) _Context: Russia, doping_
