### [2015-11-9](/news/2015/11/9/index.md)

# Cyclone Megh. Cyclone Megh had sustained winds of 204 km/h (127 mph), the equivalent of a Category 3 hurricane, when it hit the island of Socotra. According to AFP, Megh killed six, injured dozens with three reported missing and 5,000 people forced to leave their homes. 

Cyclone Megh slammed into the Yemeni island of Socotra with winds of 127 mph on Sunday.


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo](http://news.yahoo.com/second-cyclone-kills-6-yemen-island-203101338.html)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/11/panic-cyclone-hits-yemen-week-deadly-weather-151108081019982.html)
3. [Regional Specialized Meteorological Center](http://www.rsmcnewdelhi.imd.gov.in/images/bulletin/rsmc.pdf)
4. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/08/us-yemen-cyclone-idUSKCN0SX0TD20151108#x3ZfgHQ8zQJ5rsA8.97)
5. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/weather/2015/11/08/cyclone-megh-yemen-socotra/75411872/)
6. [United States Naval Observatory](http://www.usno.navy.mil/NOOC/nmfc-ph/RSS/jtwc/warnings/io0515web.txt)

### Related:

1. [2016 Pacific typhoon season. Typhoon Nida makes landfall near Hong Kong with Category 1 hurricane strength. ](/news/2016/08/2/2016-pacific-typhoon-season-typhoon-nida-makes-landfall-near-hong-kong-with-category-1-hurricane-strength.md) _Context: Category 1 hurricane_
2. [2015 North Indian Ocean cyclone season. Cyclone Chapala. ""Ravaged by months of war, Yemen now gets battered by the first tropical storm on record to make landfall"." Extremely Severe Cyclonic Storm Chapala slams into Yemen's central coast, with maximum sustained winds of around 140 kph (85 mph) -- the equivalent of a Category 1 hurricane. The storm floods coastal areas, brings down electricity lines and destroys houses, with severe threat of mudslides. Chapala is expected to pour over two or three years worth of rain, up to 300 millimeters (12 inches), in a single day. ](/news/2015/11/3/2015-north-indian-ocean-cyclone-season-cyclone-chapala-ravaged-by-months-of-war-yemen-now-gets-battered-by-the-first-tropical-storm-on.md) _Context: Category 1 hurricane_
3. [2015 North Indian Ocean cyclone season. At least one person is killed after Cyclone Chapala hits Yemen's Socotra island in the Indian Ocean with flooding reported in Hadibu, the provincial capital. The severe cyclone is expected to cause considerable damage when it makes landfall on Yemeni mainland. ](/news/2015/11/2/2015-north-indian-ocean-cyclone-season-at-least-one-person-is-killed-after-cyclone-chapala-hits-yemen-s-socotra-island-in-the-indian-ocean.md) _Context: Socotra_
4. [A series of bomb blasts targeting Shia Muslims in the Bangladeshi capital Dhaka kills at least one person and injures dozens more. Claims of responsibility by ISIS are discounted by Dhaka police who told AFP, "So far we have not found any link to any militant group." ](/news/2015/10/24/a-series-of-bomb-blasts-targeting-shia-muslims-in-the-bangladeshi-capital-dhaka-kills-at-least-one-person-and-injures-dozens-more-claims-of.md) _Context: AFP_
5. [2015 Pacific hurricane season. Hurricane Patricia, which hit the Mexican coast as a Category 5 storm, appeared to leave remarkably little damage as it moved rapidly inland over mountainous western Mexico and is now a tropical depression (35 mph/55 kph). The storm is currently centered northeast of Zacatecas, Mexico, moving northeast at 24 mph/39 kph. While there are no reports of casualties or substantial widespread damage, authorities warn deadly floods and mudslides remain possible. ](/news/2015/10/24/2015-pacific-hurricane-season-hurricane-patricia-which-hit-the-mexican-coast-as-a-category-5-storm-appeared-to-leave-remarkably-little-da.md) _Context: Category 1 hurricane_
6. [2015 Pacific hurricane season. Hurricane Patricia makes landfall at Playa Perula in Mexico's western Jalisco state . The storm strengthens into a powerful Category 5 hurricane with winds of 200 mph and gusts up to 245 mph. The NHC has called the storm "potentially catastrophic" for Mexico. Patricia is expected to produce total rainfall accumulations of 6 to 12 inches, with isolated maximum amounts of 20 inches, through Saturday. These rains could produce life-threatening flash floods and mud slides. ](/news/2015/10/23/2015-pacific-hurricane-season-hurricane-patricia-makes-landfall-at-playa-perula-in-mexico-s-western-jalisco-state-the-storm-strengthens-i.md) _Context: Category 1 hurricane_
7. [2015 Burkinabe coup d'etat. After a tense standoff, Burkina Faso's military crushed the elite presidential guard and seized the coup's abandoned headquarters. The former head of the guard, Gen. Gilbert Diendere, had called on his men to lay down their weapons to avoid a bloodbath. Diendere told Agence France-Presse (AFP) he feared -many deaths and injuries- in the operation. It is unclear whether there are casualties. ](/news/2015/09/29/2015-burkinaba-c-coup-d-a-c-tat-after-a-tense-standoff-burkina-faso-s-military-crushed-the-elite-presidential-guard-and-seized-the-coup-s-aba.md) _Context: AFP_
8. [AFP reports on Israel's plans to counter a Palestinian bid for enhanced United Nations status later this month. ](/news/2012/11/6/afp-reports-on-israel-s-plans-to-counter-a-palestinian-bid-for-enhanced-united-nations-status-later-this-month.md) _Context: AFP_
9. [Syrian civil war:. A car bomb attack by unknown people near a Palestinian refugee camp in the Damascene suburb of Sbeineh ("Sabina") kills at least 15 people. AFP says rebels claim the capture of the village of Harem near Idlib on the Turkish border, after a 3-day siege; the government still keeps air supremacy. U.N. envoy Lakhdar Brahimi says it is both conflict parties' duty to try to reach peace. ](/news/2012/09/2/syrian-civil-war-a-car-bomb-attack-by-unknown-people-near-a-palestinian-refugee-camp-in-the-damascene-suburb-of-sbeineh-sabina-kills-a.md) _Context: AFP_
10. [Agence France-Presse reports that the military of Guinea-Bissau have staged a coup against the civilian government. ](/news/2012/04/12/agence-france-presse-reports-that-the-military-of-guinea-bissau-have-staged-a-coup-against-the-civilian-government.md) _Context: AFP_
