### [2015-11-9](/news/2015/11/9/index.md)

# European migrant crisis: Slovenia tightens controls over its Schengen border with Croatia due to concerns of an influx of migrants. 

Slovenian government said Monday it would take urgent measures to strengthen control of its Schengen border with Croatia, fearing an expected new wave of migrants would be scarcely manageable. &quot;The government has prepared additional urgent measures to manage the migrants&#x27; flow, including the


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo News](http://news.yahoo.com/slovenia-tighten-border-control-fears-unmanageable-migrant-wave-223621141.html;_ylt=AwrC1zHbJUFWdUAAl9DQtDMD;_ylu=X3oDMTByOHZyb21tBGNvbG8DYmYxBHBvcwMxBHZ0aWQDBHNlYwNzcg--)

### Related:

1. [European migrant crisis: Macedonia, Serbia, Croatia, and Slovenia shut their borders to so-called economic migrants, those not coming from war-torn countries such as Syria, Afghanistan, or Iraq, leaving thousands stranded at Balkan border crossings. Around 500 migrants from Iran, Morocco, and Algeria gather on the border between Greece and Macedonia to protest the closure. ](/news/2015/11/20/european-migrant-crisis-macedonia-serbia-croatia-and-slovenia-shut-their-borders-to-so-called-economic-migrants-those-not-coming-from-w.md) _Context: Croatia, European migrant crisis, Slovenia_
2. [European migrant crisis: Slovenian border barrier: Slovenia's army begins erecting a razor wire fence along parts of its southern border with Croatia in order to stop a tide of illegal migrants entering the country. Around 180,000 people, mainly from Syria and Afghanistan have streamed into Slovenia since mid-October after trekking northwards along a Balkan corridor from Greece, most of them bound ultimately for Germany. ](/news/2015/11/11/european-migrant-crisis-slovenian-border-barrier-slovenia-s-army-begins-erecting-a-razor-wire-fence-along-parts-of-its-southern-border-wit.md) _Context: Croatia, European migrant crisis, Slovenia_
3. [European migrant crisis: Slovenia's prime minister, Miro Cerar says Slovenia is ready to build a fence on its border with Croatia if an EU plan to stem the flow of migrants across the Balkans fails. ](/news/2015/10/28/european-migrant-crisis-slovenia-s-prime-minister-miro-cerar-says-slovenia-is-ready-to-build-a-fence-on-its-border-with-croatia-if-an-eu-p.md) _Context: Croatia, European migrant crisis, Slovenia_
4. [European migrant crisis: Authorities in Slovenia say around 2,000 migrants from a refugee camp at the Croatian border are traveling in four trains toward Austria, three to the overloaded crossing at Sentilj and the other to Jesenice. ](/news/2015/10/22/european-migrant-crisis-authorities-in-slovenia-say-around-2-000-migrants-from-a-refugee-camp-at-the-croatian-border-are-traveling-in-four.md) _Context: Croatia, European migrant crisis, Slovenia_
5. [European migrant crisis: The first migrants reach Slovenia after the border between Hungary and Croatia is closed. ](/news/2015/10/17/european-migrant-crisis-the-first-migrants-reach-slovenia-after-the-border-between-hungary-and-croatia-is-closed.md) _Context: Croatia, European migrant crisis, Slovenia_
6. [European migrant crisis: EU-Turkey relations: The European Union proposes visa-free travel for Turkish citizens within Europe's Schengen Area and invites member states and EU lawmakers to endorse the move by June 30. The EU says Turkey has met all but five of the 72 criteria included in the agreement in exchange for its efforts to stop asylum seekers from reaching Europe. This visa deal also needs approval from the European Parliament. ](/news/2016/05/4/european-migrant-crisis-eu-turkey-relations-the-european-union-proposes-visa-free-travel-for-turkish-citizens-within-europe-s-schengen-are.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, free travel_
7. [European migrant crisis: Macedonia says it will no longer let any migrants through its southern border with Greece, effectively blocking the Balkan route for migrants. The decision came after Slovenia barred access to migrants transiting the country. There are around 13,000 migrants now stranded at the Macedonia-Greece border. ](/news/2016/03/9/european-migrant-crisis-macedonia-says-it-will-no-longer-let-any-migrants-through-its-southern-border-with-greece-effectively-blocking-the.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Slovenia_
8. [European migrant crisis: The European Commission proposes an end-of-year target date for lifting internal border checks and restoring the 26-nation, passport-free Schengen Area. ](/news/2016/03/4/european-migrant-crisis-the-european-commission-proposes-an-end-of-year-target-date-for-lifting-internal-border-checks-and-restoring-the-26.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, free travel_
9. [European migrant crisis: Slovenia announces that it will be clamping down on the number of migrants that it will allow to enter the country. ](/news/2016/02/14/european-migrant-crisis-slovenia-announces-that-it-will-be-clamping-down-on-the-number-of-migrants-that-it-will-allow-to-enter-the-country.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Slovenia_
10. [European migrant crisis: Greece faces suspension or expulsion from the European Union's Schengen Area if it can not prevent waves of migrants from crossing over the country into Macedonia. ](/news/2016/01/25/european-migrant-crisis-greece-faces-suspension-or-expulsion-from-the-european-union-s-schengen-area-if-it-can-not-prevent-waves-of-migrant.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, free travel_
