### [2015-11-9](/news/2015/11/9/index.md)

# Federal district court judge  Richard Leon rules the National Security Agency's bulk collection  of U.S. phone records is unconstitutional. This ruling  has limited impact since it applies to only one case, and the NSA is scheduled to replace this protocol with a more targeted system the end of this month. 

A U.S. federal judge on Monday for the first time ordered the National Security Agency to cease collecting the phone call records of a lawyer and his firm, providing an unprecedented but narrow and largely symbolic victory to privacy advocates.


### Source:

1. [Foreign Policy](http://foreignpolicy.com/2015/11/09/judge-orders-limits-on-nsa-spy-program-20-days-before-it-ends/)
2. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/2015/11/09/us-usa-nsa-injunction-idINKCN0SY2EA20151109)

### Related:

1. [American judge Richard J. Leon of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia rules that the National Security Agency collecting domestic phone records was unconstitutional in ''Klayman vs Obama''. A stay has been placed on the ruling pending an appeal by the US Government. ](/news/2013/12/16/american-judge-richard-j-leon-of-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-district-of-columbia-rules-that-the-national-security-agency-coll.md) _Context: National Security Agency, Richard Leon, U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia_
2. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel's office confirms German Federal Intelligence Service President Gerhard Schindler will be replaced by Bruno Kahl. Schindler has been widely criticized following the disclosure his agency spied for the U.S. National Security Agency. ](/news/2016/04/27/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-s-office-confirms-german-federal-intelligence-service-president-gerhard-schindler-will-be-replaced-by-bruno.md) _Context: National Security Agency, United States_
3. [The United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia suspends district court judge Richard Leon's ruling yesterday that found the U.S. National Security Agency's phone data collection program is unconstitutional. Leon's decision barred the agency from further collection of data on the plaintiffs in the case -- California attorney J.J. Little and his law firm -- but did not have sufficient authority to outlaw the practice against all Americans. The government plea for the injunction said it will take "at least several weeks" for the NSA to implement a technical change that would prevent collection of Little's data and therefore the entire program would have to shut down early based on Leon's order. ](/news/2015/11/10/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-district-of-columbia-suspends-district-court-judge-richard-leon-s-ruling-yesterday-that-found-the.md) _Context: National Security Agency, United States_
4. [The United States announces plans to relinquish remaining controls of the Internet following revelations of National Security Agency surveillance last year. ](/news/2014/03/14/the-united-states-announces-plans-to-relinquish-remaining-controls-of-the-internet-following-revelations-of-national-security-agency-surveil.md) _Context: National Security Agency, United States_
5. [U.S. District Judge William Pauley rules that the country's National Security Agency (NSA) acted lawfully, within the limits of the U.S. Constitution, when, after the September 11, 2001 attacks, it began an en masse bulk collection of metadata from American telephone records. The opinion, which throws out an ACLU lawsuit for now, is in contrast to Judge Richard Leon's earlier ruling in another district. ](/news/2013/12/27/u-s-district-judge-william-pauley-rules-that-the-country-s-national-security-agency-nsa-acted-lawfully-within-the-limits-of-the-u-s-con.md) _Context: National Security Agency, Richard Leon_
6. [ United States District Judge Emmet G. Sullivan overturns the conviction of former Alaska Senator Ted Stevens. ](/news/2009/04/7/united-states-district-judge-emmet-g-sullivan-overturns-the-conviction-of-former-alaska-senator-ted-stevens.md) _Context: U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia, United States_
7. [ U.S. Federal Judge Richard J. Leon orders the release of 21-year-old Guantanamo Bay detainee Muhammad Hamid Al Qarani, who was imprisoned in 2002. ](/news/2009/01/14/u-s-federal-judge-richard-j-leon-orders-the-release-of-21-year-old-guanta-namo-bay-detainee-muhammad-hamid-al-qarani-who-was-imprisoned.md) _Context: Richard Leon, United States_
8. [ Five Guantnamo Bay detainees who successfully argued ''Boumediene v. Bush'' before the Supreme Court are ordered freed by Judge Richard J. Leon of the District Court for Washington, D.C. ](/news/2008/11/20/five-guantanamo-bay-detainees-who-successfully-argued-boumediene-v-bush-before-the-supreme-court-are-ordered-freed-by-judge-richard-j.md) _Context: Richard Leon, U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia_
9. [ United States President George W. Bush announces that the NSA has ended its practice of warrantless wiretapping for domestic surveillance, and will go to the courts for warrants in the future. ](/news/2007/01/17/united-states-president-george-w-bush-announces-that-the-nsa-has-ended-its-practice-of-warrantless-wiretapping-for-domestic-surveillance.md) _Context: National Security Agency, United States_
10. [ A United States Appeals Court in Cincinnati, Ohio rules that  the U.S. government can continue to use its warrantless domestic wiretap program pending the Justice Department's appeal of a federal judge's ruling outlawing the program. ](/news/2006/10/4/a-united-states-appeals-court-in-cincinnati-ohio-rules-that-the-u-s-government-can-continue-to-use-its-warrantless-domestic-wiretap-prog.md) _Context: United States, illegally monitoring_
