### [2015-11-9](/news/2015/11/9/index.md)

# In the United States, the University of Virginia fraternity that was the subject of a "Rolling Stone" article about a brutal campus rape, filed a $25 million defamation lawsuit against the magazine and the article's writer. 

The UVA frat that was a subject of a sensational article in Rolling Stone about a brutal campus rape filed a defamation lawsuit Monday against the magazine and the article&#x27;s writer for $25 million.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/uva-fraternity-sues-rolling-stone-magazine-25-million-n460316)
2. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/grade-point/wp/2015/11/09/phi-psi-chapter-at-u-va-files-25-million-lawsuit-against-rolling-stone/)

### Related:

1. [University of Virginia fraternity Phi Kappa Psi announces that it will "pursue all available options" against "Rolling Stone" magazine a day after the magazine withdraws "A Rape on Campus", a story alleging a student was gang-raped at a party in 2012. ](/news/2015/04/6/university-of-virginia-fraternity-phi-kappa-psi-announces-that-it-will-pursue-all-available-options-against-rolling-stone-magazine-a-day.md) _Context: Rolling Stone, University of Virginia, article about a brutal campus rape_
2. ["Rolling Stone" magazine retracts "A Rape on Campus", a discredited story claiming an alleged gang rape at the University of Virginia. ](/news/2015/04/5/rolling-stone-magazine-retracts-a-rape-on-campus-a-discredited-story-claiming-an-alleged-gang-rape-at-the-university-of-virginia.md) _Context: Rolling Stone, University of Virginia, article about a brutal campus rape_
3. [Two weeks after the sacking of General Stanley A. McChrystal over comments that appeared in "Rolling Stone", a top French general is attacked for publicly criticising the United States-led war attempt on Afghanistan and questioning if the United States is controlling its allies. ](/news/2010/07/9/two-weeks-after-the-sacking-of-general-stanley-a-mcchrystal-over-comments-that-appeared-in-rolling-stone-a-top-french-general-is-attacke.md) _Context: Rolling Stone, United States_
4. [General Stanley A. McChrystal, the top United States commander in Afghanistan, apologises for an article in "Rolling Stone" magazine in which he criticised senior members of the Obama administration. McChrystal is later summoned to Washington, D.C. for talks with Obama. ](/news/2010/06/22/general-stanley-a-mcchrystal-the-top-united-states-commander-in-afghanistan-apologises-for-an-article-in-rolling-stone-magazine-in-whic.md) _Context: Rolling Stone, United States_
5. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: United States_
6. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: United States_
7. [The United States stops giving out visas to high ranking officials of Cambodia, Eritrea, Guinea and Sierra Leone for failing to accept deportations. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-stops-giving-out-visas-to-high-ranking-officials-of-cambodia-eritrea-guinea-and-sierra-leone-for-failing-to-accept-depor.md) _Context: United States_
8. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald J. Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-j-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pel.md) _Context: United States_
9. [The United States Department of Justice has requested Moscow-based Russian media channel RT America to register as a foreign lobbying firm in the United States. ](/news/2017/09/12/the-united-states-department-of-justice-has-requested-moscow-based-russian-media-channel-rt-america-to-register-as-a-foreign-lobbying-firm-i.md) _Context: United States_
10. [The United States State Department orders Russia to close the Consulate-General in San Francisco and two other buildings by September 2, 2017, invoking "parity" over a Russian measure in July. ](/news/2017/08/31/the-united-states-state-department-orders-russia-to-close-the-consulate-general-in-san-francisco-and-two-other-buildings-by-september-2-201.md) _Context: United States_
