### [2015-11-9](/news/2015/11/9/index.md)

#  In the U.S., after mounting criticism over his handling of racial issues, University of Missouri System president Tim Wolfe announces his resignation; the Board of Curators votes to accept his resignation. R. Bowen Loftin, chancellor of the flagship Columbia campus, announces he will step down from his post by the end of the year. 

University of Missouri system president Tim Wolfe resigned Monday amid student protests, and MU Chancellor R. Bowen Loftin announced he will transition to a new role at the end of this year.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/US/university-missouri-president-tim-wolfe-resigns-amid-protests/story?id=35076098)
2. [ESPN](http://espn.go.com/college-football/story/_/id/14089689/missouri-tigers-president-tim-wolfe-resigns-amid-racial-unrest)
3. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2015/11/09/mizzou-faculty-walks-out-student-association-calls-presidents-removal/75448392/)

### Related:

1. [In the United States, University of Missouri head football coach Gary Pinkel tweets his support for the 30 black football players who, because of racial tensions on campus, are boycotting team activities until the president of the University of Missouri System, Tim Wolfe, is removed. Pinkel and athletics director Mack Rhoades issue a statement that the Tigers will not resume football activities until Missouri student Jonathan Butler ends his hunger strike against Wolfe. ](/news/2015/11/8/in-the-united-states-university-of-missouri-head-football-coach-gary-pinkel-tweets-his-support-for-the-30-black-football-players-who-becau.md) _Context: Columbia campus, Tim Wolfe, United States, University of Missouri System_
2. [United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the ''Reforming American Immigration for Strong Employment Act of 2017'' (RAISE Act), a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. ](/news/2017/08/2/united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-reforming-american-immigration-for-s.md) _Context: United States_
3. [Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edits a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos.  ](/news/2017/08/2/teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edits-a-piece-of-faulty-dn.md) _Context: United States_
4. [The summit announces it is unable to gain agreement on climate change between the United States and the other 19 members of this international forum. ](/news/2017/07/8/the-summit-announces-it-is-unable-to-gain-agreement-on-climate-change-between-the-united-states-and-the-other-19-members-of-this-internation.md) _Context: United States_
5. [The United States extends the restrictions deadline for refugees. ](/news/2017/07/5/the-united-states-extends-the-restrictions-deadline-for-refugees.md) _Context: United States_
6. [The United States sanctions Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro over the controversial Constitutional Assembly election which critics say is an attempt to establish a dictatorship. ](/news/2017/07/31/the-united-states-sanctions-venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-over-the-controversial-constitutional-assembly-election-which-critics-say-i.md) _Context: United States_
7. [Russian President Vladimir Putin expels 755 U.S. diplomats in response to new sanctions imposed by the United States. ](/news/2017/07/30/russian-president-vladimir-putin-expels-755-u-s-diplomats-in-response-to-new-sanctions-imposed-by-the-united-states.md) _Context: United States_
8. [North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States.  ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-that-flies-620-miles-horizontally-in-about-45-minutes-landing-in-the-sea-of-japa.md) _Context: United States_
9. [History of the Philippines (1898-1946), During the annual State of the Nation Address through the Congress of the Philippines, President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte has outright demanded that the United States return the controversial Balangiga bells, taken during one of the campaigns of the Philippine-American War as spoils of war. Previous attempts to recover the bells have all failed so far. ](/news/2017/07/24/history-of-the-philippines-1898a1946-during-the-annual-state-of-the-nation-address-through-the-congress-of-the-philippines-president-o.md) _Context: United States_
10. [Nine men are found dead inside a tractor-trailer parked outside a Walmart store in the American city of San Antonio, Texas, in what authorities call a case of "ruthless" human trafficking. Thirty people,  many in critical condition and suffering from heat stroke and exhaustion, were removed from the non-air conditioned trailer which also lacked a water supply. ](/news/2017/07/23/nine-men-are-found-dead-inside-a-tractor-trailer-parked-outside-a-walmart-store-in-the-american-city-of-san-antonio-texas-in-what-authorit.md) _Context: United States_
