### [2015-11-9](/news/2015/11/9/index.md)

# In the United States, the University of Virginia fraternity that was the subject of a ''Rolling Stone'' article about a brutal campus rape, filed a $25 million defamation lawsuit against the magazine and the article's writer. 

The UVA frat that was a subject of a sensational article in Rolling Stone about a brutal campus rape filed a defamation lawsuit Monday against the magazine and the article&#x27;s writer for $25 million.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/uva-fraternity-sues-rolling-stone-magazine-25-million-n460316)
2. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/grade-point/wp/2015/11/09/phi-psi-chapter-at-u-va-files-25-million-lawsuit-against-rolling-stone/)

### Related:

1. [University of Virginia fraternity Phi Kappa Psi announces that it will "pursue all available options" against ''Rolling Stone'' magazine a day after the magazine withdraws "A Rape on Campus", a story alleging a student was gang-raped at a party in 2012. ](/news/2015/04/6/university-of-virginia-fraternity-phi-kappa-psi-announces-that-it-will-pursue-all-available-options-against-rolling-stone-magazine-a-d.md) _Context: Rolling Stone, University of Virginia, article about a brutal campus rape_
2. [''Rolling Stone'' magazine retracts "A Rape on Campus", a discredited story claiming an alleged gang rape at the University of Virginia. ](/news/2015/04/5/rolling-stone-magazine-retracts-a-rape-on-campus-a-discredited-story-claiming-an-alleged-gang-rape-at-the-university-of-virginia.md) _Context: Rolling Stone, University of Virginia, article about a brutal campus rape_
3. [Two weeks after the sacking of General Stanley A. McChrystal over comments that appeared in ''Rolling Stone'', a top French general is attacked for publicly criticising the United States-led war attempt on Afghanistan and questioning if the United States is controlling its allies. ](/news/2010/07/9/two-weeks-after-the-sacking-of-general-stanley-a-mcchrystal-over-comments-that-appeared-in-rolling-stone-a-top-french-general-is-attac.md) _Context: Rolling Stone, United States_
4. [General Stanley A. McChrystal, the top United States commander in Afghanistan, apologises for an article in ''Rolling Stone'' magazine in which he criticised senior members of the Obama administration. McChrystal is later summoned to Washington, D.C. for talks with Obama. ](/news/2010/06/22/general-stanley-a-mcchrystal-the-top-united-states-commander-in-afghanistan-apologises-for-an-article-in-rolling-stone-magazine-in-wh.md) _Context: Rolling Stone, United States_
5. [The summit announces it is unable to gain agreement on climate change between the United States and the other 19 members of this international forum. ](/news/2017/07/8/the-summit-announces-it-is-unable-to-gain-agreement-on-climate-change-between-the-united-states-and-the-other-19-members-of-this-internation.md) _Context: United States_
6. [The United States extends the restrictions deadline for refugees. ](/news/2017/07/5/the-united-states-extends-the-restrictions-deadline-for-refugees.md) _Context: United States_
7. [North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States.  ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-that-flies-620-miles-horizontally-in-about-45-minutes-landing-in-the-sea-of-japa.md) _Context: United States_
8. [History of the Philippines (1898-1946), During the annual State of the Nation Address through the Congress of the Philippines, President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte has outright demanded that the United States return the controversial Balangiga bells, taken during one of the campaigns of the Philippine-American War as spoils of war. Previous attempts to recover the bells have all failed so far. ](/news/2017/07/24/history-of-the-philippines-1898a1946-during-the-annual-state-of-the-nation-address-through-the-congress-of-the-philippines-president-o.md) _Context: United States_
9. [Nine men are found dead inside a tractor-trailer parked outside a Walmart store in the American city of San Antonio, Texas, in what authorities call a case of "ruthless" human trafficking. Thirty people,  many in critical condition and suffering from heat stroke and exhaustion, were removed from the non-air conditioned trailer which also lacked a water supply. ](/news/2017/07/23/nine-men-are-found-dead-inside-a-tractor-trailer-parked-outside-a-walmart-store-in-the-american-city-of-san-antonio-texas-in-what-authorit.md) _Context: United States_
10. [Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C.  A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in-the-first-global-robotics-co.md) _Context: United States_
