### [2015-11-9](/news/2015/11/9/index.md)

# In the U.S., after mounting criticism over his handling of racial issues, University of Missouri System president Tim Wolfe announces his resignation; the Board of Curators votes to accept his resignation. R. Bowen Loftin, chancellor of the flagship Columbia campus, announces he will step down from his post by the end of the year. 

University of Missouri system president Tim Wolfe resigned Monday amid student protests, and MU Chancellor R. Bowen Loftin announced he will transition to a new role at the end of this year.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/US/university-missouri-president-tim-wolfe-resigns-amid-protests/story?id=35076098)
2. [ESPN](http://espn.go.com/college-football/story/_/id/14089689/missouri-tigers-president-tim-wolfe-resigns-amid-racial-unrest)
3. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2015/11/09/mizzou-faculty-walks-out-student-association-calls-presidents-removal/75448392/)
3. [Cover Image](http://a1.espncdn.com/combiner/i?img=%2Fphoto%2F2015%2F1109%2Fr24241_1296x729_16%2D9.jpg)

### Related:

1. [In the United States, University of Missouri head football coach Gary Pinkel tweets his support for the 30 black football players who, because of racial tensions on campus, are boycotting team activities until the president of the University of Missouri System, Tim Wolfe, is removed. Pinkel and athletics director Mack Rhoades issue a statement that the Tigers will not resume football activities until Missouri student Jonathan Butler ends his hunger strike against Wolfe. ](/news/2015/11/8/in-the-united-states-university-of-missouri-head-football-coach-gary-pinkel-tweets-his-support-for-the-30-black-football-players-who-becau.md) _Context: Columbia campus, Tim Wolfe, U.S., University of Missouri System_
2. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: U.S._
3. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: U.S._
4. [Facebook agrees to disclose ads that ran in the U.S. in 2016 from accounts associated with a Russian entity known as the Internet Research Agency to United States Congressional investigators. Earlier, this information was provided to Special Counsel Robert Mueller. ](/news/2017/09/21/facebook-agrees-to-disclose-ads-that-ran-in-the-u-s-in-2016-from-accounts-associated-with-a-russian-entity-known-as-the-internet-research-a.md) _Context: U.S._
5. [The United States stops giving out visas to high ranking officials of Cambodia, Eritrea, Guinea and Sierra Leone for failing to accept deportations. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-stops-giving-out-visas-to-high-ranking-officials-of-cambodia-eritrea-guinea-and-sierra-leone-for-failing-to-accept-depor.md) _Context: U.S._
6. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pelosi.md) _Context: U.S._
7. [The United States Department of Justice has requested Moscow-based Russian media channel RT America to register as a foreign lobbying firm in the United States. ](/news/2017/09/12/the-united-states-department-of-justice-has-requested-moscow-based-russian-media-channel-rt-america-to-register-as-a-foreign-lobbying-firm-i.md) _Context: U.S._
8. [The United States State Department orders Russia to close the Consulate-General in San Francisco and two other buildings by September 2, 2017, invoking "parity" over a Russian measure in July. ](/news/2017/08/31/the-united-states-state-department-orders-russia-to-close-the-consulate-general-in-san-francisco-and-two-other-buildings-by-september-2-201.md) _Context: U.S._
9. [U.S. lawmakers break for summer recess. ](/news/2017/08/3/u-s-lawmakers-break-for-summer-recess.md) _Context: U.S._
10. [Millions of United States residents and visitors are able to witness a total solar eclipse that crosses through North America. It is the first total solar eclipse visible across the entire contiguous United States since the solar eclipse of June 8, 1918. ](/news/2017/08/21/millions-of-united-states-residents-and-visitors-are-able-to-witness-a-total-solar-eclipse-that-crosses-through-north-america-it-is-the-fir.md) _Context: U.S._
