### [2015-11-9](/news/2015/11/9/index.md)

# The U.S. Court of Appeals in New Orleans, Louisiana, in a 2-1 decision, upholds a lower court's injunction that blocks implementation of an Executive order to shield from deportation millions of undocumented immigrants  who entered the United States  as children. The White House is considering an appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court. 

The 2-to-1 ruling from the New Orleans court sets stage for possible Supreme Court battle.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/10/us-usa-immigration-court-idUSKCN0SZ04W20151110#6wYU5hy4bfwThTzE.97)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/appeals-court-rules-against-obamas-immigration-plan/2015/11/09/c73f38b0-874c-11e5-be39-0034bb576eee_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Nineteen people are injured during a shooting at a Mother's Day parade in New Orleans, Louisiana, United States. ](/news/2013/05/12/nineteen-people-are-injured-during-a-shooting-at-a-mother-s-day-parade-in-new-orleans-louisiana-united-states.md) _Context: Louisiana, New Orleans, U.S._
2. [ Mayor Ray Nagin of New Orleans, Louisiana, is quarantined in Shanghai, China, after a passenger on his flight from the United States was diagnosed with A(H1N1) influenza. ](/news/2009/06/8/mayor-ray-nagin-of-new-orleans-louisiana-is-quarantined-in-shanghai-china-after-a-passenger-on-his-flight-from-the-united-states-was-di.md) _Context: Louisiana, New Orleans, U.S._
3. [American pipeline operator Williams Partners has agreed to sell an olefins plant in Louisiana to Canadian chemical company Nova Chemicals for $2.1 billion. ](/news/2017/04/17/american-pipeline-operator-williams-partners-has-agreed-to-sell-an-olefins-plant-in-louisiana-to-canadian-chemical-company-nova-chemicals-fo.md) _Context: Louisiana, U.S._
4. [Multiple tornadoes tear through New Orleans, Baton Rouge, and other parts of  southeastern Louisiana, injuring at least 20 people; no deaths have been reported. The severe weather also delivers heavy rain and hail in Mississippi and Alabama.  ](/news/2017/02/7/multiple-tornadoes-tear-through-new-orleans-baton-rouge-and-other-parts-of-southeastern-louisiana-injuring-at-least-20-people-no-deaths.md) _Context: Louisiana, New Orleans_
5. [The United States Supreme Court, with only Justice Clarence Thomas dissenting, blocks implementation of a Louisiana  law  that could have forced all but one of the state's abortion clinics to close, and restores an earlier judicial ban on enforcing the 2014 law.  Last week, a federal  appeals court said the law could be enforced.  ](/news/2016/03/4/the-united-states-supreme-court-with-only-justice-clarence-thomas-dissenting-blocks-implementation-of-a-louisiana-law-that-could-have-fo.md) _Context: Louisiana, U.S. Supreme Court_
6. [Obamacare constitutional challenges, ''Zubik v. Burwell''In a move designed to head off a 4-4 decision, the U.S. Supreme Court directs lawyers for the Obama administration, and for the religious groups who challenge it, to submit written briefs on a possible remedy to the case: whether coverage could be provided through the group's insurance companies without any actual notice to the government. A 4-4 decision would not set a national precedent, and would let stand the preceding decision in each case. In these seven cases, the appeals court in six upheld the government mandate. ](/news/2016/03/29/obamacare-constitutional-challenges-zubik-v-burwell-pin-a-move-designed-to-head-off-a-4-4-decision-the-u-s-supreme-court-directs-lawy.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court, appeals court_
7. [ In Louisiana, United States, two law enforcement officers are arrested and charged with homicide of a six-year-old and attempted homicide of his father. ](/news/2015/11/7/in-louisiana-united-states-two-law-enforcement-officers-are-arrested-and-charged-with-homicide-of-a-six-year-old-and-attempted-homicide-o.md) _Context: Louisiana, U.S._
8. [The Obama administration will ask the Supreme Court to overturn yesterday's ruling by the New Orleans, Louisiana, federal Court of Appeals that blocks the deferred deportation of  millions of undocumented immigrants  who entered the United States as children. ](/news/2015/11/10/the-obama-administration-will-ask-the-supreme-court-to-overturn-yesterday-s-ruling-by-the-new-orleans-louisiana-federal-court-of-appeals-t.md) _Context: U.S., U.S. Supreme Court_
9. [The Obama Administration, through its appointment of a majority of board members on the Democratic-controlled U.S. National Labor Relations Board's 3&ndash;2 ruling in the Browning-Ferris case uses an expanded definition of joint employer when determining if a parent company shares responsibility for workers hired by a subcontractor or franchisee. The Republican-controlled US Congress responded to arguments from businesses such as the International Franchise Association by adding another NLRB-related rider to the budget to block implementation of this latest ruling. Browning-Ferris  can appeal the decision to a federal appeals court. The ruling could affect current unionization and pay efforts at McDonald's franchises. ](/news/2015/08/27/the-obama-administration-through-its-appointment-of-a-majority-of-board-members-on-the-democratic-controlled-u-s-national-labor-relations.md) _Context: U.S., appeals court_
10. [Although he is currently still being held in New Orleans, Louisiana, Los Angeles prosecutors formally charge Robert Durst with the murder of his former friend Susan Berman covered in the HBO  documentary miniseries ''The Jinx''. ](/news/2015/03/16/although-he-is-currently-still-being-held-in-new-orleans-louisiana-los-angeles-prosecutors-formally-charge-robert-durst-with-the-murder-of.md) _Context: Louisiana, New Orleans_
