### [2015-10-6](/news/2015/10/6/index.md)

# October 2015 nor'easter: Hurricane Joaquin: Thirteen people are reported to have died during this storm, 11 in South Carolina and two in North Carolina. At least 18 dams have breached or failed since Saturday. Communities downstream face a mass of water working its way toward the low-lying coast. 

Get the latest breaking news across the U.S. on ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/sunny-forecast-south-carolina-ordeal-34274872)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2015/10/06/us/south-carolina-flooding/)

### Related:

1. [October 2015 nor'easter: U.S. President Barack Obama declares a state of emergency for South Carolina, after the state receives over two feet of rain in some areas. More than 250 roads across the state close. A low pressure area funnels heavy tropical moisture into the region, as well as, pulls in Hurricane Joaquin-related precipitation. ](/news/2015/10/4/october-2015-nor-easter-u-s-president-barack-obama-declares-a-state-of-emergency-for-south-carolina-after-the-state-receives-over-two-fee.md) _Context: Hurricane Joaquin, October 2015 nor'easter, South Carolina_
2. [The Federal Bureau of Investigation and Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives are investigating a series of fires at black churches in the states of Tennessee, South Carolina, North Carolina and Georgia with three of the four cases confirmed as arson. ](/news/2015/06/28/the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-and-bureau-of-alcohol-tobacco-firearms-and-explosives-are-investigating-a-series-of-fires-at-black-chu.md) _Context: North Carolina, South Carolina_
3. [2015 Atlantic hurricane season: Tropical storm Ana forms near the states of North and South Carolina weeks before the official start of the hurricane season. ](/news/2015/05/9/2015-atlantic-hurricane-season-tropical-storm-ana-forms-near-the-states-of-north-and-south-carolina-weeks-before-the-official-start-of-the.md) _Context: North Carolina, South Carolina_
4. [Tornadoes kill several people in the US states of North Carolina and South Carolina with storms killing at least 20 people in the southern United States over the past few days. ](/news/2011/04/16/tornadoes-kill-several-people-in-the-us-states-of-north-carolina-and-south-carolina-with-storms-killing-at-least-20-people-in-the-southern-u.md) _Context: North Carolina, South Carolina_
5. [ 2008 Atlantic hurricane season: Tropical Storm Hanna makes landfall in the United States on the border between North Carolina and South Carolina. [http://www.theage.com.au/world/hanna-hits-us-coast-20080906-4az3.html?page=-1 (AFP via the "Melbourne Age")]: Hurricane Ike reaches Category 4 strength as it prepares to hit Turks and Caicos. [http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5g918hbtK02_PM8gtnv_-6UZu8yEAD931FDUG0 (AP via Google News)]date=October 2012](/news/2008/09/6/2008-atlantic-hurricane-season-tropical-storm-hanna-makes-landfall-in-the-united-states-on-the-border-between-north-carolina-and-south-car.md) _Context: North Carolina, South Carolina_
6. [North Carolina's congressional districts: The United States Supreme Court rejects two of North Carolina's congressional districts because they violated the Constitution by relying too heavily on race in drawing them. ](/news/2017/05/22/north-carolina-s-congressional-districts-the-united-states-supreme-court-rejects-two-of-north-carolina-s-congressional-districts-because-th.md) _Context: North Carolina_
7. [Voter ID laws in the United States: The U.S. Supreme Court rules that the North Carolina state legislative members do not have standing to request an appeal of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ruling against a law which it found discriminated against black voters. ](/news/2017/05/15/voter-id-laws-in-the-united-states-the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-the-north-carolina-state-legislative-members-do-not-have-standing-to-r.md) _Context: North Carolina_
8. [ Four inmates are killed at Kirkland Correctional Institution in South Carolina. Authorities have charged two inmates with the murders of the four men. ](/news/2017/04/8/four-inmates-are-killed-at-kirkland-correctional-institution-in-south-carolina-authorities-have-charged-two-inmates-with-the-murders-of-th.md) _Context: South Carolina_
9. [North Carolina House Bill 2: The state legislature of North Carolina repeals the Public Facilities Privacy & Security Act, more commonly known as the "transgender bathroom bill." In its place, the legislature enacts a ban on cities in North Carolina from enacting "civil rights" protections for gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender people through 2020. ](/news/2017/03/30/north-carolina-house-bill-2-the-state-legislature-of-north-carolina-repeals-the-public-facilities-privacy-security-act-more-commonly-kno.md) _Context: North Carolina_
10. [North Carolina gubernatorial election, 2016: Recounts begin in North Carolina. ](/news/2016/12/1/north-carolina-gubernatorial-election-2016-recounts-begin-in-north-carolina.md) _Context: North Carolina_
