### [2015-10-6](/news/2015/10/6/index.md)

# The European Court of Justice decides an international agreement, generally known as a Safe Harbor rule, used by thousands of companies for moving people's digital data between the European Union and the United States is invalid, effective immediately. The decision throws into doubt how global technology giants like Facebook, Amazon and Google can collect, manage, and analyze online information from their millions of users in the 28-member bloc. Decisions by this court, the highest legal authority in the EU, cannot be appealed. 

The European Court of Justice examined the case of an Austrian citizen who claimed that his data, in light of revelations by Edward Snowden that U.S. agencies spied upon people in other nations, wasn&#39;t being adequately protected.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/technology-34442618)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/06/us-eu-ireland-privacy-idUSKCN0S00NT20151006)
3. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/10/07/technology/european-union-us-data-collection.html?_r=0)
4. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/tech/2015/10/05/european-privacy-ruling-could-hurt-us-companies/73422412/)

### Related:

1. [The father of Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While generally free of liability under U.S. law which provides a legal "safe harbor" for content posted, this case targets the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015-paris-massacre-files-suit-in.md) _Context: Facebook, Inc., Google, safe harbor_
2. [Negotiators for the European Commission and the United States agree on a pact protecting data transfers across the North Atlantic by companies such as Google and Amazon, imposing on such companies certain privacy shield obligations. ](/news/2016/02/2/negotiators-for-the-european-commission-and-the-united-states-agree-on-a-pact-protecting-data-transfers-across-the-north-atlantic-by-compani.md) _Context: Amazon, Google, United States_
3. [The United States Federal Communications Commission rejects privacy advocacy group Consumer Watchdog's petition to make it illegal for Internet companies like Google, Facebook and ad providers to ignore "Do Not Track" browser settings. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-united-states-federal-communications-commission-rejects-privacy-advocacy-group-consumer-watchdog-s-petition-to-make-it-illegal-for-inter.md) _Context: Facebook, Inc., Google, United States_
4. [In the United States, the NASDAQ and S&P 500 end at record highs spurred by strong results by tech giants Google, Amazon and Microsoft. ](/news/2015/04/24/in-the-united-states-the-nasdaq-and-s-p-500-end-at-record-highs-spurred-by-strong-results-by-tech-giants-google-amazon-and-microsoft.md) _Context: Amazon, Google, United States_
5. [The European Union and United States approve Google's $12.5 billion acquisition of smartphone maker Motorola. ](/news/2012/02/13/the-european-union-and-united-states-approve-google-s-12-5-billion-acquisition-of-smartphone-maker-motorola.md) _Context: European Union, Google, United States_
6. [Reuters cites sources "familiar with the matter" as saying that Google will soon receive approval from both the European Union and the United States for its proposed acquisition of Motorola Mobility. ](/news/2012/02/10/reuters-cites-sources-familiar-with-the-matter-as-saying-that-google-will-soon-receive-approval-from-both-the-european-union-and-the-unite.md) _Context: European Union, Google, United States_
7. [Amazon.com cuts off its access to the WikiLeaks website following "heavy political pressure" applied by Joe Lieberman, a senator in the United States. The move is compared to the censorship of Google by China. ](/news/2010/12/2/amazon-com-cuts-off-its-access-to-the-wikileaks-website-following-heavy-political-pressure-applied-by-joe-lieberman-a-senator-in-the-unit.md) _Context: Amazon, Google, United States_
8. [ The European Court of Justice rules illegal an EU-US agreement to pass airline passenger data to the US authorities, as it does not ensure privacy protection for European passengers. ](/news/2006/05/30/the-european-court-of-justice-rules-illegal-an-eu-us-agreement-to-pass-airline-passenger-data-to-the-us-authorities-as-it-does-not-ensure.md) _Context: European Court of Justice, European Union, United States_
9. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: European Union, United States_
10. [Following diplomatic mediation by the European Union and the United States, minority Serbs tear down a concrete wall in Mitrovica. The city's majority Albanians regarded the wall as a provocation. ](/news/2017/02/5/following-diplomatic-mediation-by-the-european-union-and-the-united-states-minority-serbs-tear-down-a-concrete-wall-in-mitrovica-the-city.md) _Context: European Union, United States_
