### [2003-10-21](/news/2003/10/21/index.md)

#  In a series of moves designed to bring about final implementation of the Good Friday Agreement, the British Government confirms that elections to the region's devolved administration will be held on November 26. The Provisional IRA announces a further act of weapons decommissioning. Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams declares "the end to physical force republicanism". Statements from all the major parties involved are expected over the course of the day.




### Related:

1. [Sinn Fein claims that party president Gerry Adams is a victim of "political policing" are dismissed by the Taoiseach (Prime Minister of Ireland) Enda Kenny, British prime minister David Cameron and Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson. ](/news/2014/05/2/sinn-fa-c-in-claims-that-party-president-gerry-adams-is-a-victim-of-political-policing-are-dismissed-by-the-taoiseach-prime-minister-of-ire.md) _Context: Gerry Adams, Sinn Fein_
2. [Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams remains in custody in connection with the IRA murder of Jean McConville. ](/news/2014/05/1/sinn-fa-c-in-leader-gerry-adams-remains-in-custody-in-connection-with-the-ira-murder-of-jean-mcconville.md) _Context: Gerry Adams, Sinn Fein_
3. [Britain's Queen Elizabeth II and former IRA commander and Sinn Fein deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland Martin McGuinness shake hands at a historic meeting in Belfast. ](/news/2012/06/27/britain-s-queen-elizabeth-ii-and-former-ira-commander-and-sinn-fa-c-in-deputy-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-martin-mcguinness-shake-hands.md) _Context: IRA, Sinn Fein_
4. [British Prime Minister David Cameron announces that Sinn Fein's Gerry Adams has resigned from the British parliament, having accepted the position of Crown Steward and Bailiff of the Manor of Northstead. ](/news/2011/01/26/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-announces-that-sinn-fa-c-in-s-gerry-adams-has-resigned-from-the-british-parliament-having-accepted-the-p.md) _Context: Gerry Adams, Sinn Fein_
5. [Gerry Adams, the President of Sinn Fein, announces that he will resign his positions in the Northern Ireland Assembly and the Parliament of the United Kingdom to stand for the Dail. ](/news/2010/11/14/gerry-adams-the-president-of-sinn-fa-c-in-announces-that-he-will-resign-his-positions-in-the-northern-ireland-assembly-and-the-parliament-of.md) _Context: Gerry Adams, Sinn Fein_
6. [The brother of Sinn Fein's Gerry Adams, detained under a European arrest warrant, is released on bail after surrendering to the Garda Siochana in Ireland. ](/news/2010/03/4/the-brother-of-sinn-fa-c-in-s-gerry-adams-detained-under-a-european-arrest-warrant-is-released-on-bail-after-surrendering-to-the-garda-saoc.md) _Context: Gerry Adams, Sinn Fein_
7. [President of Sinn Fein Gerry Adams receives a death threat. ](/news/2010/01/10/president-of-sinn-fa-c-in-gerry-adams-receives-a-death-threat.md) _Context: Gerry Adams, Sinn Fein_
8. [ Northern Ireland Peace Process: Members of the Democratic Unionist Party, led by Ian Paisley, and Sinn Fein, led by Gerry Adams, meet face-to face for the first time, and agree a timetable for implementing the St. Andrews Agreement. ](/news/2007/03/26/northern-ireland-peace-process-members-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-led-by-ian-paisley-and-sinn-fa-c-in-led-by-gerry-adams-meet-face.md) _Context: Gerry Adams, Sinn Fein_
9. [ Irish Minister for Justice, Equality and Law Reform Michael McDowell directly accuses Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams as well as Martin McGuinness (both elected MPs) and Martin Ferris TD of being on the IRA Army Council, the first such direct accusation from the Irish Government. Irish Prime Minister Bertie Ahern meanwhile has said he does not know the make-up of the Council. ](/news/2005/02/20/irish-minister-for-justice-equality-and-law-reform-michael-mcdowell-directly-accuses-sinn-fa-c-in-leader-gerry-adams-as-well-as-martin-mcgui.md) _Context: Gerry Adams, Sinn Fein_
10. [The deadline for the Government formation in Northern Ireland has expired following the refusal of the Democratic Unionist Party and Sinn Fein to enter a power sharing agreement with each other, with both parties blaming each other for the impasse. ](/news/2017/03/27/the-deadline-for-the-government-formation-in-northern-ireland-has-expired-following-the-refusal-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-and-sinn-fa.md) _Context: Sinn Fein_
