### [2003-10-21](/news/2003/10/21/index.md)

#  Outbreaks of locusts are reported in Mauritania, Niger and Sudan and might spread to other areas of north Africa.




### Related:

1. [The Parliament of Libya orders the closure of Libya's southern borders with Chad, Sudan, Algeria and Niger while declaring seven southern regions restricted military areas to stop the flow of illegal immigrants and goods. ](/news/2012/12/17/the-parliament-of-libya-orders-the-closure-of-libya-s-southern-borders-with-chad-sudan-algeria-and-niger-while-declaring-seven-southern-re.md) _Context: Niger, Sudan_
2. [France's defense ministry says it aided a recent raid by Mauritania against al-Qaeda in North Africa in a failed search for a French hostage. ](/news/2010/07/23/france-s-defense-ministry-says-it-aided-a-recent-raid-by-mauritania-against-al-qaeda-in-north-africa-in-a-failed-search-for-a-french-hostage.md) _Context: Mauritanian, North African_
3. [Algeria, Mali, Mauritania and Niger launch a joint command centre in Tamanrasset to counter al-Qaeda, according to the Algerian defence ministry. ](/news/2010/04/21/algeria-mali-mauritania-and-niger-launch-a-joint-command-centre-in-tamanrasset-to-counter-al-qaeda-according-to-the-algerian-defence-mini.md) _Context: Mauritanian, Niger_
4. [ Sudanese government and two rebels groups, including Sudan Liberation Movement and Justice and Equality Movement, sign a declaration of principles towards the peace talks. This ends three weeks of negotiations in the Nigerian capital Abuja. Talks are adjourned until August 24. ](/news/2005/07/5/sudanese-government-and-two-rebels-groups-including-sudan-liberation-movement-and-justice-and-equality-movement-sign-a-declaration-of-pri.md) _Context: Niger, Sudan_
5. [ The UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs appeals for $16 million for food aid to Niger where drought and locust swarms destroyed part of the crop last year. ](/news/2005/05/19/the-un-office-for-the-coordination-of-humanitarian-affairs-appeals-for-16-million-for-food-aid-to-niger-where-drought-and-locust-swarms-de.md) _Context: Niger, locust_
6. [ In the Sudan, locusts cause breathing difficulties and some deaths in Sudan.](/news/2003/11/2/in-the-sudan-locusts-cause-breathing-difficulties-and-some-deaths-in-sudan.md) _Context: Sudan, locust_
7. [Results from Saturday's constitutional referendum show Mauritanians have voted to abolish the Senate. Turnout was 53.73%, with 85% of voters supporting the change, according to officials. ](/news/2017/08/7/results-from-saturday-s-constitutional-referendum-show-mauritanians-have-voted-to-abolish-the-senate-turnout-was-53-73-with-85-of-voters.md) _Context: Mauritanian_
8. [Voters in Mauritania participate in a referendum on whether to amend the Constitution of Mauritania, with the abolition of the Senate and addition of red bands to the flag of Mauritania among the most significant proposed changes. The OCHR has criticised Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz's government for apparent suppression of opposition protests. ](/news/2017/08/5/voters-in-mauritania-participate-in-a-referendum-on-whether-to-amend-the-constitution-of-mauritania-with-the-abolition-of-the-senate-and-ad.md) _Context: Mauritanian_
9. [The United Nations Security Council extends the MINURSO mission for another year and attempts to restart Western Sahara peace process negotiations after both sides retracted their military from a standoff position in Guerguerat, near the border with Mauritania. ](/news/2017/04/28/the-united-nations-security-council-extends-the-minurso-mission-for-another-year-and-attempts-to-restart-western-sahara-peace-process-negoti.md) _Context: Mauritanian_
10. [Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir names Vice President Bakri Hassan Saleh as Prime Minister of Sudan, the first person to hold the post since it was abolished following the 1989 Sudanese coup d'etat. ](/news/2017/03/1/sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-names-vice-president-bakri-hassan-saleh-as-prime-minister-of-sudan-the-first-person-to-hold-the-post-sinc.md) _Context: Sudan_
