### [2003-10-21](/news/2003/10/21/index.md)

#  War on Terrorism: US officials state that they believe "Wall Street Journal" reporter Daniel Pearl was killed by Khalid Sheikh Mohammed.




### Related:

1. [ The Pentagon rejects a Russian proposal to stage joint airstrikes against Al-Qaeda linked groups in Syria. ](/news/2016/05/21/the-pentagon-rejects-a-russian-proposal-to-stage-joint-airstrikes-against-al-qaeda-linked-groups-in-syria.md) _Context: War on Terrorism_
2. [Pakistan arrests 97 people allegedly involved in terrorist groups such as al-Qaeda and Lashkar-e-Jhangvi who were allegedly plotting a variety of attacks including a plan to get Daniel Pearl's killer out of prison. ](/news/2016/02/12/pakistan-arrests-97-people-allegedly-involved-in-terrorist-groups-such-as-al-qaeda-and-lashkar-e-jhangvi-who-were-allegedly-plotting-a-varie.md) _Context: Daniel Pearl_
3. [The "Wall Street Journal" reports that European Union regulators have announced plans to file charges against American Internet company Google following a European Union investigation. ](/news/2015/04/14/the-wall-street-journal-reports-that-european-union-regulators-have-announced-plans-to-file-charges-against-american-internet-company-goog.md) _Context: Wall Street Journal_
4. [A suspect, Qari Abdul Saeed, is arrested in Pakistan for the 2002 beheading of "The Wall Street Journal" reporter Daniel Pearl. ](/news/2013/03/19/a-suspect-qari-abdul-saeed-is-arrested-in-pakistan-for-the-2002-beheading-of-the-wall-street-journal-reporter-daniel-pearl.md) _Context: Daniel Pearl_
5. [Five prisoners of the United States at Guantanamo Bay, including Khalid Sheikh Mohammed (a reported subject of torture by U.S. authorities), appear before a military judge. ](/news/2012/05/5/five-prisoners-of-the-united-states-at-guantanamo-bay-including-khalid-sheikh-mohammed-a-reported-subject-of-torture-by-u-s-authorities.md) _Context: Khalid Sheikh Mohammed_
6. [The trial of Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, the accused mastermind of the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks, starts at the Guantanamo Bay detention camp. ](/news/2012/05/4/the-trial-of-khalid-sheikh-mohammed-the-accused-mastermind-of-the-september-11-2001-terrorist-attacks-starts-at-the-guantanamo-bay-detent.md) _Context: Khalid Sheikh Mohammed_
7. [5 people, including Khalid Sheikh Mohammed, are to be put on trial by the United States military at the U.S.-operated Guantanamo Bay detention camp, it is announced. ](/news/2011/04/4/5-people-including-khalid-sheikh-mohammed-are-to-be-put-on-trial-by-the-united-states-military-at-the-u-s-operated-guantanamo-bay-detenti.md) _Context: Khalid Sheikh Mohammed_
8. [ In a Guantanamo Bay Naval Base military commission, Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four co-defendants announce their intentions to plead guilty to charges relating to the September 11, 2001, attacks. ](/news/2008/12/8/in-a-guantanamo-bay-naval-base-military-commission-khalid-sheikh-mohammed-and-four-co-defendants-announce-their-intentions-to-plead-guilty.md) _Context: Khalid Sheikh Mohammed_
9. [ Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four others are arraigned at Guantanamo Bay detention camp under the Military Commissions Act of 2006, and charged with crimes related to the September 11, 2001 attacks. ](/news/2008/06/5/khalid-sheikh-mohammed-and-four-others-are-arraigned-at-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-under-the-military-commissions-act-of-2006-and-charg.md) _Context: Khalid Sheikh Mohammed_
10. [ The United States Department of State's annual report on terrorism states that al-Qaeda "has reconstituted some of its pre-9/11 operational capabilities" in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan. ](/news/2008/04/30/the-united-states-department-of-state-s-annual-report-on-terrorism-states-that-al-qaeda-has-reconstituted-some-of-its-pre-9-11-operational.md) _Context: War on Terrorism_
