### [2012-12-7](/news/2012/12/7/index.md)

# Abu-Zaid al Kuwaiti, a senior al-Qaida official and a potential successor to the group's present leader, Dr. Ayman Al-Zawahiri, is killed in the morning in a Predator drone strike over Pakistan while eating breakfast (according to both U.S. officials and affiliated jihadists). 

A senior al-Qaida official and potential successor to the group&rsquo;s leader Ayman al-Zawahiri was killed Friday morning in a Predator drone strike, according to reports on jihadi web forums and U.S. officials. Sheikh Khalid Bin Abdul Rehman Al-Hus


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://openchannel.nbcnews.com/_news/2012/12/07/15760065-senior-al-qaida-leader-killed-in-drone-strike-in-pakistan-jihadis-us-officials-say)
1. [Cover Image](http://msnbcmedia.msn.com/i/MSNBC/Components/Photo/_new/121207-Hussainan.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ Pakistani soldiers seal off an area of South Waziristan where they suspect that the senior Al-Qaida leader Ayman al-Zawahiri is hiding. The Pakistanis have suffered many casualties.](/news/2004/03/19/pakistani-soldiers-seal-off-an-area-of-south-waziristan-where-they-suspect-that-the-senior-al-qaida-leader-ayman-al-zawahiri-is-hiding-the.md) _Context: Al Qaida's, Ayman al-Zawahiri, Pakistan_
2. [ Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf reports that his soldiers have surrounded a cadre of Al-Qaida men located in Waziristan, Pakistan, that was protecting Ayman al-Zawahiri, the second-in-command for the organization.](/news/2004/03/18/pakistani-president-pervez-musharraf-reports-that-his-soldiers-have-surrounded-a-cadre-of-al-qaida-men-located-in-waziristan-pakistan-tha.md) _Context: Al Qaida's, Ayman al-Zawahiri, Pakistan_
3. [Four are killed and a further four are wounded in a U.S. drone strike in North Waziristan, Pakistan. ](/news/2013/01/8/four-are-killed-and-a-further-four-are-wounded-in-a-u-s-drone-strike-in-north-waziristan-pakistan.md) _Context: Pakistan, U.S._
4. [A British court rejects an attempt by the son of a man killed in U.S. drone strike in Pakistan to force the UK government to reveal if it provided intelligence to assist US action. ](/news/2012/12/21/a-british-court-rejects-an-attempt-by-the-son-of-a-man-killed-in-u-s-drone-strike-in-pakistan-to-force-the-uk-government-to-reveal-if-it-pr.md) _Context: Pakistan, U.S._
5. [A U.S. missile strike kills seven militants in the Spin Drand area of Khyber, Pakistan. ](/news/2010/12/16/a-u-s-missile-strike-kills-seven-militants-in-the-spin-drand-area-of-khyber-pakistan.md) _Context: Pakistan, U.S._
6. [ A United States Predator drone launches a missile strike on a Pakistani madrassa killing six people reportedly including al-Qaeda member Abu Khabab al-Masri.](/news/2008/07/28/a-united-states-predator-drone-launches-a-missile-strike-on-a-pakistani-madrassa-killing-six-people-reportedly-including-al-qaeda-member-ab.md) _Context: Pakistan, Predator drone_
7. [ United States Secretary of Defense Robert Gates says the U.S. is "ready and willing" to send troops to Pakistan to combat al-Qaeda and the Taliban. ](/news/2008/01/25/united-states-secretary-of-defense-robert-gates-says-the-u-s-is-ready-and-willing-to-send-troops-to-pakistan-to-combat-al-qaeda-and-the.md) _Context: Pakistan, U.S._
8. [ The United States government announces that fourteen suspected terrorists are to be transferred to the Guantanamo Bay detainment camp and admits that these suspects have been held in CIA black sites. These people include Khalid Sheik Mohammed, believed to be the No. 3 al-Qaida leader before he was captured in Pakistan in 2003; Ramzi Binalshibh, an alleged would-be 9/11 hijacker; and Abu Zubaydah, who was believed to be a link between Osama bin Laden and many al-Qaida cells before he was also captured in Pakistan in March 2002. ](/news/2006/09/6/the-united-states-government-announces-that-fourteen-suspected-terrorists-are-to-be-transferred-to-the-guantanamo-bay-detainment-camp-and-a.md) _Context: Al Qaida's, Pakistan_
9. [ The U.S. CIA attempts to kill Ayman al-Zawahiri by bombing Damadola, Pakistan, a village near the Afghanistan border. The attack kills at least 18 people: eight men, five women and five children. Anonymous U.S. government sources claim he was invited to a feast in the village, but did not attend. ](/news/2006/01/13/the-u-s-cia-attempts-to-kill-ayman-al-zawahiri-by-bombing-damadola-pakistan-a-village-near-the-afghanistan-border-the-attack-kills-at-l.md) _Context: Ayman al-Zawahiri, Pakistan_
10. [ Seventy suspected Taliban or Al Qaida terrorists are said to have been killed in a Pakistani air raid close to the Pakistan-Afghanistan border. Several civilians are also believed to have been killed. ](/news/2004/09/9/seventy-suspected-taliban-or-al-qaida-terrorists-are-said-to-have-been-killed-in-a-pakistani-air-raid-close-to-the-pakistan-afghanistan-bor.md) _Context: Al Qaida's, Pakistan_
