### [2012-12-7](/news/2012/12/7/index.md)

# Jacintha Saldanha, a nurse at a London hospital, who took a hoax call from 2Day FM prankers about the Duchess of Cambridge, is found dead in a suspected suicide. 

A nurse who was duped into transferring a prank call from two Australian radio presenters at the hospital treating the Duchess of Cambridge for severe morning sickness was found dead yesterday in a suspected suicide.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-20645838)
2. [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2244608/Jacintha-Saldanha-Familys-grief-suicide-nurse-transferred-DJs-hoax-Kate-Middleton-hospital-call.html)
3. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/nurse-jacintha-saldanha-who-took-a-prank-phone-call-at-duchess-of-cambridges-hospital-is-found-dead-in-suspected-suicide-8393289.html)

### Related:

1. [London's King Edward VII's Hospital says it is reviewing telephone protocol after two disc jockeys from a Sydney-based radio station, 2Day FM made a prank call to the hospital in which they posed as Queen Elizabeth and Prince Charles, and spoke with a member of nursing staff about the health of the Duchess of Cambridge. ](/news/2012/12/5/london-s-king-edward-vii-s-hospital-says-it-is-reviewing-telephone-protocol-after-two-disc-jockeys-from-a-sydney-based-radio-station-2day-f.md) _Context: 2Day FM, Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, King Edward VII's Hospital, London, prank call_
2. [The two 2Day FM presenters who made a prank call to London's King Edward VII's Hospital give their first interviews to Australian television following the death of Jacintha Saldanha, the nurse who answered the call. ](/news/2012/12/10/the-two-2day-fm-presenters-who-made-a-prank-call-to-london-s-king-edward-vii-s-hospital-give-their-first-interviews-to-australian-television.md) _Context: 2Day FM, Jacintha Saldanha, King Edward VII's Hospital, prank call_
3. [Australia's 2Day FM says it will donate advertising profits to a fund for the family of King Edward VII's Hospital nurse Jacintha Saldanha. ](/news/2012/12/11/australia-s-2day-fm-says-it-will-donate-advertising-profits-to-a-fund-for-the-family-of-king-edward-vii-s-hospital-nurse-jacintha-saldanha.md) _Context: 2Day FM, Jacintha Saldanha, King Edward VII's Hospital_
4. [Phone hacking scandal:A prosecutor alleges in a London court that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's phones were hacked by the now-defunct ''News of the World''. ](/news/2013/12/19/phone-hacking-scandal-pa-prosecutor-alleges-in-a-london-court-that-the-duke-and-duchess-of-cambridge-s-phones-were-hacked-by-the-now-defunct.md) _Context: Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, London_
5. [Bosses at Australian radio station 2Day FM suspend all advertising until Monday after several major advertisers withdrew their business in the wake of the death of Jacintha Saldanha. ](/news/2012/12/8/bosses-at-australian-radio-station-2day-fm-suspend-all-advertising-until-monday-after-several-major-advertisers-withdrew-their-business-in-t.md) _Context: 2Day FM, Jacintha Saldanha_
6. [The Duchess of Cambridge leaves hospital following treatment for severe morning sickness. ](/news/2012/12/6/the-duchess-of-cambridge-leaves-hospital-following-treatment-for-severe-morning-sickness.md) _Context: Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, King Edward VII's Hospital_
7. [A vehicle mounts the pavement and runs into pedestrians in Islington, London, injuring 4. The teenage perpetrators are found carrying offensive weapons, but are not assumed to be terrorists. ](/news/2017/03/25/a-vehicle-mounts-the-pavement-and-runs-into-pedestrians-in-islington-london-injuring-4-the-teenage-perpetrators-are-found-carrying-offens.md) _Context: London_
8. [Several British MPs demand an investigation into a recent scandal in which an Israeli embassy official in London had conspired to damage the reputation of several British politicians in response to the recent United Nations Security Council resolution. ](/news/2017/01/8/several-british-mps-demand-an-investigation-into-a-recent-scandal-in-which-an-israeli-embassy-official-in-london-had-conspired-to-damage-the.md) _Context: London_
9. [London Mayor Sadiq Khan declares a public health emergency for at least the next three days because of high levels of air pollution in the London area. The Department for Environment says this pollution episode could last until at least Sunday. ](/news/2017/01/18/london-mayor-sadiq-khan-declares-a-public-health-emergency-for-at-least-the-next-three-days-because-of-high-levels-of-air-pollution-in-the-l.md) _Context: London_
10. [A London-based trader who traded on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Navinder Singh Sarao, accused of contributing to the 2010 Wall Street "flash crash" by placing bogus orders to spoof the market, fails in his legal bid to stop extradition and will now be sent to the United States to face trial where he is wanted by U.S. authorities on 22 criminal counts of wire fraud, commodities fraud, and market manipulation. A judge initially approved his extradition in March, and today his bid to launch an appeal against that decision was rejected, ending his 18-month legal fight. He will now be extradited within 28 days. ](/news/2016/10/14/a-london-based-trader-who-traded-on-the-chicago-mercantile-exchange-navinder-singh-sarao-accused-of-contributing-to-the-2010-wall-street.md) _Context: London_
