### [2012-12-7](/news/2012/12/7/index.md)

# Russia announces a tit-for-tat visa bar on Americans guilty of human rights violations, over the US Magnitsky bill. 

Russia announces a tit-for-tat visa bar on Americans guilty of human rights violations, over the US Magnitsky Act.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-20638613)

### Related:

1. [The United States and Russia exchanged charges concerning U.N. Assistant Secretary-General for Human Rights Ivan Simonovic's presentation at the U.N. Security Council meeting on Ukraine. While violence between Ukrainian troops and pro-Russian rebels has lessened since September's agreement, Simonovic warned of the massive civilian toll if major hostilities re-erupt. OCHA's John Ging said locals face unacceptable physical hardships and indignities, and that the suspension of humanitarian programs and expulsion of humanitarian workers in non-government controlled areas must end. ](/news/2015/12/11/the-united-states-and-russia-exchanged-charges-concerning-u-n-assistant-secretary-general-for-human-rights-ivan-a-imonovia-s-presentation.md) _Context: Human rights, Russia, U.S._
2. [The United States imposes sanctions on 18 "Magnitsky list" Russians accused of human rights violations. Russia threatens to retaliate. ](/news/2013/04/12/the-united-states-imposes-sanctions-on-18-magnitsky-list-russians-accused-of-human-rights-violations-russia-threatens-to-retaliate.md) _Context: Human rights, Russia, U.S._
3. [The U.S. Senate votes to repeal the Jackson-Vanik amendment, a long-standing trade restriction with Russia. In its place, the Magnitsky bill is adopted instead. The law requires the United States to place financial and visa restrictions on a list of officials associated with the torture and death of Sergei Magnitsky three years ago. ](/news/2012/12/6/the-u-s-senate-votes-to-repeal-the-jacksonavanik-amendment-a-long-standing-trade-restriction-with-russia-in-its-place-the-magnitsky-bi.md) _Context: Magnitsky bill, Russia, U.S._
4. [Russia's parliament approves a law banning Americans from adopting Russian children as response to a U.S. Magnitsky bill. ](/news/2012/12/26/russia-s-parliament-approves-a-law-banning-americans-from-adopting-russian-children-as-response-to-a-u-s-magnitsky-bill.md) _Context: Americans, Magnitsky bill, Russia_
5. [Following the Magnitsky bill, the U.S. sanctions designed to punish Russia for its rights record, Russia is to ban Americans from adopting their children. ](/news/2012/12/19/following-the-magnitsky-bill-the-u-s-sanctions-designed-to-punish-russia-for-its-rights-record-russia-is-to-ban-americans-from-adopting-t.md) _Context: Americans, Magnitsky bill, Russia_
6. [The Inuit Circumpolar Conference says it hopes to petition the inter-American human rights system to rule that Inuit basic rights are being violated by global warming. They claim that the greenhouse effect, exacerbated by the failure of Russia and the USA to sign the Kyoto Protocol, will lead to the destruction of their way of life. ](/news/2003/12/11/the-inuit-circumpolar-conference-says-it-hopes-to-petition-the-inter-american-human-rights-system-to-rule-that-inuit-basic-rights-are-being.md) _Context: Human rights, Russia, U.S._
7. [The United States State Department orders Russia to close the Consulate-General in San Francisco and two other buildings by September 2, 2017, invoking "parity" over a Russian measure in July. ](/news/2017/08/31/the-united-states-state-department-orders-russia-to-close-the-consulate-general-in-san-francisco-and-two-other-buildings-by-september-2-201.md) _Context: Russia, U.S._
8. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: Russia, U.S._
9. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: Russia, U.S._
10. [ Russia and the United States will continue talks on Aleppo after talks between the U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. ](/news/2016/12/9/russia-and-the-united-states-will-continue-talks-on-aleppo-after-talks-between-the-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-and-foreign-minister.md) _Context: Russia, U.S._
