### [2012-12-7](/news/2012/12/7/index.md)

# The United States Supreme Court grants review of California's ban on same-sex marriage (Proposition 8, which has been challenged), and also agrees to finally determine the constitutionality of the federal DOMA law, which the Obama administration has said it will not continue defending. This is the Court's most significant foray into the issue yet, though an overruling of the DOMA act would only mean the federal government would have to recognize such marriages in areas where they are already legal. 

The U.S. Supreme Court agreed Friday to take its first serious look at the issue of gay marriage, granting review of California&#039;s ban on same-sex marriage and of a federal law that defines marriage as only the legal union of a man and a woman. At the ver


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://nbcpolitics.nbcnews.com/_news/2012/12/07/15756101-us-supreme-court-to-take-up-same-sex-marriage-issue?lite)

### Related:

1. [Gay marriage in the state of California is legalized after the stay held on the unconstitutional California Proposition 8 is lifted. Two women who successfully challenged Proposition 8 in the Supreme Court of the United States are married in San Francisco. ](/news/2013/06/28/gay-marriage-in-the-state-of-california-is-legalized-after-the-stay-held-on-the-unconstitutional-california-proposition-8-is-lifted-two-wom.md) _Context: California, California Proposition 8, Supreme Court of the United States_
2. [The United States Supreme Court weighs the case of a California constitutional amendment banning same-sex unions, passed after gay marriage became legal there. ](/news/2013/03/26/the-united-states-supreme-court-weighs-the-case-of-a-california-constitutional-amendment-banning-same-sex-unions-passed-after-gay-marriage.md) _Context: California, California Proposition 8, Supreme Court of the United States_
3. [Same-sex marriage in the United States:The U.S. Supreme Court rules that Section 3 of the Defense of Marriage Act is unconstitutional and in violation of the Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution. ](/news/2013/06/26/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-pthe-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-section-3-of-the-defense-of-marriage-act-is-unconstitutional-and-i.md) _Context: Defense of Marriage Act, Supreme Court of the United States_
4. [The United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit overturns California's Proposition 8 banning gay marriage in that state. ](/news/2012/02/7/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth-circuit-overturns-california-s-proposition-8-banning-gay-marriage-in-that-state.md) _Context: California, California Proposition 8_
5. [''Brown v. Entertainment Merchants Association'': In a 7-2 decision, the Supreme Court of the United States strikes down a 2005 California law prohibiting minors' access to violent or offensive video games, citing them as protected speech under the First Amendment. ](/news/2011/06/27/brown-v-entertainment-merchants-association-in-a-7-2-decision-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-strikes-down-a-2005-california-l.md) _Context: California, Supreme Court of the United States_
6. [South Australia finalizes a deal with Tesla, spearheaded by tweets originating from CEO of Tesla Elon Musk, to install a battery system in the state. Tesla said in a statement that upon completion by December 2017, the system would be the largest lithium-ion battery storage project in the world, overtaking an 80 megawatt-hour power station at Mira Loma in California also built using Tesla batteries. ](/news/2017/07/7/south-australia-finalizes-a-deal-with-tesla-spearheaded-by-tweets-originating-from-ceo-of-tesla-elon-musk-to-install-a-battery-system-in-t.md) _Context: California_
7. [Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-registration-data-from-president-d.md) _Context: California_
8. [The Supreme Court of the United States partially reinstates President Donald Trump's travel ban and invalidates certain injunctions that were put on the order by two federal appeals courts earlier. Final oral hearings concerning the legality of the Executive Order 13780 will be held in October 2017 at the Supreme Court. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-partially-reinstates-president-donald-trump-s-travel-ban-and-invalidates-certain-injunctions-that-wer.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the United States_
9. [A heat wave strikes the Western U.S. states of Arizona, California, and Nevada. It is predicted to last until June 23. ](/news/2017/06/20/a-heat-wave-strikes-the-western-u-s-states-of-arizona-california-and-nevada-it-is-predicted-to-last-until-june-23.md) _Context: California_
10. [The Slants win their case with the Supreme Court of the United States that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office's rejection of their trademark under the Lanham Act due to their name being "disparaging" is an unconstitutional violation of their free speech rights under the First Amendment. ](/news/2017/06/19/the-slants-win-their-case-with-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-that-the-u-s-patent-and-trademark-office-s-rejection-of-their-tradema.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the United States_
