### [2014-01-18](/news/2014/01/18/index.md)

# An Iranian diplomat is killed in Yemen's capital Sana'a when he resisted gunmen who were trying to kidnap him near the ambassador's residence. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/01/18/us-yemen-iran-idUSBREA0H09020140118)

### Related:

1. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: Iran says last night, Saudi warplanes bombed its embassy in the Yemeni capital, Sana'a, wounding several of its guards. The Associated Press reports there is no visible damage to the building. A Saudi-alliance spokesman promises to investigate the accusations. ](/news/2016/01/7/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-iran-says-last-night-saudi-warplanes-bombed-its-embassy-in-the-yemeni-capital-sana-a-wounding-se.md) _Context: Iran, Sanaa, Yemen_
2. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: At least 35 people are killed in an air strike that hit a hotel near a Houthi run checkpoint north of the Yemeni capital Sanaa. ](/news/2017/08/23/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-at-least-35-people-are-killed-in-an-air-strike-that-hit-a-hotel-near-a-houthi-run-checkpoint-north.md) _Context: Sanaa, Yemen_
3. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognize.md) _Context: Iran, Yemen_
4. [Executive Order 13769: Travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen are blocked from entering the United States as the executive order takes effect. ](/news/2017/01/28/executive-order-13769-travelers-from-iran-iraq-libya-somalia-sudan-syria-and-yemen-are-blocked-from-entering-the-united-states-as-the.md) _Context: Iran, Yemen_
5. [Presidency of Donald Trump: President Trump signs an executive order limiting refugees and immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries, including Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The order also prioritizes the vetting of Christian refugees of the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/27/presidency-of-donald-trump-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-limiting-refugees-and-immigration-from-seven-muslim-majority-countries.md) _Context: Iran, Yemen_
6. [Yemeni Civil War: Seven Pakistani crew members on Iranian cargo ship MV "Joya", sailing from Egypt to Dubai, UAE, are killed in a rocket attack off Yemen's coast. ](/news/2016/12/22/yemeni-civil-war-seven-pakistani-crew-members-on-iranian-cargo-ship-mv-joya-sailing-from-egypt-to-dubai-uae-are-killed-in-a-rocket-att.md) _Context: Iran, Yemen_
7. [Yemeni Crisis (2011-present): The United States Navy's destroyer USS "Mason" comes under missile attack in the Red Sea, off the coast of Yemen. The two missiles, fired from Yemeni territory controlled by Iranian-backed Houthis, impacted the water well before reaching the ship, according to Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis. ](/news/2016/10/9/yemeni-crisis-2011-present-the-united-states-navy-s-destroyer-uss-mason-comes-under-missile-attack-in-the-red-sea-off-the-coast-of-y.md) _Context: Iran, Yemen_
8. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): Saudi Arabian-led air raids on the Yemeni capital Sana'a resume after a truce ends. ](/news/2016/10/23/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-saudi-arabian-led-air-raids-on-the-yemeni-capital-sana-a-resume-after-a-truce-ends.md) _Context: Sanaa, Yemen_
9. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: At least 14 people are killed after Saudi-led coalition airstrikes hit a food factory in Yemen's capital Sana'a. The airstrikes come just days after the suspension of inconclusive peace talks in Kuwait. ](/news/2016/08/9/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-at-least-14-people-are-killed-after-saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-hit-a-food-factory-in-yemen-s-ca.md) _Context: Sanaa, Yemen_
10. [Yemeni Crisis: The Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) and the United States agree to carry out joint naval patrols to prevent Iranian arms shipments reaching Yemen, the Gulf bloc's secretary general Abdullatif bin Rashid Al Zayani said on Wednesday, following a meeting with United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. Iran denies it supplies weapons to the Houthis in Yemen. ](/news/2016/04/20/yemeni-crisis-the-gulf-cooperation-council-gcc-and-the-united-states-agree-to-carry-out-joint-naval-patrols-to-prevent-iranian-arms-shipm.md) _Context: Iran, Yemen_
