### [2014-01-18](/news/2014/01/18/index.md)

# Egyptian constitutional referendum, 2014. Egypt's election council claims that 98.1% of voters supported the new military-backed constitution with a 38.6% turnout. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted2.ap.org/APDEFAULT/3d281c11a96b4ad082fe88aa0db04305/Article_2014-01-18-Egypt/id-20375326ef4840d688307a575993d8e3)
2. [AhramOnline](http://english.ahram.org.eg/News/91874.aspx)

### Related:

1. [Sinai insurgency. A suspected ISIL attack on a security checkpoint in North Sinai Governorate, Egypt, leaves at least 12 Egyptian military personnel and 15 terrorists dead. ](/news/2016/10/14/sinai-insurgency-a-suspected-isil-attack-on-a-security-checkpoint-in-north-sinai-governorate-egypt-leaves-at-least-12-egyptian-military-p.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian military_
2. [Sinai insurgency. Egypt's security forces shoot dead at least 24 ISIS militants as they hid inside a cave in a mountainous area in central Sinai, not far from the crash site of Metrojet Flight 9268, a Russian airliner the group says it brought down. ](/news/2015/11/16/sinai-insurgency-egypt-s-security-forces-shoot-dead-at-least-24-isis-militants-as-they-hid-inside-a-cave-in-a-mountainous-area-in-central-s.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian military_
3. [Sinai insurgency. Egypt's military says it has gained "full control" over the North Sinai areas of Arish, Rafah and Sheikh Zuweid after successful raids on terrorist strongholds and weapons caches. ](/news/2015/10/22/sinai-insurgency-egypt-s-military-says-it-has-gained-full-control-over-the-north-sinai-areas-of-arish-rafah-and-sheikh-zuweid-after-succ.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian military_
4. [Egyptian Field Marshal Abdel Fattah el-Sisi resigns from his position as Minister of Defense and announces his bid for the upcoming presidential election. ](/news/2014/03/26/egyptian-field-marshal-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-resigns-from-his-position-as-minister-of-defense-and-announces-his-bid-for-the-upcoming-presiden.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian military_
5. [Egyptian constitutional referendum, 2014. Voters in Egypt go to the polls for the first day of voting on a new constitution.](/news/2014/01/14/egyptian-constitutional-referendum-2014-voters-in-egypt-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-day-of-voting-on-a-new-constitution.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian constitutional referendum, 2014_
6. [Egypt's military-appointed Prime Minister Kamal Ganzouri calls for national dialogue after weeks of deadly protests against the military regime. ](/news/2011/12/22/egypt-s-military-appointed-prime-minister-kamal-ganzouri-calls-for-national-dialogue-after-weeks-of-deadly-protests-against-the-military-reg.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian military_
7. [Egypt's military police and riot police end a three-week Tahrir Square sit-in. ](/news/2011/08/2/egypt-s-military-police-and-riot-police-end-a-three-week-tahrir-square-sit-in.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian military_
8. [Alexandria train collision. Two trains collide in Alexandria, Egypt, killing at least 41 people and injuring at least 179. ](/news/2017/08/11/alexandria-train-collision-two-trains-collide-in-alexandria-egypt-killing-at-least-41-people-and-injuring-at-least-179.md) _Context: Egypt_
9. [2017 Qatar crisis. Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/2017-qatar-crisis-qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt.md) _Context: Egypt_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 2017 Temple Mount crisis. Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.. Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey. Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.. 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.. United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.. Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-. ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Egypt_
