### [2016-08-29](/news/2016/08/29/index.md)

# U.S. officials are investigating the hacking of election system databases in Illinois and Arizona. The FBI alerted all  election officials nationwide about this issue earlier this month. 

Officials are concerned that the Russians are attempting to interfere in the U.S. election and sow doubt about the electoral process.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/08/29/politics/hackers-breach-illinois-arizona-election-systems/)
2. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/russians-hacked-two-u-s-voter-databases-say-officials-n639551)

### Related:

1. [Health authorities in the United States say that 53 people in nine states have been sickened in a salmonella outbreak. California is the worst affected state with 31 cases with the other states with cases include Arizona, Illinois, Mississippi, New Mexico, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. ](/news/2015/05/21/health-authorities-in-the-united-states-say-that-53-people-in-nine-states-have-been-sickened-in-a-salmonella-outbreak-california-is-the-wor.md) _Context: Arizona, Illinois_
2. [The Federal Bureau of Investigation arrests suspected members of the computer hacking groups LulzSec and Anonymous in the US cities of Phoenix, Arizona and San Francisco, California. ](/news/2011/09/22/the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-arrests-suspected-members-of-the-computer-hacking-groups-lulzsec-and-anonymous-in-the-us-cities-of-phoen.md) _Context: Arizona, FBI_
3. [ Democratic Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich is arrested by Federal Bureau of Investigation agents at his Chicago home, amidst allegations of corruption and pay-to-play regarding the replacement for United States President-elect Barack Obama in the Senate. ](/news/2008/12/9/democratic-illinois-governor-rod-blagojevich-is-arrested-by-federal-bureau-of-investigation-agents-at-his-chicago-home-amidst-allegations.md) _Context: FBI, Illinois_
4. [The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-expands-beyond-ohio-with-the.md) _Context: FBI_
5. [The Federal Bureau of Investigation becomes involved in the search for Elizabeth Thomas and the manhunt for her suspected kidnapper, Tad Cummins. ](/news/2017/03/16/the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-becomes-involved-in-the-search-for-elizabeth-thomas-and-the-manhunt-for-her-suspected-kidnapper-tad-cum.md) _Context: FBI_
6. [Federal Bureau of Investigation chief James Comey tells the United States Congress that he has found no evidence of criminality by Hillary Clinton in relation to a new batch of emails. ](/news/2016/11/6/federal-bureau-of-investigation-chief-james-comey-tells-the-united-states-congress-that-he-has-found-no-evidence-of-criminality-by-hillary-c.md) _Context: FBI_
7. [A new class action lawsuit, filed on Tuesday in U.S. federal court in Illinois,  claims the Volkswagen Group  used emission defeat devices in at least six of its Audi V6 gasoline engines. ](/news/2016/11/13/a-new-class-action-lawsuit-filed-on-tuesday-in-u-s-federal-court-in-illinois-claims-the-volkswagen-group-used-emission-defeat-devices-i.md) _Context: Illinois_
8. [Four state Democratic Parties sue  the Donald Trump presidential campaign, the state Republican Parties, and "Stop the Steal"  group founder Roger Stone  for voter intimidation in the states of Ohio, Pennsylvania, Nevada, and Arizona. ](/news/2016/11/1/four-state-democratic-parties-sue-the-donald-trump-presidential-campaign-the-state-republican-parties-and-stop-the-steal-group-founder.md) _Context: Arizona_
9. [ A police officer from Bethel, Alaska, will be sentenced to prison for charges related to police brutality in a 2014 case involving an intoxicated man. The charges followed an investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigations civil rights division. The former officer, Andrew Reid, was found to have used excessive force and lying on official police reports. The victim suffered a separated shoulder and other injuries. ](/news/2016/08/24/a-police-officer-from-bethel-alaska-will-be-sentenced-to-prison-for-charges-related-to-police-brutality-in-a-2014-case-involving-an-intox.md) _Context: FBI_
10. [''The New York Times'' reports its Moscow bureau was targeted this month by hackers, believed to be Russian. While there is no evidence that the hackers were successful, the FBI is investigating. ](/news/2016/08/23/the-new-york-times-reports-its-moscow-bureau-was-targeted-this-month-by-hackers-believed-to-be-russian-while-there-is-no-evidence-that.md) _Context: FBI_
