### [2016-08-29](/news/2016/08/29/index.md)

# Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): The death toll of a suicide bombing in the southern Yemeni city of Aden rises to at least 71. Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. 

A suicide bomber killed at least 54 people when he drove a car bomb into a militia compound in Aden on Monday, the health ministry said, in one of the deadliest attacks claimed by Islamic State in the southern Yemeni port city.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-yemen-security-idUSKCN1140HJ?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)

### Related:

1. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): December 2016 Aden suicide bombing: A suicide bomber kills at least 50 soldiers and injures 70 more at a military barracks in Aden, Yemen. ](/news/2016/12/10/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-december-2016-aden-suicide-bombing-a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-50-soldiers-and-injures-70-more-at-a.md) _Context: Aden, Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
2. [Yemeni Civil War: A suicide car bomb, that targeted the Central Security headquarters in the port city of Aden, Yemen, kills at least 26 people. Following the blast, militants stormed the compound and clashed with soldiers. No group immediately claimed responsibility but it is similar to an Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant attack on the port of Al Mukalla. ](/news/2016/07/6/yemeni-civil-war-a-suicide-car-bomb-that-targeted-the-central-security-headquarters-in-the-port-city-of-aden-yemen-kills-at-least-26-peo.md) _Context: Aden, ISIL, Yemen_
3. [ Yemeni civil war (2015-present): At least 41 army recruits are killed and 60 others injured in a suicide car bomb attack in Aden, Yemen. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant group claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/05/23/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-at-least-41-army-recruits-are-killed-and-60-others-injured-in-a-suicide-car-bomb-attack-in-aden-yemen.md) _Context: Aden, Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
4. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): 2016 Aden car bombing: At least 22 people are killed following three suicide bombings in the Yemeni port city of Aden. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the bombings. ](/news/2016/03/25/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-2016-aden-car-bombing-at-least-22-people-are-killed-following-three-suicide-bombings-in-the-yemeni-port.md) _Context: Aden, Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
5. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: The United Arab Emirates pulls its troops out of Yemen amid mounting casualties among its forces battling Shia Houthi militants and rising tensions with local fighters in Aden, southern Yemen, which escalated yesterday when Aden International Airport was stormed by local pro-government gunmen. The airport has now been closed. ](/news/2016/02/24/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-the-united-arab-emirates-pulls-its-troops-out-of-yemen-amid-moun.md) _Context: Aden, Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
6. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): At least seven people are killed in a suicide bomb attack near the presidential palace in Aden, Yemen. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims it was behind the attack. ](/news/2016/01/28/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-at-least-seven-people-are-killed-in-a-suicide-bomb-attack-near-the-presidential-palace-in-aden-yemen-th.md) _Context: Aden, Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
7. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): A suicide-bomb attack outside the police chief's house in Aden, southern Yemen, leaves at least 7 people dead. ](/news/2016/01/17/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-a-suicide-bomb-attack-outside-the-police-chief-s-house-in-aden-southern-yemen-leaves-at-least-7-people.md) _Context: Aden, Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
8. [Yemeni Civil War: Thousands of supporters of Yemen's secessionists rally in the southern city of Aden, backing a new group led by former head of Aden Governorate Aidarus al-Zoubaidi that advocates for autonomy of the country's south. ](/news/2017/07/7/yemeni-civil-war-thousands-of-supporters-of-yemen-s-secessionists-rally-in-the-southern-city-of-aden-backing-a-new-group-led-by-former-hea.md) _Context: Aden, Yemen_
9. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): A Saudi-led coalition airstrike on a market in Al Hudaydah Governorate, Yemen, kills at least 20 civilians and six Houthi militants. ](/news/2017/03/10/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-a-saudi-led-coalition-airstrike-on-a-market-in-al-hudaydah-governorate-yemen-kills-at-least-20-civilian.md) _Context: Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
10. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): Coalition troops take control of the strategic Yemeni port city of Mocha after driving out Houthi forces. ](/news/2017/02/7/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-coalition-troops-take-control-of-the-strategic-yemeni-port-city-of-mocha-after-driving-out-houthi-forces.md) _Context: Yemen, Yemeni conflict_
