### [2004-10-18](/news/2004/10/18/index.md)

#  A referendum is held in Belarus on a proposal by President Alexander Lukashenko to permit Lukashenko to run for a third term by amending the country's constitution to remove term limits. The Belarus electoral commission says the referendum won the support of at least 75 percent of voters, but independent elections monitors say that the voting procedures "fell significantly short" of international standards. In Minsk, the capital, more than 2,000 people protest the results of the referendum. 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/3752930.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6532252)
2. [Cover Image](https://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [In Minsk, about 1,000 opposition activists protest Russia's plans to establish a military air base in Belarus, saying it would turn the former Soviet republic into a Kremlin "vassal" and add to regional tensions. Belarussian President Alexander Lukashenko has refrained from commenting on the initiative to establish the base. ](/news/2015/10/4/in-minsk-about-1-000-opposition-activists-protest-russia-s-plans-to-establish-a-military-air-base-in-belarus-saying-it-would-turn-the-form.md) _Context: Alexander Lukashenko, Belarus, Minsk_
2. [ In Minsk, Belarus, protests continue over the results of Monday's referendum, which permitted President Alexander Lukashenko to seek a third term. At least 30 protesters are arrested, including opposition leader Anatoly Lebedko. Supporters say Lebedko was badly beaten by police and was refused treatment for his injuries. ](/news/2004/10/19/in-minsk-belarus-protests-continue-over-the-results-of-monday-s-referendum-which-permitted-president-alexander-lukashenko-to-seek-a-thir.md) _Context: Alexander Lukashenko, Minsk, Monday's referendum_
3. [Thousands of people protest in Minsk, Belarus, despite a ban on protests, against a so-called "social parasites" tax on the unemployed. ](/news/2017/03/25/thousands-of-people-protest-in-minsk-belarus-despite-a-ban-on-protests-against-a-so-called-social-parasites-tax-on-the-unemployed.md) _Context: Belarus, Minsk_
4. [The top U.S. diplomat in Belarus Scott Rauland and Belarusian Foreign Minister Uladzimer Makey said that their countries are ready to discuss the possible return of their ambassadors. Makey told reporters in Minsk that "there is readiness from both sides for a full normalization of our relations." Belarus recalled its ambassador from Washington in 2008 after the United States imposed sanctions against Belarusian oil giant Belneftekhim following tensions between Minsk and the West. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-top-u-s-diplomat-in-belarus-scott-rauland-and-belarusian-foreign-minister-uladzimer-makey-said-that-their-countries-are-ready-to-discus.md) _Context: Belarus, Minsk_
5. [Authorities in Belarus detain prominent businessman Yury Chyzh, once a close adviser to Alexander Lukashenko and included in the EU's sanctions list, on suspicion of large-scale tax evasion. ](/news/2016/03/13/authorities-in-belarus-detain-prominent-businessman-yury-chyzh-once-a-close-adviser-to-alexander-lukashenko-and-included-in-the-eu-s-sancti.md) _Context: Alexander Lukashenko, Belarus_
6. [Leaders from Germany, France, Russia and Ukraine meet in the Belarusian capital Minsk for peace talks. ](/news/2015/02/11/leaders-from-germany-france-russia-and-ukraine-meet-in-the-belarusian-capital-minsk-for-peace-talks.md) _Context: Belarus, Minsk_
7. [The local KGB in Minsk arrests about 100 Ukrainian and 30 Belarusian soccer fans at a qualifying match between Ukraine and Belarus for the 2016 European Championship after they a sang the song, Putin-Huilo! (which roughly translates as "Putin is a dickhead!"). ](/news/2014/10/10/the-local-kgb-in-minsk-arrests-about-100-ukrainian-and-30-belarusian-soccer-fans-at-a-qualifying-match-between-ukraine-and-belarus-for-the-2.md) _Context: Belarus, Minsk_
8. [The President of Russia Vladimir Putin meets with the President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko in Minsk, Belarus, as disputes in eastern Ukraine continue. ](/news/2014/08/26/the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-meets-with-the-president-of-ukraine-petro-poroshenko-in-minsk-belarus-as-disputes-in-eastern-ukrain.md) _Context: Belarus, Minsk_
9. [Belarusian human rights' activist Ales Bialiatski is freed from prison and is received by his wife and supporters in Minsk. ](/news/2014/06/21/belarusian-human-rights-activist-ales-bialiatski-is-freed-from-prison-and-is-received-by-his-wife-and-supporters-in-minsk.md) _Context: Belarus, Minsk_
10. [5 Belarusian journalists are sentenced to administrative arrests ranging from 3 to 12 days for attending unsanctioned rallies in Minsk and other cities. ](/news/2011/07/6/5-belarusian-journalists-are-sentenced-to-administrative-arrests-ranging-from-3-to-12-days-for-attending-unsanctioned-rallies-in-minsk-and-o.md) _Context: Belarus, Minsk_
