### [2004-10-18](/news/2004/10/18/index.md)

#  Iran says that it is willing to negotiate with the U.K., Germany, and France regarding a suspension of its uranium enrichment activities, but that it will never renounce its right to enrich uranium. Iran's nuclear program is currently under investigation by the International Atomic Energy Agency. 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6527468)
1. [Cover Image](https://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [ Talks between Iran and three European Union members, France, Germany, and the United Kingdom, on the Iranian nuclear program end without an agreement and no further meetings planned. Iran has offered a six-month suspension of its uranium enrichment program. The European Union seeks an indefinite halt to the program. The issue is expected to be referred to the United Nations Security Council at the November 25 meeting of the International Atomic Energy Agency. ](/news/2004/11/6/talks-between-iran-and-three-european-union-members-france-germany-and-the-united-kingdom-on-the-iranian-nuclear-program-end-without-an.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, Iran's nuclear program, uranium enrichment_
2. [ Iran's nuclear program: The International Atomic Energy Agency delays issuing its report on Iran's nuclear activities as Iran, France, Germany and Britain remain deadlocked in talks aimed at freezing Iran's uranium enrichment program. ](/news/2004/11/11/iran-s-nuclear-program-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-delays-issuing-its-report-on-iran-s-nuclear-activities-as-iran-france-germ.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, Iran's nuclear program, uranium enrichment_
3. [ The International Atomic Energy Agency passes a resolution 25-3 condemning Iran for developing a secret uranium enrichment site. ](/news/2009/11/27/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-passes-a-resolution-25-3-condemning-iran-for-developing-a-secret-uranium-enrichment-site.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, uranium enrichment_
4. [ Iran's nuclear program: Just three days after an agreement with the European Union took effect, Iran prevents the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) from sealing centrifuges at the Natanz enrichment facility. The IAEA begins its meeting to decide whether or not to refer the matter to the United Nations Security Council. ](/news/2004/11/25/iran-s-nuclear-program-just-three-days-after-an-agreement-with-the-european-union-took-effect-iran-prevents-the-international-atomic-ener.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, Iran's nuclear program_
5. [ Iran's nuclear program: The European Union rejects a request by Iran to be allowed to continue using uranium enrichment centrifuges. ](/news/2004/11/24/iran-s-nuclear-program-the-european-union-rejects-a-request-by-iran-to-be-allowed-to-continue-using-uranium-enrichment-centrifuges.md) _Context: Iran, Iran's nuclear program, uranium enrichment_
6. [ Iran's nuclear program: Iran declares that it will suspend its uranium enrichment programme to comply with a European Union-brokered deadline. Iran will review its decision in three months. The EU seeks to have the suspension made permanent and is willing to provide economic and political incentives. ](/news/2004/11/22/iran-s-nuclear-program-iran-declares-that-it-will-suspend-its-uranium-enrichment-programme-to-comply-with-a-european-union-brokered-deadli.md) _Context: Iran, Iran's nuclear program, uranium enrichment_
7. [ Iran rejects a European Union proposal to provide civilian nuclear technology to Iran in exchange for Iran scrapping its uranium enrichment program, calling for more negotiations. A decision to refer to matter from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) to the United Nations Security Council is expected on November 25, 2004. ](/news/2004/10/24/iran-rejects-a-european-union-proposal-to-provide-civilian-nuclear-technology-to-iran-in-exchange-for-iran-scrapping-its-uranium-enrichment.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, uranium enrichment_
8. [ Iran rejects a unanimous United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency resolution calling on Iran to freeze its uranium enrichment activities. Iran threatens to prevent UN inspections of its nuclear program. ](/news/2004/09/19/iran-rejects-a-unanimous-united-nations-international-atomic-energy-agency-resolution-calling-on-iran-to-freeze-its-uranium-enrichment-acti.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, uranium enrichment_
9. [ Mohamed ElBaradei, Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency accuses Iran of "less than satisfactory" cooperation during the IAEA's investigation of its nuclear program. ElBaradei demands "accelerated and proactive cooperation" from Iran, while Iran rejects further restrictions on nuclear programs. ](/news/2004/06/14/mohamed-elbaradei-director-general-of-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-accuses-iran-of-less-than-satisfactory-cooperation-during-t.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, Iran's nuclear program_
10. [An IAEA report says Iran remains within key limits set in the 2015 agreement with world powers on development of its nuclear program. ](/news/2017/08/31/an-iaea-report-says-iran-remains-within-key-limits-set-in-the-2015-agreement-with-world-powers-on-development-of-its-nuclear-program.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran_
