### [2004-10-18](/news/2004/10/18/index.md)

#  The Anglican Communion's Lambeth Commission on Communion releases the Windsor Report. The Commission recommends that churches throughout the Communion express regret for the divisions that they have caused in the Communion. This report was precipitated by the consecration of the openly gay Reverend Gene Robinson as a bishop in the United States Episcopal Church, and by the responses of other Anglican churches to his consecration. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/3751544.stm)
2. [Windsor Report](http://windsor2004.anglicancommunion.org/)

### Related:

1. [ The Episcopal Church, the U.S. branch of the Anglican Communion, approves its first openly gay bishop as the final vote was cast to confirm Gene Robinson as the Diocese of New Hampshire. Robinson was cleared of allegations of misconduct before the vote. The action incites protests, a declaration of a "pastoral emergency", and calls for intervention by the Anglican Communion chief bishops.](/news/2003/08/5/the-episcopal-church-the-u-s-branch-of-the-anglican-communion-approves-its-first-openly-gay-bishop-as-the-final-vote-was-cast-to-confirm.md) _Context: Anglican Communion, Gene Robinson, United States Episcopal Church, bishop_
2. [ The Church of Uganda, the Anglican province of Uganda, appoints a bishop in the United States, John Guernsey, deepening a split with the Episcopal Church over the ordination of gay priests and bishops. ](/news/2007/09/1/the-church-of-uganda-the-anglican-province-of-uganda-appoints-a-bishop-in-the-united-states-john-guernsey-deepening-a-split-with-the-ep.md) _Context: Anglican Communion, United States Episcopal Church, bishop_
3. [ Hundreds of bishops from the worldwide Anglican Communion gather at Canterbury as the once-a-decade Lambeth Conference begins one month after the GAFCON. ](/news/2008/07/16/hundreds-of-bishops-from-the-worldwide-anglican-communion-gather-at-canterbury-as-the-once-a-decade-lambeth-conference-begins-one-month-aft.md) _Context: Anglican Communion, bishop_
4. [ The bishops of the United States Episcopal Church agree to "exercise restraint" by not consecrating more gay bishops or authorizing rites for the blessing of same-sex unions in order to prevent a schism in the Anglican Church worldwide. ](/news/2007/09/26/the-bishops-of-the-united-states-episcopal-church-agree-to-exercise-restraint-by-not-consecrating-more-gay-bishops-or-authorizing-rites-f.md) _Context: United States Episcopal Church, bishop_
5. [ Rowan Williams, Archbishop of Canterbury and spiritual head of the Anglican community, declines to invite gay Bishop of New Hampshire Gene Robinson and unrecognized conservative Bishop Martyn Minns of the Convocation of Anglicans in North America to the 2008 Lambeth Conference. ](/news/2007/05/22/rowan-williams-archbishop-of-canterbury-and-spiritual-head-of-the-anglican-community-declines-to-invite-gay-bishop-of-new-hampshire-gene.md) _Context: Gene Robinson, bishop_
6. [ Katharine Jefferts Schori, the Episcopal bishop of Nevada, and the new leader of the Episcopal Church in the United States of America has said that homosexuality is not a sin. ](/news/2006/06/21/katharine-jefferts-schori-the-episcopal-bishop-of-nevada-and-the-new-leader-of-the-episcopal-church-in-the-united-states-of-america-has-s.md) _Context: United States Episcopal Church, homosexuality_
7. [ Pope Benedict XVI prepares to enact new rules restricting homosexual men from entering the seminary, claiming that the action will help to curb the Roman Catholic Church sex abuse scandal. In response, Gene Robinson, the first openly gay U.S. ordained Episcopalian bishop, calls it "an act of violence that needs to be confronted." ](/news/2005/11/5/pope-benedict-xvi-prepares-to-enact-new-rules-restricting-homosexual-men-from-entering-the-seminary-claiming-that-the-action-will-help-to.md) _Context: Gene Robinson, homosexuality_
8. [ The Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams, the leader of the world-wide Anglican Communion, is challenged to rethink his personal stance on the ordination of gay clergy in the light of scripture by nearly half of all the Anglican Primates. ](/news/2005/11/17/the-archbishop-of-canterbury-rowan-williams-the-leader-of-the-world-wide-anglican-communion-is-challenged-to-rethink-his-personal-stance.md) _Context: Anglican Communion, homosexuality_
9. [ The Anglican Churches of North America &ndash; the Episcopal Church in the United States and the Anglican Church of Canada &ndash; are asked to voluntarily withdraw their members from the Anglican Consultative Council until after the next Lambeth Conference in 2008. This is viewed as an ultimatum to the churches to bring their policies into line with the worldwide Anglican Communion, following the ordination of the first gay bishop in New Hampshire and the blessing of same-sex unions by the Canadian church, and presages a schism if they do not comply. ](/news/2005/02/24/the-anglican-churches-of-north-america-ndash-the-episcopal-church-in-the-united-states-and-the-anglican-church-of-canada-ndash-are-aske.md) _Context: Gene Robinson, United States Episcopal Church_
10. [ The Anglican Church splits over gay bishop. Half the archbishops of the Anglican union denounce the Episcopal Church's consecration of the world's first openly gay, Gene Robinson, non-celibate bishop and vowed not to recognize the appointment.](/news/2003/11/4/the-anglican-church-splits-over-gay-bishop-half-the-archbishops-of-the-anglican-union-denounce-the-episcopal-church-s-consecration-of-the.md) _Context: Gene Robinson, United States Episcopal Church_
