### [2003-05-16](/news/2003/05/16/index.md)

#  "The Guardian" reports that the Republican Party of Texas had the help of the United States Department of Homeland Security to track down several Democratic Party state legislators who had fled the state to prevent the state's House of Representatives from meeting with a quorum.




### Related:

1. [ Democrat Stephanie Herseth narrowly defeats Republican Larry Diedrich in a closely watched by-election for South Dakota's US House seat. ](/news/2004/06/1/democrat-stephanie-herseth-narrowly-defeats-republican-larry-diedrich-in-a-closely-watched-by-election-for-south-dakota-s-us-house-seat.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Republican_
2. [ U.S. Democratic and Republican leaders in Congress condemn the alleged mistreatment of Iraqi detainees in the strongest terms and call for a congressional investigation. ](/news/2004/05/4/u-s-democratic-and-republican-leaders-in-congress-condemn-the-alleged-mistreatment-of-iraqi-detainees-in-the-strongest-terms-and-call-for.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Republican_
3. [ U.S. presidential election : An advertisement for John Kerry placed in a newspaper in Gulfport, Florida by a local Democratic Party club gets negative national publicity, as it suggests shooting United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld. The ad was placed by the Saint Petersburg Democratic Club of Florida, and has been condemned by both Republicans and Democrats, including Kerry's campaign. ](/news/2004/04/14/u-s-presidential-election-an-advertisement-for-john-kerry-placed-in-a-newspaper-in-gulfport-florida-by-a-local-democratic-party-club-ge.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Republican_
4. [ Staff members of the United States Republican Party are accused of infiltrating Democratic Party computers and making copies of confidential files stored on the compromised computers. The infiltrations reportedly began in early 2002.](/news/2004/01/22/staff-members-of-the-united-states-republican-party-are-accused-of-infiltrating-democratic-party-computers-and-making-copies-of-confidentia.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Republican_
5. [ In Louisiana, conservative Democrat Kathleen Blanco defeats Republican Bobby Jindal to become the first woman in that state to be elected governor. Jindal is the son of immigrants from India.](/news/2003/11/15/in-louisiana-conservative-democrat-kathleen-blanco-defeats-republican-bobby-jindal-to-become-the-first-woman-in-that-state-to-be-elected-g.md) _Context: Democratic Party, Republican_
6. [Qatar announces it will donate USD$ 30 million to help people in Texas recover from Harvey. ](/news/2017/09/7/qatar-announces-it-will-donate-usd-30-million-to-help-people-in-texas-recover-from-harvey.md) _Context: Texas_
7. [United States Homeland Security bans Kaspersky Lab products from government computers due to fears they could be coerced into sharing information with the Russian government. ](/news/2017/09/13/united-states-homeland-security-bans-kaspersky-lab-products-from-government-computers-due-to-fears-they-could-be-coerced-into-sharing-inform.md) _Context: United States Homeland Security_
8. [At least eight people have died in the American state of Texas with 30,000 residents in the city of Houston expected to seek temporary shelter. ](/news/2017/08/28/at-least-eight-people-have-died-in-the-american-state-of-texas-with-30-000-residents-in-the-city-of-houston-expected-to-seek-temporary-shelt.md) _Context: Texas_
9. [The death toll from Hurricane Harvey in the American city of Houston, Texas, rises to three with several more days of heavy rain causing "catastrophic" floods to come. ](/news/2017/08/27/the-death-toll-from-hurricane-harvey-in-the-american-city-of-houston-texas-rises-to-three-with-several-more-days-of-heavy-rain-causing-ca.md) _Context: Texas_
10. [Tropical depression Harvey becomes a hurricane, expected to make landfall on the Texas coast at Category 3, bringing life-threatening storm surge, rainfall, and wind hazards. ](/news/2017/08/24/tropical-depression-harvey-becomes-a-hurricane-expected-to-make-landfall-on-the-texas-coast-at-category-3-bringing-life-threatening-storm.md) _Context: Texas_
