### [2013-05-9](/news/2013/05/9/index.md)

# Pakistani militant Sanaullah Haq dies after being assaulted in an Indian jail as a revenge attack following the death of Sarabjit Singh in Pakistan last week. 

A convicted Pakistani militant jailed in India died on Thursday in hospital after being beaten by another inmate in an apparent revenge attack for the death of an Indian spy prisoner, threatening already fraught relations between the two nations.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/05/09/us-pakistan-india-prisoner-idUSBRE94805F20130509)

### Related:

1. [Convicted Indian spy Sarabjit Singh dies after being attacked by fellow inmates in a Pakistani prison. He is flown home to India where the government of Punjab has declared him a martyr. ](/news/2013/05/2/convicted-indian-spy-sarabjit-singh-dies-after-being-attacked-by-fellow-inmates-in-a-pakistani-prison-he-is-flown-home-to-india-where-the-g.md) _Context: India, Pakistan, Sarabjit Singh_
2. [ The foreign minister of India, Natwar Singh, calls on Pakistan high commissioner Aziz Ahmed Khan to plead the case of Sarabjit Singh. ](/news/2005/08/25/the-foreign-minister-of-india-natwar-singh-calls-on-pakistan-high-commissioner-aziz-ahmed-khan-to-plead-the-case-of-sarabjit-singh.md) _Context: India, Pakistan, Sarabjit Singh_
3. [2008 Mumbai attacks: Pakistan detains Hafiz Muhammad Saeed, the suspected mastermind of the 2008 attacks in the Indian city. Saeed, co-founder of the active terrorist organization Lashkar-e-Taiba, is being held under house arrest in Lahore in Pakistan's Punjab Province. Four other men are also under house arrest in the area. ](/news/2017/01/31/2008-mumbai-attacks-pakistan-detains-hafiz-muhammad-saeed-the-suspected-mastermind-of-the-2008-attacks-in-the-indian-city-saeed-co-found.md) _Context: India, Pakistan_
4. [Pakistan releases Indian fishermen caught in its territory as a gesture of goodwill. ](/news/2016/12/25/pakistan-releases-indian-fishermen-caught-in-its-territory-as-a-gesture-of-goodwill.md) _Context: India, Pakistan_
5. [India-Pakistan relations: Pakistan accuses eight Indian diplomats of espionage and terrorism amid rising tensions concerning Kashmir. India says it rejects these allegations. The six Pakistani diplomats withdrawn from India last week were reported to have been accused of spying. ](/news/2016/11/3/india-pakistan-relations-pakistan-accuses-eight-indian-diplomats-of-espionage-and-terrorism-amid-rising-tensions-concerning-kashmir-india.md) _Context: India, Pakistan_
6. [2016 India-Pakistan military confrontation: Kashmir conflict: Pakistani Chief of Air Staff Sohail Aman warns India not to escalate tensions in the disputed territory of Kashmir under the threat of a full-scale war. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson urges both sides to restrain themselves while on a diplomatic mission to Islamabad. ](/news/2016/11/24/2016-india-pakistan-military-confrontation-kashmir-conflict-pakistani-chief-of-air-staff-sohail-aman-warns-india-not-to-escalate-tension.md) _Context: India, Pakistan_
7. [2016 India-Pakistan military confrontation: Pakistani officials say nine civilians have been killed after cross-border Indian shelling hit their passenger bus in Neelam Valley, northeast of Muzaffarabad, while three Pakistani soldiers were killed in other cross-border firing incidents. ](/news/2016/11/23/2016-india-pakistan-military-confrontation-pakistani-officials-say-nine-civilians-have-been-killed-after-cross-border-indian-shelling-hit.md) _Context: India, Pakistan_
8. [2016 India-Pakistan military confrontation: Pakistan Army's Inter-Services Public Relations (ISPR) reports seven Pakistani soldiers have been killed by Indian cross-border shelling in Bhimber District, Azad Kashmir. ](/news/2016/11/14/2016-india-pakistan-military-confrontation-pakistan-army-s-inter-services-public-relations-ispr-reports-seven-pakistani-soldiers-have-b.md) _Context: India, Pakistan_
9. [India-Pakistan relations: India and Pakistan each expel a diplomat from the other country as tensions grow over Kashmir. ](/news/2016/10/27/india-pakistan-relations-india-and-pakistan-each-expel-a-diplomat-from-the-other-country-as-tensions-grow-over-kashmir.md) _Context: India, Pakistan_
10. [19th SAARC summit: Members of the 19th South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) summit, scheduled to be held in Pakistan during November 2016, postpone the meeting following a Indian-led boycott, including Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Bhutan in response to Pakistan's alleged involvement in a deadly terrorist attack on a Indian Army base in Uri, Jammu and Kashmir, on September 18. ](/news/2016/09/28/19th-saarc-summit-members-of-the-19th-south-asian-association-for-regional-cooperation-saarc-summit-scheduled-to-be-held-in-pakistan-dur.md) _Context: India, Pakistan_
