### [2014-08-15](/news/2014/08/15/index.md)

# Suspected Islamist Boko Haram fighters have abducted dozens of boys and men in Doron Baga, a remote, sandy fishing village in the northeast, in Borno State, near Lake Chad. 




### Source:

1. [MSN](http://news.msn.com/world/boko-haram-abduct-dozens-of-boys-in-northeast-nigeria-witnesses)

### Related:

1. [Refugees flee Nigeria's Borno State following the Boko Haram massacre in the town of Baga. 7,300 flee to neighbouring Chad while over 1,000 are trapped on the island of Kangala in Lake Chad. Nigeria's army vows to recapture the town, while Niger and Chad withdraw their forces from a transnational force tasked with combating militants. ](/news/2015/01/9/refugees-flee-nigeria-s-borno-state-following-the-boko-haram-massacre-in-the-town-of-baga-7-300-flee-to-neighbouring-chad-while-over-1-000.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Borno State, Lake Chad_
2. [Boko Haram insurgents ambush an oil exploration team in the Magumeri area of Borno State, Nigeria, killing at least 69 people. ](/news/2017/07/30/boko-haram-insurgents-ambush-an-oil-exploration-team-in-the-magumeri-area-of-borno-state-nigeria-killing-at-least-69-people.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Borno State_
3. [Nigerian officials report, as a result of negotiations, Boko Haram has released an estimated 82 schoolgirls who were among about 220 kidnapped from a secondary school in Chibok in Borno State in April 2014. ](/news/2017/05/6/nigerian-officials-report-as-a-result-of-negotiations-boko-haram-has-released-an-estimated-82-schoolgirls-who-were-among-about-220-kidnapp.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Borno State_
4. [A Nigerian Air Force jet mistakenly bombs a refugee camp in Borno State, near the border with Cameroon, killing at least 90 people and injuring more than 100. The pilot reportedly believed he was attacking Boko Haram militants. ](/news/2017/01/17/a-nigerian-air-force-jet-mistakenly-bombs-a-refugee-camp-in-borno-state-near-the-border-with-cameroon-killing-at-least-90-people-and-injur.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Borno State_
5. [According to a Nigerian Army spokesman, a Boko Haram suicide bomber kills six people inside a mosque in the town of Damboa, Borno State. A second suicide bomber attempted to enter the same mosque but failed to gain entry and detonated his belt, killing only himself. ](/news/2016/07/8/according-to-a-nigerian-army-spokesman-a-boko-haram-suicide-bomber-kills-six-people-inside-a-mosque-in-the-town-of-damboa-borno-state-a-s.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Borno State_
6. [Niger, following attacks by Boko Haram on Bosso and Yebi in the Lake Chad region, extends for three months a state of emergency in Diffa. ](/news/2016/07/30/niger-following-attacks-by-boko-haram-on-bosso-and-yebi-in-the-lake-chad-region-extends-for-three-months-a-state-of-emergency-in-diffa.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Lake Chad_
7. [The United Nations suspends aid to dangerous areas of Nigeria's northeastern Borno State following Thursday's attack by Boko Haram (ISIL in Africa) on a humanitarian convoy where two soldiers and three civilians were wounded. However, UNICEF noted, aid will continue to the capital Maiduguri. ](/news/2016/07/29/the-united-nations-suspends-aid-to-dangerous-areas-of-nigeria-s-northeastern-borno-state-following-thursday-s-attack-by-boko-haram-isil-in.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Borno State_
8. [Fighting in various remote villages in the Borno State of Nigeria kill at least one civilian and six Boko Haram militants. According to the Nigerian Army, they've rescued more than 5,000 hostages from the militants. ](/news/2016/06/26/fighting-in-various-remote-villages-in-the-borno-state-of-nigeria-kill-at-least-one-civilian-and-six-boko-haram-militants-according-to-the.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Borno State_
9. [Three suicide bombers at Lake Chad kill at least 30 people and injure at least 80 others. Three women carried out the attack at a weekly market on an island on the Chadian side of the lake. No group claims responsibility; officials suspect the attacks were carried out by members of the Boko Haram militant group from neighboring Nigeria. ](/news/2015/12/5/three-suicide-bombers-at-lake-chad-kill-at-least-30-people-and-injure-at-least-80-others-three-women-carried-out-the-attack-at-a-weekly-mar.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Lake Chad_
10. [An overnight raid by suspected Boko Haram militants on Niger's southern border town of Abadam, kills two Nigerien Army soldiers and three civilians. And, separately, a suicide-bomb attack on Lake Chad killed three of the attackers but no one else. A military convoy was also ambushed by militants in northern Cameroon, although there were no reported deaths. ](/news/2015/12/23/an-overnight-raid-by-suspected-boko-haram-militants-on-niger-s-southern-border-town-of-abadam-kills-two-nigerien-army-soldiers-and-three-ci.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Lake Chad_
