### [2014-08-15](/news/2014/08/15/index.md)

# Texas Governor Rick Perry is indicted on felony charges for abuse of power. He is accused of coercing a District Attorney who had been convicted of drunk driving to resign by threatening to veto funding for state public corruption prosecutors. 

Get the latest breaking news across the U.S. on ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/texas-perry-indicted-coercion-veto-threat-25003869)

### Related:

1. [United States presidential election, 2016. The 2016 Republican National Convention gets underway in Cleveland, Ohio. With the day's theme being national and local security, notable speakers include reality television star Willie Robertson, actor Scott Baio, former Governor of Texas Rick Perry, former Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani, Milwaukee County sheriff David Clarke, retired United States Army lieutenant general Michael T. Flynn and Melania Trump, wife of presumptive Republican nominee for President of the United States Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/18/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-2016-republican-national-convention-gets-underway-in-cleveland-ohio-with-the-day-s-theme-be.md) _Context: Governor of Texas, Rick Perry_
2. [United States presidential election, 2016. Former Governor of Texas and Republican presidential candidate Rick Perry endorses Donald Trump for president and says he is open to being Trump's vice-presidential running mate. ](/news/2016/05/5/united-states-presidential-election-2016-former-governor-of-texas-and-republican-presidential-candidate-rick-perry-endorses-donald-trump-f.md) _Context: Governor of Texas, Rick Perry_
3. [United States presidential election, 2016. Former Governor of Texas Rick Perry announces that he will be a candidate for the Republican Party. ](/news/2015/06/4/united-states-presidential-election-2016-former-governor-of-texas-rick-perry-announces-that-he-will-be-a-candidate-for-the-republican-part.md) _Context: Governor of Texas, Rick Perry_
4. [Governor of Texas Rick Perry, the longest serving governor in his home state, announces he will not seek a fourth term. ](/news/2013/07/8/governor-of-texas-rick-perry-the-longest-serving-governor-in-his-home-state-announces-he-will-not-seek-a-fourth-term.md) _Context: Governor of Texas, Rick Perry_
5. [The Prime Minister of Italy Silvio Berlusconi is indicted on charges of paying for sex with an underaged girl and abuse of power in the so-called Rubygate scandal. ](/news/2011/02/15/the-prime-minister-of-italy-silvio-berlusconi-is-indicted-on-charges-of-paying-for-sex-with-an-underaged-girl-and-abuse-of-power-in-the-so-c.md) _Context: abuse of power, indicted_
6. [Aftermath of the Mamasapano clash. Former President of the Philippines Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III is indicted (among others) by the Office of the Ombudsman for his failure in handling the 2015 Mamasapano clash, which resulted in the deaths of 44 members of the Special Action Forces of the Philippine National Police. Aquino's legal team has vowed to appeal for a motion for reconsideration; as well as the group Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption (representing the victims' families), against what they call a "weak case" (citing Aquino's charges of "graft" & "usurpation of authority", instead of "reckless imprudence resulting in multiple homicide") ](/news/2017/07/14/aftermath-of-the-mamasapano-clash-former-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-noynoy-aquino-iii-is-indicted-among-others-by-the-office.md) _Context: indicted_
7. [Political appointments of Donald Trump. The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/political-appointments-of-donald-trump-the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-prim.md) _Context: Rick Perry_
8. [Former HBOS manager Lynden Scourfield and other bankers and consultants are found guilty of corruption and abuse of power in stealing GBP245 million from the bank and small businesses in a loans scam, which was spent on personal luxuries. Scourfield was sentenced to 11 years in prison. ](/news/2017/02/2/former-hbos-manager-lynden-scourfield-and-other-bankers-and-consultants-are-found-guilty-of-corruption-and-abuse-of-power-in-stealing-agbp24.md) _Context: abuse of power_
9. [2016 South Korean political scandal. An interim report by South Korean prosecutors implicates President Park Geun-hye in a political scandal involving her close friend Choi Soon-sil. Three people have been indicted in relation to the scandal. President Park cannot be indicted due to a constitutional provision preventing a sitting President being indicted except for treason or insurrection. ](/news/2016/11/20/2016-south-korean-political-scandal-an-interim-report-by-south-korean-prosecutors-implicates-president-park-geun-hye-in-a-political-scandal.md) _Context: indicted_
10. [Saudi Arabia-United States relations. The United States Congress passes a law allowing families of the victims of the September 11 attacks to sue Saudi Arabia. U.S. president Barack Obama threatens to veto it. ](/news/2016/09/9/saudi-arabia-united-states-relations-the-united-states-congress-passes-a-law-allowing-families-of-the-victims-of-the-september-11-attacks.md) _Context: veto_
