### [2007-05-25](/news/2007/05/25/index.md)

#  A United States Department of Defense report warns of the growing power of the Chinese military. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2007/POLITICS/05/25/china.military/index.html?eref=rss_world)

### Related:

1. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military. Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald.md) _Context: Pentagon officials_
2. [Battle of Marawi. The Pentagon is considering conducting airstrikes in Marawi, which if approved would later put U.S. troops on the ground to battle the ISIS-affiliated Maute group as well as related Islamist terror groups. A spokesperson later denied the claims as well as clarified that the Philippines has yet to make a request. ](/news/2017/08/8/battle-of-marawi-the-pentagon-is-considering-conducting-airstrikes-in-marawi-which-if-approved-would-later-put-u-s-troops-on-the-ground-t.md) _Context: Pentagon officials_
3. [Political appointments of Donald Trump. West Point graduate, billionaire businessman, and philanthropist Vincent Viola withdraws his name from consideration as Secretary of the Army because of Defense Department rules concerning his family businesses. ](/news/2017/02/3/political-appointments-of-donald-trump-west-point-graduate-billionaire-businessman-and-philanthropist-vincent-viola-withdraws-his-name-fr.md) _Context: Pentagon officials_
4. [China-United States relations. The Chinese Defense Ministry says it is in talks with the United States about returning an underwater drone taken Thursday from the South China Sea. The Pentagon says the drone, used for gathering weather and temperature data, is not armed. ](/news/2016/12/17/china-united-states-relations-the-chinese-defense-ministry-says-it-is-in-talks-with-the-united-states-about-returning-an-underwater-drone.md) _Context: Pentagon officials_
5. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. The United States Defense Department reports its Strategic Command systems detected a failed North Korean ballistic missile launch near the city of Kusong in North Pyongan Province. ](/news/2016/10/15/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-the-united-states-defense-department-reports-its-strategic-command-systems-detected-a-failed-no.md) _Context: Pentagon officials_
6. [Yemeni Crisis. The Obama administration through the U.S. Defense Department says it will take appropriate action against those responsible for October 9 unsuccessful cruise missile attack, apparently fired from Houthi-controlled territory in Yemen, upon the USS Mason. ](/news/2016/10/11/yemeni-crisis-the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-defense-department-says-it-will-take-appropriate-action-against-those-responsible-f.md) _Context: Pentagon officials_
7. [A Defense Department audit reveals that the United States Army had manipulated its finances, making $6.5 trillion of improper accounting adjustments in order to balance the books in 2015. ](/news/2016/08/19/a-defense-department-audit-reveals-that-the-united-states-army-had-manipulated-its-finances-making-6-5-trillion-of-improper-accounting-adj.md) _Context: Pentagon officials_
8. [Iraqi Civil War. Military intervention against ISIL. According to The Pentagon, two senior ISIL leaders have been killed by a United States-led coalition airstrike in Mosul. ](/news/2016/07/2/iraqi-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-according-to-the-pentagon-two-senior-isil-leaders-have-been-killed-by-a-united-states.md) _Context: Pentagon officials_
9. [Iraqi Civil War. American-led intervention in Iraq. According to the United States Department of Defense, ISIL fighters killed a Navy SEAL near Erbil. The sailor was assisting Kurdish Peshmerga forces in repelling an attack on the area. The SEAL was later identified as Arizona native Charles Keating IV, the son of Charles Keating III, and the grandson of the convicted noted late financier Charles Keating Jr., who was embroiled in the 1980s savings and loan scandal. ](/news/2016/05/3/iraqi-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-iraq-according-to-the-united-states-department-of-defense-isil-fighters-killed-a-navy-seal-n.md) _Context: Pentagon officials_
10. [Researchers at the United States Department of Defense report, in the journal "Antimicrobial Agents and Chemotherapy", the discovery in the United States of a strain of "E. coli" that includes the new gene MCR-1, which is resistant to colistin, a last-resort antibiotic. ](/news/2016/05/26/researchers-at-the-united-states-department-of-defense-report-in-the-journal-antimicrobial-agents-and-chemotherapy-the-discovery-in-the.md) _Context: Pentagon officials_
