### [2007-05-25](/news/2007/05/25/index.md)

#  Exit polls indicate that Taoiseach Bertie Ahern's Fianna Fil leads in the Irish General Election. 

With all first counts completed, the RTE/Lansdowne Market Research poll, which was first broadcast on Morning Ireland this morning, was extremely close to the final first preference total.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/6690401.stm)
2. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2007/0525/election1.html)

### Related:

1. [Bertie Ahern, the former taoiseach who led the stricken Fianna Fail political party from 1994 until 2008, announces he is to resign from Dail Eireann at the forthcoming general election. ](/news/2010/12/30/bertie-ahern-the-former-taoiseach-who-led-the-stricken-fianna-fa-il-political-party-from-1994-until-2008-announces-he-is-to-resign-from-da.md) _Context: Bertie Ahern, Taoiseach_
2. [ The Irish Taoiseach, Bertie Ahern, officially resigns after ten years, ten months and ten days as head of government. ](/news/2008/05/6/the-irish-taoiseach-bertie-ahern-officially-resigns-after-ten-years-ten-months-and-ten-days-as-head-of-government.md) _Context: Bertie Ahern, Taoiseach_
3. [ Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern announces he will resign on 6 May after 11 years of rule. ](/news/2008/04/2/irish-taoiseach-bertie-ahern-announces-he-will-resign-on-6-may-after-11-years-of-rule.md) _Context: Bertie Ahern, Taoiseach_
4. [ "Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:". Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions.. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister.. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy.. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government.. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-parl.md) _Context: Bertie Ahern, Taoiseach_
5. [ Bertie Ahern of Fianna Fail is elected as Ireland's Taoiseach for a record third term upon the opening of the 30th Dail; the Taoiseach then announces his new cabinet with ministries. ](/news/2007/06/14/bertie-ahern-of-fianna-fa-il-is-elected-as-ireland-s-taoiseach-for-a-record-third-term-upon-the-opening-of-the-30th-da-il-the-taoiseach-th.md) _Context: Bertie Ahern, Taoiseach_
6. [ Fianna Fil performs strongly in the Irish general election, putting it in a strong position to retain government. ](/news/2007/05/26/fianna-fail-performs-strongly-in-the-irish-general-election-putting-it-in-a-strong-position-to-retain-government.md) _Context: Fianna Fail, Irish general election_
7. [ In Ireland the controversy continues over payments by businessmen friends to Taoiseach (Prime Minister) Bertie Ahern in 1993 when he was Minister for Finance; it has come to light that the largest of the payments was drawn on a company cheque. ](/news/2006/09/30/in-ireland-the-controversy-continues-over-payments-by-businessmen-friends-to-taoiseach-prime-minister-bertie-ahern-in-1993-when-he-was-mi.md) _Context: Bertie Ahern, Taoiseach_
8. [ In Dublin, Irish military forces parade for the first time since 1970 in commemoration of the 1916 Easter Rising. Taoiseach Bertie Ahern lays a wreath at Kilmainham Jail, where most of the rebel leaders were subsequently shot, in memory of the civilian and military dead of both sides. ](/news/2006/04/16/in-dublin-irish-military-forces-parade-for-the-first-time-since-1970-in-commemoration-of-the-1916-easter-rising-taoiseach-bertie-ahern-la.md) _Context: Bertie Ahern, Taoiseach_
9. [ Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern has said in the Dil that he believes the British security forces colluded with loyalist paramilitaries in the planning of Belfast solicitor Pat Finucane's murder in 1989. ](/news/2006/03/21/irish-taoiseach-bertie-ahern-has-said-in-the-dail-that-he-believes-the-british-security-forces-colluded-with-loyalist-paramilitaries-in-the.md) _Context: Bertie Ahern, Taoiseach_
10. [ Irish Minister for Justice, Equality and Law Reform Michael McDowell directly accuses Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams as well as Martin McGuinness (both elected MPs) and Martin Ferris TD of being on the IRA Army Council, the first such direct accusation from the Irish Government. Irish Prime Minister Bertie Ahern meanwhile has said he does not know the make-up of the Council. ](/news/2005/02/20/irish-minister-for-justice-equality-and-law-reform-michael-mcdowell-directly-accuses-sinn-fa-c-in-leader-gerry-adams-as-well-as-martin-mcgui.md) _Context: Bertie Ahern, Taoiseach_
