### [2007-05-25](/news/2007/05/25/index.md)

#  Japanese sources tell the Kyodo news agency that North Korea has test-fired several missiles towards the Sea of Japan. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/6690869.stm)

### Related:

1. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-9.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, Sea of Japan_
2. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-acc.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, Sea of Japan_
3. [Japan-North Korea relations: Japan places its military on alert over a possible North Korean ballistic-missile launch after detecting "increased activity" at a North Korean missile site. Japan's Minister of Defense, Gen Nakatani, has ordered Kongo-class destroyers stationed in the Sea of Japan, equipped with Aegis combat systems, to target any North Korean projectiles heading for Japan. ](/news/2016/01/29/japan-north-korea-relations-japan-places-its-military-on-alert-over-a-possible-north-korean-ballistic-missile-launch-after-detecting-inc.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, Sea of Japan_
4. [Japan's Defence Ministry claims that North Korea has fired two ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2014/07/13/japan-s-defence-ministry-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-two-ballistic-missiles-into-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, Sea of Japan_
5. [ North Korea test fires seven more missiles into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2009/07/4/north-korea-test-fires-seven-more-missiles-into-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea, Sea of Japan, fires seven more missiles_
6. [ Japan's Kyodo news agency reports that North Korea has started rebuilding the Yongbyon Nuclear Scientific Research Center in retaliation for the United States failing to remove it from a list of states that sponsor terrorism. ](/news/2008/09/3/japan-s-kyodo-news-agency-reports-that-north-korea-has-started-rebuilding-the-yongbyon-nuclear-scientific-research-center-in-retaliation-fo.md) _Context: Japan, Kyodo, North Korea_
7. [ The United States informs Japan that North Korea may have launched another test missile towards the Sea of Japan. The report is now said to be confirmed. ](/news/2005/05/1/the-united-states-informs-japan-that-north-korea-may-have-launched-another-test-missile-towards-the-sea-of-japan-the-report-is-now-said-to.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea, Sea of Japan_
8. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: 2017 North Korean missile tests: North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-2017-north-korean-missile-tests-north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-tha.md) _Context: Japan, Sea of Japan_
9. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: 2017 North Korean missile tests: U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-2017-north-korean-missile-tests-u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launc.md) _Context: North Korea, Sea of Japan_
10. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-east.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
