### [2007-05-25](/news/2007/05/25/index.md)

#  The IAF carried out an air strike near the residence of Palestinian Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh. The IDF said that the air strike was not targeting the Prime Minister, and was on a structure used by Hamas, located in the Shati refugee camp. Local residents said that an IAF missile hit a vehicle patrolling Haniyeh's home in Gaza, and that the attack wounded one person. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/newsOne/idUSL1731780720070525)

### Related:

1. [ Hamas militants are considering lighter ceasefire terms offered by Fatah, specifically Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. They are giving Israel until May 27 to respond to this agreement, that would only end Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip. Hamas has said, however, that they are not completely committed to their offer. Israeli attack helicopters launch missile strikes on a various facilities, including a security facility near Palestinian Prime Minister Haniyeh's home. At least three people are injured by the air strikes. ](/news/2007/05/26/hamas-militants-are-considering-lighter-ceasefire-terms-offered-by-fatah-specifically-palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-they-are-giving.md) _Context: Hamas, Ismail Haniyeh, Palestinian National Authority, Prime Minister_
2. [Hamas, which is seeking to reconcile with rival Palestinian organizations, elects former Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh its new leader, replacing term-limited Khaled Meshaal. Last week, Hamas dropped its longstanding call for Israel's destruction, and severed ties with the Muslim Brotherhood. ](/news/2017/05/6/hamas-which-is-seeking-to-reconcile-with-rival-palestinian-organizations-elects-former-prime-minister-ismail-haniyeh-its-new-leader-repla.md) _Context: Hamas, Ismail Haniyeh, Prime Minister_
3. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict: An IAF plane fires a missile at house of Hamas lawmaker Khalil al-Haya, killing eight people and wounding many others; Al-Haya was not at his house at the time of the strike. ](/news/2007/05/20/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-an-iaf-plane-fires-a-missile-at-house-of-hamas-lawmaker-khalil-al-haya-killing-eight-people-and-wounding-many-o.md) _Context: 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict, Hamas, Israeli Air Force_
4. [ The Hamas-led Palestinian government has resigned to make way for a new administration. The Palestinian Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh remains as caretaker Prime Minister and will select a new cabinet. ](/news/2007/02/15/the-hamas-led-palestinian-government-has-resigned-to-make-way-for-a-new-administration-the-palestinian-prime-minister-ismail-haniyeh-remai.md) _Context: Hamas, Ismail Haniyeh, Palestinian National Authority_
5. [ Israel strikes an empty office of Palestinian PM Ismail Haniyeh. Two other Hamas operatives are killed in two separate aerial strikes. Israeli defense minister Amir Peretz warns stepping up quality of targets, reiterating the responsibility of Syrian president Bashar Assad for the continued crisis. ](/news/2006/07/2/israel-strikes-an-empty-office-of-palestinian-pm-ismail-haniyeh-two-other-hamas-operatives-are-killed-in-two-separate-aerial-strikes-isra.md) _Context: Hamas, Ismail Haniyeh, Prime Minister_
6. [ Israel's defense minister Shaul Mofaz says that the Hamas PNA prime minister-designate, Ismail Haniyeh, may be subject to an Israeli targeted killing if Hamas resumes attacks against Israel. ](/news/2006/03/7/israel-s-defense-minister-shaul-mofaz-says-that-the-hamas-pna-prime-minister-designate-ismail-haniyeh-may-be-subject-to-an-israeli-target.md) _Context: Hamas, Ismail Haniyeh, Palestinian National Authority_
7. [ Ismail Haniya of Hamas becomes Prime Minister of the Palestinian National Authority, succeeding Ahmed Qurei. ](/news/2006/02/19/ismail-haniya-of-hamas-becomes-prime-minister-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-succeeding-ahmed-qurei.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian National Authority, Prime Minister_
8. [Israeli Air Force planes hit two Hamas targets in Gaza in retaliation for rocket fire from the Palestinian territory. ](/news/2015/12/13/israeli-air-force-planes-hit-two-hamas-targets-in-gaza-in-retaliation-for-rocket-fire-from-the-palestinian-territory.md) _Context: Hamas, Israeli Air Force_
9. [Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation" with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaza-will-fulfil-its-role-in-the-je.md) _Context: Hamas, Ismail Haniyeh_
10. [In retaliation for the rocket fired on the Israeli city of Ashdod, the Israeli Air Force carries out airstrikes on suspected Hamas positions in Gaza. No casualties are reported. ](/news/2015/10/1/in-retaliation-for-the-rocket-fired-on-the-israeli-city-of-ashdod-the-israeli-air-force-carries-out-airstrikes-on-suspected-hamas-positions.md) _Context: Hamas, Israeli Air Force_
