### [2005-07-11](/news/2005/07/11/index.md)

#  According to the United States Department of Labor, Enron agrees to $356.25 million settlement with employees whose retirement plans were ruined. They are likely to receive only 15&ndash;20% of that 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/investing/financeArticle.aspx?type=governmentFilingsNews&storyID=URI:urn:newsml:reuters.com:20050712:MTFH33730_2005-07-12_01-08-59_N11517222:1)
2. [Forbes](http://www.forbes.com/business/feeds/afx/2005/07/11/afx2133002.html)

### Related:

1. [The Obama administration through the United States Department of Labor sues Peter Thiel's Palantir Technologies for alleged discrimination against Asians in its hiring practices. ](/news/2016/09/27/the-obama-administration-through-the-united-states-department-of-labor-sues-peter-thiel-s-palantir-technologies-for-alleged-discrimination-a.md) _Context: United States Department of Labor_
2. [The U.S.  Labor  Department releases a long-awaited rule, the so-called persuader rule that was first proposed in 2011. The regulation requires companies to disclose when they seek advice about countering union campaigns. The final rule will apply to contracts beginning on July 1, 2016. Several business groups, such as the National Retail Federation, the  Associated Builders and Contractors, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce and the National Association of Manufacturers,  object because the rule limits employers' free speech rights to counter union organizing, it could interfere with attorney-client privilege, etc. Court challenges are expected. ](/news/2016/03/23/the-u-s-labor-department-releases-a-long-awaited-rule-the-so-called-persuader-rule-that-was-first-proposed-in-2011-the-regulation-requi.md) _Context: United States Department of Labor_
3. [Four Papa John's Pizza franchise owners agree to a settlement of about $500,000 after admitting to paying employees unfair wages, according to  Thursday's  announcement by New York attorney general Eric Schneiderman and the U.S. Labor Department. Schneiderman has reached settlements with several other Papa John's franchises, including one for over $2 million. Out-of-court settlements have also been reached with other fast-food franchises. ](/news/2015/10/15/four-papa-john-s-pizza-franchise-owners-agree-to-a-settlement-of-about-500-000-after-admitting-to-paying-employees-unfair-wages-according.md) _Context: United States Department of Labor_
4. [Ex-CEO of Enron Jeffrey Skilling is in talks with federal prosecutors to discuss a reduction in his sentence. ](/news/2013/04/4/ex-ceo-of-enron-jeffrey-skilling-is-in-talks-with-federal-prosecutors-to-discuss-a-reduction-in-his-sentence.md) _Context: Enron_
5. [The United States Department of Labor says hiring picked up in October, with 171,000 jobs being added, though the unemployment rate rose 0.1% higher to 7.9%. ](/news/2012/11/2/the-united-states-department-of-labor-says-hiring-picked-up-in-october-with-171-000-jobs-being-added-though-the-unemployment-rate-rose-0-1.md) _Context: United States Department of Labor_
6. [The United States Department of Labor monthly jobs report shows that the US economy added 80,000 jobs in June. ](/news/2012/07/6/the-united-states-department-of-labor-monthly-jobs-report-shows-that-the-us-economy-added-80-000-jobs-in-june.md) _Context: United States Department of Labor_
7. [In the United States, about 350,000 people filed for unemployment benefits, hitting a four-year low, according to the United States Labor Department. ](/news/2012/03/22/in-the-united-states-about-350-000-people-filed-for-unemployment-benefits-hitting-a-four-year-low-according-to-the-united-states-labor-de.md) _Context: United States Department of Labor_
8. [Danny Alexander, the Chief Secretary to the Treasury of the United Kingdom, announces that the retirement age for British civil servants will be increased to 66, with the exception of the police, armed forces and fire service. ](/news/2011/06/17/danny-alexander-the-chief-secretary-to-the-treasury-of-the-united-kingdom-announces-that-the-retirement-age-for-british-civil-servants-wil.md) _Context: retirement_
9. [Jeff Skilling, former CEO of Enron, loses his appeal against his conviction for fraud in the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit. ](/news/2011/04/6/jeff-skilling-former-ceo-of-enron-loses-his-appeal-against-his-conviction-for-fraud-in-the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-fifth-ci.md) _Context: Enron_
10. [A Chinese survey shows that 91 percent of the population oppose raising retirement age. The retirement age in China is generally set at 60 for men and 50-55 for women. ](/news/2010/09/15/a-chinese-survey-shows-that-91-percent-of-the-population-oppose-raising-retirement-age-the-retirement-age-in-china-is-generally-set-at-60-f.md) _Context: retirement_
