### [2005-08-17](/news/2005/08/17/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: An Israeli settler kills 3 Palestinian civilians in the West Bank.  The attack was condemned by Ariel Sharon as a "Jewish Terror act" and "twisted thinking" while Hamas claimed the right to avenge the deaths. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4160768.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.co.uk/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=worldNews&storyID=2005-08-17T184351Z_01_MCC752278_RTRUKOC_0_UK-MIDEAST-SHOOTING.xml)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:  Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220914.stm (BBC)] [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/621804.html (Haaretz)] The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220300.stm (BBC)], [http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)] The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the "internal conflict" at the Likud party. ([http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as.md) _Context: Israeli settlement, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian, West Bank_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: The Israeli Defense Force launches Operation First Rain, a series of air strikes on Palestinian targets in the Gaza Strip, including an alleged Hamas weapons factory and a children's school. According to Israel the operation's goal is to stop shelling of southern Israeli towns and villages by Palestinian militants, though several civilians have been injured, including an infant. At least 200 Palestinians have been arrested in overnight IDF raids in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-the-israeli-defense-force-launches-operation-first-rain-a-series-of-air-strikes-on-palestinian-targets-in-t.md) _Context: Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian, West Bank_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:  Israel freezes the handover of West Bank Palestinian towns to the Palestinian Authority. Israel claims they will resume the handover process when militant groups are disarmed. The Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, had agreed to hand over five West Bank towns to Palestinian control, but thus far has only handed over Tulkarm and Jericho. ](/news/2005/05/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-israel-freezes-the-handover-of-west-bank-palestinian-towns-to-the-palestinian-authority-israel-claims-they.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian, West Bank_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A truce is declared between Israel and the Palestinian Authority.  Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, and Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel,  shook hands at a four-way summit at Sharm el-Sheikh that was also attended by Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Jordan's King Abdullah.  Palestinian organization Hamas says it is not bound by the ceasefire.  ](/news/2005/02/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-truce-is-declared-between-israel-and-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palest.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
5. [Palestinian rioters set fire to the building containing Joseph's Tomb in the West Bank city of Nablus causing heavy damage to the structure before the fire is put out. Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemns the attack. ](/news/2015/10/16/palestinian-rioters-set-fire-to-the-building-containing-joseph-s-tomb-in-the-west-bank-city-of-nablus-causing-heavy-damage-to-the-structure.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian, West Bank_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Israel cancels proposed plans to build new settlements in the West Bank after US and Palestinian opposition. ](/news/2013/11/13/israeli-palestinian-conflict-pisrael-cancels-proposed-plans-to-build-new-settlements-in-the-west-bank-after-us-and-palestinian-opposition.md) _Context: Israeli settlement, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
7. [Israeli troops round up five men and kill a 67-year-old Palestinian man during an operation into the West Bank, aiming at arresting members of Hamas. ](/news/2011/01/7/israeli-troops-round-up-five-men-and-kill-a-67-year-old-palestinian-man-during-an-operation-into-the-west-bank-aiming-at-arresting-members.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian, West Bank_
8. [The Israeli military disciplines four officers involved in two clashes with West Bank protesters in which four Palestinian civilians were killed. ](/news/2010/04/27/the-israeli-military-disciplines-four-officers-involved-in-two-clashes-with-west-bank-protesters-in-which-four-palestinian-civilians-were-ki.md) _Context: Palestinian, West Bank, civilians_
9. [  Israeli troops have detained another Hamas member of Palestinian Parliament during an overnight raid in the West Bank. ](/news/2006/08/7/israeli-troops-have-detained-another-hamas-member-of-palestinian-parliament-during-an-overnight-raid-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): About 1500 of Palestinian people cross the Gaza-Egypt border after Palestinian militants attack Egyptian policemen stationed at Rafah border terminal, blowing a hole in the wall near it. ](/news/2006/07/14/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-about-1500-of-palestinian-people-cross-the-gaza-egypt-border-after-palestinian-mili.md) _Context: Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
