### [2005-08-17](/news/2005/08/17/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: An Israeli settler kills 3 Palestinian civilians in the West Bank. The attack was condemned by Ariel Sharon as a "Jewish Terror act" and "twisted thinking" while Hamas claimed the right to avenge the deaths. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4160768.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.co.uk/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=worldNews&storyID=2005-08-17T184351Z_01_MCC752278_RTRUKOC_0_UK-MIDEAST-SHOOTING.xml)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A truce is declared between Israel and the Palestinian Authority. Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, and Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel, shook hands at a four-way summit at Sharm el-Sheikh that was also attended by Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Jordan's King Abdullah. Palestinian organization Hamas says it is not bound by the ceasefire. ](/news/2005/02/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-truce-is-declared-between-israel-and-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palesti.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A Palestinian gunman enters a home in Negohot (an Israeli settlement in the West Bank, near Hebron), murders 7-month-old Shaked Avraham and 27-year-old Eyal Yeberbaum, and injures both of the baby girl's parents as they were celebrating the Jewish New Year. The shooter was later killed by Israeli security forces. The Palestinian Islamic Jihad claimed responsibility for the attack.](/news/2003/09/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-gunman-enters-a-home-in-negohot-an-israeli-settlement-in-the-west-bank-near-hebron-murders.md) _Context: Israeli settlement, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian, West Bank_
3. [Palestinian rioters set fire to the building containing Joseph's Tomb in the West Bank city of Nablus causing heavy damage to the structure before the fire is put out. Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemns the attack. ](/news/2015/10/16/palestinian-rioters-set-fire-to-the-building-containing-joseph-s-tomb-in-the-west-bank-city-of-nablus-causing-heavy-damage-to-the-structure.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian, West Bank_
4. [Israeli troops round up five men and kill a 67-year-old Palestinian man during an operation into the West Bank, aiming at arresting members of Hamas. ](/news/2011/01/7/israeli-troops-round-up-five-men-and-kill-a-67-year-old-palestinian-man-during-an-operation-into-the-west-bank-aiming-at-arresting-members.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian, West Bank_
5. [The Israeli military disciplines four officers involved in two clashes with West Bank protesters in which four Palestinian civilians were killed. ](/news/2010/04/27/the-israeli-military-disciplines-four-officers-involved-in-two-clashes-with-west-bank-protesters-in-which-four-palestinian-civilians-were-ki.md) _Context: Palestinian, West Bank, civilians_
6. [ Israeli troops have detained another Hamas member of Palestinian Parliament during an overnight raid in the West Bank. ](/news/2006/08/7/israeli-troops-have-detained-another-hamas-member-of-palestinian-parliament-during-an-overnight-raid-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A Palestinian stone thrower is shot in the head and killed by Israeli troops raiding the West Bank city of Nablus. At least ten other Palestinians were injured by the IDF troops while two Israeli soldiers were injured by a bomb during the raid. ](/news/2005/12/13/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-stone-thrower-is-shot-in-the-head-and-killed-by-israeli-troops-raiding-the-west-bank-city-of-na.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian, West Bank_
8. [ Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220914.stm (BBC)] [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/621804.html (Haaretz)] The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220300.stm (BBC)], [http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)] The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the "internal conflict" at the Likud party. ([http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as-he-and-about-50-others-breach-a.md) _Context: Israeli settlement, Palestinian, West Bank_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue. IDF planes and artillery strike Gaza knocking out power to parts of the city, destroy a bridge in Beit Hanoun, fire missiles at a Fatah Youth Centre, an office and a refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip. Israeli troops later raided offices of Hamas and Islamic Jihad in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-idf-planes-and-artillery-strike-gaza-knocking-out-power-to.md) _Context: Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
10. [ The Israeli Defense Force launches Operation First Rain, a series of air strikes on Palestinian targets in the Gaza Strip, including an alleged Hamas weapons factory and a children's school. According to Israel the operation's goal is to stop shelling of southern Israeli towns and villages by Palestinian militants, though several civilians have been injured, including an infant. At least 200 Palestinians have been arrested in overnight IDF raids in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/25/the-israeli-defense-force-launches-operation-first-rain-a-series-of-air-strikes-on-palestinian-targets-in-the-gaza-strip-including-an-all.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian, West Bank_
