### [2005-08-17](/news/2005/08/17/index.md)

#  The first actual pullout of settlers in the Gaza Strip, as part of the Israel unilateral disengagement plan, has started. 

Angry Israeli gunman kills three Palestinians; Hamas says it wants to see withdrawal proceed.


### Source:

1. [FOXNews](http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,165951,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ Israel completes the unilateral disengagement from all settlements in the Gaza Strip and four in the West Bank. [http://olympics.reuters.com/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=2005-08-23T153244Z_01_MOL349068_RTRIDST_0_NEWS-MIDEAST-DC.XML (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 21:38, 14 January 2007 (UTC)), [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4177364.stm (BBC)], [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/616333.html (Haaretz)] (Link dead as of 21:38, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/08/23/israel-completes-the-unilateral-disengagement-from-all-settlements-in-the-gaza-strip-and-four-in-the-west-bank-http-olympics-reuters-co.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli settlement, unilateral disengagement_
2. [ Israeli troops forcibly remove Zionist Jews opposed to Ariel Sharon's unilateral disengagement plan one by one from their strongholds in the synagogues in the Israeli settlements on the Gaza Strip. Some of the protesters threw paint, rocks and acid at the soldiers. ](/news/2005/08/18/israeli-troops-forcibly-remove-zionist-jews-opposed-to-ariel-sharon-s-unilateral-disengagement-plan-one-by-one-from-their-strongholds-in-th.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli settlement, unilateral disengagement_
3. [ Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220914.stm (BBC)] [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/621804.html (Haaretz)] The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220300.stm (BBC)], [http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)] The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the "internal conflict" at the Likud party. ([http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as-he-and-about-50-others-breach-a.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli settlement_
4. [ Hamas hold a huge prayer rally in the now abandoned Israeli settlements in the Gaza Strip, leading thousands of Palestinian Muslims in Friday Prayers (Salat ul Jum'a). ](/news/2005/09/16/hamas-hold-a-huge-prayer-rally-in-the-now-abandoned-israeli-settlements-in-the-gaza-strip-leading-thousands-of-palestinian-muslims-in-frid.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli settlement_
5. [ Israel orders Israeli settlers on the Gaza Strip to leave their settlements or face eviction. ](/news/2005/08/9/israel-orders-israeli-settlers-on-the-gaza-strip-to-leave-their-settlements-or-face-eviction.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli settlement_
6. [ Israeli forces enter the last remaining Israeli settlement in the Gaza Strip to remove the settlers from Netzarim, a religious farming community of about 500, completing the evacuation of all the enclaves. Four small militant settlements on the West Bank will also be cleared, with 5,500 troops heading there to begin evictions on Tuesday. ](/news/2005/08/22/israeli-forces-enter-the-last-remaining-israeli-settlement-in-the-gaza-strip-to-remove-the-settlers-from-netzarim-a-religious-farming-comm.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli settlement_
7. [ Anti-disengagement protesters rally in Sderot. The organizers said the crowd numbered 50,000, but police estimated the figure between 10,000 and 15,000. Some 18,000 troops and 12,000 police are involved in preventing protesters from getting to the Gush Katif Israeli settlement on the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/08/2/anti-disengagement-protesters-rally-in-sderot-the-organizers-said-the-crowd-numbered-50-000-but-police-estimated-the-figure-between-10-00.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli settlement_
8. [ Israel begins the Gaza Strip pullout plan. The Kissufim Roadblock was shut down at midnight between August 14 and August 15. Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas hailed the move as "historic" but said Israel should also pull out of the West Bank. ](/news/2005/08/15/israel-begins-the-gaza-strip-pullout-plan-the-kissufim-roadblock-was-shut-down-at-midnight-between-august-14-and-august-15-palestinian-le.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, unilateral disengagement_
9. [ Tens of thousands of Israelis have converged on Tel Aviv to protest the proposed removal of Israeli settlements from the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/08/11/tens-of-thousands-of-israelis-have-converged-on-tel-aviv-to-protest-the-proposed-removal-of-israeli-settlements-from-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli settlement_
10. [ BBC News has been told, by the activist settler Noam Livnat, that 20,000 Israeli soldiers had signed a petition vowing to block any attempt at removing Israeli settlements from the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/07/29/bbc-news-has-been-told-by-the-activist-settler-noam-livnat-that-20-000-israeli-soldiers-had-signed-a-petition-vowing-to-block-any-attempt.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israeli settlement_
