### [2005-08-17](/news/2005/08/17/index.md)

#  The governors of the U.S. states of New Mexico and Arizona declare an emergency along their borders with Mexico citing recent violence, and inaction in both the US government and the Mexican government. [http://www.nytimes.com/2005/08/17/national/17border.html (NY Times)], [http://www.azcentral.com/arizonarepublic/news/articles/0816borderemergency16.html (Arizona Republic)], [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/news/2005/08/17/wmexi17.xml&sSheet=/news/2005/08/17/ixworld.html (UK Telegraph)].




### Related:

1. [The Federal government of the United States files a lawsuit against the U.S. state of Arizona in its bid to overturn its controversial immigration law. ](/news/2010/07/6/the-federal-government-of-the-united-states-files-a-lawsuit-against-the-u-s-state-of-arizona-in-its-bid-to-overturn-its-controversial-immig.md) _Context: Arizona, United States, state_
2. [Glen Casada, a top Republican Tennessee lawmaker who is the chair of the state's House Republican Caucus, suggests activating the Tennessee National Guard to 'round up' Syrian refugees and remove them from the southeastern state, saying "Tennessee is a sovereign state, if the federal government is forsaking the obligation to protect our citizens, we need to act". ](/news/2015/11/18/glen-casada-a-top-republican-tennessee-lawmaker-who-is-the-chair-of-the-stateas-house-republican-caucus-suggests-activating-the-tennesse.md) _Context: United States, state_
3. [Health authorities in the United States say that 53 people in nine states have been sickened in a salmonella outbreak. California is the worst affected state with 31 cases with the other states with cases include Arizona, Illinois, Mississippi, New Mexico, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. ](/news/2015/05/21/health-authorities-in-the-united-states-say-that-53-people-in-nine-states-have-been-sickened-in-a-salmonella-outbreak-california-is-the-wor.md) _Context: Arizona, New Mexico_
4. [Same-sex marriage is legalized in the U.S. state of New Mexico. ](/news/2013/12/19/same-sex-marriage-is-legalized-in-the-u-s-state-of-new-mexico.md) _Context: New Mexico, state_
5. [Virgin Group chairman Richard Branson opens the world's first commercial spaceport, Spaceport America, in the U.S. state of New Mexico. The SpaceShipTwo spaceplane is expected to begin commercial flights from the spaceport by 2013. ](/news/2011/10/17/virgin-group-chairman-richard-branson-opens-the-world-s-first-commercial-spaceport-spaceport-america-in-the-u-s-state-of-new-mexico-the.md) _Context: New Mexico, state_
6. [A blackout in southern California, Arizona and Baja California in Mexico caused by the loss of the entire San Diego Gas & Electric system leads to the closure of San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station and the loss of power to more than two million people. ](/news/2011/09/8/a-blackout-in-southern-california-arizona-and-baja-california-in-mexico-caused-by-the-loss-of-the-entire-san-diego-gas-electric-system-le.md) _Context: Arizona, Mexico_
7. [The Governor of the U.S. state of Arizona calls a recall election for state Senate President Russell Pearce known for his immigration legislation. ](/news/2011/07/12/the-governor-of-the-u-s-state-of-arizona-calls-a-recall-election-for-state-senate-president-russell-pearce-known-for-his-immigration-legisl.md) _Context: Arizona, state_
8. [A wildfire worsens near major U.S. nuclear weapons research lab Los Alamos National Laboratory in the U.S. state of New Mexico; residents express concern about contamination. ](/news/2011/06/29/a-wildfire-worsens-near-major-u-s-nuclear-weapons-research-lab-los-alamos-national-laboratory-in-the-u-s-state-of-new-mexico-residents-ex.md) _Context: New Mexico, state_
9. [Las Conchas WildfireThe Los Alamos National Laboratory in the U.S. state of New Mexico is temporarily closed due to a wildfire burning nearby. ](/news/2011/06/27/las-conchas-wildfirepthe-los-alamos-national-laboratory-in-the-u-s-state-of-new-mexico-is-temporarily-closed-due-to-a-wildfire-burning-near.md) _Context: New Mexico, state_
10. [Residents of Greer, a small town in the U.S. state of Arizona, are allowed to return home after the Wallow Fire is slowly brought under control. ](/news/2011/06/20/residents-of-greer-a-small-town-in-the-u-s-state-of-arizona-are-allowed-to-return-home-after-the-wallow-fire-is-slowly-brought-under-cont.md) _Context: Arizona, state_
