### [2011-08-18](/news/2011/08/18/index.md)

# An Australian Broadcasting Corporation helicopter goes missing near Lake Eyre in outback South Australia with journalist Paul Lockyer, pilot Gary Ticehurst and cameraman John Bean feared dead. 




### Source:

1. [AAP via ''Melbourne Herald Sun](http://www.heraldsun.com.au/news/breaking-news/abc-journalist-paul-lockyer-great-storyteller-true-gent/story-e6frf7jx-1226118021867)

### Related:

1. [Renewable energy in Australia. South Australia finalizes a deal with Tesla, spearheaded by tweets originating from CEO of Tesla Elon Musk, to install a battery system in the state. Tesla said in a statement that upon completion by December 2017, the system would be the largest lithium-ion battery storage project in the world, overtaking an 80 megawatt-hour power station at Mira Loma in California also built using Tesla batteries. ](/news/2017/07/7/renewable-energy-in-australia-south-australia-finalizes-a-deal-with-tesla-spearheaded-by-tweets-originating-from-ceo-of-tesla-elon-musk-t.md) _Context: South Australia_
2. [The state of South Australia suffers widespread blackouts triggered by severe weather conditions. ](/news/2016/09/28/the-state-of-south-australia-suffers-widespread-blackouts-triggered-by-severe-weather-conditions.md) _Context: South Australia_
3. [Australian mining and materials company Arrium goes into voluntary administration with 7,000 jobs under threat in Australia, including 1,000 at the Whyalla Steelworks in South Australia. ](/news/2016/04/7/australian-mining-and-materials-company-arrium-goes-into-voluntary-administration-with-7-000-jobs-under-threat-in-australia-including-1-000.md) _Context: South Australia_
4. [Status of press freedom worldwide. Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop says the government is very concerned about Saturday's arrest and detention of two Australian Broadcasting Corporation journalists who attempted to interview Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak. The pair, who are in Malaysia to investigate allegations of corruption and bribery involving the prime minister, were detained by Malaysian police for six hours, and told not to leave the country. ](/news/2016/03/14/status-of-press-freedom-worldwide-australian-foreign-minister-julie-bishop-says-the-government-is-very-concerned-about-saturday-s-arrest-an.md) _Context: Australian Broadcasting Corporation_
5. [2015-16 Australian bushfire season. A bushfire burns out of control near the South Australian town of Wasleys with authorities warning of significant risk to lives and property. Two deaths have been confirmed with another person feared dead. ](/news/2015/11/25/2015-16-australian-bushfire-season-a-bushfire-burns-out-of-control-near-the-south-australian-town-of-wasleys-with-authorities-warning-of.md) _Context: South Australia_
6. [Voters in the Australian states of Tasmania and South Australia go to the polls for state elections. The Liberal Party led by Will Hodgman have won government in the Tasmanian election while the South Australian election is too close to call. ](/news/2014/03/15/voters-in-the-australian-states-of-tasmania-and-south-australia-go-to-the-polls-for-state-elections-the-liberal-party-led-by-will-hodgman-h.md) _Context: South Australia_
7. [Isobel Redmond resigns as the Leader of the Opposition in the Australian state of South Australia. ](/news/2013/01/31/isobel-redmond-resigns-as-the-leader-of-the-opposition-in-the-australian-state-of-south-australia.md) _Context: South Australia_
8. [Mike Rann, the Premier of the Australian state of South Australia, announces that he will be resigning on October 20 to be replaced by Education Minister Jay Weatherill. ](/news/2011/08/8/mike-rann-the-premier-of-the-australian-state-of-south-australia-announces-that-he-will-be-resigning-on-october-20-to-be-replaced-by-educa.md) _Context: South Australia_
9. [A team of Australian and British geologists claim to have the found the world's oldest fossils in the Strelley Pool rock formation in the outback of the Australian state of Western Australia. According to the Monday, August 22 Huffington Post online video and short article about them ](/news/2011/08/21/a-team-of-australian-and-british-geologists-claim-to-have-the-found-the-world-s-oldest-fossils-in-the-strelley-pool-rock-formation-in-the-ou.md) _Context: outback_
10. [The Australian Broadcasting Corporation reports that the son of the acting Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea Sam Abal has been arrested on murder charges. ](/news/2011/06/15/the-australian-broadcasting-corporation-reports-that-the-son-of-the-acting-prime-minister-of-papua-new-guinea-sam-abal-has-been-arrested-on.md) _Context: Australian Broadcasting Corporation_
