### [2009-10-30](/news/2009/10/30/index.md)

#  Former French President Jacques Chirac is ordered to stand trial on corruption charges. 




### Source:

1. [Deutsche Welle](http://www.dw-world.de/dw/article/0,,4840140,00.html)
2. [France 24](http://www.france24.com/en/20091030-court-action-chirac-justice-france-fraud-paris-major-public-rpr?autoplay=)

### Related:

1. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: France, Jacques Chirac, President of France_
2. [ In France, the Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin resigns following the country's rejection of the Treaty establishing a Constitution for Europe. In an expected move, President Jacques Chirac appoints Interior Minister Dominique de Villepin to succeed him. ](/news/2005/05/31/in-france-the-prime-minister-jean-pierre-raffarin-resigns-following-the-country-s-rejection-of-the-treaty-establishing-a-constitution-for.md) _Context: France, Jacques Chirac, President of France_
3. [Voters in France return to the polls for a run-off, to elect either Emmanuel Macron or Marine Le Pen as the new President of France. Final opinion polls continue to predict that the centrist Macron will defeat the far-right Le Pen. ](/news/2017/05/7/voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-for-a-run-off-to-elect-either-emmanuel-macron-or-marine-le-pen-as-the-new-president-of-france-final-o.md) _Context: France, President of France_
4. [Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy resigns as leader of The Republicans party and announces his candidacy for President again. ](/news/2016/07/3/former-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-resigns-as-leader-of-the-republicans-party-and-announces-his-candidacy-for-president-again.md) _Context: France, President of France_
5. [France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-resolution-to-lift-european-union-sanctions-against-russia-applied-after-russia-s-a.md) _Context: France, President of France_
6. [Christiane Taubira, differing with President Francois Hollande concerning  pending terrorist/citizenship legislation, resigns as the Minister of Justice in France. ](/news/2016/01/27/christiane-taubira-differing-with-president-franassois-hollande-concerning-pending-terrorist-citizenship-legislation-resigns-as-the-minist.md) _Context: France, President of France_
7. [With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country's 13  regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's  party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-win-in-six-of-the-countryas-13-r.md) _Context: France, President of France_
8. [Voters in France go to the polls for local government elections with initial polling suggesting favorable results for former President Nicolas Sarkozy's UMP. ](/news/2015/03/29/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-local-government-elections-with-initial-polling-suggesting-favorable-results-for-former-president-nicol.md) _Context: France, President of France_
9. [French actresses Marion Cotillard and Melanie Laurent, and French President Francois Hollande begin their two-day state visit to the Philippines, where they are to discuss climate change. ](/news/2015/02/26/french-actresses-marion-cotillard-and-ma-c-lanie-laurent-and-french-president-franassois-hollande-begin-their-two-day-state-visit-to-the-phili.md) _Context: France, President of France_
10. [France's top football clubs announce plans for a strike in Ligue 1 and Ligue 2 at the end of November in protest at the President Franois Hollande's 75% supertax proposal. ](/news/2013/10/24/france-s-top-football-clubs-announce-plans-for-a-strike-in-ligue-1-and-ligue-2-at-the-end-of-november-in-protest-at-the-president-francois-h.md) _Context: France, President of France_
