### [2009-10-30](/news/2009/10/30/index.md)

#  Taiwan's President Ma Ying-jeou calls on China to remove missiles targeting the island. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Taiwan International](http://english.rti.org.tw/Content/GetSingleNews.aspx?ContentID=89376)
2. [Straits Times](http://www.straitstimes.com/Breaking%2BNews/Asia/Story/STIStory_448343.html)

### Related:

1. [The People's Republic of China lodges a complaint with the United States after President-elect of the United States Donald Trump speaks with President of Taiwan Tsai Ing-wen. The PRC and the United States view Taiwan as a breakaway province. ](/news/2016/12/3/the-people-s-republic-of-china-lodges-a-complaint-with-the-united-states-after-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-speaks-with.md) _Context: China, President, the Republic of China_
2. [China says Chinese passengers flying from the Chinese cities of Nanchang, Kunming, and Chongqing, will be allowed to stop at Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport before flying to a third destination. Taiwan President Ma Ying-jeou applauded this step toward normalizing relations between the two states. Taiwan's opposition party expressed concern that Beijing is trying to interfere with the country's January 16, 2016, presidential and legislative elections. ](/news/2016/01/5/china-says-chinese-passengers-flying-from-the-chinese-cities-of-nanchang-kunming-and-chongqing-will-be-allowed-to-stop-at-taiwan-taoyuan.md) _Context: Ma Ying-jeou, President, the Republic of China_
3. [The President of Taiwan Ma Ying-jeou visits Taiping Island, Taiwan's largest island in the South China Sea, despite the United States warning it could provoke diplomatic tensions with the People's Republic of China and other nations in the area. ](/news/2016/01/28/the-president-of-taiwan-ma-ying-jeou-visits-taiping-island-taiwan-s-largest-island-in-the-south-china-sea-despite-the-united-states-warnin.md) _Context: China, Ma Ying-jeou, the Republic of China_
4. [ A Taiwanese court clears Ma Ying-jeou, the Kuomintang Party candidate for President of the Republic of China, of charges of corruption dating from when he was the mayor of Taipei. ](/news/2007/08/14/a-taiwanese-court-clears-ma-ying-jeou-the-kuomintang-party-candidate-for-president-of-the-republic-of-china-of-charges-of-corruption-dati.md) _Context: Ma Ying-jeou, President, the Republic of China_
5. [ Four state-owned enterprises of the Republic of China (Taiwan)--Chunghwa Post, the Chinese Petroleum Corporation, the China Shipbuilding Corporation, and the Central Bank of China--change their names to remove "China" from their titles at the request of President Chen Shui-bian. The decision is condemned by the Pan-Blue Coalition, the United States and People's Republic of China as a move towards Taiwan independence. ](/news/2007/02/12/four-state-owned-enterprises-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-achunghwa-post-the-chinese-petroleum-corporation-the-china-shipbuilding-c.md) _Context: China, President, the Republic of China_
6. [ The PRC objects to former US President Bill Clinton's plan to visit Taiwan and meet with the ROC President Chen Shui-bian. ](/news/2005/02/24/the-prc-objects-to-former-us-president-bill-clinton-s-plan-to-visit-taiwan-and-meet-with-the-roc-president-chen-shui-bian.md) _Context: China, President, the Republic of China_
7. [ President Chen Shui-bian says that the hundreds of missiles the People's Republic of China has aimed at Taiwan justifies holding a referendum on independence. The referendum bill recently passed by the Legislative Yuan only allows votes on sovereignty if the country is attacked by a foreign power. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/3252246.stm]](/news/2003/12/1/president-chen-shui-bian-says-that-the-hundreds-of-missiles-the-people-s-republic-of-china-has-aimed-at-taiwan-justifies-holding-a-referend.md) _Context: China, President, the Republic of China_
8. [Tainan Mayor William Lai Ching-te is appointed as the new Premier by the President of the Republic of China Tsai Ing-wen. ](/news/2017/09/5/tainan-mayor-william-lai-ching-te-is-appointed-as-the-new-premier-by-the-president-of-the-republic-of-china-tsai-ing-wen.md) _Context: President, the Republic of China_
9. [A spokesman for the Taiwan Affairs Office of People's Republic of China says Taiwan is barred from observing this year's World Health Assembly because current President Tsai Ing-wen has not endorsed the Beijing view that both sides belong to a single China under the One-China policy; the spokesman further said that the health of people in Taiwan is not being put at risk by Taiwan's inability to attend. ](/news/2017/05/10/a-spokesman-for-the-taiwan-affairs-office-of-people-s-republic-of-china-says-taiwan-is-barred-from-observing-this-yearas-world-health-asse.md) _Context: China, the Republic of China_
10. [United States President-elect Donald Trump holds a telephone conversation with Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen, the first known contact between a U.S. president or president-elect with a Taiwanese leader since the United States recognized the People's Republic of China in 1979. ](/news/2016/12/2/united-states-president-elect-donald-trump-holds-a-telephone-conversation-with-taiwanese-president-tsai-ing-wen-the-first-known-contact-bet.md) _Context: China, President_
