### [2005-01-11](/news/2005/01/11/index.md)

#  Italian motorcyclist Fabrizio Meoni is the second competitor to die in as many days in the 2005 Paris Dakar Rally. 




### Source:

1. [TSN](http://www.tsn.ca/auto_racing/news_Story.asp?ID=110834)

### Related:

1. [Four sisters are burned by motorcyclists throwing acid in India's Uttar Pradesh province. ](/news/2013/04/3/four-sisters-are-burned-by-motorcyclists-throwing-acid-in-india-s-uttar-pradesh-province.md) _Context: motorcyclist_
2. [ U.S. District Judge Royce Lamberth rules that Mohammad Munaf, a United States citizen, can be transferred to Iraqi authorities to face a death sentence over the kidnapping of three Romanian journalists in 2005 around Baghdad. ](/news/2006/10/19/u-s-district-judge-royce-lamberth-rules-that-mohammad-munaf-a-united-states-citizen-can-be-transferred-to-iraqi-authorities-to-face-a-de.md) _Context: 2005_
3. [ In the 2005 Burkina Faso presidential elections incumbent Blaise Compaor celebrates victory several days ahead of the release of the voting results. International watchdogs and opposition officials allege widespread vote rigging. ](/news/2005/11/16/in-the-2005-burkina-faso-presidential-elections-incumbent-blaise-compaore-celebrates-victory-several-days-ahead-of-the-release-of-the-votin.md) _Context: 2005_
4. [ In Stockholm, it is announced that British playwright Harold Pinter is the 2005 winner of the Nobel Prize for Literature. ](/news/2005/10/13/in-stockholm-it-is-announced-that-british-playwright-harold-pinter-is-the-2005-winner-of-the-nobel-prize-for-literature.md) _Context: 2005_
5. [ The Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, survives a major leadership challenge within the Likud Party. The proposal, which would have ordered the next Party Leader election be held in October 2005 rather than April 2006, is voted down by the party's Central Committee, 48% to 52%. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20050927/ap_on_re_mi_ea/israel_palestinians;_ylt=AqUsWHAysiaRl2IWDnsIPX6s0NUE;_ylu=X3oDMTA3b2NibDltBHNlYwM3MTY- (Yahoo!News)] (Link dead as of 22:31, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/09/27/the-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-survives-a-major-leadership-challenge-within-the-likud-party-the-proposal-which-would-have-or.md) _Context: 2005_
6. [ Chinese railroad workers in Tibet laid rail tracks on the Tanggula Mountain Pass in the Tanggula Mountains in Tibet at 5,072 m (16,640 ft) above sea level, surpassing the altitude of the highest Peruvian railway by 255 m (837 ft). This section of the Qinghai-Tibet Railway is now the highest railway in the world. The railway also includes the highest railway station in the world at Lhasa, 5,068 m (16,627 ft) above sea level. The railway is expected to open later in 2005. ](/news/2005/08/24/chinese-railroad-workers-in-tibet-laid-rail-tracks-on-the-tanggula-mountain-pass-in-the-tanggula-mountains-in-tibet-at-5-072-m-16-640-ft.md) _Context: 2005_
7. [ Kansas City Southern Railway names Francisco Javier Rin as the new CEO, succeeding interim CEO Vicente Corta Fernandez, for its subsidiary Grupo Transportacin Ferroviaria Mexicana. Before joining TFM, Rin was president of Bombardier's Rail Control Solutions Division in London, England, from 2001 to 2005, president and managing director of Bombardier's Mexican division from 1995 to 2001, and general director of Dina Autobuses/Consorcin-Grupo Dina from 1991 to 1995. ](/news/2005/07/5/kansas-city-southern-railway-names-francisco-javier-rion-as-the-new-ceo-succeeding-interim-ceo-vicente-corta-fernandez-for-its-subsidiary.md) _Context: 2005_
8. [ The Kremlin has called for an inquiry into fighting that took place on June 4, 2005, between Chechens and Avars. Russian president Vladimir Putin threatens that if any future incidents take place, "the North Caucasus will burn." ](/news/2005/06/26/the-kremlin-has-called-for-an-inquiry-into-fighting-that-took-place-on-june-4-2005-between-chechens-and-avars-russian-president-vladimir.md) _Context: 2005_
9. [ Swedish diplomat Jan Eliasson is unanimously elected President of the United Nations General Assembly. He will take over the presidency on September 20, 2005. ](/news/2005/06/13/swedish-diplomat-jan-eliasson-is-unanimously-elected-president-of-the-united-nations-general-assembly-he-will-take-over-the-presidency-on.md) _Context: 2005_
10. [ The popular Battlefield 2 Demo was released to the public as a preview to the full version of the game Battlefield 2 launched on June 21, 2005.](/news/2005/06/10/the-popular-battlefield-2-demo-was-released-to-the-public-as-a-preview-to-the-full-version-of-the-game-battlefield-2-launched-on-june-21-2.md) _Context: 2005_
