### [2014-11-22](/news/2014/11/22/index.md)

# In football, Argentinian Lionel Messi of FC Barcelona sets a new goal scoring record in La Liga of 253 goals. 

BARCELONA (Reuters) - Barcelona forward Lionel Messi set a La Liga scoring record of 253 goals when he grabbed a hat-trick in Saturday&#039;s 5-1 win at home to Sevilla.


### Source:

1. [Reuters via SBS](http://www.sbs.com.au/news/article/2014/11/23/messi-breaks-la-ligas-record-253-goals)

### Related:

1. [In football, FC Barcelona wins La Liga for the 24th time. It is FC Barcelona's second straight title and sixth in the last eight years. ](/news/2016/05/14/in-football-fc-barcelona-wins-la-liga-for-the-24th-time-it-is-fc-barcelona-s-second-straight-title-and-sixth-in-the-last-eight-years.md) _Context: FC Barcelona, La Liga, association football_
2. [In association football, Lionel Messi of FC Barcelona and Argentina wins the 2015 FIFA Ballon d'Or, for his fifth time. Barca manager Luis Enrique is named FIFA World Coach of the Year for Men's Football. Carli Lloyd of the Houston Dash and the USA is named FIFA Women's World Player of the Year, and USA coach Jill Ellis is named FIFA World Coach of the Year for Women's Football. ](/news/2016/01/11/in-association-football-lionel-messi-of-fc-barcelona-and-argentina-wins-the-2015-fifa-ballon-d-or-for-his-fifth-time-barassa-manager-luis.md) _Context: FC Barcelona, Lionel Messi, association football_
3. [Days after his hat-trick broke the Primera Division's 59-year goal-scoring record, Barcelona striker Lionel Messi scores another hat-trick in Nicosia to become the UEFA Champions League all-time top scorer. ](/news/2014/11/25/days-after-his-hat-trick-broke-the-primera-divisia3n-s-59-year-goal-scoring-record-barcelona-striker-lionel-messi-scores-another-hat-trick.md) _Context: FC Barcelona, La Liga, Lionel Messi_
4. [Argentinian football star Lionel Messi and his father are summoned to appear before a Spanish court on tax charges in September. ](/news/2013/06/20/argentinian-football-star-lionel-messi-and-his-father-are-summoned-to-appear-before-a-spanish-court-on-tax-charges-in-september.md) _Context: Argentinian, Lionel Messi, association football_
5. [Lionel Messi breaks Gerd Muller's scoring record for a single European football season with a league hat-trick as Barcelona defeat Malaga. ](/news/2012/05/2/lionel-messi-breaks-gerd-ma1-4ller-s-scoring-record-for-a-single-european-football-season-with-a-league-hat-trick-as-barcelona-defeat-malaga.md) _Context: FC Barcelona, Lionel Messi, association football_
6. [FC Barcelona's Lionel Messi is widely hailed as the best footballer in the world after scoring four goals for the first time in his career in one UEFA Champions League game, including his fourth hat-trick of 2010. ](/news/2010/04/7/fc-barcelona-s-lionel-messi-is-widely-hailed-as-the-best-footballer-in-the-world-after-scoring-four-goals-for-the-first-time-in-his-career-i.md) _Context: FC Barcelona, Lionel Messi, association football_
7. [According to reports in Catalonia, Argentine football star Lionel Messi has paid EUR10 million in Spanish back taxes for 2010 and 2011, and is looking to settle a claimed tax liability of EUR4.1 million for the 2007-2009 period that is the subject of a current investigation. ](/news/2013/06/24/according-to-reports-in-catalonia-argentine-football-star-lionel-messi-has-paid-a-10-million-in-spanish-back-taxes-for-2010-and-2011-and.md) _Context: Lionel Messi, association football_
8. [Spain's Barcelona and Germany's Bayern Munich reach 2012-13 UEFA Champions League semi-finals defeating Paris Saint-Germain and Juventus respectively. ](/news/2013/04/10/spain-s-barcelona-and-germany-s-bayern-munich-reach-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-semi-finals-defeating-paris-saint-germain-and-juventus-r.md) _Context: FC Barcelona, La Liga_
9. [Lionel Messi scores twice in FC Barcelona's historic comeback, 4-0 win over AC Milan at Camp Nou to reach quarter-finals of the 2012-13 UEFA Champions League. In the other match, Turkey's Galatasaray defeats Schalke 04 3-2 in Gelsenkirchen, Germany. ](/news/2013/03/12/lionel-messi-scores-twice-in-fc-barcelona-s-historic-comeback-4a0-win-over-ac-milan-at-camp-nou-to-reach-quarter-finals-of-the-2012a13.md) _Context: FC Barcelona, Lionel Messi_
10. [Lionel Messi extends his record streak by scoring in his 14th consecutive 2012-13 La Liga game to give leader Barcelona a 2-1 win against Granada. The Argentine forward completes his 300th goal during 365th appearance for Catalan club. ](/news/2013/02/16/lionel-messi-extends-his-record-streak-by-scoring-in-his-14th-consecutive-2012a13-la-liga-game-to-give-leader-barcelona-a-2a1-win-agains.md) _Context: FC Barcelona, Lionel Messi_
