### [2002-02-27](/news/2002/02/27/index.md)

#  57 people die in Godhra when a Muslim mob sets fire to a carriage on the Sabarmati Express filled with Vishwa Hindu Parishad activists returning from Ayodhya en route to Ahmedabad. After detaching the burned carriage, the train continues to Vadodara, where Hindus beat and stab people leaving the train, killing one. A 17-year-old is later killed in Godhra by police trying to disrupt mobs.




### Related:

1. [Three senior figures in the Bharatiya Janata Party, L.K. Advani, Uma Bharati and Murli Manohar Joshi, will be tried for their alleged role in the destruction of the Babri Masjid Mosque in the northern Indian town of Ayodhya. ](/news/2017/04/19/three-senior-figures-in-the-bharatiya-janata-party-l-k-advani-uma-bharati-and-murli-manohar-joshi-will-be-tried-for-their-alleged-role-i.md) _Context: Ayodhya_
2. [2002 Gujarat riots: A court in India sentences dozens of people to prison, some of them for life, for their roles in riots that killed 69 Muslims in the city of Ahmedabad in 2002. ](/news/2016/06/17/2002-gujarat-riots-a-court-in-india-sentences-dozens-of-people-to-prison-some-of-them-for-life-for-their-roles-in-riots-that-killed-69-mu.md) _Context: Ahmedabad_
3. [Protests by the Patidar community in Ahmedabad turn violent, sparking violence across the state of Gujarat, India. ](/news/2015/08/25/protests-by-the-patidar-community-in-ahmedabad-turn-violent-sparking-violence-across-the-state-of-gujarat-india.md) _Context: Ahmedabad_
4. [Seven people are killed and 14 injured after a bus collides with a diesel tanker on the Mumbai - Ahmedabad highway in India. ](/news/2014/01/29/seven-people-are-killed-and-14-injured-after-a-bus-collides-with-a-diesel-tanker-on-the-mumbai-ahmedabad-highway-in-india.md) _Context: Ahmedabad_
5. [Unidentified gunmen on motorcycles fatally shoot Indian civil rights campaigner and environmentalist Amit Jethwa in Ahmedabad, Gujarat. ](/news/2010/07/21/unidentified-gunmen-on-motorcycles-fatally-shoot-indian-civil-rights-campaigner-and-environmentalist-amit-jethwa-in-ahmedabad-gujarat.md) _Context: Ahmedabad_
6. [ A series of bomb blasts in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India, kills 30 and injures over 100 people. ](/news/2008/07/26/a-series-of-bomb-blasts-in-ahmedabad-gujarat-india-kills-30-and-injures-over-100-people.md) _Context: Ahmedabad_
7. [ In India, the opposition Bharatiya Janata Party calls for a nationwide strike in protest of the Tuesday attack on the Ayodhya site. The police are on high alert in case of religious violence. ](/news/2005/07/6/in-india-the-opposition-bharatiya-janata-party-calls-for-a-nationwide-strike-in-protest-of-the-tuesday-attack-on-the-ayodhya-site-the-pol.md) _Context: Ayodhya_
8. [ In India 1000 demonstrators protesting attack in Ayodhya clash with riot police in New Delhi. No group has claimed responsibility for the attack. There are small protests in other cities as well but police state that disturbances are minor compared to clashes in previous years. Congress president Sonia Gandhi warns that opposition should not "politicize" the incident ](/news/2005/07/6/in-india-1000-demonstrators-protesting-attack-in-ayodhya-clash-with-riot-police-in-new-delhi-no-group-has-claimed-responsibility-for-the-a.md) _Context: Ayodhya_
9. [ In India, militants attack and try to storm a makeshift temple of Ram in Ayodhya, Uttar Pradesh; most of them die in a firefight with the security forces. There are differing reports about the number of attackers and how many were killed. The temple site is a source of dispute between Muslims and Hindus. ](/news/2005/07/5/in-india-militants-attack-and-try-to-storm-a-makeshift-temple-of-ram-in-ayodhya-uttar-pradesh-most-of-them-die-in-a-firefight-with-the-s.md) _Context: Ayodhya_
10. [ In India, Lal Krishna Advani of the Bharatiya Janata Party and seven others are charged with inciting riots in Ayodhya in 1992 ](/news/2005/07/28/in-india-lal-krishna-advani-of-the-bharatiya-janata-party-and-seven-others-are-charged-with-inciting-riots-in-ayodhya-in-1992.md) _Context: Ayodhya_
