### [2011-01-22](/news/2011/01/22/index.md)

# Moqtada al-Sadr, an Iraqi Shia leader, returns to Iran. 

It is not immediately clear why the Shia leader left Iraq and how long he will stay in Iran.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2011/01/201112222343680162.html)

### Related:

1. [Violence erupts at a protest rally in Baghdad, Iraq, killing at least four protesters and one police officer. Thousands of supporters of Shia cleric Muqtada al-Sadr gathered in the capital to demand an overhaul of the country's electoral system. ](/news/2017/02/11/violence-erupts-at-a-protest-rally-in-baghdad-iraq-killing-at-least-four-protesters-and-one-police-officer-thousands-of-supporters-of-shi.md) _Context: Iraq, Shi'ite_
2. [Travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen are blocked from entering the United States as the executive order takes effect. ](/news/2017/01/28/travelers-from-iran-iraq-libya-somalia-sudan-syria-and-yemen-are-blocked-from-entering-the-united-states-as-the-executive-order-takes.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq_
3. [President Trump signs an executive order limiting refugees and immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries, including Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The order also prioritizes the vetting of Christian refugees of the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/27/president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-limiting-refugees-and-immigration-from-seven-muslim-majority-countries-including-iran-iraq-libya.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq_
4. [The Iraqi parliament passes a law recognizing Shia paramilitary units as a government entity, complete with salaries and pensions that mirror those of the military and the police. ](/news/2016/11/26/the-iraqi-parliament-passes-a-law-recognizing-shia-paramilitary-units-as-a-government-entity-complete-with-salaries-and-pensions-that-mirro.md) _Context: Iraq, Shi'ite_
5. [Saudi Arabia tells its partners in the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries that it will not attend a planned November 28 meeting in Vienna, out of unhappiness about intransigence from Iraq and Iran with regard to production cuts. ](/news/2016/11/25/saudi-arabia-tells-its-partners-in-the-organization-of-petroleum-exporting-countries-that-it-will-not-attend-a-planned-november-28-meeting-i.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq_
6. [At least 80 Shia pilgrims are killed in a truck bomb attack in Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/24/at-least-80-shia-pilgrims-are-killed-in-a-truck-bomb-attack-in-iraq-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility.md) _Context: Iraq, Shi'ite_
7. [Attacks targeting a Shi'ite Muslim gathering, a police check-point, and the family of an anti-Islamic State Sunni paramilitary leader, kill at least 55 people in Iraq. ](/news/2016/10/15/attacks-targeting-a-shi-ite-muslim-gathering-a-police-check-point-and-the-family-of-an-anti-islamic-state-sunni-paramilitary-leader-kill.md) _Context: Iraq, Shi'ite_
8. [Protesters demanding political reform leave Baghdad's Green Zone after camping for 24 hours in the heavily fortified government district. These activists, followers of Shi'ite Muslim cleric Muqtada al-Sadr, support Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi's  anti-corruption proposals to replace party-affiliated ministers with technocrats. A grid-locked parliament has been unable to act on these changes. ](/news/2016/05/1/protesters-demanding-political-reform-leave-baghdad-s-green-zone-after-camping-for-24-hours-in-the-heavily-fortified-government-district-th.md) _Context: Muqtada al-Sadr, Shi'ite_
9. [Senior Kurdish and Shi'ite Muslim leaders agree to withdraw from  Tuz Khurmato, Iraq, where recent violence has killed more than 10 people. ](/news/2016/04/27/senior-kurdish-and-shi-ite-muslim-leaders-agree-to-withdraw-from-tuz-khurmato-iraq-where-recent-violence-has-killed-more-than-10-people.md) _Context: Iraq, Shi'ite_
10. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq_
