### [2015-09-10](/news/2015/09/10/index.md)

# European migrant crisis: Denmark reopens rail services to Germany after closing rail lines and a motorway in order to stem the flow of migrants on their way to Sweden. 

Denmark has resumed rail services to Germany, after closing the train line and a motorway yesterday in a bid to stem the flow of refugees heading north to Sweden. The motorway, a vital traffic artery for people and goods between the two countries, was closed when some 300 refugees, including children, began walking on it. Police tried to persuade them to leave but appeared reluctant to use force, witnesses said. 


### Source:

1. [ITV](http://www.itv.com/news/2015-09-10/denmark-resumes-rail-services-to-germany-amid-refugee-crisis/)
2. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2015/09/10/president-obama-directs-administration-to-accept-at-least-10000-syrian-refugees-in-the-next-fiscal-year/)

### Related:

1. [European migrant crisis: In efforts to control an influx of migrants, Denmark introduces ten days of identity checks on its southern border with Germany, while Sweden introduces similar measures on the Oresund Bridge between itself and Denmark. All three countries are subject to the Schengen Agreement on the free movement of people. ](/news/2016/01/4/european-migrant-crisis-in-efforts-to-control-an-influx-of-migrants-denmark-introduces-ten-days-of-identity-checks-on-its-southern-border.md) _Context: Denmark, European migrant crisis, Germany, Sweden_
2. [European migrant crisis: Germany announces plans to start deporting newly-arrived migrants to Greece starting in March. According to EU's Dublin Regulation, asylum seekers must file for asylum in the member state they arrived in. ](/news/2017/01/12/european-migrant-crisis-germany-announces-plans-to-start-deporting-newly-arrived-migrants-to-greece-starting-in-march-according-to-eu-s-du.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Germany_
3. [Mecklenburg-Vorpommern state election, 2016: German Chancellor Angela Merkel defends her stance regarding the European migrant crisis despite her party losing in the key election. ](/news/2016/09/6/mecklenburg-vorpommern-state-election-2016-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-defends-her-stance-regarding-the-european-migrant-crisis-despit.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Germany_
4. [European migrant crisis: Czech Minister of the Interior Milan Chovanec says that authorities in Prague will send a group of 25 Iraqi Christians back to Iraq after they tried to move to Germany rather than staying in the Czech Republic. The refugees were on their way to Germany via bus before being stopped at the border. Czech authorities agreed to a request by the German police to take the people back. Chovanec said the 25 Iraqis abused Czech generosity and should go back to Iraq within seven days. ](/news/2016/04/3/european-migrant-crisis-czech-minister-of-the-interior-milan-chovanec-says-that-authorities-in-prague-will-send-a-group-of-25-iraqi-christi.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Germany_
5. [European migrant crisis: Austria-Italy relations: Austria plans to deploy soldiers on its border with Italy to stem an expected increase in migrants trying to get to northern Europe, according to Austrian Defence Minister Hans Peter Doskozil. "As the EU's external borders are not yet effectively protected, Austria will soon ramp up strict border controls. That means massive border controls on the Brenner Pass, and with soldiers," Doskozil told German daily newspaper "Die Welt". ](/news/2016/04/2/european-migrant-crisis-austria-italy-relations-austria-plans-to-deploy-soldiers-on-its-border-with-italy-to-stem-an-expected-increase-i.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Germany_
6. [Erasmus bus crash: Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/erasmus-bus-crash-thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-fall.md) _Context: Germany, Sweden_
7. [European migrant crisis: Swedish Interior Minister Anders Ygeman tells financial newspaper "Dagens Industri" that Sweden is disallowing about 45 percent of asylum applications which means around 60,000-80,000 asylum-seekers could be deported in coming years. ](/news/2016/01/28/european-migrant-crisis-swedish-interior-minister-anders-ygeman-tells-financial-newspaper-dagens-industri-that-sweden-is-disallowing-abou.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Sweden_
8. [European migrant crisis: Austria is to deploy its army on its borders with Germany and Slovenia in the wake of surging numbers of migrants entering the Central European country. ](/news/2016/01/16/european-migrant-crisis-austria-is-to-deploy-its-army-on-its-borders-with-germany-and-slovenia-in-the-wake-of-surging-numbers-of-migrants-e.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Germany_
9. [European migrant crisis: Germany recruits 8,500 teachers to provide special German language lessons for 196,000 Syrian child refugees. ](/news/2015/12/28/european-migrant-crisis-germany-recruits-8-500-teachers-to-provide-special-german-language-lessons-for-196-000-syrian-child-refugees.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Germany_
10. [European migration crisis: On the eve of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) party's convention in Karlsruhe, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel says, "We want to noticeably reduce the number of people who come to us, but not through unilateral national measures alone." She acknowledges the crisis could overwhelm Germany if it went on much longer. Merkel warded off pressure from immigration skeptics within the CDU to include a quota in the refugee policy motion the convention will vote on. ](/news/2015/12/13/european-migration-crisis-on-the-eve-of-the-christian-democratic-union-cdu-party-s-convention-in-karlsruhe-chancellor-of-germany-angela.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Germany_
