### [2015-09-10](/news/2015/09/10/index.md)

# ISIL attacks a government held air base near the eastern city of Deir ez-Zor with dozens of government loyalists and ISIL militants killed. 

MIDEAST-CRISIS/SYRIA-CLASHES:Islamic State attacks Syrian air base in east, dozens reported killed


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.trust.org/item/20150910080117-jbfri/?source=shtw)

### Related:

1. [ISIL's third attack against the Syrian government's forces in the city of Deir ez-Zor reportedly splits the government held area in two. An estimated 14,000 ISIL fighters are participating in the attack according to the government. ](/news/2017/01/16/isil-s-third-attack-against-the-syrian-government-s-forces-in-the-city-of-deir-ez-zor-reportedly-splits-the-government-held-area-in-two-an.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Amaq News Agency claims ISIL is responsible for shooting down a Syrian Air Force fighter jet over Deir ez-Zor. The London-based SOHR says the MiG pilot was killed. ](/news/2016/09/18/amaq-news-agency-claims-isil-is-responsible-for-shooting-down-a-syrian-air-force-fighter-jet-over-deir-ez-zor-the-london-based-sohr-says-th.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
3. [According to Russian ambassador to the United Nations Aleksi Borodavkin, the Syrian Army is preparing to launch an offensive against the ISIL strongholds of Al-Raqqah and the countryside around Deir ez-Zor and that the Russian Air Force will be providing the ground campaign with air support. ](/news/2016/04/29/according-to-russian-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-aleksi-borodavkin-the-syrian-army-is-preparing-to-launch-an-offensive-against-the-isi.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
4. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims that scores of Syrian Army troops have been killed in fighting with the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant over the past few days with the fiercest battles near the city of Deir ez-Zor. ](/news/2016/01/19/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-claims-that-scores-of-syrian-army-troops-have-been-killed-in-fighting-with-the-islamic-state-of-iraq.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
5. [ISIL militants abduct at least 400 civilians from the eastern Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor. ](/news/2016/01/17/isil-militants-abduct-at-least-400-civilians-from-the-eastern-syrian-city-of-deir-ez-zor.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
6. [At least 75 Syrian Army soldiers and pro-Assad militiamen are killed following a multi-front attack on the eastern Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL fighters had advanced into the northern tip of Deir ez-Zor city, and captured the suburb of Al-Baghaliyeh. The pro-government Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA) reports that government forces had repelled an attack on the city leaving dozens of militants dead. ](/news/2016/01/16/at-least-75-syrian-army-soldiers-and-pro-assad-militiamen-are-killed-following-a-multi-front-attack-on-the-eastern-syrian-city-of-deir-ez-zo.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
7. [The Syrian Army repels an ISIL offensive on the Deir ez-Zor air base, resulting in at least 119 casualties total. ](/news/2014/12/6/the-syrian-army-repels-an-isil-offensive-on-the-deir-ez-zor-air-base-resulting-in-at-least-119-casualties-total.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
8. [CJTF-OIR jets destroy a section of road, blocking the path of a convoy carrying ISIL evacuees from the Lebanon-Syria border en route to Abu Kamal in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. The convoy, carrying 308 militants and 331 civilians according to Hezbollah, is now effectively stranded in Syrian government-controlled territory. ](/news/2017/08/30/cjtfaoir-jets-destroy-a-section-of-road-blocking-the-path-of-a-convoy-carrying-isil-evacuees-from-the-lebanonasyria-border-en-route-to.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
9. [ISIL militants and their families, estimated to be around 600 people, begin to leave their strongholds on the Lebanon-Syria border and Qalamun Mountains for the Deir ez-Zor Governorate under Syrian military escort. A ceasefire was reached between warring parties yesterday. ](/news/2017/08/28/isil-militants-and-their-families-estimated-to-be-around-600-people-begin-to-leave-their-strongholds-on-the-lebanonasyria-border-and-qal.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
10. [ISIL forces raid an Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps base in vast desert spaces of eastern Homs Governorate, Syria, manned by between 12 to 18 fighters, all but one of which are killed. ](/news/2017/08/11/isil-forces-raid-an-iranian-islamic-revolutionary-guard-corps-base-in-vast-desert-spaces-of-eastern-homs-governorate-syria-manned-by-betwe.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War_
