### [2015-09-10](/news/2015/09/10/index.md)

# The United States Senate fails to pass a resolution blocking approval of the nuclear agreement with Iran, meaning it will be formally adopted on October 19. 




### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/11/world/middleeast/whats-next-for-the-iran-nuclear-deal.html?_r=0)

### Related:

1. [Iranian Minister of Defence Hossein Dehghan confirms Iran tested a new missile, claiming that the test did not violate the 2015 nuclear deal nor UN resolution 2231. ](/news/2017/02/1/iranian-minister-of-defence-hossein-dehghan-confirms-iran-tested-a-new-missile-claiming-that-the-test-did-not-violate-the-2015-nuclear-deal.md) _Context: Iran, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action_
2. [Ayatollah Khamenei warns that Iran will retaliate if sanctions that breach the Nuclear Deal are approved. ](/news/2016/11/23/ayatollah-khamenei-warns-that-iran-will-retaliate-if-sanctions-that-breach-the-nuclear-deal-are-approved.md) _Context: Iran, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action_
3. [Reuters reports the United States and its European allies have notified the UN that Iran's launching of nuclear-capable missiles violated United Nations Security Council resolution 2231 which endorsed the Iran deal, i.e., the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), last year. ](/news/2016/03/29/reuters-reports-the-united-states-and-its-european-allies-have-notified-the-un-that-iran-s-launching-of-nuclear-capable-missiles-violated-un.md) _Context: Iran, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action_
4. [The U.S. Senate confirms the nominations of the ambassadors to Norway and Sweden, and of two State Department officials once Senator Ted Cruz lifted his months-long hold on the nominations because of his objection to the Iran nuclear deal (JCPOA). ](/news/2016/02/12/the-u-s-senate-confirms-the-nominations-of-the-ambassadors-to-norway-and-sweden-and-of-two-state-department-officials-once-senator-ted-cru.md) _Context: Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, United States Senate_
5. [Europe and the United States lift sanctions imposed on Iran regarding its nuclear programme, and the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action begins to be implemented. ](/news/2016/01/17/europe-and-the-united-states-lift-sanctions-imposed-on-iran-regarding-its-nuclear-programme-and-the-joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-begi.md) _Context: Iran, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action_
6. [The International Atomic Energy Agency states that Iran has complied with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, paving the way for international sanctions to be lifted by the United States and European Union. ](/news/2016/01/16/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-states-that-iran-has-complied-with-its-commitments-under-the-joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-pavi.md) _Context: Iran, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action_
7. [In accordance with a major point of a nuclear agreement reached with several world powers, Iran removed a plutonium core and filled with concrete the Arak nuclear reactor, setting the stage for the removal of sanctions against Iran.  ](/news/2016/01/12/in-accordance-with-a-major-point-of-a-nuclear-agreement-reached-with-several-world-powers-iran-removed-a-plutonium-core-and-filled-with-con.md) _Context: Iran, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action_
8. [Russia's envoy to the International Atomic Energy Agency says he expects the historic nuclear deal between Iran and world powers, the P5+1, to be implemented in January. Before the end of the year, Iran will exchange its stockpile of low-enriched uranium for Russia's non-enriched forms of uranium, he said. ](/news/2015/12/7/russia-s-envoy-to-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-says-he-expects-the-historic-nuclear-deal-between-iran-and-world-powers-the-p5-1.md) _Context: Iran, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action_
9. [Eleven tons of enriched uranium are on a ship heading from Iran to Russia, per the July 14th international agreement. Iran delivers 200 tons of Russian yellowcake in return. The International Atomic Energy Agency will decide when Tehran has complied with its obligations which would make dismantling of economic sanctions possible.  ](/news/2015/12/28/eleven-tons-of-enriched-uranium-are-on-a-ship-heading-from-iran-to-russia-per-the-july-14th-international-agreement-iran-delivers-200-tons.md) _Context: Iran, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action_
10. [Iranian legislative election, 2016 Iran starts registering candidates for the 290-seat parliamentary elections scheduled for 26 February 2016. Potential candidates must be approved by the Guardian Council. The elections will, effectively, be  a vote on President Hassan Rouhani's moderate policies that received a boost from the July 14  landmark nuclear deal. ](/news/2015/12/20/iranian-legislative-election-2016-piran-starts-registering-candidates-for-the-290-seat-parliamentary-elections-scheduled-for-26-february-20.md) _Context: Iran, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action_
