### [2015-09-10](/news/2015/09/10/index.md)

# Venezuelan opposition leader Leopoldo Lopez is convicted and sentenced to 14 years imprisonment for allegedly inciting violence at anti-government rallies. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/L/LT_VENEZUELA_OPPOSITION_LEADER?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT&CTIME=2015-09-10-23-17-23)

### Related:

1. [Crisis in Venezuela. Venezuelan opposition leaders Leopoldo Lopez and Mayor of Caracas Antonio Ledezma are seized at their homes overnight by the Bolivarian Intelligence Service (SEBIN) and taken to Ramo Verde Prison. They had been arrested previously by the Venezuelan government, but were under house arrest at the time of being seized. ](/news/2017/08/1/crisis-in-venezuela-venezuelan-opposition-leaders-leopoldo-la3pez-and-mayor-of-caracas-antonio-ledezma-are-seized-at-their-homes-overnight.md) _Context: Leopoldo Lopez, Venezuela_
2. [Venezuelan protests. Venezuela's Supreme Tribunal of Justice upholds the 13-year, 9-month-plus prison term of Popular Will party founder Leopoldo Lopez for inciting violence, via "subliminal messages," at the 2014 anti-government protests where 43 people were killed. Yesterday, United States President Donald Trump met with Lopez's wife, Lilian Tintori, and called on Venezuela to release Lopez immediately. ](/news/2017/02/16/venezuelan-protests-venezuela-s-supreme-tribunal-of-justice-upholds-the-13-year-9-month-plus-prison-term-of-popular-will-party-founder-leo.md) _Context: Leopoldo Lopez, Venezuela_
3. [The opposition controlled National Assembly of Venezuela passes an amnesty bill that could potentially free over 70 opposition leaders and activists jailed during protests last year, including prominent leader Leopoldo Lopez. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-opposition-controlled-national-assembly-of-venezuela-passes-an-amnesty-bill-that-could-potentially-free-over-70-opposition-leaders-and-a.md) _Context: Leopoldo Lopez, Venezuela_
4. [United States-Venezuela relations. The U.S. imposes new sanctions on eight Venezuelan officials, including Secretary of the 2017 Constituent Assembly Adan Chavez - the late President Hugo Chavez's brother, to "deter further democratic backsliding" in the South American country. ](/news/2017/08/9/united-states-venezuela-relations-the-u-s-imposes-new-sanctions-on-eight-venezuelan-officials-including-secretary-of-the-2017-constitue.md) _Context: Venezuela_
5. [Crisis in Venezuela. Socorro Flores Liera, Mexico's deputy foreign minister for Latin America and the Caribbean, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Mexico City, that during the first half of 2017, 1,420 Venezuelans have sought asylum in Mexico, a nearly four-fold jump compared to the 361 total Venezuelan asylum applicants for all of 2016, as the result of Venezuela's deepening political and economic crisis. ](/news/2017/08/4/crisis-in-venezuela-socorro-flores-liera-mexico-s-deputy-foreign-minister-for-latin-america-and-the-caribbean-speaks-during-an-interview.md) _Context: Venezuela_
6. [Venezuelan Constitutional Assembly election, 2017. South American trade bloc Mercosur will trigger its democratic clause this weekend to suspend Venezuela indefinitely, furthering its past temporary suspension, and not allow the country back until internal political issues have been resolved. ](/news/2017/08/3/venezuelan-constitutional-assembly-election-2017-south-american-trade-bloc-mercosur-will-trigger-its-democratic-clause-this-weekend-to-sus.md) _Context: Venezuela_
7. [Colombia-Venezuela relations. Censorship in Venezuela. Venezuela's National Commission of Telecommunications (Conatel) takes Colombian television channels, Caracol Television and RCN Television, off air due to their coverage of the 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. ](/news/2017/08/24/colombia-venezuela-relations-censorship-in-venezuela-venezuela-s-national-commission-of-telecommunications-conatel-takes-colombian-tel.md) _Context: Venezuela_
8. [2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. The controversial National Constituent Assembly votes unanimously to assume the powers of the opposition-led National Assembly of Venezuela. ](/news/2017/08/18/2017-venezuelan-constitutional-crisis-the-controversial-national-constituent-assembly-votes-unanimously-to-assume-the-powers-of-the-opposit.md) _Context: Venezuela_
9. [Crisis in Venezuela. Venezuelan security forces raid a prison in Puerto Ayacucho, Amazonas State, killing at least 37 inmates. Amazonas Governor Liborio Guarulla describes the killings as a "massacre". ](/news/2017/08/16/crisis-in-venezuela-venezuelan-security-forces-raid-a-prison-in-puerto-ayacucho-amazonas-state-killing-at-least-37-inmates-amazonas-gove.md) _Context: Venezuela_
10. [2017 Venezuelan protests. Human rights in Venezuela. The Venezuelan oppositor leader Leopoldo Lopez, leader of the Popular Will party, leaves the jail after almost 3 years and a half of confinement, to happen to comply house arrest with an electronic shackle. According to the Supreme Tribunal, this measure was taken for humanitarian reasons. Lopez was sentenced to 13 years and 9 months of imprisonment for supposedly instigate to violence during the 2014 anti-Goverment protests, although his supporters and much of the international community deny this version and consider that exist a political persecution against him. ](/news/2017/07/8/2017-venezuelan-protests-human-rights-in-venezuela-the-venezuelan-oppositor-leader-leopoldo-la3pez-leader-of-the-popular-will-party-leav.md) _Context: Leopoldo Lopez_
