### [2017-02-24](/news/2017/02/24/index.md)

# A report alleges that the German BND has been spying on journalists in Afghanistan. 

German intelligence spied on the BBC and other foreign journalists, Spiegel news reports.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-39080256)

### Related:

1. [Germany's vice-chancellor, Sigmar Gabriel, accuses Saudi Arabia of financing Islamic extremism in the West and warns that it must stop. He tells German media, "We have to make clear to the Saudis that the time of looking away is over, Wahhabi mosques all over the world are financed by Saudi Arabia. Many Islamists who are a threat to public safety come from these communities in Germany". His comments come days after Germany's Federal Intelligence Service released a report saying Saudi Arabia was "destabilizing" the Arab world. ](/news/2015/12/6/germany-s-vice-chancellor-sigmar-gabriel-accuses-saudi-arabia-of-financing-islamic-extremism-in-the-west-and-warns-that-it-must-stop-he-t.md) _Context: BND, Germany_
2. [Germany's Federal Intelligence Service (BND) says Saudi Arabia is at risk of becoming a major destabilizing influence in the Arab world due to the diplomatic stance of some senior members of the House of Saud. ](/news/2015/12/3/germany-s-federal-intelligence-service-bnd-says-saudi-arabia-is-at-risk-of-becoming-a-major-destabilizing-influence-in-the-arab-world-due.md) _Context: BND, Germany_
3. [Slovenia's army begins erecting a razor wire fence along parts of its southern border with Croatia in order to stop a tide of illegal migrants entering the country. Around 180,000 people, mainly from Syria and Afghanistan have streamed into Slovenia since mid-October after trekking northwards along a Balkan corridor from Greece, most of them bound ultimately for Germany. ](/news/2015/11/11/slovenia-s-army-begins-erecting-a-razor-wire-fence-along-parts-of-its-southern-border-with-croatia-in-order-to-stop-a-tide-of-illegal-migran.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Germany_
4. [Following Austria's and Germany's decision to waive their asylum system rules, approximately 6,500 migrants - mostly from Syria, Iraq, and Afghanistan - arrive in Vienna. They traveled from Hungary by bus, train or on foot. The migrants were given the opportunity to register in Austria or move on to Germany. ](/news/2015/09/5/following-austria-s-and-germany-s-decision-to-waive-their-asylum-system-rules-approximately-6-500-migrants-a-mostly-from-syria-iraq-and.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Germany_
5. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Khalid El-Masri, a German citizen, was an innocent victim of extraordinary rendition by the Central Intelligence Agency and orders Macedonia to pay him EUR60,000 after it arrested him and sent him to the CIA. CIA agents then transferred him to a detention facility in Afghanistan. ](/news/2012/12/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-khalid-el-masri-a-german-citizen-was-an-innocent-victim-of-extraordinary-rendition-by-the-ce.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Germany_
6. [Three German soldiers are killed in north Afghanistan, five other Germans were wounded in fighting southwest of Kunduz. 22 German soldiers have been killed by fighting or attacks in Afghanistan since 2001 and another 138 wounded. ](/news/2010/04/3/three-german-soldiers-are-killed-in-north-afghanistan-five-other-germans-were-wounded-in-fighting-southwest-of-kunduz-22-german-soldiers-h.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Germany_
7. [German troops kill at least five Afghan soldiers in a friendly fire incident north of the capital Kabul. ](/news/2010/04/3/german-troops-kill-at-least-five-afghan-soldiers-in-a-friendly-fire-incident-north-of-the-capital-kabul.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Germany_
8. [ Germany's Defence Minister Karl-Theodor zu Guttenberg admits mistakes were made in a September 4 Afghan air raid which resulted in 142 deaths. ](/news/2009/11/6/germany-s-defence-minister-karl-theodor-zu-guttenberg-admits-mistakes-were-made-in-a-september-4-afghan-air-raid-which-resulted-in-142-deat.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Germany_
9. [ Germany's army chief Wolfgang Schneiderhan resigns over allegations of a cover up related to a September NATO airstrike in northern Afghanistan. ](/news/2009/11/26/germany-s-army-chief-wolfgang-schneiderhan-resigns-over-allegations-of-a-cover-up-related-to-a-september-nato-airstrike-in-northern-afghani.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Germany_
10. [ Security is tightened across Germany after the emergence of al-Qaeda videos threatening attacks if troops are not withdrawn from Afghanistan. ](/news/2009/09/22/security-is-tightened-across-germany-after-the-emergence-of-al-qaeda-videos-threatening-attacks-if-troops-are-not-withdrawn-from-afghanista.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Germany_
