### [2017-02-24](/news/2017/02/24/index.md)

# Foreign involvement in the Syrian Civil War: The Iraqi Air Force strikes ISIL targets inside Syria for the first time in response to recent bombings in Baghdad. 

The Iraqi prime minister said he had directed the military to conduct airstrikes against Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) targets in Syrian territory. The strikes come in response to recent bombings in Baghdad, he added.


### Source:

1. [RT](https://www.rt.com/news/378485-iraq-airstrikes-isis-syria/)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: Foreign involvement in the Syrian Civil War: The United Arab Emirates (UAE) says it is ready to deploy ground troops to Syria as part of an international coalition to fight against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, if said coalition was led by the United States. ](/news/2016/02/7/syrian-civil-war-foreign-involvement-in-the-syrian-civil-war-the-united-arab-emirates-uae-says-it-is-ready-to-deploy-ground-troops-to-sy.md) _Context: Foreign involvement in the Syrian Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
2. [Iraq War (2014-present): An Iraqi Air Force Sukhoi Su-25 jet, returning from a bombing raid against ISIL militants in the north, accidentally drops a bomb on Baghdad destroying several homes and killing at least 7 civilians. American officials claimed that as many as 65% of Iraqi air force bombers do not drop their bombs due to "lack of targets". ](/news/2015/07/6/iraq-war-2014-present-an-iraqi-air-force-sukhoi-su-25-jet-returning-from-a-bombing-raid-against-isil-militants-in-the-north-accidenta.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Air Force, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [ Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon: Lebanese Armed Forces are attacked by five suicide bombers and other militants during a raid of two Syrian refugee camps in Arsal near the Syrian border. The army reports a girl was killed in one of the suicide attacks, seven soldiers were also wounded, and 350 people, including several ISIL officials, were detained during the sweep. ](/news/2017/06/30/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-lebanese-armed-forces-are-attacked-by-five-suicide-bombers-and-other-militants-during-a-raid-of-two.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
4. [Syrian Civil War: Military intervention against ISIL: The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
5. [Iraqi Civil War: Al-Faqma ice cream parlor bombing: A car bomb explosion outside a popular ice cream parlor in central Baghdad kills 13 people and injures 24. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/05/30/iraqi-civil-war-al-faqma-ice-cream-parlor-bombing-a-car-bomb-explosion-outside-a-popular-ice-cream-parlor-in-central-baghdad-kills-13-peop.md) _Context: Baghdad, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Iraqi Civil War: Iraq's Popular Mobilization Forces, assisted by Iran, say they cleared ISIL out of several villages north of Ba'aj on the border with Syria. ](/news/2017/05/29/iraqi-civil-war-iraq-s-popular-mobilization-forces-assisted-by-iran-say-they-cleared-isil-out-of-several-villages-north-of-ba-aj-on-the-b.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
7. [Syrian Civil War: According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democr.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
8. [Syrian Civil War: American-led intervention in Syria: The United States Marine Corps' 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit arrives in Syria ahead of a Syrian Democratic Forces operation to take control of ISIL's de facto capital of Raqqa. ](/news/2017/03/8/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-the-united-states-marine-corps-11th-marine-expeditionary-unit-arrives-in-syria-ahead.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
9. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): A car bomb explodes in a Shi'ite neighbourhood in Baghdad, killing at least 48 people. ISIL claimed responsibility for the bombing. ](/news/2017/02/16/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-car-bomb-explodes-in-a-shi-ite-neighbourhood-in-baghdad-killing-at-least-48-people-isil-claimed-respon.md) _Context: Baghdad, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
