### [2017-02-24](/news/2017/02/24/index.md)

# Presidency of Donald Trump: The Trump administration signals that it plans a crackdown on U.S states that legalize the use of cannabis. 

Trump&apos;s press secretary says the administration sees recreational marijuana as dangerous, and signaled the Department of Justice could go after states that have legalized it.


### Source:

1. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/politics/la-na-pol-trump-marijuana-20170223-story.html)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/pwa/#https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/justice-department-will-again-use-private-prisons/2017/02/23/da395d02-fa0e-11e6-be05-1a3817ac21a5_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Presidency of Donald Trump: U.S. President Donald Trump pardons former sheriff of Maricopa County, Arizona, Joe Arpaio. ](/news/2017/08/25/presidency-of-donald-trump-u-s-president-donald-trump-pardons-former-sheriff-of-maricopa-county-arizona-joe-arpaio.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
2. [Presidency of Donald Trump: President Donald Trump has ended his planned Presidential Advisory Council on Infrastructure after only a month, coming a day after two other advisory councils, the Strategic and Policy Forum and the American Manufacturing Council, were scrapped. No reason was given. ](/news/2017/08/17/presidency-of-donald-trump-president-donald-trump-has-ended-his-planned-presidential-advisory-council-on-infrastructure-after-only-a-month.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
3. [Presidency of Donald Trump: Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/presidency-of-donald-trump-numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-regist.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
4. [Business career of Donald Trump: The U.S. Office of Government Ethics certifies President Donald Trump's financial report which discloses over $315.6 million in personal liabilities and exceeding $1.4 billion in assets as of mid-2017, for revenues of more than $594 million over 2016 and early 2017. ](/news/2017/06/16/business-career-of-donald-trump-the-u-s-office-of-government-ethics-certifies-president-donald-trump-s-financial-report-which-discloses-ov.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
5. [Presidency of Donald Trump: U.S. President Donald Trump signs a revised version of Executive Order 13769 eliminating Iraq from the order and reducing the indefinite suspension of Syrian refugees to 120 days. The order will be in effect on March 16, 2017. ](/news/2017/03/6/presidency-of-donald-trump-u-s-president-donald-trump-signs-a-revised-version-of-executive-order-13769-eliminating-iraq-from-the-order-and.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
6. [Presidency of Donald Trump: United States President Donald Trump announces that he intends to seek an investigation into possible voter fraud from last year's election. ](/news/2017/01/25/presidency-of-donald-trump-united-states-president-donald-trump-announces-that-he-intends-to-seek-an-investigation-into-possible-voter-frau.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
7. [Presidency of Donald Trump: U.S. President Donald Trump signs documents approving the construction of both the Keystone XL and Dakota Access Pipelines. ](/news/2017/01/24/presidency-of-donald-trump-u-s-president-donald-trump-signs-documents-approving-the-construction-of-both-the-keystone-xl-and-dakota-access.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
8. [Presidency of Donald Trump: U.S. President Donald Trump issues executive orders to withdraw the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and reinstates the Mexico City Policy, a policy banning U.S. aid to foreign organizations that use funds from other sources to perform or discuss abortions, which Barack Obama scrapped in 2009. ](/news/2017/01/23/presidency-of-donald-trump-u-s-president-donald-trump-issues-executive-orders-to-withdraw-the-united-states-from-the-trans-pacific-partner.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
9. [Presidency of Donald Trump: President-elect Donald Trump announces his plans for his first day in office, including quitting the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) and canceling restrictions on United States energy production. ](/news/2016/11/21/presidency-of-donald-trump-president-elect-donald-trump-announces-his-plans-for-his-first-day-in-office-including-quitting-the-trans-pacif.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
10. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military: Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
