
Formats: [HTML](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-mail-bbc.html)  [JSON](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-mail-bbc.json)  [XML](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-mail-bbc.xml)  

### [2017-02-24](/news/2017/02/24/index.md)

##### Presidency of Donald Trump
# The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. 

News organizations including The New York Times, the Los Angeles Times, CNN and Politico were blocked from joining an informal, on-the-record White House press briefing Friday. The Associated Press chose not to participate…


### Sources:

1. [ (NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/white-house/white-house-excludes-several-outlets-press-gaggle-n725366)
2. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/9d04bb7ccf60468987c582b4ee9c7e24/white-house-bars-major-news-outlets-media-gaggle)
3. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-media-idUSKBN1632JG?il=0)
4. [The Hill'' via MSN.Com](http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/media-slams-limited-wh-press-access/ar-AAnksZB?ocid=edgsp)
5. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/24/us/politics/white-house-sean-spicer-briefing.html?_r=0)
5. [Cover Image](http://binaryapi.ap.org/a0e41faff5b04a1c8c0f324ddf40c778/460x.jpg)

### Changes:

1. [The Trump White House bars ''The New York Times'', CNN, the ''Los Angeles Times'', the ''New York Daily News'', ''The Hill'', the ''Daily Mail'', BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and ''The Washington Times''. Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, ''The Wall Street Journal'', Bloomberg News, and Fox News. ''Time'' magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-m.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:30 (First version)_
2. [Presidency of Donald Trump: The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents- Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House-s actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/presidency-of-donald-trump-the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-h.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:30 (Update)_
2. [The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-mail-bbc.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [ The 2001 anthrax attacks commence as anthrax letters are mailed from Hamilton Township, Mercer County, New Jersey, to ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, the "New York Post", and the "National Enquirer".](/news/2001/09/18/the-2001-anthrax-attacks-commence-as-anthrax-letters-are-mailed-from-hamilton-township-mercer-county-new-jersey-to-abc-news-cbs-news-n.md) _Context: ABC News, CBS News, NBC News_
2. [Tronc Inc., the "Los Angeles Times" and the "Chicago Tribune" publisher, buys the "New York Daily News". ](/news/2017/09/4/tronc-inc-the-los-angeles-times-and-the-chicago-tribune-publisher-buys-the-new-york-daily-news.md) _Context: Los Angeles Times, New York Daily News_
3. [The pro-Israel non-governmental organization HonestReporting brings attention to footage captured by the BBC and transmitted by CNN that shows a Palestinian man being carried away from a bomb blast only to reappear moments later uninjured. CNN's Anderson Cooper who was reporting on the original story issued a retraction during his television show. ](/news/2012/11/20/the-pro-israel-non-governmental-organization-honestreporting-brings-attention-to-footage-captured-by-the-bbc-and-transmitted-by-cnn-that-sho.md) _Context: BBC, CNN_
4. [ Burma restores some Internet access but continues to deny access to foreign news services such as the BBC and CNN, blogs and dissident sites. ](/news/2007/10/14/burma-restores-some-internet-access-but-continues-to-deny-access-to-foreign-news-services-such-as-the-bbc-and-cnn-blogs-and-dissident-site.md) _Context: BBC, CNN_
5. [ North Korea: According to ABC News, a "senior State Department official" says that "It is the view of the intelligence community that a (nuclear) test is a real possibility," and says that they have seen "suspicious vehicle movement" at a suspected nuclear test site. However, according to Reuters, a United States official said that "We have no new evidence to support that." Also according to the Associated Press, the White House said that any nuclear weapons test would be an "extremely provocative" act that would be denounced around the globe." ](/news/2006/08/17/north-korea-according-to-abc-news-a-senior-state-department-official-says-that-it-is-the-view-of-the-intelligence-community-that-a-nu.md) _Context: ABC News, Associated Press_
