### [2017-02-24](/news/2017/02/24/index.md)

# The Trump White House bars ''The New York Times'', CNN, the ''Los Angeles Times'', the ''New York Daily News'', ''The Hill'',  the ''Daily Mail'',  BBC,  Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as  Breitbart News, One America News Network, and ''The Washington Times''. Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News,  ''The Wall Street Journal'', Bloomberg News, and Fox News. ''Time'' magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to  in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. 

News organizations including The New York Times, the Los Angeles Times, CNN and Politico were blocked from joining an informal, on-the-record White House press briefing Friday. The Associated Press chose not to participate…


### Source:

1. [ (NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/white-house/white-house-excludes-several-outlets-press-gaggle-n725366)
2. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/9d04bb7ccf60468987c582b4ee9c7e24/white-house-bars-major-news-outlets-media-gaggle)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-media-idUSKBN1632JG?il=0)
4. [The Hill'' via MSN.Com](http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/media-slams-limited-wh-press-access/ar-AAnksZB?ocid=edgsp)
5. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/24/us/politics/white-house-sean-spicer-briefing.html?_r=0)

### Related:

1. [ The 2001 anthrax attacks commence as anthrax letters are mailed from Hamilton Township, Mercer County, New Jersey, to ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, the ''New York Post'', and the ''National Enquirer''.](/news/2001/09/18/the-2001-anthrax-attacks-commence-as-anthrax-letters-are-mailed-from-hamilton-township-mercer-county-new-jersey-to-abc-news-cbs-news-n.md) _Context: ABC News, CBS News, NBC News_
2. [Operation Pillar of Defense:The pro-Israel non-governmental organization HonestReporting brings attention to footage captured by the BBC and transmitted by CNN that shows a Palestinian man being carried away from a bomb blast only to reappear moments later uninjured. CNN's Anderson Cooper who was reporting on the original story issued a retraction during his television show. ](/news/2012/11/20/operation-pillar-of-defense-pthe-pro-israel-non-governmental-organization-honestreporting-brings-attention-to-footage-captured-by-the-bbc-an.md) _Context: BBC, CNN_
3. [ Burma restores some Internet access but continues to deny access to foreign news services such as the BBC and CNN, blogs and dissident sites. ](/news/2007/10/14/burma-restores-some-internet-access-but-continues-to-deny-access-to-foreign-news-services-such-as-the-bbc-and-cnn-blogs-and-dissident-site.md) _Context: BBC, CNN_
4. [ North Korea: According to ABC News, a "senior State Department official" says that "It is the view of the intelligence community that a (nuclear) test is a real possibility," and says that they have seen  "suspicious vehicle movement" at a suspected nuclear test site. However, according to Reuters, a United States official said that "We have no new evidence to support that." Also according to the Associated Press, the White House said that any nuclear weapons test would be an "extremely provocative" act that would be denounced around the globe." ](/news/2006/08/17/north-korea-according-to-abc-news-a-senior-state-department-official-says-that-it-is-the-view-of-the-intelligence-community-that-a-nu.md) _Context: ABC News, Associated Press_
5. [ Seven Palestinians are killed by Israeli Air Force missile attacks on the Gaza Strip and West Bank, including at least four Hamas militants. Five other Palestinian civilian bystanders are injured in the attacks. According to CNN all the 7 were militants, whereas the BBC says four were. The attack was carried out amid a barrage of Qassam rockets. ](/news/2005/07/15/seven-palestinians-are-killed-by-israeli-air-force-missile-attacks-on-the-gaza-strip-and-west-bank-including-at-least-four-hamas-militants.md) _Context: BBC, CNN_
6. [CNN is accused of threatening to reveal the personal identity of a Reddit user who made a GIF depicting United States President Donald Trump tackling a man to the ground, with CNN's logo superimposed on the man's face. The GIF was modified and posted on Trump's Twitter feed. ](/news/2017/07/4/cnn-is-accused-of-threatening-to-reveal-the-personal-identity-of-a-reddit-user-who-made-a-gif-depicting-united-states-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: CNN_
7. [The White House releases unredacted emails of people concerned about the Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity. Sensitive information revealed in the emails prompts immediate backlash and privacy concerns. ](/news/2017/07/14/the-white-house-releases-unredacted-emails-of-people-concerned-about-the-presidential-advisory-commission-on-election-integrity-sensitive-i.md) _Context: Trump Administration_
8. [Executive Order 13780, ''Hawaii v. Trump''The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June  order that permits admission to the U.S. of  those with a bona fide relationship.  ](/news/2017/07/14/executive-order-13780-hawaii-v-trump-pthe-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling.md) _Context: Trump Administration_
9. [The Trump Administration announces this year's presidential state visit to the United Kingdom is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting.  ](/news/2017/07/11/the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-is-delayed-until-at-least-2018-both-the-white.md) _Context: Trump Administration_
10. [Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-registration-data-from-president-d.md) _Context: Trump Administration_
