### [2017-02-24](/news/2017/02/24/index.md)

# The Iraqi Air Force strikes ISIL targets inside Syria for the first time in response to recent bombings in Baghdad. 

The Iraqi prime minister said he had directed the military to conduct airstrikes against Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) targets in Syrian territory. The strikes come in response to recent bombings in Baghdad, he added.


### Source:

1. [RT](https://www.rt.com/news/378485-iraq-airstrikes-isis-syria/)
1. [Cover Image](https://img.rt.com/files/2017.02/article/58b025aec46188490c8b462f.JPG)

### Related:

1. [The United Arab Emirates (UAE) says it is ready to deploy ground troops to Syria as part of an international coalition to fight against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, if said coalition was led by the United States. ](/news/2016/02/7/the-united-arab-emirates-uae-says-it-is-ready-to-deploy-ground-troops-to-syria-as-part-of-an-international-coalition-to-fight-against-the.md) _Context: Foreign involvement in the Syrian Civil War, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
2. [An Iraqi Air Force Sukhoi Su-25 jet, returning from a bombing raid against ISIL militants in the north, accidentally drops a bomb on Baghdad destroying several homes and killing at least 7 civilians. American officials claimed that as many as 65% of Iraqi air force bombers do not drop their bombs due to "lack of targets". ](/news/2015/07/6/an-iraqi-air-force-sukhoi-su-25-jet-returning-from-a-bombing-raid-against-isil-militants-in-the-north-accidentally-drops-a-bomb-on-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Air Force, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [ISIL militants and their families, estimated to be around 600 people, begin to leave their strongholds on the Lebanon-Syria border and Qalamun Mountains for the Deir ez-Zor Governorate under Syrian military escort. A ceasefire was reached between warring parties yesterday. ](/news/2017/08/28/isil-militants-and-their-families-estimated-to-be-around-600-people-begin-to-leave-their-strongholds-on-the-lebanonasyria-border-and-qal.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
4. [ Lebanese Armed Forces are attacked by five suicide bombers and other militants during a raid of two Syrian refugee camps in Arsal near the Syrian border. The army reports a girl was killed in one of the suicide attacks, seven soldiers were also wounded, and 350 people, including several ISIL officials, were detained during the sweep. ](/news/2017/06/30/lebanese-armed-forces-are-attacked-by-five-suicide-bombers-and-other-militants-during-a-raid-of-two-syrian-refugee-camps-in-arsal-near-the.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
5. [The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria-following-russia-s-threat-that-it-would-treat-any-ai.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
6. [  A car bomb explosion outside a popular ice cream parlor in central Baghdad kills 13 people and injures 24. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/05/30/a-car-bomb-explosion-outside-a-popular-ice-cream-parlor-in-central-baghdad-kills-13-people-and-injures-24-isil-claims-responsibility-for.md) _Context: Baghdad, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Iraq's Popular Mobilization Forces, assisted by Iran, say they cleared ISIL out of several villages north of Ba'aj on the border with Syria. ](/news/2017/05/29/iraq-s-popular-mobilization-forces-assisted-by-iran-say-they-cleared-isil-out-of-several-villages-north-of-ba-aj-on-the-border-with-syria.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
8. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
9. [The United States Marine Corps' 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit arrives in Syria ahead of a Syrian Democratic Forces operation to take control of ISIL's de facto capital of Raqqa. ](/news/2017/03/8/the-united-states-marine-corps-11th-marine-expeditionary-unit-arrives-in-syria-ahead-of-a-syrian-democratic-forces-operation-to-take-contro.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
10. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
