### [2008-03-18](/news/2008/03/18/index.md)

#  French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner says the EU should consider punishing China's crackdown in Tibet with a boycott of the opening ceremony of the Olympic Games in Beijing. 




### Source:

1. [International Herald Tribune](http://www.iht.com/articles/2008/03/18/asia/react.php)

### Related:

1. [ French President Nicolas Sarkozy says he might boycott the opening ceremony of the Beijing Olympics if China continues its crackdown in Tibet. ](/news/2008/03/25/french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-says-he-might-boycott-the-opening-ceremony-of-the-beijing-olympics-if-china-continues-its-crackdown-in-tib.md) _Context: 2008 Summer Olympics, France, Tibet, boycott_
2. [ French foreign minister Bernard Kouchner warns Ireland, saying the Irish would be the "first victim" if they reject the EU Treaty of Lisbon. ](/news/2008/06/9/french-foreign-minister-bernard-kouchner-warns-ireland-saying-the-irish-would-be-the-first-victim-if-they-reject-the-eu-treaty-of-lisbon.md) _Context: Bernard Kouchner, European Union, France_
3. [ French Minister of Foreign Affairs Bernard Kouchner and his Swedish counterpart Carl Bildt pronounce their support for Serbian membership of the European Union. ](/news/2008/03/12/french-minister-of-foreign-affairs-bernard-kouchner-and-his-swedish-counterpart-carl-bildt-pronounce-their-support-for-serbian-membership-o.md) _Context: Bernard Kouchner, European Union, France_
4. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-b.md) _Context: European Union, France_
5. [France-Russia relations: International sanctions during the Ukrainian crisis: France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-russia-relations-international-sanctions-during-the-ukrainian-crisis-france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-reso.md) _Context: European Union, France_
6. [Foreign relations of Saudi Arabia: Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): The European Parliament adopts a resolution calling for the introduction of an arms embargo against Saudi Arabia, saying the United Kingdom, France and other EU governments should no longer sell weapons to a country accused of targeting civilians in Yemen. ](/news/2016/02/25/foreign-relations-of-saudi-arabia-yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-the-european-parliament-adopts-a-resolution-calling-for-the-introducti.md) _Context: European Union, France_
7. [Australia, the UK, France, and the United States, all issue security alerts for westerners in Sanlitun in the Chaoyang District of Beijing, a popular diplomatic and entertainment district. Chinese officials indicate they have taken appropriate measures in response to this information. ](/news/2015/12/24/australia-the-uk-france-and-the-united-states-all-issue-security-alerts-for-westerners-in-sanlitun-in-the-chaoyang-district-of-beijing.md) _Context: Beijing, France_
8. [Saudi Arabian blogger Raif Badawi, who has been sentenced to 1,000 lashes and 10 years in jail for insulting Islam and for cyber crime, wins the European Union's prestigious Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought. The Sakharov award ceremony will be held in Strasbourg, France on December 16, 2015 while the laureate remains imprisoned. ](/news/2015/10/29/saudi-arabian-blogger-raif-badawi-who-has-been-sentenced-to-1-000-lashes-and-10-years-in-jail-for-insulting-islam-and-for-cyber-crime-wins.md) _Context: European Union, France_
9. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: European Union, France_
10. [Moody's Investors Service downgrades the credit ratings of several European Union members including Italy, Malta, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain and issues a negative outlook for the ratings of Austria, France and the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/02/13/moody-s-investors-service-downgrades-the-credit-ratings-of-several-european-union-members-including-italy-malta-portugal-slovakia-sloven.md) _Context: European Union, France_
