### [2008-03-18](/news/2008/03/18/index.md)

#  In an address to the Israeli Knesset, German Chancellor Angela Merkel says "Germany will always stand by the Jewish state." 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/worldNews/idINIndia-32561220080318)

### Related:

1. [ German Chancellor Angela Merkel and half of her cabinet visit Israel in a move to upgrade bilateral relations ](/news/2008/03/17/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-and-half-of-her-cabinet-visit-israel-in-a-move-to-upgrade-bilateral-relations.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Chancellor, German, Israel_
2. [ Late 2000s recession: German Chancellor Angela Merkel announces a EUR50-billion economic stimulus package. ](/news/2009/01/13/late-2000s-recession-p-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-announces-a-a-50-billion-economic-stimulus-package.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Chancellor, German_
3. [ In Berlin, Germany, Europe's largest train station, Berlin Hauptbahnhof, is opened by Chancellor Angela Merkel, Deutsche Bahn Chairman Hartmut Mehdorn and Industrial Commissioner of the European Union Gunter Verheugen. The station is the hub of routes from Stockholm to Rome and Paris to Moscow. 1,200 trains will depart and arrive every day. The station is expected to have cost EUR800 million.  ](/news/2006/05/26/in-berlin-germany-europe-s-largest-train-station-berlin-hauptbahnhof-is-opened-by-chancellor-angela-merkel-deutsche-bahn-chairman-hart.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Chancellor, German_
4. [ The new Chancellor of Germany, Angela Merkel, goes to Paris, France for her first foreign trip in office. Some observers see this as a signal that intra-European affairs will be a high priority. ](/news/2005/11/23/the-new-chancellor-of-germany-angela-merkel-goes-to-paris-france-for-her-first-foreign-trip-in-office-some-observers-see-this-as-a-sign.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Chancellor, German_
5. [ Germany: Conferences of the CDU, CSU and SPD approve a coalition deal that will see Angela Merkel become Chancellor on November 22. ](/news/2005/11/14/germany-conferences-of-the-cdu-csu-and-spd-approve-a-coalition-deal-that-will-see-angela-merkel-become-chancellor-on-november-22.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Chancellor, German_
6. [ Jerusalem/Israel: Horst Kohler, President of Germany, has a special audience in the Knesset, the highest chamber of Israel. Speaking in German, he says that Germany has to fight more aggressively against anti-semitism and far-right parties. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4229845.stm (BBC World)].](/news/2005/02/2/jerusalem-israel-horst-kaphler-president-of-germany-has-a-special-audience-in-the-knesset-the-highest-chamber-of-israel-speaking-in-ge.md) _Context: German, Israel, parliament in Israel_
7. [White House National Trade Council director Peter Navarro says Germany exploits other countries with a "grossly undervalued" euro. German Chancellor Angela Merkel rejects the allegation. ](/news/2017/01/31/white-house-national-trade-council-director-peter-navarro-says-germany-exploits-other-countries-with-a-grossly-undervalued-euro-german-ch.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German_
8. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel defends her stance regarding the European migrant crisis despite her party losing in the key election. ](/news/2016/09/6/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-defends-her-stance-regarding-the-european-migrant-crisis-despite-her-party-losing-in-the-key-election.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German_
9. [Israel's Supreme Court blocks the government's plan,  signed last December by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu with the U.S. Noble Energy and the Israeli Delek Group companies, to develop Israel's offshore gas deposits. The court found the so-called "stability clause,"  that would prevent Israel from making significant regulatory changes for the next 10 years, undemocratically restricts the Knesset's power. The government has one year  to come up with an alternative arrangement or the plan will be canceled. ](/news/2016/03/27/israel-s-supreme-court-blocks-the-government-s-plan-signed-last-december-by-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-with-the-u-s-noble-energy-a.md) _Context: Israel, parliament in Israel_
10. [On the eve of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) party's convention in Karlsruhe, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel says, "We want to noticeably reduce the number of people who come to us, but not through unilateral national measures alone."   She acknowledges the crisis could overwhelm Germany if it went on much longer. Merkel  warded off pressure from immigration skeptics within the CDU to include a quota in the refugee policy motion the convention will  vote on.  ](/news/2015/12/13/on-the-eve-of-the-christian-democratic-union-cdu-party-s-convention-in-karlsruhe-chancellor-of-germany-angela-merkel-says-we-want-to-no.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German_
