### [2015-04-19](/news/2015/04/19/index.md)

# The Maltese Navy and Italian Coast Guard are mounting a rescue operation for a boat that capsized between Libya and Italy with up to 700 people aboard. 

Boat with up to 700 migrants on board capsizes, only 28 survivors reported&nbsp;&nbsp;&bull;&nbsp;24 corpses to be brought to Malta&nbsp;&nbsp;&bull;&nbsp;&nbsp;EU foreign ministers to convene to discuss Mediterranean migration issue tomorrow&nbsp;&nbsp;&bull; Maltese, Italian, Greek PMs urge EU to take action&nbsp;&nbsp;&bull; EC President says EU has a &amp;#39;moral obligation to act&amp;#39;.&nbsp;


### Source:

1. [Malta Today](http://www.maltatoday.com.mt/news/national/51977/boat_with_an_estimated_650_migrants_on_board_capsizes#.VTNvXiGeDRZ)

### Related:

1. [Nine people die as a boat carrying people to Italy capsizes off the coast of Libya. The Italian coast guard rescues 144 people. ](/news/2015/04/13/nine-people-die-as-a-boat-carrying-people-to-italy-capsizes-off-the-coast-of-libya-the-italian-coast-guard-rescues-144-people.md) _Context: Italian, Italian Coast Guard, Libya_
2. [The Italian Coast Guard reports that at least 20 migrants are killed when their 500-passenger boat capsizes in the Mediterranean Sea off Libya's coast. About 1,700 people have been rescued in 15 operations since Tuesday. ](/news/2017/05/24/the-italian-coast-guard-reports-that-at-least-20-migrants-are-killed-when-their-500-passenger-boat-capsizes-in-the-mediterranean-sea-off-lib.md) _Context: Italian Coast Guard, Libya_
3. [An Italian prosecutor says there are "telephone calls" between people smugglers in Libya and some non-governmental organizations. Frontex, the European Border and Coast Guard Agency, says the practices amount to a "taxi service". One NGO says "more would die" if they were not there. ](/news/2017/04/23/an-italian-prosecutor-says-there-are-telephone-calls-between-people-smugglers-in-libya-and-some-non-governmental-organizations-frontex-t.md) _Context: Italian, Libya_
4. [The Spanish-based Proactiva Open Arms NGO rescues more than 700 migrants in the Mediterranean Sea about 17 miles north of Sabratha, Libya. The rescued, who are from Nigeria, are transferred to the Italian Coast Guard. ](/news/2016/08/28/the-spanish-based-proactiva-open-arms-ngo-rescues-more-than-700-migrants-in-the-mediterranean-sea-about-17-miles-north-of-sabratha-libya-t.md) _Context: Italian Coast Guard, Libya_
5. [According to survivors, at least 70 migrants are missing after their dinghy sank off the coast of Libya. 26 people were rescued by the Italian coast guard. ](/news/2016/04/30/according-to-survivors-at-least-70-migrants-are-missing-after-their-dinghy-sank-off-the-coast-of-libya-26-people-were-rescued-by-the-itali.md) _Context: Italian Coast Guard, Libya_
6. [A Libyan spokesperson says two Italian hostages are freed by local fighters from Islamic State custody in Sabratha, Libya. He also confirms that two other Italian hostages were recently killed during local forces clashes with IS militants. ](/news/2016/03/4/a-libyan-spokesperson-says-two-italian-hostages-are-freed-by-local-fighters-from-islamic-state-custody-in-sabratha-libya-he-also-confirms.md) _Context: Italian, Libya_
7. [Italy rescues thousands of refugees in the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Libya. ](/news/2015/09/19/italy-rescues-thousands-of-refugees-in-the-mediterranean-sea-off-the-coast-of-libya.md) _Context: Italian, Libya_
8. [The Italian Corps of the Port Captaincies - Coast Guard and Irish Navy rescue 367 people as a boat carrying migrants founders off the coast of Libya with 25 people dying. ](/news/2015/08/5/the-italian-corps-of-the-port-captaincies-a-coast-guard-and-irish-navy-rescue-367-people-as-a-boat-carrying-migrants-founders-off-the-coas.md) _Context: Italian Coast Guard, Libya_
9. [A Swedish rescue crew finds 51 dead migrants in the hold of a boat off the coast of Libya during a rescue operation in the Mediterranean Sea that has saved 439 other people. In addition, three women are found dead in another migrant boat and another corpse is found during ten rescue operations on Wednesday that have saved around 3,000 people, according to the Italian coast guard. ](/news/2015/08/26/a-swedish-rescue-crew-finds-51-dead-migrants-in-the-hold-of-a-boat-off-the-coast-of-libya-during-a-rescue-operation-in-the-mediterranean-sea.md) _Context: Italian Coast Guard, Libya_
10. [The Italian Coast Guard states that at least 17 people have died and 4,200 have been rescued in the Mediterranean Sea attempting to travel to Europe in the past 24 hours. Ships from nations including Italy, Republic of Ireland, Germany, Belgium and the United Kingdom have been involved in rescue efforts. ](/news/2015/05/30/the-italian-coast-guard-states-that-at-least-17-people-have-died-and-4-200-have-been-rescued-in-the-mediterranean-sea-attempting-to-travel-t.md) _Context: Italian, Italian Coast Guard_
