### [2007-03-22](/news/2007/03/22/index.md)

#  Former U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations John R. Bolton claims the United States deliberately resisted calls for an immediate ceasefire during the 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/6479377.stm)

### Related:

1. [ John R. Bolton, the United States Ambassador to the United Nations, claims that United States diplomat Josette Shiner has been selected to head the United Nations World Food Programme. ](/news/2006/11/7/john-r-bolton-the-united-states-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-claims-that-united-states-diplomat-josette-shiner-has-been-selected-to.md) _Context: Ambassador to the United Nations, John R. Bolton, United States_
2. [The United States Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power abstains from voting in a 14-0 Security Council decision condemning Israeli settlement of the Palestinian territories. ](/news/2016/12/23/the-united-states-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-samantha-power-abstains-from-voting-in-a-14a0-security-council-decision-condemning-isra.md) _Context: Ambassador to the United Nations, United States_
3. [U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power says the United States is investigating reports that Iran launched a medium-range ballistic missile in November, and if confirmed, will bring the issue to the U.N. Security Council and seek appropriate action. ](/news/2015/12/8/u-s-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-samantha-power-says-the-united-states-is-investigating-reports-that-iran-launched-a-medium-range-balli.md) _Context: Ambassador to the United Nations, United States_
4. [Venezuela ends its rapprochement with the United States due to a statement by Samantha Power, nominated to become the United States Ambassador to the United Nations. ](/news/2013/07/20/venezuela-ends-its-rapprochement-with-the-united-states-due-to-a-statement-by-samantha-power-nominated-to-become-the-united-states-ambassad.md) _Context: Ambassador to the United Nations, United States_
5. [The United States vetoes a United Nations Security Council resolution aimed at stopping Israeli airstrikes against Gaza. UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and the United Kingdom, European Union, Russia, France, and China all call for a ceasefire. ](/news/2008/12/28/the-united-states-vetoes-a-united-nations-security-council-resolution-aimed-at-stopping-israeli-airstrikes-against-gaza-un-secretary-genera.md) _Context: United States, ceasefire_
6. [ Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-parliament-and-others-clap-and-give-a-standing-ova.md) _Context: Ambassador to the United Nations, United States_
7. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: United States_
8. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: United States_
9. [The United States stops giving out visas to high ranking officials of Cambodia, Eritrea, Guinea and Sierra Leone for failing to accept deportations. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-stops-giving-out-visas-to-high-ranking-officials-of-cambodia-eritrea-guinea-and-sierra-leone-for-failing-to-accept-depor.md) _Context: United States_
10. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pelosi.md) _Context: United States_
