### [2008-09-6](/news/2008/09/6/index.md)

#  Tropical Storm Hanna makes landfall in the United States on the border between North Carolina and South Carolina. [http:--www.theage.com.au-world-hanna-hits-us-coast-20080906-4az3.html?page=-1 (AFP via the "Melbourne Age")] Hurricane Ike reaches Category 4 strength as it prepares to hit Turks and Caicos. [http:--ap.google.com-article-ALeqM5g918hbtK02_PM8gtnv_-6UZu8yEAD931FDUG0 (AP via Google News)]date=October 2012




### Related:

1. [Hurricane Matthew moves towards the United States with hundreds of thousands of people being evacuated from the states of Florida and South Carolina. ](/news/2016/10/6/hurricane-matthew-moves-towards-the-united-states-with-hundreds-of-thousands-of-people-being-evacuated-from-the-states-of-florida-and-south.md) _Context: American, South Carolina_
2. [The death toll in the United States from Hurricane Matthew rises to 27 with at least five people still missing in North Carolina. Governor Pat McCrory warns that the state's swollen rivers are still rising with flooding continuing to pose threats to life and property this week. The storm, downgraded to a post-tropical cyclone yesterday, moves away from the U.S. coastline on an east-northeast track. ](/news/2016/10/10/the-death-toll-in-the-united-states-from-hurricane-matthew-rises-to-27-with-at-least-five-people-still-missing-in-north-carolina-governor-p.md) _Context: American, North Carolina_
3. [The U.S. states of North Carolina and Virginia declare a state of emergency over gas shortages as a result of the Colonial pipeline leak in Shelby County, Alabama. ](/news/2016/09/19/the-u-s-states-of-north-carolina-and-virginia-declare-a-state-of-emergency-over-gas-shortages-as-a-result-of-the-colonial-pipeline-leak-in.md) _Context: American, North Carolina_
4. [The United States Education and Justice Departments advise U.S. public school districts across the country to allow transgender students to use the bathrooms that match their gender identity, rather than their gender at birth. The new guidance comes as Justice and North Carolina battle in federal court over the state's new so-called bathroom bill. ](/news/2016/05/13/the-united-states-education-and-justice-departments-advise-u-s-public-school-districts-across-the-country-to-allow-transgender-students-to.md) _Context: American, North Carolina_
5. [A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carolina.md) _Context: American, North Carolina_

### Changes:

1. [ Tropical Storm Hanna makes landfall in the United States on the border between North Carolina and South Carolina. [http:--www.theage.com.au-world-hanna-hits-us-coast-20080906-4az3.html?page=-1 (AFP via the ''Melbourne Age'')] Hurricane Ike reaches Category 4 strength as it prepares to hit Turks and Caicos. [http:--ap.google.com-article-ALeqM5g918hbtK02_PM8gtnv_-6UZu8yEAD931FDUG0 (AP via Google News)]date=October 2012](/news/2008/09/6/tropical-storm-hanna-makes-landfall-in-the-united-states-on-the-border-between-north-carolina-and-south-carolina-http-www-theage-com-a.md) _2017-08-25 03:22:49 (First version)_
2. [ 2008 Atlantic hurricane season: Tropical Storm Hanna makes landfall in the United States on the border between North Carolina and South Carolina. [http:--www.theage.com.au-world-hanna-hits-us-coast-20080906-4az3.html?page=-1 (AFP via the "Melbourne Age")]: Hurricane Ike reaches Category 4 strength as it prepares to hit Turks and Caicos. [http:--ap.google.com-article-ALeqM5g918hbtK02_PM8gtnv_-6UZu8yEAD931FDUG0 (AP via Google News)]date=October 2012](/news/2008/09/6/2008-atlantic-hurricane-season-tropical-storm-hanna-makes-landfall-in-the-united-states-on-the-border-between-north-carolina-and-south-car.md) _2017-08-27 03:22:42 (Update)_
2. [ Tropical Storm Hanna makes landfall in the United States on the border between North Carolina and South Carolina. [http:--www.theage.com.au-world-hanna-hits-us-coast-20080906-4az3.html?page=-1 (AFP via the "Melbourne Age")] Hurricane Ike reaches Category 4 strength as it prepares to hit Turks and Caicos. [http:--ap.google.com-article-ALeqM5g918hbtK02_PM8gtnv_-6UZu8yEAD931FDUG0 (AP via Google News)]date=October 2012](/news/2008/09/6/tropical-storm-hanna-makes-landfall-in-the-united-states-on-the-border-between-north-carolina-and-south-carolina-http-www-theage-com-au.md) _(Current version)_
