### [2015-08-10](/news/2015/08/10/index.md)

# ISIL claims responsibility for a bombing in central Iraqi city of Baquba that killed at least 30 people and injured 40 more. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/08/10/middleeast/isis-iraq-violence/index.html?eref=edition)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Government forces enter Raqqa province, the joint capital of Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. It is one of three simultaneous attacks in Iraq and Syria.  ](/news/2016/06/4/syrian-government-forces-enter-raqqa-province-the-joint-capital-of-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-it-is-one-of-three-simultaneous-at.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant_
2. [ISIS claims responsibility for the deaths of two Syrian refugee activists who fled to Sanliurfa, Turkey, raising concerns about the group's reach in countries outside of Syria and Iraq. Ibrahim Abdel Qader, a founder of Raqqa Is Being Slaughtered Silently, and Fares Hammadi are said to have been killed by an acquaintance posing as a defector from ISIS. ](/news/2015/11/3/isis-claims-responsibility-for-the-deaths-of-two-syrian-refugee-activists-who-fled-to-sanliurfa-turkey-raising-concerns-about-the-groupa.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant_
3. [United States Defense Secretary Ashton Carter says the U.S. will begin "direct action on the ground" against the ISIL forces in Iraq and Syria, aiming to intensify pressure on the militants as progress against the militants remains elusive. The U.S. has done some special operations raids in Syria, e.g., last week's rescue operation with Kurdish forces in northern Iraq to free hostages held by ISIL. Carter also said the U.S. would intensify the air campaign against ISIL with heavier airstrikes and will focus on Raqqa, the group's declared capital in Syria.  ](/news/2015/10/27/united-states-defense-secretary-ashton-carter-says-the-u-s-will-begin-direct-action-on-the-ground-against-the-isil-forces-in-iraq-and-syr.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant_
4. [Iraq says that Iran, Russia and Syria are assisting it in its fight with the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2015/09/26/iraq-says-that-iran-russia-and-syria-are-assisting-it-in-its-fight-with-the-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant_
5. [The Governor of Iraq's Anbar Governorate estimates that 500 people were killed and 8000 fled as ISIS captured the strategically important city of Ramadi. ](/news/2015/05/18/the-governor-of-iraq-s-anbar-governorate-estimates-that-500-people-were-killed-and-8000-fled-as-isis-captured-the-strategically-important-ci.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Islamic State releases a video showing the execution of three Kurdish peshmerga fighters in northern Iraq with threats to execute dozens more. ](/news/2015/03/20/islamic-state-releases-a-video-showing-the-execution-of-three-kurdish-peshmerga-fighters-in-northern-iraq-with-threats-to-execute-dozens-mor.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Iraqi officials claim that ISIL have shot down a military helicopter near Samarra, killing both pilots. ](/news/2014/12/13/iraqi-officials-claim-that-isil-have-shot-down-a-military-helicopter-near-samarra-killing-both-pilots.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant:Over 300 members of the Sunni Albu Nimr tribe are executed by ISIS militants in Anbar Province, western Iraq. ](/news/2014/11/2/islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-pover-300-members-of-the-sunni-albu-nimr-tribe-are-executed-by-isis-militants-in-anbar-province-wester.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant_
9. [Timeline of the Iraqi insurgency (2014):The President of the United States Barack Obama authorises $25 million for "immediate military assistance" to the Iraqi government and Kurdistan Regional Government. He also outlines plans to expand US operations against Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant to Syria in a televised address to the nation. ](/news/2014/09/10/timeline-of-the-iraqi-insurgency-2014-pthe-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-authorises-25-million-for-immediate-military-assi.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant_
10. [The Prime Minister of Iraq Nouri al-Maliki confirms that the Syrian Air Force bombed Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant positions in Iraq earlier in the week. ](/news/2014/06/26/the-prime-minister-of-iraq-nouri-al-maliki-confirms-that-the-syrian-air-force-bombed-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-positions-in-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant_
