### [2015-08-10](/news/2015/08/10/index.md)

# War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A suicide bomb blast kills at least five people at the entrance to the Kabul International Airport. The Taliban claim responsibility. 

A Taliban suicide bomber attacks a checkpoint near the entrance to the international airport in the Afghan capital Kabul, killing five people.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-33845326)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A car bomb near Kabul's Hamid Karzai International Airport, that was targeting a NATO convoy passing through the area, kills one civilian and injures 33 others. The Taliban claim responsibility. ](/news/2015/12/28/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-car-bomb-near-kabul-s-hamid-karzai-international-airport-that-was-targeting-a-nato-convoy-passing-th.md) _Context: Kabul International Airport, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A suicide bomber targets a foreign forces convoy in the Joy Shir area of Kabul. Taliban insurgents claim responsibility. A statement from Afghanistan's Interior Ministry reported at least three civilians were wounded. There are no report of casualties among the foreign forces. ](/news/2015/10/11/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bomber-targets-a-foreign-forces-convoy-in-the-joy-shir-area-of-kabul-taliban-insurgents-clai.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present), suicide bomber_
3. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A suicide bomber attacks a convoy in Afghanistan's Kabul province, killing a Georgian soldier and three civilians and wounding 13 others, including six Resolute Support personnel. ](/news/2017/08/3/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-convoy-in-afghanistan-s-kabul-province-killing-a-georgian-soldier-and-three.md) _Context: War in Afghanistan (2015-present), suicide bomber_
4. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): An Afghan soldier kills 3 U.S. troops and injures 1 other in Achin, Nangarhar Province. The Taliban claims responsibility, saying the Afghan soldier was one of several Taliban infiltrators in the Afghan Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/06/10/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-an-afghan-soldier-kills-3-u-s-troops-and-injures-1-other-in-achin-nangarhar-province-the-taliban-cla.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
5. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Taliban militants attack an Afghan National Army base in Shah Wali Kot District, Kandahar Province, killing at least 15 soldiers. ](/news/2017/05/26/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-taliban-militants-attack-an-afghan-national-army-base-in-shah-wali-kot-district-kandahar-province-kil.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A Taliban raid kills at least 20 Afghan police officers in southern Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/05/21/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-taliban-raid-kills-at-least-20-afghan-police-officers-in-southern-afghanistan.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
7. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Russian Special Envoy to Afghanistan Zamir Kabulov denies allegations by NATO Commander Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti that Russia was "perhaps" supplying the Taliban. ](/news/2017/03/24/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-russian-special-envoy-to-afghanistan-zamir-kabulov-denies-allegations-by-nato-commander-gen-curtis-sca.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
8. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Taliban insurgents seize control of the strategic town of Sangin in the southern Helmand Province after a year-long battle with Afghan security forces. ](/news/2017/03/23/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-taliban-insurgents-seize-control-of-the-strategic-town-of-sangin-in-the-southern-helmand-province-after.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): At least 16 people were killed and 40 more wounded after two suicide bombers attacked Kabul. The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attacks. ](/news/2017/03/1/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-at-least-16-people-were-killed-and-40-more-wounded-after-two-suicide-bombers-attacked-kabul-the-taliba.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
10. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): According to Afghan Police, eight of their forces have been killed by the Taliban at a checkpoint in Faryab Province. ](/news/2017/02/3/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-according-to-afghan-police-eight-of-their-forces-have-been-killed-by-the-taliban-at-a-checkpoint-in-fa.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
