### [2004-07-16](/news/2004/07/16/index.md)

#  A United Nations tribunal trying the alleged masterminds of Rwanda's 1994 genocide convicts former finance minister Emmanuel Ndindabahizi on three counts of genocide and crimes against humanity, sentencing him to life in prison.




### Related:

1. [United Nations officials announce the creation of a new team in Geneva to investigate possible war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide during the Syrian Civil War in order to prepare for future prosecutions of those responsible. ](/news/2017/02/16/united-nations-officials-announce-the-creation-of-a-new-team-in-geneva-to-investigate-possible-war-crimes-crimes-against-humanity-and-genoc.md) _Context: United Nations, crimes against humanity, genocide_
2. [A French court sentences two former Rwandan mayors of the town of Kabarondo to life in prison on charges of crimes against humanity and genocide committed during the Rwandan Genocide in 1994. During the genocide, Hutu extremists massacred over 2,000 Tutsi who sought refuge in the town. ](/news/2016/07/7/a-french-court-sentences-two-former-rwandan-mayors-of-the-town-of-kabarondo-to-life-in-prison-on-charges-of-crimes-against-humanity-and-geno.md) _Context: Rwanda, crimes against humanity, genocide_
3. [Rwanda withdraws a threat to remove its peacekeepers from Darfur after a United Nations report accused the Rwandan army of genocide in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2010/09/27/rwanda-withdraws-a-threat-to-remove-its-peacekeepers-from-darfur-after-a-united-nations-report-accused-the-rwandan-army-of-genocide-in-the-d.md) _Context: Rwanda, United Nations, genocide_
4. [A draft United Nations report says crimes by the Rwandan army and allied rebels in Democratic Republic of the Congo during the Second Congo War could be classified as genocide. ](/news/2010/08/27/a-draft-united-nations-report-says-crimes-by-the-rwandan-army-and-allied-rebels-in-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-during-the-second-congo.md) _Context: Rwanda, United Nations, genocide_
5. [ Japan pledges over $21M in support of a United Nations-backed independent tribunal of Khmer Rouge leaders in Cambodia. The proposed tribunal is for crimes against humanity. ](/news/2005/02/11/japan-pledges-over-21m-in-support-of-a-united-nations-backed-independent-tribunal-of-khmer-rouge-leaders-in-cambodia-the-proposed-tribuna.md) _Context: United Nations, crimes against humanity, tribunal_
6. [According to Myanmar's military, it has ended its "clearance operation" against the country's Rohingya minority in Rakhine State, which the United Nations says may amount to ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity. ](/news/2017/02/16/according-to-myanmar-s-military-it-has-ended-its-clearance-operation-against-the-country-s-rohingya-minority-in-rakhine-state-which-the.md) _Context: United Nations, crimes against humanity_
7. [A United Nations official accuses Myanmar of committing genocide against the Rohingya. ](/news/2016/11/24/a-united-nations-official-accuses-myanmar-of-committing-genocide-against-the-rohingya.md) _Context: United Nations, genocide_
8. [Russia vetoes a UN resolution that would have condemned the July 1995 Srebrenica massacre of more than 8,000 Bosniaks as a genocide. ](/news/2015/07/8/russia-vetoes-a-un-resolution-that-would-have-condemned-the-july-1995-srebrenica-massacre-of-more-than-8-000-bosniaks-as-a-genocide.md) _Context: United Nations, genocide_
9. [Cuba defends North Korea by circulating an amendment to a European-Japanese draft resolution recommending the referral of North Korea to the International Criminal Court for crimes against humanity. ](/news/2014/11/13/cuba-defends-north-korea-by-circulating-an-amendment-to-a-european-japanese-draft-resolution-recommending-the-referral-of-north-korea-to-the.md) _Context: United Nations, crimes against humanity_
10. [A United Nations expert panel reports that although the two governments deny it, Rwanda and Uganda continue to support the March 23 Movement. ](/news/2012/10/16/a-united-nations-expert-panel-reports-that-although-the-two-governments-deny-it-rwanda-and-uganda-continue-to-support-the-march-23-movement.md) _Context: Rwanda, United Nations_
