### [2008-10-10](/news/2008/10/10/index.md)

#  The Republic of China (Taiwan) celebrates its 97th National Anniversary on Double Ten Day, with its newly elected President Ma Ying-jeou. 

Taiwan will celebrate its “Double Ten” National Day today. On October 10, 1911, an uprising occurred in Wuchang, China. Provincial leaders then declared independence to topple the Qing Manchu Dynasty. The Republic of China was proclaimed on January 1, 1912.


### Source:

1. [The China Post](http://www.chinapost.com.tw/taiwan/national/national-news/2008/10/10/177969/Nation-marks.htm)

### Related:

1. [Voters in the Republic of China go to the polls for the 2012 presidential election. Incumbent President Ma Ying-jeou ultimately wins re-election with 51% of the vote, defeating Democratic Progressive Party chairwoman Tsai Ing-wen. ](/news/2012/01/14/voters-in-the-republic-of-china-go-to-the-polls-for-the-2012-presidential-election-incumbent-president-ma-ying-jeou-ultimately-wins-re-elec.md) _Context: Ma Ying-jeou, Taiwan_
2. [ China resumes diplomatic ties with SGBPo Tome and Principe two weeks after the African island nation broke diplomatic ties with Taiwan. ](/news/2016/12/26/china-resumes-diplomatic-ties-with-sagbpo-toma-c-and-prancipe-two-weeks-after-the-african-island-nation-broke-diplomatic-ties-with-taiwan.md) _Context: Taiwan_
3. [China-Taiwan Relations. China says Chinese passengers flying from the Chinese cities of Nanchang, Kunming, and Chongqing, will be allowed to stop at Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport before flying to a third destination. Taiwan President Ma Ying-jeou applauded this step toward normalizing relations between the two states. Taiwan's opposition party expressed concern that Beijing is trying to interfere with the country's January 16, 2016, presidential and legislative elections. ](/news/2016/01/5/china-taiwan-relations-china-says-chinese-passengers-flying-from-the-chinese-cities-of-nanchang-kunming-and-chongqing-will-be-allowed-to.md) _Context: Ma Ying-jeou_
4. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. The President of Taiwan Ma Ying-jeou visits Taiping Island, Taiwan's largest island in the South China Sea, despite the United States warning it could provoke diplomatic tensions with the People's Republic of China and other nations in the area. ](/news/2016/01/28/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-the-president-of-taiwan-ma-ying-jeou-visits-taiping-island-taiwan-s-largest-island-in-the-sout.md) _Context: Ma Ying-jeou_
5. [ Cross-Strait relations. 2015 Ma-Xi Meeting. Chinese President Xi Jinping and Taiwanese President Ma Ying-jeou meet in Singapore, the first meeting between a Chinese and Taiwanese leader since the Chinese Communist Revolution. ](/news/2015/11/7/cross-strait-relations-2015-ma-xi-meeting-chinese-president-xi-jinping-and-taiwanese-president-ma-ying-jeou-meet-in-singapore-the-firs.md) _Context: Ma Ying-jeou_
6. [ The Republic of China (Taiwan) holds a large military parade in Taipei to commemorate World War II in support of its claims that Kuomintang forces led by Chiang Kai-Shek played a leading role in the defeat of the Empire of Japan with the Chinese Communist Party under Mao Tse-Tung playing a minor role. ](/news/2015/07/4/the-republic-of-china-taiwan-holds-a-large-military-parade-in-taipei-to-commemorate-world-war-ii-in-support-of-its-claims-that-kuomintang.md) _Context: Taiwan_
7. [The President of Taiwan Ma Ying-jeou proposes a mechanism for resolving disputes in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/05/26/the-president-of-taiwan-ma-ying-jeou-proposes-a-mechanism-for-resolving-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea.md) _Context: Ma Ying-jeou_
8. [The Special Investigation Division of Taiwan initiates a review stemming from allegations that President Ma Ying-jeou has received illegal political donations from Ting Hsin International Group, a disgraced conglomerate at the center of the recent food scandal. ](/news/2014/12/26/the-special-investigation-division-of-taiwan-initiates-a-review-stemming-from-allegations-that-president-ma-ying-jeou-has-received-illegal-p.md) _Context: Ma Ying-jeou_
9. [A student protester hurls the book "Formosa Betrayed" at President Ma Ying-jeou of Taiwan and hits the president; the Presidential Office condemns the act of violence. ](/news/2014/09/28/a-student-protester-hurls-the-book-formosa-betrayed-at-president-ma-ying-jeou-of-taiwan-and-hits-the-president-the-presidential-office-co.md) _Context: Ma Ying-jeou_
10. [Senkaku Islands dispute:. Dozens of Taiwanese fishing boats set sail for the disputed Senkaku Islands which are also claimed by China and Japan. ](/news/2012/09/24/senkaku-islands-dispute-dozens-of-taiwanese-fishing-boats-set-sail-for-the-disputed-senkaku-islands-which-are-also-claimed-by-china-and-ja.md) _Context: Taiwan_
