### [2014-03-18](/news/2014/03/18/index.md)

# Protesters storm and occupy the Legislative Yuan in Taiwan due to a unilateral move by the Kuomintang that forces the Cross-Strait Service Trade Agreement to the legislative floor without giving it an item-by-item review. 




### Source:

1. [Focus Taiwan](http://focustaiwan.tw/news/aipl/201403180044.aspx)

### Related:

1. [Sunflower Student Movement in Taiwan:Protesters opposed to the vote of the Cross-Strait Trade Agreement without a clause-by-clause review continue to occupy the Taiwanese parliament.Protesters push to occupy the nearby Executive Yuan as well. ](/news/2014/03/23/sunflower-student-movement-in-taiwan-pprotesters-opposed-to-the-vote-of-the-cross-strait-trade-agreement-without-a-clause-by-clause-review-c.md) _Context: continue to occupy, legislative chamber, trade deal_
2. [Sunflower Student Movement in Taiwan:Since March 18th, protesters occupy the legislative chamber, opposing the vote without review of the Cross-Strait Service Trade Agreement, denouncing a agreement signed 'in a black box.'date=April 2014Between 116,000 and 500,000 protesters march to the Presidential Office, in opposition to recent governmental push for Cross-Strait Service Trade Agreement vote and other related issues. ](/news/2014/03/30/sunflower-student-movement-in-taiwan-psince-march-18th-protesters-occupy-the-legislative-chamber-opposing-the-vote-without-review-of-the-c.md) _Context: legislative chamber, trade deal_
3. [ Republic of China legislative election, 2008: The Kuomintang (KMT) and its coalition allies win a landslide victory over the Democratic Progressive Party, garnering 86 of 113 seats in the Legislative Yuan. ](/news/2008/01/12/republic-of-china-legislative-election-2008-the-kuomintang-kmt-and-its-coalition-allies-win-a-landslide-victory-over-the-democratic-pro.md) _Context: Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party), legislative chamber_
4. [ Ma Ying-jeou, the party chairman of the Kuomintang, resigns after being indicted by the Taiwan High Prosecutors Office on charges of embezzlement during his tenure as the mayor of Taipei. ](/news/2007/02/13/ma-ying-jeou-the-party-chairman-of-the-kuomintang-resigns-after-being-indicted-by-the-taiwan-high-prosecutors-office-on-charges-of-embezz.md) _Context: Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party), Taiwan_
5. [ A motion to vote on a bill opening the Three Links between mainland China and Taiwan is defeated for the third time in the Legislative Yuan of the Republic of China when a Democratic Progressive Party lawmaker tries to eat the written cloture motion. The opposition Pan-Blue Coalition controls the legislature and would have likely passed the bill. ](/news/2006/05/30/a-motion-to-vote-on-a-bill-opening-the-three-links-between-mainland-china-and-taiwan-is-defeated-for-the-third-time-in-the-legislative-yuan.md) _Context: Taiwan, legislative chamber_
6. [ President Chen Shui-bian says that the hundreds of missiles the People's Republic of China has aimed at Taiwan justifies holding a referendum on independence. The referendum bill recently passed by the Legislative Yuan only allows votes on sovereignty if the country is attacked by a foreign power. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/3252246.stm]](/news/2003/12/1/president-chen-shui-bian-says-that-the-hundreds-of-missiles-the-people-s-republic-of-china-has-aimed-at-taiwan-justifies-holding-a-referend.md) _Context: Taiwan, legislative chamber_
7. [After the Supreme Court rules in favor, same-sex-marriage is on its way to being legalized in Taiwan, the first country in Asia to do so. ](/news/2017/05/24/after-the-supreme-court-rules-in-favor-same-sex-marriage-is-on-its-way-to-being-legalized-in-taiwan-the-first-country-in-asia-to-do-so.md) _Context: Taiwan_
8. [A spokesman for the Taiwan Affairs Office of People's Republic of China says Taiwan is barred from observing this year's World Health Assembly because current President Tsai Ing-wen has not endorsed the Beijing view that both sides belong to a single China under the One-China policy; the spokesman further said that the health of people in Taiwan is not being put at risk by Taiwan's inability to attend. ](/news/2017/05/10/a-spokesman-for-the-taiwan-affairs-office-of-people-s-republic-of-china-says-taiwan-is-barred-from-observing-this-yearas-world-health-asse.md) _Context: Taiwan_
9. [At least 34 people are killed after a tour bus, carrying mostly local elderly tourists, overturns on a freeway in Taipei, Taiwan. ](/news/2017/02/13/at-least-34-people-are-killed-after-a-tour-bus-carrying-mostly-local-elderly-tourists-overturns-on-a-freeway-in-taipei-taiwan.md) _Context: Taiwan_
10. [Burkina Faso and Swaziland refuse to break relations with Taiwan and recognize the One-China policy despite being offered aid from China. ](/news/2017/01/25/burkina-faso-and-swaziland-refuse-to-break-relations-with-taiwan-and-recognize-the-one-china-policy-despite-being-offered-aid-from-china.md) _Context: Taiwan_
