### [2017-08-22](/news/2017/08/22/index.md)

# Ain al-Hilweh conflict: Renewed clashes between Islamist extremists and the Fatah-supported Joint Palestinian Security Force at the Ain al-Hilweh Palestinian refugees camp, near Sidon, Lebanon, wound three more Palestinians. 

Three Palestinians were wounded in renewed fighting in the refugee camp of Ain al-Hilweh Monday as rival factions ignored a cease-fire call by the head of the Palestinian National Security Forces in Lebanon, Gen. Sobhi Abou al-Arab, Palestinian sources said.


### Source:

1. [Daily Star](https://www.dailystar.com.lb/News/Lebanon-News/2017/Aug-22/416739-new-ain-al-hilweh-clashes-break-out.ashx)
2. [Naharnet](http://www.naharnet.com/stories/en/234451-ain-el-hilweh-rocked-by-fierce-clashes-for-sixth-day)

### Related:

1. [Ain al-Hilweh conflict: A ceasefire brings calm after heavy fighting between Fatah and extremists that left two people dead at the Palestinian refugees camp of Ain al-Hilweh, Lebanon. ](/news/2017/08/21/ain-al-hilweh-conflict-a-ceasefire-brings-calm-after-heavy-fighting-between-fatah-and-extremists-that-left-two-people-dead-at-the-palestini.md) _Context: Ain al-Hilweh, Ain al-Hilweh conflict, Fatah, Lebanon, Palestinian refugees_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Lebanon, Palestinians_
3. [ Hamas militants kill a Fatah member, and five other Palestinians are injured in a renewal of fighting between the two groups. ](/news/2007/06/7/hamas-militants-kill-a-fatah-member-and-five-other-palestinians-are-injured-in-a-renewal-of-fighting-between-the-two-groups.md) _Context: Fatah, Palestinians_
4. [ Hamas militants kill at least 16 Palestinians, including 2 UNRWA workers and 13 Fatah members, as clashes intensify in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2007/06/13/hamas-militants-kill-at-least-16-palestinians-including-2-unrwa-workers-and-13-fatah-members-as-clashes-intensify-in-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Fatah, Palestinians_
5. [ Palestinian civil skirmishes:: Five people have been killed and 12 injured after gun battles erupted between armed Palestinians loyal to Hamas and Fatah in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2006/12/19/palestinian-civil-skirmishes-five-people-have-been-killed-and-12-injured-after-gun-battles-erupted-between-armed-palestinians-loyal-to-ha.md) _Context: Fatah, Palestinians_
6. [ Interim Israeli Prime minister Ehud Olmert postpones until Sunday official discourse which would ban Palestinian movements between Gaza and the West Bank, bar Palestinians from working in Israel and stop transfer of $50 million tax receipts to the Palestinian Authority. All these measures, criticized by Israeli Labor Party leader Amir Peretz, follows the victory of Hamas over Fatah during the January 2006 legislative elections. ](/news/2006/02/17/interim-israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-postpones-until-sunday-official-discourse-which-would-ban-palestinian-movements-between-gaza-and.md) _Context: Fatah, Palestinians_
7. [June 2017 Jerusalem attack: In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/june-2017-jerusalem-attack-in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the.md) _Context: Palestinians_
8. [Palestinian prisoners of Israel: Hundreds of Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails - activists say up to 1,500 are participating - begin an open-ended hunger strike to protest poor conditions and the Israeli policy of detention without trial. ](/news/2017/04/17/palestinian-prisoners-of-israel-hundreds-of-palestinian-prisoners-in-israeli-jails-activists-say-up-to-1-500-are-participating-begi.md) _Context: Palestinians_
9. [March 2017 Israel-Syria incident: Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War: The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/march-2017-israel-syria-incident-israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-the-israeli-air-force-launches-se.md) _Context: Lebanon_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Hebron shooting incident: Following last month's manslaughter conviction, Israeli soldier Elor Azaria is sentenced to 18 months in prison by a military court for, during a violent incident, his deadly shooting of the wounded, unarmed, prone Palestinian Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, who had stabbed a soldier last March in Hebron. ](/news/2017/02/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hebron-shooting-incident-following-last-month-s-manslaughter-conviction-israeli-soldier-elor-azaria-is-sen.md) _Context: Palestinians_
