### [2017-08-22](/news/2017/08/22/index.md)

# Viacom International Media Networks has announced it will no longer pursue a Nickelodeon underwater theme park and resort in Palawan, Philippines. The project, announced last January, attracted controversy due to criticisms from environmentalist groups who fear the resort might destroy the area's marine eocsystem, home to two UNESCO World Heritage sites. 

Viacom International Media Networks (VIMN) will no longer pursue the controversial Nickelodeon theme park in Palawan. 


### Source:

1. [ABS-CBN News](https://news.abs-cbn.com/business/08/22/17/viacom-withdraws-from-nickelodeon-project-in-palawan)

### Related:

1. [Environmentalists and netizens protest the planned construction of a Nickelodeon-themed underwater amusement park and resort by Viacom International Media Networks in Coron, Palawan, Philippines, despite claims by Viacom that the project would advocate marine resources conservation. ](/news/2017/01/11/environmentalists-and-netizens-protest-the-planned-construction-of-a-nickelodeon-themed-underwater-amusement-park-and-resort-by-viacom-inter.md) _Context: Nickelodeon, Philippines, Viacom International Media Networks_
2. [Over 1,000 people in the Philippines are stranded temporarily by Severe Tropical Storm Linfa (Egay) as landslides occur in Palawan province. ](/news/2015/07/5/over-1-000-people-in-the-philippines-are-stranded-temporarily-by-severe-tropical-storm-linfa-egay-as-landslides-occur-in-palawan-province.md) _Context: Palawan, Philippines_
3. [Holy Trinity University, Puerto Princesa, Philippines has been named as a new center to research ancient Palawan man, Tabon Caves, and large sculptures found along Palawan's coast. ](/news/2015/07/17/holy-trinity-university-puerto-princesa-philippines-has-been-named-as-a-new-center-to-research-ancient-palawan-man-tabon-caves-and-large.md) _Context: Palawan, Philippines_
4. [  Spratly Islands:  The Governor of the Philippine state of Palawan has sent Philippine soldiers to take possession of the uninhabited oil-rich Spratly Islands, which are claimed by the Philippines, Brunei, the People's Republic of China, Malaysia, the Republic of China (Taiwan), and Vietnam.](/news/2002/09/23/spratly-islands-the-governor-of-the-philippine-state-of-palawan-has-sent-philippine-soldiers-to-take-possession-of-the-uninhabited-oil-r.md) _Context: Palawan, Philippines_
5. [A Philippine Air Force GAF Nomad experiences possible engine trouble after takeoff from Cagayancillo Airport on Cagayancillo off Palawan in the Philippines. Its pilot attempts to return to the airport, but the plane overshoots the runway and crashes into the Sulu Sea, killing 11 of the 12 people on board. Philippine governor Salvatore Socrates and Philippine Air Force Major General Santiago Madrid are among the dead.](/news/2000/07/2/a-philippine-air-force-gaf-nomad-experiences-possible-engine-trouble-after-takeoff-from-cagayancillo-airport-on-cagayancillo-off-palawan-in.md) _Context: Palawan, Philippines_
6. [The Pentagon is considering conducting airstrikes in Marawi, which if approved would later put U.S. troops on the ground to battle the ISIS-affiliated Maute group as well as related Islamist terror groups. A spokesperson later denied the claims as well as clarified that the Philippines has yet to make a request. ](/news/2017/08/8/the-pentagon-is-considering-conducting-airstrikes-in-marawi-which-if-approved-would-later-put-u-s-troops-on-the-ground-to-battle-the-isis.md) _Context: Philippines_
7. [After the murder of Kian Loyd delos Santos, a 17-year old student, in the campaign against drugs in the Philippines, thousands of marchers protest in EDSA heeding calls from the Philippine Catholic Church to criticize the drug war. ](/news/2017/08/21/after-the-murder-of-kian-loyd-delos-santos-a-17-year-old-student-in-the-campaign-against-drugs-in-the-philippines-thousands-of-marchers-p.md) _Context: Philippines_
8. [The Philippine Catholic Church condemns the killings in the Philippines after anger erupts due to the death of 17-year old Kian Loyd delos Santos.](/news/2017/08/20/the-philippine-catholic-church-condemns-the-killings-in-the-philippines-after-anger-erupts-due-to-the-death-of-17-year-old-kian-loyd-delos-s.md) _Context: Philippines_
9. [At least 32 people are killed in a series of police raids near Manila, Philippines, allegedly due to the ongoing drug war. ](/news/2017/08/16/at-least-32-people-are-killed-in-a-series-of-police-raids-near-manila-philippines-allegedly-due-to-the-ongoing-drug-war.md) _Context: Philippines_
10. [According to the United Nations, the Philippines has the largest increase in HIV/AIDS in the Asia Pacific region with about a 140% increase in cases from 2010 until 2016 possibly causing a 'national emergency.' ](/news/2017/08/1/according-to-the-united-nations-the-philippines-has-the-largest-increase-in-hiv-aids-in-the-asia-pacific-region-with-about-a-140-increase.md) _Context: Philippines_
