### [2012-07-23](/news/2012/07/23/index.md)

# Forest fires in Catalonia, Spain kill four people, with fires also in France, Portugal and Romania. 

A protected forest in Romania&#8217;s Bucegi mountains, at some 1,700 m altitude, has been burning since the middle of July, but it took authorities more than a week to learn about the fire and intervene. Two helicopters from the Interior Minister will try to put out the fire on Monday (July 23), with two more


### Source:

1. [EuroNews](http://www.euronews.com/newswires/1593636-fires-kill-3-rage-on-in-girona-in-northern-spain/)
2. [Romania Insider](http://www.romania-insider.com/protected-forest-in-romanian-mountains-keeps-burning-while-authorities-struggle-to-put-out-fire/61288/)

### Related:

1. [BIA 10-2474. One person is brain dead and five people are critically ill in Rennes, France, from a clinical trial of an experimental drug made by Portuguese drug company Bial. The six men, aged 28 to 49, had been in good health prior to the start of this test. All trials on the drug are suspended. ](/news/2016/01/15/bia-10-2474-one-person-is-brain-dead-and-five-people-are-critically-ill-in-rennes-france-from-a-clinical-trial-of-an-experimental-drug-ma.md) _Context: France, Portugal_
2. [Tropical cyclone effects in Europe. The remnants of former Tropical Storm Henri combines with another storm in western Europe to cause heavy rains and possible floods in the United Kingdom, France, Spain and Portugal. ](/news/2015/09/16/tropical-cyclone-effects-in-europe-the-remnants-of-former-tropical-storm-henri-combines-with-another-storm-in-western-europe-to-cause-heavy.md) _Context: France, Portugal_
3. [2013 mass surveillance scandal. Bolivia summons the ambassadors of France, Spain and Portugal to explain why their countries blocked President Evo Morales' official jet "en route" to land on the Eurozone last week, amid orders to be searched if Edward Snowden was on board. ](/news/2013/07/8/2013-mass-surveillance-scandal-bolivia-summons-the-ambassadors-of-france-spain-and-portugal-to-explain-why-their-countries-blocked-preside.md) _Context: France, Portugal_
4. [NSA spying scandal. Bolivian president Evo Morales calls the Eurozone for a violation of international law and threatens to close down the U.S. embassy in Bolivia after the episode of having his official airplane being refused to land "en route" to Vienna, amid suspicions of having former NSA employee Edward Snowden on board. Ambassadors of France, Italy, Spain and Portugal are summoned to give full explanations.](/news/2013/07/5/nsa-spying-scandal-bolivian-president-evo-morales-calls-the-eurozone-for-a-violation-of-international-law-and-threatens-to-close-down-the-u.md) _Context: France, Portugal_
5. [Moody's Investors Service downgrades the credit ratings of several European Union members including Italy, Malta, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain and issues a negative outlook for the ratings of Austria, France and the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/02/13/moody-s-investors-service-downgrades-the-credit-ratings-of-several-european-union-members-including-italy-malta-portugal-slovakia-sloven.md) _Context: France, Portugal_
6. [European sovereign debt crisis:. The Standard & Poor's credit rating agency lowers its long-term credit ratings on the eurozone countries of Cyprus, Italy, Portugal, and Spain by two notches each and Austria, France, Malta, Slovakia, and Slovenia by one notch each. ](/news/2012/01/13/european-sovereign-debt-crisis-the-standard-poor-s-credit-rating-agency-lowers-its-long-term-credit-ratings-on-the-eurozone-countries-of.md) _Context: France, Portugal_
7. [Four European nations (the United Kingdom, France, Germany and Portugal) circulate a draft United Nations Security Council resolution condemning the Government of Syria for its recent crackdown on protesters. ](/news/2011/08/2/four-european-nations-the-united-kingdom-france-germany-and-portugal-circulate-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-condem.md) _Context: France, Portugal_
8. [G20 summit. Leaders from Germany, France and the United Kingdom hold an emergency meeting at the 2010 G-20 Seoul summit after panic selling of Irish debt spreads to Spain and Portugal. ](/news/2010/11/12/g20-summit-leaders-from-germany-france-and-the-united-kingdom-hold-an-emergency-meeting-at-the-2010-g-20-seoul-summit-after-panic-selling.md) _Context: France, Portugal_
9. [France's government begins to deport thousands of Romani people, who are mainly from Romania and Bulgaria; Romania fears this will lead to xenophobic tensions. ](/news/2010/08/19/france-s-government-begins-to-deport-thousands-of-romani-people-who-are-mainly-from-romania-and-bulgaria-romania-fears-this-will-lead-to-x.md) _Context: France, Romania_
10. [ Five people are arrested in France and Romania as a result of an investigation into the killing of Brahim Deby, a son of the President of Chad Idriss Deby. ](/news/2008/11/28/five-people-are-arrested-in-france-and-romania-as-a-result-of-an-investigation-into-the-killing-of-brahim-deby-a-son-of-the-president-of-c.md) _Context: France, Romania_
