### [2012-07-23](/news/2012/07/23/index.md)

# Hamburg-Koln-Express, the second open-access train operating company to challenge market leader Deutsche Bahn AG for its lucrative long-distance business, launches a route in Germany connecting the northern city of Hamburg with Cologne in the west. 

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/us-backed-firm-enters-german-rail-passenger-market-16837834#.UA2KRmEe6So)

### Related:

1. [2017 G20 Hamburg summit. Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/2017-g20-hamburg-summit-leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-presi.md) _Context: Hamburg_
2. [2017 Hamburg attack. One person is killed and four others are injured in a knife attack in an Edeka supermarket in Barmbek in the German city of Hamburg. Mayor Olaf Scholz said the attack was motivated by "hate". The attacker is reported to have shouted "Allahu Akbar" before attacking. ](/news/2017/07/28/2017-hamburg-attack-one-person-is-killed-and-four-others-are-injured-in-a-knife-attack-in-an-edeka-supermarket-in-barmbek-in-the-german-cit.md) _Context: Hamburg_
3. [Thousands of German riot police are deployed to control protesters opposing the Alternative for Germany at the party's conference in Cologne. ](/news/2017/04/22/thousands-of-german-riot-police-are-deployed-to-control-protesters-opposing-the-alternative-for-germany-at-the-party-s-conference-in-cologne.md) _Context: Cologne_
4. [German police storm a refugee center in Hamburg after a knife-wielding man barricades himself in a room with a pregnant woman believed to be his partner. The man was injured before he was arrested. ](/news/2017/02/28/german-police-storm-a-refugee-center-in-hamburg-after-a-knife-wielding-man-barricades-himself-in-a-room-with-a-pregnant-woman-believed-to-be.md) _Context: Hamburg_
5. [ The Elbphilharmonie concert hall in Hamburg, Germany is officially inaugurated with light shows and concerts of the Elbphilharmonie Orchestra. ](/news/2017/01/11/the-elbphilharmonie-concert-hall-in-hamburg-germany-is-officially-inaugurated-with-light-shows-and-concerts-of-the-elbphilharmonie-orchest.md) _Context: Hamburg_
6. [The German cities of Augsburg and Cologne are testing a scheme of traffic lights embedded in the ground to reduce cell phone-texting pedestrian accidents with vehicles that happen when so-called "smombies" step out into the street against the signal. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-german-cities-of-augsburg-and-cologne-are-testing-a-scheme-of-traffic-lights-embedded-in-the-ground-to-reduce-cell-phone-texting-pedestr.md) _Context: Cologne_
7. [Terrorism in Germany. German police arrest two Algerian men suspected of having links to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and planning terror attacks in the country. One of the men detained, reported to be aged 35, had been living in a refugee shelter in the town of Attendorn, east of Cologne. Police say "investigations show that he has been trained militarily in Syria". ](/news/2016/02/4/terrorism-in-germany-german-police-arrest-two-algerian-men-suspected-of-having-links-to-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-and-planni.md) _Context: Cologne_
8. [New Year's Eve sexual assaults in Germany. The chief of Cologne's police force, Wolfgang Albers, is relieved of his duties following criticism of his handling of violent clashes and sexual assaults by migrant gangs in the city on New Year's Eve. ](/news/2016/01/8/new-year-s-eve-sexual-assaults-in-germany-the-chief-of-cologne-s-police-force-wolfgang-albers-is-relieved-of-his-duties-following-critici.md) _Context: Cologne_
9. [New Year's Eve sexual assaults in Germany. German police begin investigations into a gang of up to 1,000 men of North African and Arab appearance who committed sexual assaults on women in Cologne's main square on New Year's Eve. ](/news/2016/01/4/new-year-s-eve-sexual-assaults-in-germany-german-police-begin-investigations-into-a-gang-of-up-to-1-000-men-of-north-african-and-arab-appea.md) _Context: Cologne_
10. [New Year's Eve sexual assaults in Germany. Thousands of protesters in Leipzig demonstrate against a record refugee influx they blame for mass sexual violence at New Year's Eve events in Cologne and other German cities. Many chanted 'We are the people', 'Resistance!' and 'Deport them!'. The rally was organized by a local chapter of PEGIDA (Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the Occident). Six Pakistani men and one Syrian man were also attacked by so-called vigilantes in Cologne, following calls on social media for "revenge" in the wake of the New Year's Eve assaults. ](/news/2016/01/11/new-year-s-eve-sexual-assaults-in-germany-thousands-of-protesters-in-leipzig-demonstrate-against-a-record-refugee-influx-they-blame-for-mas.md) _Context: Cologne_
