### [2012-07-23](/news/2012/07/23/index.md)

# The NCAA announces severe penalties against Penn State's football program as a result of the school's child sex abuse scandal. 

The NCAA has hit Penn State with a $60 million sanction, a four-year football postseason ban and a vacation of all wins dating to 1998, the organization announced Monday morning in a news release.


### Source:

1. [ESPN](http://espn.go.com/college-football/story/_/id/8191027/penn-state-nittany-lions-hit-60-million-fine-4-year-bowl-ban-wins-dating-1998)

### Related:

1. [Charges of perjury and child endangerment, among others, are filed against former Penn State President Graham Spanier and two other administrators in connection with the Penn State scandal involving imprisoned former football coach Jerry Sandusky; new charges also are filed against Athletic Director Tim Curley and retired Vice President Gary Schultz, who are already under arrest on perjury and failure to report child abuse charges. ](/news/2012/11/1/charges-of-perjury-and-child-endangerment-among-others-are-filed-against-former-penn-state-president-graham-spanier-and-two-other-administ.md) _Context: Penn State scandal, Pennsylvania State University_
2. [Former Penn State assistant coach Jerry Sandusky is transferred to State Correctional Institution - Greene in Franklin Township, Pennsylvania, to serve his 30-to-60-year sentence on child sexual abuse charges. ](/news/2012/10/31/former-penn-state-assistant-coach-jerry-sandusky-is-transferred-to-state-correctional-institution-a-greene-in-franklin-township-pennsylva.md) _Context: Penn State, Penn State scandal_
3. [Penn State's ex-president Graham Spanier rejects the report by former FBI head Louis Freeh accusing the university of a cover-up, saying he never heard even a hint of child sex abuse by Jerry Sandusky, despite indications of "horseplay", having never met a higher level of awareness. ](/news/2012/08/22/penn-state-s-ex-president-graham-spanier-rejects-the-report-by-former-fbi-head-louis-freeh-accusing-the-university-of-a-cover-up-saying-he.md) _Context: Penn State scandal, Pennsylvania State University_
4. [According to the Centre Daily Times, a Pennsylvania State University undergraduate student, Jon S. Steindorf, 23, goes missing, vanishing without a trace, the day his parents had expected him to graduate from the University, only to find when they arrived at 4 PM that he had dropped out in the fall 2014 semester. He was last seen by his roommate at 11 AM; he is brown-haired and blue-eyed, and he may be toting a red backpack and riding a black bicycle. State College, Pennsylvania police have put out a missing persons alert for him. ](/news/2015/05/8/according-to-the-centre-daily-times-a-pennsylvania-state-university-undergraduate-student-jon-s-steindorf-23-goes-missing-vanishing-wi.md) _Context: Pennsylvania State University_
5. [In a case brought by a group of former NCAA athletes, U.S. District Court judge Claudia Wilken rules that the NCAA violated antitrust law by restricting the compensation that college athletes can receive for their publicity rights. ](/news/2014/08/8/in-a-case-brought-by-a-group-of-former-ncaa-athletes-u-s-district-court-judge-claudia-wilken-rules-that-the-ncaa-violated-antitrust-law-by.md) _Context: NCAA_
6. [Penn State child sex abuse scandal:An audio recording of Jerry Sandusky is released in which he "wonders what they've won". ](/news/2012/10/9/penn-state-child-sex-abuse-scandal-pan-audio-recording-of-jerry-sandusky-is-released-in-which-he-wonders-what-they-ve-won.md) _Context: Penn State scandal_
7. [Jerry Sandusky, former American football coach at Pennsylvania State University, is convicted on 45 charges of child sex abuse. He is on suicide watch. ](/news/2012/06/22/jerry-sandusky-former-american-football-coach-at-pennsylvania-state-university-is-convicted-on-45-charges-of-child-sex-abuse-he-is-on-sui.md) _Context: Penn State_
8. [Penn State child sex abuse scandal:The adopted son of former football coach Jerry Sandusky says that Sandusky molested him. ](/news/2012/06/21/penn-state-child-sex-abuse-scandal-pthe-adopted-son-of-former-football-coach-jerry-sandusky-says-that-sandusky-molested-him.md) _Context: Penn State scandal_
9. [The National Collegiate Athletic Association announces that it is penalizing the Ohio State Buckeyes football program with a one-year bowl game ban, among other penalties, as a result of a scandal at the program. Former head coach Jim Tressel is given a 5-year show-cause penalty as well. ](/news/2011/12/20/the-national-collegiate-athletic-association-announces-that-it-is-penalizing-the-ohio-state-buckeyes-football-program-with-a-one-year-bowl-g.md) _Context: NCAA_
10. [The United States Department of Justice considers launching an antitrust action against the National Collegiate Athletic Association over the bowl system. ](/news/2011/05/4/the-united-states-department-of-justice-considers-launching-an-antitrust-action-against-the-national-collegiate-athletic-association-over-th.md) _Context: NCAA_
