### [2005-04-8](/news/2005/04/8/index.md)

#  In an interview with the Financial Times, a Hezbollah leader announces that the group would be willing to discuss potential disarmament after Israel withdraws from the Shebaa Farms. Lebanon and Syria maintain that the Shebaa Farms are Lebanese territory, while the rest of the world community insists that the farms are part of the Golan Heights, thus part of Syrian territory occupied by Israel. [http://news.ft.com/cms/s/b54a17a8-a781-11d9-9744-00000e2511c8.html (Financial Times)] [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/562751.html (Haaretz)] (Link dead as of 22:29, 14 January 2007 (UTC))




### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/syrian-civil-war-a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-nati.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Lebanon, Syria_
2. [Israeli-Lebanese conflict: Israeli security forces claim that Hezbollah and forces loyal to the President of Syria Bashar al-Assad are responsible for firing rockets from Syrian territory onto the Golan Heights into the mount Hermon sky resort. ](/news/2015/01/27/israeli-lebanese-conflict-israeli-security-forces-claim-that-hezbollah-and-forces-loyal-to-the-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-are-res.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Hezbollah, Israel, Syria_
3. [ Heavy exchanges of fire in the Israeli-Lebanese border. Hezbollah fired at least 9 mortar shells or Katyusha rockets on outposts in the disputed Shebaa Farms. The IDF retaliated by artillery fire and IAF aircraft bombed 3 Hezbollah positions. Israel maintains that Lebanon bears full responsibility for the border attacks, committed by Hezbollah and local Palestinian groups, while Hezbollah maintain that they are acting in retaliation for Israeli attacks on Lebanese territory including a hit on civilian houses in the village of Kfar Shouba. ](/news/2005/05/13/heavy-exchanges-of-fire-in-the-israeli-lebanese-border-hezbollah-fired-at-least-9-mortar-shells-or-katyusha-rockets-on-outposts-in-the-dis.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Lebanon, Shebaa farms_
4. [Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War: Israel strikes two Syrian Army artillery positions and an ammunition truck in Quneitra Governorate, after stray shells from Syria land in the northern Golan Heights for a second day in a row. ](/news/2017/06/25/israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-israel-strikes-two-syrian-army-artillery-positions-and-an-ammunition.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel, Syria_
5. [Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War: Israel and Syria exchange weapons fire in the disputed Golan Heights, with Israel destroying several targets, including two Syrian tanks. Although there were deaths on the ground in Syria, the number of casualties among Syrian forces is unknown. No Israeli troops were injured. ](/news/2017/06/24/israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-israel-and-syria-exchange-weapons-fire-in-the-disputed-golan-heights.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel, Syria_
6. [March 2017 Israel-Syria incident: In response to several Israeli airstrikes against suspected Hezbollah-related targets inside Syria, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has threatened wider war with the State of Israel, stating its intention to fire Scud missiles, and specifically target the Israeli city of Haifa. Israel responded by stating that any such actions by the Assad regime, or attacks on its aircraft, will cause Israel to "annihilate" Syrian air defense systems. ](/news/2017/03/25/march-2017-israel-syria-incident-in-response-to-several-israeli-airstrikes-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-inside-syria-syri.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Syria_
7. [March 2017 Israel-Syria incident: Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War: The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/march-2017-israel-syria-incident-israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-the-israeli-air-force-launches-se.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanon, Syria_
8. [Israel-Iran proxy conflict: Allegedly Israeli fighter jets strike a suspected Hezbollah weapons convoy near Damascus, Syria. ](/news/2016/11/30/israel-iran-proxy-conflict-allegedly-israeli-fighter-jets-strike-a-suspected-hezbollah-weapons-convoy-near-damascus-syria.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Syria_
9. [Syrian civil war: Israel-Syria relations: Syria reports its air defense shot down an Israeli warplane that attacked a Syrian army position in al-Quneitra, near the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights. The Israel Defense Forces say that missiles were fired at their aircraft but none hit. ](/news/2016/09/13/syrian-civil-war-israel-syria-relations-syria-reports-its-air-defense-shot-down-an-israeli-warplane-that-attacked-a-syrian-army-position.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel, Syria_
10. [Israel-Syria relations: The Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu vows that the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights, recognized as part of Syria, will forever stay in the country's hands and called on the international community to recognize Israeli sovereignty over the area. ](/news/2016/04/17/israel-syria-relations-the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-vows-that-the-israeli-occupied-golan-heights-recognized-as-part-o.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel, Syria_
