### [2012-12-27](/news/2012/12/27/index.md)

# 2012 Central African Republic rebellion:. The president of the Central African Republic, Francois Bozize, asks for international assistance as rebels advance on the capital Bangui. 

Leader of Central African Republic appeals for help securing city of Bangui, as UN and US pull out staff from capital.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/africa/2012/12/20121226235056434187.html)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2012/12/27/world/africa/central-african-republic-unrest/index.html)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/12/28/car-rebels-usa-idUSL1E8NS02Y20121228)

### Related:

1. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:. Central African Republic leader Francois Bozize promises a national unity government, as rebels advance to within 75 km of the capital Bangui. ](/news/2012/12/30/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-central-african-republic-leader-franassois-boziza-c-promises-a-national-unity-government-as-rebels.md) _Context: 2012 Central African Republic rebellion, Bangui's, Central African Republic, Francois Bozize_
2. [2012-13 Central African Republic conflict:. Rebels in the Central African Republic reportedly take the presidential palace in Bangui, as President Francois Bozize flees to the neighbouring Democratic Republic of Congo. ](/news/2013/03/24/2012-13-central-african-republic-conflict-rebels-in-the-central-african-republic-reportedly-take-the-presidential-palace-in-bangui-as-p.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central African Republic, Francois Bozize_
3. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:. Rebels reject a national unity government offer by President of the Central African Republic Francois Bozize. ](/news/2012/12/31/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-rebels-reject-a-national-unity-government-offer-by-president-of-the-central-african-republic-frana.md) _Context: 2012 Central African Republic rebellion, Central African Republic, Francois Bozize_
4. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:. The Seleka rebel coalition captures Kaga-Bandoro, the fourth major city to fall since the return to hostilities on December 10. Meanwhile, President Francois Bozize meets with military advisors in the capital Bangui. ](/news/2012/12/25/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-the-seleka-rebel-coalition-captures-kaga-bandoro-the-fourth-major-city-to-fall-since-the-return-t.md) _Context: 2012 Central African Republic rebellion, Bangui's, Francois Bozize_
5. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:. A coalition of rebel groups called "Seleka" take over the Central African Republic mining town of Bria, killing at least 15 government soldiers. The group is spearheaded by UFDR forces and has already taken five towns in its two-week offensive, which it claims is because of a lack of progress after a peace deal ended the 2004-2007 Bush War. Following an appeal for help from President Francois Bozize, the President of Chad Idriss Deby sends 20 vehicles of heavily armed troops to help quell the rebellion. ](/news/2012/12/18/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-a-coalition-of-rebel-groups-called-seleka-take-over-the-central-african-republic-mining-town-of.md) _Context: 2012 Central African Republic rebellion, Central African Republic, Francois Bozize_
6. [Central African general election, 2015-16. Voters in the Central African Republic are heading to the polls for the rescheduled parliamentary elections and the first round of the presidential election, where 30 candidates are running to replace Acting President Catherine Samba-Panza. The presidential runoff election is scheduled for 31 January 2016. The Central African Republic has been rocked by unrest since the March 2013 coup of president Francois Bozize by Seleka, a mostly Muslim alliance of anti-government groups. Thousands have died and about one million people have been displaced in the ongoing sectarian violence between Seleka and the Christian anti-balaka militia. The United Nations peacekeeping mission has promised a heavy security presence today. ](/news/2015/12/30/central-african-general-election-2015-16-voters-in-the-central-african-republic-are-heading-to-the-polls-for-the-rescheduled-parliamenta.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Francois Bozize_
7. [Central African Republic constitutional referendum, 2015. While voters in Central African Republic cast their ballots in a constitutional referendum aimed at ending years of sectarian strife, clashes erupt in the capital Bangui's PK5 Muslim neighborhood, killing at least two and injuring over 20. PK5 residents, visited by Pope Francis two weeks ago, marched to the U.N. headquarters in the country to complain they were unable to cast their ballots. The proposed constitution would limit a president to two terms, add an upper house to go along with the National Assembly, and fight institutional corruption. ](/news/2015/12/13/central-african-republic-constitutional-referendum-2015-while-voters-in-central-african-republic-cast-their-ballots-in-a-constitutional-re.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central African Republic_
8. [Pope Francis' 2015 visit to Africa. Pope Francis travels to a besieged Muslim neighborhood known as PK5 in the Central African Republic, a country wracked by sectarian violence. This visit is part of Francis's message of peace and reconciliation. As a result of the violence over the last two years, most of the capital Bangui's 100,000-plus Muslims have fled; now only 15,000 remain. ](/news/2015/11/30/pope-francis-2015-visit-to-africa-pope-francis-travels-to-a-besieged-muslim-neighborhood-known-as-pk5-in-the-central-african-republic-a-c.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central African Republic_
9. [All 500 of the prisoners escape from the Ngaraba jail in Bangui, the capital of the Central African Republic. ](/news/2015/09/29/all-500-of-the-prisoners-escape-from-the-ngaraba-jail-in-bangui-the-capital-of-the-central-african-republic.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central African Republic_
10. [At least 11 people are killed in an attack on a church by the Slka militia group in the city of Bangui in the Central African Republic. ](/news/2014/05/28/at-least-11-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-on-a-church-by-the-seleka-militia-group-in-the-city-of-bangui-in-the-central-african-republic.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central African Republic_
