### [2012-12-27](/news/2012/12/27/index.md)

# A New York state appeals court dismissed a lawsuit brought by several hedge funds against Porsche Automobil Holding, in a controversy that dates to the volatility of the stock price of Volkswagen in October 2008. 




### Source:

1. [ThomsonReuters](http://newsandinsight.thomsonreuters.com/Legal/News/2012/12_-_December/Porsche_wins_dismissal_of_hedge_fund_lawsuit_over_VW/)

### Related:

1. [Former Volkswagen engineer James Liang is sentenced by U.S. District Court Judge Sean Cox to 40 months in prison and a $200,000 fine for his role in the decade-long scheme to cheat on federal emissions tests for diesel-powered cars sold in the United States. He is the first company employee sent to prison in the scandal. ](/news/2017/08/25/former-volkswagen-engineer-james-liang-is-sentenced-by-u-s-district-court-judge-sean-cox-to-40-months-in-prison-and-a-200-000-fine-for-his.md) _Context: Volkswagen_
2. [New York State-based GateHouse Media announces an agreement to buy 11 U.S. newspapers from Georgia-based Morris Communications. Included in the deal is the "Log Cabin Democrat", founded in 1879, and three Alaskan newspapers: the "Juneau Empire", the "Peninsula Clarion" and "Homer News". The deal is expected to close on October 2. ](/news/2017/08/10/new-york-state-based-gatehouse-media-announces-an-agreement-to-buy-11-u-s-newspapers-from-georgia-based-morris-communications-included-in.md) _Context: New York State_
3. [Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-registration-data-from-president-d.md) _Context: New York State_
4. [The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-expands-beyond-ohio-with-the.md) _Context: New York State_
5. [Starting this spring, the state of New York will offer free four-year public college tuition for residents whose families make less than $100,000, the first state in the country to do so. ](/news/2017/04/10/starting-this-spring-the-state-of-new-york-will-offer-free-four-year-public-college-tuition-for-residents-whose-families-make-less-than-10.md) _Context: New York State_
6. [The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-asks-a-federal-judge-to-stop-on.md) _Context: New York State_
7. [A commuter train from the Long Island Rail Road derails during the morning rush hour in Brooklyn, New York, injuring 103 people. ](/news/2017/01/4/a-commuter-train-from-the-long-island-rail-road-derails-during-the-morning-rush-hour-in-brooklyn-new-york-injuring-103-people.md) _Context: New York State_
8. [Gunshots are fired in Crossgates Mall in Guilderland, New York. Police report the mall has been cleared; they are looking for one suspect. ](/news/2016/11/12/gunshots-are-fired-in-crossgates-mall-in-guilderland-new-york-police-report-the-mall-has-been-cleared-they-are-looking-for-one-suspect.md) _Context: New York State_
9. [U.S. District Judge Charles R. Breyer in San Francisco approves German automaker Volkswagen $14.7 billion settlement with federal and California regulators and the owners of the 475,000 polluting diesel vehicles over diesel emissions cheating scandal. Volkswagen still faces billions of dollars more in fines and litigation. ](/news/2016/10/25/u-s-district-judge-charles-r-breyer-in-san-francisco-approves-german-automaker-volkswagen-14-7-billion-settlement-with-federal-and-califo.md) _Context: Volkswagen_
10. [Volkswagen agrees to pay $175 million to United States lawyers suing the German automaker on behalf of the owners of 475,000 polluting vehicles. ](/news/2016/10/14/volkswagen-agrees-to-pay-175-million-to-united-states-lawyers-suing-the-german-automaker-on-behalf-of-the-owners-of-475-000-polluting-vehic.md) _Context: Volkswagen_
