### [2012-12-27](/news/2012/12/27/index.md)

# Catholic figurehead Sean Brady's intervention in Ireland's abortion debate draws harsh criticism from legislators and more calls for the Church to transfer the rest of the compensation it promised for those abused by priests, but has not yet paid. 




### Source:

1. [Irish Independent](http://www.independent.ie/national-news/tds-hit-out-at-cardinals-call-for-abortion-protests-3337267.html)

### Related:

1. [In his Christmas Day message, Sean Brady, the controversial head of Ireland's Catholic hierarchy, calls upon his flock to continue their opposition to abortion. In the wake of the death of Savita Halappanavar, the Indian dentist recently denied an abortion of her dying foetus by Ireland's conservative laws, the country's government is once again to attempt to legislate for the 1992 X Case in the coming year, with Ireland the only remaining EU state to outlaw the procedure. ](/news/2012/12/25/in-his-christmas-day-message-sea-n-brady-the-controversial-head-of-ireland-s-catholic-hierarchy-calls-upon-his-flock-to-continue-their-op.md) _Context: Ireland, Seán Brady, abortion, abortion_
2. [President of Ireland Michael D. Higgins calls for an investigation into the death of Savita Halappanavar to meet the needs of a "concerned public" as Savita's husband Praveen continues his battle against Ireland's government and the Health Service Executive (HSE) to hold a sworn, public inquiry into her death, which he believes occurred due to her being denied an abortion. ](/news/2012/11/21/president-of-ireland-michael-d-higgins-calls-for-an-investigation-into-the-death-of-savita-halappanavar-to-meet-the-needs-of-a-concerned-p.md) _Context: Ireland, abortion, abortion_
3. [The death of a pregnant woman from septicaemia in an Irish hospital prompts international outrage, protests and condemnation. University College Hospital Galway refused numerous requests from Savita Halappanavar and her family for an abortion on the grounds that "this is a Catholic country." ](/news/2012/11/14/the-death-of-a-pregnant-woman-from-septicaemia-in-an-irish-hospital-prompts-international-outrage-protests-and-condemnation-university-col.md) _Context: Catholic, Ireland, abortion_
4. [ A Polish court awards EUR7,400 damages to Alicja Tysiac, likened to a child killer and Nazi war criminal by Catholic magazine ''Gosc Niedzielny'' for wanting an abortion. ](/news/2009/09/23/a-polish-court-awards-a-7-400-damages-to-alicja-tysiac-likened-to-a-child-killer-and-nazi-war-criminal-by-catholic-magazine-goaa-nie.md) _Context: Catholic, abortion_
5. [ President of Ireland Mary McAleese causes an uproar when she says that Nazis taught their children to hate Jews like Northern Ireland Protestants taught theirs to hate Irish Catholics ](/news/2005/01/28/president-of-ireland-mary-mcaleese-causes-an-uproar-when-she-says-that-nazis-taught-their-children-to-hate-jews-like-northern-ireland-prote.md) _Context: Catholic, Ireland_
6. [The Guatemalan army blockades a ship from the Dutch NGO Women on Waves that provides material for abortions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-guatemalan-army-blockades-a-ship-from-the-dutch-ngo-women-on-waves-that-provides-material-for-abortions.md) _Context: abortion_
7. [U.S. President Donald Trump issues executive orders to withdraw the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and reinstates the Mexico City Policy, a policy banning  U.S. aid to foreign organizations that use funds from other sources to perform or discuss abortions, which Barack Obama scrapped in 2009. ](/news/2017/01/23/u-s-president-donald-trump-issues-executive-orders-to-withdraw-the-united-states-from-the-trans-pacific-partnership-and-reinstates-the-mex.md) _Context: abortion_
8. [Avian flu virus H5N8 outbreaks are reported in birds in India, Germany, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands, and  several other European nations. The World Health Organization advised on 17 November that human infection is possible, but unlikely, based on information available. ](/news/2016/11/26/avian-flu-virus-h5n8-outbreaks-are-reported-in-birds-in-india-germany-finland-ireland-the-netherlands-and-several-other-european-natio.md) _Context: Ireland_
9. [The Catholic Church announces that cremated remains must be kept in consecrated land, rather than scattered about or kept at home. The Church first permitted cremation in 1963, but still strongly favours burial. ](/news/2016/10/25/the-catholic-church-announces-that-cremated-remains-must-be-kept-in-consecrated-land-rather-than-scattered-about-or-kept-at-home-the-churc.md) _Context: Catholic Church_
10. [Police in China detain 75 people in connection with a service that determined the female gender of unborn babies for the purpose of abortion. Authorities say that at least 300 people were involved in the illegal service in the eastern Chinese province of Zhejiang. Expectant parents wanting male children smuggled fetal blood samples to Hong Kong for gender testing. China ended its one-child policy last year. ](/news/2016/10/15/police-in-china-detain-75-people-in-connection-with-a-service-that-determined-the-female-gender-of-unborn-babies-for-the-purpose-of-abortion.md) _Context: abortion_
