### [2012-12-27](/news/2012/12/27/index.md)

# Harry Reid, the Democratic US Senate leader, says the U.S. appears to be heading over the fiscal cliff, with tax raises and spending cuts imminent. 

The US appears to be heading over the &quot;fiscal cliff&quot;, the Democratic US Senate leader says, as the House prepares a last-minute return to Washington.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-20853624)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/12/27/us-usa-fiscal-idUSBRE8A80WV20121227)

### Related:

1. [U.S. Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nevada) announces he will not seek re-election to the United States Senate and intends to retire at the end of his term in January 2017. ](/news/2015/03/27/u-s-senate-minority-leader-harry-reid-d-nevada-announces-he-will-not-seek-re-election-to-the-united-states-senate-and-intends-to-retire-a.md) _Context: Democratic, Harry Reid_
2. [Hawaii's Democratic Governor Neil Abercrombie appoints Lieutenant Governor Brian Schatz (a former state legislator and nonprofit group executive) to fill the term of the recently-deceased longtime Democratic U.S. Senator Daniel Inouye until 2014, when a special election will be called to fill the slot until 2016. His was one of three names known to have been submitted by the state party's central committee, along with an unnamed person and U.S. Democrat Colleen Hanabusa, whom Inouye had stated as his preferred successor hours before his death. ](/news/2012/12/26/hawaii-s-democratic-governor-neil-abercrombie-appoints-lieutenant-governor-brian-schatz-a-former-state-legislator-and-nonprofit-group-execu.md) _Context: Democratic, U.S._
3. [ The 2008 National Convention of the U.S. Democratic Party begins in Denver, Colorado. ](/news/2008/08/25/the-2008-national-convention-of-the-u-s-democratic-party-begins-in-denver-colorado.md) _Context: Democratic, U.S._
4. [ U.S. Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid and his fellow Democrats force a closed session of the Senate over misinformed intelligence that led to the Iraq War and evasion of a congressional inquiry. ](/news/2005/11/1/u-s-senate-minority-leader-harry-reid-and-his-fellow-democrats-force-a-closed-session-of-the-senate-over-misinformed-intelligence-that-led.md) _Context: Democratic, Harry Reid_
5. [ U.S. Senator Harry Reid, and other Democrats, criticize talk show host William Bennett for saying: "You could abort every black baby in this country, and your crime rate would go down." ](/news/2005/09/30/u-s-senator-harry-reid-and-other-democrats-criticize-talk-show-host-william-bennett-for-saying-you-could-abort-every-black-baby-in-thi.md) _Context: Democratic, Harry Reid_
6. [Politics of the United States. West Virginia Governor Jim Justice announces, during U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Huntington, he is changing his party affiliation from Democratic to Republican. ](/news/2017/08/3/politics-of-the-united-states-west-virginia-governor-jim-justice-announces-during-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-rally-in-huntington-he-is.md) _Context: Democratic_
7. [United States sanctions. Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/united-states-sanctions-negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea.md) _Context: Democratic_
8. [Presidency of Donald Trump. Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution-s emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/presidency-of-donald-trump-nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-cl.md) _Context: Democratic_
9. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: Democratic_
10. [Efforts to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. American Health Care Act of 2017. The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/efforts-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-american-health-care-act-of-2017-the-republican-controlled-united-states.md) _Context: Democratic_
