### [2012-12-27](/news/2012/12/27/index.md)

# Team members from the British Antarctic Survey temporarily abandon a project to drill through two miles of Antarctica's ice sheet to reach Lake Ellsworth due to problems linking boreholes in the ice. 

A UK project to drill through 3km of ice to reach a lake sequestered for thousands of years has been called off following problems with borehole drilling.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/science-environment-20850360)
2. [ITV News](http://www.itv.com/news/anglia/2012-12-27/antarctic-lake-project-abandoned-for-this-year/)
3. [Nature](http://blogs.nature.com/news/2012/12/uk-team-abandons-effort-to-reach-subglacial-antarctic-lake.html)

### Related:

1. [A British research team launches a long-awaited project to hunt for life in Lake Ellsworth hidden beneath the ice-sheet in Antarctica. ](/news/2012/12/12/a-british-research-team-launches-a-long-awaited-project-to-hunt-for-life-in-lake-ellsworth-hidden-beneath-the-ice-sheet-in-antarctica.md) _Context: Antarctica, Lake Ellsworth, ice sheet_
2. [At an annual meeting of the Convention for the Conservation of Antarctic Marine Living Resources in Hobart, Australia, twenty-four countries and the European Union agree to create the world's largest marine park in Antarctica's Ross Sea. The marine park will cover more than 12 percent of the Southern Ocean, and will be protected from commercial fishing for 35 years. ](/news/2016/10/28/at-an-annual-meeting-of-the-convention-for-the-conservation-of-antarctic-marine-living-resources-in-hobart-australia-twenty-four-countries.md) _Context: Antarctica_
3. [Australian icebreaker, ''Aurora Australis'', runs aground in Antarctica with 68 people on board. There are no reports of injuries. The Australian Antarctic Division (AAD) said blizzard conditions are hampering attempts to assess damage. ](/news/2016/02/24/australian-icebreaker-aurora-australis-runs-aground-in-antarctica-with-68-people-on-board-there-are-no-reports-of-injuries-the-austr.md) _Context: Antarctica_
4. [British explorer Henry Worsley dies at the age of 55 while attempting to be the first person to cross Antarctica unaided. ](/news/2016/01/25/british-explorer-henry-worsley-dies-at-the-age-of-55-while-attempting-to-be-the-first-person-to-cross-antarctica-unaided.md) _Context: Antarctica_
5. [Scientific studies confirm more than 90 percent of the world's glaciers are retreating, and many of the smaller ones -- like the alpine ice sheets of Glacier National Park in the U.S. -- are rapidly disappearing. On the other side of world, at Khumbu Glacier near Mount Everest in the Himalayas, expanding ponds are merging and forming larger bodies of water. This could threaten settlements downstream if they overflow. Thawing glaciers account for about 20 percent of the sea-level rise recorded in the past century, adding to the meltwater coming from polar ice caps and ice sheets. ](/news/2015/11/27/scientific-studies-confirm-more-than-90-percent-of-the-worldas-glaciers-are-retreating-and-many-of-the-smaller-ones-a-like-the-alpine-i.md) _Context: ice sheet_
6. [According to a new NASA (U.S.) study, ice sheet gains outweigh losses on the continent of Antarctica. An increase in snow accumulation that began 10,000 years ago outweighs increased losses from the continent's thinning glaciers. In 2013, Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change findings suggested gains were not keeping up with losses. NASA glaciologist Jay Zwally said, "We're essentially in agreement with other studies ... (except) ice gain in East Antarctica and the interior of West Antarctica exceeds losses in the other areas." ](/news/2015/10/31/according-to-a-new-nasa-u-s-study-ice-sheet-gains-outweigh-losses-on-the-continent-of-antarctica-an-increase-in-snow-accumulation-that.md) _Context: Antarctica_
7. [NASA publishes the first close up photos of Pluto from the New Horizons spacecraft. They show geologically young mountains made of water ice.  ](/news/2015/07/15/nasa-publishes-the-first-close-up-photos-of-pluto-from-the-new-horizons-spacecraft-they-show-geologically-young-mountains-made-of-water-ice.md) _Context: ice_
8. [Studies published in ''Geophysical Research Letters'' and ''Science'' find that the West Antarctic ice sheet is potentially irrevocably melting. ](/news/2014/05/13/studies-published-in-geophysical-research-letters-and-science-find-that-the-west-antarctic-ice-sheet-is-potentially-irrevocably-melt.md) _Context: ice sheet_
9. [National Guard troops are deployed to reach students stranded overnight on buses after ice and snow cause widespread traffic chaos in Atlanta, Georgia.](/news/2014/01/29/national-guard-troops-are-deployed-to-reach-students-stranded-overnight-on-buses-after-ice-and-snow-cause-widespread-traffic-chaos-in-atlant.md) _Context: ice_
10. [The Chinese icebreaker ''Xue Long'', or "Snow Dragon", was only six nautical miles away from the Russian-flagged vessel ''Akademik Shokalskiy'' when it too became obstructed by heavy ice in Antarctica. ](/news/2013/12/28/the-chinese-icebreaker-xua-la3ng-or-snow-dragon-was-only-six-nautical-miles-away-from-the-russian-flagged-vessel-akademik-shokals.md) _Context: Antarctica_
