### [2012-01-22](/news/2012/01/22/index.md)

# Representative Gabrielle Giffords of Arizona announces her resignation from office to focus on her recovery after surviving an attempted assassination in 2011. 




### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/rep-gabrielle-giffords-retiring-from-congress/2012/01/22/gIQATOz1IQ_story.html)

### Related:

1. [A shooting rampage takes place at a supermarket in Tucson in the U.S. state of Arizona. Twenty are shot, including U.S. Representative Gabrielle Giffords. Six others are confirmed dead, including District Court judge John Roll. ](/news/2011/01/8/a-shooting-rampage-takes-place-at-a-supermarket-in-tucson-in-the-u-s-state-of-arizona-twenty-are-shot-including-u-s-representative-gabri.md) _Context: Arizona, Gabrielle Giffords, United States House of Representatives_
2. [A United States Federal grand jury indicts Jared Lee Loughner for attempted murder of Arizona Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords and two of her aides with further charges pending. ](/news/2011/01/19/a-united-states-federal-grand-jury-indicts-jared-lee-loughner-for-attempted-murder-of-arizona-congresswoman-gabrielle-giffords-and-two-of-he.md) _Context: Arizona, Gabrielle Giffords, United States House of Representatives_
3. [Voters in the 8th congressional district in the US state of Arizona go to the polls for a special election caused by the resignation of Gabrielle Giffords due to health reasons with Democrat Ron Barber duly elected. ](/news/2012/06/12/voters-in-the-8th-congressional-district-in-the-us-state-of-arizona-go-to-the-polls-for-a-special-election-caused-by-the-resignation-of-gabr.md) _Context: Arizona, Gabrielle Giffords_
4. [U.S. Representative Gabrielle Giffords announces plans to attend the launch of the Space Shuttle Endeavour, piloted by her husband Mark Kelly, three months after she was shot in the 2011 Tucson shootings. ](/news/2011/03/10/u-s-representative-gabrielle-giffords-announces-plans-to-attend-the-launch-of-the-space-shuttle-endeavour-piloted-by-her-husband-mark-kell.md) _Context: Gabrielle Giffords, United States House of Representatives_
5. [NASA astronaut Mark Kelly, the husband of Rep Gabrielle Giffords shot last month, announces that he will resume training to command the Space Shuttle Endeavour's final mission STS-134 in April. ](/news/2011/02/4/nasa-astronaut-mark-kelly-the-husband-of-rep-gabrielle-giffords-shot-last-month-announces-that-he-will-resume-training-to-command-the-spac.md) _Context: Gabrielle Giffords, United States House of Representatives_
6. [United States Representative Gabrielle Giffords leaves hospital in Tucson, Arizona for rehabilitation in Houston, Texas less than two weeks after the 2011 Tucson shooting. ](/news/2011/01/21/united-states-representative-gabrielle-giffords-leaves-hospital-in-tucson-arizona-for-rehabilitation-in-houston-texas-less-than-two-weeks.md) _Context: Gabrielle Giffords, United States House of Representatives_
7. [The President of the United States Barack Obama addresses the nation about the 2011 Tucson shooting following a visit to Representative Gabrielle Giffords in hospital. ](/news/2011/01/12/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-addresses-the-nation-about-the-2011-tucson-shooting-following-a-visit-to-representative-gabr.md) _Context: Gabrielle Giffords, United States House of Representatives_
8. [115th United States Congress. The United States House of Representatives pass a bill ending Dodd-Frank regulations. The bill now goes to the Senate where it is expected to not go through. ](/news/2017/06/8/115th-united-states-congress-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-pass-a-bill-ending-dodd-frank-regulations-the-bill-now-goes-to-t.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
9. [2017 North American heat wave. A heat wave strikes the Western U.S. states of Arizona, California, and Nevada. It is predicted to last until June 23. ](/news/2017/06/20/2017-north-american-heat-wave-a-heat-wave-strikes-the-western-u-s-states-of-arizona-california-and-nevada-it-is-predicted-to-last-until.md) _Context: Arizona_
10. [Efforts to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. American Health Care Act of 2017. The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/efforts-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-american-health-care-act-of-2017-the-republican-controlled-united-states.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
