### [2013-10-22](/news/2013/10/22/index.md)

# Iraqi insurgency (post-U.S. withdrawal):. Militants kill 22 security forces in police and military checkpoints in Anbar Province. 

Militants killed at least 22 members of the security forces in Iraq on Tuesday, mostly in attacks on police and military checkpoints, with the western Anbar province bearing the brunt of the violence, sources said.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/10/22/us-iraq-violence-idUSBRE99L12Z20131022)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi insurgency (post-U.S. withdrawal):. Eighteen Iraqi military officers and soldiers are killed and more than 30 others injured after an attack in Rutbah, in Iraq's western Anbar province. Among those killed is the commander of the elite Iraqi 7th Division Major General Mohammed al-Karawi, as well as 4 other officers. ](/news/2013/12/21/iraqi-insurgency-post-u-s-withdrawal-eighteen-iraqi-military-officers-and-soldiers-are-killed-and-more-than-30-others-injured-after-an.md) _Context: Anbar province, Iraqi insurgency (post-U.S. withdrawal)_
2. [Military intervention against ISIL. An Iraqi airstrike near Al Qaim, Anbar province, Iraq, kills Ayad al-Jumaili, believed to be ISIL's second-in-command. ](/news/2017/04/1/military-intervention-against-isil-an-iraqi-airstrike-near-al-qaim-anbar-province-iraq-kills-ayad-al-jumaili-believed-to-be-isil-s-seco.md) _Context: Anbar province_
3. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Hit offensive (2016). The Iraqi Army recaptures the western town of Hit, Al Anbar Governorate, after driving out hundreds of ISIL militants. ](/news/2016/04/8/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-ha-t-offensive-2016-the-iraqi-army-recaptures-the-western-town-of-ha-t-al-anbar-governorate-after-dri.md) _Context: Anbar province_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Hit offensive (2016). Iraqi security forces free a large number of prisoners from an underground ISIL-operated jail in the city of Hit. Malallah al-Obeidi, a local official in the Al Anbar Governorate, put the number of freed prisoners at around 1,500, saying most of them were civilians. ](/news/2016/04/2/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-ha-t-offensive-2016-iraqi-security-forces-free-a-large-number-of-prisoners-from-an-underground-isil-ope.md) _Context: Anbar province_
5. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Iraqi Armed Forces announce the complete recapture of the city of Ramadi in western Iraq's Anbar Province from the Islamic State, along with the reopening of the Ramadi-Baghdad road. ](/news/2016/02/9/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iraqi-armed-forces-announce-the-complete-recapture-of-the-city-of-ramadi-in-western-iraq-s-anbar-province.md) _Context: Anbar province_
6. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). A suicide bomber attacks an Iraqi Army post in Al Anbar Governorate on the border with Saudi Arabia, killing at least six guards. ](/news/2015/12/12/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-suicide-bomber-attacks-an-iraqi-army-post-in-al-anbar-governorate-on-the-border-with-saudi-arabia-killi.md) _Context: Anbar province_
7. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Iraq's military reports bombing a convoy possibly carrying Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. The group was headed to a meeting in the western Al Anbar Governorate, close to the Syrian border. Eight senior ISIS figures were killed, but al-Baghdadi did not appear to be among them according to Iraqi officials. ](/news/2015/10/11/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iraq-s-military-reports-bombing-a-convoy-possibly-carrying-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-leader-ab.md) _Context: Anbar province_
8. [Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. Islamic State militants have carried out multiple suicide bombings targeting the Iraqi Army in Anbar Province killing at least 17 people. ](/news/2015/05/27/islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-islamic-state-militants-have-carried-out-multiple-suicide-bombings-targeting-the-iraqi-army-in-anbar-p.md) _Context: Anbar province_
9. [Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. Sohaib al Rawi, Governor of Al Anbar Governorate in Iraq, claims that ISIL has killed 52 people, mostly police officers on the border with Syria in the past week. ](/news/2015/04/9/islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-sohaib-al-rawi-governor-of-al-anbar-governorate-in-iraq-claims-that-isil-has-killed-52-people-mostl.md) _Context: Anbar province_
10. [Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. Iraqi Army Brigadier-General Hassan Abbas Toufan and three other officers are killed in a targeted car bombing in Anbar province. ](/news/2015/04/24/islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-iraqi-army-brigadier-general-hassan-abbas-toufan-and-three-other-officers-are-killed-in-a-targeted-car.md) _Context: Anbar province_
