### [2013-01-30](/news/2013/01/30/index.md)

# January 29-30, 2013 tornado outbreak: Severe thunderstorms and tornadoes affect the midwestern and southern United States with damage reported in several states, from Missouri to Georgia, and at least two people killed. 

Tornadoes ripped through four states on Tuesday night and Wednesday, killing at least two people, as an Arctic cold front clashed with warm air to produce severe weather over a wide swath of the nation.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2013/01/30/us/severe-weather)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/01/30/us-usa-weather-idUSBRE90T0WG20130130)
3. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/weather/2013/01/30/severe-weather-south-midwest/1876579/)

### Related:

1. [Tornadoes destroy a church and damage dozens of homes in the Midwestern United States, cutting off electricity in several areas, and prompting Missouri Governor Jay Nixon to declare a state of emergency. ](/news/2013/04/11/tornadoes-destroy-a-church-and-damage-dozens-of-homes-in-the-midwestern-united-states-cutting-off-electricity-in-several-areas-and-prompti.md) _Context: Missouri, destroy, tornado_
2. [ United States federal authorities start sending aid to Missouri, Oklahoma and Georgia as the total death toll from the May 2008 tornado outbreak sequence reaches 23. ](/news/2008/05/12/united-states-federal-authorities-start-sending-aid-to-missouri-oklahoma-and-georgia-as-the-total-death-toll-from-the-may-2008-tornado-out.md) _Context: Georgia, Missouri, United States_
3. [ A tornado strikes southern Missouri killing a seven-year-old girl. Tornadoes in Alabama kill at least ten people including eight students at Enterprise High School. In Georgia, at least nine people die in storms. It is part of a larger tornado outbreak. ](/news/2007/03/1/a-tornado-strikes-southern-missouri-killing-a-seven-year-old-girl-tornadoes-in-alabama-kill-at-least-ten-people-including-eight-students-a.md) _Context: Georgia, Missouri, tornado_
4. [Robert Bentley, the Governor of Alabama, declares a state of emergency due to forecasts of storms with the threat of tornadoes during the day. The neighboring state of Georgia also faces the threat of severe weather. ](/news/2017/04/4/robert-bentley-the-governor-of-alabama-declares-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-forecasts-of-storms-with-the-threat-of-tornadoes-during-the-da.md) _Context: Georgia, tornado_
5. [Severe storms kill at least 11 people and injure 23 in the U.S. state of Georgia. ](/news/2017/01/22/severe-storms-kill-at-least-11-people-and-injure-23-in-the-u-s-state-of-georgia.md) _Context: Georgia, United States_
6. [In a second day of severe weather, at least seven people are injured as tornadoes sweep across the Midwestern and Southern part of the United States, with more severe weather expected. ](/news/2016/04/1/in-a-second-day-of-severe-weather-at-least-seven-people-are-injured-as-tornadoes-sweep-across-the-midwestern-and-southern-part-of-the-unite.md) _Context: United States, tornado_
7. [Voters in the U.S. states of Florida, Illinois, Ohio, Missouri, North Carolina and the commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries that the media has dubbed "Super Tuesday 2". ](/news/2016/03/15/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-florida-illinois-ohio-missouri-north-carolina-and-the-commonwealth-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-head-to.md) _Context: Missouri, United States_
8. [At least two people are dead and 30 injured after a suspected tornado hits a trailer park near the village of Convent, Louisiana. At least one other person has died in the Deep South of the United States. ](/news/2016/02/23/at-least-two-people-are-dead-and-30-injured-after-a-suspected-tornado-hits-a-trailer-park-near-the-village-of-convent-louisiana-at-least-o.md) _Context: United States, tornado_
9. [At least six people die and dozens injured as major storms, packed with tornadoes, move through the American South and Midwest. Three people died when a tornado hit northern Mississippi, one was killed in Arkansas and two more in Tennessee. Officials continue searching into the night for the missing. ](/news/2015/12/23/at-least-six-people-die-and-dozens-injured-as-major-storms-packed-with-tornadoes-move-through-the-american-south-and-midwest-three-people.md) _Context: United States, tornado_
10. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: Missouri, United States_
