### [2000-01-12](/news/2000/01/12/index.md)

# In the United Kingdom, the Ministry of Defence's policy since this day is to allow homosexual men, lesbians and transgender personnel to join any of the British Armed Forces, and discrimination on a sexual orientation basis is forbidden. It is also forbidden for someone to pressure LGBT people to come out.




### Related:

1. [The first of seventy British military personnel arrive in Somalia to help combat the threat of Islamist militants. The remaining troops will join the United Nations peacekeepers and AMISOM soldiers in countering Al-Shabaab later on this year. This deployment is part of a greater effort by the United Kingdom to target terrorism. ](/news/2016/05/2/the-first-of-seventy-british-military-personnel-arrive-in-somalia-to-help-combat-the-threat-of-islamist-militants-the-remaining-troops-will.md) _Context: Britain, British military personnel_
2. [The United Kingdom's Royal Air Force bombs Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant-controlled oil wells in eastern Syria. At least four Tornado GR4 fighter jets, operating out of RAF Akrotiri in Cyprus, were involved in raids. The Ministry of Defence said initial analysis "indicates that the strikes were successful". ](/news/2015/12/3/the-united-kingdom-s-royal-air-force-bombs-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-controlled-oil-wells-in-eastern-syria-at-least-four-tornado.md) _Context: Britain, Ministry of Defence_
3. [UK Secretary of State for Defence Philip Hammond announces the closure of four Army bases as part of a shake-up to accommodate the return of thousands of British troops stationed in Germany. ](/news/2013/03/5/uk-secretary-of-state-for-defence-philip-hammond-announces-the-closure-of-four-army-bases-as-part-of-a-shake-up-to-accommodate-the-return-of.md) _Context: Britain, British military personnel_
4. [The British Ministry of Defence suspends training flights in aircraft with ejector seats similar to that which killed a Red Arrows pilot on Tuesday. ](/news/2011/11/9/the-british-ministry-of-defence-suspends-training-flights-in-aircraft-with-ejector-seats-similar-to-that-which-killed-a-red-arrows-pilot-on.md) _Context: Britain, Ministry of Defence_
5. [The United Kingdom announces plans to axe 11,000 jobs in the British Armed Forces. ](/news/2011/03/2/the-united-kingdom-announces-plans-to-axe-11-000-jobs-in-the-british-armed-forces.md) _Context: Britain, British military personnel_
6. [The UK Ministry of Defence unveils ''Taranis'', its new long-range unmanned plane intended to damage enemy territory. Tests are due to begin in 2011. ](/news/2010/07/12/the-uk-ministry-of-defence-unveils-taranis-its-new-long-range-unmanned-plane-intended-to-damage-enemy-territory-tests-are-due-to-begin.md) _Context: Britain, Ministry of Defence_
7. [ Her Majesty's Government will allow retired Gurkhas who served in the Armed Forces to settle in the United Kingdom. ](/news/2009/05/21/her-majesty-s-government-will-allow-retired-gurkhas-who-served-in-the-armed-forces-to-settle-in-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: Britain, British military personnel_
8. [ Section 76 of the United Kingdom's Counter-Terrorism Act 2008&mdash;a law that criminalizes publishing information about the Armed Forces, the Security Service, the Secret Intelligence Service, or Government Communications Headquarters&mdash;is effected. ](/news/2009/02/16/section-76-of-the-united-kingdom-s-counter-terrorism-act-2008-mdash-a-law-that-criminalizes-publishing-information-about-the-armed-forces.md) _Context: Britain, British military personnel_
9. [ The British Ministry of Defence announces that Prince Harry will have to return home from his deployment in Afghanistan as recent publicity made it too dangerous for him to stay there. ](/news/2008/02/29/the-british-ministry-of-defence-announces-that-prince-harry-will-have-to-return-home-from-his-deployment-in-afghanistan-as-recent-publicity.md) _Context: Britain, Ministry of Defence_
10. [ The United Kingdom's Ministry of Defence announces plans to release their UFO files to the public, seven weeks after France's space agency CNES opened its UFO files to the public. ](/news/2007/05/3/the-united-kingdom-s-ministry-of-defence-announces-plans-to-release-their-ufo-files-to-the-public-seven-weeks-after-france-s-space-agency.md) _Context: Britain, Ministry of Defence_
