### [2013-07-21](/news/2013/07/21/index.md)

# At least 12 people have been killed or wounded in a clash between two Muslim families in the province of Lanao del Sur in the southern Philippines. 




### Source:

1. [Mindanao Examiner](http://www.mindanaoexaminer.com/news.php?news_id=20130720233834)

### Related:

1. [Philippine security forces kill as many as 42 ISIL-linked militants, and captures their stronghold in the predominantly Muslim Lanao del Sur province. Three Philippine Army soldiers were also killed during the fighting. ](/news/2016/02/26/philippine-security-forces-kill-as-many-as-42-isil-linked-militants-and-captures-their-stronghold-in-the-predominantly-muslim-lanao-del-sur.md) _Context: Lanao del Sur, Muslim, Philippines_
2. [Islamic insurgency in the Philippines:Followers of Muslim separatist leader Nur Misuari launch an attack on the southern Philippines port of Zamboanga City, forcing the closure of businesses and schools. ](/news/2013/09/9/islamic-insurgency-in-the-philippines-pfollowers-of-muslim-separatist-leader-nur-misuari-launch-an-attack-on-the-southern-philippines-port-o.md) _Context: Muslim, Philippines_
3. [The Pentagon is considering conducting airstrikes in Marawi, which if approved would later put U.S. troops on the ground to battle the ISIS-affiliated Maute group as well as related Islamist terror groups. A spokesperson later denied the claims as well as clarified that the Philippines has yet to make a request. ](/news/2017/08/8/the-pentagon-is-considering-conducting-airstrikes-in-marawi-which-if-approved-would-later-put-u-s-troops-on-the-ground-to-battle-the-isis.md) _Context: Philippines_
4. [Viacom International Media Networks has announced it will no longer pursue a Nickelodeon underwater theme park and resort in Palawan, Philippines. The project, announced last January, attracted controversy due to criticisms from environmentalist groups who fear the resort might destroy the area's marine eocsystem, home to two UNESCO World Heritage sites. ](/news/2017/08/22/viacom-international-media-networks-has-announced-it-will-no-longer-pursue-a-nickelodeon-underwater-theme-park-and-resort-in-palawan-philip.md) _Context: Philippines_
5. [At least 32 people are killed in a series of police raids near Manila, Philippines, allegedly due to the ongoing drug war. ](/news/2017/08/16/at-least-32-people-are-killed-in-a-series-of-police-raids-near-manila-philippines-allegedly-due-to-the-ongoing-drug-war.md) _Context: Philippines_
6. [According to the United Nations, the Philippines has the largest increase in HIV/AIDS in the Asia Pacific region with about a 140% increase in cases from 2010 until 2016 possibly causing a 'national emergency.' ](/news/2017/08/1/according-to-the-united-nations-the-philippines-has-the-largest-increase-in-hiv-aids-in-the-asia-pacific-region-with-about-a-140-increase.md) _Context: Philippines_
7. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-law-in-the-whole-philippines-two.md) _Context: Philippines_
8. [In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces-orders-for-police-to.md) _Context: Philippines_
9. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Muslim_
10. [A new set of kidnappings and a jail break plague Sulu province in the southern region of Mindanao in the Philippines. ](/news/2017/07/17/a-new-set-of-kidnappings-and-a-jail-break-plague-sulu-province-in-the-southern-region-of-mindanao-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: Philippines_
