### [2011-07-24](/news/2011/07/24/index.md)

# A Thai military helicopter crashes near the Myanmar border, the third in a week, with three people feared dead in the latest crash. 




### Source:

1. [AP via MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/43870208)

### Related:

1. [Thai constitutional referendum, 2016: Voters in Thailand go to the polls to vote on whether a new constitution, which would restore elections but empower the military, should it be adopted. The military junta has banned campaigning in opposition to the new constitution. The constitution is approved by 61.45 percent. ](/news/2016/08/7/thai-constitutional-referendum-2016-voters-in-thailand-go-to-the-polls-to-vote-on-whether-a-new-constitution-which-would-restore-election.md) _Context: Thailand, military_
2. [August 2016 Myanmar earthquake: A 6.8 magnitude earthquake hits central Myanmar, 25km west of the town of Chauk, and was also felt in Thailand, Bangladesh and India, according to reports. At least three people are killed. ](/news/2016/08/24/august-2016-myanmar-earthquake-a-6-8-magnitude-earthquake-hits-central-myanmar-25km-west-of-the-town-of-chauk-and-was-also-felt-in-thaila.md) _Context: Myanmar, Thailand_
3. [The Military junta of Thailand gives the Royal Thai Armed Forces broad police-like powers. The military is now allowed to prevent or suppress over 27 types of offenses. The move created an outcry from human rights organizations and prompted the United States to express its concern over the growing influence of the military in the country. ](/news/2016/04/5/the-military-junta-of-thailand-gives-the-royal-thai-armed-forces-broad-police-like-powers-the-military-is-now-allowed-to-prevent-or-suppres.md) _Context: Thailand, military_
4. [The People's Republic of China claims that the Golden Triangle regions of Laos, Myanmar and Thailand are the source of most of its imports of heroin and methamphetamine. The region has been known for drug cultivation for centuries. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-people-s-republic-of-china-claims-that-the-golden-triangle-regions-of-laos-myanmar-and-thailand-are-the-source-of-most-of-its-imports-o.md) _Context: Myanmar, Thailand_
5. [Thailand's security forces kill seven alleged drug smugglers from Myanmar in a gunbattle. ](/news/2012/07/16/thailand-s-security-forces-kill-seven-alleged-drug-smugglers-from-myanmar-in-a-gunbattle.md) _Context: Myanmar, Thailand_
6. [Nine servicemen from the Thai army are arrested on suspicion of killing 13 Chinese sailors on October 5 in a section of the Mekong River bordering Thailand, Laos and Myanmar. ](/news/2011/10/28/nine-servicemen-from-the-thai-army-are-arrested-on-suspicion-of-killing-13-chinese-sailors-on-october-5-in-a-section-of-the-mekong-river-bor.md) _Context: Myanmar, Thailand_
7. [The bodies of 12 Chinese sailors have been found and one remains missing in Mekong river, where Thailand, Laos and Myanmar meet, after the incident last week in which two Chinese cargo vessels were hijacked by suspected drug smugglers in the Golden Triangle, and later captured by Thai river police.](/news/2011/10/11/the-bodies-of-12-chinese-sailors-have-been-found-and-one-remains-missing-in-mekong-river-where-thailand-laos-and-myanmar-meet-after-the-i.md) _Context: Myanmar, Thailand_
8. [Trial of Yingluck Shinawatra: Senior members of the Pheu Thai Party report former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra left Thailand last week ahead of the verdict in her negligence trial. She is in Dubai where her brother, Thaksin Shinawatra, lives. ](/news/2017/08/26/trial-of-yingluck-shinawatra-senior-members-of-the-pheu-thai-party-report-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-left-thailand-last-week.md) _Context: Thailand_
9. [Rohingya insurgency in Western Myanmar: 2016-17 Northern Rakhine State clashes: Government officials in Myanmar report that 12 security personnel (ten policemen, one soldier and one immigration officer) and 59 Rohingya insurgents were killed overnight during coordinated attacks by insurgents on at least 26 police posts and an army base in Rakhine State. ](/news/2017/08/25/rohingya-insurgency-in-western-myanmar-2016-17-northern-rakhine-state-clashes-government-officials-in-myanmar-report-that-12-security-pe.md) _Context: Myanmar_
10. [2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar: A mob of at least a hundred Rakhine Buddhists in Sittwe, Rakhine State, Myanmar, attack seven Rohingya men from Dapaing Camp for internally displaced persons, killing one and severely injuring another. The Rohingya men were being escorted by police to Sittwe's docks to purchase boats, but were attacked despite armed guards being present. ](/news/2017/07/4/2016-17-rohingya-persecution-in-myanmar-a-mob-of-at-least-a-hundred-rakhine-buddhists-in-sittwe-rakhine-state-myanmar-attack-seven-roh.md) _Context: Myanmar_
