### [2011-07-24](/news/2011/07/24/index.md)

# Timothy Geithner, the United States Secretary of the Treasury, says that President Barack Obama will not invoke the United States Constitution to raise the debt ceiling unilaterally. The idea has been under consideration due to the 14th amendment requiring that "the validity of the public debt of the United States [...] shall not be questioned."  

Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said on Sunday that after careful review it was not an option for President Barack Obama to raise the debt ceiling on his own by invoking constitutional authority.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/07/24/us-usa-debt-geithner-idUSTRE76N15C20110724)

### Related:

1. [A U.S. federal judge declines plaintiffs request for an  emergency order requiring Texas issue birth certificates to U.S.-born children of immigrant families who entered the country illegally.  The judge said Matricula Consular cards issued by Mexican consulates to their citizens in the U.S. aren't secure. The U.S. Constitution's 14th Amendment guarantees the right of citizenship to children born in the United States. ](/news/2015/10/16/a-u-s-federal-judge-declines-plaintiffs-request-for-an-emergency-order-requiring-texas-issue-birth-certificates-to-u-s-born-children-of-i.md) _Context: Constitution, United States Constitution_
2. [The United States Senate passes legislation to raise the debt ceiling in order to avert the 2011 US debt ceiling crisis and President Barack Obama signs it into law. ](/news/2011/08/2/the-united-states-senate-passes-legislation-to-raise-the-debt-ceiling-in-order-to-avert-the-2011-us-debt-ceiling-crisis-and-president-barack.md) _Context: Obama, debt ceiling_
3. [The U.S. Secretary of the Treasury, Timothy Geithner, says at a meeting in Nanjing, China that the "most important problem" in the world's monetary system is that some countries refuse to allow the free flow of the value of their currency. ](/news/2011/03/31/the-u-s-secretary-of-the-treasury-timothy-geithner-says-at-a-meeting-in-nanjing-china-that-the-most-important-problem-in-the-world-s-m.md) _Context: Secretary of the Treasury, Timothy Geithner_
4. [The Secretary of the Treasury of the U.S., Timothy Geithner, appears before a committee of the United States House of Representatives to discuss his actions in 2008, when he was the President of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, in the rescue of troubled insurance industry giant AIG. ](/news/2010/01/27/the-secretary-of-the-treasury-of-the-u-s-timothy-geithner-appears-before-a-committee-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-to-dis.md) _Context: Secretary of the Treasury, Timothy Geithner_
5. [ Chief Justice nominee John G. Roberts affirms before the Senate Judiciary Committee today his belief in a constitutional right to privacy, which underpins many Constitutional amendments (viz. 1, 4, 5, 9, 13 and 14) as well as Roe v. Wade. (This does not translate to support specifically for Roe v. Wade.) He answers questions regarding civil rights in wartime, torture and the role on international law in interpreting the Constitution. ](/news/2005/09/13/chief-justice-nominee-john-g-roberts-affirms-before-the-senate-judiciary-committee-today-his-belief-in-a-constitutional-right-to-privacy.md) _Context: Constitution, United States Constitution_
6. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. president Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Obama_
7. [U.S. President Donald Trump accuses former President Barack Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower the month before the 2016 presidential election but offers no evidence to support his claim. A spokesman for President Obama rejects these claims. ](/news/2017/03/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-accuses-former-president-barack-obama-of-wiretapping-trump-tower-the-month-before-the-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: Obama_
8. [United States Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says he thinks the longer term status of president Bashar al-Assad is to be "decided by the Syrian people". This appears as a policy shift, since under president Barack Obama's administration, the United States made the departure of Assad a key policy aim. ](/news/2017/03/30/united-states-secretary-of-state-rex-tillerson-says-he-thinks-the-longer-term-status-of-president-bashar-al-assad-is-to-be-decided-by-the-s.md) _Context: Obama_
9. [U.S. President Trump signs an executive order undoing former President Obama's climate change policies. ](/news/2017/03/28/u-s-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-undoing-former-president-obama-s-climate-change-policies.md) _Context: Obama_
10. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: Obama_
