### [2016-05-8](/news/2016/05/8/index.md)

#   Prime Minister of Australia Malcolm Turnbull has called a historic double dissolution election with both houses of Parliament being dissolved and an election to be held on July 2. 

Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says Australians will go to the polls on July 2 in a double dissolution election.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2016-05-08/malcolm-turnbull-announces-federal-election-live-blog/7391958)

### Related:

1. [Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull's Liberal/National coalition, behind Bill Shorten's Labor Party in the first 48 hours following Saturday's election, is now ahead of Labor in the Lower House, 74-71 seats; 76 seats are needed to form a government. Minor parties and independents have won five seats;  mail-in and absentee votes are still being counted. Turnbull is on the road today seeking support from a small handful of independent and small party lawmakers. ](/news/2016/07/7/australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-s-liberal-national-coalition-behind-bill-shorten-s-labor-party-in-the-first-48-hours-following-s.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Federal election, Malcolm Turnbull_
2. [The election deadlock continues as neither Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull nor  opposition leader  Bill Shorten has the minimum number of  Lower House seats (76) needed to form a government. Shorten leads Turnbull, 71-67, with only six seats undecided. ](/news/2016/07/4/the-election-deadlock-continues-as-neither-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-nor-opposition-leader-bill-shorten-has-the-minimum-n.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Federal election, Malcolm Turnbull_
3. [Australians vote to elect a government for the next three years.  Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, leader of the conservative Liberal Party-led Coalition, dissolved both houses of Parliament in May in a bid for a Senate more friendly to his agenda. The final result showed the Coalition with a bare 1 seat majority in the House with 76 seats and the Australian Labor Party with 69 seats. ](/news/2016/07/2/australians-vote-to-elect-a-government-for-the-next-three-years-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-leader-of-the-conservative-liberal-party.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Federal election, Parliament_
4. [The Leader of the Opposition, Bill Shorten, concedes defeat as continued counting in marginal seats indicates that the governing coalition of the Liberal Party and National Party will either win a narrow majority or be able to govern with the support of independents. Malcolm Turnbull will continue as Prime Minister of Australia and has claimed victory. ](/news/2016/07/10/the-leader-of-the-opposition-bill-shorten-concedes-defeat-as-continued-counting-in-marginal-seats-indicates-that-the-governing-coalition-o.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Federal election, Malcolm Turnbull_
5. [ Australian federal election, 2007: The national election in Australia results in a change of government, with the Australian Labor Party securing an electoral swing of more than 5%.  Kevin Rudd will take office as 26th Prime Minister of Australia and the outgoing Prime Minister John Howard is also likely to lose his seat in parliament.  [http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/story/0,25197,22814923-601,00.html (The Australian)] John Howard calls the leader of the Australian Labor Party, Kevin Rudd, on the phone and concedes defeat. ](/news/2007/11/24/australian-federal-election-2007-p-the-national-election-in-australia-results-in-a-change-of-government-with-the-australian-labor-party-s.md) _Context: Australia, Australian Prime Minister, Parliament_
6. [Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull expresses shock and demands answers after an Australian woman, who called 9-1-1 for help because of a suspected assault near her home, was shot and killed on Saturday by a U.S. police officer who had responded in Minneapolis, Minnesota. ](/news/2017/07/19/australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-expresses-shock-and-demands-answers-after-an-australian-woman-who-called-9-1-1-for-help-because.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Malcolm Turnbull_
7. [Australian prime minister Malcolm Turnbull plans to introduce a plebiscite on the legality of same-sex marriage in the country. ](/news/2016/09/14/australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-plans-to-introduce-a-plebiscite-on-the-legality-of-same-sex-marriage-in-the-country.md) _Context: Australia, Malcolm Turnbull_
8. [Standard & Poor's drops Australia's debt outlook from stable to negative following the country's surprisingly close election this weekend. ](/news/2016/07/6/standard-poor-s-drops-australia-s-debt-outlook-from-stable-to-negative-following-the-country-s-surprisingly-close-election-this-weekend.md) _Context: Australia, Federal election_
9. [The Prime Minister of Australia Malcolm Turnbull announces that a Royal Commission will be held into the Northern Territory youth justice system after the Australian Broadcasting Commission's Four Corners program shows footage of juvenile Aboriginal Australians being tortured at the Don Dale Juvenile Detention Centre. John Elferink has been sacked as the Northern Territory's Minister for Justice and Corrections following the report. ](/news/2016/07/26/the-prime-minister-of-australia-malcolm-turnbull-announces-that-a-royal-commission-will-be-held-into-the-northern-territory-youth-justice-sy.md) _Context: Australian Prime Minister, Malcolm Turnbull_
10. [The Prime Minister of Australia, Malcolm Turnbull said that his country would open up trading with the United Kingdom in a post-EU trade deal. ](/news/2016/07/17/the-prime-minister-of-australia-malcolm-turnbull-said-that-his-country-would-open-up-trading-with-the-united-kingdom-in-a-post-eu-trade-dea.md) _Context: Australia, Malcolm Turnbull_
