### [2016-05-8](/news/2016/05/8/index.md)

#  Syrian Civil War. Spillover of the Syrian Civil War. Turkey-ISIL conflict. Turkish shelling kills 55 Islamic State of Iraq and Syria insurgents in northern Syria in retaliation for rocket attacks on Kilis, a Turkish border town. [http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-turkey-idUSKCN0XZ05R (Reuters)] [http://www.dailyprogress.com/news/world/wire/report-turkey-attacks-is-in-syria-militants-killed/article_4b13cd44-6a6b-5be8-91ba-5d4b5cf3af2b.html (Daily Progress)]. Three Spanish journalists were released after being abducted around Aleppo, Syria, and held hostage by the Al-Nusra Front since 13 July 2015. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/07/three-spanish-journalists-released-in-syria-by-al-qaeda-group-af/ (The Telegraph (UK))]




### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkey, al-Nusra_
2. [ Syrian Civil War. Aleppo offensive (May 2016). More than 72 are killed in clashes between Al-Nusra Front and Syrian government forces in Khan Tuman south of Aleppo, Syria. ](/news/2016/05/6/syrian-civil-war-aleppo-offensive-may-2016-more-than-72-are-killed-in-clashes-between-al-nusra-front-and-syrian-government-forces-in-kh.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syria, Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra_
3. [Spillover of the Syrian Civil War. Turkey claims that its artillery fire together with U.S. air strikes killed more than 104 ISIL militants after rockets fired from northern Syria killed several people in the Turkish town of Kilis. ](/news/2016/05/28/spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-turkey-claims-that-its-artillery-fire-together-with-u-s-air-strikes-killed-more-than-104-isil-militants.md) _Context: Kilis, Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Syria, Turkey_
4. [ Syrian Civil War. Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens unilateral action against Islamic State of Iraq and Syria inside Syria. ](/news/2016/05/12/syrian-civil-war-turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-unilateral-action-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-inside-syria.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
5. [Syrian Civil War. Rockets fired by ISIL from northern Syria hit a poor neighborhood and a mosque in the Turkish city of Kilis, killing one person and injuring 26 others. Turkish security forces responded by returning fire into Syria. ](/news/2016/04/24/syrian-civil-war-rockets-fired-by-isil-from-northern-syria-hit-a-poor-neighborhood-and-a-mosque-in-the-turkish-city-of-kilis-killing-one-p.md) _Context: Kilis, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
6. [Spillover of the Syrian Civil War. Mortar shells fired from Syria kill at least one person and injure another in the Turkish border town of Kilis. ](/news/2016/03/8/spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-mortar-shells-fired-from-syria-kill-at-least-one-person-and-injure-another-in-the-turkish-border-town-of.md) _Context: Kilis, Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Syria, Turkey_
7. [Spillover of the Syrian Civil War. A rocket fired from ISIL-controlled territory in Syria's Aleppo Governorate, kills at least one person and injures another in the Turkish city of Kilis, close to the Syria-Turkey border. The Turkish military responded with artillery fire on ISIL positions. ](/news/2016/01/18/spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-a-rocket-fired-from-isil-controlled-territory-in-syria-s-aleppo-governorate-kills-at-least-one-person-an.md) _Context: Kilis, Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Syria, Turkey_
8. [Syrian civil war:. Syrian rebels capture Menagh Military Airbase in Aleppo near the Turkish border. ](/news/2013/08/6/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-capture-menagh-military-airbase-in-aleppo-near-the-turkish-border.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
9. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
10. [Syrian Civil War. The United Nations Security Council unanimously votes in favor of the Russian and Turkey-backed ceasefire currently in effect in Syria. ](/news/2017/01/1/syrian-civil-war-the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-votes-in-favor-of-the-russian-and-turkey-backed-ceasefire-currently-in-eff.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
