### [2016-05-8](/news/2016/05/8/index.md)

#    Turkish shelling kills 55 Islamic State of Iraq and Syria insurgents in northern Syria in retaliation for rocket attacks on Kilis, a Turkish border town. 

Turkish shelling killed 55 Islamic State insurgents in northern Syria on Saturday, military sources said, in retaliation for weeks of rocket attacks on a Turkish border town.


### Source:

1. [Daily Progress](http://www.dailyprogress.com/news/world/wire/report-turkey-attacks-is-in-syria-militants-killed/article_4b13cd44-6a6b-5be8-91ba-5d4b5cf3af2b.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-turkey-idUSKCN0XZ05R)
3. [The Telegraph (UK](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/07/three-spanish-journalists-released-in-syria-by-al-qaeda-group-af/)

### Related:

1. [Turkey claims that its artillery fire together with U.S. air strikes killed more than 104 ISIL militants after rockets fired from northern Syria killed several people in the Turkish town of Kilis. ](/news/2016/05/28/turkey-claims-that-its-artillery-fire-together-with-u-s-air-strikes-killed-more-than-104-isil-militants-after-rockets-fired-from-northern-s.md) _Context: Kilis, Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Syria, Turkish_
2. [  Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens unilateral action against Islamic State of Iraq and Syria inside Syria.  ](/news/2016/05/12/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-unilateral-action-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-inside-syria.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkish_
3. [Rockets fired by ISIL from northern Syria hit a poor neighborhood and a mosque in the Turkish city of Kilis, killing one person and injuring 26 others. Turkish security forces responded by returning fire into Syria. ](/news/2016/04/24/rockets-fired-by-isil-from-northern-syria-hit-a-poor-neighborhood-and-a-mosque-in-the-turkish-city-of-kilis-killing-one-person-and-injuring.md) _Context: Kilis, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkish_
4. [Mortar shells fired from Syria kill at least one person and injure another in the Turkish border town of Kilis. ](/news/2016/03/8/mortar-shells-fired-from-syria-kill-at-least-one-person-and-injure-another-in-the-turkish-border-town-of-kilis.md) _Context: Kilis, Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Syria, Turkish_
5. [A rocket fired from ISIL-controlled territory in Syria's Aleppo Governorate, kills at least one person and injures another in the Turkish city of Kilis, close to the Syria-Turkey border. The Turkish military responded with artillery fire on ISIL positions. ](/news/2016/01/18/a-rocket-fired-from-isil-controlled-territory-in-syria-s-aleppo-governorate-kills-at-least-one-person-and-injures-another-in-the-turkish-ci.md) _Context: Kilis, Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Syria, Turkish_
6. [The United Nations Security Council unanimously votes in favor of the Russian and Turkey-backed ceasefire currently in effect in Syria. ](/news/2017/01/1/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-votes-in-favor-of-the-russian-and-turkey-backed-ceasefire-currently-in-effect-in-syria.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkish_
7. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkish_
8. [Turkey sends more tanks into northern Syria to continue its offensive against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG). ](/news/2016/08/25/turkey-sends-more-tanks-into-northern-syria-to-continue-its-offensive-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-and-kurdish-people-s-prot.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkish_
9. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports at least eight people, including four children, are shot and killed, and another eight wounded by Turkish border guards. The group was trying to cross from northwestern Syria into Turkey's Hatay Province. ](/news/2016/06/18/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-at-least-eight-people-including-four-children-are-shot-and-killed-and-another-eight-wound.md) _Context: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War, Syria, Turkish_
10. [Kurdish parties in northern Syria declare the establishment of a federal system in areas they control.  Turkey and the United States had warned this risks further destabilizing the already war-ravaged country. The move was criticized by the government of Syria. ](/news/2016/03/17/kurdish-parties-in-northern-syria-declare-the-establishment-of-a-federal-system-in-areas-they-control-turkey-and-the-united-states-had-war.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Turkish_
