### [2012-10-23](/news/2012/10/23/index.md)

# A young Pakistani man, whose father was killed by drones alongside 40 others in March 2011, seeks to block the sharing of British intelligence with the CIA. This represents the first serious legal challenge in the English courts to Britain's involvement in the drones campaign. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2012/oct/23/uk-support-us-drones-pakistan-war-crime)

### Related:

1. [An American who formerly worked for the Central Intelligence Agency is arrested on charges of selling classified information to Chinese operatives in May 2017. ](/news/2017/06/22/an-american-who-formerly-worked-for-the-central-intelligence-agency-is-arrested-on-charges-of-selling-classified-information-to-chinese-oper.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency_
2. [Former United States officials report that 18-20 Central Intelligence Agency sources were killed or imprisoned by the Government of China between 2010 and 2012, which significantly hampered the United States Intelligence Community. ](/news/2017/05/20/former-united-states-officials-report-that-18a20-central-intelligence-agency-sources-were-killed-or-imprisoned-by-the-government-of-china.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency_
3. [WikiLeaks releases thousands of documents that it claims provides details of surveillance software used by the United States Central Intelligence Agency. ](/news/2017/03/7/wikileaks-releases-thousands-of-documents-that-it-claims-provides-details-of-surveillance-software-used-by-the-united-states-central-intelli.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency_
4. [The Kremlin arrests four people, Kaspersky Lab's  Ruslan Stoyanov, and  three officials in the Federal Security Service (FSB previously KGB) Center for Information Security, reportedly on treason charges for passing information to  America's CIA. ](/news/2017/01/31/the-kremlin-arrests-four-people-kaspersky-lab-s-ruslan-stoyanov-and-three-officials-in-the-federal-security-service-fsb-previously-kgb.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency_
5. [A drone collides at London's Heathrow Airport with an Airbus A320 carrying 132 passengers and five crew,  with no injuries reported. ](/news/2016/04/17/a-drone-collides-at-london-s-heathrow-airport-with-an-airbus-a320-carrying-132-passengers-and-five-crew-with-no-injuries-reported.md) _Context: drone_
6. [  U.S. officials say unmanned airstrikes in southern Somalia killed about a dozen suspected militants from the al Qaeda-linked group al Shabaab on Monday and Tuesday. ](/news/2016/04/12/u-s-officials-say-unmanned-airstrikes-in-southern-somalia-killed-about-a-dozen-suspected-militants-from-the-al-qaeda-linked-group-al-shab.md) _Context: drone_
7. [Swiss police in Geneva, following yesterday's CIA tip, arrest two Syrian nationals. Apparently, traces of explosives were found in their car. President Simonetta Sommaruga says, "There is currently no indication that there was a concrete attack planned." ](/news/2015/12/11/swiss-police-in-geneva-following-yesterday-s-cia-tip-arrest-two-syrian-nationals-apparently-traces-of-explosives-were-found-in-their-car.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency_
8. [Swiss officials say police, based on a CIA tip, are hunting for at least four Islamic State-associated suspects believed to be plotting an attack in Geneva. ](/news/2015/12/10/swiss-officials-say-police-based-on-a-cia-tip-are-hunting-for-at-least-four-islamic-state-associated-suspects-believed-to-be-plotting-an-a.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency_
9. [The Oklahoma Department of Corrections says a drone carrying mobile phones, drugs, and hacksaw blades crashed at the Oklahoma State Penitentiary in McAlester before inmates could grab the contraband. This is fourth reported drone-attempt in the United States; the others were at prisons in Ohio, Maryland, and South Carolina. ](/news/2015/10/29/the-oklahoma-department-of-corrections-says-a-drone-carrying-mobile-phones-drugs-and-hacksaw-blades-crashed-at-the-oklahoma-state-penitent.md) _Context: drone_
10. [Wikileaks releases U.S. Central Intelligence Agency director John O. Brennan's personal information after the top spy's personal email account was allegedly hacked by a 13-year-old and information sent to Wikileaks. All of the documents predate Brennan's time in the Obama administration and reveal no classified data. Among the information released are Social Security numbers,  an incomplete questionnaire for security clearance, and addresses of his family and associates. ](/news/2015/10/21/wikileaks-releases-u-s-central-intelligence-agency-director-john-o-brennan-s-personal-information-after-the-top-spy-s-personal-email-accou.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency_
