### [2012-10-23](/news/2012/10/23/index.md)

# Four third-party U.S. presidential election candidates&mdash;representing the Libertarian, Green, Constitution, and Justice parties, who were excluded from the high-profile televised encounters between Mitt Romney or Barack Obama&mdash;attend their own presidential debate hosted in Chicago by the Free and Equal Elections Foundation, which hopes for a more transparent and open electoral system. Romney (with the Republican Party) and Obama (with the Democratic Party) refuse invitations to attend the debate, televised on international news channels but on no major U.S. network. 

Representatives of the Libertarian, Green, Constitution, and Justice parties have held a presidential debate in Chicago.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/americas/2012/10/20121023185635673481.html)
2. [Press TV](http://presstv.com/usdetail/268084.html)
3. [The Sacramento Bee](http://www.sacbee.com/2012/10/22/4929868/rt-to-air-third-party-us-presidential.html)
4. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-fix/wp/2012/10/23/previewing-the-third-party-presidential-candidates-debate/)
5. [VOR](http://english.ruvr.ru/2012_10_23/Third-party-presidential-debate-presented-by-Russian-TV-channel/)

### Related:

1. [United States Republican Party chairman Michael Steele is heavily criticised by members of his own party and by members of the Democratic Party for saying America's war in Afghanistan is "a war of Obama's choosing". ](/news/2010/07/3/united-states-republican-party-chairman-michael-steele-is-heavily-criticised-by-members-of-his-own-party-and-by-members-of-the-democratic-pa.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Democrat, Republican_
2. [ Democratic Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich is arrested by Federal Bureau of Investigation agents at his Chicago home, amidst allegations of corruption and pay-to-play regarding the replacement for United States President-elect Barack Obama in the Senate. ](/news/2008/12/9/democratic-illinois-governor-rod-blagojevich-is-arrested-by-federal-bureau-of-investigation-agents-at-his-chicago-home-amidst-allegations.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Chicago, Democrat_
3. [ United States general elections: Democrat Barack Obama wins the 2008 United States presidential election after beating Republican John McCain, becoming the first African American to be elected to the office of President of the United States. ](/news/2008/11/4/united-states-general-elections-p-democrat-barack-obama-wins-the-2008-united-states-presidential-election-after-beating-republican-john-mcc.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Democrat, Republican_
4. [ United States presidential election, 2008:  Voters in Nevada and South Carolina go to the polls to determine presidential nominations for the Republican and Democratic parties.  Former Governor of Massachusetts Mitt Romney wins the Nevada Republican caucus. ](/news/2008/01/19/united-states-presidential-election-2008-p-voters-in-nevada-and-south-carolina-go-to-the-polls-to-determine-presidential-nominations-for.md) _Context: Democrat, Mitt Romney, Republican_
5. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Mitt Romney wins the Republican Michigan primary with John McCain finishing second. Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic contest but she was the only leading contender in that election. Democratic candidates brace for a competitive primary in Nevada while Republicans contend for the South Carolina primary. ](/news/2008/01/15/united-states-presidential-election-2008-mitt-romney-wins-the-republican-michigan-primary-with-john-mccain-finishing-second-hillary-clin.md) _Context: Democrat, Mitt Romney, Republican_
6. [ Bobby Jindal of the Republican Party is elected as the next Governor of Louisiana and becomes the first Indian American governor in the history of the United States. With 53% of the vote, he defeats five Democrats, a Libertarian and five independents without requiring a runoff. ](/news/2007/10/20/bobby-jindal-of-the-republican-party-is-elected-as-the-next-governor-of-louisiana-and-becomes-the-first-indian-american-governor-in-the-his.md) _Context: Democrat, Libertarian, Republican_
7. [Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia.  ](/news/2017/04/18/democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u-s-house-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-now-health-and-human-serv.md) _Context: Democrat, Republican_
8. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: Democrat, Republican_
9. [John N. Kennedy of the Republican Party defeats Foster Campbell of the Democratic Party to become the junior Senator for Louisiana. ](/news/2016/12/10/john-n-kennedy-of-the-republican-party-defeats-foster-campbell-of-the-democratic-party-to-become-the-junior-senator-for-louisiana.md) _Context: Democrat, Republican_
10. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016Although he narrowly lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016palthough-he-narrowly-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nom.md) _Context: Democrat, Republican_
