### [2013-02-16](/news/2013/02/16/index.md)

# Malaysia detains Australian Senator Nick Xenophon who was visiting as part of a delegation to discuss forthcoming elections and seeks to deport him for taking part in a protest in Kuala Lumpur last year. 

Malaysian officials detain Australian senator, Nick Xenophon, under national security laws as he arrives on an election fact-finding mission.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-21483133)

### Related:

1. [Australia issues a security alert, warning that terrorists may be planning attacks in and around the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur. It also recommended that Australians avoid travel to the coastal region of eastern Sabah, where the beaches and islands are popular with foreign tourists. ](/news/2016/02/21/australia-issues-a-security-alert-warning-that-terrorists-may-be-planning-attacks-in-and-around-the-malaysian-capital-kuala-lumpur-it-also.md) _Context: Australia, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia_
2. [Australia and Malaysia sign a pact to exchange asylum seekers in Kuala Lumpur. ](/news/2011/07/25/australia-and-malaysia-sign-a-pact-to-exchange-asylum-seekers-in-kuala-lumpur.md) _Context: Australia, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia_
3. [Tens of thousands of people protest in the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur, calling for Prime Minister Najib Razak to step down amid an ongoing corruption scandal involving 1Malaysia Development Berhad. ](/news/2016/11/19/tens-of-thousands-of-people-protest-in-the-malaysian-capital-kuala-lumpur-calling-for-prime-minister-najib-razak-to-step-down-amid-an-ongoi.md) _Context: Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia_
4. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: Australia, Malaysia_
5. [Tens of thousands of Malaysians rally in the capital Kuala Lumpur calling for Prime Minister Najib Razak to step down over a financial scandal where a MYR 2.672 billion (USD 700 million) payment was made to his bank account from unnamed foreign donors. ](/news/2015/08/29/tens-of-thousands-of-malaysians-rally-in-the-capital-kuala-lumpur-calling-for-prime-minister-najib-razak-to-step-down-over-a-financial-scand.md) _Context: Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia_
6. [South East Asian migrant crisisThe foreign ministers of Indonesia, Malaysia and Thailand meet in Kuala Lumpur to discuss people smuggling and the migrant crisis. Malaysia and Indonesia agree to accept asylum seekers providing that they can be resettled or repatriated within a year. ](/news/2015/05/20/south-east-asian-migrant-crisispthe-foreign-ministers-of-indonesia-malaysia-and-thailand-meet-in-kuala-lumpur-to-discuss-people-smuggling-a.md) _Context: Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia_
7. [The United States Congress negotiates a deal to fast track the Trans-Pacific Partnership between the US and Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/04/16/the-united-states-congress-negotiates-a-deal-to-fast-track-the-trans-pacific-partnership-between-the-us-and-australia-brunei-canada-chile.md) _Context: Australia, Malaysia_
8. [A hand grenade explodes in the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur killing one person and injuring 13. ](/news/2014/10/9/a-hand-grenade-explodes-in-the-malaysian-capital-kuala-lumpur-killing-one-person-and-injuring-13.md) _Context: Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia_
9. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370:Australia, Malaysia and the People's Republic of China reach an agreement about the costs and direction of the ongoing search for the wreckage of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 which is believed to have crashed in the Indian Ocean southwest of Western Australia. ](/news/2014/08/28/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-paustralia-malaysia-and-the-people-s-republic-of-china-reach-an-agreement-about-the-costs-and-direction-of-the.md) _Context: Australia, Malaysia_
10. [Australian Senate special election in Western Australia, 2014:Voters in the Australian state of Western Australia go to the polls for a Federal Senate election. ](/news/2014/04/5/australian-senate-special-election-in-western-australia-2014-pvoters-in-the-australian-state-of-western-australia-go-to-the-polls-for-a-fed.md) _Context: Australia, Senate of Australia_
