### [2009-04-30](/news/2009/04/30/index.md)

#  Helios Airways and four executives are charged with 119 counts of manslaughter over the crash of Flight 522 in 2005. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5jbNtBxJZFBZkqpQMwKvZUHmV5O1gD97SR9582)

### Related:

1. [ Helios Airways Flight 522 en route from Larnaca, Cyprus via Athens, Greece to Prague, Czech Republic crashes near Athens, with at least 121 onboard. Observations from Greek fighter aircraft indicate a decompression problem. ](/news/2005/08/14/helios-airways-flight-522-en-route-from-larnaca-cyprus-via-athens-greece-to-prague-czech-republic-crashes-near-athens-with-at-least-121.md) _Context: Flight 522, Helios Airways_
2. [Aftermath of the Mamasapano clash. Former President of the Philippines Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III is indicted (among others) by the Office of the Ombudsman for his failure in handling the 2015 Mamasapano clash, which resulted in the deaths of 44 members of the Special Action Forces of the Philippine National Police. Aquino's legal team has vowed to appeal for a motion for reconsideration; as well as the group Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption (representing the victims' families), against what they call a "weak case" (citing Aquino's charges of "graft" & "usurpation of authority", instead of "reckless imprudence resulting in multiple homicide") ](/news/2017/07/14/aftermath-of-the-mamasapano-clash-former-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-noynoy-aquino-iii-is-indicted-among-others-by-the-office.md) _Context: indicted_
3. [Aftermath of the Hillsborough disaster. Six people are charged with various offences including manslaughter by gross negligence following the Hillsborough disaster in 1989. ](/news/2017/06/28/aftermath-of-the-hillsborough-disaster-six-people-are-charged-with-various-offences-including-manslaughter-by-gross-negligence-following-th.md) _Context: manslaughter by gross negligence_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Hebron shooting incident. Following last month's manslaughter conviction, Israeli soldier Elor Azaria is sentenced to 18 months in prison by a military court for, during a violent incident, his deadly shooting of the wounded, unarmed, prone Palestinian Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, who had stabbed a soldier last March in Hebron. ](/news/2017/02/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hebron-shooting-incident-following-last-month-s-manslaughter-conviction-israeli-soldier-elor-azaria-is-sen.md) _Context: manslaughter by gross negligence_
5. [2016 South Korean political scandal. An interim report by South Korean prosecutors implicates President Park Geun-hye in a political scandal involving her close friend Choi Soon-sil. Three people have been indicted in relation to the scandal. President Park cannot be indicted due to a constitutional provision preventing a sitting President being indicted except for treason or insurrection. ](/news/2016/11/20/2016-south-korean-political-scandal-an-interim-report-by-south-korean-prosecutors-implicates-president-park-geun-hye-in-a-political-scandal.md) _Context: indicted_
6. [Jury selection begins for the trial of William Porter, a Baltimore, Maryland police officer charged with manslaughter and other charges surrounding the April 19 death of Freddie Gray. Porter is the first of six officers to be tried. ](/news/2015/11/30/jury-selection-begins-for-the-trial-of-william-porter-a-baltimore-maryland-police-officer-charged-with-manslaughter-and-other-charges-surr.md) _Context: manslaughter by gross negligence_
7. [The U.S. Justice Department files criminal charges against three individuals and three companies--Black Elk, Grand Isle Shipyard and oil field services company Wood Group--in connection with a 2012 oil platform incident in the Gulf of Mexico that left three workers dead. The charges range from manslaughter to violations of the federal Clean Water Act. ](/news/2015/11/20/the-u-s-justice-department-files-criminal-charges-against-three-individuals-and-three-companies-black-elk-grand-isle-shipyard-and-oil-fie.md) _Context: manslaughter by gross negligence_
8. [Former Speaker of the United States House of Representatives Dennis Hastert is indicted for allegedly trying to evade banking reporting requirements and lying to the Federal Bureau of Investigations. ](/news/2015/05/28/former-speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-dennis-hastert-is-indicted-for-allegedly-trying-to-evade-banking-reporting-requ.md) _Context: indicted_
9. [A volunteer police officer is charged with manslaughter in the shooting death of Eric Harris, an unarmed man who was shot while lying on his back in Tulsa, Oklahoma. ](/news/2015/04/13/a-volunteer-police-officer-is-charged-with-manslaughter-in-the-shooting-death-of-eric-harris-an-unarmed-man-who-was-shot-while-lying-on-his.md) _Context: manslaughter by gross negligence_
10. [In a five-day national dragnet last week, Operation Cross Check, the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) rounds up 2,059 people who had been convicted of crimes and had been living in the country illegally. Most were not violent criminals (none were implicated in terrorism; almost all the 912 misdemeanors were for driving under the influence, DWI; 476 of the felons were charged with an immigration violation, though some were convicted of manslaughter, robbery, rape, and child pornography). ](/news/2015/03/9/in-a-five-day-national-dragnet-last-week-operation-cross-check-the-u-s-immigration-and-customs-enforcement-ice-rounds-up-2-059-people-w.md) _Context: manslaughter by gross negligence_
