### [2012-04-26](/news/2012/04/26/index.md)

# In a second day of evidence, Rupert Murdoch tells the Leveson Inquiry there was a "cover-up" at the "News of the World", but that it was kept hidden from him. 

Rupert Murdoch tells the Leveson Inquiry into media ethics there was a &quot;cover-up&quot; at the News of the World but that it was kept hidden from him.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-17850093)

### Related:

1. [John Major, who was British Prime Minister between 1990 and 1997, tells the Leveson Inquiry that Rupert Murdoch warned him before the 1997 general election to switch policy on Europe or his newspapers would not support him. The Conservative Party subsequently lost power to Labour, with Murdoch's "The Sun" tabloid daily supporting Major's rival Tony Blair. ](/news/2012/06/12/john-major-who-was-british-prime-minister-between-1990-and-1997-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-that-rupert-murdoch-warned-him-before-the-1997-g.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry, Rupert Murdoch_
2. [Leveson Inquiry: Former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown tells the Leveson Inquiry into press standards that he did not declare war on Rupert Murdoch after the Labour Party lost the support of "The Sun" newspaper in 2009. ](/news/2012/06/11/leveson-inquiry-former-british-prime-minister-gordon-brown-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-into-press-standards-that-he-did-not-declare-war-on-ru.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry, Rupert Murdoch_
3. [Leveson Inquiry:: Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair tells the Leveson Inquiry he had a "working relationship" with News Corporation chairman Rupert Murdoch, but that Murdoch did not influence policy during his time in office. ](/news/2012/05/28/leveson-inquiry-former-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-he-had-a-working-relationship-with-news-corporation-c.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry, Rupert Murdoch_
4. [News Corporation scandal:: Tony Blair's former Director of Communications, Alastair Campbell, tells the Leveson Inquiry that there was no "express deal" between Blair and News Corporation CEO Rupert Murdoch in the run-up to the 1997 UK general election. ](/news/2012/05/14/news-corporation-scandal-tony-blair-s-former-director-of-communications-alastair-campbell-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-that-there-was-no-e.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry, Rupert Murdoch_
5. [British prime minister David Cameron allowed his former spokesman Andy Coulson, the ex-editor of the now-defunct "News of the World" tabloid, access to some of the British government's most sensitive secrets without full security clearance, the Leveson Inquiry is told. ](/news/2012/05/10/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-allowed-his-former-spokesman-andy-coulson-the-ex-editor-of-the-now-defunct-news-of-the-world-tabloid.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry, News of the World_
6. [News International phone hacking scandal: The House of Commons Culture, Media and Sport Committee publishes its report into phone hacking at the "News of the World". The committee concludes that Rupert Murdoch "is not a fit person" to run a major international company and exhibited "wilful blindness" to phone-hacking and other practices going on in his media empire. The report also accuses three News Corporation executives of giving misleading evidence. ](/news/2012/05/1/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-the-house-of-commons-culture-media-and-sport-committee-publishes-its-report-into-phone-hacking-at.md) _Context: News of the World, Rupert Murdoch_
7. [News International phone hacking scandal: Singer Charlotte Church and her parents agree damages and costs of GBP600,000 (US$950,000) with Rupert Murdoch's News Group, publishers of the defunct "News of the World". ](/news/2012/02/27/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-singer-charlotte-church-and-her-parents-agree-damages-and-costs-of-gbp600-000-us-950-000-with-ru.md) _Context: News of the World, Rupert Murdoch_
8. [Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation launches the "The Sun on Sunday" to replace the "News of the World", which closed due to a phone hacking controversy. ](/news/2012/02/26/rupert-murdoch-s-news-corporation-launches-the-the-sun-on-sunday-to-replace-the-news-of-the-world-which-closed-due-to-a-phone-hacking-c.md) _Context: News of the World, Rupert Murdoch_
9. [Former editor of "The Sun" and the "News of the World" Piers Morgan is called to give evidence before the Leveson Inquiry, and will appear next week. ](/news/2011/12/15/former-editor-of-the-sun-and-the-news-of-the-world-piers-morgan-is-called-to-give-evidence-before-the-leveson-inquiry-and-will-appear-n.md) _Context: Leveson Inquiry, News of the World_
10. [News Corporation affair: News Corporation Chief Executive Rupert Murdoch and his son James Murdoch appear before a select committee of the United Kingdom parliament over the "News of the World" phone hacking affair. Murdoch Senior apologises for the scandal, but says he is not responsible for it. ](/news/2011/07/19/news-corporation-affair-news-corporation-chief-executive-rupert-murdoch-and-his-son-james-murdoch-appear-before-a-select-committee-of-the-u.md) _Context: News of the World, Rupert Murdoch_
