### [2012-04-26](/news/2012/04/26/index.md)

# In American football, the National Football League draft commences in New York City's Radio City Music Hall, with quarterbacks Andrew Luck and Robert Griffin III the first two players chosen. 

Minute-by-minute analysis from the first round of the 2012 NFL Draft in Radio City Music Hall. The Colts took Andrew Luck with the top pick, and the Redskins went with Robert Griffin III. 


### Source:

1. [Wall Street Journal](http://blogs.wsj.com/dailyfix/2012/04/26/2012-nfl-draft-live-blog/)

### Related:

1. [American football quarterback Peyton Manning retires after eighteen seasons in the National Football League with two Super Bowl championships, five MVP awards, and single-season and career league records for most passing yards and touchdown passes. ](/news/2016/03/7/american-football-quarterback-peyton-manning-retires-after-eighteen-seasons-in-the-national-football-league-with-two-super-bowl-championship.md) _Context: American football, National Football League, quarterback_
2. [Deflategate: In American football, the National Football League finds that two New England Patriots employees intentionally deflated footballs used in the American Football Conference game against the Indianapolis Colts and that quarterback Tom Brady was generally aware of the deflation. ](/news/2015/05/6/deflategate-in-american-football-the-national-football-league-finds-that-two-new-england-patriots-employees-intentionally-deflated-footbal.md) _Context: American football, National Football League, quarterback_
3. [In American football, the 2013 NFL Draft begins with Kansas City Chiefs selecting Eric Fisher in New York City's Radio City Music Hall. ](/news/2013/04/25/in-american-football-the-2013-nfl-draft-begins-with-kansas-city-chiefs-selecting-eric-fisher-in-new-york-city-s-radio-city-music-hall.md) _Context: American football, New York's, Radio City Music Hall_
4. [In American football, Drew Brees, the quarterback for the New Orleans Saints, breaks the 1984 National Football League record for yards passing in a single season. ](/news/2011/12/26/in-american-football-drew-brees-the-quarterback-for-the-new-orleans-saints-breaks-the-1984-national-football-league-record-for-yards-pass.md) _Context: American football, National Football League, quarterback_
5. [The US National Football League 2011 draft starts in Radio City Music Hall in New York City. ](/news/2011/04/28/the-us-national-football-league-2011-draft-starts-in-radio-city-music-hall-in-new-york-city.md) _Context: National Football League, New York's, Radio City Music Hall_
6. [In American football, Twitter wins the bidding contest over Amazon, Verizon, and others, for streaming rights to 10 of 16 National Football League (NFL) regular season ''Thursday Night Football Games'', ones that will also be telecast by either CBS or NBC. The league streamed one game last year with Yahoo!. Verizon, meanwhile, already owns the mobile rights to all NFL games which are available to subscribers via a mobile app; the 10 NFL games on Twitter will be free. ](/news/2016/04/5/in-american-football-twitter-wins-the-bidding-contest-over-amazon-verizon-and-others-for-streaming-rights-to-10-of-16-national-football.md) _Context: American football, National Football League_
7. [In American football, the National Football League starts its draft for the 2016 NFL season with the Los Angeles Rams choosing Jared Goff with the first pick. ](/news/2016/04/28/in-american-football-the-national-football-league-starts-its-draft-for-the-2016-nfl-season-with-the-los-angeles-rams-choosing-jared-goff-wi.md) _Context: American football, National Football League_
8. [The National Football League's top health and safety official acknowledges a link between American football and chronic traumatic encephalopathy. ](/news/2016/03/14/the-national-football-league-s-top-health-and-safety-official-acknowledges-a-link-between-american-football-and-chronic-traumatic-encephalop.md) _Context: American football, National Football League_
9. [2015 NFL draft: In American football, the 80th annual National Football League draft is held in Chicago's Auditorium Theater. Jameis Winston of Florida State University is drafted first by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers despite his problematic past. ](/news/2015/04/30/2015-nfl-draft-in-american-football-the-80th-annual-national-football-league-draft-is-held-in-chicago-s-auditorium-theater-jameis-winston.md) _Context: American football, National Football League_
10. [The 68th Tony Awards are held in Radio City Music Hall in New York City with "All the Way" winning the Tony Award for Best Play. ](/news/2014/06/8/the-68th-tony-awards-are-held-in-radio-city-music-hall-in-new-york-city-with-all-the-way-winning-the-tony-award-for-best-play.md) _Context: New York's, Radio City Music Hall_
