### [2016-05-30](/news/2016/05/30/index.md)

# Fabiano Silveira, Minister for Transparency, Supervision and Control, resigns after leaked recordings suggested he tried to derail the Petrobras corruption investigation. This ''anti-corruption'' ministry was created on May 12, 2016, when Vice President Michel Temer was sworn in as acting president. The same tapes led to the resignation of Planning Minister Romero Juca last week. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-36414882)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-brazil-corruption-idUSKCN0YL1SB)

### Related:

1. [Brazilian construction firm Odebrecht and affiliated petrochemical company Braskem plead guilty of violating American foreign bribery laws in connection with the Petrobras deal. ](/news/2016/12/21/brazilian-construction-firm-odebrecht-and-affiliated-petrochemical-company-braskem-plead-guilty-of-violating-american-foreign-bribery-laws-i.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash, Petrobras_
2. [  Vice President of Brazil, Michel Temer, assumes the presidential powers and duties as Acting President of Brazil. ](/news/2016/05/13/vice-president-of-brazil-michel-temer-assumes-the-presidential-powers-and-duties-as-acting-president-of-brazil.md) _Context: Michel Temer, Vice President_
3. [Marco Aurelio Mello, a Supreme Federal Court judge orders Brazil's Chamber of Deputies to start impeachment proceedings against Vice President Michel Temer over charges he helped doctor budget accounting as part of President Dilma Rousseff's administration. ](/news/2016/04/5/marco-aura-c-lio-mello-a-supreme-federal-court-judge-orders-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-to-start-impeachment-proceedings-against-vice-presid.md) _Context: Michel Temer, Vice President_
4. [  President Dilma Rousseff, speaking with teachers and students, says Vice President Michel Temer and Chamber of Deputies Speaker Eduardo Cunha are jointly plotting her downfall. The two men are in line to succeed her if she is impeached. ](/news/2016/04/12/president-dilma-rousseff-speaking-with-teachers-and-students-says-vice-president-michel-temer-and-chamber-of-deputies-speaker-eduardo-cu.md) _Context: Michel Temer, Vice President_
5. [Brazilian Supreme Court Justice Gilmar Mendes rules Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva should be stripped of a ministerial role in President Dilma Rousseff's Cabinet so he can be investigated in connection with the state oil company Petrobras's alleged  kickback scheme. Earlier today, injunctions suspending Lula's appointment  as chief of staff   were overturned at  Attorney General  Jose Eduardo Cardozo's request for a Supreme Court ruling on the motions. ](/news/2016/03/18/brazilian-supreme-court-justice-gilmar-mendes-rules-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-should-be-stripped-of-a-ministerial-role-in-president-dilma-r.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash, Petrobras_
6. [In Brazil, prosecutors lodge corruption charges against Speaker of the Lower House Eduardo Cunha and former President Fernando Collor de Mello, alleging illegal activities involving the state-owned oil company, Petrobras. ](/news/2015/08/20/in-brazil-prosecutors-lodge-corruption-charges-against-speaker-of-the-lower-house-eduardo-cunha-and-former-president-fernando-collor-de-mel.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash, Petrobras_
7. [A Brazilian federal judge orders Petrobras to suspend the sale to Norway's Statoil of its stake in an  offshore prospect,  in response to the National Federation of Oil Workers petition there should have been an open bidding process for this transaction. ](/news/2017/04/17/a-brazilian-federal-judge-orders-petrobras-to-suspend-the-sale-to-norway-s-statoil-of-its-stake-in-an-offshore-prospect-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Petrobras_
8. [Brazilian President Michel Temer deploys the Brazilian Army to the southeastern state of Espirito Santo, where a police strike has led to a wave of violence and looting, including dozens of murders in the state capital, Vitoria. ](/news/2017/02/6/brazilian-president-michel-temer-deploys-the-brazilian-army-to-the-southeastern-state-of-esparito-santo-where-a-police-strike-has-led-to-a.md) _Context: Michel Temer_
9. [Brazilian police arrest EBX Group CEO Eike Batista for allegedly bribing officials in Rio de Janeiro, including former Governor of Rio de Janeiro Sergio Cabral Filho. ](/news/2017/01/30/brazilian-police-arrest-ebx-group-ceo-eike-batista-for-allegedly-bribing-officials-in-rio-de-janeiro-including-former-governor-of-rio-de-ja.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash_
10. [A small plane carrying Brazilian Supreme Court Justice Teori Zavascki crashes  into the sea  near the tourist town of Paraty in the state of Rio de Janeiro, killing the magistrate and two other people. Zavascki had been handling the politically-charged Operation Car Wash corruption trials. ](/news/2017/01/19/a-small-plane-carrying-brazilian-supreme-court-justice-teori-zavascki-crashes-into-the-sea-near-the-tourist-town-of-paraty-in-the-state-of.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash_
