### [2016-05-30](/news/2016/05/30/index.md)

# Impeachment process against Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff. Fabiano Silveira, Minister for Transparency, Supervision and Control, resigns after leaked recordings suggested he tried to derail the Petrobras corruption investigation. This "anti-corruption" ministry was created on May 12, 2016, when Vice President Michel Temer was sworn in as acting president. The same tapes led to the resignation of Planning Minister Romero Juca last week. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-36414882)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-brazil-corruption-idUSKCN0YL1SB)

### Related:

1. [Corruption in Brazil. Operation Car Wash. Former Brazilian president Luiz Incio Lula da Silva is convicted on corruption and money laundering charges in connection with the Petrobras investigation. Lula, who remains free on appeal, is sentenced to nine and a half years in prison. ](/news/2017/07/12/corruption-in-brazil-operation-car-wash-former-brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-is-convicted-on-corruption-and-money-launderi.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash, Petrobras_
2. [Operation Car Wash. Brazilian construction firm Odebrecht and affiliated petrochemical company Braskem plead guilty of violating American foreign bribery laws in connection with the Petrobras deal. ](/news/2016/12/21/operation-car-wash-brazilian-construction-firm-odebrecht-and-affiliated-petrochemical-company-braskem-plead-guilty-of-violating-american-fo.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash, Petrobras_
3. [ Impeachment of Dilma Rousseff. Vice President of Brazil, Michel Temer, assumes the presidential powers and duties as Acting President of Brazil. ](/news/2016/05/13/impeachment-of-dilma-rousseff-vice-president-of-brazil-michel-temer-assumes-the-presidential-powers-and-duties-as-acting-president-of-br.md) _Context: Michel Temer, Vice President_
4. [2015-16 protests in Brazil. Marco Aurelio Mello, a Supreme Federal Court judge orders Brazil's Chamber of Deputies to start impeachment proceedings against Vice President Michel Temer over charges he helped doctor budget accounting as part of President Dilma Rousseff's administration. ](/news/2016/04/5/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-marco-aura-c-lio-mello-a-supreme-federal-court-judge-orders-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-to-start-impeachment-p.md) _Context: Michel Temer, Vice President_
5. [ Brazil impeachment process, 2016. President Dilma Rousseff, speaking with teachers and students, says Vice President Michel Temer and Chamber of Deputies Speaker Eduardo Cunha are jointly plotting her downfall. The two men are in line to succeed her if she is impeached. ](/news/2016/04/12/brazil-impeachment-process-2016-president-dilma-rousseff-speaking-with-teachers-and-students-says-vice-president-michel-temer-and-chamb.md) _Context: Michel Temer, Vice President_
6. [2015-16 protests in Brazil. Operation Car Wash. Brazilian Supreme Court Justice Gilmar Mendes rules Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva should be stripped of a ministerial role in President Dilma Rousseff's Cabinet so he can be investigated in connection with the state oil company Petrobras's alleged kickback scheme. Earlier today, injunctions suspending Lula's appointment as chief of staff were overturned at Attorney General Jose Eduardo Cardozo's request for a Supreme Court ruling on the motions. ](/news/2016/03/18/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-operation-car-wash-brazilian-supreme-court-justice-gilmar-mendes-rules-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-should-be-s.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash, Petrobras_
7. [Operation Car Wash. In Brazil, prosecutors lodge corruption charges against Speaker of the Lower House Eduardo Cunha and former President Fernando Collor de Mello, alleging illegal activities involving the state-owned oil company, Petrobras. ](/news/2015/08/20/operation-car-wash-in-brazil-prosecutors-lodge-corruption-charges-against-speaker-of-the-lower-house-eduardo-cunha-and-former-president-fe.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash, Petrobras_
8. [Corruption in Peru. Operation Car Wash. A court of Lima orders 18 months of pre-trial imprisonment for former president Ollanta Humala and his wife Nadine Heredia for alleged money laundering. Both have turned themselves in. ](/news/2017/07/14/corruption-in-peru-operation-car-wash-a-court-of-lima-orders-18-months-of-pre-trial-imprisonment-for-former-president-ollanta-humala-and-h.md) _Context: Operation Car Wash_
9. [Corruption in Brazil. Brazil's Superior Electoral Court reopens the illegal campaign funding case against President Michel Temer, who was the vice presidential candidate on former President Dilma Rousseff's ticket in 2014. Temer became president in August 2016 when Rousseff was impeached, and could be unseated if the court annuls the Rousseff-Temer election victory. ](/news/2017/06/6/corruption-in-brazil-brazil-s-superior-electoral-court-reopens-the-illegal-campaign-funding-case-against-president-michel-temer-who-was-th.md) _Context: Michel Temer_
10. [Corruption in Brazil. Brazilian President Michel Temer is charged with corruption by Prosecutor General Rodrigo Janot. The case will now go to the Supreme Federal Court. ](/news/2017/06/27/corruption-in-brazil-brazilian-president-michel-temer-is-charged-with-corruption-by-prosecutor-general-rodrigo-janot-the-case-will-now-go.md) _Context: Michel Temer_
