### [2016-05-30](/news/2016/05/30/index.md)

#  Jordanian King Abdullah II dissolves the parliament and appoints a new prime minister, Hani Al-Mulki.  

Veteran politician Hani Mulki was tasked with organizing elections by October.


### Source:

1. [Business Standard](http://www.business-standard.com/article/news-ians/jordan-king-names-new-pm-dissolves-parliament-116053000062_1.html)
2. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/jordans-king-abdullah-dissolves-parliament-names-caretaker-prime-minister/2016/05/29/2676ed60-25d0-11e6-b989-4e5479715b54_story.html)

### Related:

1. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met today in Berlin with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu regarding the recent spate of violence between Palestinians and Israelis. Kerry will meet on Saturday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and King Abdullah of Jordan in Amman. ](/news/2015/10/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-met-today-in-berlin-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-regarding-the-recent-spate-of-violence.md) _Context: Abdullah II, Jordan_
2. [President of the United States Barack Obama visits Jordan and meets with King Abdullah II. He warns of extremist threat in Syria. ](/news/2013/03/22/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-visits-jordan-and-meets-with-king-abdullah-ii-he-warns-of-extremist-threat-in-syria.md) _Context: Abdullah II, Jordan_
3. [Jordan's official news agency announces that King Abdullah dissolves parliament, paving the way for early elections. ](/news/2012/10/4/jordan-s-official-news-agency-announces-that-king-abdullah-dissolves-parliament-paving-the-way-for-early-elections.md) _Context: Abdullah II, Jordan_
4. [Abdullah of Jordan sacks the Jordanian government amid protests over prices in the country. ](/news/2011/02/1/abdullah-of-jordan-sacks-the-jordanian-government-amid-protests-over-prices-in-the-country.md) _Context: Abdullah II, Jordan_
5. [ Jordanian King Abdullah appoints technocrat Nader al-Dahabi as the new Prime Minister. ](/news/2007/11/22/jordanian-king-abdullah-appoints-technocrat-nader-al-dahabi-as-the-new-prime-minister.md) _Context: Abdullah II, Jordan_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A truce is declared between Israel and the Palestinian Authority.  Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, and Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel,  shook hands at a four-way summit at Sharm el-Sheikh that was also attended by Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Jordan's King Abdullah.  Palestinian organization Hamas says it is not bound by the ceasefire.  ](/news/2005/02/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-truce-is-declared-between-israel-and-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palest.md) _Context: Abdullah II, Jordan_
7. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Jordan_
8. [Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-of-the-u-s-decisio.md) _Context: Jordan_
9. [The first synchrotron in the Middle East, SESAME, opens in Jordan, marking a rare cooperation between Iran, Israel, Turkey, and the Palestinian Authority.  ](/news/2017/05/16/the-first-synchrotron-in-the-middle-east-sesame-opens-in-jordan-marking-a-rare-cooperation-between-iran-israel-turkey-and-the-palestin.md) _Context: Jordan_
10. [Jordan says the country executed 15 people today, including 10 who were convicted on terrorism charges with others related to incidents that go back as far as 2003. Amnesty International protests the executions which were carried out in "secrecy and without transparency." Jordan restored the death sentence by hanging in 2014. ](/news/2017/03/4/jordan-says-the-country-executed-15-people-today-including-10-who-were-convicted-on-terrorism-charges-with-others-related-to-incidents-that.md) _Context: Jordan_
