### [2016-05-30](/news/2016/05/30/index.md)

#  The Congress of the Philippines proclaims Rodrigo Duterte and Leni Robredo as President-elect and Vice President-elect of the Philippines, respectively. 

Congress proclaims Rodrigo Duterte as president-elect and Leni Robredo as vice president-elect after approving the joint canvassing committee report on Monday.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Olympian](http://www.theolympian.com/news/nation-world/article80743862.html)
2. [CNN Philippines](http://cnnphilippines.com/news/2016/05/30/congress-proclamation-president-rodrigo-duterte-vice-president-leni-robredo.html)

### Related:

1. [Rodrigo Duterte is inaugurated as President of the Philippines and Leni Robredo as Vice President. ](/news/2016/06/30/rodrigo-duterte-is-inaugurated-as-president-of-the-philippines-and-leni-robredo-as-vice-president.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Philippine, President, Rodrigo Duterte, Vice President of the Philippines_
2. [Rodrigo Duterte is officially elected as President and Leni Robredo as Vice President. ](/news/2016/05/27/rodrigo-duterte-is-officially-elected-as-president-and-leni-robredo-as-vice-president.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Philippine presidential election, 2016, President, Rodrigo Duterte, Vice President of the Philippines_
3. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte threatens the "Philippine Daily Inquirer" with an expose. The newspaper has been a long-time ally of the politically prominent Aquino family (ever since the 1986 EDSA People Power Revolution), as well as the minority opposition Liberal Party (of which the Vice President of the Philippines Leni Robredo is its prominent member); both have been consistent in their criticisms of the Duterty presidency and its policies since its inauguration in 2016. ](/news/2017/07/1/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-the-philippine-daily-inquirer-with-an-exposa-c-the-newspaper-has-been-a-long-time-a.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, President, Rodrigo Duterte, Vice President of the Philippines_
4. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-law-in-the-whole-philippines-two.md) _Context: Philippine, President, Rodrigo Duterte_
5. [History of the Philippines (1898-1946), During the annual State of the Nation Address through the Congress of the Philippines, President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte has outright demanded that the United States return the controversial Balangiga bells, taken during one of the campaigns of the Philippine-American War as spoils of war. Previous attempts to recover the bells have all failed so far. ](/news/2017/07/24/history-of-the-philippines-1898a1946-during-the-annual-state-of-the-nation-address-through-the-congress-of-the-philippines-president-o.md) _Context: Congress of the Philippines, President, Rodrigo Duterte_
6. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte plans to appeal to the Congress of the Philippines to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao, which will end on 22 July 10 PM PST) until the end of 2017, due to constitutional constraints as well as the ongoing Marawi crisis. ](/news/2017/07/17/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-plans-to-appeal-to-the-congress-of-the-philippines-to-extend-proclamation-no-216-martial-law.md) _Context: Congress of the Philippines, President, Rodrigo Duterte_
7. [Philippine vice president Leni Robredo faces an impeachment charge before the House of Representatives for condemning the country's war on drugs at the United Nations. ](/news/2017/05/2/philippine-vice-president-leni-robredo-faces-an-impeachment-charge-before-the-house-of-representatives-for-condemning-the-country-s-war-on-d.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Philippine, Vice President of the Philippines_
8. [Bongbong Marcos asks the Philippine Supreme Court to dismiss a counter-protest by current vice president Leni Robredo regarding her narrow victory in last year's national elections. ](/news/2017/04/20/bongbong-marcos-asks-the-philippine-supreme-court-to-dismiss-a-counter-protest-by-current-vice-president-leni-robredo-regarding-her-narrow-v.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Philippine presidential election, 2016, Vice President of the Philippines_
9. [Bongbong Marcos pays [?]36 million, half of the required amount to hold a recount against Philippine vice president Leni Robredo.](/news/2017/04/17/bongbong-marcos-pays-a-36-million-half-of-the-required-amount-to-hold-a-recount-against-philippine-vice-president-leni-robredo.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Philippine presidential election, 2016, Vice President of the Philippines_
10. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines allows the electoral protest of defeated candidate Bongbong Marcos against Philippine vice president Leni Robredo to continue. ](/news/2017/02/16/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-allows-the-electoral-protest-of-defeated-candidate-bongbong-marcos-against-philippine-vice-president-le.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Philippine, Philippine presidential election, 2016_
