### [2004-11-30](/news/2004/11/30/index.md)

#  A report from the International Committee of the Red Cross, recently leaked to the "New York Times", describes the treatment of prisoners at the U.S. base in Guantnamo Bay, Cuba as being "tantamount to torture". The U.S. military disputes this. 




### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2004/11/30/politics/30gitmo.html?ei=5006&en=bba26d61a8097932&ex=1102395600&partner=ALTAVISTA1&pagewanted=print&position=)
1. [Cover Image](https://static01.nyt.com/images/icons/t_logo_291_black.png)

### Related:

1. [ Four British citizens, who were detained at the US military installation in Guantanamo Bay for almost three years, sue the U.S. government for GBP5.5 million ($10 million) each, alleging torture and other human rights violations. The principal defendants are Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Richard Myers. ](/news/2004/10/27/four-british-citizens-who-were-detained-at-the-us-military-installation-in-guantanamo-bay-for-almost-three-years-sue-the-u-s-government.md) _Context: Camp X-Ray, torture_
2. [ A report by the "New York Times" alleges that the United States administration overstated the intelligence value and importance of the prisoners held at the controversial prisoner camp at Guantanamo Bay. The report, based on interviews with government officials, concludes that only a relatively small percentage of the prisoners were sworn members of Al Qaeda, and that most were relatively unimportant, low-level people. ](/news/2004/06/21/a-report-by-the-new-york-times-alleges-that-the-united-states-administration-overstated-the-intelligence-value-and-importance-of-the-pris.md) _Context: Camp X-Ray, New York Times_
3. [According to the International Committee of the Red Cross, at least 115 human bodies are discovered in the border town of Bangassou, more than previously thought. A few days prior, militias attacked the town, with the United Nations reporting that at least 26 people were killed. ](/news/2017/05/17/according-to-the-international-committee-of-the-red-cross-at-least-115-human-bodies-are-discovered-in-the-border-town-of-bangassou-more-th.md) _Context: International Committee of the Red Cross_
4. [According to the International Committee of the Red Cross, a cholera outbreak has since April 27 killed at least 115 people and left another 8,500 ill across Yemen. ](/news/2017/05/14/according-to-the-international-committee-of-the-red-cross-a-cholera-outbreak-has-since-april-27-killed-at-least-115-people-and-left-another.md) _Context: International Committee of the Red Cross_
5. [The International Committee of the Red Cross announces it will be temporarily halting some of its operations in Afghanistan after gunmen killed six of its workers yesterday. ](/news/2017/02/9/the-international-committee-of-the-red-cross-announces-it-will-be-temporarily-halting-some-of-its-operations-in-afghanistan-after-gunmen-kil.md) _Context: International Committee of the Red Cross_
6. [Six Afghan Red Cross workers are shot dead by suspected ISIL militants in the northern Jowzjan Province. Two other Red Cross workers are reportedly abducted. ](/news/2017/02/8/six-afghan-red-cross-workers-are-shot-dead-by-suspected-isil-militants-in-the-northern-jowzjan-province-two-other-red-cross-workers-are-rep.md) _Context: International Committee of the Red Cross_
7. [The International Committee of the Red Cross claims that 25,000 residents of the rebel-held territories have been evacuated from Aleppo as Hezbollah warns remaining residents in the former rebel enclave to leave "as quickly as possible". ](/news/2016/12/20/the-international-committee-of-the-red-cross-claims-that-25-000-residents-of-the-rebel-held-territories-have-been-evacuated-from-aleppo-as-h.md) _Context: International Committee of the Red Cross_
8. [Female victims of the martial law dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos speak at the Philippine Supreme Court about how they endured torture during Marcos' regime. ](/news/2016/09/1/female-victims-of-the-martial-law-dictatorship-of-ferdinand-marcos-speak-at-the-philippine-supreme-court-about-how-they-endured-torture-duri.md) _Context: torture_
9. [In a report by Amnesty International, the group documents findings of Egyptian officials forcibly making hundreds of people disappear and face torture in the past year in an attempt to crack down on dissent in the country. ](/news/2016/07/13/in-a-report-by-amnesty-international-the-group-documents-findings-of-egyptian-officials-forcibly-making-hundreds-of-people-disappear-and-fa.md) _Context: torture_
10. [Ansar Dine, an Islamic extremist group claims responsibility for kidnapping three International Committee of the Red Cross staffers this weekend in Abeibara in northeastern Mali. ](/news/2016/04/21/ansar-dine-an-islamic-extremist-group-claims-responsibility-for-kidnapping-three-international-committee-of-the-red-cross-staffers-this-wee.md) _Context: International Committee of the Red Cross_
