### [2004-11-30](/news/2004/11/30/index.md)

#  U.K. Home Secretary David Blunkett defends his actions after newspaper allegations that he used his position to acquire a fast-track visa application for his former lover's nanny, ordering an independent enquiry into his own actions and denying any impropriety, whilst apologising for inadvertently misusing government funds to obtain her a first class train ticket. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/4056987.stm)

### Related:

1. [ It is reported that former British Home Secretary David Blunkett ordered prison staff to machine gun prisoners during a 2002 riot regardless of loss of life. ](/news/2006/10/17/it-is-reported-that-former-british-home-secretary-david-blunkett-ordered-prison-staff-to-machine-gun-prisoners-during-a-2002-riot-regardles.md) _Context: David Blunkett, Home Secretary_
2. [David Blunkett, United Kingdom Home Secretary, insists that he did no wrong in the controversy surrounding the alleged misuse of his position, and receives the backing of Prime Minister Tony Blair. Sir Alan Budd is appointed to carry out an independent enquiry. ](/news/2004/12/1/david-blunkett-united-kingdom-home-secretary-insists-that-he-did-no-wrong-in-the-controversy-surrounding-the-alleged-misuse-of-his-positio.md) _Context: David Blunkett, Home Secretary_
3. [ UK Home Secretary David Blunkett prepares to publish a white paper on organized crime that will unveil new details of the Serious Organised Crime Agency, the proposed "British FBI". ](/news/2004/03/28/uk-home-secretary-david-blunkett-prepares-to-publish-a-white-paper-on-organized-crime-that-will-unveil-new-details-of-the-serious-organised.md) _Context: David Blunkett, Home Secretary_
4. [Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leader-of-the-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-d.md) _Context: Home Secretary_
5. [Home Secretary Theresa May gets 165 votes after the first ballot of Conservative members of parliament to select a new Leader and the next Prime Minister. Her nearest rival, Minister of State for Energy Andrea Leadsom, picked up 66 votes. Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove won 48 votes, and Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb got 34 votes. Former Secretary of State for Defence Liam Fox is eliminated from consideration as he received just 16. Later, Crabb pulled out of the race and endorsed front-runner Theresa May. Fox also endorsed May. ](/news/2016/07/5/home-secretary-theresa-may-gets-165-votes-after-the-first-ballot-of-conservative-members-of-parliament-to-select-a-new-leader-and-the-next-p.md) _Context: Home Secretary_
6. [The new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Theresa May begins forming her ministry following the end of the Second Cameron ministry. The former Mayor of London Boris Johnson is appointed Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, Philip Hammond is appointed as Chancellor of the Exchequer, Amber Rudd is appointed Home Secretary filling Theresa May's former position, Liam Fox is appointed as Secretary of State for International Trade and David Davis is appointed as minister for the newly created Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/13/the-new-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-theresa-may-begins-forming-her-ministry-following-the-end-of-the-second-cameron-ministry-the-f.md) _Context: Home Secretary_
7. [On January 18, 2016, the British Parliament will debate a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the United Kingdom because of 'hate speech' that is unacceptable behavior, non-conducive to the public good. The conclusion reached by the lawmakers will not be binding on the UK government. ](/news/2016/01/5/on-january-18-2016-the-british-parliament-will-debate-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-home-secretary-to-ba.md) _Context: Home Secretary_
8. [The British Parliament debates a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban, because of 'hate speech,' United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the United Kingdom. Almost all of the 50 MPs (member of parliament), of the 650-member legislative body, present criticized Trump -- especially his comments on Muslims -- but few supported an entry ban. ](/news/2016/01/18/the-british-parliament-debates-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-home-secretary-to-ban-because-of-hate-speec.md) _Context: Home Secretary_
9. [Armenian voters approve, by 63.35 percent to 32.42 percent, proposed amendments to the Constitution that change the country's form of government to a parliamentary republic. Sunday's election had a 50.51 percent turnout of its registered voters. The opposition alleged wide-spread fraud which the Armenian Revolutionary Federation said didn't happen. [http://asbarez.com/142597/armenia-adopts-new-constitution/ ("Asbarez")] ](/news/2015/12/7/armenian-voters-approve-by-63-35-percent-to-32-42-percent-proposed-amendments-to-the-constitution-that-change-the-country-s-form-of-govern.md) _Context: form of government_
10. [Myanmar's Thein Sein and the Philippines' Benigno Aquino III ink trade agreements including those that involve renewable energy, mass media, and visa-free travel. ](/news/2013/12/5/myanmar-s-thein-sein-and-the-philippines-benigno-aquino-iii-ink-trade-agreements-including-those-that-involve-renewable-energy-mass-media.md) _Context: visa-free travel_
