### [2004-11-30](/news/2004/11/30/index.md)

#  U.S. Department of Homeland Security Secretary Tom Ridge resigns. This is the latest in a string of resignations after the 2004 presidential election. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2004/ALLPOLITICS/11/30/ridge/index.html)
2. [Yahoo](http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&e=1&u=/ap/20041130/ap_on_go_ca_st_pe/bush_cabinet)

### Related:

1. [ War on Terrorism: The United States Department of Homeland Security officially began operation, and former governor Tom Ridge took command. Reorganization of other departments affected by its creation in the United States Government would continue for some time. This represented the largest reorganization of the United States Government since the creation of the United States Department of Defense during World War&nbsp;II.](/news/2003/01/24/war-on-terrorism-the-united-states-department-of-homeland-security-officially-began-operation-and-former-governor-tom-ridge-took-command.md) _Context: Tom Ridge, United States Homeland Security_
2. [ Tom Ridge is unanimously recommended by a United States Senate subcommittee to be confirmed by the full Senate as head of the new United States Department of Homeland Security which is scheduled to begin operation on January 24.](/news/2003/01/17/tom-ridge-is-unanimously-recommended-by-a-united-states-senate-subcommittee-to-be-confirmed-by-the-full-senate-as-head-of-the-new-united-st.md) _Context: Tom Ridge, United States Homeland Security_
3. [United States Homeland Security bans Kaspersky Lab products from government computers due to fears they could be coerced into sharing information with the Russian government. ](/news/2017/09/13/united-states-homeland-security-bans-kaspersky-lab-products-from-government-computers-due-to-fears-they-could-be-coerced-into-sharing-inform.md) _Context: United States Homeland Security_
4. [Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke withdraws his name from consideration for an assistant secretary position at the Department of Homeland Security. ](/news/2017/06/17/milwaukee-county-sheriff-david-clarke-withdraws-his-name-from-consideration-for-an-assistant-secretary-position-at-the-department-of-homelan.md) _Context: United States Homeland Security_
5. [The U.S. Department of Homeland Security withdraws its order that Twitter unmask a user whose tweets are critical of President Donald Trump following the company's court filing to block the order on constitutional grounds. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-u-s-department-of-homeland-security-withdraws-its-order-that-twitter-unmask-a-user-whose-tweets-are-critical-of-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: United States Homeland Security_
6. [The Department of Homeland Security says it has stopped enforcing the executive order per Judge James Robart's ruling in "State of Washington v. Trump". The State Department activates visas that had been previously suspended because of this order. ](/news/2017/02/4/the-department-of-homeland-security-says-it-has-stopped-enforcing-the-executive-order-per-judge-james-robart-s-ruling-in-state-of-washingto.md) _Context: United States Homeland Security_
7. [DotGovs, a hacker group that released data on almost 10,000 Department of Homeland Security employees yesterday, publish contact information for 20,000 FBI employees. ](/news/2016/02/8/dotgovs-a-hacker-group-that-released-data-on-almost-10-000-department-of-homeland-security-employees-yesterday-publish-contact-information.md) _Context: United States Homeland Security_
8. [The United States government implements new restrictions to its visa waiver program which now requires, with limited exceptions, European, Japanese and Australian travelers to the United States who either have been visitors in the last five years to or are dual-citizens of Iran, Iraq, Syria and Sudan to obtain a travel visa. The new visa policies were mandated by legislation which was passed, in the aftermath of November 2015 Paris attacks, by Congress on the grounds of national security. ](/news/2016/01/22/the-united-states-government-implements-new-restrictions-to-its-visa-waiver-program-which-now-requires-with-limited-exceptions-european-j.md) _Context: United States Homeland Security_
9. [U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano announces her resignation to become the President of the University of California. ](/news/2013/07/12/u-s-homeland-security-secretary-janet-napolitano-announces-her-resignation-to-become-the-president-of-the-university-of-california.md) _Context: United States Homeland Security_
10. [ The U.S. Department of Homeland Security will allow Chinese and Russian tourists to travel to the Northern Mariana Islands without a visa. ](/news/2009/10/22/the-u-s-department-of-homeland-security-will-allow-chinese-and-russian-tourists-to-travel-to-the-northern-mariana-islands-without-a-visa.md) _Context: United States Homeland Security_
