### [2006-04-16](/news/2006/04/16/index.md)

#  Hu Jintao, General Secretary of the Communist Party of China, holds an official meeting and banquet with the Honorary Chairman of the Nationalist Party of China (Kuomintang), Lien Chan. The two reached on the new "15 Favourable Policies" on relations between the Chinese mainland and Taiwan. 




### Source:

1. [People's Daily](http://english.people.com.cn/200604/16/eng20060416_258791.html)

### Related:

1. [Former vice president Annette Lu of Taiwan files charges of treason against former vice president Lien Chan, accusing him of breaching national security when he attended the 2015 China Victory Day Parade. ](/news/2015/09/5/former-vice-president-annette-lu-of-taiwan-files-charges-of-treason-against-former-vice-president-lien-chan-accusing-him-of-breaching-natio.md) _Context: Lien Chan, Taiwan_
2. [ General Secretary Hu Jintao of the Communist Party in the People's Republic of China and Nationalist Party Chairman Wu Poh-hsiung in Taiwan meet in Beijing to discuss cross-Strait relations. ](/news/2009/05/26/general-secretary-hu-jintao-of-the-communist-party-in-the-people-s-republic-of-china-and-nationalist-party-chairman-wu-poh-hsiung-in-taiwan.md) _Context: Communist Party general secretary, Hu Jintao_
3. [ The 17th National Congress of the Communist Party of China opens in Beijing, China, marking the beginning of a 7-day conclave of China's top leadership. General Secretary Hu Jintao delivers the work report for the past five years, and sets the party's direction in the coming five years. Hu also said in the keynote speech that the Communist Party has "fallen short of the people's expectations". ](/news/2007/10/15/the-17th-national-congress-of-the-communist-party-of-china-opens-in-beijing-china-marking-the-beginning-of-a-7-day-conclave-of-china-s-to.md) _Context: Communist Party general secretary, Hu Jintao_
4. [ On the eve of People's Republic of China President Hu Jintao's first visit to North America next week, a PRC foreign ministry spokesman warned against any government providing Taiwan (ROC) with missile defense systems.  Hu Jintao arrives in Washington, D.C. on Monday, then visits Canada and Mexico before visiting the United Nations General Assembly. ](/news/2005/09/1/on-the-eve-of-people-s-republic-of-china-president-hu-jintao-s-first-visit-to-north-america-next-week-a-prc-foreign-ministry-spokesman-war.md) _Context: Hu Jintao, Taiwan_
5. [ Taiwanese president Chen Shui-bian requests that the Chinese government meet directly with his government after China meets with Taiwan's opposition leader, Lien Chan.  Taiwan and China are in conflict over Taiwan's increased calls for independence from the mainland. ](/news/2005/05/1/taiwanese-president-chen-shui-bian-requests-that-the-chinese-government-meet-directly-with-his-government-after-china-meets-with-taiwan-s-o.md) _Context: Lien Chan, Taiwan_
6. [ Kuomintang Chairman Lien Chan meets with Communist Party of China Secretary-General Hu Jintao in the highest level contact between leaders of the two parties since the meeting of Chiang Kai-shek and Mao Zedong in August 1945 at the end of the Second Sino-Japanese War. [http://news.ft.com/cms/s/85702204-b864-11d9-bc7c-00000e2511c8.html]](/news/2005/04/29/kuomintang-chairman-lien-chan-meets-with-communist-party-of-china-secretary-general-hu-jintao-in-the-highest-level-contact-between-leaders.md) _Context: Hu Jintao, Lien Chan_
7. [ US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice arrives in Beijing for the last leg of her six-country Asian trip. Rice met with President Hu Jintao and Premier Wen Jiabao; talks about North Korea nuclear missiles program and Taiwan are on the top of the agenda. ](/news/2005/03/20/us-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-arrives-in-beijing-for-the-last-leg-of-her-six-country-asian-trip-rice-met-with-president-hu-jintao.md) _Context: Hu Jintao, Taiwan_
8. [ General Secretary of the Communist Party of China Jiang Zemin announced several key policies at the 16th National Congress of the Communist Party of China in Beijing. Although Marxism-Leninism would remain the official ideology of China, entrepreneurs and people in unconventional occupations, who are building "socialism with Chinese characteristics", would have a voice in establishing Communist Party ideology. Mr. Jiang is preparing to yield the position of General Secretary of the Party to Hu Jintao, but will maintain the presidency.](/news/2002/11/8/general-secretary-of-the-communist-party-of-china-jiang-zemin-announced-several-key-policies-at-the-16th-national-congress-of-the-communist.md) _Context: Communist Party general secretary, Hu Jintao_
9. [The Communist Party of China names former Secretary of the Secretariat Hu Jintao as its General Secretary, replacing Jiang Zemin. Jiang will remain President until Spring 2003.](/news/2002/11/15/the-communist-party-of-china-names-former-secretary-of-the-secretariat-hu-jintao-as-its-general-secretary-replacing-jiang-zemin-jiang-will.md) _Context: Communist Party general secretary, Hu Jintao_
10. [At least 34 people are killed after a tour bus, carrying mostly local elderly tourists, overturns on a freeway in Taipei, Taiwan. ](/news/2017/02/13/at-least-34-people-are-killed-after-a-tour-bus-carrying-mostly-local-elderly-tourists-overturns-on-a-freeway-in-taipei-taiwan.md) _Context: Taiwan_
