### [2006-04-16](/news/2006/04/16/index.md)

#  In Dublin, Irish military forces parade for the first time since 1970 in commemoration of the 1916 Easter Rising. Taoiseach Bertie Ahern lays a wreath at Kilmainham Jail, where most of the rebel leaders were subsequently shot, in memory of the civilian and military dead of both sides. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/4913914.stm)

### Related:

1. [Thousands of people in Dublin, Ireland, attend the Irish government's commemoration of the 1916 Easter Rising against British rule. ](/news/2016/03/27/thousands-of-people-in-dublin-ireland-attend-the-irish-government-s-commemoration-of-the-1916-easter-rising-against-british-rule.md) _Context: Dublin, Easter Rising_
2. [Former Taoiseach (Prime Minister) of the Republic of Ireland Garret FitzGerald dies in Dublin aged 85. ](/news/2011/05/19/former-taoiseach-prime-minister-of-the-republic-of-ireland-garret-fitzgerald-dies-in-dublin-aged-85.md) _Context: Dublin, Taoiseach_
3. [Situation in Ireland:Taoiseach Brian Cowen announces he is to make a "significant" statement on his leadership of the ruling Fianna Fail party in Dublin at 14:00, to be broadcast on television and radio. ](/news/2011/01/22/situation-in-ireland-ptaoiseach-brian-cowen-announces-he-is-to-make-a-significant-statement-on-his-leadership-of-the-ruling-fianna-fa-il-p.md) _Context: Dublin, Taoiseach_
4. [Situation in Ireland:Taoiseach Brian Cowen wins a vote of confidence in his leadership, a secret ballot held at a meeting of the Fianna Fail parliamentary party in Dublin. ](/news/2011/01/18/situation-in-ireland-ptaoiseach-brian-cowen-wins-a-vote-of-confidence-in-his-leadership-a-secret-ballot-held-at-a-meeting-of-the-fianna-fa.md) _Context: Dublin, Taoiseach_
5. [Bertie Ahern, the former taoiseach who led the stricken Fianna Fail political party from 1994 until 2008, announces he is to resign from Dail Eireann at the forthcoming general election. ](/news/2010/12/30/bertie-ahern-the-former-taoiseach-who-led-the-stricken-fianna-fa-il-political-party-from-1994-until-2008-announces-he-is-to-resign-from-da.md) _Context: Bertie Ahern, Taoiseach_
6. [The Aviva Stadium, Ireland's new national stadium, is officially opened by Taoiseach Brian Cowen in Dublin. ](/news/2010/05/14/the-aviva-stadium-ireland-s-new-national-stadium-is-officially-opened-by-taoiseach-brian-cowen-in-dublin.md) _Context: Dublin, Taoiseach_
7. [ The Irish Taoiseach, Bertie Ahern, officially resigns after ten years, ten months and ten days as head of government. ](/news/2008/05/6/the-irish-taoiseach-bertie-ahern-officially-resigns-after-ten-years-ten-months-and-ten-days-as-head-of-government.md) _Context: Bertie Ahern, Taoiseach_
8. [ Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern announces he will resign on 6 May after 11 years of rule. ](/news/2008/04/2/irish-taoiseach-bertie-ahern-announces-he-will-resign-on-6-may-after-11-years-of-rule.md) _Context: Bertie Ahern, Taoiseach_
9. [ ''Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-pa.md) _Context: Bertie Ahern, Taoiseach_
10. [ Bertie Ahern of Fianna Fail is elected as Ireland's Taoiseach for a record third term upon the opening of the 30th Dail; the Taoiseach then announces his new cabinet with ministries. ](/news/2007/06/14/bertie-ahern-of-fianna-fa-il-is-elected-as-ireland-s-taoiseach-for-a-record-third-term-upon-the-opening-of-the-30th-da-il-the-taoiseach-th.md) _Context: Bertie Ahern, Taoiseach_
