### [2016-03-7](/news/2016/03/7/index.md)

# A Syrian Arab Air Force or Russian airstrike reportedly kills a dozen people at a market selling diesel fuel in the rebel-held Idlib Governorate. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says the death toll is likely to rise. 

A Syrian or Russian air strike was reported to have killed at least 19 people and possibly many more at a market in northwestern Syria on Monday, straining a cessation of hostilities agreement meant to pave the way for peace talks.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-idUSKCN0W91JQ)
1. [Cover Image](http://s3.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20160307&t=2&i=1123030383&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXNPEC260SM)

### Related:

1. [British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a Save the Children maternity hospital in Kafr Takharim in rebel-held Idlib Governorate is hit by airstrikes. No report on casualties. SOHR also says at least five people are killed and more than 25 injured from airstrikes in another part of the northern Idlib countryside. ](/news/2016/07/29/british-based-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-save-the-children-maternity-hospital-in-kafr-takharim-in-rebel-held-idlib-govern.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, airstrike_
2. [Russian airstrikes on a Al-Nusra Front (Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria)-run prison complex in the northern town of Maarrat al-Nu'man, Idlib, leaves nearly 60 people dead. Most of those killed were rebels imprisoned by Al-Nusra, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/01/9/russian-airstrikes-on-a-al-nusra-front-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-run-prison-complex-in-the-northern-town-of-maarrat-al-nu-man-idlib-lea.md) _Context: Idlib, Russia, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
3. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says suspected Russian airstrikes kill 32 civilians, half of them women and children, in three areas in northern Syria. No suspected militants were killed in the attacks. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-suspected-russian-airstrikes-kill-32-civilians-half-of-them-women-and-children-in-three-areas.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, airstrike_
4. [Following Russian airstrikes, the Syrian army and allied Lebanese Hezbollah militia take control of a highland area in Idlib province close to insurgent-held positions, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2015/10/11/following-russian-airstrikes-the-syrian-army-and-allied-lebanese-hezbollah-militia-take-control-of-a-highland-area-in-idlib-province-close.md) _Context: Idlib, Russia, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
5. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information-from-tribal-leader.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
6. [Rival fighters between Tahrir al-Sham and Jund al-Aqsa clash in Syria's northern Idlib Governorate, killing "dozens" according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/02/14/rival-fighters-between-tahrir-al-sham-and-jund-al-aqsa-clash-in-syria-s-northern-idlib-governorate-killing-dozens-according-to-the-syrian.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
7. [Between four and 20 people are reported killed by government and Russian airstrikes that hit rebel held areas, five hospitals, and a mobile clinic in Aleppo, says U.S. State Department spokeswoman Elizabeth Trudeau. Syria and Russia deny targeting Aleppo. ](/news/2016/11/15/between-four-and-20-people-are-reported-killed-by-government-and-russian-airstrikes-that-hit-rebel-held-areas-five-hospitals-and-a-mobile.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Civil War, airstrike_
8. [Suspected Syrian or Russian warplanes conduct airstrikes on a residential area and a school in Haas village in rebel-held Idlib Governorate, killing at least 26 civilians, most of them children. ](/news/2016/10/26/suspected-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-conduct-airstrikes-on-a-residential-area-and-a-school-in-haas-village-in-rebel-held-idlib-governorate.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian, Syrian Civil War_
9. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and a rebel official report that Russian jets have resumed heavy bombing, and, in total, have now killed at least 50 civilians in villages surrounding rebel-held eastern Aleppo. ](/news/2016/10/11/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-and-a-rebel-official-report-that-russian-jets-have-resumed-heavy-bombing-and-in-total-have-now-ki.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
10. [Amaq News Agency claims ISIL is responsible for shooting down a Syrian Air Force fighter jet over Deir ez-Zor. The London-based SOHR says the MiG pilot was killed. ](/news/2016/09/18/amaq-news-agency-claims-isil-is-responsible-for-shooting-down-a-syrian-air-force-fighter-jet-over-deir-ez-zor-the-london-based-sohr-says-th.md) _Context: Syrian, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
