### [2016-03-7](/news/2016/03/7/index.md)

# Germany's BASF SE, the largest chemical producer in the world, is pursuing a  counterbid for DuPont  that could short circuit the Delaware-based company's announced merger with fellow American firm, Dow Chemical Company. 

BASF SE is working with advisers and financing banks on the merits of making a counter bid for DuPont Co., the $55 billion chemical company that agreed to a merger with Dow Chemical Co. in December, people with knowledge of the matter said.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-03-06/basf-said-working-with-banks-to-weigh-counter-bid-for-dupont)
2. [Fortune](http://fortune.com/2016/03/07/basf-is-weighing-a-counterbid-for-dupont/)

### Related:

1. [An explosion and fire in Ludwigshafen, at the largest production site of BASF in Germany, kills at least two people and injures six more with two people still missing. BASF is the world's biggest chemical producer. ](/news/2016/10/17/an-explosion-and-fire-in-ludwigshafen-at-the-largest-production-site-of-basf-in-germany-kills-at-least-two-people-and-injures-six-more-wit.md) _Context: BASF, Germany, chemical producer_
2. [American chemical giant DuPont announces that, in early 2016, it will cut 1,700 jobs in Delaware, about 28 percent of its home state workforce, and thousands more globally in connection as a result of the Dow Chemical Company merger. ](/news/2015/12/29/american-chemical-giant-dupont-announces-that-in-early-2016-it-will-cut-1-700-jobs-in-delaware-about-28-percent-of-its-home-state-workfor.md) _Context: Delaware, Dow Chemical Company, DuPont_
3. [Two of the U.S.'s oldest and largest companies, DuPont and Dow Chemical Company, will merge in an all-stock deal valued at $130 billion. The deal, which includes future plans for DowDuPont to split into three independent, public companies, is expected to face intense scrutiny from federal antitrust regulators, who will examine the impact on prices and the  availability of vital seeds and herbicides.](/news/2015/12/11/two-of-the-u-s-as-oldest-and-largest-companies-dupont-and-dow-chemical-company-will-merge-in-an-all-stock-deal-valued-at-130-billion-t.md) _Context: Dow Chemical Company, DuPont_
4. [Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-president-donald-trump-who-is.md) _Context: Germany_
5. [A man shoots several people in a nightclub in Konstanz, Germany, killing one. The gunman was shot and killed by police. ](/news/2017/07/30/a-man-shoots-several-people-in-a-nightclub-in-konstanz-germany-killing-one-the-gunman-was-shot-and-killed-by-police.md) _Context: Germany_
6. [Eighteen people are dead after a bus collides with a truck in the German state of Bavaria.  ](/news/2017/07/3/eighteen-people-are-dead-after-a-bus-collides-with-a-truck-in-the-german-state-of-bavaria.md) _Context: Germany_
7. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: Germany_
8. [The Bundestag votes to introduce same-sex marriage in Germany.  With 393 votes in favor and 226 against, including Chancellor Angela Merkel, the law is expected to enter into force before the end of the year. ](/news/2017/06/30/the-bundestag-votes-to-introduce-same-sex-marriage-in-germany-with-393-votes-in-favor-and-226-against-including-chancellor-angela-merkel.md) _Context: Germany_
9. [A shooting occurs at a local train station in the Unterfohring suburb of Munich, Germany. The assailant shot a police officer in the head; she is in critical condition. Backup police engaged in a shootout where the suspect and two bystanders were injured. Police do not believe this is a terrorist attack. ](/news/2017/06/13/a-shooting-occurs-at-a-local-train-station-in-the-unterfaphring-suburb-of-munich-germany-the-assailant-shot-a-police-officer-in-the-head.md) _Context: Germany_
10. [Around 50,000 people are evacuated from the German city of Hanover while bomb disposal experts defuse three bombs dropped by the Royal Air Force during World War II. ](/news/2017/05/7/around-50-000-people-are-evacuated-from-the-german-city-of-hanover-while-bomb-disposal-experts-defuse-three-bombs-dropped-by-the-royal-air-f.md) _Context: Germany_
