### [2016-03-7](/news/2016/03/7/index.md)

# Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu cancels a trip to the United States for an American Israel Public Affairs Committee conference that was to include a meeting with U.S. President Barack Obama. 

Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said on Tuesday he had declined a proposed meeting with U.S. President Barack Obama in order to steer clear of the U.S. presidential election campaign, as Vice President Joe Biden began a two-day visit to Israel.


### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-1.707495)
2. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/usa-israel-idINKCN0WA0VJ)
3. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/08/us/politics/netanyahu-calls-off-washington-visit-and-fingers-point.html?_r=0)

### Related:

1. [President Barack Obama meets with the Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu at the White House, during which Netanyahu emphasizes that Israel would not make a full withdraw to the pre-1967 borders as Obama requested yesterday, because these borders are "not defensible".](/news/2011/05/20/president-barack-obama-meets-with-the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-at-the-white-house-during-which-netanyahu-emphasizes-that.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Benjamin Netanyahu, President, Prime Minister of Israel_
2. [President of the United States Barack Obama urges Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu to extend a partial construction freeze on the West Bank. ](/news/2010/09/10/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-urges-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-to-extend-a-partial-construction-freeze-on-the.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Benjamin Netanyahu, President, Prime Minister of Israel_
3. [President of the United States Barack Obama meets with a range of Middle East leaders in pursuit of peace between Israel and Palestine, including Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu, President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas, King of Jordan Abdullah II and President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak. ](/news/2010/09/1/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-with-a-range-of-middle-east-leaders-in-pursuit-of-peace-between-israel-and-palestine-incl.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Benjamin Netanyahu, President, Prime Minister of Israel_
4. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu arrives in Washington, D.C. for talks with President of the United States Barack Obama. ](/news/2010/07/6/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-arrives-in-washington-d-c-for-talks-with-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Benjamin Netanyahu, President, Prime Minister of Israel_
5. [ U.S. President Barack Obama calls for the resumption of the Middle East peace process in meetings with the Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu and the President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2009/09/22/u-s-president-barack-obama-calls-for-the-resumption-of-the-middle-east-peace-process-in-meetings-with-the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjami.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Benjamin Netanyahu, President, Prime Minister of Israel_
6. [ U.S. President Barack Obama urges Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to accept a Palestinian state. ](/news/2009/05/18/u-s-president-barack-obama-urges-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-to-accept-a-palestinian-state.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Benjamin Netanyahu, President, Prime Minister of Israel_
7. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President_
8. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu cancels a visit with the foreign minister of Germany Sigmar Gabriel after the latter's refusal to cancel a meeting with the Israel Defense Forces veterans NGO Breaking the Silence saying the group "slanders IDF soldiers as war criminals"](/news/2017/04/25/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-cancels-a-visit-with-the-foreign-minister-of-germany-sigmar-gabriel-after-the-latter-s-refusal-t.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Prime Minister of Israel_
9. [The President of the United States Barack Obama commutes the bulk of the sentence for Chelsea Manning for leaking documents to WikiLeaks. Manning will now be released in 2017 instead of 2045. ](/news/2017/01/17/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-commutes-the-bulk-of-the-sentence-for-chelsea-manning-for-leaking-documents-to-wikileaks-ma.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President_
10. [President of the United States Barack Obama signs an order to ease sanctions against Sudan, citing the country's efforts to "reduce internal conflict, improve humanitarian access to people requiring aid and curtail terrorism". ](/news/2017/01/13/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-signs-an-order-to-ease-sanctions-against-sudan-citing-the-country-s-efforts-to-reduce-internal.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President_
