### [2016-03-7](/news/2016/03/7/index.md)

# Research, published in the peer-reviewed scientific journal ''Nature Geoscience'', confirms that  Mercury's darker than expected crusty exterior is from carbon, likely  the remains of the planet's ancient surface crust of graphite, rather than carbon dust from comet impacts as previously postulated. 

Mercury may have comet dust to thank for its dark appearance.


### Source:

1. [Christian Science Monitor](http://www.csmonitor.com/Science/2016/0307/Mystery-of-Mercury-What-makes-the-planet-s-surface-so-dark)
2. [Nature Geoscience](http://www.nature.com/ngeo/journal/vaop/ncurrent/full/ngeo2669.html)
3. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/speaking-of-science/wp/2015/03/30/scientists-find-the-invisible-paint-that-makes-mercury-darker-than-dark/?tid=a_inl)

### Related:

1. [New research published in this week's ''Nature Geoscience'' details a mechanism by which carbon is drawn down from the surface of the Southern Ocean to deeper water below. ](/news/2012/07/29/new-research-published-in-this-week-s-nature-geoscience-details-a-mechanism-by-which-carbon-is-drawn-down-from-the-surface-of-the-southe.md) _Context: Nature Geoscience, carbon_
2. [Free University of Berlin chemists confirm that carbon can bond with more than four atoms, previously seen as its limit because carbon  has only four shareable electrons. The researchers used X-rays to, for the first time, map the molecule --  a carbon atom bonded to six other carbon atoms. ](/news/2017/01/7/free-university-of-berlin-chemists-confirm-that-carbon-can-bond-with-more-than-four-atoms-previously-seen-as-its-limit-because-carbon-has.md) _Context: carbon_
3. [While attempting to create a nanotechnology-based, catalyst-mediated series of chemical reactions to turn carbon dioxide (C|O|2) (a greenhouse gas) into a usable fuel, scientists at the Department of Energy's Oak Ridge National Laboratory instead discover a single-step process using the surface area of tiny spikes of copper and carbon as a catalyst to turn carbon dioxide into ethanol (C|H|3|C|H|2|O|H). The reaction may serve as a method to alleviate possible climate change by both decreasing C|O|2 in the atmosphere and by using the ethanol as an additive to fuels to increase efficiency and thereby decrease consumption. ](/news/2016/10/18/while-attempting-to-create-a-nanotechnology-based-catalyst-mediated-series-of-chemical-reactions-to-turn-carbon-dioxide-c-o-2-a-greenhou.md) _Context: carbon_
4. [Scientists, in the ''Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences'' scientific journal, report that so-called fairy circles are caused by the plants themselves, which have self-organized.  Michael Cramer and Nichole Barger  suggested this in 2013. ](/news/2016/03/15/scientists-in-the-proceedings-of-the-national-academy-of-sciences-scientific-journal-report-that-so-called-fairy-circles-are-caused-by.md) _Context: scientific journal_
5. [Researchers at North Carolina State University discover a new diamond-like, solid phase of carbon, called Q-carbon, that can be attained at room temperature. The result is a uniquely crystalline material, harder than a real diamond and likely boasting a variety of new properties, most unknown or unstudied. ](/news/2015/11/30/researchers-at-north-carolina-state-university-discover-a-new-diamond-like-solid-phase-of-carbon-called-q-carbon-that-can-be-attained-at.md) _Context: carbon_
6. [NASA's MESSENGER spacecraft crashes into Mercury after surpassing its one year primary mission by three years. ](/news/2015/04/30/nasa-s-messenger-spacecraft-crashes-into-mercury-after-surpassing-its-one-year-primary-mission-by-three-years.md) _Context: Mercury's_
7. [A large near-Earth asteroid, 2000 EM26, passes by the Earth safely with no threat of collision at 8.8 times further from the Earth than the Moon. ](/news/2014/02/17/a-large-near-earth-asteroid-2000-em26-passes-by-the-earth-safely-with-no-threat-of-collision-at-8-8-times-further-from-the-earth-than-the.md) _Context: comet impacts_
8. [Scientists announce that a green meteorite Northwest Africa 7325, found in Morocco in 2012, may have originated on Mercury, which, if proven, would be the first known meteorite from that planet. ](/news/2013/03/30/scientists-announce-that-a-green-meteorite-northwest-africa-7325-found-in-morocco-in-2012-may-have-originated-on-mercury-which-if-proven.md) _Context: Mercury's_
9. [NASA's Curiosity rover has detected several simple carbon-based organic compounds on Mars, but it remains unclear whether they were formed via Earthly contamination or whether they contain only elements indigenous to the planet. ](/news/2012/12/3/nasa-s-curiosity-rover-has-detected-several-simple-carbon-based-organic-compounds-on-mars-but-it-remains-unclear-whether-they-were-formed-v.md) _Context: carbon_
10. [New data from the NASA space probe MESSENGER indicate that Mercury, the closest planet to the Sun, almost surely has water ice buried beneath the surface at its north pole. ](/news/2012/11/29/new-data-from-the-nasa-space-probe-messenger-indicate-that-mercury-the-closest-planet-to-the-sun-almost-surely-has-water-ice-buried-beneat.md) _Context: Mercury's_
