### [2016-03-7](/news/2016/03/7/index.md)

# Russian tennis star Maria Sharapova tests positive for meldonium at the 2016 Australian Open tennis championship. She has taken the drug since 2006 on prescription for health issues. World Anti-Doping Agency President Craig Reedie says an athlete found guilty of using meldonium would normally face a one-year suspension. 

Five-time Grand Slam winner Maria Sharapova reveals she failed a drugs test at the Australian Open in January.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/sport/tennis/35750285)
2. [AP via ''The Times-Picayune](http://www.nola.com/sports/index.ssf/2016/03/maria_sharapova_admits_failing.html)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-tennis-sharapova-idUSKCN0W929E)
4. [Fox Sports](http://www.foxsports.com/tennis/story/nike-maria-sharapova-suspends-deal-positive-drug-test-030716)

### Related:

1. [The World Anti-Doping Agency advises that WADA-accredited laboratories are currently conducting studies on meldonium excretion rates since existing data is lacking. Meldonium became a banned substance on January 1, 2016. A large number of athletes, including grand-slam tennis champion Maria Sharapova, had taken the medication in the past, and  have tested positive this year. The new data will address how long meldonium stays in the body and determine if athletes were provided a reasonable amount of time to adhere to the new restrictions prior to testing. The drug was used by many Soviet-bloc athletes since the 80s. ](/news/2016/04/13/the-world-anti-doping-agency-advises-that-wada-accredited-laboratories-are-currently-conducting-studies-on-meldonium-excretion-rates-since-e.md) _Context: Maria Sharapova, World Anti-Doping Agency, meldonium_
2. [Craig Reedie is elected for a second term as President of the World Anti-Doping Agency. ](/news/2016/11/20/craig-reedie-is-elected-for-a-second-term-as-president-of-the-world-anti-doping-agency.md) _Context: Craig Reedie, World Anti-Doping Agency_
3. [Darya Klishina, Russia's sole track and field competitor at the Rio Olympics, has her exemption to Russia's blanket ban revoked. Reportedly, new evidence  emerged in relation to a World Anti-Doping Agency report. Klishina is appealing the decision to the Court of Arbitration for Sport. ](/news/2016/08/13/darya-klishina-russia-s-sole-track-and-field-competitor-at-the-rio-olympics-has-her-exemption-to-russia-s-blanket-ban-revoked-reportedly.md) _Context: Russia, World Anti-Doping Agency_
4. [The International Tennis Federation suspends Russian star Maria Sharapova for two years for failing a drug test for meldonium at the Australian Open. ](/news/2016/06/8/the-international-tennis-federation-suspends-russian-star-maria-sharapova-for-two-years-for-failing-a-drug-test-for-meldonium-at-the-austral.md) _Context: Maria Sharapova, meldonium_
5. [Russian Sports Minister Vitaly Mutko says they will not open up a formal investigation into the doping scandals that were reported by the World Anti-Doping Agency last November, where it documented Russian athletes systematically taking banned performance-enhancing drugs with state support. ](/news/2016/04/8/russian-sports-minister-vitaly-mutko-says-they-will-not-open-up-a-formal-investigation-into-the-doping-scandals-that-were-reported-by-the-wo.md) _Context: Russia, World Anti-Doping Agency_
6. [In tennis, defending champion Novak Djokovic of Serbia defeats second seed Andy Murray of the United Kingdom in the men's singles in straight sets. It is Djokovic's third straight Grand Slam title. ](/news/2016/01/31/in-tennis-defending-champion-novak-djokovic-of-serbia-defeats-second-seed-andy-murray-of-the-united-kingdom-in-the-men-s-singles-in-straigh.md) _Context: 2016 Australian Open, tennis_
7. [A World Anti-Doping Agency investigation into a Russian doping scandal recommends the suspension of Russian athletes from international competition and lifetime bans for five athletes, four coaches and an administrator. Among the athletes are London Olympic medalists Mariya Savinova-Farnosova and Ekaterina Poistogova. ](/news/2015/11/9/a-world-anti-doping-agency-investigation-into-a-russian-doping-scandal-recommends-the-suspension-of-russian-athletes-from-international-comp.md) _Context: Russia, World Anti-Doping Agency_
8. [In tennis, the Czech Republic retains the Fed Cup defeating Russia 3-2 in the final played at the O2 Arena in Prague. This is the Czech Republic's fourth title in five years. ](/news/2015/11/15/in-tennis-the-czech-republic-retains-the-fed-cup-defeating-russia-3-2-in-the-final-played-at-the-o2-arena-in-prague-this-is-the-czech-repu.md) _Context: Russia, tennis_
9. [Russian Sports Minister Vitaly Mutko says there will be no boycott of next year's Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, and that he is ready to own up to some of the charges leveled in the World Anti-Doping Agency commission's massive report on doping, the Associated Press reports. ](/news/2015/11/12/russian-sports-minister-vitaly-mutko-says-there-will-be-no-boycott-of-next-year-s-olympics-in-rio-de-janeiro-and-that-he-is-ready-to-own-up.md) _Context: Russia, World Anti-Doping Agency_
10. [Lamine Diack, who is provisionally suspended as an honorary member of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) in connection with  suspected involvement in the  Russian doping scandal cited in yesterday's World Anti-Doping Agency report, resigns as president of the Monaco-based International Athletics Foundation (IAF), according to the  International Association of Athletics Federations (IAFF). Diack  stepped down as president of the IAAF in August.   The 82-year-old native of Senegal is under investigation in France on suspicion of corruption and money-laundering. ](/news/2015/11/10/lamine-diack-who-is-provisionally-suspended-as-an-honorary-member-of-the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-in-connection-with-suspecte.md) _Context: Russia, World Anti-Doping Agency_
