### [2016-03-7](/news/2016/03/7/index.md)

# Venezuelan security forces search for 30 gold miners reportedly killed last week in the state of Bolivar in the country's southeast. Survivor reports state the miners were shot last Friday in a fight for control of a gold deposit by criminals who then hid the bodies. Bolivar Governor Francisco Rangel Gomez denies any such massacre occurred. 

Venezuelan authorities said they were investigating the alleged killings of a group of miners in the jungle state of Bolivar, following reports they were gruesomely murdered in a fight for control of a gold deposit. Family members said a gang shot and dismembered 28 miners with a chainsaw on Friday.


### Source:

1. [EFE via Fox New Latino](http://latino.foxnews.com/latino/news/2016/03/07/security-forces-search-for-miners-reported-killed-in-venezuela/)
2. [Reuters via ''The Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/rest-of-world/Venezuela-says-its-probing-alleged-killing-of-miners/articleshow/51295002.cms)
2. [Cover Image](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/51295002.cms)

### Related:

1. [The White House announces that citizens of North Korea, Venezuela, and Chad will be restricted from travelling to the United States, along with citizens of the six nations previously listed in Executive Order 13780 with the exception of Sudan. ](/news/2017/09/24/the-white-house-announces-that-citizens-of-north-korea-venezuela-and-chad-will-be-restricted-from-travelling-to-the-united-states-along-w.md) _Context: Venezuela_
2. [The U.S. imposes new sanctions on eight Venezuelan officials, including Secretary of the 2017 Constituent Assembly Adan Chavez - the late President Hugo Chavez's brother, to "deter further democratic backsliding" in the South American country. ](/news/2017/08/9/the-u-s-imposes-new-sanctions-on-eight-venezuelan-officials-including-secretary-of-the-2017-constituent-assembly-ada-n-cha-vez-the-late.md) _Context: Venezuela_
3. [Socorro Flores Liera, Mexico's deputy foreign minister for Latin America and the Caribbean, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Mexico City, that during the first half of 2017, 1,420 Venezuelans have sought asylum in Mexico, a nearly four-fold jump compared to the 361 total Venezuelan asylum applicants for all of 2016, as the result of Venezuela's deepening political and economic crisis. ](/news/2017/08/4/socorro-flores-liera-mexico-s-deputy-foreign-minister-for-latin-america-and-the-caribbean-speaks-during-an-interview-with-reuters-in-mexic.md) _Context: Venezuela_
4. [South American trade bloc Mercosur will trigger its democratic clause this weekend to suspend Venezuela indefinitely, furthering its past temporary suspension, and not allow the country back until internal political issues have been resolved. ](/news/2017/08/3/south-american-trade-bloc-mercosur-will-trigger-its-democratic-clause-this-weekend-to-suspend-venezuela-indefinitely-furthering-its-past-te.md) _Context: Venezuela_
5. [Venezuela's National Commission of Telecommunications (Conatel) takes Colombian television channels Caracol Television and RCN Television off air due to their coverage of the 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. ](/news/2017/08/24/venezuela-s-national-commission-of-telecommunications-conatel-takes-colombian-television-channels-caracol-televisia3n-and-rcn-televisia3n.md) _Context: Venezuela_
6. [The controversial National Constituent Assembly votes unanimously to assume the powers of the opposition-led National Assembly of Venezuela. ](/news/2017/08/18/the-controversial-national-constituent-assembly-votes-unanimously-to-assume-the-powers-of-the-opposition-led-national-assembly-of-venezuela.md) _Context: Venezuela_
7. [Venezuelan security forces raid a prison in Puerto Ayacucho, Amazonas State, killing at least 37 inmates. Amazonas Governor Liborio Guarulla describes the killings as a "massacre". ](/news/2017/08/16/venezuelan-security-forces-raid-a-prison-in-puerto-ayacucho-amazonas-state-killing-at-least-37-inmates-amazonas-governor-liborio-guarulla.md) _Context: Venezuela_
8. [Venezuelan opposition leaders Leopoldo Lopez and Mayor of Caracas Antonio Ledezma are seized at their homes overnight by the Bolivarian Intelligence Service (SEBIN) and taken to Ramo Verde Prison. They had been arrested previously by the Venezuelan government, but were under house arrest at the time of being seized. ](/news/2017/08/1/venezuelan-opposition-leaders-leopoldo-la3pez-and-mayor-of-caracas-antonio-ledezma-are-seized-at-their-homes-overnight-by-the-bolivarian-int.md) _Context: Venezuela_
9. [Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro says voting in his upcoming election on July 30 is mandatory for all 2.8 million state employees, with employees who do not vote facing ostracisation. Opponents of the government plan to hold their own unofficial referendum on the Maduro government on July 16. ](/news/2017/07/7/venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-says-voting-in-his-upcoming-election-on-july-30-is-mandatory-for-all-2-8-million-state-employees-with.md) _Context: Venezuela_
10. [Supporters of Venezuelan President Nicols Maduro storm the opposition-controlled National Assembly and injure several lawmakers, including the President of the National Assembly, Julio Borges. Several journalists were also injured in the assault. ](/news/2017/07/5/supporters-of-venezuelan-president-nicolas-maduro-storm-the-opposition-controlled-national-assembly-and-injure-several-lawmakers-including.md) _Context: Venezuela_
