### [2012-12-4](/news/2012/12/4/index.md)

# A Chinese fighter jet Chengdu J-7 crashes in the city of Shantou, Guangdong province, China, sparking a fire that injures at least four people. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/feedarticle/10556400)
2. [Bangkok Post](http://www.bangkokpost.com/news/asia/324631/four-injured-in-china-fighter-jet-crash-government)

### Related:

1. [Wukan protests, 2016's events :Thousands of people  are reported to have spontaneously marched in  southern China's village of Wukan in Guangdong province over the arrest of the village's democratically elected leader, 70-year-old  Lin Zuluan, who had been planning meetings and  protests about corruption, illegal land grabs, and the government's failure to return land to the people, per the 2011 agreement. ](/news/2016/06/19/wukan-protests-2016-s-events-pthousands-of-people-are-reported-to-have-spontaneously-marched-in-southern-china-s-village-of-wukan-in-gua.md) _Context: China, Guangdong province_
2. [China cancels an invitation to a Taiwanese children's choir after it performed the island's national anthem at last month's inauguration of President Tsai Ing-wen; the Puzangalan Choir consisting of children from the Paiwan aboriginal tribe had been due to take part in a choral festival in Guangdong province in July. ](/news/2016/06/16/china-cancels-an-invitation-to-a-taiwanese-children-s-choir-after-it-performed-the-island-s-national-anthem-at-last-month-s-inauguration-of.md) _Context: China, Guangdong province_
3. [China is dealing with two typhoons in a week. Typhoon Linfa  lost power after making landfall in southern China's Guangdong province Thursday.  Typhoon Chan-hom (Falcon)  is headed for landfall in eastern China near Shanghai this weekend. ](/news/2015/07/10/china-is-dealing-with-two-typhoons-in-a-week-typhoon-linfa-lost-power-after-making-landfall-in-southern-china-s-guangdong-province-thursda.md) _Context: China, Guangdong province_
4. [2014 Pacific typhoon season:Typhoon Rammasun, which has killed at least 54 people in the Philippines, approaches the southern China provinces of Hainan and Guangdong. ](/news/2014/07/18/2014-pacific-typhoon-season-ptyphoon-rammasun-which-has-killed-at-least-54-people-in-the-philippines-approaches-the-southern-china-provinc.md) _Context: China, Guangdong province_
5. [Heavy flooding in Guangdong, China, leaves 15 people dead and 5 more missing. ](/news/2014/05/25/heavy-flooding-in-guangdong-china-leaves-15-people-dead-and-5-more-missing.md) _Context: China, Guangdong province_
6. [ Authorities in Guangdong, China shut down a battery factory and commence health checks of all children in the region after it is discovered that dozens of poisoned children had high levels of lead in their blood. ](/news/2009/12/28/authorities-in-guangdong-china-shut-down-a-battery-factory-and-commence-health-checks-of-all-children-in-the-region-after-it-is-discovered.md) _Context: China, Guangdong province_
7. [ Typhoon Chanchu, the strongest storm on record to have entered the South China Sea in May, makes landfall between the cities of Shantou, Guangdong and Xiamen, Fujian in China.  ](/news/2006/05/18/typhoon-chanchu-the-strongest-storm-on-record-to-have-entered-the-south-china-sea-in-may-makes-landfall-between-the-cities-of-shantou-gu.md) _Context: Guangdong province, Shantou_
8. [ China's southern province of Guangdong suffers great damage from the flooding Pearl River. ](/news/2005/06/25/china-s-southern-province-of-guangdong-suffers-great-damage-from-the-flooding-pearl-river.md) _Context: China, Guangdong province_
9. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: China_
10. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: China_
