### [2012-12-4](/news/2012/12/4/index.md)

# In a setback to the movement toward banking union in the EU, Germany's finance minister Wolfgang Schauble says he will not allow a unitary system of supervision without changes in the underlying treaties. 




### Source:

1. [Financial Times](http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/ae18eb32-3e03-11e2-93cb-00144feabdc0.html#axzz2E7D09ala)

### Related:

1. [Germany announces plans to start deporting newly-arrived migrants to Greece starting in March. According to EU's Dublin Regulation, asylum seekers must file for asylum in the member state they arrived in. ](/news/2017/01/12/germany-announces-plans-to-start-deporting-newly-arrived-migrants-to-greece-starting-in-march-according-to-eu-s-dublin-regulation-asylum-s.md) _Context: European Union, Germany_
2. [Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-berlin-to-discuss-the-consequences-of-the-united-kin.md) _Context: European Union, Germany_
3. [Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-suggested-the-imf-may-threaten.md) _Context: European Union, Germany_
4. [Foreign ministers from Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia meet with officials from the European Union and Germany to discuss differences over migrant quotas. ](/news/2015/09/11/foreign-ministers-from-czech-republic-hungary-poland-and-slovakia-meet-with-officials-from-the-european-union-and-germany-to-discuss-diffe.md) _Context: European Union, Germany_
5. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: European Union, Germany_
6. [In a joint statement, leaders of the European Union say that recent claims about the United States spying on European leaders, such as Germany's Angela Merkel and citizens, "could prejudice co-operation in intelligence gathering". ](/news/2013/10/25/in-a-joint-statement-leaders-of-the-european-union-say-that-recent-claims-about-the-united-states-spying-on-european-leaders-such-as-germa.md) _Context: European Union, Germany_
7. [British Prime Minister David Cameron travels to Berlin to discuss his demands for sweeping reform of the European Union with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. ](/news/2013/04/12/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-travels-to-berlin-to-discuss-his-demands-for-sweeping-reform-of-the-european-union-with-german-chancell.md) _Context: European Union, Germany_
8. [Zimbabwe requests apologies from American, German and European Union envoys who walked out of the burial ceremony for President Robert Mugabe's sister; they refuse to apologise. ](/news/2010/08/3/zimbabwe-requests-apologies-from-american-german-and-european-union-envoys-who-walked-out-of-the-burial-ceremony-for-president-robert-mugab.md) _Context: European Union, Germany_
9. [The genetically modified variety of maize known as NK603, outlawed across the European Union, is sown and contaminates fields in seven German states. ](/news/2010/06/7/the-genetically-modified-variety-of-maize-known-as-nk603-outlawed-across-the-european-union-is-sown-and-contaminates-fields-in-seven-germa.md) _Context: European Union, Germany_
10. [The European Union and Germany deny a report of a 20-25 billion euro (PS22 billion) aid plan for Greece, and Athens pledge again to take new steps if needed to keep tough deficit-cutting plans on target. ](/news/2010/02/22/the-european-union-and-germany-deny-a-report-of-a-20-25-billion-euro-aps22-billion-aid-plan-for-greece-and-athens-pledge-again-to-take-new.md) _Context: European Union, Germany_
