### [2012-12-4](/news/2012/12/4/index.md)

# One hundred thousand people protest outside the President of Egypt's palace over proposed constitutional changes. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted2.ap.org/APDEFAULT/3d281c11a96b4ad082fe88aa0db04305/Article_2012-12-04-Egypt-7th%20Ld-Writethru/id-2e779df6af7b4f7abd1a39e6567a456d)

### Related:

1. [President of Egypt Mohamed Morsi announces that the country's new draft constitution will be put to a constitutional referendum on December 15. ](/news/2012/12/1/president-of-egypt-mohamed-morsi-announces-that-the-country-s-new-draft-constitution-will-be-put-to-a-constitutional-referendum-on-december.md) _Context: Draft constitution, Egyptian President_
2. [A committee charged with developing a new Egyptian constitution releases a final draft as protests against sweeping new powers granted to President Mohamed Morsi continue. ](/news/2012/11/29/a-committee-charged-with-developing-a-new-egyptian-constitution-releases-a-final-draft-as-protests-against-sweeping-new-powers-granted-to-pr.md) _Context: Draft constitution, Egyptian President_
3. [Former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak is acquitted of involvement in the deaths of hundreds of anti-government protesters during the 2011 Egyptian revolution. ](/news/2017/03/2/former-egyptian-president-hosni-mubarak-is-acquitted-of-involvement-in-the-deaths-of-hundreds-of-anti-government-protesters-during-the-2011.md) _Context: Egyptian President_
4. [Egypt-Saudi Arabia relations. An Egyptian court, while not final, reverses the decision by President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi to cede Tiran and Sanafir Island to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2016/06/21/egypt-saudi-arabia-relations-an-egyptian-court-while-not-final-reverses-the-decision-by-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-to-cede-tiran-an.md) _Context: Egyptian President_
5. [Mohamed Morsi, former President of Egypt, is sentenced to life imprisonment and another 15 years for his role in allegedly leaking government secrets to Qatar. Six people, including two Al-Jazeera employees, are sentenced to death. ](/news/2016/06/18/mohamed-morsi-former-president-of-egypt-is-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-and-another-15-years-for-his-role-in-allegedly-leaking-governmen.md) _Context: Egyptian President_
6. [Egypt-Saudi Arabia relations. King of Saudi Arabia Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud announces, during his trip to Cairo, that a bridge crossing the Red Sea will be built, linking Egypt and Saudi Arabia. Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi says the bridge will be named after the Saudi monarch. A Saudi-Egypt Causeway project has been in the works for years. ](/news/2016/04/8/egypt-saudi-arabia-relations-king-of-saudi-arabia-salman-bin-abdulaziz-al-saud-announces-during-his-trip-to-cairo-that-a-bridge-crossin.md) _Context: Egyptian President_
7. [Egypt tries 237 activists, who face jail terms of up to three years, arrested for protesting without permits against President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi. Thousands demonstrated this month following the Sisi government's decision to hand over two uninhabited islands in the Straits of Tiran to Saudi Arabia. Human Rights Watch says at least 382 had been arrested. ](/news/2016/04/30/egypt-tries-237-activists-who-face-jail-terms-of-up-to-three-years-arrested-for-protesting-without-permits-against-president-abdel-fattah.md) _Context: Egyptian President_
8. [Riot police violently break up an anti-Sisi protest in Cairo, Egypt. In the first sign of public discontent with President Sisi's rule, hundreds of people gathered and shouted slogans calling for his overthrow. ](/news/2016/04/15/riot-police-violently-break-up-an-anti-sisi-protest-in-cairo-egypt-in-the-first-sign-of-public-discontent-with-president-sisi-s-rule-hund.md) _Context: Egyptian President_
9. [Metrojet Flight 9268. Two months after Egypt's Civil Aviation Ministry ruled out terrorism in Flight 9268's crash, President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi admits an ISIS bomb downed the Russian passenger jet. The terrorist group's Sinai Peninsula Branch claimed responsibility shortly after the incident. ](/news/2016/02/24/metrojet-flight-9268-two-months-after-egypt-s-civil-aviation-ministry-ruled-out-terrorism-in-flight-9268-s-crash-president-abdel-fattah-el.md) _Context: Egyptian President_
10. [Egyptian parliamentary election, 2015. Egyptians residing abroad begin casting votes in the country's first parliamentary election since the 2013 military overthrow of President Mohamed Morsi. Embassies and consulates in 139 countries will be open for two days of voting. ](/news/2015/10/17/egyptian-parliamentary-election-2015-egyptians-residing-abroad-begin-casting-votes-in-the-country-s-first-parliamentary-election-since-the.md) _Context: Egyptian President_
