### [2012-12-4](/news/2012/12/4/index.md)

# The United States Senate fails to ratify the United Nations Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities, with the motion failing to win the two-thirds majority. 




### Source:

1. [Voice of America](http://www.voanews.com/content/united-states-fails-to-ratify-convention-on-the-disabled/1558583.html)

### Related:

1. [Syria chemical weapons program: Sanctions against North Korea: Two North Korean shipments to a Syrian government agency of its chemical weapons program were intercepted in the past 6 months, according to a confidential United Nations report on violations of North Korea's sactions. ](/news/2017/08/21/syria-chemical-weapons-program-sanctions-against-north-korea-two-north-korean-shipments-to-a-syrian-government-agency-of-its-chemical-weap.md) _Context: United Nations_
2. [Political appointments by Donald Trump: The United States Senate, in a 92-5 vote, confirms Christopher A. Wray as Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/08/1/political-appointments-by-donald-trump-the-united-states-senate-in-a-92-5-vote-confirms-christopher-a-wray-as-director-of-the-federal.md) _Context: United States Senate_
3. [Epidemiology of HIV/AIDS: According to the United Nations, the Philippines has the largest increase in HIV/AIDS in the Asia Pacific region with about a 140% increase in cases from 2010 until 2016 possibly causing a 'national emergency.' ](/news/2017/08/1/epidemiology-of-hiv-aids-according-to-the-united-nations-the-philippines-has-the-largest-increase-in-hiv-aids-in-the-asia-pacific-region-w.md) _Context: United Nations_
4. [Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons: The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-12.md) _Context: United Nations_
5. [2017 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act replacement proposals: The American Health Care Act of 2017, an attempt to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, fails passage in the United States Senate. ](/news/2017/07/28/2017-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-replacement-proposals-the-american-health-care-act-of-2017-an-attempt-to-repeal-the-patien.md) _Context: United States Senate_
6. [Russia and the United Nations: Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russia-and-the-united-nations-russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to.md) _Context: United Nations_
7. [Efforts to repeal Obamacare: The United States Senate rejects "repeal only" propositions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. United States President Donald Trump lashes out at Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski, who voted against the proposal. ](/news/2017/07/26/efforts-to-repeal-obamacare-the-united-states-senate-rejects-repeal-only-propositions-of-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act.md) _Context: United States Senate_
8. [Efforts to repeal Obamacare: The U.S. Senate votes to open debate on repealing and possibly replacing Obamacare. ](/news/2017/07/25/efforts-to-repeal-obamacare-the-u-s-senate-votes-to-open-debate-on-repealing-and-possibly-replacing-obamacare.md) _Context: United States Senate_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [Philippine Drug War: A hearing in the U.S. Senate is held about alleged human rights violations in the Philippines's war against illegal drugs. ](/news/2017/07/20/philippine-drug-war-a-hearing-in-the-u-s-senate-is-held-about-alleged-human-rights-violations-in-the-philippines-s-war-against-illegal-dru.md) _Context: United States Senate_
