### [2012-12-4](/news/2012/12/4/index.md)

# The second tournament of the FIDE Grand Prix 2012-2013 is ended in Tashkent, Uzbekistan, with a 3-way tie for first place between Sergey Karjakin, Wang Hao and Alexander Morozevich. 

The 2012 FIDE Tashkent Grand Prix has ended with a 3-way tie for first place between Sergey Karjakin, Wang Hao and Alexander Morozevich on a score of 6½/11. Alexander Morozevich and Shakhriyar Mamedyarov...


### Source:

1. [Chess News](http://www.chess.com/news/3-way-tie-in-the-tashkent-grand-prix-2880)

### Related:

1. [ Authorities in Uzbekistan fell trees, some of which are more than a century old, in the capital Tashkent, in a controversy which has drawn protests. ](/news/2009/12/23/authorities-in-uzbekistan-fell-trees-some-of-which-are-more-than-a-century-old-in-the-capital-tashkent-in-a-controversy-which-has-drawn.md) _Context: Tashkent, Uzbekistan_
2. [ An Uzbek military Antonov An-2 aircraft crashes near Tashkent, Uzbekistan, killing all of the 15 people on board. The Uzbek Emergency Ministry says the pilots lost control of the plane while trying to land. ](/news/2006/10/19/an-uzbek-military-antonov-an-2-aircraft-crashes-near-tashkent-uzbekistan-killing-all-of-the-15-people-on-board-the-uzbek-emergency-minis.md) _Context: Tashkent, Uzbekistan_
3. [ Unrest in Uzbekistan: Uzbek soldiers seal off the town of Qorasuv after locals take over government buildings. The government denies giving an order to fire at protesters but they do not let journalists or the Red Cross visit the affected areas to evaluate the situation. Phone and internet access has been cut. There are varying reports of at least 700 people dead and continuing firefights in Andijan and other towns like Teshiktosh. Saidjahon Zaynabitdinov, head of the local human rights advocacy group ''Appeal'', says that government troops had killed 200 in Pakhtabad and expects mass arrests. Opposition supporters and human rights campaigners rally in the capital Tashkent. Hundreds of refugees have fled over the border of Kyrgyzstan; they believe that the death toll may be in thousands. ](/news/2005/05/16/unrest-in-uzbekistan-uzbek-soldiers-seal-off-the-town-of-qorasuv-after-locals-take-over-government-buildings-the-government-denies-giving.md) _Context: Tashkent, Uzbekistan_
4. [Voters in Uzbekistan go to the polls for a presidential election, the first since the death of Islam Karimov who governed the country for 25 years. ](/news/2016/12/4/voters-in-uzbekistan-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-the-first-since-the-death-of-islam-karimov-who-governed-the-country-for-25.md) _Context: Uzbekistan_
5. [Norwegian chess grandmaster Magnus Carlsen defeats Russian challenger Sergey Karjakin to retain the World Chess Championship title. ](/news/2016/11/30/norwegian-chess-grandmaster-magnus-carlsen-defeats-russian-challenger-sergey-karjakin-to-retain-the-world-chess-championship-title.md) _Context: Sergey Karjakin_
6. [Uzbekistan's parliament appoints Shavkat Mirziyoyev as interim president after the death of President Islam Karimov. ](/news/2016/09/8/uzbekistanas-parliament-appoints-shavkat-mirziyoyev-as-interim-president-after-the-death-of-president-islam-karimov.md) _Context: Uzbekistan_
7. [President Islam Karimov of Uzbekistan dies after 27 years in office. ](/news/2016/09/2/president-islam-karimov-of-uzbekistan-dies-after-27-years-in-office.md) _Context: Uzbekistan_
8. [Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump says he plans to ban immigration from Afghanistan, Iraq, Morocco, Pakistan, the Philippines, Somalia, Syria, Uzbekistan and Yemen. ](/news/2016/08/5/republican-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-says-he-plans-to-ban-immigration-from-afghanistan-iraq-morocco-pakistan-the-philippines.md) _Context: Uzbekistan_
9. [A Turkish official reports the three suspected Islamic State suicide bombers who killed 44 people and wounded 238 others were Russian, Uzbek, and Kyrgyz nationals. ](/news/2016/06/30/a-turkish-official-reports-the-three-suspected-islamic-state-suicide-bombers-who-killed-44-people-and-wounded-238-others-were-russian-uzbek.md) _Context: Uzbekistan_
10. [A Catalan official says the 13 exchange students killed in Sunday's accident were 19-to-25-year-old women,  seven from Italy, two Germans, an Austrian, a woman from France, a Romanian and an Uzbek. Twenty-four people are  being treated in hospital with one student in critical condition, and six people, including the driver, in serious condition. Reports from officials indicate the driver lost control of the coach and crashed to the other side before running into an oncoming car. The bus driver, who passed alcohol and drug tests, is being investigated for possible negligent homicide as police seek to determine the cause of the crash. ](/news/2016/03/21/a-catalan-official-says-the-13-exchange-students-killed-in-sunday-s-accident-were-19-to-25-year-old-women-seven-from-italy-two-germans-a.md) _Context: Uzbekistan_
