### [2012-12-4](/news/2012/12/4/index.md)

# The International Olympic Committee suspends India's national Olympic committee because of government interference in its election process. India's athletes will be barred from competing in Olympic events under their national flag, although the IOC could allow them to do so under the Olympic flag. 




### Source:

1. [AP via CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/sports/story/2012/12/04/sp-ioc-olympics-india.html)

### Related:

1. [Computer security firm McAfee uncovers one of the largest series of cyber attacks against the International Olympic Committee, Indian government, the United Nations, the steel industry and defence and security firms. ](/news/2011/08/3/computer-security-firm-mcafee-uncovers-one-of-the-largest-series-of-cyber-attacks-against-the-international-olympic-committee-indian-govern.md) _Context: Government of India, International Olympic Committee_
2. [India issues the producer of the controversial Blackberry devices a 31 August deadline to give the Indian government access to its services or be shut down over concerns the devices could be used to commit a repeat of the 2008 Mumbai attacks. ](/news/2010/08/12/india-issues-the-producer-of-the-controversial-blackberry-devices-a-31-august-deadline-to-give-the-indian-government-access-to-its-services.md) _Context: Government of India, India_
3. [ India's government locks down Srinagar, Kashmir, to prevent anti-election protests. ](/news/2009/04/29/india-s-government-locks-down-srinagar-kashmir-to-prevent-anti-election-protests.md) _Context: Government of India, India_
4. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims it has a "basic consensus" with Bhutan and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-it.md) _Context: India_
5. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
6. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
7. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan, China releases a map detailing pieces of land claimed by Bhutan and India as belonging to China. China claims, via the map, that territory up until Gipmochi belongs to China and claims it's supported by the 1890 Convention of Calcutta. ](/news/2017/07/1/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-china-releases-a-map-detailing-pieces-of-land-claimed-by-bhutan-and-india-as-belon.md) _Context: India_
9. [China informs India that it must withdraw its troops for any dialogue to occur as tensions rise between China and India and Bhutan over the disputed territory of Doklam. ](/news/2017/06/30/china-informs-india-that-it-must-withdraw-its-troops-for-any-dialogue-to-occur-as-tensions-rise-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the.md) _Context: India_
10. [Amid a stand-off between China and India in the Indian state of Sikkim, Bhutan protests to China over the construction of a road in the disputed territory of Doklam, a meeting point for all three countries' borders. ](/news/2017/06/29/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-in-the-indian-state-of-sikkim-bhutan-protests-to-china-over-the-construction-of-a-road-in-the-disp.md) _Context: India_
