### [2004-02-7](/news/2004/02/7/index.md)

#  Carnival: The Krewe du Vieux parades through the Faubourg Marigny and French Quarter neighborhoods of New Orleans, Louisiana, starting that city's "Mardi Gras" season of parades.




### Related:

1. [ U.S. President George W. Bush addresses the nation from Jackson Square in New Orleans saying: "We have witnessed the kind of devastation no citizen of this great and generous nation should ever have to know. We will do what it takes and stay as long as it takes to help New Orleans to return their community and their lives." He provides the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) phone number to assist families in reuniting: 877-568-3317. ](/news/2005/09/15/u-s-president-george-w-bush-addresses-the-nation-from-jackson-square-in-new-orleans-saying-we-have-witnessed-the-kind-of-devastation-no.md) _Context: French Quarter, New Orleans, Louisiana_
2. [An explosion occurs at a carnival in Villepinte, Seine-Saint-Denis, France, injuring at least 18 people. ](/news/2017/04/1/an-explosion-occurs-at-a-carnival-in-villepinte-seine-saint-denis-france-injuring-at-least-18-people.md) _Context: carnival_
3. [Twelve people are injured, four critically, after an SUV hits the Gulf Shores High School Band during the Gulf Shores, Alabama, Mardi Gras parade. The vehicle, in the parade behind the band, accelerated when the 73-year-old driver's foot slipped off the brake pedal onto the gas. ](/news/2017/02/28/twelve-people-are-injured-four-critically-after-an-suv-hits-the-gulf-shores-high-school-band-during-the-gulf-shores-alabama-mardi-gras-p.md) _Context: Mardi Gras_
4. [One person is killed, and nine others wounded in a mass shooting in the French Quarter section of New Orleans, following the Bayou Classic football game. Police arrest two men, one of whom was injured during the shooting. ](/news/2016/11/27/one-person-is-killed-and-nine-others-wounded-in-a-mass-shooting-in-the-french-quarter-section-of-new-orleans-following-the-bayou-classic-f.md) _Context: French Quarter_
5. [A 20-year-old man is arrested and charged with murder and attempted murder in connection with a June 28 shooting that occurred at Bourbon Street in New Orleans, Louisiana, U.S., which killed one person and wounded 8 others. ](/news/2014/07/4/a-20-year-old-man-is-arrested-and-charged-with-murder-and-attempted-murder-in-connection-with-a-june-28-shooting-that-occurred-at-bourbon-st.md) _Context: New Orleans, Louisiana_
6. [Four people are wounded after a shooting in Bourbon Street, New Orleans, United States, while it was crowded with party-goers and people setting up for Mardi Gras parades. ](/news/2013/02/9/four-people-are-wounded-after-a-shooting-in-bourbon-street-new-orleans-united-states-while-it-was-crowded-with-party-goers-and-people-set.md) _Context: Mardi Gras_
7. [The Morganza Spillway on the Mississippi River has been opened for the first time in 37 years, deliberately flooding 3,000 square miles of rural Louisiana to save most of Baton Rouge and New Orleans. ](/news/2011/05/15/the-morganza-spillway-on-the-mississippi-river-has-been-opened-for-the-first-time-in-37-years-deliberately-flooding-3-000-square-miles-of-r.md) _Context: New Orleans, Louisiana_
8. [The Morganza Spillway on the Mississippi River is opened for the second time in its history, deliberately flooding 3,000 sqmi of rural Louisiana and placing a nuclear power plant at risk to save most of Baton Rouge and New Orleans. ](/news/2011/05/14/the-morganza-spillway-on-the-mississippi-river-is-opened-for-the-second-time-in-its-history-deliberately-flooding-3-000-sqmi-of-rural-louis.md) _Context: New Orleans, Louisiana_
9. [The Brazilian Carnival has its peak main carnival processions in Rio de Janeiro. ](/news/2011/03/6/the-brazilian-carnival-has-its-peak-main-carnival-processions-in-rio-de-janeiro.md) _Context: carnival_
10. [ Seven people are killed and 17 injured at a Queen's Day parade in Apeldoorn, Netherlands. ](/news/2009/04/30/seven-people-are-killed-and-17-injured-at-a-queen-s-day-parade-in-apeldoorn-netherlands.md) _Context: parade_
