### [2004-02-7](/news/2004/02/7/index.md)

#  Nearly 400 members of Yasser Arafat's Fatah faction of the Palestine Liberation Organization resign in protest over corruption, mismanagement and a lack of direction with Fatah.<ref name="washingtonpost1">[http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A22149-2004Feb7.html] date=August 2015 bot=RjwilmsiBot</ref>




### Related:

1. [ Saeb Erakat announces that Palestinian Authority leader Yasser Arafat has died at the age of 75 at a Paris hospital. Rawhi Fattouh becomes interim President of the Palestinian Authority. Mahmoud Abbas leads the Palestine Liberation Organization. Farouk Kaddoumi, foreign minister of the PLO, leads Fatah and Ahmed Qureia receives the security portfolio of the Palestinian Authority. ](/news/2004/11/10/saeb-erakat-announces-that-palestinian-authority-leader-yasser-arafat-has-died-at-the-age-of-75-at-a-paris-hospital-rawhi-fattouh-becomes.md) _Context: Fatah, Palestine Liberation Organization's, Yasser Arafat_
2. [The Qatari-owned satellite channel, Al Jazeera, reports that traces of radioactive polonium-210 have been found in some personal effects of former PLO Chairman Yasser Arafat, who died in 2004; the PLO and Arafat's widow agree to his exhumation to investigate if he had been poisoned. ](/news/2012/07/4/the-qatari-owned-satellite-channel-al-jazeera-reports-that-traces-of-radioactive-polonium-210-have-been-found-in-some-personal-effects-of.md) _Context: Palestine Liberation Organization's, Yasser Arafat_
3. [ Hamas security forces arrest 400 Fatah supporters after a rally to commemorate Yasser Arafat's death ended in gunfire. ](/news/2007/11/13/hamas-security-forces-arrest-400-fatah-supporters-after-a-rally-to-commemorate-yasser-arafat-s-death-ended-in-gunfire.md) _Context: Fatah, Yasser Arafat_
4. [ Thousands of Fatah supporters gather in Gaza to mark the third anniversary of Yasser Arafat's death. Hamas security forces kill seven people and wound several. ](/news/2007/11/12/thousands-of-fatah-supporters-gather-in-gaza-to-mark-the-third-anniversary-of-yasser-arafat-s-death-hamas-security-forces-kill-seven-peopl.md) _Context: Fatah, Yasser Arafat_
5. [ Islamist party Hamas' landslide victory in Palestinian elections ends four decades of rule by the Fatah party. Hamas secures 76 seats in the 132-member legislature through parliamentary elections. Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei announces he will resign and Fatah declares it will not join a Hamas-led coalition, although Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas plans to continue negotiations with Israel through the Palestine Liberation Organization.](/news/2006/01/26/islamist-party-hamas-landslide-victory-in-palestinian-elections-ends-four-decades-of-rule-by-the-fatah-party-hamas-secures-76-seats-in-th.md) _Context: Fatah, Palestine Liberation Organization's_
6. [ Jailed Palestinian Marwan Barghouti joins the race to succeed Yasser Arafat, bringing the total to 10 candidates, drawing criticism from Arafat's Fatah movement. ](/news/2004/12/1/jailed-palestinian-marwan-barghouti-joins-the-race-to-succeed-yasser-arafat-bringing-the-total-to-10-candidates-drawing-criticism-from-ar.md) _Context: Fatah, Yasser Arafat_
7. [ Yasser Arafat is flown to Paris, France, for medical treatment at Percy military hospital which specializes in blood disorders and cancer. Ahmed Qurei will manage the daily affairs of the Palestinian Authority and Mahmoud Abbas, the Palestine Liberation Organization. ](/news/2004/10/29/yasser-arafat-is-flown-to-paris-france-for-medical-treatment-at-percy-military-hospital-which-specializes-in-blood-disorders-and-cancer.md) _Context: Palestine Liberation Organization's, Yasser Arafat_
8. [ Yasser Arafat orders 21 members of the Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades section of Fatah, who are wanted by Israel and have been seeking sanctuary within the Mukata for many months, to leave his Mukata headquarters in Ramallah. ](/news/2004/04/22/yasser-arafat-orders-21-members-of-the-al-aqsa-martyrs-brigades-section-of-fatah-who-are-wanted-by-israel-and-have-been-seeking-sanctuary.md) _Context: Fatah, Yasser Arafat_
9. [ Following a gun battle, in which Palestinians hiding in a World Health Organization psychiatric hospital, in Bethlehem, opened fire on Israeli troops outside who came to arrest them, 12 of the Palestinians, mostly known militants from al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades that make up part of Yasser Arafat's Fatah faction, are arrested. ](/news/2004/04/1/following-a-gun-battle-in-which-palestinians-hiding-in-a-world-health-organization-psychiatric-hospital-in-bethlehem-opened-fire-on-isra.md) _Context: Fatah, Yasser Arafat_
10. [ In an angry public exchange, Yasser Arafat calls Fatah official Nasser Yousef a "traitor" and hurls a microphone at him. ](/news/2004/02/27/in-an-angry-public-exchange-yasser-arafat-calls-fatah-official-nasser-yousef-a-traitor-and-hurls-a-microphone-at-him.md) _Context: Fatah, Yasser Arafat_
