### [2004-02-7](/news/2004/02/7/index.md)

#  Up to 4000 protesters in Albania threw rocks and tried to storm the offices of Prime Minister Fatos Nano whom they have accused of creating policies that impoverish Albanians.




### Related:

1. [ In Tirana, Albania, a crowd of up to 20,000 protesters, led by ex-president and opposition party leader Sali Berisha, demanded once again that Prime Minister Fatos Nano resign for failing to improve the economy. This protest, though a peaceful one, comes on the heels of a more violent protest two weeks ago in which protesters threw rocks at police and tried to storm the Prime Minister's office. ](/news/2004/02/22/in-tirana-albania-a-crowd-of-up-to-20-000-protesters-led-by-ex-president-and-opposition-party-leader-sali-berisha-demanded-once-again-t.md) _Context: Albania, Fatos Nano, Prime Minister_
2. [The parliament of Papua New Guinea re-elects Peter O'Neill as Prime Minister, ending a chaotic election campaign marred by violence, which analysts fear may continue amid widespread voter unrest. ](/news/2017/08/2/the-parliament-of-papua-new-guinea-re-elects-peter-o-neill-as-prime-minister-ending-a-chaotic-election-campaign-marred-by-violence-which-a.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
3. [Voters in Albania go to the polls in an election important to the country's European Union candidacy, with both the ruling Socialist Party and the rival Democratic Party looking to gain a majority in the country's parliament. Voting is extended by one hour because of Eid al-Fitr celebrations and 39{{nbsp}}degC (102{{nbsp}}degF) degree temperatures. ](/news/2017/06/25/voters-in-albania-go-to-the-polls-in-an-election-important-to-the-country-s-european-union-candidacy-with-both-the-ruling-socialist-party-a.md) _Context: Albania_
4. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
5. [Albanian Prime Minister Edi Rama dismisses four cabinet ministers, including Minister of Internal Affairs Saimir Tahiri and Minister of Health Ilir Beqaj, in a bid to make the government more technocratic following opposition Democratic Party protests. ](/news/2017/03/12/albanian-prime-minister-edi-rama-dismisses-four-cabinet-ministers-including-minister-of-internal-affairs-saimir-tahiri-and-minister-of-heal.md) _Context: Albania_
6. [Following the Obama Administration's pledge of additional Special Operations troops to Iraq, several members of Iraq's ruling alliance state that only the Iraqi Parliament can authorize the action, and political associates of Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi report such a troop expansion would be unacceptable. Several members of Iraqi militias have also decried a deployment of more U.S. troops. During the pull out from Iraq, president Obama promised there would be no more "boots on the ground" in Iraq again. ](/news/2015/12/3/following-the-obama-administration-s-pledge-of-additional-special-operations-troops-to-iraq-several-members-of-iraqas-ruling-alliance-sta.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
7. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met today in Berlin with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu regarding the recent spate of violence between Palestinians and Israelis. Kerry will meet on Saturday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and King Abdullah of Jordan in Amman. ](/news/2015/10/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-met-today-in-berlin-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-regarding-the-recent-spate-of-violence.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
8. [More than 400 Albanian police supported by Army helicopters surround the village of Lazarat in southern Albania known as the "cannabis Kingdom" where an armed criminal gang has entrenched itself. ](/news/2015/06/25/more-than-400-albanian-police-supported-by-army-helicopters-surround-the-village-of-lazarat-in-southern-albania-known-as-the-cannabis-kingd.md) _Context: Albania_
9. [Pope Francis celebrates Mass in Albania. ](/news/2014/09/21/pope-francis-celebrates-mass-in-albania.md) _Context: Albania_
10. [Montenegro, Norway, Iceland and Albania join the list of countries supporting sanctions including asset freezings and travel bans directed at Russian individuals. ](/news/2014/04/11/montenegro-norway-iceland-and-albania-join-the-list-of-countries-supporting-sanctions-including-asset-freezings-and-travel-bans-directed-a.md) _Context: Albania_
