### [2010-09-2](/news/2010/09/2/index.md)

# Lebanon requests an Interpol arrest warrant for Ghassan al-Jidd, a former General in the Lebanese Army who allegedly spied for the Mossad. 

Former Lebanese general accused of collaborating with Israeli intelligence; five alleged spies face death sentence.


### Source:

1. [Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/MiddleEast/Article.aspx?id=186810)

### Related:

1. [Clashes between the Lebanese Army and jihadist militants near the village of Ras Baalbek in northeast Lebanon, close to the Syrian border, leaves one soldier and eight militants dead. ](/news/2016/03/10/clashes-between-the-lebanese-army-and-jihadist-militants-near-the-village-of-ras-baalbek-in-northeast-lebanon-close-to-the-syrian-border-l.md) _Context: Lebanese Armed Forces, Lebanon_
2. [The Lebanese army in Wadi Khaled is placed on alert after rockets from Syria kill two people in its territory. ](/news/2012/07/7/the-lebanese-army-in-wadi-khaled-is-placed-on-alert-after-rockets-from-syria-kill-two-people-in-its-territory.md) _Context: Lebanese Armed Forces, Lebanon_
3. [The Lebanese army claims that Israeli Air Force planes violated Lebanon's airspace several times, in violation of the United Nations Security Council Resolution, which ended the Israeli-Lebanese war of 2006 between Lebanese-based Islamic militant group Hezbollah and Israel. ](/news/2010/12/27/the-lebanese-army-claims-that-israeli-air-force-planes-violated-lebanon-s-airspace-several-times-in-violation-of-the-united-nations-securit.md) _Context: Lebanese Armed Forces, Lebanon_
4. [ The Lebanese armed forces' chief of operations, General Franois al-Hajj, is killed in a bomb attack in Beirut. ](/news/2007/12/12/the-lebanese-armed-forces-chief-of-operations-general-francois-al-hajj-is-killed-in-a-bomb-attack-in-beirut.md) _Context: Lebanese Armed Forces, Lebanon_
5. [ Avivim incident: Israel Defense Forces and Lebanese Armed Forces exchange fire at the Israel-Lebanon border. ](/news/2007/02/7/avivim-incident-israel-defense-forces-and-lebanese-armed-forces-exchange-fire-at-the-israel-lebanon-border.md) _Context: Lebanese Armed Forces, Lebanon_
6. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Lebanon_
7. [  Lebanese Armed Forces are attacked by five suicide bombers and other militants during a raid of two Syrian refugee camps in  Arsal  near the Syrian border. The army reports a girl was killed in one of the suicide attacks, seven soldiers were also wounded, and 350 people, including several ISIL officials,  were detained during the sweep. ](/news/2017/06/30/lebanese-armed-forces-are-attacked-by-five-suicide-bombers-and-other-militants-during-a-raid-of-two-syrian-refugee-camps-in-arsal-near-t.md) _Context: Lebanese Armed Forces_
8. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Lebanon_
9. [Following a joint police operation by Europol and Interpol last October and November across much of Europe, dubbed "Operation Pandora", more than 3,500 stolen artwork and artifacts are recovered, with 75 people arrested and 48,588 more being investigated. ](/news/2017/01/23/following-a-joint-police-operation-by-europol-and-interpol-last-october-and-november-across-much-of-europe-dubbed-operation-pandora-more.md) _Context: Interpol_
10. [A suicide bomber attacks the Lebanese village of Qaa near the Syrian border, with at least six people dead and 13 people injured. ](/news/2016/06/27/a-suicide-bomber-attacks-the-lebanese-village-of-qaa-near-the-syrian-border-with-at-least-six-people-dead-and-13-people-injured.md) _Context: Lebanon_
