### [2015-12-29](/news/2015/12/29/index.md)

# 2015 Flood in Missouri. Missouri Governor Jay Nixon warns residents that the state faces historic flooding that likely will rival Great Flood of 1993 levels. Swollen rivers are still rising and won't crest for days. The Mississippi River is expected to reach nearly 15 feet above flood stage on Thursday. Nixon pleaded with drivers to stay off inundated roadways. Twelve of the 13 people killed from these recent storms died after their vehicles were swept from flooded roadways. 

Twelve of 13 people who died in recent winter weather were killed after the vehicles were swept from flooded roadways, Nixon said.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/missouri-governor-warns-historic-dangerous-floods-n487541)
2. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/US/2015/12/29/Midwest-Weather-Missouri-governor-Nixon-warns-of-historic-water-levels-to-rival-Great-Flood-of-93/2371451386905/)

### Related:

1. [Tornadoes destroy a church and damage dozens of homes in the Midwestern United States, cutting off electricity in several areas, and prompting Missouri Governor Jay Nixon to declare a state of emergency. ](/news/2013/04/11/tornadoes-destroy-a-church-and-damage-dozens-of-homes-in-the-midwestern-united-states-cutting-off-electricity-in-several-areas-and-prompti.md) _Context: Jay Nixon, Missouri Governor_
2. [2015 Missouri flooding. Record flooding along the Mississippi River and its tributaries that has closed major highways, forced evacuations, and overflowed levees, continues to threaten the Midwestern United States where at least 24 have died. The Mississippi is expected to crest in the next few days in Thebes, Illinois, at 47.5 feet, breaking the 1995 record by more than a foot and a half (46 cm). And now periods of below-freezing air will cause some flooded areas to turn icy. ](/news/2015/12/31/2015-missouri-flooding-record-flooding-along-the-mississippi-river-and-its-tributaries-that-has-closed-major-highways-forced-evacuations.md) _Context: Mississippi River_
3. [Death of Michael Brown:. The Governor of the US state of Missouri, Jay Nixon, dispatches the Missouri National Guard to the St. Louis suburb of Ferguson following a week of often violent protest after the shooting of Michael Brown. ](/news/2014/08/18/death-of-michael-brown-the-governor-of-the-us-state-of-missouri-jay-nixon-dispatches-the-missouri-national-guard-to-the-st-louis-suburb.md) _Context: Jay Nixon_
4. [Shooting of Michael Brown:. Governor Jay Nixon declares a state of emergency and curfew in the town of Ferguson, Missouri following nights of rioting. ](/news/2014/08/16/shooting-of-michael-brown-governor-jay-nixon-declares-a-state-of-emergency-and-curfew-in-the-town-of-ferguson-missouri-following-nights-o.md) _Context: Jay Nixon_
5. [One fourth-grade child is fatally injured, one is missing, and two others (from a St. Louis Park, Minnesota elementary school) were rescued by firefighters, after a gravel slide at St. Paul, Minnesota's Lilydale Regional Park, near the Mississippi River. The rescue effort was suspended for the night, after conditions got worse. ](/news/2013/05/22/one-fourth-grade-child-is-fatally-injured-one-is-missing-and-two-others-from-a-st-louis-park-minnesota-elementary-school-were-rescued.md) _Context: Mississippi River_
6. [River flooding continues in six states in the midwestern United States with several towns north of St. Louis, Missouri, expecting the Mississippi River to reach a crest. ](/news/2013/04/21/river-flooding-continues-in-six-states-in-the-midwestern-united-states-with-several-towns-north-of-st-louis-missouri-expecting-the-missis.md) _Context: Mississippi River_
7. [A black American political candidate "was dragged and set on fire" during his murder in the U.S. state of Mississippi, say his family. The corpse of Marco McMillian was found bruised and burned near a levee on the Mississippi River. ](/news/2013/03/5/a-black-american-political-candidate-was-dragged-and-set-on-fire-during-his-murder-in-the-u-s-state-of-mississippi-say-his-family-the-c.md) _Context: Mississippi River_
8. [Spring 2011 Mississippi River Floods. The United States Coast Guard closes a section of the Mississippi River near Caruthersville, Missouri due to heavy flooding. ](/news/2011/05/6/spring-2011-mississippi-river-floods-the-united-states-coast-guard-closes-a-section-of-the-mississippi-river-near-caruthersville-missouri.md) _Context: Mississippi River_
9. [Rising flood waters from the Mississippi River force evacuations around Memphis, Tennessee, as near-record flooding along the river occurs from Canada and the Dakotas down to the Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2011/05/5/rising-flood-waters-from-the-mississippi-river-force-evacuations-around-memphis-tennessee-as-near-record-flooding-along-the-river-occurs-f.md) _Context: Mississippi River_
10. [2011 Midwest floods:. Despite the breach of a levee on the Mississippi River to ease flood pressure in southern Illinois, massive flooding continues from Minnesota to Louisiana and hundreds of square miles of mostly farmland in Missouri are under water. ](/news/2011/05/4/2011-midwest-floods-despite-the-breach-of-a-levee-on-the-mississippi-river-to-ease-flood-pressure-in-southern-illinois-massive-flooding-c.md) _Context: Mississippi River_
