### [2015-12-29](/news/2015/12/29/index.md)

# American chemical giant DuPont announces that, in early 2016, it will cut 1,700 jobs in Delaware, about 28 percent of its home state workforce, and thousands more globally in connection as a result of the Dow Chemical Company merger. 

DuPont will cut 1,700 jobs in its home state of Delaware and thousands more globally as it prepares for its merger with Dow Chemical.


### Source:

1. [AP via NBC news](http://www.nbcnews.com/business/business-news/dupont-announces-1-700-layoffs-it-prepares-dow-merger-n487436)
2. [Delaware Online](http://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/local/2015/12/29/dupont-layoffs-were-expected-comes-heels-change/78025916/)
3. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/economy/dupont-will-cut-28-percent-of-its-workforce-in-delaware/2015/12/29/f64bcfda-ae37-11e5-b711-1998289ffcea_story.html)
3. [Cover Image](https://media4.s-nbcnews.com/j/newscms/2015_53/1357146/151220-dupont-hq-mn-1350_e9142f76389d9481a4b9d59202f2dc81.nbcnews-fp-1200-800.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Germany's BASF SE, the largest chemical producer in the world, is pursuing a counterbid for DuPont that could short circuit the Delaware-based company's announced merger with fellow American firm, Dow Chemical Company. ](/news/2016/03/7/germany-s-basf-se-the-largest-chemical-producer-in-the-world-is-pursuing-a-counterbid-for-dupont-that-could-short-circuit-the-delaware-bas.md) _Context: Delaware, Dow Chemical Company, DuPont_
2. [Two of the U.S.'s oldest and largest companies, DuPont and Dow Chemical Company, will merge in an all-stock deal valued at $130 billion. The deal, which includes future plans for DowDuPont to split into three independent, public companies, is expected to face intense scrutiny from federal antitrust regulators, who will examine the impact on prices and the availability of vital seeds and herbicides.](/news/2015/12/11/two-of-the-u-s-as-oldest-and-largest-companies-dupont-and-dow-chemical-company-will-merge-in-an-all-stock-deal-valued-at-130-billion-t.md) _Context: Dow Chemical Company, DuPont_
3. [ A federal jury orders DuPont to pay $2 million to a man with testicular cancer after finding the company liable for diseases linked to C8, a Teflon-making chemical. ](/news/2016/12/21/a-federal-jury-orders-dupont-to-pay-2-million-to-a-man-with-testicular-cancer-after-finding-the-company-liable-for-diseases-linked-to-c8.md) _Context: DuPont_
4. [Energy Future Holdings, a Texas electric utility, asks a bankruptcy court in Delaware to confirm a plan that would allow it to exit Chapter 11 after more than two years. ](/news/2016/08/17/energy-future-holdings-a-texas-electric-utility-asks-a-bankruptcy-court-in-delaware-to-confirm-a-plan-that-would-allow-it-to-exit-chapter.md) _Context: Delaware_
5. [In the United States, a Delaware court rules Michael Dell and Silver Lake Partners underpriced their 2013 $24.9 billion buyout of Dell Inc. by about 22 percent, and may have to pay tens of millions to investors who opposed the deal. ](/news/2016/05/31/in-the-united-states-a-delaware-court-rules-michael-dell-and-silver-lake-partners-underpriced-their-2013-24-9-billion-buyout-of-dell-inc.md) _Context: Delaware_
6. [Voters in the U.S. states of Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/04/26/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-connecticut-delaware-maryland-pennsylvania-and-rhode-island-head-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-democratic-and-repu.md) _Context: Delaware_
7. [Dow Chemical agrees to pay $835 million to settle a decade-long, price-fixing, class-action dispute. Dow states that the uncertainty about the U.S. Supreme Court makeup following Justice Antonin Scalia's death means there is an "increased likelihood for unfavorable outcomes for business involved in class action suits." The urethane chemicals case, from 2005, was against a number of companies; Dow had been the only defendant not to settle. ](/news/2016/02/26/dow-chemical-agrees-to-pay-835-million-to-settle-a-decade-long-price-fixing-class-action-dispute-dow-states-that-the-uncertainty-about-t.md) _Context: Dow Chemical Company_
8. [This potentially record storm, which is predicted to generate blizzard conditions through a third day on Sunday, has caused at least 10 deaths, knocked out power to hundreds of thousands, led to more than 8,300 canceled flights, stranded many travelers on major highways and, with up to 70 mph winds, produced record-high tides along the Delaware and New Jersey shores. ](/news/2016/01/23/this-potentially-record-storm-which-is-predicted-to-generate-blizzard-conditions-through-a-third-day-on-sunday-has-caused-at-least-10-deat.md) _Context: Delaware_
9. [A chemical leak at a DuPont plant in LaPorte, Texas leaves four workers dead. ](/news/2014/11/15/a-chemical-leak-at-a-dupont-plant-in-laporte-texas-leaves-four-workers-dead.md) _Context: DuPont_
10. [Governor Jack Markell signs a bill making Delaware the 11th U.S. state to legalize same-sex marriage. ](/news/2013/05/7/governor-jack-markell-signs-a-bill-making-delaware-the-11th-u-s-state-to-legalize-same-sex-marriage.md) _Context: Delaware_
