### [2015-12-29](/news/2015/12/29/index.md)

# El Salvador's murder rate surges by 70% in 2015, an increase that may lead to the Central American nation edging out Honduras as the world's most murderous nation. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/reuters/article-3377989/El-Salvador-murder-rate-jumps-70-pct-2015.html)

### Related:

1. [A 7.4 magnitude earthquake occurs off the coast of El Salvador with a tsunami warning issued for the Pacific Ocean coasts of El Salvador, Nicaragua and Honduras. ](/news/2014/10/13/a-7-4-magnitude-earthquake-occurs-off-the-coast-of-el-salvador-with-a-tsunami-warning-issued-for-the-pacific-ocean-coasts-of-el-salvador-ni.md) _Context: El Salvador, Honduras_
2. [A 7.4 magnitude earthquake occurs in the Pacific Ocean off the coast of El Salvador with tsunami warnings in place for Costa Rica, Nicaragua, El Salvador, Honduras, Guatemala, Panama and Mexico. ](/news/2012/08/26/a-7-4-magnitude-earthquake-occurs-in-the-pacific-ocean-off-the-coast-of-el-salvador-with-tsunami-warnings-in-place-for-costa-rica-nicaragua.md) _Context: El Salvador, Honduras_
3. [ Grupo TACA Flight 390, an Airbus A320 flying from San Salvador, El Salvador, crashes in Tegucigalpa, Honduras, after failing to land due to a wet runway. 18 casualties are reported, including the chairman of the Central American Bank for Economic Integration who suffered a heart attack after the crash. ](/news/2008/05/30/grupo-taca-flight-390-an-airbus-a320-flying-from-san-salvador-el-salvador-crashes-in-tegucigalpa-honduras-after-failing-to-land-due-to.md) _Context: El Salvador, Honduras_
4. [ Hurricane Stan strikes Mexico and Central America, at least 66 people have died, most of them in landslides in El Salvador. ](/news/2005/10/5/hurricane-stan-strikes-mexico-and-central-america-at-least-66-people-have-died-most-of-them-in-landslides-in-el-salvador.md) _Context: Central America, El Salvador_
5. [ The Ilamatepec volcano erupts in a coffee-growing area 40 miles (60 km) west of San Salvador, El Salvador, spitting rock and ash into the air. The Salvadoran government evacuates hundreds of people in the region and there are no reported injuries. San Salvador's air quality - already the most polluted in Central America - is significantly worsened by the additional volcanic debris. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/nm/20051001/wl_nm/salvador_volcano_dc (Yahoo! news)](Link dead as of 22:37, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/10/1/the-ilamatepec-volcano-erupts-in-a-coffee-growing-area-40-miles-60-km-west-of-san-salvador-el-salvador-spitting-rock-and-ash-into-the-a.md) _Context: Central America, El Salvador_
6. [Four people, including a pregnant woman, are killed and dozens injured when a rush of fans try to enter an already-at-capacity Tiburcio Caras Andino Stadium before the Honduran Clausura final in Tegucigalpa, Honduras. Police are investigating possible overselling of tickets. ](/news/2017/05/28/four-people-including-a-pregnant-woman-are-killed-and-dozens-injured-when-a-rush-of-fans-try-to-enter-an-already-at-capacity-tiburcio-cari.md) _Context: Honduras_
7. [Crime in El Salvador. As the homicide rate in El Salvador declines, the country records its first day in the last two years without a homicide. ](/news/2017/01/11/crime-in-el-salvador-as-the-homicide-rate-in-el-salvador-declines-the-country-records-its-first-day-in-the-last-two-years-without-a-homici.md) _Context: El Salvador_
8. [A magnitude 7.0 earthquake occurs off the coast of El Salvador with the potential to cause a tsunami. Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega declares a state of emergency because of the quake and Hurricane Otto. ](/news/2016/11/24/a-magnitude-7-0-earthquake-occurs-off-the-coast-of-el-salvador-with-the-potential-to-cause-a-tsunami-nicaraguan-president-daniel-ortega-dec.md) _Context: El Salvador_
9. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Otto makes landfall in Nicaragua, becoming the southernmost hurricane on record to hit Central America. ](/news/2016/11/24/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-otto-makes-landfall-in-nicaragua-becoming-the-southernmost-hurricane-on-record-to-hit-central-ame.md) _Context: Central America_
10. [A 6.1 magnitude earthquake hits the northwestern coast of Nicaragua not far from the Honduran border. "La Prensa" reports the walls of a church collapsed in the city of Chinandega. There are no immediate reports of casualties. ](/news/2016/06/9/a-6-1-magnitude-earthquake-hits-the-northwestern-coast-of-nicaragua-not-far-from-the-honduran-border-la-prensa-reports-the-walls-of-a-chu.md) _Context: Honduras_
