### [2015-12-29](/news/2015/12/29/index.md)

# Eloy Inos, the Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands since 2013, dies in office. 

Gov. Eloy S. Inos has passed away in the U.S. mainland, sources told Saipan Tribune this morning. Press secretary Ivan Blanco declined to comment when Saipan Tribune asked if the reports were true on Inos’ passing, but then stated that a Cabinet meeting is being set and a press conference is scheduled this afternoon. Facebook has been inundated with condolences and messages to the Inos family. Inos’ death comes nearly a year after he was inaugurated for his first term as governor alongside Lt. Gov. Ralph DLG Torres, who has been acting governor in his behalf since Inos has been hospitalized for a heart ailment in Seattle, WA. Inos took over from former governor Benigno R. Fitial, who resigned his term in February 2013 after being impeached by the House of Representatives on corruption charges.


### Source:

1. [Marianas Variety](http://www.mvariety.com/cnmi/cnmi-news/local/82659-update-ralph-torres-victor-hocog-will-be-sworn-in-at-3-p-m-tuesday-at-the-multi-purpose-center)
2. [Saipan Tribune](http://www.saipantribune.com/index.php/breaking-news-gov-eloy-inos-passes-away/)

### Related:

1. [Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands Benigno Fitial resigns from office ahead of a Senate trial on 18 articles of impeachment. Lt. Governor Eloy Inos is sworn in as Governor. Senate President Jude Hofschneider takes office as the new Lieutenant Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands. ](/news/2013/02/20/governor-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-benigno-fitial-resigns-from-office-ahead-of-a-senate-trial-on-18-articles-of-impeachment-lt-gover.md) _Context: Eloy Inos, Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands_
2. [Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands Benigno Fitial is impeached by the Northern Mariana Islands House of Representatives on 13 charges of felony, corruption, and neglect of duty. ](/news/2013/02/11/governor-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-benigno-fitial-is-impeached-by-the-northern-mariana-islands-house-of-representatives-on-13-charges.md) _Context: Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands_
3. [A resolution of impeachment against Northern Mariana Islands Governor Benigno Fitial is defeated in the Northern Mariana Islands House of Representatives with 9 votes in favor of impeachment, 10 against; 14 were required. ](/news/2012/10/17/a-resolution-of-impeachment-against-northern-mariana-islands-governor-benigno-fitial-is-defeated-in-the-northern-mariana-islands-house-of-re.md) _Context: Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands_
4. [ Incumbent Northern Mariana Islands Governor Benigno Fitial of the Covenant Party is declared the winner of the 2009 gubernatorial election and runoff over Republican Rep. Heinz Hofschneider. ](/news/2009/12/7/incumbent-northern-mariana-islands-governor-benigno-fitial-of-the-covenant-party-is-declared-the-winner-of-the-2009-gubernatorial-election.md) _Context: Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands_
5. [ Northern Mariana Islands gubernatorial election, 2009: The Northern Mariana Islands election commission sets November 23 as the guberntorial runoff election between Governor Benigno Fitial and challenger Heinz Hofschneider. ](/news/2009/11/9/northern-mariana-islands-gubernatorial-election-2009-the-northern-mariana-islands-election-commission-sets-november-23-as-the-guberntoria.md) _Context: Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands_
6. [ Northern Mariana Islands general election, 2009 results are released: Republican Party candidate Heinz Hofschneider and incumbent Governor Benigno Fitial virtually tie in the closest gubernatorial election in history. A runoff election will be held in the next 14 days to determine the winner. ](/news/2009/11/8/northern-mariana-islands-general-election-2009-results-are-released-republican-party-candidate-heinz-hofschneider-and-incumbent-governor.md) _Context: Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands_
7. [ Northern Mariana Islands gubernatorial election, 2009: In the Northern Mariana Islands' first ever runoff, incumbent Governor Benigno Fitial of the Covenant Party leads Republican Party Rep. Heinz Hofschneider by 501 votes. ](/news/2009/11/24/northern-mariana-islands-gubernatorial-election-2009-in-the-northern-mariana-islands-first-ever-runoff-incumbent-governor-benigno-fitia.md) _Context: Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands_
8. [ Voters in the Northern Mariana Islands participate in the Commonwealth's first ever gubernatorial runoff election between Governor Benigno Fitial and challenger Heinz Hofschneider. Hofschneider had bested Fitial in the first round by just 8 votes on November 7, the closest gubernatorial election in history. ](/news/2009/11/23/voters-in-the-northern-mariana-islands-participate-in-the-commonwealth-s-first-ever-gubernatorial-runoff-election-between-governor-benigno.md) _Context: Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands_
