### [2015-12-29](/news/2015/12/29/index.md)

# Lebanese Customs seize five tonnes of Captagon amphetamine pills and Hashish, concealed in primary school desks that were to be shipped to Egypt, at Beirut-Rafic Hariri International Airport. Meanwhile, security forces in northern Lebanon found two workshops producing Captagon and other drugs during a series of raids. The drug is infamous as being used by Islamist militants in the Syrian civil war. 




### Source:

1. [Channel News Asia](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/world/lebanon-seizes-5-tonnes-o/2385764.html)

### Related:

1. [A member of the Saudi Royal Family and four other people are detained in Lebanon for attempting to smuggle about two tons of Captagon pills and some cocaine on a private jet. This is the largest drug seizure in the history of Beirut's Rafik Hariri International Airport, according to Lebanon's state-run National News Agency. ](/news/2015/10/26/a-member-of-the-saudi-royal-family-and-four-other-people-are-detained-in-lebanon-for-attempting-to-smuggle-about-two-tons-of-captagon-pills.md) _Context: Beirut-Rafic Hariri International Airport, Captagon amphetamine pills, Lebanon_
2. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Egypt, Lebanon_
3. [Syrian government forces and allies, including Lebanese Hezbollah fighters, retake a large area southeast of Damascus, including the key town of Deir al-Asafir. ](/news/2016/05/19/syrian-government-forces-and-allies-including-lebanese-hezbollah-fighters-retake-a-large-area-southeast-of-damascus-including-the-key-tow.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syrian Civil War_
4. [A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-national-defence-force.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Kuwaiti authorities announce they arrested six members of an extremist network suspected of supplying funds and weapons, including rockets, to Daesh (Islamic State) militants. Four others are still being sought outside of the country. The group includes a Lebanese, an Egyptian, five Syrians, two Australians, and a Kuwaiti national. ](/news/2015/11/19/kuwaiti-authorities-announce-they-arrested-six-members-of-an-extremist-network-suspected-of-supplying-funds-and-weapons-including-rockets.md) _Context: Egypt, Lebanon_
6. [The Israeli Air Force reportedly conducts an airstrike near Damascus International Airport, in Syria's capital, the target apparently a weapons shipment reportedly intended for Lebanese terrorist organization Hezbollah, according to Syrian opposition groups. ](/news/2015/11/11/the-israeli-air-force-reportedly-conducts-an-airstrike-near-damascus-international-airport-in-syria-s-capital-the-target-apparently-a-weap.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Following Russian airstrikes, the Syrian army and allied Lebanese Hezbollah militia take control of a highland area in Idlib province close to insurgent-held positions, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2015/10/11/following-russian-airstrikes-the-syrian-army-and-allied-lebanese-hezbollah-militia-take-control-of-a-highland-area-in-idlib-province-close.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syrian Civil War_
8. [A massive sandstorm hits Lebanon and Syria as well as Jordan, Israel and Egypt. The Lebanese Health Ministry said the storm caused the deaths of two women, and sent hundreds to hospitals with breathing difficulties. Particularly hard hit were the 1.1 million Syrian refugees in Lebanon, many in flimsy tents in informal campsites. ](/news/2015/09/8/a-massive-sandstorm-hits-lebanon-and-syria-as-well-as-jordan-israel-and-egypt-the-lebanese-health-ministry-said-the-storm-caused-the-death.md) _Context: Egypt, Lebanon_
9. [Fighting resumes in Syria near the Lebanese border and Idlib Governorate as a temporary ceasefire between the Syrian government, its ally Hezbollah and an alliance of insurgent groups ends. ](/news/2015/08/15/fighting-resumes-in-syria-near-the-lebanese-border-and-idlib-governorate-as-a-temporary-ceasefire-between-the-syrian-government-its-ally-he.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Lebanon implements stricter immigration rules on its Syrian border in response to the refugee crisis caused by the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2015/01/5/lebanon-implements-stricter-immigration-rules-on-its-syrian-border-in-response-to-the-refugee-crisis-caused-by-the-syrian-civil-war.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syrian Civil War_
