### [2015-12-29](/news/2015/12/29/index.md)

# Missouri Governor Jay Nixon warns residents that the state faces historic flooding that likely will rival Great Flood of 1993 levels. Swollen rivers are still rising and won't crest for days. The Mississippi River is expected to reach nearly 15 feet above flood stage on Thursday. Nixon pleaded with drivers to stay off inundated roadways. Twelve of the 13 people killed from these recent storms died after their vehicles were swept from flooded roadways. 

Twelve of 13 people who died in recent winter weather were killed after the vehicles were swept from flooded roadways, Nixon said.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/missouri-governor-warns-historic-dangerous-floods-n487541)
2. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/US/2015/12/29/Midwest-Weather-Missouri-governor-Nixon-warns-of-historic-water-levels-to-rival-Great-Flood-of-93/2371451386905/)
2. [Cover Image](https://media4.s-nbcnews.com/j/newscms/2015_53/1357316/151229-missouri-floods-01_8282526d8ac0f9a0b622f027442f295a.nbcnews-fp-1200-800.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Tornadoes destroy a church and damage dozens of homes in the Midwestern United States, cutting off electricity in several areas, and prompting Missouri Governor Jay Nixon to declare a state of emergency. ](/news/2013/04/11/tornadoes-destroy-a-church-and-damage-dozens-of-homes-in-the-midwestern-united-states-cutting-off-electricity-in-several-areas-and-prompti.md) _Context: Jay Nixon, Missouri Governor_
2. [Atmospheric scientists expect Hurricane Nate, currently, a category 1 storm (90 mph-150 km-h) moving quickly toward the United States' northern Gulf Coast, to make landfall at the mouth of the Mississippi River this evening as a category 2 hurricane with hurricane warnings as far east as the Alabama-Florida border. The storm has already killed at least 30 people in Central America. ](/news/2017/10/7/atmospheric-scientists-expect-hurricane-nate-currently-a-category-1-storm-90-mph-150-km-h-moving-quickly-toward-the-united-states-north.md) _Context: Mississippi River_
3. [Record flooding along the Mississippi River and its tributaries that has closed major highways, forced evacuations, and overflowed levees, continues to threaten the Midwestern United States where at least 24 have died. The Mississippi is expected to crest in the next few days in Thebes, Illinois, at 47.5 feet, breaking the 1995 record by more than a foot and a half (46 cm). And now periods of below-freezing air will cause some flooded areas to turn icy. ](/news/2015/12/31/record-flooding-along-the-mississippi-river-and-its-tributaries-that-has-closed-major-highways-forced-evacuations-and-overflowed-levees-c.md) _Context: Mississippi River_
4. [The Governor of the US state of Missouri, Jay Nixon, dispatches the Missouri National Guard to the St. Louis suburb of Ferguson following a week of often violent protest after the shooting of Michael Brown. ](/news/2014/08/18/the-governor-of-the-us-state-of-missouri-jay-nixon-dispatches-the-missouri-national-guard-to-the-st-louis-suburb-of-ferguson-following-a.md) _Context: Jay Nixon_
5. [Governor Jay Nixon declares a state of emergency and curfew in the town of Ferguson, Missouri following nights of rioting. ](/news/2014/08/16/governor-jay-nixon-declares-a-state-of-emergency-and-curfew-in-the-town-of-ferguson-missouri-following-nights-of-rioting.md) _Context: Jay Nixon_

### Changes:

1. [Missouri Governor Jay Nixon warns residents that the state faces historic flooding that likely will rival Great Flood of 1993 levels. Swollen rivers are still rising and won't crest for days. The Mississippi River is expected to reach nearly 15 feet above flood stage on Thursday. Nixon pleaded with drivers to stay off inundated roadways. Twelve of the 13 people killed from these recent storms died after their vehicles were swept from flooded roadways. ](/news/2015/12/29/missouri-governor-jay-nixon-warns-residents-that-the-state-faces-historic-flooding-that-likely-will-rival-great-flood-of-1993-levels-swoll.md) _2017-08-25 03:44:12 (First version)_
2. [2015 Flood in Missouri: Missouri Governor Jay Nixon warns residents that the state faces historic flooding that likely will rival Great Flood of 1993 levels. Swollen rivers are still rising and won't crest for days. The Mississippi River is expected to reach nearly 15 feet above flood stage on Thursday. Nixon pleaded with drivers to stay off inundated roadways. Twelve of the 13 people killed from these recent storms died after their vehicles were swept from flooded roadways. ](/news/2015/12/29/2015-flood-in-missouri-missouri-governor-jay-nixon-warns-residents-that-the-state-faces-historic-flooding-that-likely-will-rival-great-floo.md) _2017-08-27 03:44:32 (Update)_
2. [Missouri Governor Jay Nixon warns residents that the state faces historic flooding that likely will rival Great Flood of 1993 levels. Swollen rivers are still rising and won't crest for days. The Mississippi River is expected to reach nearly 15 feet above flood stage on Thursday. Nixon pleaded with drivers to stay off inundated roadways. Twelve of the 13 people killed from these recent storms died after their vehicles were swept from flooded roadways. ](/news/2015/12/29/missouri-governor-jay-nixon-warns-residents-that-the-state-faces-historic-flooding-that-likely-will-rival-great-flood-of-1993-levels-swolle.md) _(Current version)_
