### [2015-12-29](/news/2015/12/29/index.md)

# North Korea's state media says Kim Yang-gon, a top aide to supreme leader Kim Jong-un and secretary of the ruling Workers' Party of Korea (WPK), who was also in charge of ties with South Korea, dies in a car crash. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-35196624)
1. [Cover Image](https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/78004000/jpg/_78004963_024189147-1.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Kim Jong-un, the supreme leader of North Korea, announces that the country is now in possession of a hydrogen bomb, according to North Korean state media. Experts from South Korea however are skeptical about this claim. ](/news/2015/12/10/kim-jong-un-the-supreme-leader-of-north-korea-announces-that-the-country-is-now-in-possession-of-a-hydrogen-bomb-according-to-north-korea.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, Korean Central News Agency, North Korea, South Korea_
2. [North Korea's state media reports Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un, in comments released today, states the country has miniaturized nuclear warheads to be mounted on ballistic missiles, and has ordered improvements in the power and precision of its arsenal. ](/news/2016/03/9/north-korea-s-state-media-reports-supreme-leader-kim-jong-un-in-comments-released-today-states-the-country-has-miniaturized-nuclear-warhea.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, Korean Central News Agency, North Korea_
3. [North Korea's supreme leader Kim Jong-un says his country will soon conduct a nuclear warhead test and test launch ballistic missiles capable of carrying nuclear warheads, according to North Korea's state media. ](/news/2016/03/14/north-korea-s-supreme-leader-kim-jong-un-says-his-country-will-soon-conduct-a-nuclear-warhead-test-and-test-launch-ballistic-missiles-capabl.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, Korean Central News Agency, North Korea_
4. [South Korea's National Intelligence Service warns that North Korea is currently planning a "terrorist attack" on South Korea, saying Kim Jong-un himself gave the order to North Korea's State Security Department to make preparations for attacks. The NIS warning covered a large number of possible targets, including "subways, shopping malls, exhibition centers, power plants" as well as possible cyber attacks. ](/news/2016/02/18/south-korea-s-national-intelligence-service-warns-that-north-korea-is-currently-planning-a-terrorist-attack-on-south-korea-saying-kim-jon.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, South Korea_
5. [Supreme Leader of North Korea Kim Jong-un orders the Korean People's Army to be on a war footing following the exchange of artillery fire with South Korea yesterday. ](/news/2015/08/21/supreme-leader-of-north-korea-kim-jong-un-orders-the-korean-people-s-army-to-be-on-a-war-footing-following-the-exchange-of-artillery-fire-wi.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, South Korea_
6. [Kim Jong-un, the leader of North Korea, fails to show at an event marking the 69th anniversary of the founding of the Workers' Party of Korea, increasing speculation about his prolonged absence from public view. ](/news/2014/10/10/kim-jong-un-the-leader-of-north-korea-fails-to-show-at-an-event-marking-the-69th-anniversary-of-the-founding-of-the-workers-party-of-kore.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, Workers' Party of Korea_
7. [North Korea calls off talks with South Korea, according to officials from the South, amid a disagreement over the pairing of Ryoo Kihl-jae (South) and Kim Yang Gon (North). ](/news/2013/06/11/north-korea-calls-off-talks-with-south-korea-according-to-officials-from-the-south-amid-a-disagreement-over-the-pairing-of-ryoo-kihl-jae.md) _Context: Kim Yang-gon, North Korea, South Korea_
8. [2013 Korean crisis: The annual session of North Korea's Parliament, the Supreme People's Assembly, takes place in Pyongyang, following repeated threats of violence by the leader Kim Jong-Un against South Korea and the United States. Choi Bu-Il is appointed Minister of Internal Security. ](/news/2013/04/1/2013-korean-crisis-the-annual-session-of-north-korea-s-parliament-the-supreme-people-s-assembly-takes-place-in-pyongyang-following-repea.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, South Korea_
9. [North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un orders preparations for strategic rocket strikes on the US mainland at an overnight meeting with top army commanders, in response to the use of nuclear-capable B-2 Stealth Bombers in joint US-South Korea military drills. China appeals for calm on all sides. ](/news/2013/03/29/north-korean-leader-kim-jong-un-orders-preparations-for-strategic-rocket-strikes-on-the-us-mainland-at-an-overnight-meeting-with-top-army-co.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, South Korea_
10. [North Korea's state agency KCNA announces the country will launch a satellite sometime between December 10 and December 22. The launch will take place around the time of South Korea's presidential election on December 19 and close to the first anniversary of the death of former leader Kim Jong-il. South Korean officials, as well as the US, believe that the isolated state is testing long-range missile technology with the aim of developing an intercontinental ballistic missile. ](/news/2012/12/1/north-korea-s-state-agency-kcna-announces-the-country-will-launch-a-satellite-sometime-between-december-10-and-december-22-the-launch-will.md) _Context: Korean Central News Agency, North Korea, South Korea_
