### [2015-12-29](/news/2015/12/29/index.md)

# United States presidential election, 2016: Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016: Former Governor of New York, George Pataki, ends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President of the United States. 

The former New York governor had complained the race had turned into a &quot;reality gong show.”


### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/onpolitics/2015/12/29/pataki-drops-out-presidential-race/78038530/)

### Related:

1. [United States presidential election, 2016: Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016: South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham ends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President. During his campaign he has failed to poll above single digits nationally or in the early voting states. ](/news/2015/12/21/united-states-presidential-election-2016-republican-party-presidential-candidates-2016-south-carolina-senator-lindsey-graham-ends-his-ca.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, President, Republican, Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016_
2. [Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016: Former Governor of New York, George Pataki, announces that he is seeking the Republican Party nomination for the 2016 presidential election. ](/news/2015/05/28/republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-former-governor-of-new-york-george-pataki-announces-that-he-is-seeking-the-republican-party.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, George Pataki, New York Governor, Republican_
3. [United States presidential election, 2016: Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016: Ben Carson suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination. The expected announcement was made during a speech at the 2016 Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC). ](/news/2016/03/4/united-states-presidential-election-2016-republican-party-presidential-candidates-2016-ben-carson-suspends-his-campaign-for-the-republic.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican, Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016: Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016: Candidate Donald Trump says he will no longer honor his pledge to support the eventual Republican Party pick for president because, "I have been treated very unfairly." ](/news/2016/03/29/united-states-presidential-election-2016-republican-party-presidential-candidates-2016-candidate-donald-trump-says-he-will-no-longer-hon.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican, Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016: Kentucky Senator Rand Paul suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/02/3/united-states-presidential-election-2016-kentucky-senator-rand-paul-suspends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination-for-presiden.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, President, Republican_
6. [United States presidential election, 2016: New Jersey Governor Chris Christie suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/02/10/united-states-presidential-election-2016-new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-suspends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination-for.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, President, Republican_
7. [United States presidential election, 2016: Former Governor of Alaska, vice presidential candidate (2008), and Tea Party activist Sarah Palin endorses Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/01/19/united-states-presidential-election-2016-former-governor-of-alaska-vice-presidential-candidate-2008-and-tea-party-activist-sarah-palin.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, President, Republican_
8. [Presidency of Donald Trump: United States President Donald Trump announces that he intends to seek an investigation into possible voter fraud from last year's election. ](/news/2017/01/25/presidency-of-donald-trump-united-states-president-donald-trump-announces-that-he-intends-to-seek-an-investigation-into-possible-voter-frau.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, President_
9. [United States presidential election, 2016: Amidst a concerted effort to persuade electors to choose another candidate, Donald Trump earns the required Electoral College votes to be selected as the next President of the United States. ](/news/2016/12/19/united-states-presidential-election-2016-amidst-a-concerted-effort-to-persuade-electors-to-choose-another-candidate-donald-trump-earns-th.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, President_
10. [United States presidential election, 2016: Republican campaign manager Kellyanne Conway dismisses allegations of Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election, calling the claims "laughable and ridiculous". ](/news/2016/12/11/united-states-presidential-election-2016-republican-campaign-manager-kellyanne-conway-dismisses-allegations-of-russian-interference-in-the.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican_
