### [2005-10-14](/news/2005/10/14/index.md)

#  2005 Kashmir earthquake: SOS Children's Villages have been appointed temporary custodian of unaccompanied children. SOS will run the family tracing database and look after children in their emergency centre in Islamabad and in other six villages in Kashmir. 




### Source:

1. [SOS](http://www.sos-childrensvillages.org/news-and-media/news/pages/south-asia-earthquake-children-urgently-need-aid-and-rehabilitation.aspx)

### Related:

1. [ 2005 Kashmir earthquake: SOS Children report gastroenteritis, pneumonia and bronchitis rife in emergency camps as landslides block route to Muzaffarabad. The organization now has a total of 106 children with missing parents in its care. ](/news/2006/01/6/2005-kashmir-earthquake-sos-children-report-gastroenteritis-pneumonia-and-bronchitis-rife-in-emergency-camps-as-landslides-block-route-to.md) _Context: 2005 Kashmir earthquake, SOS Children_
2. [ 2005 Kashmir earthquake: Pakistan renews SOS Children's Villages role as custodian of all orphans and unaccompanied children following the earthquake. ](/news/2005/12/5/2005-kashmir-earthquake-pakistan-renews-sos-children-s-villages-role-as-custodian-of-all-orphans-and-unaccompanied-children-following-the.md) _Context: 2005 Kashmir earthquake, SOS Children_
3. [ 2005 Kashmir earthquake. SOS Children's Villages field workers report a rapid deterioration in weather conditions and increase in weather-related death. 64 more children believed orphaned have been taken into emergency care this week. ](/news/2005/12/21/2005-kashmir-earthquake-sos-children-s-villages-field-workers-report-a-rapid-deterioration-in-weather-conditions-and-increase-in-weather-r.md) _Context: 2005 Kashmir earthquake, SOS Children_
4. [ 2005 Kashmir earthquake: SOS Children have reported that despite the destruction of much of their Children-s Village in Muzaffarabad all of the children in their care are believed safe. [http://www.sos-childrensvillages.org/News-and-Media/News/Pages/Children-in-need-of-shelter-and-protection-South-Asia-Earthquake.aspx]](/news/2005/10/10/2005-kashmir-earthquake-sos-children-have-reported-that-despite-the-destruction-of-much-of-their-children-s-village-in-muzaffarabad-all.md) _Context: 2005 Kashmir earthquake, SOS Children_
5. [2016 India-Pakistan military confrontation. Kashmir conflict. Pakistani Chief of Air Staff Sohail Aman warns India not to escalate tensions in the disputed territory of Kashmir under the threat of a full-scale war. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson urges both sides to restrain themselves while on a diplomatic mission to Islamabad. ](/news/2016/11/24/2016-india-pakistan-military-confrontation-kashmir-conflict-pakistani-chief-of-air-staff-sohail-aman-warns-india-not-to-escalate-tension.md) _Context: Islamabad_
6. [Corruption in Pakistan. Over 1,500 supporters of opposition party Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf are arrested ahead of a planned protest in the capital Islamabad against Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif. ](/news/2016/10/31/corruption-in-pakistan-over-1-500-supporters-of-opposition-party-pakistan-tehreek-e-insaf-are-arrested-ahead-of-a-planned-protest-in-the-ca.md) _Context: Islamabad_
7. [Taliban insurgency. The Afghan Taliban releases a statement rejecting peace talks with the government of Afghanistan until foreign forces stop attacking their positions and withdraw from the country. Direct peace talks between the government and the Taliban were expected to take place in Islamabad, Pakistan next week. ](/news/2016/03/5/taliban-insurgency-the-afghan-taliban-releases-a-statement-rejecting-peace-talks-with-the-government-of-afghanistan-until-foreign-forces-st.md) _Context: Islamabad_
8. [The government of Pakistan warns that it will push to clear the Islamist protests occurring in Islamabad. Protests have broken out in the capital and other cities ever since Mumtaz Qadri was executed last February for his role in killing Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer in 2011 because he opposed Pakistan's blasphemy laws. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-government-of-pakistan-warns-that-it-will-push-to-clear-the-islamist-protests-occurring-in-islamabad-protests-have-broken-out-in-the-ca.md) _Context: Islamabad_
9. [Taliban insurgency. Sartaj Aziz, a top foreign affairs adviser for Pakistan, publicly admits for the first time that the Afghan Taliban's leadership is living in the country and that Islamabad has "considerable influence" over them. ](/news/2016/03/3/taliban-insurgency-sartaj-aziz-a-top-foreign-affairs-adviser-for-pakistan-publicly-admits-for-the-first-time-that-the-afghan-taliban-s-le.md) _Context: Islamabad_
10. [Thousands of protestors rally in front of the Parliament of Pakistan in Islamabad in support of Mumtaz Qadri, the killer of reformist Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer in 2011 who was subsequently executed last February. The Pakistan Army was called in to control the situation. ](/news/2016/03/28/thousands-of-protestors-rally-in-front-of-the-parliament-of-pakistan-in-islamabad-in-support-of-mumtaz-qadri-the-killer-of-reformist-punjab.md) _Context: Islamabad_
