### [2005-10-14](/news/2005/10/14/index.md)

#  Former President of Ecuador, Lucio Gutirrez Borba, deposed by the Ecuadorian military on April 20, 1995, after days of civil disturbances in Quito, returns voluntarily to Ecuador and is immediately locked in a maximum security prison cell in Quito, on charges of attempting to subvert national security, after having repeatedly stated to the international media that he continues to be the legitimate President of the Republic of Ecuador. [http://www.eluniverso.com/2005/10/15/8/d08ee26deac048b0b3aca150fbe4439b.html?EUID= (El Universo, Guayaquil)] (article in Spanish).




### Related:

1. [Ecuador declares a state of emergency over increased activity at the Cotopaxi volcano near the capital of Quito. Its last major eruption was in 1877. ](/news/2015/08/16/ecuador-declares-a-state-of-emergency-over-increased-activity-at-the-cotopaxi-volcano-near-the-capital-of-quito-its-last-major-eruption-was.md) _Context: Ecuador, Quito_
2. [42 killed, 11 injured in bus crash 55 miles south of Quito, Ecuador.](/news/2010/08/30/42-killed-11-injured-in-bus-crash-55-miles-south-of-quito-ecuador.md) _Context: Ecuador, Quito_
3. [At least 38 people, including the driver, are killed in Ecuador when a bus falls down a cliff outside the capital Quito, reportedly after the driver fell asleep. ](/news/2010/08/29/at-least-38-people-including-the-driver-are-killed-in-ecuador-when-a-bus-falls-down-a-cliff-outside-the-capital-quito-reportedly-after-th.md) _Context: Ecuador, Quito_
4. [A deep magnitude 7.1 earthquake hits Ecuador, southeast of Quito, with no deaths or serious damage reported. ](/news/2010/08/12/a-deep-magnitude-7-1-earthquake-hits-ecuador-southeast-of-quito-with-no-deaths-or-serious-damage-reported.md) _Context: Ecuador, Quito_
5. [ Ecuador rations its electricity, leading to some blackouts in areas, including the capital Quito. ](/news/2009/11/7/ecuador-rations-its-electricity-leading-to-some-blackouts-in-areas-including-the-capital-quito.md) _Context: Ecuador, Quito_
6. [ Ecuadorian election: People in Ecuador go to the polls to choose a new president between Rafael Correa and Alvaro Noboa. Exit polls and unofficial polls indicate a victory for Correa. ](/news/2006/11/26/ecuadorian-election-people-in-ecuador-go-to-the-polls-to-choose-a-new-president-between-rafael-correa-and-alvaro-noboa-exit-polls-and-un.md) _Context: Ecuador, President_
7. [ At least 47 people, including a number of children, are killed in a bus crash near Quito, capital of Ecuador. ](/news/2006/09/24/at-least-47-people-including-a-number-of-children-are-killed-in-a-bus-crash-near-quito-capital-of-ecuador.md) _Context: Ecuador, Quito_
8. [ In Quito, Ecuador, riot police clash with demonstrators and strikers that protest against the government of president Lucio Gutierrez. Congress replaced the entire supreme court last December and has not come to an agreement with the political opposition. ](/news/2005/04/14/in-quito-ecuador-riot-police-clash-with-demonstrators-and-strikers-that-protest-against-the-government-of-president-lucio-gutia-c-rrez-con.md) _Context: Ecuador, Quito_
9. [Presidency of Donald Trump: Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/presidency-of-donald-trump-numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-regist.md) _Context: President_
10. [Ecuadorian general election, 2017: Voters in Ecuador return to the polls for the second round of a presidential election, which Lenin Moreno of the socialist PAIS Alliance is predicted to narrowly win over the center-right Creating Opportunities's Guillermo Lasso. With 94.18% of the votes counted, Moreno leads with 51.07%. According to the national election commission, it was a transparent and successful election. ](/news/2017/04/2/ecuadorian-general-election-2017-voters-in-ecuador-return-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-a-presidential-election-which-lenan-moren.md) _Context: Ecuador_
