### [2013-09-13](/news/2013/09/13/index.md)

# At least four people are dead, 80 unaccounted for and thousands have been evacuated following heavy floods in Boulder County in the US state of Colorado. 




### Source:

1. [9 News](http://www.9news.com/rss/article/355149/339/4-killed-80-unaccounted-for-in-Colorado-floods)
2. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/weather/2013/09/13/3-dead-in-colorado-floods/)
2. [Cover Image](http://a57.foxnews.com/global.fncstatic.com/static/managed/img/fn2/video/0/0/091313_ANR_Colorado_640.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Some 3,500 people are evacuated in Boulder County, Colorado due to wildfires concerns. ](/news/2010/09/7/some-3-500-people-are-evacuated-in-boulder-county-colorado-due-to-wildfires-concerns.md) _Context: Boulder County, Colorado_
2. [Five people are killed in the American state of Colorado after an Amtrak train collides with a minivan carrying six people near the town of Trinidad, Colorado. ](/news/2016/06/26/five-people-are-killed-in-the-american-state-of-colorado-after-an-amtrak-train-collides-with-a-minivan-carrying-six-people-near-the-town-of.md) _Context: Colorado_
3. [The Colorado Republican Party continues choosing its delegates to the 2016 Republican National Convention in Cleveland. Ted Cruz has swept all of the delegates available so far. The process which began last Saturday (April 2, 2016) will conclude tomorrow. ](/news/2016/04/8/the-colorado-republican-party-continues-choosing-its-delegates-to-the-2016-republican-national-convention-in-cleveland-ted-cruz-has-swept-a.md) _Context: Colorado_
4. [The states of Oklahoma and Nebraska, having recently suffered a loss in their frontal attack on Colorado's state-legal cannabis policy, launch another litigation strategy to the same end. ](/news/2016/04/29/the-states-of-oklahoma-and-nebraska-having-recently-suffered-a-loss-in-their-frontal-attack-on-colorado-s-state-legal-cannabis-policy-laun.md) _Context: Colorado_
5. [A powerful blizzard sweeping Denver, Colorado, forces authorities to close Denver International Airport, Interstate 70, Interstate 25 and leaves more than 100,000 people without power. The Colorado Army National Guard has been deployed to help rescue those stranded by the storm. ](/news/2016/03/23/a-powerful-blizzard-sweeping-denver-colorado-forces-authorities-to-close-denver-international-airport-interstate-70-interstate-25-and-le.md) _Context: Colorado_
6. [Voters in the U.S. states of Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, and the overseas territory of American Samoa go to the polls to vote on Super Tuesday. ](/news/2016/03/1/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-alabama-alaska-arkansas-colorado-georgia-massachusetts-minnesota-oklahoma-tennessee-texas-vermont-vi.md) _Context: Colorado_
7. [A snow storm in the United States is affecting multiple regions in Colorado, California and elsewhere, with more than 70,000 people in southern California losing power. ](/news/2016/02/1/a-snow-storm-in-the-united-states-is-affecting-multiple-regions-in-colorado-california-and-elsewhere-with-more-than-70-000-people-in-south.md) _Context: Colorado_
8. [Governor of Washington Jay Inslee declares a state of emergency after severe flooding and high winds across the western part of the state close several major highways, damage homes and property, and impact electricity service. ](/news/2015/12/9/governor-of-washington-jay-inslee-declares-a-state-of-emergency-after-severe-flooding-and-high-winds-across-the-western-part-of-the-state-cl.md) _Context: Floods in the United States: 2001-present_
9. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: Colorado_
10. [In the United States, the National Weather Service issues a blizzard warning for northeastern Colorado and western Kansas with an expected snowfall by midday of 12 inches in Denver, Colorado. Denver International Airport cancels 143 arriving and departing flighits. Several tornadoes occur overnight in northern Texas, western Kansas, and southern Nebraska. ](/news/2015/11/17/in-the-united-states-the-national-weather-service-issues-a-blizzard-warning-for-northeastern-colorado-and-western-kansas-with-an-expected-s.md) _Context: Colorado_
