### [2013-09-13](/news/2013/09/13/index.md)

# Bill Shorten and Anthony Albanese will contest a month-long ballot process to determine who will be the Leader of the Australian Labor Party and Leader of the Opposition. 

The gang&#039;s all here. Labor, Liberal, National - everyone is trying to remember their new titles and work out where their new offices will be. Andrew Meares, Alex Ellinghausen and I are here to take you through the day&#039;s events.


### Source:

1. [Canberra Times](http://www.canberratimes.com.au/federal-politics/the-pulse-live/federal-politics-live-september-13-2013-20130913-2todn.html)

### Related:

1. [Bill Shorten is elected as the head of the federal Australian Labor Party, defeating Anthony Albanese in a leadership ballot. ](/news/2013/10/13/bill-shorten-is-elected-as-the-head-of-the-federal-australian-labor-party-defeating-anthony-albanese-in-a-leadership-ballot.md) _Context: Anthony Albanese, Bill Shorten, Labor Party_
2. [Australian federal election, 2016: Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull's Liberal/National coalition, behind Bill Shorten's Labor Party in the first 48 hours following Saturday's election, is now ahead of Labor in the Lower House, 74-71 seats; 76 seats are needed to form a government. Minor parties and independents have won five seats; mail-in and absentee votes are still being counted. Turnbull is on the road today seeking support from a small handful of independent and small party lawmakers. ](/news/2016/07/7/australian-federal-election-2016-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-s-liberal-national-coalition-behind-bill-shorten-s-labor-part.md) _Context: Bill Shorten, Labor Party_
3. [Legal advice clears Governor-General of Australia Mrs. Quentin Bryce to make a decision on who will be the next Prime Minister of Australia despite family ties to Australian Labor Party powerbroker Bill Shorten. ](/news/2010/08/27/legal-advice-clears-governor-general-of-australia-mrs-quentin-bryce-to-make-a-decision-on-who-will-be-the-next-prime-minister-of-australia.md) _Context: Bill Shorten, Labor Party_
4. [Western Australian state election, 2017: After eight years in power, the Liberal Party is defeated by the Labor Party in a landslide election. Mark McGowan is set to become the Australian state's new Premier. ](/news/2017/03/11/western-australian-state-election-2017-after-eight-years-in-power-the-liberal-party-is-defeated-by-the-labor-party-in-a-landslide-electio.md) _Context: Labor Party_
5. [ Northern Territory general election, 2016: The opposition Australian Labor Party defeats the governing Country Liberal Party in a landslide, reducing the CLP to just two seats. ](/news/2016/08/27/northern-territory-general-election-2016-the-opposition-australian-labor-party-defeats-the-governing-country-liberal-party-in-a-landslide.md) _Context: Labor Party_
6. [Australian federal election, 2016: The election deadlock continues as neither Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull nor opposition leader Bill Shorten has the minimum number of Lower House seats (76) needed to form a government. Shorten leads Turnbull, 71-67, with only six seats undecided. ](/news/2016/07/4/australian-federal-election-2016-the-election-deadlock-continues-as-neither-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-nor-opposition-lead.md) _Context: Bill Shorten_
7. [Australian federal election, 2016: Australians vote to elect a government for the next three years. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, leader of the conservative Liberal Party-led Coalition, dissolved both houses of Parliament in May in a bid for a Senate more friendly to his agenda. The final result showed the Coalition with a bare 1 seat majority in the House with 76 seats and the Australian Labor Party with 69 seats. ](/news/2016/07/2/australian-federal-election-2016-australians-vote-to-elect-a-government-for-the-next-three-years-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-leader.md) _Context: Labor Party_
8. [Australian federal election, 2016: The Leader of the Opposition, Bill Shorten, concedes defeat as continued counting in marginal seats indicates that the governing coalition of the Liberal Party and National Party will either win a narrow majority or be able to govern with the support of independents. Malcolm Turnbull will continue as Prime Minister of Australia and has claimed victory. ](/news/2016/07/10/australian-federal-election-2016-the-leader-of-the-opposition-bill-shorten-concedes-defeat-as-continued-counting-in-marginal-seats-indic.md) _Context: Bill Shorten_
9. [The Queensland Labor Party led by Annastacia Palaszczuk will be in a position to form a minority government after the polls are declared in the Queensland state election. ](/news/2015/02/13/the-queensland-labor-party-led-by-annastacia-palaszczuk-will-be-in-a-position-to-form-a-minority-government-after-the-polls-are-declared-in.md) _Context: Labor Party_
10. [Queensland state election, 2015: The Liberal National Party of Queensland loses its parliamentary majority, with outgoing Premier Campbell Newman losing his own seat of Ashgrove. It is unclear whether the Australian Labor Party, led by Annastacia Palaszczuk, has won an outright majority or if the result is a hung parliament.](/news/2015/01/31/queensland-state-election-2015-the-liberal-national-party-of-queensland-loses-its-parliamentary-majority-with-outgoing-premier-campbell-n.md) _Context: Labor Party_
