### [2015-01-6](/news/2015/01/6/index.md)

# A proposal to change the demolition of Candlestick Park in San Francisco, California from a gradual process to implosion has been met with opposition from the city's residents, citing health risks from the dispersal of concrete dust. 

The Lennar Corporation asking for an implosion permit for Candlestick Park, but many Bayview residents are opposed to that takedown method so close to their homes.


### Source:

1. [Boston Herald](http://www.bostonherald.com/sports/red_sox_mlb/clubhouse_insider/2015/01/pedro_martinez_elected_to_hall_of_fame)
2. [KGO](http://abc7news.com/news/bayview-residents-oppose-candlestick-implosion/463324/)

### Related:

1. [ Barry Bonds of the San Francisco Giants hits his 756th career home run, passing Hank Aaron as the all-time leader in Major League Baseball. Bonds hits the shot against Washington Nationals pitcher Mike Bacsik in the fifth inning of their game at AT&T Park in San Francisco, California. ](/news/2007/08/7/barry-bonds-of-the-san-francisco-giants-hits-his-756th-career-home-run-passing-hank-aaron-as-the-all-time-leader-in-major-league-baseball.md) _Context: Major League Baseball, San Francisco, California_
2. [ In American Major League Baseball, the Chicago Cubs defeat the Cleveland Indians 8-7 in 10 innings, winning the Series 4-3 and claiming their first MLB title since 1908. The Cubs' Ben Zobrist is named series MVP. Cubs win game 7 and the title in the early hours of November 3rd, 2016. ](/news/2016/11/2/in-american-major-league-baseball-the-chicago-cubs-defeat-the-cleveland-indians-8a7-in-10-innings-winning-the-series-4a3-and-claiming.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
3. [ In baseball, the Miami Marlins' Ichiro Suzuki becomes the 30th Major League Baseball player with 3,000 career hits, reaching the milestone with a seventh-inning triple against the Colorado Rockies. ](/news/2016/08/7/in-baseball-the-miami-marlins-ichiro-suzuki-becomes-the-30th-major-league-baseball-player-with-3-000-career-hits-reaching-the-milestone.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
4. [In baseball, Ichiro Suzuki reaches a combined total of career hits of 4,257 spanning Major League Baseball and Nippon Professional Baseball. It passes Pete Rose's career total encompassing Major League Baseball only of 4,256 but the MLB is considered to be a higher quality competition. ](/news/2016/06/15/in-baseball-ichiro-suzuki-reaches-a-combined-total-of-career-hits-of-4-257-spanning-major-league-baseball-and-nippon-professional-baseball.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
5. [Major League Baseball Commissioner Rob Manfred says the decision whether the Miami Marlins and Pittsburgh Pirates two-game series scheduled for later this month will be moved from Puerto Rico  because of concerns about the Zika virus, will be announced Monday "at the latest." ](/news/2016/05/5/major-league-baseball-commissioner-rob-manfred-says-the-decision-whether-the-miami-marlins-and-pittsburgh-pirates-two-game-series-scheduled.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
6. [MLB announces the Tampa Bay Rays professional baseball team will play an exhibition game with the Cuban National Team on March 22, 2016, in Havana. United States President Barack Obama, who is scheduled to visit the island nation then, is expected to attend. ](/news/2016/03/1/mlb-announces-the-tampa-bay-rays-professional-baseball-team-will-play-an-exhibition-game-with-the-cuban-national-team-on-march-22-2016-in.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
7. [ In Major League Baseball, Ken Griffey Jr. and Mike Piazza are elected to the Hall of Fame by the Baseball Writers' Association of America. Griffey was named on all but three of the 440 ballots received, surpassing Tom Seaver for the highest voting percentage in Hall history. Griffey and Piazza will be formally inducted on July 24. ](/news/2016/01/6/in-major-league-baseball-ken-griffey-jr-and-mike-piazza-are-elected-to-the-hall-of-fame-by-the-baseball-writers-association-of-america.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
8. [In Major League Baseball, the Kansas City Royals defeat the New York Mets in the 2015 World Series 4 games to 1. ](/news/2015/11/1/in-major-league-baseball-the-kansas-city-royals-defeat-the-new-york-mets-in-the-2015-world-series-4-games-to-1.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
9. [In Major League Baseball, the New York Mets defeat the Chicago Cubs 8-3, completing a four-game sweep of the 2015 National League Championship Series, and advance to the 2015 World Series. ](/news/2015/10/21/in-major-league-baseball-the-new-york-mets-defeat-the-chicago-cubs-8a3-completing-a-four-game-sweep-of-the-2015-national-league-champion.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
10. [David Ortiz of the Boston Red Sox hits two home runs in the Sox' 10-4 win over the Tampa Bay Rays at Tropicana Field in St. Petersburg, Florida, making him the 27th player in MLB history with 500 career homers. ](/news/2015/09/12/david-ortiz-of-the-boston-red-sox-hits-two-home-runs-in-the-sox-10a4-win-over-the-tampa-bay-rays-at-tropicana-field-in-st-petersburg-fl.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
