### [2015-01-6](/news/2015/01/6/index.md)

# A U.S. District Judge sentences former Virginia Governor Bob McDonnell to two years in prison for corruption. 

Former Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell was sentenced Tuesday to two years in federal prison for taking bribes to promote a dietary supplement.


### Source:

1. [AP via FOX News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2015/01/06/ex-virginia-gov-bob-mcdonnell-makes-bid-to-avoid-prison/)

### Related:

1. [Virginia Governor Bob McDonnell decides not to halt the execution of female murderer Teresa Lewis, who will be executed on September 23,2010.](/news/2010/09/17/virginia-governor-bob-mcdonnell-decides-not-to-halt-the-execution-of-female-murderer-teresa-lewis-who-will-be-executed-on-september-23-2010.md) _Context: Bob McDonnell, Governor of Virginia_
2. [Democratic Governor of Virginia Terry McAuliffe is being investigated by federal prosecutors over campaign contributions, including a foreign contribution from a Chinese businessman, and what they consider to be "suspicious personal finances", as part of a public integrity probe that has lasted for more than a year, according to officials. The United States Department of Justice would not confirm or deny the investigation. ](/news/2016/05/23/democratic-governor-of-virginia-terry-mcauliffe-is-being-investigated-by-federal-prosecutors-over-campaign-contributions-including-a-foreig.md) _Context: Governor of Virginia_
3. [Felony disenfranchisement. In the United States, Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe signs an executive order restoring the rights of an estimated 200,000 convicted felons to vote and run for office. ](/news/2016/04/22/felony-disenfranchisement-in-the-united-states-virginia-governor-terry-mcauliffe-signs-an-executive-order-restoring-the-rights-of-an-estim.md) _Context: Governor of Virginia_
4. [Former Virginia governor Bob McDonnell and his wife are indicted on federal corruption charges for allegedly receiving various financial benefits from a businessman seeking favors from the state government. ](/news/2014/01/21/former-virginia-governor-bob-mcdonnell-and-his-wife-are-indicted-on-federal-corruption-charges-for-allegedly-receiving-various-financial-ben.md) _Context: Bob McDonnell_
5. [Voters in the US states of New Jersey and Virginia go to the polls in their gubernatorial elections, while voters in cities across the country also vote to choose their next mayor. [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57610800/voters-head-to-the-polls-to-elect-governors-in-va-n.j/ (CBS News)] [http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2487773/New-York-City-mayors-race-set-landslide-De-Blasio-leading-40-points.html ("Daily Mail")] [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57610977/no-surprise-chris-christie-re-elected-as-new-jersey-governor/ (CBS News)] [http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/11/06/us-usa-politics-virginia-idUSBRE9A501O20131106 (Reuters)] [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57610976/bill-de-blasio-wins-new-york-city-mayoral-race/ (CBS News)]. Chris Christie is re-elected Governor of New Jersey.. Terry McAuliffe is narrowly elected Governor of Virginia.. Bill de Blasio is elected Mayor of New York City.](/news/2013/11/5/voters-in-the-us-states-of-new-jersey-and-virginia-go-to-the-polls-in-their-gubernatorial-elections-while-voters-in-cities-across-the-count.md) _Context: Governor of Virginia_
6. [ United States President-elect Barack Obama nominates Virginia Governor Tim Kaine to be the Democratic National Committee's next chairperson. ](/news/2009/01/4/united-states-president-elect-barack-obama-nominates-virginia-governor-tim-kaine-to-be-the-democratic-national-committee-s-next-chairperson.md) _Context: Governor of Virginia_
7. [ The Governor of Virginia Timothy Kaine tightens gun laws after the Virginia Tech massacre. ](/news/2007/04/30/the-governor-of-virginia-timothy-kaine-tightens-gun-laws-after-the-virginia-tech-massacre.md) _Context: Governor of Virginia_
8. [ Virginia Tech massacre:. Tim Kaine, the Governor of Virginia announces an inquiry into the massacre. ](/news/2007/04/19/virginia-tech-massacre-tim-kaine-the-governor-of-virginia-announces-an-inquiry-into-the-massacre.md) _Context: Governor of Virginia_
9. [ 2005 United States elections. In the off-year elections, Democrats Tim Kaine and Jon Corzine are elected governor of Virginia and New Jersey, respectively. ](/news/2005/11/8/2005-united-states-elections-in-the-off-year-elections-democrats-tim-kaine-and-jon-corzine-are-elected-governor-of-virginia-and-new-jerse.md) _Context: Governor of Virginia_
10. [ Virginia Governor Mark R. Warner grants clemency in the case of convicted murderer Robin Lovitt. It was about 24 hours before Lovitt was scheduled to be executed. Evidence against Lovitt had been illegally destroyed after his trial by a court clerk, preventing DNA testing that may have cleared him of the crime. Lovitt's execution was to be the 1,000th execution in the United States since the Supreme Court reinstated the death penalty in 1976. ](/news/2005/11/29/virginia-governor-mark-r-warner-grants-clemency-in-the-case-of-convicted-murderer-robin-lovitt-it-was-about-24-hours-before-lovitt-was-sc.md) _Context: Governor of Virginia_
