### [2015-01-6](/news/2015/01/6/index.md)

# Cuba starts releasing political prisoners as part of an historic agreement with the United States announced last month. 

State Department says ‘We would like to see this completed in the near future’ as names of those freed not disclosed for fear of jeopardising release of others


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/jan/06/cuba-releases-political-prisoners)
1. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/static/sys-images/Guardian/Pix/pictures/2015/1/6/1420587822588/89d83aff-38d8-4382-a063-a4f814c10cad-2060x1236.jpeg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=e496c2529007b2aedcc81a1a3b5cd2e6)

### Related:

1. [The first commercial flight from the United States to Cuba since 1961 takes place as "JetBlue Flight 387" lands in Santa Clara, Villa Clara province, after a 51-minute flight from Fort Lauderdale, Florida. "JetBlue Flight 387" had 150 passengers, including United States Secretary of Transportation Anthony Foxx. ](/news/2016/08/31/the-first-commercial-flight-from-the-united-states-to-cuba-since-1961-takes-place-as-jetblue-flight-387-lands-in-santa-clara-villa-clara.md) _Context: Cuba, Cuba-United States relations, United States_
2. [The United States and Cuba sign an agreement restoring commercial air traffic between the two countries for the first time in 50 years. The U.S. Department of Transportation immediately opened bidding for as many as 110 U.S.-Cuba flights per day to Havana and nine other destinations. Travel from the U.S. is permitted in 12 authorized categories, which does not include tourism. ](/news/2016/02/16/the-united-states-and-cuba-sign-an-agreement-restoring-commercial-air-traffic-between-the-two-countries-for-the-first-time-in-50-years-the.md) _Context: Cuba, Cuba-United States relations, United States_
3. [The United States and Cuba reach an understanding on restoring regularly scheduled commercial flights. Currently, the only option available is charter flights. ](/news/2015/12/16/the-united-states-and-cuba-reach-an-understanding-on-restoring-regularly-scheduled-commercial-flights-currently-the-only-option-available.md) _Context: Cuba, Cuba-United States relations, United States_
4. [U.S. and Cuban officials sign an environmental accord in Havana, the first such agreement since the countries renewed diplomatic relations this summer. ](/news/2015/11/18/u-s-and-cuban-officials-sign-an-environmental-accord-in-havana-the-first-such-agreement-since-the-countries-renewed-diplomatic-relations-t.md) _Context: Cuba, Cuba-United States relations, United States_
5. [The United States departments of Commerce and Treasury announce removal of a series of restrictions on Americans traveling to and doing business with Cuba effective September 21, 2015. The U.S. economic embargo, itself, remains in place until Congress acts. ](/news/2015/09/18/the-united-states-departments-of-commerce-and-treasury-announce-removal-of-a-series-of-restrictions-on-americans-traveling-to-and-doing-busi.md) _Context: Cuba, Cuba-United States relations, United States_
6. [The United States and Cuba resume full diplomatic relations after five decades. ](/news/2015/07/20/the-united-states-and-cuba-resume-full-diplomatic-relations-after-five-decades.md) _Context: Cuba, Cuba-United States relations, United States_
7. [The United States and Cuba re-establish diplomatic relations after severing them 55 years ago. An American embassy will open in Havana and talks to lift the embargo will begin. ](/news/2014/12/17/the-united-states-and-cuba-re-establish-diplomatic-relations-after-severing-them-55-years-ago-an-american-embassy-will-open-in-havana-and-t.md) _Context: Cuba, Cuba-United States relations, United States_
8. [The United States State Department says at least 16 U.S. government employees and family members based in Cuba showed physical symptoms from the previously reported acoustic attacks. Investigators are exploring whether some form of sonic attack was directed at diplomats' homes. ](/news/2017/08/24/the-united-states-state-department-says-at-least-16-u-s-government-employees-and-family-members-based-in-cuba-showed-physical-symptoms-from.md) _Context: Cuba, Cuba-United States relations_
9. [For the first time in 25 years, the United States abstains in a United Nations vote calling for an end to its Cuban economic embargo. ](/news/2016/10/26/for-the-first-time-in-25-years-the-united-states-abstains-in-a-united-nations-vote-calling-for-an-end-to-its-cuban-economic-embargo.md) _Context: Cuba, United States_
10. [President Barack Obama issues an executive order on Cuba lifting monetary limits on the amount of Cuban products, including cigars and rum, which Americans can bring back for personal use, allowing Cubans and Americans to engage in joint medical research, and allowing Cubans to buy certain U.S. consumer goods online. ](/news/2016/10/14/president-barack-obama-issues-an-executive-order-on-cuba-lifting-monetary-limits-on-the-amount-of-cuban-products-including-cigars-and-rum.md) _Context: Cuba, Cuba-United States relations_
