### [2014-07-11](/news/2014/07/11/index.md)

# 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine. Ukrainian forces in recently reclaimed city of Sloviansk discover documents that show pro-Russian insurgent leader Igor Strelkov handed down at least four death sentences under a Stalin-era law of 1941. 

Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko vowed to &quot;find and destroy&quot; pro-Russian rebels who killed 23 servicemen and wounded nearly 100 in a missile attack on Friday.


### Source:

1. [Kyiv Post](http://www.kyivpost.com/content/ukraine/documents-reveal-shadowy-russian-rebel-commander-signed-off-on-executions-of-three-men-in-sloviansk-355580.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/07/11/us-ukraine-crisis-idUSKBN0FG1A920140711)

### Related:

1. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:. Heavy fighting between the Ukrainian military and pro-Russian militants takes place in and around the rebel-held eastern city of Sloviansk. ](/news/2014/06/3/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-heavy-fighting-between-the-ukrainian-military-and-pro-russian-militants-takes-place-in-and-around-the-r.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Sloviansk_
2. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine and the Siege of Sloviansk. A Ukrainian military helicopter patrolling around the eastern city of Sloviansk is shot down; all of the pilots survived and were later rescued. ](/news/2014/05/5/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-and-the-siege-of-sloviansk-a-ukrainian-military-helicopter-patrolling-around-the-eastern-city-of-slovian.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Sloviansk_
3. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine and the Siege of Sloviansk. The Armed Forces of Ukraine launch a military operation against separatists in the city of Sloviansk with claims of many deaths and two Ukrainian Army helicopters downed. In the port city of Odessa, violent clashes kill at least 42 people, as pro-Ukrainians set the pro-Russian headquarters on fire. ](/news/2014/05/2/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-and-the-siege-of-sloviansk-the-armed-forces-of-ukraine-launch-a-military-operation-against-separatists-i.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Sloviansk_
4. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:. Russian-born American-Israeli journalist Simon Ostrovsky is reportedly abducted in Sloviansk by the militia of the separatist pro-Russian leader Vyacheslav Ponomarev. ](/news/2014/04/22/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-russian-born-american-israeli-journalist-simon-ostrovsky-is-reportedly-abducted-in-sloviansk-by-the-mil.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Sloviansk_
5. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine. According to pro-Russian militants, the bodies of two pro-Russian militants are pulled from the Seversky Donets River in Sloviansk, Ukraine, with both having multiple stab wounds. The claim could not be independently verified. ](/news/2014/04/21/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-according-to-pro-russian-militants-the-bodies-of-two-pro-russian-militants-are-pulled-from-the-seversky.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Sloviansk_
6. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 17; 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine. Dutch-led investigators say Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 was downed over eastern Ukraine in 2014 by a Buk missile that had come from Russia. ](/news/2016/09/28/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-dutch-led-investigators-say-malaysia-airlines-flight-mh17-was-downed-over-e.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine_
7. [Foreign ministers from members of NATO attend a summit in Belgium to discuss the 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine and the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant insurgency. ](/news/2014/12/3/foreign-ministers-from-members-of-nato-attend-a-summit-in-belgium-to-discuss-the-2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-and-the-islamic-state-in.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine_
8. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine. Kazakhstan renews its military cooperation with Ukraine, to which it promises vital supplies of coal, following a visit to Kiev by the Kazakh leader, Nursultan Nazarbayev. ](/news/2014/12/22/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-kazakhstan-renews-its-military-cooperation-with-ukraine-to-which-it-promises-vital-supplies-of-coal-fo.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine_
9. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine. At least three people die in a new round of fighting between the Armed Forces of Ukraine and pro-Russian separatists. ](/news/2014/11/26/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-at-least-three-people-die-in-a-new-round-of-fighting-between-the-armed-forces-of-ukraine-and-pro-russian.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine_
10. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:. Voters in break away "people's republics" (Donetsk People's Republic and Lugansk People's Republic respectively) in Donetsk and Luhansk go to the polls for parliamentary and presidential elections. Rebel leaders Alexander Zakharchenko (Donetsk) and Igor Plotnisky (Luhansk) appear set for victory in early counting in elections which will be recognised in Russia but not elsewhere. International observers noted a very high turnout. ](/news/2014/11/2/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-voters-in-break-away-people-s-republics-donetsk-people-s-republic-and-lugansk-people-s-republic-resp.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine_
