### [2014-07-11](/news/2014/07/11/index.md)

# Four-time NBA MVP LeBron James, who opted out of the final two years of his contract with the Miami Heat, announces that he will return to the Cleveland Cavaliers, where he played for the first seven seasons of his NBA career. 

LeBron James explains to SI&#x27;s Lee Jenkins why he&#x27;s returning to the Cleveland Cavaliers after spending four seasons with the Miami Heat. 


### Source:

1. [Sports Illustrated](http://www.si.com/nba/2014/07/11/lebron-james-cleveland-cavaliers)

### Related:

1. [NBA free agent LeBron James announces in an hour-long TV special that he plans to sign with the Miami Heat for the upcoming season. ](/news/2010/07/8/nba-free-agent-lebron-james-announces-in-an-hour-long-tv-special-that-he-plans-to-sign-with-the-miami-heat-for-the-upcoming-season.md) _Context: LeBron James, Miami Heat, NBA_
2. [ In basketball, Tim Duncan, who played his entire 19-season NBA career with the San Antonio Spurs, where he won five NBA titles and two MVP awards, made 15 All-Star appearances and made the All-NBA first team 10 times, announces his retirement. ](/news/2016/07/11/in-basketball-tim-duncan-who-played-his-entire-19-season-nba-career-with-the-san-antonio-spurs-where-he-won-five-nba-titles-and-two-mvp.md) _Context: MVP, NBA_
3. [In basketball, the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Golden State Warriors in seven games to win the 2016 NBA Championship. Cleveland, winning its first NBA title in the franchise's 45-year history, also became the first NBA team to rally from a 3-1 deficit and win the crown. Tonight's victory also ends the 52-year title drought of Cleveland's major sports teams; in 1964, the Cleveland Browns shut out the Baltimore Colts for the NFL title. Cleveland's LeBron James is unanimously voted the Most Valuable Player of the NBA Finals, his third such award. ](/news/2016/06/19/in-basketball-the-cleveland-cavaliers-beat-the-golden-state-warriors-in-seven-games-to-win-the-2016-nba-championship-cleveland-winning-it.md) _Context: Cleveland Cavaliers, LeBron James_
4. [In basketball, Stephen Curry of the Golden State Warriors is named as Most Valuable Player of the North American National Basketball Association for the 2014-15 NBA season. ](/news/2015/05/4/in-basketball-stephen-curry-of-the-golden-state-warriors-is-named-as-most-valuable-player-of-the-north-american-national-basketball-associa.md) _Context: MVP, NBA_
5. [In North American basketball, the National Basketball Association holds its annual draft in the Barclays Center in Brooklyn with the Cleveland Cavaliers selecting Canadian Andrew Wiggins as the first pick. ](/news/2014/06/26/in-north-american-basketball-the-national-basketball-association-holds-its-annual-draft-in-the-barclays-center-in-brooklyn-with-the-clevela.md) _Context: Cleveland Cavaliers, NBA_
6. [In basketball, David Blatt, who coached Maccabi Tel Aviv to the Euroleague title this past season, has reportedly reached a deal to become the new head coach of the Cleveland Cavaliers. Blatt is the first Euroleague coach to become an NBA head coach. ](/news/2014/06/20/in-basketball-david-blatt-who-coached-maccabi-tel-aviv-to-the-euroleague-title-this-past-season-has-reportedly-reached-a-deal-to-become-t.md) _Context: Cleveland Cavaliers, NBA_
7. [In basketball, the Miami Heat defeat the San Antonio Spurs to win the NBA Finals 4-3, successfully defending their title from last season. Season MVP LeBron James is named Finals MVP for the second straight year. ](/news/2013/06/20/in-basketball-the-miami-heat-defeat-the-san-antonio-spurs-to-win-the-nba-finals-4a3-successfully-defending-their-title-from-last-season.md) _Context: LeBron James, MVP_
8. [In basketball, Miami Heat forward LeBron James becomes the youngest player in NBA history to score 20,000 career points. ](/news/2013/01/16/in-basketball-miami-heat-forward-lebron-james-becomes-the-youngest-player-in-nba-history-to-score-20-000-career-points.md) _Context: LeBron James, Miami Heat_
9. [In NBA basketball, Miami Heat defeat the Boston Celtics to win their 3rd Eastern Conference title and proceed to the 2012 NBA Finals, where they will face Oklahoma City Thunder. ](/news/2012/06/9/in-nba-basketball-miami-heat-defeat-the-boston-celtics-to-win-their-3rd-eastern-conference-title-and-proceed-to-the-2012-nba-finals-where.md) _Context: Miami Heat, NBA_
10. [In American basketball, the Miami Heat wins the 2012 NBA Finals defeating the Oklahoma City Thunder four games to one. LeBron James wins the NBA Finals MVP award. ](/news/2012/06/21/in-american-basketball-the-miami-heat-wins-the-2012-nba-finals-defeating-the-oklahoma-city-thunder-four-games-to-one-lebron-james-wins-the.md) _Context: LeBron James, Miami Heat_
