### [2004-05-29](/news/2004/05/29/index.md)

#  An earthquake measuring 4.4 on the Richter scale occurs in the border area between Haiti and the Dominican Republic. ([http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/3761171.stm BBC])




### Related:

1. [Hurricane Matthew kills at least 26 people on the island of Hispaniola; 22 in Haiti and four more in the Dominican Republic. The U.S. National Hurricane Center predicts the storm, currently a Category 3 with maximum sustained winds of 115 mph (185 km/h), will strengthen as it moves across the Bahamas tonight and tomorrow, and be near the east coast of Florida by tomorrow evening. ](/news/2016/10/5/hurricane-matthew-kills-at-least-26-people-on-the-island-of-hispaniola-22-in-haiti-and-four-more-in-the-dominican-republic-the-u-s-nation.md) _Context: Dominican Republic, Haiti_
2. [The Meteorological, Climatological and Geophysical Agency of Indonesia (BMKG) and the Australian Bureau of Meteorology (BOM) issue tsunami warnings, after an undersea 7.9 magnitude earthquake strikes southwest of Sumatra, in the Indian Ocean. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-meteorological-climatological-and-geophysical-agency-of-indonesia-bmkg-and-the-australian-bureau-of-meteorology-bom-issue-tsunami-w.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude_
3. [Five deaths occurred in Haiti as Tropical Storm Erika dumped heavy rains there, on the Dominican Republic, and on Puerto Rico. The storm weakened to a Tropical Depression before it hit Cuba (max winds 56 kph (35 mph), heading to the southeastern Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2015/08/29/five-deaths-occurred-in-haiti-as-tropical-storm-erika-dumped-heavy-rains-there-on-the-dominican-republic-and-on-puerto-rico-the-storm-wea.md) _Context: Dominican Republic, Haiti_
4. [The Prime Minister of Haiti Evans Paul accuses the Dominican Republic of causing a humanitarian crisis by mass deportation of people mainly from Haiti. ](/news/2015/06/25/the-prime-minister-of-haiti-evans-paul-accuses-the-dominican-republic-of-causing-a-humanitarian-crisis-by-mass-deportation-of-people-mainly.md) _Context: Dominican Republic, Haiti_
5. [2013 Bushehr earthquake: A 6.1-magnitude earthquake rocks the Iranian towns of Khvormuj, Bandar Deyr and Kangan, killing 37 people and injuring over 850, and was felt as far as Bahrain. ](/news/2013/04/9/2013-bushehr-earthquake-a-6-1amagnitude-earthquake-rocks-the-iranian-towns-of-khvormuj-bandar-deyr-and-kangan-killing-37-people-and-inj.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude_
6. [2013 Lushan earthquake: An earthquake of 7.0 magnitude strikes Lushan County, Sichuan province, China, with the latest estimate showing 193 people dead, 24 missing and 11,826 injured. ](/news/2013/04/20/2013-lushan-earthquake-an-earthquake-of-7-0-magnitude-strikes-lushan-county-sichuan-province-china-with-the-latest-estimate-showing-193.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude_
7. [At least 37 people are dead after a 7.8 magnitude earthquake strikes with its epicenter below Khash County, Sistan and Baluchestan Province, Iran, near the border with Pakistan. Tremors are felt throughout the Middle East, Pakistan and North India, and hundreds of deaths are expected by the Iran government. ](/news/2013/04/16/at-least-37-people-are-dead-after-a-7-8-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-with-its-epicenter-below-khash-county-sistan-and-baluchestan-province.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude_
8. [An earthquake estimated at a magnitude of 6.0 hits Kobe, Japan, injuring at least 22 people. ](/news/2013/04/13/an-earthquake-estimated-at-a-magnitude-of-6-0-hits-kobe-japan-injuring-at-least-22-people.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude_
9. [2013 Nantou earthquake: At least one person is killed and 19 others are injured when a 6.0-magnitude earthquake strikes near Taipei, Taiwan, causing a fire and shaking buildings. ](/news/2013/03/27/2013-nantou-earthquake-at-least-one-person-is-killed-and-19-others-are-injured-when-a-6-0-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-near-taipei-taiwan.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude_
10. [2013 Narino earthquake: A magnitude 6.9 earthquake strikes southwest Colombia causing major disruption to the region and injuring at least 8 people. ](/news/2013/02/9/2013-naria-o-earthquake-a-magnitude-6-9-earthquake-strikes-southwest-colombia-causing-major-disruption-to-the-region-and-injuring-at-least.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude_
