### [2004-05-29](/news/2004/05/29/index.md)

#  Islamist militants attack two oil industry installations and a foreign workers' housing complex in Khobar, Saudi Arabia, killing at least 11 people and taking some 50 hostages. Saudi police attempt to storm the housing complex but withdraw after taking casualties. A previously unknown militant group styling itself "The Jerusalem Squadron" claims responsibility and says they are attacking "zionists and crusaders" who are there to "steal our oil and resources". 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3760287.stm)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/meast/05/29/saudi.shooting/index.html)

### Related:

1. [A fire at an Aramco housing complex in the Saudi Arabian city of Khobar kills at least two people and injures 105 others. ](/news/2015/08/30/a-fire-at-an-aramco-housing-complex-in-the-saudi-arabian-city-of-khobar-kills-at-least-two-people-and-injures-105-others.md) _Context: Khobar, Saudi Arabia_
2. [ Saudi commandos storm the Khobar housing compound where Islamic militants were holding several dozen hostages, ending with 22 dead. ([http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3762423.stm BBC])](/news/2004/05/30/saudi-commandos-storm-the-khobar-housing-compound-where-islamic-militants-were-holding-several-dozen-hostages-ending-with-22-dead-http.md) _Context: Khobar, Saudi Arabia_
3. [ War on Terrorism: Saudi Arabian authorities have broken up, for the second time, a militant ring in Mecca amid a wide crackdown on Islamic extremists. The police combated militants in the streets of the holy city of Mecca, killing two of the suspects and uncovering a large cache of weapons. The raid on two buildings in Mecca's al-Share'a neighborhood foiled a terrorist operation "that did not respect the sanctity of holy places and the month of Ramadan".](/news/2003/11/3/war-on-terrorism-saudi-arabian-authorities-have-broken-up-for-the-second-time-a-militant-ring-in-mecca-amid-a-wide-crackdown-on-islamic.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, radical Islamists_
4. [Saudi Arabia suspends any dialogue with Qatar, accusing it of "distorting facts" in its reporting of yesterday's phone call between the leaders of both countries which suggested a breakthrough in the Gulf dispute was possible. ](/news/2017/09/9/saudi-arabia-suspends-any-dialogue-with-qatar-accusing-it-of-adistorting-factsa-in-its-reporting-of-yesterday-s-phone-call-between-the.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
5. [Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt-bahrain-and-unite.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
6. [Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-of-the-u-s-decisio.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
7. [Human rights activists accuse forces led by Saudi Arabia and the UAE of kidnapping and torturing people during the Yemeni conflict. ](/news/2017/06/9/human-rights-activists-accuse-forces-led-by-saudi-arabia-and-the-uae-of-kidnapping-and-torturing-people-during-the-yemeni-conflict.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
8. [The Saudi Arabia-led bloc against Qatar issues a "terror list" against the peninsula. ](/news/2017/06/8/the-saudi-arabia-led-bloc-against-qatar-issues-a-terror-list-against-the-peninsula.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
9. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
10. [The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab-emirates-and-egypt-towards-qat.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
