### [2010-08-18](/news/2010/08/18/index.md)

# Rupert Murdoch provides $1 million to the U.S. Republican Party ahead of an important election in November, more than doubling the party's funds with one of the largest handouts by a media organisation; critics declare Fox News is not impartial. 

RUPERT MURDOCH has thrown his financial weight behind the Republican party, donating $1 million (&euro;776,000) to help its candidates&hellip;


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-11014504)
2. [Channel 4](http://www.channel4.com/news/articles/politics/rupert+murdoch+donates+1m+to+the+republicans/3747077)
3. [The Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/world/2010/0818/1224277072265.html)

### Related:

1. [21st Century Fox announced that the head of Fox News, Roger Ailes, is resigning. Rupert Murdoch will replace him as interim Chief Executive and Chairman. ](/news/2016/07/21/21st-century-fox-announced-that-the-head-of-fox-news-roger-ailes-is-resigning-rupert-murdoch-will-replace-him-as-interim-chief-executive.md) _Context: Fox News, Rupert Murdoch_
2. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: Republican_
3. [ 21st Century Fox, the parent company of Fox News, announces the firing of Fox News commentator Bill O'Reilly. ](/news/2017/04/19/21st-century-fox-the-parent-company-of-fox-news-announces-the-firing-of-fox-news-commentator-bill-o-reilly.md) _Context: Fox News_
4. [Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia.  ](/news/2017/04/18/democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u-s-house-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-now-health-and-human-serv.md) _Context: Republican_
5. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: Republican_
6. [A leaked memo from House Republicans reveals cutting provisions from Obamacare such as Medicaid expansions and subsidies for health insurance. ](/news/2017/02/25/a-leaked-memo-from-house-republicans-reveals-cutting-provisions-from-obamacare-such-as-medicaid-expansions-and-subsidies-for-health-insuranc.md) _Context: Republican_
7. [The Trump White House bars ''The New York Times'', CNN, the ''Los Angeles Times'', the ''New York Daily News'', ''The Hill'',  the ''Daily Mail'',  BBC,  Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as  Breitbart News, One America News Network, and ''The Washington Times''. Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News,  ''The Wall Street Journal'', Bloomberg News, and Fox News. ''Time'' magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to  in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-m.md) _Context: Fox News_
8. [The Republican-led U.S. House of Representatives cancels plans approved on Monday, following widespread criticism, including a tweet by President-elect Trump, that would have weakened the House's independent ethics watchdog, the Office of Congressional Ethics. ](/news/2017/01/3/the-republican-led-u-s-house-of-representatives-cancels-plans-approved-on-monday-following-widespread-criticism-including-a-tweet-by-pres.md) _Context: Republican_
9. [Republican campaign manager Kellyanne Conway dismisses allegations of Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election, calling the claims "laughable and ridiculous".  ](/news/2016/12/11/republican-campaign-manager-kellyanne-conway-dismisses-allegations-of-russian-interference-in-the-2016-u-s-presidential-election-calling-t.md) _Context: Republican_
10. [John N. Kennedy of the Republican Party defeats Foster Campbell of the Democratic Party to become the junior Senator for Louisiana. ](/news/2016/12/10/john-n-kennedy-of-the-republican-party-defeats-foster-campbell-of-the-democratic-party-to-become-the-junior-senator-for-louisiana.md) _Context: Republican_
