### [2010-08-18](/news/2010/08/18/index.md)

# Scientists dispute the claim by the United States that all the oil has gone from the Gulf of Mexico. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/2010/aug/18/bp-oil-spill-vanished)

### Related:

1. [It is revealed that BP chief executive Tony Hayward is negotiating his terms of exit after being negatively criticised by politicians in the United States over his handling of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2010/07/25/it-is-revealed-that-bp-chief-executive-tony-hayward-is-negotiating-his-terms-of-exit-after-being-negatively-criticised-by-politicians-in-the.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, United States_
2. [Energy company BP announces it is to sell billions worth of assets in Canada, Egypt, Pakistan, United States and Vietnam to part-fund the clean-up cost of the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2010/07/21/energy-company-bp-announces-it-is-to-sell-billions-worth-of-assets-in-canada-egypt-pakistan-united-states-and-vietnam-to-part-fund-the-cl.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, United States_
3. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Franklin, the Atlantic Ocean's first hurricane of the season, is set to hit Mexico's Gulf state of Veracruz tonight or tomorrow morning. The category 1 storm is expected to lose strength as it moves inland through the oil-producing state. ](/news/2017/08/9/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-franklin-the-atlantic-ocean-s-first-hurricane-of-the-season-is-set-to-hit-mexico-s-gulf-state-of.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
4. [115th United States Congress: U.S. lawmakers break for summer recess. ](/news/2017/08/3/115th-united-states-congress-u-s-lawmakers-break-for-summer-recess.md) _Context: United States_
5. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season: In anticipation of Hurricane Harvey, residents from Corpus Christi to Galveston, Texas, and workers from Gulf of Mexico oil platforms are evacuating the region. The storm makes landfall between Port Aransas and Port O'Connor as a Category 4 hurricane around 11 p.m. EDT (0300 UTC, August 26) as the strongest storm to hit the United States mainland since 2004. The National Hurricane Center predicts Harvey will linger over Texas for days, dumping 15|-|25|in|cm, and as much 35|in|cm of rain on some parts of the state. ](/news/2017/08/25/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-in-anticipation-of-hurricane-harvey-residents-from-corpus-christi-to-galveston-texas-and-workers-from-gul.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
6. [Solar eclipse of August 21, 2017: Millions of United States residents and visitors are able to witness a total solar eclipse that crosses through North America. It is the first total solar eclipse visible across the entire contiguous United States since the solar eclipse of June 8, 1918. ](/news/2017/08/21/solar-eclipse-of-august-21-2017-millions-of-united-states-residents-and-visitors-are-able-to-witness-a-total-solar-eclipse-that-crosses-th.md) _Context: United States_
7. [Immigration policy of Donald Trump: United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the RAISE Act, a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. ](/news/2017/08/2/immigration-policy-of-donald-trump-united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-ra.md) _Context: United States_
8. [Gene editing: Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos. ](/news/2017/08/2/gene-editing-teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece.md) _Context: United States_
9. [Sanctuary cities: California and San Francisco sue the United States Federal government over its opposition towards sanctuary cities. ](/news/2017/08/14/sanctuary-cities-california-and-san-francisco-sue-the-united-states-federal-government-over-its-opposition-towards-sanctuary-cities.md) _Context: United States_
10. [2017 G20 Hamburg summit: The summit announces it is unable to gain agreement on climate change between the United States and the other 19 members of this international forum. ](/news/2017/07/8/2017-g20-hamburg-summit-the-summit-announces-it-is-unable-to-gain-agreement-on-climate-change-between-the-united-states-and-the-other-19-me.md) _Context: United States_
