### [2010-04-20](/news/2010/04/20/index.md)

# Former International Olympic Committee (IOC) president (1980 - 2001) and honorary life president Juan Antonio Samaranch is in a "very critical" condition in Quiron Hospital, Barcelona, after suffering a heart attack. 

Former International Olympic Committee president Juan Antonio Samaranch is in &#034;very serious&#034; condition in an intensive care unit at a hospital in Barcelona.


### Source:

1. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/sport/2010/0420/samaranchja.html)
2. [Herald Sun](http://www.heraldsun.com.au/news/breaking-news/former-olympic-committee-chief-juan-antonio-samaranch-gravely-ill-in-hospital/story-e6frf7jx-1225856224605)
3. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2010/SPORT/04/20/olympics.samaranch.illness/)
4. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/othersports/olympics/news/7611393/Former-IOC-president-Juan-Antonio-Samaranch-in-very-serious-condition.html)
5. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport2/hi/olympic_games/8633190.stm)

### Related:

1. [Juan Antonio Samaranch, the 7th president of the International Olympic Committee (1980 - 2001), dies at the age of 89. ](/news/2010/04/21/juan-antonio-samaranch-the-7th-president-of-the-international-olympic-committee-1980-2001-dies-at-the-age-of-89.md) _Context: International Olympic Committee, Juan Antonio Samaranch_
2. [In a protest in Barcelona, an estimated 800,000 people (370,000 in the government claim) demand secession from the Madrid-based Spanish government. ](/news/2016/09/12/in-a-protest-in-barcelona-an-estimated-800-000-people-370-000-in-the-government-claim-demand-secession-from-the-madrid-based-spanish-gove.md) _Context: Barcelona_
3. [The International Olympic Committee rules that 271 of the 389 athletes nominated by the Russian Olympic Committee will be eligible to participate in the 2016 summer Olympics. ](/news/2016/08/4/the-international-olympic-committee-rules-that-271-of-the-389-athletes-nominated-by-the-russian-olympic-committee-will-be-eligible-to-partic.md) _Context: International Olympic Committee_
4. [The International Olympic Committee states it considers all Russian athletes tainted by the country's state-run doping scheme but individual athletes can compete in 2016 Games if they are able to convince individual sports federations of their innocence. A daunting task for these organizations to handle hundreds of appeals just 12 days before the start of the Rio Games on 5 August. ](/news/2016/07/24/the-international-olympic-committee-states-it-considers-all-russian-athletes-tainted-by-the-countryas-state-run-doping-scheme-but-individu.md) _Context: International Olympic Committee_
5. [The government of Kuwait sues the International Olympic Committee (IOC) for US$1.3 billion in damages over the suspension of its Olympic committee last October due to the government's interference in sports. ](/news/2016/06/23/the-government-of-kuwait-sues-the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-for-us-1-3-billion-in-damages-over-the-suspension-of-its-olympic-com.md) _Context: International Olympic Committee_
6. [The International Olympic Committee (IOC) upholds its ban on Russian track and field athletes participating in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro due to various doping scandals. IOC officials plan to gather next Tuesday to discuss the matter further. ](/news/2016/06/17/the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-upholds-its-ban-on-russian-track-and-field-athletes-participating-in-the-2016-summer-olympics-in-r.md) _Context: International Olympic Committee_
7. [The International Olympic Committee (IOC) executive board backs host Tokyo's  proposal to include baseball-softball, surfing, karate, sport climbing, and skateboarding in the 2020 Summer Olympics. The full IOC will vote on this in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, in August. ](/news/2016/06/1/the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-executive-board-backs-host-tokyo-s-proposal-to-include-baseball-softball-surfing-karate-sport.md) _Context: International Olympic Committee_
8. [Lamine Diack, who is provisionally suspended as an honorary member of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) in connection with  suspected involvement in the  Russian doping scandal cited in yesterday's World Anti-Doping Agency report, resigns as president of the Monaco-based International Athletics Foundation (IAF), according to the  International Association of Athletics Federations (IAFF). Diack  stepped down as president of the IAAF in August.   The 82-year-old native of Senegal is under investigation in France on suspicion of corruption and money-laundering. ](/news/2015/11/10/lamine-diack-who-is-provisionally-suspended-as-an-honorary-member-of-the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-in-connection-with-suspecte.md) _Context: International Olympic Committee_
9. [The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force issues a recommendation stating that, in consultation with their doctor and pharmacist, and provided the risk of gastrointestinal bleeding and the very rare risk of certain hemorrhagic strokes do not outweigh the benefits in individual cases, that people aged 50 to 70 (especially those aged 50-60 and with a 10 percent risk or higher of cardiovascular disease, or CVD; mindful that the risk of bleeding, which can be dangerous, goes up as one ages) should take low-dose aspirin, for a period of at least 10 years, for preventive benefits against CVD and heart attack, as well as colorectal cancer. The evidence is inconclusive for those not at very high risk who are over 70, and below 40, and there is only weak evidence for prevention of lung cancer, breast cancer, and prostate cancer. ](/news/2015/09/14/the-u-s-preventive-services-task-force-issues-a-recommendation-stating-that-in-consultation-with-their-doctor-and-pharmacist-and-provided.md) _Context: heart attack_
10. [A 13-year-old boy uses a home-made crossbow to kill a teacher and wound four other people at his school in the city of Barcelona. ](/news/2015/04/20/a-13-year-old-boy-uses-a-home-made-crossbow-to-kill-a-teacher-and-wound-four-other-people-at-his-school-in-the-city-of-barcelona.md) _Context: Barcelona_
