### [2010-04-20](/news/2010/04/20/index.md)

# The Transocean-owned oil rig Deepwater Horizon explodes, leaking about 4,900,000 barrels of crude oil into the Gulf of Mexico. At least seven people were injured and over a dozen were missing at sea. 

The oil rig that exploded and then sank 36 hours later could lead to a major oil spill, officials say, and as a result a remotely operated vehicle is surveying the seas and cleanup assets are in place.


### Source:

1. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/36683314)

### Related:

1. [2010 Explosion on ''Deepwater Horizon'' drilling rig:Transocean oil platform ''Deepwater Horizon'' sinks into the Gulf of Mexico off the coast of Louisiana after an explosion two days earlier that injured 7, with 11 still missing. ](/news/2010/04/22/2010-explosion-on-deepwater-horizon-drilling-rig-ptransocean-oil-platform-deepwater-horizon-sinks-into-the-gulf-of-mexico-off-the-co.md) _Context: Deepwater Horizon, Gulf of Mexico, Transocean_
2. [An oil rig explodes in the Gulf of Mexico, west of the Deepwater Horizon oil rig that exploded in April, killing no people. ](/news/2010/09/2/an-oil-rig-explodes-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-west-of-the-deepwater-horizon-oil-rig-that-exploded-in-april-killing-no-people.md) _Context: Deepwater Horizon, Gulf of Mexico_
3. [BP starts pumping cement into the Deepwater Horizon oil well in the Gulf of Mexico at the culmination of cleanup efforts for the Deepwater Horizon oil spill. ](/news/2010/09/17/bp-starts-pumping-cement-into-the-deepwater-horizon-oil-well-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-at-the-culmination-of-cleanup-efforts-for-the-deepwater-h.md) _Context: Deepwater Horizon, Gulf of Mexico_
4. [Transocean, the company that leased the Deepwater Horizon oil rig, accuses BP of covering up data about the explosion and subsequent oil spill. ](/news/2010/09/16/transocean-the-company-that-leased-the-deepwater-horizon-oil-rig-accuses-bp-of-covering-up-data-about-the-explosion-and-subsequent-oil-spi.md) _Context: Deepwater Horizon, Transocean_
5. [Alarms on the ''Deepwater Horizon'' oil rig are found to have been disabled before the explosion and subsequent oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2010/07/23/alarms-on-the-deepwater-horizon-oil-rig-are-found-to-have-been-disabled-before-the-explosion-and-subsequent-oil-spill-in-the-gulf-of-mex.md) _Context: Deepwater Horizon, Gulf of Mexico_
6. [BP is set to remove the containment cap over the destroyed Deepwater Horizon oil well in the Gulf of Mexico, and replace it with a bigger cap. Oil and gas will spew unrestricted from the well for an estimated four to seven days until the new cap is in place.  ](/news/2010/07/10/bp-is-set-to-remove-the-containment-cap-over-the-destroyed-deepwater-horizon-oil-well-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-and-replace-it-with-a-bigger-ca.md) _Context: Deepwater Horizon, Gulf of Mexico_
7. [Deepwater Horizon drilling rig explosion aftermath:The oil spill resulting from the explosion of the ''Deepwater Horizon'' drilling rig in the Gulf of Mexico reaches the Louisiana coast. ](/news/2010/04/30/deepwater-horizon-drilling-rig-explosion-aftermath-pthe-oil-spill-resulting-from-the-explosion-of-the-deepwater-horizon-drilling-rig-in.md) _Context: Deepwater Horizon, Gulf of Mexico_
8. [Tropical Storm Colin forms in the Gulf of Mexico and is likely to hit Florida's Gulf Coast tomorrow. ](/news/2016/06/5/tropical-storm-colin-forms-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-and-is-likely-to-hit-florida-s-gulf-coast-tomorrow.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
9. [State oil company Petroleos Mexicanos reports the death toll has risen to  28 from Wednesday's explosion at Petroquimica Mexicana de Vinilo's Clorados 3 petrochemical plant in the Gulf port city of Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz. Some workers are still missing while 18 others remain hospitalized. Officials say the explosion came from an unspecified leak. The plant produces the hazardous industrial chemical vinyl chloride. ](/news/2016/04/22/state-oil-company-petroleos-mexicanos-reports-the-death-toll-has-risen-to-28-from-wednesday-s-explosion-at-petroquimica-mexicana-de-vinilo.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
10. [At least 24 people are killed, 136 others injured, and eight workers still missing from yesterday's blast at the major Clorados 3 petrochemical plant of Petroquimica Mexicana de Vinilo. Nineteen people remain hospitalized, with 13 in serious condition. The plant is run by Mexichem under agreement with Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex), the national petrochemical company, in Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz, Mexico, on the country's southern Gulf of Mexico coast. Pemex had an earlier fire at the same facility in February 2016 that killed one worker; also that month, an offshore Pemex Gulf platform fire killed two and injured eight. ](/news/2016/04/21/at-least-24-people-are-killed-136-others-injured-and-eight-workers-still-missing-from-yesterday-s-blast-at-the-major-clorados-3-petrochemi.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
