### [2004-12-10](/news/2004/12/10/index.md)

#  A riot forms in Puerto Rico between members of the PIP, the FUPI, the Socialist party and members of the police in front of the federal courthouse, where PIP and PNP backers had gathered two days before the outcome of the 2004 Puerto Rican elections was to be decided by a judge. Several people, including seven policemen, are severely injured. [http://vocero.com/noticia.asp?n=50165&d=12/11/2004 ("El Vocero"] {{es icon}}




### Related:

1. [At least 6 people die as Mozambique police fire rubber bullets as a protest in Maputo over rising food prices turns into a riot. ](/news/2010/09/1/at-least-6-people-die-as-mozambique-police-fire-rubber-bullets-as-a-protest-in-maputo-over-rising-food-prices-turns-into-a-riot.md) _Context: police, riot_
2. [ Italian riot police clash with hundreds of Chinese merchants in Milan after scuffles break out over traffic problems in Chinatown. ](/news/2007/04/12/italian-riot-police-clash-with-hundreds-of-chinese-merchants-in-milan-after-scuffles-break-out-over-traffic-problems-in-chinatown.md) _Context: police, riot_
3. [Irma has killed at least 14 people. The storm, still at Category 5 strength with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h), is moving west-northwest at 16 mph (26 km/h). It has reached the dual-country island of Hispaniola and is forecast to pass over the Turks and Caicos Islands as it heads towards The Bahamas and Cuba. The eye did not directly hit Puerto Rico; still casualties are reported and around two-thirds of its 3.4 million population are without electricity. ](/news/2017/09/7/irma-has-killed-at-least-14-people-the-storm-still-at-category-5-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-175-mph-280-km-h-is-moving-we.md) _Context: island_
4. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-km-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: island_
5. [Puerto Rican officials request aid from the United States federal government for welfare in the aftermath of the hurricane-induced humanitarian crisis on the island. ](/news/2017/09/25/puerto-rican-officials-request-aid-from-the-united-states-federal-government-for-welfare-in-the-aftermath-of-the-hurricane-induced-humanitar.md) _Context: island_
6. [Tens of thousands of people in northern Puerto Rico are ordered to evacuate after floodwaters from Hurricane Maria damage the Guajataca Dam. ](/news/2017/09/22/tens-of-thousands-of-people-in-northern-puerto-rico-are-ordered-to-evacuate-after-floodwaters-from-hurricane-maria-damage-the-guajataca-dam.md) _Context: island_
7. [  Hurricane Maria makes landfall on Puerto Rico as a Category 4 hurricane. Effects are disastrous and the entire island loses power. Seven deaths are reported on Puerto Rico, along with two on Guadeloupe. Puerto Rican Governor Ricardo Rossello declares a 6:00 p.m. to 6:00 a.m. curfew through Saturday. ](/news/2017/09/20/hurricane-maria-makes-landfall-on-puerto-rico-as-a-category-4-hurricane-effects-are-disastrous-and-the-entire-island-loses-power-seven-d.md) _Context: island_
8. [Hurricane Maria reaches Category 5 as it threatens the Leeward Islands, Puerto Rico, and the Dominican Republic. ](/news/2017/09/18/hurricane-maria-reaches-category-5-as-it-threatens-the-leeward-islands-puerto-rico-and-the-dominican-republic.md) _Context: island_
9. [A two stage attack targeting police kills 5 officers and wounds 11 in the city of el-Arish. A later roadside bomb south of the city wounds a further 6 officers. ](/news/2017/07/17/a-two-stage-attack-targeting-police-kills-5-officers-and-wounds-11-in-the-city-of-el-arish-a-later-roadside-bomb-south-of-the-city-wounds-a.md) _Context: police_
10. [Puerto Rico files for the largest "local government" bankruptcy in the United States. ](/news/2017/05/3/puerto-rico-files-for-the-largest-local-government-bankruptcy-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: island_
