### [2004-12-10](/news/2004/12/10/index.md)

#  Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi is acquitted of bribery thanks to the statute of limitations. The court's ruling implied that Berlusconi probably was guilty of bribing a judge in 1991, but said that too much time had passed for him to be punished. 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [Financial Times](http://news.ft.com/cms/s/911b3e0e-4ad2-11d9-a0ca-00000e2511c8.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=7057180)
2. [Cover Image](https://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [A bribery case against former Prime Minister of Italy Silvio Berlusconi is dismissed due to the statute of limitations having expired. ](/news/2012/02/25/a-bribery-case-against-former-prime-minister-of-italy-silvio-berlusconi-is-dismissed-due-to-the-statute-of-limitations-having-expired.md) _Context: Silvio Berlusconi, statute of limitations_
2. [ More than 4 million people vote in Italy for the primaries of the center left to elect the person that should represent the main antagonist to the current Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi. (La Repubblica)](/news/2005/10/16/more-than-4-million-people-vote-in-italy-for-the-primaries-of-the-center-left-to-elect-the-person-that-should-represent-the-main-antagonist.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Silvio Berlusconi_
3. [The parliament of Papua New Guinea re-elects Peter O'Neill as Prime Minister, ending a chaotic election campaign marred by violence, which analysts fear may continue amid widespread voter unrest. ](/news/2017/08/2/the-parliament-of-papua-new-guinea-re-elects-peter-o-neill-as-prime-minister-ending-a-chaotic-election-campaign-marred-by-violence-which-a.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
4. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
5. [An Italian court orders former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi to stand trial on April 4 on charges of allegedly bribing witnesses with EUR10 million (US$11 million) in order to silence them over accusations he paid for sex with young women. ](/news/2017/01/28/an-italian-court-orders-former-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-to-stand-trial-on-april-4-on-charges-of-allegedly-bribing-witnesses-with-a.md) _Context: Silvio Berlusconi_
6. [Business magnate and former Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi sells leading football club A.C. Milan to a Chinese consortium for an eventual EUR400 million. ](/news/2016/07/6/business-magnate-and-former-italian-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-sells-leading-football-club-a-c-milan-to-a-chinese-consortium-for-an-e.md) _Context: Silvio Berlusconi_
7. [Following the Obama Administration's pledge of additional Special Operations troops to Iraq, several members of Iraq's ruling alliance state that only the Iraqi Parliament can authorize the action, and political associates of Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi report such a troop expansion would be unacceptable. Several members of Iraqi militias have also decried a deployment of more U.S. troops. During the pull out from Iraq, president Obama promised there would be no more "boots on the ground" in Iraq again. ](/news/2015/12/3/following-the-obama-administration-s-pledge-of-additional-special-operations-troops-to-iraq-several-members-of-iraqas-ruling-alliance-sta.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
8. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met today in Berlin with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu regarding the recent spate of violence between Palestinians and Israelis. Kerry will meet on Saturday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and King Abdullah of Jordan in Amman. ](/news/2015/10/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-met-today-in-berlin-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-regarding-the-recent-spate-of-violence.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
9. [Swedish prosecutor Marianne Ny lodges a request to interrogate Julian Assange in his London refuge at the Ecuadorian consulate, saying that the reason for her change of mind is that the statute of limitations on several of the crimes of which Assange is suspected runs out in August 2015. ](/news/2015/03/13/swedish-prosecutor-marianne-ny-lodges-a-request-to-interrogate-julian-assange-in-his-london-refuge-at-the-ecuadorian-consulate-saying-that.md) _Context: statute of limitations_
10. [Former Prime Minister of Italy Silvio Berlusconi is sentenced to 1 year of community service for his conviction of tax fraud. ](/news/2014/04/15/former-prime-minister-of-italy-silvio-berlusconi-is-sentenced-to-1-year-of-community-service-for-his-conviction-of-tax-fraud.md) _Context: Silvio Berlusconi_
