### [2006-07-4](/news/2006/07/4/index.md)

#  North Korea test-launches at least six missiles which landed in the Sea of Japan. An official from the United States Department of State claims that one of the missiles was a long-range Taepodong 2 missile which failed 35 seconds after takeoff.




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2006/WORLD/asiapcf/07/04/korea.missile/index.html)
2. [Mainichi Shimbun](http://mdn.mainichi-msn.co.jp/national/news/20060705p2a00m0na006000c.html)

### Related:

1. [ North Korea might have moved another Taepodong-2 missile, a long range missile, to the launch site, according to South Korea's defense minister. ](/news/2006/07/7/north-korea-might-have-moved-another-taepodong-2-missile-a-long-range-missile-to-the-launch-site-according-to-south-korea-s-defense-mini.md) _Context: North Korea, Taepodong-2, launch_
2. [ 10 or more of Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps members attend North Korea's launch of its Taepodong-2 missile. ](/news/2006/07/12/10-or-more-of-iran-s-islamic-revolutionary-guard-corps-members-attend-north-korea-s-launch-of-its-taepodong-2-missile.md) _Context: North Korea, Taepodong-2, launch_
3. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-9.md) _Context: North Korea, Sea of Japan_
4. [North Korea-United States relations: After over a year in North Korean prison, the government releases the one-year comatose Otto Warmbier after negotiations from the United States Department of State. ](/news/2017/06/13/north-korea-united-states-relations-after-over-a-year-in-north-korean-prison-the-government-releases-the-one-year-comatose-otto-warmbier.md) _Context: North Korea, United States State Department_
5. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-acc.md) _Context: North Korea, Sea of Japan_
6. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: 2017 North Korean missile tests: U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-2017-north-korean-missile-tests-u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launc.md) _Context: North Korea, Sea of Japan_
7. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: South Korea claims that North Korea has fired several missiles from the Sohae Satellite Launching Station into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/03/6/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-several-missiles-from-the-sohae-satellite-launchi.md) _Context: North Korea, Sea of Japan_
8. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea test fires a ballistic missile over the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/02/12/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-test-fires-a-ballistic-missile-over-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea, Sea of Japan_
9. [North Korea-South Korea relations: South Korea reports that North Korea has fired three ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2016/09/5/north-korea-south-korea-relations-south-korea-reports-that-north-korea-has-fired-three-ballistic-missiles-into-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea, Sea of Japan_
10. [North Korea-South Korea relations: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: The South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff and the United States Strategic Command report North Korea fires three ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. The short-range ballistic missiles flew about 500 to 600 kilometers (310 to 375 miles) before crashing in the sea, sufficient to target the southern part of South Korea where the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system is set to be installed. ](/news/2016/07/19/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-the-south-korean-joint-chiefs-of-staff-and-the-united-stat.md) _Context: North Korea, Sea of Japan_
