### [2007-11-13](/news/2007/11/13/index.md)

#  2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Backed by hundreds of police officers, the Pakistani government again placed former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto under house arrest to prevent a protest against President Pervez Musharraf. 

Benazir Bhutto faces a seven-day detention order if she presses ahead with a planned opposition march.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7091930.stm)
2. [NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/2007/11/13/world/asia/13pakistan.html?_r=1&ref=asia&oref=slogin)

### Related:

1. [A Pakistani court indicts former President Pervez Musharraf for his alleged involvement in the 2007 assassination of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto. ](/news/2013/08/20/a-pakistani-court-indicts-former-president-pervez-musharraf-for-his-alleged-involvement-in-the-2007-assassination-of-former-prime-minister-b.md) _Context: Benazir Bhutto, Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf_
2. [Chaudhry Zulfiqar Ali, a prosecutor with Pakistan's Federal Investigation Agency leading the prosecution of former President Pervez Musharraf over alleged involvement in the assassination of Benazir Bhutto, is shot dead on the way to court in Islamabad. ](/news/2013/05/3/chaudhry-zulfiqar-ali-a-prosecutor-with-pakistan-s-federal-investigation-agency-leading-the-prosecution-of-former-president-pervez-musharra.md) _Context: Benazir Bhutto, Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf_
3. [War in North-West Pakistan:Pakistani police defuse a car bomb near a fortified farmhouse, where the former Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf is under house arrest. ](/news/2013/04/23/war-in-north-west-pakistan-ppakistani-police-defuse-a-car-bomb-near-a-fortified-farmhouse-where-the-former-pakistan-president-pervez-mushar.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, house arrest_
4. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Pervez Musharraf is sworn in as the President of Pakistan for a second term, this time as a civilian. [http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/11/29/2105577.htm (ABC News Australia)]  President George W. Bush welcomes Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf, urges him to lift emergency rule.date=December 2007 Musharraf announces the 2007 Pakistani state of emergency will be lifted on 2007-12-16. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7119416.stm (BBC)] Restrictions on Pakistani TV channels are challenged in the Supreme Court of Pakistan.date=December 2007 ](/news/2007/11/29/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-p-pervez-musharraf-is-sworn-in-as-the-president-of-pakistan-for-a-second-term-this-time-as-a-civilian.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf_
5. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Pakistani Attorney General Malik Qayyum announces the Supreme Court of Pakistan has dismissed five of the six petitions against President Pervez Musharraf's re-election. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7101302.stm (BBC)] At least 80 people die and 100 are wounded in sectarian violence in Kurram Agency. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7101533.stm (BBC)] Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf rejects United States Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte's demand to lift the state of emergency.date=December 2007](/news/2007/11/19/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-p-pakistani-attorney-general-malik-qayyum-announces-the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-has-dismissed-five-of-t.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf_
6. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Former Prime Minister of Pakistan Benazir Bhutto returns to Karachi after release from house arrest in Lahore.date=December 2007 TV networks Geo TV and ARY Digital are shut down by the Pakistan government. ](/news/2007/11/17/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-p-former-prime-minister-of-pakistan-benazir-bhutto-returns-to-karachi-after-release-from-house-arrest-in.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Benazir Bhutto, house arrest_
7. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Pakistan Army renews air attacks in the Swat valley targeting extremists positions.date=December 2007  Foreign ministers of the Commonwealth of Nations meet in London to discuss the issue of Pakistan. They demand that President Pervez Musharraf lift the state of emergency, release political prisoners and step down as army chief by November 22, or otherwise the country will be "suspended from the Councils of the Commonwealth." ](/news/2007/11/12/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-p-pakistan-army-renews-air-attacks-in-the-swat-valley-targeting-extremists-positions-date-december-2007-p.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf_
8. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Malik Mohammad Qayyum, the Attorney General of Pakistan predicts that the 2007 Pakistani state of emergency could be lifted within a month. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7088346.stm (BBC)] Benazir Bhutto is to lead a long march against the emergency on 13 November. ](/news/2007/11/10/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-p-malik-mohammad-qayyum-the-attorney-general-of-pakistan-predicts-that-the-2007-pakistani-state-of-emerg.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Benazir Bhutto, Pakistan_
9. [ Benazir Bhutto leaves Karachi for United Arab Emirates amidst speculations that President Pervez Musharraf might impose martial law in Pakistan. ](/news/2007/11/1/benazir-bhutto-leaves-karachi-for-united-arab-emirates-amidst-speculations-that-president-pervez-musharraf-might-impose-martial-law-in-paki.md) _Context: Benazir Bhutto, Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf_
10. [ Pakistan: The Pakistani cabinet announces plans to drop all corruption charges against former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto.date=December 2007 The President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf appoints General Ashfaq Kiyani to succeed him as the head of the Pakistan Army after Saturday's election. ](/news/2007/10/2/pakistan-p-the-pakistani-cabinet-announces-plans-to-drop-all-corruption-charges-against-former-prime-minister-benazir-bhutto-date-december.md) _Context: Benazir Bhutto, Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf_
