### [2007-11-13](/news/2007/11/13/index.md)

#  Russian President Vladimir Putin said that an overwhelming victory for United Russia in the legislative elections would give him the "moral right" to maintain a strong influence in the country. 




### Source:

1. [The Moscow Times](http://www.moscowtimes.ru/stories/2007/11/14/001.html)

### Related:

1. [ Russian President Vladimir Putin's United Russia party wins 62.8% of the votes in Russia's parliamentary elections. ](/news/2007/12/2/russian-president-vladimir-putin-s-united-russia-party-wins-62-8-of-the-votes-in-russia-s-parliamentary-elections.md) _Context: Russia, United Russia, Vladimir Putin, parliamentary elections_
2. [2011 Russian protests:. A day of protests begins in cities across Russia against alleged election fraud by Vladimir Putin and his United Russia party, with fifty thousand people marching in Moscow and 25 people arrested in Khabarovsk. ](/news/2011/12/10/2011-russian-protests-a-day-of-protests-begins-in-cities-across-russia-against-alleged-election-fraud-by-vladimir-putin-and-his-united-rus.md) _Context: Russia, United Russia, Vladimir Putin_
3. [ Russian voters go to the polls to decide the country's next president. Dmitry Medvedev of the United Russia wins the election and is expected to succeed Vladimir Putin as the President of Russia. ](/news/2008/03/2/russian-voters-go-to-the-polls-to-decide-the-country-s-next-president-dmitry-medvedev-of-the-united-russia-wins-the-election-and-is-expect.md) _Context: Russia, United Russia, Vladimir Putin_
4. [ President of Russia Vladimir Putin announces he will run on centrist list in the parliamentary elections in December and that he does not exclude the option of becoming Prime Minister of Russia after the election. [http://www.softonlinesoft.net/vb/showthread.php?t=765]](/news/2007/10/1/president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-announces-he-will-run-on-centrist-list-in-the-parliamentary-elections-in-december-and-that-he-does-not-e.md) _Context: United Russia, Vladimir Putin, parliamentary elections_
5. [Russian president Vladimir Putin attends the International Arctic Forum in Arkhangelsk, Russia. He says there that he is ready to meet U.S. President Donald Trump in Helsinki, Finland. ](/news/2017/03/30/russian-president-vladimir-putin-attends-the-international-arctic-forum-in-arkhangelsk-russia-he-says-there-that-he-is-ready-to-meet-u-s.md) _Context: Russia, Vladimir Putin_
6. [France-Russia relations. French National Front presidential candidate Marine Le Pen meets with Russian president Vladimir Putin and afterwards urges that European Union sanctions on Russia be lifted. ](/news/2017/03/24/france-russia-relations-french-national-front-presidential-candidate-marine-le-pen-meets-with-russian-president-vladimir-putin-and-afterw.md) _Context: Russia, Vladimir Putin_
7. [War in Donbass. At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized. Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/war-in-donbass-at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol.md) _Context: Russia, Vladimir Putin_
8. [Syrian Civil War. Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Russia, Vladimir Putin_
9. [Russian President Vladimir Putin signs a symbolic order to withdraw Russia's signature from the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court (ICC) amid calls by pro-rebel western Non-governmental organisations for an investigation into alleged Russian war crimes in Syria. ](/news/2016/11/16/russian-president-vladimir-putin-signs-a-symbolic-order-to-withdraw-russia-s-signature-from-the-rome-statute-of-the-international-criminal-c.md) _Context: Russia, Vladimir Putin_
10. [Russian President Vladimir Putin deploys the nuclear-capable Iskander mobile short-range ballistic missile system to the Russian Kaliningrad exclave between Poland and Lithuania. ](/news/2016/10/8/russian-president-vladimir-putin-deploys-the-nuclear-capable-iskander-mobile-short-range-ballistic-missile-system-to-the-russian-kaliningrad.md) _Context: Russia, Vladimir Putin_
