### [2003-12-29](/news/2003/12/29/index.md)

#  Papal Nuncio to Burundi, Irish-born Archbishop Michael Courtney, is killed in an ambush. [http://www.guardian.co.uk/international/story/0,3604,1113827,00.html]




### Related:

1. [FIRST Robotics Competition. Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C. A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/first-robotics-competition-six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in.md) _Context: Burundi_
2. [Killing of Patricia O'Connor. The woman whose remains were found scattered along the Military Road in Wicklow, Ireland was named locally today as Patricia O'Connor, a 61 year old from Rathfarnham. A man was arrested in connection with this on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/06/14/killing-of-patricia-o-connor-the-woman-whose-remains-were-found-scattered-along-the-military-road-in-wicklow-ireland-was-named-locally-tod.md) _Context: Ireland_
3. [A gunman shoots dead Burundi's environment minister Emmanuel Niyonkuru in the nation's capital, Bujumbura. ](/news/2017/01/1/a-gunman-shoots-dead-burundi-s-environment-minister-emmanuel-niyonkuru-in-the-nation-s-capital-bujumbura.md) _Context: Burundi_
4. [2016 influenza A virus subtype H5N8 outbreak. Avian flu virus H5N8 outbreaks are reported in birds in India, Germany, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands, and several other European nations. The World Health Organization advised on 17 November that human infection is possible, but unlikely, based on information available. ](/news/2016/11/26/2016-influenza-a-virus-subtype-h5n8-outbreak-avian-flu-virus-h5n8-outbreaks-are-reported-in-birds-in-india-germany-finland-ireland-the.md) _Context: Ireland_
5. [Gambia says it will join South Africa and Burundi in withdrawing from the International Criminal Court, accusing the court of ignoring "Western war crimes" like the Kunduz hospital airstrike. ](/news/2016/10/26/gambia-says-it-will-join-south-africa-and-burundi-in-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-accusing-the-court-of-ignoring-west.md) _Context: Burundi_
6. [South Africa will notify the United Nations that the country is withdrawing from the International Criminal Court (ICC). This separation would take effect one year from when notice is formally received by the U.N. Secretary-General. Last week, Burundi's parliament voted to leave the ICC, but the required paperwork has not yet reached the U.N. ](/news/2016/10/20/south-africa-will-notify-the-united-nations-that-the-country-is-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-icc-this-separation-wou.md) _Context: Burundi_
7. [Foreign relations of Burundi. The Parliament of Burundi votes overwhelmingly to withdraw Burundi from the Dutch-based International Criminal Court. ](/news/2016/10/12/foreign-relations-of-burundi-the-parliament-of-burundi-votes-overwhelmingly-to-withdraw-burundi-from-the-dutch-based-international-criminal.md) _Context: Burundi_
8. [United Ireland. Taoiseach Enda Kenny says that Irish unity must be considered in Brexit talks. ](/news/2016/09/9/united-ireland-taoiseach-enda-kenny-says-that-irish-unity-must-be-considered-in-brexit-talks.md) _Context: Ireland_
9. [2016 Tanzanian earthquake. A magnitude 5.7 earthquake occurs in northern Tanzania, near Lake Victoria, killing at least 13 people and injuring 200 others. Tanzanian authorities report significant damage in the town of Bukoba. The governments of Burundi, Kenya, Rwanda, and Uganda report tremors. ](/news/2016/09/10/2016-tanzanian-earthquake-a-magnitude-5-7-earthquake-occurs-in-northern-tanzania-near-lake-victoria-killing-at-least-13-people-and-injuri.md) _Context: Burundi_
10. [The European Union orders Apple to pay up to 13 billion euros in back taxes to Ireland. A three-year investigation by the EU's competition commissioner concludes that Apple received "illegal state aid" from Ireland, the EU order that Apple pay 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion), and, in addition, also interest and unpaid taxes. ](/news/2016/08/30/the-european-union-orders-apple-to-pay-up-to-13-billion-euros-in-back-taxes-to-ireland-a-three-year-investigation-by-the-eu-s-competition-c.md) _Context: Ireland_
