### [2003-12-29](/news/2003/12/29/index.md)

# The United States Department of Homeland Security announces that it will require armed security personnel on all airline flights, whether US or foreign carriers, when the department has intelligence that there is a threat to a flight. [http://www.nytimes.com/2003/12/30/politics/30TERR.html?ex=1073365200&en=b2c710d712341409&ei=5062&partner=GOOGLE]




### Related:

1. [Political appointments of Donald Trump. Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke withdraws his name from consideration for an assistant secretary position at the Department of Homeland Security. ](/news/2017/06/17/political-appointments-of-donald-trump-milwaukee-county-sheriff-david-clarke-withdraws-his-name-from-consideration-for-an-assistant-secreta.md) _Context: Department of Homeland Security_
2. [The U.S. Department of Homeland Security withdraws its order that Twitter unmask a user whose tweets are critical of President Donald Trump following the company's court filing to block the order on constitutional grounds. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-u-s-department-of-homeland-security-withdraws-its-order-that-twitter-unmask-a-user-whose-tweets-are-critical-of-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: Department of Homeland Security_
3. [U.S. immigration suspension, "State of Washington v. Trump". The Department of Homeland Security says it has stopped enforcing the executive order per Judge James Robart's ruling in "State of Washington v. Trump". The State Department activates visas that had been previously suspended because of this order. ](/news/2017/02/4/u-s-immigration-suspension-state-of-washington-v-trump-the-department-of-homeland-security-says-it-has-stopped-enforcing-the-executive.md) _Context: Department of Homeland Security_
4. [DotGovs, a hacker group that released data on almost 10,000 Department of Homeland Security employees yesterday, publish contact information for 20,000 FBI employees. ](/news/2016/02/8/dotgovs-a-hacker-group-that-released-data-on-almost-10-000-department-of-homeland-security-employees-yesterday-publish-contact-information.md) _Context: Department of Homeland Security_
5. [European migrant crisis. The United States government implements new restrictions to its visa waiver program which now requires, with limited exceptions, European, Japanese and Australian travelers to the United States who either have been visitors in the last five years to or are dual-citizens of Iran, Iraq, Syria and Sudan to obtain a travel visa. The new visa policies were mandated by legislation which was passed, in the aftermath of November 2015 Paris attacks, by Congress on the grounds of national security. ](/news/2016/01/22/european-migrant-crisis-the-united-states-government-implements-new-restrictions-to-its-visa-waiver-program-which-now-requires-with-limite.md) _Context: Department of Homeland Security_
6. [U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano announces her resignation to become the President of the University of California. ](/news/2013/07/12/u-s-homeland-security-secretary-janet-napolitano-announces-her-resignation-to-become-the-president-of-the-university-of-california.md) _Context: Department of Homeland Security_
7. [ The U.S. Department of Homeland Security will allow Chinese and Russian tourists to travel to the Northern Mariana Islands without a visa. ](/news/2009/10/22/the-u-s-department-of-homeland-security-will-allow-chinese-and-russian-tourists-to-travel-to-the-northern-mariana-islands-without-a-visa.md) _Context: Department of Homeland Security_
8. [ The United States Department of Homeland Security reveals that it plans to reallocate anti-terrorism funding to cities across the nation. Funding to New York City and Washington, D.C. is cut, while funding in cities such as Omaha, Nebraska and Los Angeles, California increases. New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg's office calls the report's statement that there are no "national monuments or icons" in New York City "outrageous.](/news/2006/06/1/the-united-states-department-of-homeland-security-reveals-that-it-plans-to-reallocate-anti-terrorism-funding-to-cities-across-the-nation-f.md) _Context: Department of Homeland Security_
9. [ United States Department of Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff appoints Vice Admiral Thad W. Allen, chief of staff of the United States Coast Guard, to direct Hurricane Katrina relief efforts in New Orleans, in place of Federal Emergency Management Agency director Michael D. Brown, who returns to Washington to direct planning for future disaster relief. ](/news/2005/09/9/united-states-department-of-homeland-security-secretary-michael-chertoff-appoints-vice-admiral-thad-w-allen-chief-of-staff-of-the-united.md) _Context: Department of Homeland Security_
10. [ President George W. Bush signs the Homeland Security Act into law. The act creates a new Department of Homeland Security and is the largest government reorganization since the National Security Act of 1947 more than 50 years before.](/news/2002/11/25/president-george-w-bush-signs-the-homeland-security-act-into-law-the-act-creates-a-new-department-of-homeland-security-and-is-the-largest.md) _Context: Department of Homeland Security_
