### [2008-10-26](/news/2008/10/26/index.md)

#  Kadima Party leader and Acting Prime Minister of Israel Tzipi Livni abandons efforts to form a coalition government and calls for early elections. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2008/WORLD/meast/10/26/israel.politics/)

### Related:

1. [Former opposition leader and foreign minister Tzipi Livni quits the Israeli parliament. ](/news/2012/05/1/former-opposition-leader-and-foreign-minister-tzipi-livni-quits-the-israeli-parliament.md) _Context: Israel, Tzipi Livni_
2. [Two attempts in South Africa to arrest former Israeli foreign minister Tzipi Livni for alleged war crimes during the war on Gaza are rejected. ](/news/2011/01/19/two-attempts-in-south-africa-to-arrest-former-israeli-foreign-minister-tzipi-livni-for-alleged-war-crimes-during-the-war-on-gaza-are-rejecte.md) _Context: Israel, Tzipi Livni_
3. [An arrest warrant is sought in South Africa for Israeli Opposition leader, Tzipi Livni, of the Kadima Party, for alleged war crimes committed when she was Foreign Affairs Minister during the 2008-2009 Gaza War. ](/news/2011/01/16/an-arrest-warrant-is-sought-in-south-africa-for-israeli-opposition-leader-tzipi-livni-of-the-kadima-party-for-alleged-war-crimes-committe.md) _Context: Kadima party, Tzipi Livni_
4. [ Israel condemns the issuing of a war crimes arrest warrant in the United Kingdom for former Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni. ](/news/2009/12/15/israel-condemns-the-issuing-of-a-war-crimes-arrest-warrant-in-the-united-kingdom-for-former-foreign-minister-tzipi-livni.md) _Context: Israel, Tzipi Livni_
5. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert officially submits his resignation to President Shimon Peres. Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni begins talks on forming a new government. ](/news/2008/09/21/israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-officially-submits-his-resignation-to-president-shimon-peres-foreign-minister-tzipi-livni-begins-talks.md) _Context: Israel, Tzipi Livni_
6. [ In Israel, the centrist Kadima party forms a coalition government with the left-leaning Labor party. ](/news/2006/04/27/in-israel-the-centrist-kadima-party-forms-a-coalition-government-with-the-left-leaning-labor-party.md) _Context: Israel, governing coalition_
7. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel_
8. [Israel arrests Palestinian lawmaker Khalida Jarrar over allegations of her inciting of violence. ](/news/2017/07/2/israel-arrests-palestinian-lawmaker-khalida-jarrar-over-allegations-of-her-inciting-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel_
9. [Avi Gabbay, former minister of environmental protection in Benyamin Netanyahu's government, wins an upset victory in the primaries of the Israeli Labor Party, thus becoming leader of the opposition. ](/news/2017/07/10/avi-gabbay-former-minister-of-environmental-protection-in-benyamin-netanyahu-s-government-wins-an-upset-victory-in-the-primaries-of-the-is.md) _Context: Next Israeli legislative election_
10. [Israel strikes two Syrian Army artillery positions and an ammunition truck in Quneitra Governorate, after stray shells from Syria land in the northern Golan Heights for a second day in a row. ](/news/2017/06/25/israel-strikes-two-syrian-army-artillery-positions-and-an-ammunition-truck-in-quneitra-governorate-after-stray-shells-from-syria-land-in-th.md) _Context: Israel_
