### [2009-03-17](/news/2009/03/17/index.md)

#  Saint Patrick's Day: United States President Barack Obama meets Irish Taoiseach Brian Cowen and Northern Irish First Minister Peter Robinson and Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness at the White House. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/northern_ireland/7947402.stm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/northern_ireland/7949145.stm)

### Related:

1. [President of the United States Barack Obama meets Taoiseach Brian Cowen at the White House in Washington, D.C., United States. ](/news/2010/03/17/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-taoiseach-brian-cowen-at-the-white-house-in-washington-d-c-united-states.md) _Context: Brian Cowen, Obama, President, Saint Patrick's Day, Taoiseach, U.S., White House_
2. [Taoiseach Brian Cowen departs for the United States ahead of his Saint Patrick's Day engagements with President Barack Obama. ](/news/2010/03/12/taoiseach-brian-cowen-departs-for-the-united-states-ahead-of-his-saint-patrick-s-day-engagements-with-president-barack-obama.md) _Context: Brian Cowen, Obama, President, Saint Patrick's Day, Taoiseach, U.S._
3. [Taoiseach Enda Kenny visits President of the United States Barack Obama at the White House for the annual Saint Patrick's Day festivities. Obama announces he is to visit Ireland in May and is excited at the prospect of visiting the home of his great, great, great, great, great, grandfather in Moneygall. ](/news/2011/03/17/taoiseach-enda-kenny-visits-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-at-the-white-house-for-the-annual-saint-patrick-s-day-festivities-o.md) _Context: Obama, President, Saint Patrick's Day, Taoiseach, White House_
4. [United States federal government shutdown of 2013:U.S. President Barack Obama, the White House Office of Management and Budget, issues a partial shutdown of government agencies after the House and Senate fail to come to an agreement on a spending bill to keep government operations running. ](/news/2013/10/1/united-states-federal-government-shutdown-of-2013-pu-s-president-barack-obama-the-white-house-office-of-management-and-budget-issues-a-pa.md) _Context: Obama, President, U.S., White House_
5. [Shinzo Abe, the Prime Minister of Japan, meets with the President of the United States Barack Obama at the White House to discuss trade, economic, and security issues including North Korea and the Senkaku Islands dispute with China. ](/news/2013/02/22/shinzo-abe-the-prime-minister-of-japan-meets-with-the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-at-the-white-house-to-discuss-trade-eco.md) _Context: Obama, President, U.S., White House_
6. [The President of the United States Barack Obama presents a Medal of Honor, the highest United States military decoration to  Staff Sgt Salvatore Giunta at the White House. ](/news/2010/11/16/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-presents-a-medal-of-honor-the-highest-united-states-military-decoration-to-staff-sgt-salva.md) _Context: Obama, President, U.S., White House_
7. [Middle East:President of the United States Barack Obama meets President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas at the White House in Washington, D.C., United States and promises Palestinians $400 million in US assistance for the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2010/06/9/middle-east-ppresident-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-at-the-white-ho.md) _Context: Obama, President, U.S., White House_
8. [British-Irish Council:The British-Irish Council meets in Guernsey, with those attending including Taoiseach Brian Cowen, Northern Ireland Secretary Owen Paterson, Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson and Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness, the First Ministers of Scotland and Wales, and the Chief Ministers of Guernsey, Jersey and the Isle of Man. ](/news/2010/06/25/britishairish-council-pthe-britishairish-council-meets-in-guernsey-with-those-attending-including-taoiseach-brian-cowen-northern-irela.md) _Context: Brian Cowen, Martin McGuinness, Peter Robinson, Taoiseach_
9. [Taoiseach Brian Cowen begins his state visit to the United States in Chicago, announcing to the world his scheme that will allow senior citizen tourists aged 66 and above to travel free on Iarnrod Eireann in the Republic of Ireland. ](/news/2010/03/13/taoiseach-brian-cowen-begins-his-state-visit-to-the-united-states-in-chicago-announcing-to-the-world-his-scheme-that-will-allow-senior-citi.md) _Context: Brian Cowen, Republic of Ireland, Taoiseach, U.S._
10. [Former Northern Irish First Minister Peter Robinson, leader of the Democratic Unionist Party, tells ''The Sunday Times'' that the conduct of his wife, politician Iris Robinson, with her young lover has led him to shake hands with deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness (Sinn Fein) for the first time. ](/news/2010/01/17/former-northern-irish-first-minister-peter-robinson-leader-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-tells-the-sunday-times-that-the-conduct-of.md) _Context: Martin McGuinness, Northern Ireland, Peter Robinson, deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland_
