### [2016-06-19](/news/2016/06/19/index.md)

# In basketball, the Cleveland Cavaliers beat the Golden State Warriors in seven games to win the 2016 NBA Championship. Cleveland, winning its first NBA title in the franchise's 45-year history, also became the first NBA team to rally from a 3-1 deficit and win the crown. Tonight's victory also ends the 52-year title drought of Cleveland's major sports teams; in 1964, the Cleveland Browns shut out the Baltimore Colts for the NFL title. Cleveland's LeBron James is unanimously voted the Most Valuable Player of the NBA Finals, his third such award. 

Minute-by-minute report: The Cavaliers ended their long wait for a title with victory over the Warriors in Game 7


### Source:

1. [ESPN](http://espn.go.com/nba/playoffs/2016/story/_/id/16351029/lebron-james-cleveland-cavaliers-named-unanimous-nba-finals-mvp)
2. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/sport/live/2016/jun/19/golden-state-warriors-cleveland-cavaliers-nba-finals-game-7-live-score)
3. [Ohio.com](http://www.ohio.com/blogs/cleveland-cavaliers/cleveland-cavaliers-1.275356/cavs-win-first-nba-championship-lebron-james-named-mvp-in-93-89-win-over-warriors-1.691628)

### Related:

1. [In basketball, the Golden State Warriors defeat the Cleveland Cavaliers 105-97 in Game 6 to secure their first title since 1975. Andre Iguodala is named the series MVP.  ](/news/2015/06/16/in-basketball-the-golden-state-warriors-defeat-the-cleveland-cavaliers-105-97-in-game-6-to-secure-their-first-title-since-1975-andre-iguod.md) _Context: Cleveland Cavaliers, Golden State Warriors, Most Valuable Player of the NBA Finals, basketball_
2. [ The Cleveland Cavaliers defeated the Golden State Warriors in Game 6 of the NBA finals 115-101, forcing a Game 7 which will be held in Oakland, California on June 19.](/news/2016/06/16/the-cleveland-cavaliers-defeated-the-golden-state-warriors-in-game-6-of-the-nba-finals-115a101-forcing-a-game-7-which-will-be-held-in-oa.md) _Context: 2016 NBA Championship, Cleveland Cavaliers, Golden State Warriors_
3. [In basketball, the Miami Heat defeat the San Antonio Spurs to win the NBA Finals 4-3, successfully defending their title from last season. Season MVP LeBron James is named Finals MVP for the second straight year. ](/news/2013/06/20/in-basketball-the-miami-heat-defeat-the-san-antonio-spurs-to-win-the-nba-finals-4a3-successfully-defending-their-title-from-last-season.md) _Context: LeBron James, Most Valuable Player of the NBA Finals, basketball_
4. [In American basketball, the Miami Heat wins the 2012 NBA Finals defeating the Oklahoma City Thunder four games to one. LeBron James wins the NBA Finals MVP award. ](/news/2012/06/21/in-american-basketball-the-miami-heat-wins-the-2012-nba-finals-defeating-the-oklahoma-city-thunder-four-games-to-one-lebron-james-wins-the.md) _Context: LeBron James, Most Valuable Player of the NBA Finals, basketball_
5. [In basketball, the visiting Boston Celtics defeat the Golden State Warriors, snapping the Warrior's 14-month, 54-game home win streak which leaves the San Antonio Spurs with the only undefeated home record this season. ](/news/2016/04/2/in-basketball-the-visiting-boston-celtics-defeat-the-golden-state-warriors-snapping-the-warrior-s-14-month-54-game-home-win-streak-which.md) _Context: Golden State Warriors, basketball_
6. [In basketball, Stephen Curry of the Golden State Warriors is named as Most Valuable Player of the North American National Basketball Association for the 2014-15 NBA season. ](/news/2015/05/4/in-basketball-stephen-curry-of-the-golden-state-warriors-is-named-as-most-valuable-player-of-the-north-american-national-basketball-associa.md) _Context: Golden State Warriors, basketball_
7. [Four-time NBA MVP LeBron James, who opted out of the final two years of his contract with the Miami Heat, announces that he will return to the Cleveland Cavaliers, where he played for the first seven seasons of his NBA career. ](/news/2014/07/11/four-time-nba-mvp-lebron-james-who-opted-out-of-the-final-two-years-of-his-contract-with-the-miami-heat-announces-that-he-will-return-to-t.md) _Context: Cleveland Cavaliers, LeBron James_
8. [In North American basketball, the National Basketball Association holds its annual draft in the Barclays Center in Brooklyn with the Cleveland Cavaliers selecting Canadian Andrew Wiggins as the first pick. ](/news/2014/06/26/in-north-american-basketball-the-national-basketball-association-holds-its-annual-draft-in-the-barclays-center-in-brooklyn-with-the-clevela.md) _Context: Cleveland Cavaliers, basketball_
9. [In basketball, David Blatt, who coached Maccabi Tel Aviv to the Euroleague title this past season, has reportedly reached a deal to become the new head coach of the Cleveland Cavaliers. Blatt is the first Euroleague coach to become an NBA head coach. ](/news/2014/06/20/in-basketball-david-blatt-who-coached-maccabi-tel-aviv-to-the-euroleague-title-this-past-season-has-reportedly-reached-a-deal-to-become-t.md) _Context: Cleveland Cavaliers, basketball_
10. [In basketball, the Cleveland Cavaliers win the NBA Draft Lottery for number one pick in the 2013 NBA Draft. ](/news/2013/05/21/in-basketball-the-cleveland-cavaliers-win-the-nba-draft-lottery-for-number-one-pick-in-the-2013-nba-draft.md) _Context: Cleveland Cavaliers, basketball_
