### [2016-06-19](/news/2016/06/19/index.md)

# Over 50,000 people protest in Okinawa capital Naha against U.S. military presence on the Japanese island, spurred on by last month's arrest of an U.S. Marine veteran, civilian contractor for the rape and killing of a 20-year-old local woman. 

TOKYO (AP) — Tens of thousands of people on the Japanese island of Okinawa protested Sunday against the presence of U.S. military bases there, many wearing black to mourn the rape and killing of a local woman in which…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/3b90c2d7835e417a85d0bbae70316e5b/massive-protest-okinawa-opposes-us-military-after-killing)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-japan-usa-okinawa-idUSKCN0Z5056)
3. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2016/05/20/outrage-in-japan-as-american-arrested-in-connection-with-death-of-woman-on-okinawa/)

### Related:

1. [ The United States military says it will shortly return 4,000 hectares of its Okinawa military installation, 17 percent of the area it controls, to the Japanese government. ](/news/2016/07/29/the-united-states-military-says-it-will-shortly-return-4-000-hectares-of-its-okinawa-military-installation-17-percent-of-the-area-it-contr.md) _Context: Japan, Japan-United States relations, Okinawa_
2. [Okinawa Governor Takeshi Onaga says he "cannot comply with the recommendation" from Tokyo's Land Minister Keiichi Ishii, and will not retract his revocation of a U.S. military base relocation permit. ](/news/2015/11/6/okinawa-governor-takeshi-onaga-says-he-cannot-comply-with-the-recommendation-from-tokyo-s-land-minister-keiichi-ishii-and-will-not-retrac.md) _Context: Japan, Japan-United States relations, Okinawa_
3. [Voters in Okinawa Prefecture, Japan, go to the polls for the gubernatorial election with anti-US base governor Hirokazu Nakaima reelected. ](/news/2010/11/28/voters-in-okinawa-prefecture-japan-go-to-the-polls-for-the-gubernatorial-election-with-anti-us-base-governor-hirokazu-nakaima-reelected.md) _Context: Japan, Okinawa, U.S._
4. [North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-that-flies-620-miles-horizontally-in-about-45-minutes-landing-in-the-sea-of-japa.md) _Context: Japan, U.S._
5. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: Japan, U.S._
6. [Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe makes a landmark visit to Naval Station Pearl Harbor in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, offering "sincere and everlasting condolences" to the victims of the attack on Pearl Harbor by the Japanese empire on December 7, 1941. ](/news/2016/12/27/japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-makes-a-landmark-visit-to-naval-station-pearl-harbor-in-pearl-harbor-hawaii-offering-sincere-and-ever.md) _Context: Japan, Japan-United States relations_
7. [The Obama administration agrees to have the United States Armed Forces assist Japan on conducting joint patrols in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/09/16/the-obama-administration-agrees-to-have-the-united-states-armed-forces-assist-japan-on-conducting-joint-patrols-in-the-south-china-sea.md) _Context: Japan, Japan-United States relations_
8. [Amid growing concern about North Korea's ballistic missile capability, South Korea, Japan and the U.S. are to hold their first ever joint anti-missile exercise next month, according to South Korea's Ministry of National Defense. The three countries will practice "detecting and tracing a hypothetical North Korean missile," said a ministry official. ](/news/2016/05/17/amid-growing-concern-about-north-korea-s-ballistic-missile-capability-south-korea-japan-and-the-u-s-are-to-hold-their-first-ever-joint-an.md) _Context: Japan, U.S._
9. [Thousands protest outside the Japanese parliament in Tokyo against the relocation of a U.S. military base on Okinawa Island. Residents cite noise, pollution, and crime as reasons for not wanting a new base built. ](/news/2016/02/21/thousands-protest-outside-the-japanese-parliament-in-tokyo-against-the-relocation-of-a-u-s-military-base-on-okinawa-island-residents-cite.md) _Context: Japan, Japan-United States relations_
10. [Japan's prime minister Shinzo Abe says he is considering sending Japanese Navy warships to the South China Sea to back-up U.S. naval operations, saying, "With regard to activity by the Self-Defense Forces in the South China Sea, I will consider it while focusing on what effect the situation has on Japan's security." In response, China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson, Hong Lei, told Chinese state media that China will remain on "high alert for intervention by Japan in the South China Sea issue". ](/news/2015/11/21/japan-s-prime-minister-shinza-abe-says-he-is-considering-sending-japanese-navy-warships-to-the-south-china-sea-to-back-up-u-s-naval-operat.md) _Context: Japan, U.S._
