### [2006-06-16](/news/2006/06/16/index.md)

#  Israeli air strike near Gaza kills one Islamic Jihad militant and wounds two others, reportedly on their way to launch Qassam rockets. No civilians were hurt in the strike. More than a hundred Qassam rockets were launched against Israeli towns in the past week, six of them on Friday. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2006/WORLD/meast/06/16/gaza.strike/index.html)
2. [Israeli MFA](http://www.mfa.gov.il/MFA/Terrorism-+Obstacle+to+Peace/Terrorism+and+Islamic+Fundamentalism-/IDF+aerial+attack+against+terror+cell+en+route+to+launch+Katyushas+13-Jun-2006.htm)

### Related:

1. [At least 100 rockets have been fired from Gaza into southern Israel over the last 3 days, with the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine claiming responsibility. The IDF responded by shelling two alleged PIJ targets. ](/news/2014/03/13/at-least-100-rockets-have-been-fired-from-gaza-into-southern-israel-over-the-last-3-days-with-the-islamic-jihad-movement-in-palestine-claim.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
2. [Israeli air strikes kill at least 20 Palestinians in the Gaza Strip including Islamic Jihad members, while over 130 rockets are fired towards Israel injuring several, amid ceasefire talks in Egypt. ](/news/2012/11/19/israeli-air-strikes-kill-at-least-20-palestinians-in-the-gaza-strip-including-islamic-jihad-members-while-over-130-rockets-are-fired-toward.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
3. [Palestinian militants fire a barrage of rockets into southern Israel following an Israel Air Force strike that killed two Islamic Jihad gunmen; IAF strikes at militant targets in Gaza have killed six Palestinians since yesterday. ](/news/2012/06/19/palestinian-militants-fire-a-barrage-of-rockets-into-southern-israel-following-an-israel-air-force-strike-that-killed-two-islamic-jihad-gunm.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
4. [Gaza-Israel clashes continue as Palestinian militants fire more Qassam rockets into Israel overnight. 2 people are killed, including a militant, and 25 are injured during Israeli Air Force strikes on the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2012/03/12/gaza-israel-clashes-continue-as-palestinian-militants-fire-more-qassam-rockets-into-israel-overnight-2-people-are-killed-including-a-milit.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Qassam rocket_
5. [Islamic Jihad militants in the Gaza Strip fire ten mortars at the Eshkol, Sha'ar Hanegev region, and Grad rockets at the Israeli cities of Ashkelon and Beersheba; one person is injured in Beersheba. ](/news/2011/03/23/islamic-jihad-militants-in-the-gaza-strip-fire-ten-mortars-at-the-eshkol-sha-ar-hanegev-region-and-grad-rockets-at-the-israeli-cities-of-a.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
6. [An Islamic Jihad terrorist is killed when three men who approached an Israeli security fence from the Gaza Strip are fired upon by Israel Defense Forces tanks. ](/news/2010/10/27/an-islamic-jihad-terrorist-is-killed-when-three-men-who-approached-an-israeli-security-fence-from-the-gaza-strip-are-fired-upon-by-israel-de.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
7. [Three Palestinians said to be members of the Islamic Jihad group are killed in an Israeli air strike on the southern part of the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2010/09/27/three-palestinians-said-to-be-members-of-the-islamic-jihad-group-are-killed-in-an-israeli-air-strike-on-the-southern-part-of-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
8. [Hamas militants fire two Qassam rockets and mortar rounds into Israel from the Gaza Strip. Israeli aircraft then bombed a smuggling tunnel under the Gaza Strip's border with Egypt.](/news/2010/09/15/hamas-militants-fire-two-qassam-rockets-and-mortar-rounds-into-israel-from-the-gaza-strip-israeli-aircraft-then-bombed-a-smuggling-tunnel-u.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Qassam rocket_
9. [Israel Defense Forces jets attack targets in the Gaza Strip following a Qassam rocket fired at the Negev in Israel on Saturday night. ](/news/2010/08/1/israel-defense-forces-jets-attack-targets-in-the-gaza-strip-following-a-qassam-rocket-fired-at-the-negev-in-israel-on-saturday-night.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Qassam rocket_
10. [Two Palestinian militants of the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine are killed and another six wounded by Israeli shelling as they approached the Gaza Strip-Israel border near Beit Hanoun. A ten-year-old girl is also wounded. ](/news/2010/07/21/two-palestinian-militants-of-the-islamic-jihad-movement-in-palestine-are-killed-and-another-six-wounded-by-israeli-shelling-as-they-approach.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
