### [2002-11-6](/news/2002/11/6/index.md)

# Anti-Semitism: With approval of official state censors, Egyptian television broadcast the first episode of a miniseries, "Horseman Without a Horse", based upon the debunked "Protocols of the Elders of Zion". It airs at the hour that Egyptian families gather together to break their fast during the fasting month of Ramadan.




### Related:

1. [Muslims celebrate Eid ul-Fitr marking the end of Ramadan, the month of fasting. In Indonesia, however, the government rules that the end of Ramadan should be delayed one day. ](/news/2011/08/30/muslims-celebrate-eid-ul-fitr-marking-the-end-of-ramadan-the-month-of-fasting-in-indonesia-however-the-government-rules-that-the-end-of.md) _Context: Ramadan, fasting_
2. [Millions of Muslims begin the holy month of Ramadan in which they are required to fast between sunrise and sunset. ](/news/2010/08/11/millions-of-muslims-begin-the-holy-month-of-ramadan-in-which-they-are-required-to-fast-between-sunrise-and-sunset.md) _Context: Ramadan, fasting_
3. [ At least 10 people are killed and 15 wounded in a suicide bombing outside a Baghdad bakery as residents prepared to break their Ramadan fast. ](/news/2007/09/15/at-least-10-people-are-killed-and-15-wounded-in-a-suicide-bombing-outside-a-baghdad-bakery-as-residents-prepared-to-break-their-ramadan-fas.md) _Context: Ramadan, fasting_
4. [Anti-Semitism: Harvard University canceled an invitation to Irish poet and Oxford University lecturer Tom Paulin after some statements attributed to him in an article in an Egyptian newspaper, al-Ahram, were labelled anti-Jewish by university officials. Paulin is quoted (amongst other things) as saying that American Jewish settlers in Israel should be "shot dead.&nbsp;... I think they are Nazis, racists. I feel nothing but hatred for them." He is also quoted as saying that he understands "how suicide bombers feel", and recommends that Palestinians take up guerrilla warfare against civilians in order to create a sense of solidarity.](/news/2002/11/12/anti-semitism-harvard-university-canceled-an-invitation-to-irish-poet-and-oxford-university-lecturer-tom-paulin-after-some-statements-attri.md) _Context: Egypt, anti-Semitism_
5. [Alexandria train collision. Two trains collide in Alexandria, Egypt, killing at least 41 people and injuring at least 179. ](/news/2017/08/11/alexandria-train-collision-two-trains-collide-in-alexandria-egypt-killing-at-least-41-people-and-injuring-at-least-179.md) _Context: Egypt_
6. [2017 Qatar crisis. Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/2017-qatar-crisis-qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt.md) _Context: Egypt_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 2017 Temple Mount crisis. Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.. Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey. Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.. 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.. United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.. Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-. ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Egypt_
8. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis. Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognize.md) _Context: Egypt_
9. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis. The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab.md) _Context: Egypt_
10. [2017 Minya attack. Gunmen open fire on buses carrying Coptic Christians in Minya Governorate, Egypt, killing at least 28 people and injuring dozens more. ](/news/2017/05/26/2017-minya-attack-gunmen-open-fire-on-buses-carrying-coptic-christians-in-minya-governorate-egypt-killing-at-least-28-people-and-injuring.md) _Context: Egypt_
