### [2002-11-6](/news/2002/11/6/index.md)

# Anti-Semitism: With approval of official state censors, Egyptian television broadcast the first episode of a miniseries, ''Horseman Without a Horse'', based upon the debunked ''Protocols of the Elders of Zion''. It airs at the hour that Egyptian families gather together to break their fast during the fasting month of Ramadan.




### Related:

1. [Muslims celebrate Eid ul-Fitr marking the end of Ramadan, the month of fasting. In Indonesia, however, the government rules that the end of Ramadan should be delayed one day. ](/news/2011/08/30/muslims-celebrate-eid-ul-fitr-marking-the-end-of-ramadan-the-month-of-fasting-in-indonesia-however-the-government-rules-that-the-end-of.md) _Context: Ramadan, fasting_
2. [Millions of Muslims begin the holy month of Ramadan in which they are required to fast between sunrise and sunset. ](/news/2010/08/11/millions-of-muslims-begin-the-holy-month-of-ramadan-in-which-they-are-required-to-fast-between-sunrise-and-sunset.md) _Context: Ramadan, fasting_
3. [ At least 10 people are killed and 15 wounded in a suicide bombing outside a Baghdad bakery as residents prepared to break their Ramadan fast. ](/news/2007/09/15/at-least-10-people-are-killed-and-15-wounded-in-a-suicide-bombing-outside-a-baghdad-bakery-as-residents-prepared-to-break-their-ramadan-fas.md) _Context: Ramadan, fasting_
4. [Anti-Semitism: Harvard University canceled an invitation to Irish poet and Oxford University lecturer Tom Paulin after some statements attributed to him in an article in an Egyptian newspaper, al-Ahram, were labelled anti-Jewish by university officials. Paulin is quoted (amongst other things) as saying that American Jewish settlers in Israel should be "shot dead.&nbsp;... I think they are Nazis, racists. I feel nothing but hatred for them." He is also quoted as saying that he understands "how suicide bombers feel", and recommends that Palestinians take up guerrilla warfare against civilians in order to create a sense of solidarity.](/news/2002/11/12/anti-semitism-harvard-university-canceled-an-invitation-to-irish-poet-and-oxford-university-lecturer-tom-paulin-after-some-statements-attri.md) _Context: Egypt, anti-Semitism_
5. [Gunmen open fire on buses carrying Coptic Christians in Minya Governorate, Egypt, killing at least 28 people and injuring dozens more. ](/news/2017/05/26/gunmen-open-fire-on-buses-carrying-coptic-christians-in-minya-governorate-egypt-killing-at-least-28-people-and-injuring-dozens-more.md) _Context: Egypt_
6. [At least 45 people have been killed and 50 injured in explosions near two Coptic Christian churches packed with worshippers on Palm Sunday in the Egyptian cities of Tanta and Alexandria. ](/news/2017/04/9/at-least-45-people-have-been-killed-and-50-injured-in-explosions-near-two-coptic-christian-churches-packed-with-worshippers-on-palm-sunday-i.md) _Context: Egypt_
7. [An Egyptian excavation team discovers the remains of a pyramid dating back 3,700 years to the thirteenth Dynasty of Egypt at the Dahshur necropolis 40km south of Cairo. ](/news/2017/04/3/an-egyptian-excavation-team-discovers-the-remains-of-a-pyramid-dating-back-3-700-years-to-the-thirteenth-dynasty-of-egypt-at-the-dahshur-nec.md) _Context: Egypt_
8. [The Egyptian Ministry of Antiquities announces the discovery of   eight mummies, 10 colorful sarcophagi, and numerous figurines in  a 3,500-year-old tomb near the Valley of the Kings in Luxor. ](/news/2017/04/18/the-egyptian-ministry-of-antiquities-announces-the-discovery-of-eight-mummies-10-colorful-sarcophagi-and-numerous-figurines-in-a-3-500.md) _Context: Egypt_
9. [An airstrike hits a tunnel in the Gaza Strip near the Egyptian border, killing at least two people and injuring five more. It is unclear who launched the airstrike. ](/news/2017/02/9/an-airstrike-hits-a-tunnel-in-the-gaza-strip-near-the-egyptian-border-killing-at-least-two-people-and-injuring-five-more-it-is-unclear-who.md) _Context: Egypt_
10. [ Six policemen are killed in a bomb explosion at a checkpoint in Cairo, Egypt. The Hasm Movement claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/12/9/six-policemen-are-killed-in-a-bomb-explosion-at-a-checkpoint-in-cairo-egypt-the-hasm-movement-claims-responsibility-for-the-attack.md) _Context: Egypt_
