### [2012-12-14](/news/2012/12/14/index.md)

# Hundreds of thousands of North Koreans celebrate the successful launch of the Kwangmyongsong-3 Unit 2 satellite in Pyongyang's Kim Il-Sung Square. 

Hundreds of thousands of North Korean soldiers and civilians have rallied in the centre of Pyongyang for a mass celebration of the country&#039;s long-range rocket launch, state television showed.


### Source:

1. [AFP via SBS News](http://www.sbs.com.au/news/article/1720653/North-Korea-celebrates-rocket-launch)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.sbs.com.au/news/sites/sbs.com.au.news/files/images/6/9/6909_north-korea-rocket-jongun-aap-121214-b.jpg)

### Related:

1. [North Korea's first satellite successfully put into orbit, Kwangmyongsong-3 Unit 2, appears to be spinning out of control, according to U.S. officials. South Korean sources later deny the report, saying the satellite appears to be orbiting Earth normally. ](/news/2012/12/13/north-korea-s-first-satellite-successfully-put-into-orbit-kwangmyangsang-3-unit-2-appears-to-be-spinning-out-of-control-according-to-u.md) _Context: North Korea, released an object into orbit, rocket launch_
2. [In his first public speech, North Korean leader Kim Jong-un calls for a push towards "final victory" at a ceremony in Kim Il-sung Square in the capital Pyongyang. ](/news/2012/04/15/in-his-first-public-speech-north-korean-leader-kim-jong-un-calls-for-a-push-towards-final-victory-at-a-ceremony-in-kim-il-sung-square-in.md) _Context: Kim Il-Sung Square, North Korea, Pyongyang_
3. [Air China suspends all flights to North Korea's capital Pyongyang amid rising tensions between North Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/04/14/air-china-suspends-all-flights-to-north-korea-s-capital-pyongyang-amid-rising-tensions-between-north-korea-and-the-united-states.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
4. [ North Korea accuses South Korea of kidnapping its citizens and demands their immediate return after Seoul's Ministry of Unification said 13 of them had defected to South Korea from China, where they worked in a Pyongyang-operated restaurant. China says that the 13 people, a male manager and 12 young female employees, had legitimate passports and had freely exited China. ](/news/2016/04/12/north-korea-accuses-south-korea-of-kidnapping-its-citizens-and-demands-their-immediate-return-after-seoul-s-ministry-of-unification-said-13.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
5. [North Korea threatens a pre-emptive nuclear strike against South Korea and the United States in response to the two nations' annual joint military exercise which Pyongyang considers is a pretext for an invasion. ](/news/2016/03/6/north-korea-threatens-a-pre-emptive-nuclear-strike-against-south-korea-and-the-united-states-in-response-to-the-two-nations-annual-joint-mi.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
6. [The Philippines impounds a North Korean cargo ship in line with new UN sanctions on North Korea in response to Pyongyang's recent nuclear test and missile launch. Presidential spokesman, Manolo Quezon, said the 6,830-tonne cargo ship would not be allowed to leave the Port of Subic, Luzon, where it has been docked for three days, and that its crew would be deported. ](/news/2016/03/5/the-philippines-impounds-a-north-korean-cargo-ship-in-line-with-new-un-sanctions-on-north-korea-in-response-to-pyongyang-s-recent-nuclear-te.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
7. [North Korea launches a long range rocket that critics claim is a test of banned technology for a long range missile that could hit the United States. South Korea's military says the rocket released an object into orbit. ](/news/2016/02/7/north-korea-launches-a-long-range-rocket-that-critics-claim-is-a-test-of-banned-technology-for-a-long-range-missile-that-could-hit-the-unite.md) _Context: North Korea, released an object into orbit_
8. [North Korea's all-female Moranbong Band, which was formed by leader Kim Jong-un, surprisingly cancels tonight's concert at Beijing's National Centre for the Performing Arts, and two others and returns to Pyongyang. Rumors for the sudden change abound, but no reason has been given. The sudden cancellation could hurt Chinese-North Korean relations, cooler since between Kim assumed power in 2011. ](/news/2015/12/12/north-korea-s-all-female-moranbong-band-which-was-formed-by-leader-kim-jong-un-surprisingly-cancels-tonight-s-concert-at-beijing-s-nationa.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
9. [North Korea holds a massive military parade in its capital, Pyongyang, to celebrate the 70th anniversary of Workers' Party of Korea rule in the country. Liu Yunshan, the highest-ranking Chinese official to visit North Korea in three years, attends the parade. ](/news/2015/10/10/north-korea-holds-a-massive-military-parade-in-its-capital-pyongyang-to-celebrate-the-70th-anniversary-of-workers-party-of-korea-rule-in.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
10. [An apartment building collapses in Pyongyang, North Korea, with casualties estimated to be in the hundreds. ](/news/2014/05/19/an-apartment-building-collapses-in-pyongyang-north-korea-with-casualties-estimated-to-be-in-the-hundreds.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
