### [2012-12-14](/news/2012/12/14/index.md)

# Thirteen areas of south-west England and Wales have been warned of possible floods as the United Kingdom prepares for heavy rain. 

Britain is again on flood alert today as high winds and heavy rainfall begin to sweep in from the South West. The Environment Agency has warned residents who have recently recovered from last month&amp;#39;s widespread flooding to prepare for a combination of heavy rain and storm surges. 


### Source:

1. [ITV News](http://www.itv.com/news/update/2012-12-14/uk-on-flood-alert-ahead-of-heavy-rain/)

### Related:

1. [2016-17 UK and Ireland windstorm season: The Met Office issues travel warnings for parts of Wales, Scotland and England as Storm Doris, described as a -weather bomb-, brings gales, heavy rain and snow to the United Kingdom. At least one person is killed. ](/news/2017/02/23/2016-17-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-the-met-office-issues-travel-warnings-for-parts-of-wales-scotland-and-england-as-storm-doris-de.md) _Context: Britain, England, Wales_
2. [Alan Turing law: The United Kingdom posthumously pardons around 49,000 gay and bisexual men found guilty of decades-old sodomy laws in England and Wales. Those still living can apply for a statutory pardon. ](/news/2017/01/31/alan-turing-law-the-united-kingdom-posthumously-pardons-around-49-000-gay-and-bisexual-men-found-guilty-of-decades-old-sodomy-laws-in-engla.md) _Context: Britain, England, Wales_
3. [Tata Steel is to cut 1,050 jobs in the United Kingdom, with the majority going in South Wales. The Indian multinational steel-making company announced there will be 750 job losses at its Port Talbot Steelworks in Port Talbot, Wales while another 300 jobs will go at its plants in Corby and Hartlepool in England. ](/news/2016/01/18/tata-steel-is-to-cut-1-050-jobs-in-the-united-kingdom-with-the-majority-going-in-south-wales-the-indian-multinational-steel-making-company.md) _Context: Britain, England, Wales_
4. [United Kingdom - Sarah's Law, a scheme which allows parents to check if someone with access to their children is a sex offender, will be extended to cover the whole of England and Wales by Spring 2011 after proving successful in four pilot areas. ](/news/2010/08/1/united-kingdom-sarah-s-law-a-scheme-which-allows-parents-to-check-if-someone-with-access-to-their-children-is-a-sex-offender-will-be-ext.md) _Context: Britain, England, Wales_
5. [ 2007 North Sea flood: The Environment Agency of England and Wales issues eight severe flood warnings for eastern England with residents ordered to evacuate from 7,500 homes in Great Yarmouth. ](/news/2007/11/9/2007-north-sea-flood-the-environment-agency-of-england-and-wales-issues-eight-severe-flood-warnings-for-eastern-england-with-residents-ord.md) _Context: England, Wales, flood_
6. [ Gordon Brown, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, holds an Emergency Cabinet meeting to discuss floods with the British Army called in to help in the worst affected areas of England and Wales. ](/news/2007/07/22/gordon-brown-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-holds-an-emergency-cabinet-meeting-to-discuss-floods-with-the-british-army-called-i.md) _Context: England, Wales, flood_
7. [Thousands, including some from Australia, protest in London, England, against the renewal of the United Kingdom's Trident nuclear deterrent system, the largest anti-nuclear rally since 1983. Leader of the Labour Party Jeremy Corbyn, Scottish National Party leader and First Minister of Scotland Nicola Sturgeon, the Welsh Plaid Cymru Party, and the Green Party participated in the march. A parliamentary vote on renewing Trident is expected this year. ](/news/2016/02/27/thousands-including-some-from-australia-protest-in-london-england-against-the-renewal-of-the-united-kingdom-s-trident-nuclear-deterrent.md) _Context: England, Wales_
8. [West Lothian question: The UK House of Commons passes an "English votes for English laws" bill by 312 to 270 votes giving English MPs a greater say over legislation that only applies to England. The bill has been fiercely opposed by the opposition Labour Party and the Scottish National Party. ](/news/2015/10/22/west-lothian-question-the-uk-house-of-commons-passes-an-english-votes-for-english-laws-bill-by-312-to-270-votes-giving-english-mps-a-grea.md) _Context: Britain, England_
9. [The United Kingdom's National Crime Agency arrests a man as a suspected hacker in western England in connection with a June 15, 2014 cyber attack on the messaging service used by employees at the U.S. Department of Defense. ](/news/2015/03/6/the-united-kingdom-s-national-crime-agency-arrests-a-man-as-a-suspected-hacker-in-western-england-in-connection-with-a-june-15-2014-cyber-a.md) _Context: Britain, England_
10. [Large areas of England and Wales are under flood warnings as another storm arrives. The Somerset Levels are the worst affected area. ](/news/2014/02/8/large-areas-of-england-and-wales-are-under-flood-warnings-as-another-storm-arrives-the-somerset-levels-are-the-worst-affected-area.md) _Context: England, Wales_
