### [2013-02-14](/news/2013/02/14/index.md)

# German authorities find horse meat in lasagne sold in Germany, as in Italy further tests will be conducted soon. 

Germany is the latest country to report horsemeat DNA in processed beef, as authorities across the EU are told to conduct tests.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-21466074)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-21464052)
3. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-21456388)
4. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2013/02/14/world/europe/uk-horse-meat-probe)
4. [Cover Image](https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/65883000/jpg/_65883240_minceafp.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-berlin-to-discuss-the-consequences-of-the-united-kin.md) _Context: Germany, Italy_
2. [Austria plans to deploy soldiers on its border with Italy to stem an expected increase in migrants trying to get to northern Europe, according to Austrian Defence Minister Hans Peter Doskozil. "As the EU's external borders are not yet effectively protected, Austria will soon ramp up strict border controls. That means massive border controls on the Brenner Pass, and with soldiers," Doskozil told German daily newspaper "Die Welt". ](/news/2016/04/2/austria-plans-to-deploy-soldiers-on-its-border-with-italy-to-stem-an-expected-increase-in-migrants-trying-to-get-to-northern-europe-accordi.md) _Context: Germany, Italy_
3. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Germany, Italy_
4. [More than a dozen alleged ISIS-linked, terrorist members of Rawti Shax, a European offshoot of the Iraqi Kurdish jihadist network Ansar al-Islam, are arrested in a coordinated, multi-nation sweep by police across Europe. The operation dismantled an integrated cell in Italy, the United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, and Germany. The group is accused of radicalizing fighters, planning attacks targeting Norwegian and British diplomats in the Middle East, and planning to establish a caliphate in Iraq's Kurdistan region. ](/news/2015/11/12/more-than-a-dozen-alleged-isis-linked-terrorist-members-of-rawti-shax-a-european-offshoot-of-the-iraqi-kurdish-jihadist-network-ansar-al-i.md) _Context: Germany, Italy_
5. [The Italian Coast Guard states that at least 17 people have died and 4,200 have been rescued in the Mediterranean Sea attempting to travel to Europe in the past 24 hours. Ships from nations including Italy, Republic of Ireland, Germany, Belgium and the United Kingdom have been involved in rescue efforts. ](/news/2015/05/30/the-italian-coast-guard-states-that-at-least-17-people-have-died-and-4-200-have-been-rescued-in-the-mediterranean-sea-attempting-to-travel-t.md) _Context: Germany, Italy_
6. [The Eurozone records its sixth straight quarter of recession with France, Italy and Spain all recording negative growth and Germany growing weakly. ](/news/2013/05/15/the-eurozone-records-its-sixth-straight-quarter-of-recession-with-france-italy-and-spain-all-recording-negative-growth-and-germany-growing.md) _Context: Germany, Italy_
7. [Frozen food manufacturer Findus withdraws its beef lasagne ready meals after tests showed the product contained horse meat. ](/news/2013/02/7/frozen-food-manufacturer-findus-withdraws-its-beef-lasagne-ready-meals-after-tests-showed-the-product-contained-horse-meat.md) _Context: horses for meat, lasagne_
8. [Food giant Nestl removes its beef pasta meals from supermarkets in France, Spain, and Italy, after tests confirmed that the product contained horse meat. ](/news/2013/02/18/food-giant-nestle-removes-its-beef-pasta-meals-from-supermarkets-in-france-spain-and-italy-after-tests-confirmed-that-the-product-contain.md) _Context: Italy, horses for meat_
9. [Angela Merkel, Chancellor of Germany, reaffirms that country's support for the euro in a joint press conference with the Prime Minister of Italy, Silvio Berlusconi. ](/news/2011/01/12/angela-merkel-chancellor-of-germany-reaffirms-that-country-s-support-for-the-euro-in-a-joint-press-conference-with-the-prime-minister-of-i.md) _Context: Germany, Italy_
10. [From Oscar-winning blockbusters to low-budget art-house and documentary films, the 13th Shanghai International Film Festival screens films for everyone. It will feature a retrospective of films by Woody Allen and John Woo, classic movies from Japan, Canada, Germany, Italy and Ireland, as well as new Chinese cinema. ](/news/2010/06/11/from-oscar-winning-blockbusters-to-low-budget-art-house-and-documentary-films-the-13th-shanghai-international-film-festival-screens-films-f.md) _Context: Germany, Italy_
