### [2013-02-14](/news/2013/02/14/index.md)

# Steam for Linux is released, beginning the expansion of Valve's game service onto the free and open-source platform. This leads to 2000 games being ported to the platform in a span of a little over 3 years.




### Related:

1. [ In India, HCL infosystems and Dayanidhi Maran, communications minister, unveil cheap "PC for India" with Linux OS, costing 9990 rupees (equivalent to US$225) ](/news/2005/08/1/in-india-hcl-infosystems-and-dayanidhi-maran-communications-minister-unveil-cheap-pc-for-india-with-linux-os-costing-9990-rupees-equ.md) _Context: Linux_
2. [ Linux kernel 2.6.0 is released by Linus Torvalds.](/news/2003/12/17/linux-kernel-2-6-0-is-released-by-linus-torvalds.md) _Context: Linux_
3. [ "SCO vs IBM": International Business Machines Corp. files new counterclaims against SCO Group Inc. involving the Linux operating system according to a memo sent to the IBM sales force.](/news/2003/09/26/sco-vs-ibm-international-business-machines-corp-files-new-counterclaims-against-sco-group-inc-involving-the-linux-operating-system-acc.md) _Context: Linux_
4. [ Steam, a digital distribution, digital rights management, multiplayer and communications platform developed by Valve Corporation was initially released](/news/2003/09/12/steam-a-digital-distribution-digital-rights-management-multiplayer-and-communications-platform-developed-by-valve-corporation-was-initia.md) _Context: Steam_
5. [ "SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit:" SCO Group announces that it intends to sell binary-only licences to use the free Linux operating system which will remove the threat of litigation from licence-holders. Linux advocates react by stating that SCO has no basis for this action, and that doing this may cause SCO to forfeit their rights under the GNU GPL to use or distribute Linux or Linux-derived code in any form. ](/news/2003/07/21/sco-v-ibm-linux-lawsuit-sco-group-announces-that-it-intends-to-sell-binary-only-licences-to-use-the-free-linux-operating-system-which-w.md) _Context: Linux_
6. [ Linus Torvalds announces that he will take a leave of absence from his job at Transmeta to work full-time at OSDL on the Linux kernel.](/news/2003/06/17/linus-torvalds-announces-that-he-will-take-a-leave-of-absence-from-his-job-at-transmeta-to-work-full-time-at-osdl-on-the-linux-kernel.md) _Context: Linux_
7. [ In the city of Munich (Germany), the SPD and Greens, who have a city hall majority, decide in separate meetings to migrate 14,000 city-owned Windows NT PC workstations to the SUSE Linux operating system. In spite of personal meetings with Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer and substantial rebates offered on a Microsoft solution, Munich now becomes the largest German city to migrate all of its client PCs to Linux. As an office suite, OpenOffice.org will be used.](/news/2003/05/26/in-the-city-of-munich-germany-the-spd-and-greens-who-have-a-city-hall-majority-decide-in-separate-meetings-to-migrate-14-000-city-owne.md) _Context: Linux_
8. [ SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit: Apparently noticing the incongruity of their selling a Linux distribution while suing IBM for stealing their intellectual property and giving it to the developers of that operating system, the SCO Group (formerly Caldera International and Caldera Systems) announces they will no longer distribute Linux. According to their press release, "SCO will continue to support existing SCO Linux and Caldera OpenLinux customers and hold them harmless from any SCO intellectual property issues regarding SCO Linux and Caldera OpenLinux products."](/news/2003/05/14/sco-v-ibm-linux-lawsuit-apparently-noticing-the-incongruity-of-their-selling-a-linux-distribution-while-suing-ibm-for-stealing-their-inte.md) _Context: Linux_
9. [ The SCO Group, formerly Caldera, the current owner of the rights to the Unix operating system, sues IBM for $1 billion for "devaluing" Unix, claiming that IBM employees who signed Non-disclosure agreements worked on the Linux operating system.](/news/2003/03/6/the-sco-group-formerly-caldera-the-current-owner-of-the-rights-to-the-unix-operating-system-sues-ibm-for-1-billion-for-devaluing-unix.md) _Context: Linux_
10. [ Fujitsu releases the HOAP-2, a humanoid robot product running the open standard Linux operating system.](/news/2003/03/28/fujitsu-releases-the-hoap-2-a-humanoid-robot-product-running-the-open-standard-linux-operating-system.md) _Context: Linux_
