### [2013-02-14](/news/2013/02/14/index.md)

# The husband of Savita Halappanavar, the pregnant Indian woman at the centre of Ireland's latest abortion scandal, is reported to be "not in a condition" to respond after a report into her death is leaked to the public before he has a chance to even read it. 

The husband of the late Savita Halappanavar (31) was &ldquo;not in a condition&rdquo; to respond to a leaked copy of a draft HSE report into&hellip;


### Source:

1. [The Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/ireland/2013/0214/1224330015075.html)

### Related:

1. [In his Christmas Day message, Sean Brady, the controversial head of Ireland's Catholic hierarchy, calls upon his flock to continue their opposition to abortion. In the wake of the death of Savita Halappanavar, the Indian dentist recently denied an abortion of her dying foetus by Ireland's conservative laws, the country's government is once again to attempt to legislate for the 1992 X Case in the coming year, with Ireland the only remaining EU state to outlaw the procedure. ](/news/2012/12/25/in-his-christmas-day-message-sea-n-brady-the-controversial-head-of-ireland-s-catholic-hierarchy-calls-upon-his-flock-to-continue-their-op.md) _Context: India, abortion scandal_
2. [Following the recent death of Savita Halappanavar the Irish government is to introduce legislation to clarify the Republic of Ireland's abortion laws, giving doctors clear guidelines on procedures where the mother's life is at risk. ](/news/2012/12/18/following-the-recent-death-of-savita-halappanavar-the-irish-government-is-to-introduce-legislation-to-clarify-the-republic-of-ireland-s-abor.md) _Context: Ireland, abortion scandal_
3. [25th anniversary of Air India Flight 182:Relatives of those killed in Air India Flight 182 gather with diplomats and politicians from Canada, India and Ireland in Cork to mark the 25th anniversary with a memorial service. ](/news/2010/06/23/25th-anniversary-of-air-india-flight-182-prelatives-of-those-killed-in-air-india-flight-182-gather-with-diplomats-and-politicians-from-canad.md) _Context: India, Ireland_
4. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
5. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
6. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
7. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid a stalemate between India and China over Doklam, disputed between the latter and Bhutan, China renews a call for India to withdraw its troops from Doklam. It follows reports claiming China held live firing drills in the region. ''[http://www.arabnews.com/node/1131641/world (Arab News)]''](/news/2017/07/19/amid-a-stalemate-between-india-and-china-over-doklam-disputed-between-the-latter-and-bhutan-china-renews-a-call-for-india-to-withdraw-its.md) _Context: India_
9. [A stalemate between China and India leads to fears that the ongoing stand-off over Doklam in the Himalayas, disputed by Bhutan, may continue into the winter. It comes after rumors that Indian National Security Adviser Ajit Doval may travel to Beijing later this month. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/beijing-wont-have-formal-talks-with-india-stand-off-may-continue-till-winter-chinese-expert/articleshow/59615025.cms (Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/16/a-stalemate-between-china-and-india-leads-to-fears-that-the-ongoing-stand-off-over-doklam-in-the-himalayas-disputed-by-bhutan-may-continue.md) _Context: India_
10. [Visas given to potential entrepreneurs who are foreigners will be significantly reduced prompting fears and criticism from Silicon Valley. Many of those given visas are from India.  ](/news/2017/07/11/visas-given-to-potential-entrepreneurs-who-are-foreigners-will-be-significantly-reduced-prompting-fears-and-criticism-from-silicon-valley-m.md) _Context: India_
