### [2006-05-24](/news/2006/05/24/index.md)

#  The World Health Organization is investigating several bird flu deaths for a possible person-to-person transmission chain. 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/business/newsarticle.aspx?type=tnBusinessNews&storyID=nJAK153112&imageid=&cap=)
1. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [Avian flu virus H5N8 outbreaks are reported in birds in India, Germany, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands, and several other European nations. The World Health Organization advised on 17 November that human infection is possible, but unlikely, based on information available. ](/news/2016/11/26/avian-flu-virus-h5n8-outbreaks-are-reported-in-birds-in-india-germany-finland-ireland-the-netherlands-and-several-other-european-nation.md) _Context: Avian flu virus, World Health Organization_
2. [ WHO warns that there is a potential threat of a bird flu pandemic ](/news/2005/02/23/who-warns-that-there-is-a-potential-threat-of-a-bird-flu-pandemic.md) _Context: Avian flu virus, World Health Organization_
3. [ The director for the western region of the World Health Organization says that an influenza pandemic is inevitable and plans to combat it are needed urgently. (In 1918-20, the Spanish Flu killed up to 40 million people.) The new virus is likely to develop out of avian influenza. ](/news/2004/11/26/the-director-for-the-western-region-of-the-world-health-organization-says-that-an-influenza-pandemic-is-inevitable-and-plans-to-combat-it-a.md) _Context: Avian flu virus, World Health Organization_
4. [ Health officials in Thailand report that they have identified a likely case of human to human transmission of the H5N1 strain of avian influenza, although the World Health Organization says the transmission occurred only after prolonged contact between individuals. A more easily transmitted virus could potentially cause a worldwide flu pandemic on the level of the 1918 Spanish flu. ](/news/2004/09/28/health-officials-in-thailand-report-that-they-have-identified-a-likely-case-of-human-to-human-transmission-of-the-h5n1-strain-of-avian-infl.md) _Context: Avian flu virus, World Health Organization_
5. [ The People's Republic of China puts poultry export bans on three more areas after a World Health Organization warning that the chance of controlling the Avian flu outbreak is slipping. A new SARS case is confirmed in Guangdong province.](/news/2004/01/31/the-people-s-republic-of-china-puts-poultry-export-bans-on-three-more-areas-after-a-world-health-organization-warning-that-the-chance-of-co.md) _Context: Avian flu virus, World Health Organization_
6. [The World Health Organization says that hunger around the world has risen as a result of war and climate change. ](/news/2017/09/15/the-world-health-organization-says-that-hunger-around-the-world-has-risen-as-a-result-of-war-and-climate-change.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
7. [According to the World Health Organization, antibiotic resistance is on the rise in strains of gonorrhoea. It says that there is a need to prevent the spread of these bacteria, recommending usage of condoms and an increase in research and development funding. ](/news/2017/07/7/according-to-the-world-health-organization-antibiotic-resistance-is-on-the-rise-in-strains-of-gonorrhoea-it-says-that-there-is-a-need-to-p.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
8. [The World Health Organization (WHO) elects former Ethopian Foreign Minister and Health Minister Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus as the international organization's new Director-General succeeding Dr. Margaret Chan, who has been in office since 2006. Tedros is the first African Director-General and the first non-medical doctor; he has a PhD in Community Health from the University of Nottingham. ](/news/2017/05/23/the-world-health-organization-who-elects-former-ethopian-foreign-minister-and-health-minister-dr-tedros-adhanom-ghebreyesus-as-the-intern.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
9. [The federal government of Brazil informs the World Health Organization that it is ending its state of emergency concerning the Zika virus, following a 95.3% reduction in cases in early 2017 compared to early 2016. ](/news/2017/05/11/the-federal-government-of-brazil-informs-the-world-health-organization-that-it-is-ending-its-state-of-emergency-concerning-the-zika-virus-f.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
10. [The World Health Organization declares an end to its global health crisis over the spread of the Zika virus as it has been shown to be a dangerous mosquito-borne disease like malaria or yellow fever. ](/news/2016/11/18/the-world-health-organization-declares-an-end-to-its-global-health-crisis-over-the-spread-of-the-zika-virus-as-it-has-been-shown-to-be-a-dan.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
