### [2006-05-24](/news/2006/05/24/index.md)

#  The Kuomintang announces that it plans to cease publishing the "Central Daily News", the oldest Chinese language newspaper in existence, by the end of this month. ([http://www.chinapost.com.tw/taiwan/detail.asp?ID=82855&GRP=B ChinaPost])




### Related:

1. [Taiwanese general election, 2016. Tsai Ing-wen of the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) is elected the first female President of Taiwan. Eric Chu, the ruling Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party) candidate concedes defeat and announced his resignation as party leader. Ms. Tsai vowed to preserve the status quo in relations with China. The DPP supports independence for the island. ](/news/2016/01/16/taiwanese-general-election-2016-tsai-ing-wen-of-the-democratic-progressive-party-dpp-is-elected-the-first-female-president-of-taiwan-er.md) _Context: Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party)_
2. [China's Alibaba Group Holding Limited acquires Hong Kong's largest English-language newspaper, the "South China Morning Post", in a deal reported to be worth about $100 million. ](/news/2015/12/11/china-s-alibaba-group-holding-limited-acquires-hong-kong-s-largest-english-language-newspaper-the-south-china-morning-post-in-a-deal-rep.md) _Context: newspaper_
3. [ The Republic of China (Taiwan) holds a large military parade in Taipei to commemorate World War II in support of its claims that Kuomintang forces led by Chiang Kai-Shek played a leading role in the defeat of the Empire of Japan with the Chinese Communist Party under Mao Tse-Tung playing a minor role. ](/news/2015/07/4/the-republic-of-china-taiwan-holds-a-large-military-parade-in-taipei-to-commemorate-world-war-ii-in-support-of-its-claims-that-kuomintang.md) _Context: Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party)_
4. [Jiang Yi-huah resigns as the Premier of Taiwan as the ruling Kuomintang suffers heavy losses in local government elections. ](/news/2014/11/29/jiang-yi-huah-resigns-as-the-premier-of-taiwan-as-the-ruling-kuomintang-suffers-heavy-losses-in-local-government-elections.md) _Context: Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party)_
5. [Occupy Taiwan Legislature. Protesters storm and occupy the Legislative Yuan in Taiwan due to a unilateral move by the Kuomintang that forces the Cross-Strait Service Trade Agreement to the legislative floor without giving it an item-by-item review. ](/news/2014/03/18/occupy-taiwan-legislature-protesters-storm-and-occupy-the-legislative-yuan-in-taiwan-due-to-a-unilateral-move-by-the-kuomintang-that-forces.md) _Context: Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party)_
6. [Privately owned newspapers go on sale in Myanmar for the first time since 1964. ](/news/2013/04/1/privately-owned-newspapers-go-on-sale-in-myanmar-for-the-first-time-since-1964.md) _Context: newspaper_
7. [A gunman opens fire at a Kuomintang political rally in Taiwan; prominent member Sean Lien is shot in the face. ](/news/2010/11/26/a-gunman-opens-fire-at-a-kuomintang-political-rally-in-taiwan-prominent-member-sean-lien-is-shot-in-the-face.md) _Context: Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party)_
8. [Protests by Tibetan students against a new language policy making Chinese the official teaching language spread in China, with a demonstration taking place at the Minzu University of China in Beijing. ](/news/2010/10/22/protests-by-tibetan-students-against-a-new-language-policy-making-chinese-the-official-teaching-language-spread-in-china-with-a-demonstrati.md) _Context: Chinese_
9. [Taiwan's opposition Democratic Progressive Party wins all three seats in by-elections against the ruling Kuomintang. ](/news/2010/01/9/taiwan-s-opposition-democratic-progressive-party-wins-all-three-seats-in-by-elections-against-the-ruling-kuomintang.md) _Context: Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party)_
10. [The first map in Chinese to show the Americas, created by Matteo Ricci at the request of the Wanli Emperor, goes on public display. ](/news/2010/01/12/the-first-map-in-chinese-to-show-the-americas-created-by-matteo-ricci-at-the-request-of-the-wanli-emperor-goes-on-public-display.md) _Context: Chinese_
