### [2017-07-25](/news/2017/07/25/index.md)

# 2017 heat wave in Europe: Firefighters battle wildfires across southern France, including one in Corsica. 

Hundreds&#x20;of&#x20;firefighters&#x20;were&#x20;battling&#x20;blazes&#x20;across&#x20;southern&#x20;France&#x20;on&#x20;Monday,&#x20;with&#x20;one&#x20;inferno&#x20;spreading&#x20;across&#x20;900&#x20;hectares&#x20;of&#x20;forest&#x20;and&#x20;threatening&#x20;homes&#x20;on&#x20;the&#x20;island&#x20;of&#x20;Corsica,&#x20;emergency&#x20;services&#x20;said.


### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/pope-francis-shuts-off-vatican-fountains-in-response-to-rome-italy-drought/)
2. [France24](http://www.france24.com/en/20170725-firefighters-struggle-battle-wildfires-across-southern-france-corsica)

### Related:

1. [French regional elections, 2015: With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country-s 13 regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/french-regional-elections-2015-with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-wi.md) _Context: Corsica, France_
2. [Three people are found shot dead in a car near Corte, on the French island of Corsica. ](/news/2012/09/11/three-people-are-found-shot-dead-in-a-car-near-corte-on-the-french-island-of-corsica.md) _Context: Corsica, France_
3. [Crime in France: A 13-year-old girl is killed when a car is deliberately driven into a pizza restaurant's sidewalk cafe in Sept-Sorts, France. At least 12 other people are injured, four critically. The driver is arrested. Police do not believe the incident was terrorism-related. ](/news/2017/08/14/crime-in-france-a-13-year-old-girl-is-killed-when-a-car-is-deliberately-driven-into-a-pizza-restaurant-s-sidewalk-cafe-in-sept-sorts-franc.md) _Context: France_
4. [Alternative fuel vehicles: French ecology minister Nicolas Hulot announces France is to ban the sale of petrol and diesel vehicles by 2040. ](/news/2017/07/6/alternative-fuel-vehicles-french-ecology-minister-nicolas-hulot-announces-france-is-to-ban-the-sale-of-petrol-and-diesel-vehicles-by-2040.md) _Context: France_
5. [Health in France: France plans to make vaccines mandatory for children in 2018. ](/news/2017/07/5/health-in-france-france-plans-to-make-vaccines-mandatory-for-children-in-2018.md) _Context: France_
6. [Chantiers de l'Atlantique: France nationalises the STX Europe-owned Chantiers de l'Atlantique shipyard in Saint-Nazaire, Pays de la Loire, to prevent Italian shipbuilding firm Fincantieri taking majority control. Italian Minister of Economy and Finances Pier Carlo Padoan calls the French decision to nationalise the shipyard "grave and incomprehensible". ](/news/2017/07/27/chantiers-de-l-atlantique-france-nationalises-the-stx-europe-owned-chantiers-de-l-atlantique-shipyard-in-saint-nazaire-pays-de-la-loire-t.md) _Context: France_
7. [French Riviera: Wildfires prompt the evacuation of 12,000 people along the French Riviera, while more than 4,000 firefighters and French Armed Forces personnel backed by 19 water-bomber planes are mobilised to extinguish the flames. ](/news/2017/07/26/french-riviera-wildfires-prompt-the-evacuation-of-12-000-people-along-the-french-riviera-while-more-than-4-000-firefighters-and-french-arm.md) _Context: Wildfire_
8. [Alternative fuel vehicles: Following a similar move in France, the United Kingdom is to ban the sale of petrol and diesel cars by 2040 in order to reduce air pollution. A new tax will also be levied on diesel car drivers in 2020. ](/news/2017/07/25/alternative-fuel-vehicles-following-a-similar-move-in-france-the-united-kingdom-is-to-ban-the-sale-of-petrol-and-diesel-cars-by-2040-in-or.md) _Context: France_
9. [2017 Avignon shooting: Two gunmen open fire near a mosque in Avignon, France, injuring eight people. Two of the victims were hospitalised. ](/news/2017/07/2/2017-avignon-shooting-two-gunmen-open-fire-near-a-mosque-in-avignon-france-injuring-eight-people-two-of-the-victims-were-hospitalised.md) _Context: France_
10. [2017 Notre Dame attack: A man who was yelling "This is for Syria" while attacking a police officer with a hammer near Notre-Dame de Paris, France is shot and wounded by another officer. Prosecutors open a terrorism probe. ](/news/2017/06/6/2017-notre-dame-attack-a-man-who-was-yelling-this-is-for-syria-while-attacking-a-police-officer-with-a-hammer-near-notre-dame-de-paris-f.md) _Context: France_
