### [2017-07-25](/news/2017/07/25/index.md)

# The United States Navy says the USS "Thunderbolt" fired a warning shot at an Iranian patrol boat after it came within 150 yards of the U.S. ship. 

A U.S. Navy ship fired multiple warning shots at an Iranian vessel in the Persian Gulf that came within 150 yards of the American ship, the Navy confirmed. The Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps naval vessel was approaching the USS Thunderbolt at a high rate of speed and ignored warnings from the...


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/us-navy-ship-fires-multiple-warning-shots-iranian/story?id=48835417)

### Related:

1. [Iran seizes the crew of two small United States Navy boats near Farsi Island, in the Persian Gulf, after they had allegedly entered Iranian waters. Pentagon spokesman, Peter Cook, told Associated Press that Iran has assured the United States that the crew and vessels will be returned promptly. ](/news/2016/01/12/iran-seizes-the-crew-of-two-small-united-states-navy-boats-near-farsi-island-in-the-persian-gulf-after-they-had-allegedly-entered-iranian.md) _Context: Iran, Iran-United States relations, United States Navy_
2. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: Iran, Iran-United States relations_
3. [The United States Department of the Treasury announces new sanctions against Iran in response to the latter's recent ballistic missile test. Thirteen people and twelve entities with ties to Iran have been affected. ](/news/2017/02/3/the-united-states-department-of-the-treasury-announces-new-sanctions-against-iran-in-response-to-the-latter-s-recent-ballistic-missile-test.md) _Context: Iran, Iran-United States relations_
4. [Ayatollah Khamenei warns that Iran will retaliate if sanctions that breach the Nuclear Deal are approved. ](/news/2016/11/23/ayatollah-khamenei-warns-that-iran-will-retaliate-if-sanctions-that-breach-the-nuclear-deal-are-approved.md) _Context: Iran, Iran-United States relations_
5. [The United States Navy's destroyer USS "Mason" comes under missile attack in the Red Sea, off the coast of Yemen. The two missiles, fired from Yemeni territory controlled by Iranian-backed Houthis, impacted the water well before reaching the ship, according to Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis. ](/news/2016/10/9/the-united-states-navy-s-destroyer-uss-mason-comes-under-missile-attack-in-the-red-sea-off-the-coast-of-yemen-the-two-missiles-fired-fr.md) _Context: Iran, United States Navy_
6. [The Foreign Minister of Iran Mohammad Javad Zarif says that the country's missile program would not be up for discussion. This comes as United States Secretary of State John Kerry said last Thursday that the United States and its allies would only address Iran's concerns in the region if it makes it clear to all involved that it was prepared to cease provocative ballistic missile launches and tests. ](/news/2016/04/10/the-foreign-minister-of-iran-mohammad-javad-zarif-says-that-the-country-s-missile-program-would-not-be-up-for-discussion-this-comes-as-unit.md) _Context: Iran, Iran-United States relations_
7. [Iran releases four Iranian-American prisoners including "Washington Post" reporter Jason Rezaian and Christian pastor Saeed Abedini. The United States is to release seven Iranian-Americans held in the United States for violating sanctions against Iran. ](/news/2016/01/16/iran-releases-four-iranian-american-prisoners-including-washington-post-reporter-jason-rezaian-and-christian-pastor-saeed-abedini-the-uni.md) _Context: Iran, Iran-United States relations_
8. [Iran claims that it has interrogated ten United States Navy personnel that it captured allegedly in its territorial waters. ](/news/2016/01/13/iran-claims-that-it-has-interrogated-ten-united-states-navy-personnel-that-it-captured-allegedly-in-its-territorial-waters.md) _Context: Iran-United States relations, United States Navy_
9. [Iran praises the United States Navy after American sailors rescued Iranian fishermen from armed pirates in the Arabian Sea. ](/news/2012/01/7/iran-praises-the-united-states-navy-after-american-sailors-rescued-iranian-fishermen-from-armed-pirates-in-the-arabian-sea.md) _Context: Iran, United States Navy_
10. [An IAEA report says Iran remains within key limits set in the 2015 agreement with world powers on development of its nuclear program. ](/news/2017/08/31/an-iaea-report-says-iran-remains-within-key-limits-set-in-the-2015-agreement-with-world-powers-on-development-of-its-nuclear-program.md) _Context: Iran_
