### [2017-07-25](/news/2017/07/25/index.md)

# The U.S. House of Representatives votes in favor of economic sanctions against Russia for its interference in the 2016 U.S. election, and against Iran and North Korea for their weapons programs. 

The House bill would impose new sanctions on Russia, Iran and North Korea, and prevent President Trump from easing some of them without congressional approval.


### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/powerpost/house-prepares-to-pass-sanctions-bill--and-set-up-veto-dilemma-for-trump/2017/07/25/ece80164-7138-11e7-8839-ec48ec4cae25_story.html)

### Related:

1. [ Facebook, Google, and Twitter executives have been asked to testify before the House of Representatives Intelligence Committee in October and the Senate Intelligence Committee on November 1, according to committee sources. ](/news/2017/09/27/facebook-google-and-twitter-executives-have-been-asked-to-testify-before-the-house-of-representatives-intelligence-committee-in-october-a.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections _
2. [U.S. President Donald Trump announces new sanctions on North Korea over its nuclear weapons program. ](/news/2017/09/21/u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-new-sanctions-on-north-korea-over-its-nuclear-weapons-program.md) _Context: North Korea-United States relations_
3. [Facebook agrees to disclose ads that ran in the U.S. in 2016 from accounts associated with a Russian entity known as the Internet Research Agency to United States Congressional investigators. Earlier, this information was provided to Special Counsel Robert Mueller. ](/news/2017/09/21/facebook-agrees-to-disclose-ads-that-ran-in-the-u-s-in-2016-from-accounts-associated-with-a-russian-entity-known-as-the-internet-research-a.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections _
4. [The United States Department of Justice has requested Moscow-based Russian media channel RT America to register as a foreign lobbying firm in the United States. ](/news/2017/09/12/the-united-states-department-of-justice-has-requested-moscow-based-russian-media-channel-rt-america-to-register-as-a-foreign-lobbying-firm-i.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections _
5. [Special counsel Robert Mueller has impaneled a grand jury in Washington, D.C. to investigate allegations of Russia's interference in the 2016 elections. ](/news/2017/08/3/special-counsel-robert-mueller-has-impaneled-a-grand-jury-in-washington-d-c-to-investigate-allegations-of-russiaas-interference-in-the-2.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections _
6. [In a video interview posted on the state-run website Uriminzokkiri, the two sons of James Joseph Dresnok (the last remaining American defector to North Korea) have confirmed that their father has died of a stroke last November 2016. ](/news/2017/08/21/in-a-video-interview-posted-on-the-state-run-website-uriminzokkiri-the-two-sons-of-james-joseph-dresnok-the-last-remaining-american-defect.md) _Context: North Korea-United States relations_
7. [The U.S. State Department announces that it will ban travel to North Korea, following the death of Otto Warmbier. ](/news/2017/07/21/the-u-s-state-department-announces-that-it-will-ban-travel-to-north-korea-following-the-death-of-otto-warmbier.md) _Context: North Korea-United States relations_
8. [James Comey, the former FBI Director who was dismissed by President Donald Trump last month, appears before the United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. Comey says he believes he was fired because of the FBI investigation into the possible collusion between President Trump's campaign team and Russia's interference in the 2016 elections.](/news/2017/06/8/james-comey-the-former-fbi-director-who-was-dismissed-by-president-donald-trump-last-month-appears-before-the-united-states-senate-select.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections _
9. [After "The Intercept" publishes a classified NSA document describing Russian efforts to launch cyberattacks on U.S. voting software suppliers, the United States Department of Justice announces it had brought charges upon Reality Winner, the alleged leaker. ](/news/2017/06/5/after-the-intercept-publishes-a-classified-nsa-document-describing-russian-efforts-to-launch-cyberattacks-on-u-s-voting-software-supplier.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections _
10. [Following the death of 22-year-old U.S. student Otto Warmbier, touring firm Young Pioneer Tours, who arranged Otto's visit to North Korea, say they will no longer be taking U.S. citizens to North Korea as the "risk is too high". Beijing-based Koryo Tours say they are reviewing their positions on taking U.S. citizens to the country. ](/news/2017/06/20/following-the-death-of-22-year-old-u-s-student-otto-warmbier-touring-firm-young-pioneer-tours-who-arranged-otto-s-visit-to-north-korea-s.md) _Context: North Korea-United States relations_
