### [2017-07-25](/news/2017/07/25/index.md)

# The Israeli government says it will remove metal detectors and some cameras recently installed at the entrances to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem that resulted in a wave of protests and some deaths. Instead, less obtrusive surveillance means will be used. 

After days of violent protests and a diplomatic crisis with Jordan over the placement of metal detectors at the entrances to the Aqsa Compound, the Israeli government said it would remove them.


### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/1.803266)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-israel-palestinians-idUSKBN1A92Q5)
3. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/24/world/middleeast/israel-jordan-aqsa-temple-mount-violence.html)
3. [Cover Image](https://static01.nyt.com/images/2017/07/25/world/25Israel1/25Israel1-facebookJumbo.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: 2017 Temple Mount crisis, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jerusalem, Temple Mount_
2. [A United Nations Security Council session is to be held to address the escalating violence in Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/07/22/a-united-nations-security-council-session-is-to-be-held-to-address-the-escalating-violence-in-jerusalem.md) _Context: 2017 Temple Mount crisis, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jerusalem_
3. [Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation" with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaza-will-fulfil-its-role-in-the-je.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jerusalem_
4. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu prohibits all members of the Knesset (MKs) from visiting the Jerusalem site revered by Jews as the Temple Mount, and by Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary, in an attempt to calm several days of violence in the Old City. The prohibition applies to both Jewish and Muslim parliamentarians. ](/news/2015/10/8/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-prohibits-all-members-of-the-knesset-mks-from-visiting-the-jerusalem-site-revered-by-jews-as-the.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jerusalem, Temple Mount_
5. [Israel destroys the homes of three Palestinian terrorists. Rassen and Udai abu-Jamal who committed the 2014 Jerusalem synagogue attack and Moatez Hijazi who committed the excavator rampage in Jerusalem during the 2014 Israel-Gaza conflict. ](/news/2015/10/6/israel-destroys-the-homes-of-three-palestinian-terrorists-rassen-and-udai-abu-jamal-who-committed-the-2014-jerusalem-synagogue-attack-and-m.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jerusalem_
