### [2017-08-19](/news/2017/08/19/index.md)

# The Lebanese Armed Forces launches operation ''Fajr al-Joroud'', and on the first day recaptures 30 Km worth of territory near the Syrian border formerly occupied by ISIL militants. 20 ISIL militants were killed, and 10 Lebanese soldiers were wounded.  

The Lebanese launched &#39;Fajr al-Joroud&#39; operation against Daesh (ISIS) positions on the outskirts of al-Qaa and Ras Baalbek towns Saturday.


### Source:

1. [The Daily Star](http://www.dailystar.com.lb/News/Lebanon-News/2017/Aug-19/416465-live-coverage-army-launches-fajr-al-joroud-operation-against-daesh.ashx)

### Related:

1. [  Lebanese Armed Forces are attacked by five suicide bombers and other militants during a raid of two Syrian refugee camps in  Arsal  near the Syrian border. The army reports a girl was killed in one of the suicide attacks, seven soldiers were also wounded, and 350 people, including several ISIL officials,  were detained during the sweep. ](/news/2017/06/30/lebanese-armed-forces-are-attacked-by-five-suicide-bombers-and-other-militants-during-a-raid-of-two-syrian-refugee-camps-in-arsal-near-t.md) _Context: Lebanese Armed Forces, near the Syrian border formerly occupied by ISIL militants_
2. [Clashes between the Lebanese Army and jihadist militants near the village of Ras Baalbek in northeast Lebanon, close to the Syrian border, leaves one soldier and eight militants dead. ](/news/2016/03/10/clashes-between-the-lebanese-army-and-jihadist-militants-near-the-village-of-ras-baalbek-in-northeast-lebanon-close-to-the-syrian-border-l.md) _Context: Lebanese Armed Forces, near the Syrian border formerly occupied by ISIL militants_
3. [Unidentified gunmen kill 6 Lebanese soldiers near the eastern town of Ras Baalbek. ](/news/2014/12/2/unidentified-gunmen-kill-6-lebanese-soldiers-near-the-eastern-town-of-ras-baalbek.md) _Context: Lebanese Armed Forces, near the Syrian border formerly occupied by ISIL militants_
4. [A suicide bomber attacks the Lebanese village of Qaa near the Syrian border, with at least six people dead and 13 people injured. ](/news/2016/06/27/a-suicide-bomber-attacks-the-lebanese-village-of-qaa-near-the-syrian-border-with-at-least-six-people-dead-and-13-people-injured.md) _Context: near the Syrian border formerly occupied by ISIL militants_
5. [The Lebanese Army and the  al-Nusra Front conduct a prisoner exchange with Saja Dulaimi, former wife of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, leader of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, being one of the prisoners released. The exchange was brokered by Qatar. ](/news/2015/12/1/the-lebanese-army-and-the-al-nusra-front-conduct-a-prisoner-exchange-with-saja-dulaimi-former-wife-of-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-leader-of-the.md) _Context: near the Syrian border formerly occupied by ISIL militants_
6. [A suicide attack by al-Nusra Front (al-Qaeda's official affiliate in Syria) at a cafe in Tripoli, Lebanon, kills at least seven people.](/news/2015/01/10/a-suicide-attack-by-al-nusra-front-al-qaeda-s-official-affiliate-in-syria-at-a-cafa-c-in-tripoli-lebanon-kills-at-least-seven-people.md) _Context: near the Syrian border formerly occupied by ISIL militants_
7. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon:A suicide bomber kills three soldiers at a Lebanese army checkpoint in the border town of Arsal close to the Syrian border. ](/news/2014/03/29/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-pa-suicide-bomber-kills-three-soldiers-at-a-lebanese-army-checkpoint-in-the-border-town-of-arsal-close.md) _Context: near the Syrian border formerly occupied by ISIL militants_
8. [Two people are killed and 38 injured in a bombing of a Hezbollah stronghold in Beirut. ](/news/2014/02/19/two-people-are-killed-and-38-injured-in-a-bombing-of-a-hezbollah-stronghold-in-beirut.md) _Context: near the Syrian border formerly occupied by ISIL militants_
9. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon:A sniper kills a man and six people are wounded in clashes between districts in Tripoli, Lebanon, that support rival sides in neighboring Syria's civil war. ](/news/2014/01/5/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-pa-sniper-kills-a-man-and-six-people-are-wounded-in-clashes-between-districts-in-tripoli-lebanon-tha.md) _Context: near the Syrian border formerly occupied by ISIL militants_
10. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon:A bomb detonates at a Hezbollah building in Beirut, Lebanon killing 4 people and wounding 35. ](/news/2014/01/21/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-pa-bomb-detonates-at-a-hezbollah-building-in-beirut-lebanon-killing-4-people-and-wounding-35.md) _Context: near the Syrian border formerly occupied by ISIL militants_
