### [2017-08-19](/news/2017/08/19/index.md)

# The Lebanese Armed Forces launches operation ''Fajr al-Joroud'', and on the first day recaptures 30 km of territory near the Lebanon-Syria border formerly occupied by ISIL militants. Twenty ISIL militants were killed and 10 Lebanese soldiers were wounded. 

The Lebanese launched &#39;Fajr al-Joroud&#39; operation against Daesh (ISIS) positions on the outskirts of al-Qaa and Ras Baalbek towns Saturday.


### Source:

1. [The Daily Star](http://www.dailystar.com.lb/News/Lebanon-News/2017/Aug-19/416465-live-coverage-army-launches-fajr-al-joroud-operation-against-daesh.ashx)

### Related:

1. [  Lebanese Armed Forces are attacked by five suicide bombers and other militants during a raid of two Syrian refugee camps in  Arsal  near the Syrian border. The army reports a girl was killed in one of the suicide attacks, seven soldiers were also wounded, and 350 people, including several ISIL officials,  were detained during the sweep. ](/news/2017/06/30/lebanese-armed-forces-are-attacked-by-five-suicide-bombers-and-other-militants-during-a-raid-of-two-syrian-refugee-camps-in-arsal-near-t.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Lebanese Armed Forces, Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon_
2. [Clashes between the Lebanese Army and jihadist militants near the village of Ras Baalbek in northeast Lebanon, close to the Syrian border, leaves one soldier and eight militants dead. ](/news/2016/03/10/clashes-between-the-lebanese-army-and-jihadist-militants-near-the-village-of-ras-baalbek-in-northeast-lebanon-close-to-the-syrian-border-l.md) _Context: Lebanese Armed Forces, Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon_
3. [The Lebanese Army and the  al-Nusra Front conduct a prisoner exchange with Saja Dulaimi, former wife of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, leader of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, being one of the prisoners released. The exchange was brokered by Qatar. ](/news/2015/12/1/the-lebanese-army-and-the-al-nusra-front-conduct-a-prisoner-exchange-with-saja-dulaimi-former-wife-of-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-leader-of-the.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon_
4. [Unidentified gunmen kill 6 Lebanese soldiers near the eastern town of Ras Baalbek. ](/news/2014/12/2/unidentified-gunmen-kill-6-lebanese-soldiers-near-the-eastern-town-of-ras-baalbek.md) _Context: Lebanese Armed Forces, Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon_
5. [Iraqi security forces, along with Shi'ite volunteers and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters,  launch a ground offensive to take the city of Tal Afar back from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. Tal Afar has been isolated from the rest of the ISIL-held territory since the recent Mosul liberation. ](/news/2017/08/20/iraqi-security-forces-along-with-shi-ite-volunteers-and-kurdish-peshmerga-fighters-launch-a-ground-offensive-to-take-the-city-of-tal-afar.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [A van drives into crowds of people in La Rambla, Barcelona, in what Spanish police are calling a terrorist attack, killing at least 12 people. Two suspects are taken into custody, and ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/08/17/a-van-drives-into-crowds-of-people-in-la-rambla-barcelona-in-what-spanish-police-are-calling-a-terrorist-attack-killing-at-least-12-peopl.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [ISIL forces raid an Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps base in vast desert spaces of eastern Homs Governorate, Syria, manned by between 12 to 18 fighters, all but one of which are killed. ](/news/2017/08/11/isil-forces-raid-an-iranian-islamic-revolutionary-guard-corps-base-in-vast-desert-spaces-of-eastern-homs-governorate-syria-manned-by-betwe.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Three female ISIL  suicide bombers kill 15 people and injure five in three separate incidents over the last two days as the fight for Mosul winds down. ](/news/2017/07/3/three-female-isil-suicide-bombers-kill-15-people-and-injure-five-in-three-separate-incidents-over-the-last-two-days-as-the-fight-for-mosul.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [The Syrian army seizes oil wells in south-west Raqqa Governorate from ISIL. ](/news/2017/07/17/the-syrian-army-seizes-oil-wells-in-south-west-raqqa-governorate-from-isil.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information-from-tribal-leader.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
