### [2010-11-9](/news/2010/11/9/index.md)

# A United Nations report suggests North Korea has supplied Burma, Iran and Syria with nuclear technology, in violation of United Nations sanctions. China had previously blocked the report from reaching the UN Security Council. 

After months in limbo due to Chinese objections, a U.N. report suggesting North Korea may have supplied Syria, Iran and Myanmar with banned nuclear technology is heading to the Security Council.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE6A83IQ20101109?loomia_ow=t0:s0:a49:g43:r1:c0.373333:b39114558:z0)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations General Assembly approves the first Arms Trade Treaty to regulate the multi-billion-dollar global trade in conventional arms with 154 votes in favor, three member states - Iran, North Korea and Syria - against the decision, and 23 abstentions. ](/news/2013/04/2/the-united-nations-general-assembly-approves-the-first-arms-trade-treaty-to-regulate-the-multi-billion-dollar-global-trade-in-conventional-a.md) _Context: Iran, North Korea, Syria, United Nations_
2. [Iran, North Korea and Syria block adoption of a United Nations treaty that would regulate the international arms trade, a proposal which required agreement by all 193 UN member states. ](/news/2013/03/29/iran-north-korea-and-syria-block-adoption-of-a-united-nations-treaty-that-would-regulate-the-international-arms-trade-a-proposal-which-req.md) _Context: Iran, North Korea, Syria, United Nations_
3. [A leaked United Nations report states that North Korea is exporting nuclear technology to Burma, Iran and Syria. ](/news/2010/05/28/a-leaked-united-nations-report-states-that-north-korea-is-exporting-nuclear-technology-to-burma-iran-and-syria.md) _Context: Burma, Iran, Syria, United Nations_
4. [ United Nations diplomats confirm the United Arab Emirates seized a North Korean ship carrying weapons to Iran, in violation of Security Council Resolution 1874. ](/news/2009/08/28/united-nations-diplomats-confirm-the-united-arab-emirates-seized-a-north-korean-ship-carrying-weapons-to-iran-in-violation-of-security-cou.md) _Context: Iran, North Korea, United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
5. [The United Nations finds Iran's firing of a medium-range ballistic missile in October violated a June 2010 resolution banning the Islamic Republic from launches capable of delivering nuclear weapons. The test was not technically a violation of the July nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers. It's not known if the Security Council will take any action. ](/news/2015/12/15/the-united-nations-finds-iran-s-firing-of-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-in-october-violated-a-june-2010-resolution-banning-the-islamic-re.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
6. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry meets in Vienna, Austria, with the foreign ministers of Turkey and Saudi Arabia, as well as the U.N. special envoy for Syria, ahead of Saturday's next round of international summits on the Syrian Civil War. The talks, aimed toward a cease-fire in Syria's devastating war and a political transition to a post-war government, will include senior officials from 19 nations/groups and, as in October, Iran will participate. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-in-vienna-austria-with-the-foreign-ministers-of-turkey-and-saudi-arabia-as-well-as-the-u-n-spec.md) _Context: Iran, Syria, United Nations_
7. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saudi.md) _Context: Iran, Syria, United Nations_
8. [The United States rejects the invitation of Iran by the United Nations in peace talks involving Syria. ](/news/2014/01/20/the-united-states-rejects-the-invitation-of-iran-by-the-united-nations-in-peace-talks-involving-syria.md) _Context: Iran, Syria, United Nations_
9. [North Korea threatens to take "strong physical countermeasures" if South Korea co-operates with new United Nations Security Council resolutions against it. ](/news/2013/01/25/north-korea-threatens-to-take-strong-physical-countermeasures-if-south-korea-co-operates-with-new-united-nations-security-council-resoluti.md) _Context: North Korea, United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
10. [Syrian Civil War: Human rights investigators from the United Nations expand a secret list of people in Syria suspected of committing war crimes. Diplomat Paulo Srgio Pinheiro urges the U.N. Security Council to bring the situation to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2012/09/17/syrian-civil-war-human-rights-investigators-from-the-united-nations-expand-a-secret-list-of-people-in-syria-suspected-of-committing-war-cri.md) _Context: Syria, United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
