### [2010-11-9](/news/2010/11/9/index.md)

# Anwar al-Awlaki, a Yemeni cleric affiliated with al-Queda, tells Muslims in a new video posting that they are free to kill American at will, in retaliation for the killing of civilians in Iraq, Afghanistan and elsewhere. 




### Source:

1. [   (''The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/news/world/yemeni-cleric-anwar-al-awlaki-calls-for-americans-to-be-killed/story-e6frg6so-1225950061626)

### Related:

1. [Population displacement: The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five. ](/news/2017/06/19/population-displacement-the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Iraq_
2. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Iraq_
3. [Executive Order 13769: Travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen are blocked from entering the United States as the executive order takes effect. ](/news/2017/01/28/executive-order-13769-travelers-from-iran-iraq-libya-somalia-sudan-syria-and-yemen-are-blocked-from-entering-the-united-states-as-the.md) _Context: Iraq, Yemen_
4. [Presidency of Donald Trump: President Trump signs an executive order limiting refugees and immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries, including Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The order also prioritizes the vetting of Christian refugees of the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/27/presidency-of-donald-trump-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-limiting-refugees-and-immigration-from-seven-muslim-majority-countries.md) _Context: Iraq, Yemen_
5. [European migrant crisis: Macedonia, Serbia, Croatia, and Slovenia shut their borders to so-called economic migrants, those not coming from war-torn countries such as Syria, Afghanistan, or Iraq, leaving thousands stranded at Balkan border crossings. Around 500 migrants from Iran, Morocco, and Algeria gather on the border between Greece and Macedonia to protest the closure. ](/news/2015/11/20/european-migrant-crisis-macedonia-serbia-croatia-and-slovenia-shut-their-borders-to-so-called-economic-migrants-those-not-coming-from-w.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Iraq_
6. [A cache of classified intelligence documents published from The Intercept, released by an anonymous whistleblower, highlight details surrounding post-September 11 attacks United States drone strikes in Afghanistan, Somalia, and Yemen, alleging that the United States conducts these strikes under extremely unreliable information and faulty pretenses. ](/news/2015/10/15/a-cache-of-classified-intelligence-documents-published-from-the-intercept-released-by-an-anonymous-whistleblower-highlight-details-surroun.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Yemen_
7. [European migrant crisis: Following Austria's and Germany's decision to waive their asylum system rules, approximately 6,500 migrants - mostly from Syria, Iraq, and Afghanistan - arrive in Vienna. They traveled from Hungary by bus, train or on foot. The migrants were given the opportunity to register in Austria or move on to Germany. ](/news/2015/09/5/european-migrant-crisis-following-austria-s-and-germany-s-decision-to-waive-their-asylum-system-rules-approximately-6-500-migrants-mos.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Iraq_
8. [David Petraeus, the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, is honored with the Grand Cross with swords in the Order of Orange-Nassau in The Hague for his service as a four-star general in Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2012/03/16/david-petraeus-the-director-of-the-central-intelligence-agency-is-honored-with-the-grand-cross-with-swords-in-the-order-of-orange-nassau-i.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Iraq_
9. [Al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula leader and U.S. citizen Anwar al-Awlaki is reported killed in Yemen. ](/news/2011/09/30/al-qaeda-in-the-arabian-peninsula-leader-and-u-s-citizen-anwar-al-awlaki-is-reported-killed-in-yemen.md) _Context: Anwar al-Awlaki, Yemen_
10. [Arab Spring: Today's Friday protests take place in Egypt, Iraq, Syria and Yemen among other places. ](/news/2011/04/8/arab-spring-today-s-friday-protests-take-place-in-egypt-iraq-syria-and-yemen-among-other-places.md) _Context: Iraq, Yemen_
