### [2010-11-9](/news/2010/11/9/index.md)

# British Prime Minister David Cameron begins an official visit to the People's Republic of China. China, UK seek closer ties as economic dialogue opens in Beijing. 

David Cameron raises the issue of human rights in talks with China, during what he called a &quot;vitally important&quot; trade mission to the country.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-11715216)
2. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english2010/china/2010-11/09/c_13597919.htm)

### Related:

1. [British Prime Minister David Cameron says talks between himself and the leaders of the UK's other main political parties on the recommendations of the Leveson report have broken down. Cameron says he will publish a Royal Charter on press regulations on Monday. ](/news/2013/03/14/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-says-talks-between-himself-and-the-leaders-of-the-uk-s-other-main-political-parties-on-the-recommendati.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minister, UK_
2. [ UK retail giant Tesco opens its first own-brand supermarket branch in China, in the capital, Beijing. ](/news/2007/01/26/uk-retail-giant-tesco-opens-its-first-own-brand-supermarket-branch-in-china-in-the-capital-beijing.md) _Context: Beijing, China, UK_
3. [2017 Doklam crisis. A stalemate between China and India leads to fears that the ongoing stand-off over Doklam in the Himalayas, disputed by Bhutan, may continue into the winter. It comes after rumors that Indian National Security Adviser Ajit Doval may travel to Beijing later this month. "[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/beijing-wont-have-formal-talks-with-india-stand-off-may-continue-till-winter-chinese-expert/articleshow/59615025.cms (Economic Times)]"](/news/2017/07/16/2017-doklam-crisis-a-stalemate-between-china-and-india-leads-to-fears-that-the-ongoing-stand-off-over-doklam-in-the-himalayas-disputed-by.md) _Context: Beijing, China_
4. [China-Norway relations. Prime Minister of Norway Erna Solberg meets with Premier of the People's Republic of China Li Keqiang in Beijing to announce the end of a diplomatic freeze between the countries and the resumption of free trade negotiations between China and Norway. ](/news/2017/04/7/china-norway-relations-prime-minister-of-norway-erna-solberg-meets-with-premier-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-li-keqiang-in-beijing-t.md) _Context: Beijing, China_
5. [Former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron resigns as MP for Witney, triggering a by-election. ](/news/2016/09/12/former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-resigns-as-mp-for-witney-triggering-a-by-election.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minister_
6. [Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016. Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-uk-leadership-election-2016-conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leade.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minister_
7. [Cybersecurity software maker Check Point reports "HummingBad" malware has infected at least 10 million Android devices, mostly in China and India. Check Point says a team of developers based in Beijing is behind "HummingBad" which gives hackers administrative-level access to infected devices. Apple devices have been hit by similar malware. ](/news/2016/07/5/cybersecurity-software-maker-check-point-reports-hummingbad-malware-has-infected-at-least-10-million-android-devices-mostly-in-china-and.md) _Context: Beijing, China_
8. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-th.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minister_
9. [Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016. The process to elect a new leader of the Conservative Party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron begins in the United Kingdom. The Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb is the first Conservative Party politician to announce his official candidacy for leader. ](/news/2016/06/29/conservative-party-uk-leadership-election-2016-the-process-to-elect-a-new-leader-of-the-conservative-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-min.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minister_
10. [United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016. The United Kingdom votes, 52% to 48%, to leave the European Union. Prime Minister David Cameron, who called the referendum three years ago, announces his resignation indicating he will leave office by October. ](/news/2016/06/24/united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-the-united-kingdom-votes-52-to-48-to-leave-the-european-union-prime-minister.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minister_
