### [2015-09-11](/news/2015/09/11/index.md)

# CNN announces the September 16, prime time  presidential debate panel.  Carly Fiorina, who had sufficient poll support following the first debate, will join the top 10 leaders, such as Donald Trump, Jeb Bush, Scott Walker, and Ben Carson. The remaining four candidates, Rick Santorum, Bobby Jindal, George Pataki and Lindsey Graham, will appear earlier that evening. Because he did not get sufficient poll numbers, Jim Gilmore is now excluded. 

Carly Fiorina will join 10 other Republican presidential hopefuls at the next presidential debate at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library next Wednesday.CNN announced the lineup of candidates invited to participate in the primetime debate. The remaining candidates will participate in a separate debate that afternoon.


### Source:

1. [ABC Go](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/rick-perry-drops-2016-presidential-race/story?id=33696891)
2. [Boston Herald](http://www.bostonherald.com/news_opinion/us_politics/2015/09/carly_fiorina_makes_it_to_main_stage_at_cnns_next_gop_debate)
3. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2015/09/10/politics/cnn-reagan-debate-lineup/)
4. [National Journal](http://www.nationaljournal.com/hotline/2014/09/03/Wehby-Ad-Highlights-Medical-Career?mref=scroll)

### Related:

1. [The seventh Republican Party presidential debate, the second hosted by Fox News, and the final debate before voting begins with the Iowa caucuses on February 1, is held in Des Moines, Iowa. The seven candidates featuring in the primetime debate were Jeb Bush, Ben Carson, Chris Christie, Ted Cruz, John Kasich, Rand Paul and Marco Rubio. Donald Trump, the current front-runner in the polls, was also invited to the primetime debate but opted to boycott the debate and instead hosted a town hall with charitable proceeds going to veterans groups. ](/news/2016/01/28/the-seventh-republican-party-presidential-debate-the-second-hosted-by-fox-news-and-the-final-debate-before-voting-begins-with-the-iowa-cau.md) _Context: Ben Carson, Donald Trump, Jeb Bush, Republican Party presidential debates, 2016_
2. [The eleventh Republican Party presidential debate of the election cycle takes place at the Fox Theatre in downtown Detroit, Michigan, airing live on Fox News Channel. The debate features four Republican candidates, Donald Trump, Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio and John Kasich. Ben Carson was also invited to the debate but he said that he would not be attending. An estimated 16.9 million viewers watched the debate, 5.5 million of them adults aged 25-54, making it the most watched debate since December 2015. ](/news/2016/03/3/the-eleventh-republican-party-presidential-debate-of-the-election-cycle-takes-place-at-the-fox-theatre-in-downtown-detroit-michigan-airing.md) _Context: Ben Carson, Donald Trump, Republican Party presidential debates, 2016_
3. [CNN is accused of threatening to reveal the personal identity of a Reddit user who made a GIF depicting United States President Donald Trump tackling a man to the ground, with CNN's logo superimposed on the man's face. The GIF was modified and posted on Trump's Twitter feed. ](/news/2017/07/4/cnn-is-accused-of-threatening-to-reveal-the-personal-identity-of-a-reddit-user-who-made-a-gif-depicting-united-states-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: CNN, Donald Trump_
4. [Three CNN journalists, Thomas Frank, Eric Lichtblau, and Lex Haris, resign after the publication of a Russia-related article involving President Donald Trump that was retracted. ](/news/2017/06/26/three-cnn-journalists-thomas-frank-eric-lichtblau-and-lex-haris-resign-after-the-publication-of-a-russia-related-article-involving-presi.md) _Context: CNN, Donald Trump_
5. [CNN terminates its ''New Year's Eve Live'' contract with Kathy Griffin after she released a photograph of her holding a mock decapitated head of President Donald Trump. ](/news/2017/05/31/cnn-terminates-its-new-year-s-eve-live-contract-with-kathy-griffin-after-she-released-a-photograph-of-her-holding-a-mock-decapitated-hea.md) _Context: CNN, Donald Trump_
6. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: Ben Carson, Donald Trump_
7. [President-elect Donald Trump nominates Ben Carson for United States Secretary of Housing and Urban Development. ](/news/2016/12/5/president-elect-donald-trump-nominates-ben-carson-for-united-states-secretary-of-housing-and-urban-development.md) _Context: Ben Carson, Donald Trump_
8. [Ben Carson, former GOP presidential candidate, current advisor to  President-elect Donald Trump and retired neurosurgeon, has decided to not accept a Cabinet position in the Trump administration. ](/news/2016/11/15/ben-carson-former-gop-presidential-candidate-current-advisor-to-president-elect-donald-trump-and-retired-neurosurgeon-has-decided-to-not.md) _Context: Ben Carson, Donald Trump_
9. [West Virginia Governor Jim Justice announces, during U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Huntington, he is changing his party affiliation from Democratic to Republican. ](/news/2017/08/3/west-virginia-governor-jim-justice-announces-during-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-rally-in-huntington-he-is-changing-his-party-affiliation.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
10. [Two transcripts of telephone conversations between U.S. President Donald Trump and foreign leaders are leaked. Trump was shown to disagree with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto on 27 January over the proposed border wall, and with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull the next day over the resettlement deal of refugees in Nauru and Manus. ](/news/2017/08/3/two-transcripts-of-telephone-conversations-between-u-s-president-donald-trump-and-foreign-leaders-are-leaked-trump-was-shown-to-disagree-w.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
