### [2015-09-11](/news/2015/09/11/index.md)

# Foreign ministers from Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia meet with officials from the European Union and Germany to discuss differences over migrant quotas. 

Footage emerges of migrants being thrown bags of food at a Hungarian camp near the border with Serbia, amid criticism over their treatment.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-34216883)

### Related:

1. [The European Union invited Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Slovenia, Latvia, Estonia, Lithuania, Cyprus and Malta to join.  Expansion is scheduled for May 2004.](/news/2002/12/13/the-european-union-invited-poland-hungary-the-czech-republic-slovakia-slovenia-latvia-estonia-lithuania-cyprus-and-malta-to-join-e.md) _Context: Czech Republic, European Union, Hungary, Poland, Slovakia's_
2. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Germany, Hungary, Poland_
3. [Floods in Poland kill 5. The downpours also cause flooding in areas of Hungary, Slovakia and the Czech Republic. ](/news/2010/05/20/floods-in-poland-kill-5-the-downpours-also-cause-flooding-in-areas-of-hungary-slovakia-and-the-czech-republic.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, Slovakia's_
4. [ The Schengen Agreement is expanded to include the seaports and land borders of the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia, and Slovenia. ](/news/2007/12/21/the-schengen-agreement-is-expanded-to-include-the-seaports-and-land-borders-of-the-czech-republic-estonia-hungary-latvia-lithuania-mal.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland, Slovakia's_
5. [Germany announces plans to start deporting newly-arrived migrants to Greece starting in March. According to EU's Dublin Regulation, asylum seekers must file for asylum in the member state they arrived in. ](/news/2017/01/12/germany-announces-plans-to-start-deporting-newly-arrived-migrants-to-greece-starting-in-march-according-to-eu-s-dublin-regulation-asylum-s.md) _Context: European Union, European migrant crisis, Germany_
6. [The government of Hungary announces it will hold a referendum regarding future European Union quotas for resettling refugees. The vote is expected to be held either in September or October of this year where a turnout of over 50 percent will render it to be valid. ](/news/2016/05/3/the-government-of-hungary-announces-it-will-hold-a-referendum-regarding-future-european-union-quotas-for-resettling-refugees-the-vote-is-ex.md) _Context: European Union, European migrant crisis, Hungary_
7. [Czech Minister of the Interior Milan Chovanec says that authorities in Prague will send a group of 25 Iraqi Christians back to Iraq after they tried to move to Germany rather than staying in the Czech Republic. The refugees were on their way to Germany via bus before being stopped at the border. Czech authorities agreed to a request by the German police to take the people back. Chovanec said the 25 Iraqis abused Czech generosity and should go back to Iraq within seven days. ](/news/2016/04/3/czech-minister-of-the-interior-milan-chovanec-says-that-authorities-in-prague-will-send-a-group-of-25-iraqi-christians-back-to-iraq-after-th.md) _Context: Czech Republic, European migrant crisis, Germany_
8. [Hungary is to hold a referendum on whether to accept mandatory EU quotas for relocating migrants. ](/news/2016/02/24/hungary-is-to-hold-a-referendum-on-whether-to-accept-mandatory-eu-quotas-for-relocating-migrants.md) _Context: European Union, European migrant crisis, Hungary_
9. [Following Austria's and Germany's decision to waive their asylum system rules, approximately 6,500 migrants - mostly  from Syria, Iraq, and Afghanistan - arrive in Vienna. They traveled from Hungary by bus, train or on foot. The migrants were given the opportunity to register in Austria or move on to Germany. ](/news/2015/09/5/following-austria-s-and-germany-s-decision-to-waive-their-asylum-system-rules-approximately-6-500-migrants-a-mostly-from-syria-iraq-an.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Germany, Hungary_
10. [Slovakia mounts a legal challenge to mandatory quotas decided in a European Union ministerial summit yesterday. ](/news/2015/09/23/slovakia-mounts-a-legal-challenge-to-mandatory-quotas-decided-in-a-european-union-ministerial-summit-yesterday.md) _Context: European Union, European migrant crisis, Slovakia's_
