### [2008-02-6](/news/2008/02/6/index.md)

#  A $158 billion plan to stimulate economic growth in the United States fails in the U.S. Senate on a procedural vote 58-41, just short of the 60 votes needed to advance. 

Senate Republicans on Wednesday blocked a Democratic-backed $157 billion economic stimulus plan that would have provided benefits for the long-term unemployed and expanded proposed tax rebates to include retirees and disabled veterans.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/newsOne/idUSN0631744820080206)
1. [Cover Image](http://s1.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20080206&t=2&i=3064435&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=2008-02-06T234651Z_01_N06317448_RTRUKOP_0_PICTURE0)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. Senate votes to repeal the Jackson-Vanik amendment, a long-standing trade restriction with Russia. In its place, the Magnitsky bill is adopted instead. The law requires the United States to place financial and visa restrictions on a list of officials associated with the torture and death of Sergei Magnitsky three years ago. ](/news/2012/12/6/the-u-s-senate-votes-to-repeal-the-jacksonavanik-amendment-a-long-standing-trade-restriction-with-russia-in-its-place-the-magnitsky-bi.md) _Context: U.S. Senate, United States_
2. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: United States_
3. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: United States_
4. [The United States stops giving out visas to high ranking officials of Cambodia, Eritrea, Guinea and Sierra Leone for failing to accept deportations. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-stops-giving-out-visas-to-high-ranking-officials-of-cambodia-eritrea-guinea-and-sierra-leone-for-failing-to-accept-depor.md) _Context: United States_
5. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pelosi.md) _Context: United States_
6. [The United States Department of Justice has requested Moscow-based Russian media channel RT America to register as a foreign lobbying firm in the United States. ](/news/2017/09/12/the-united-states-department-of-justice-has-requested-moscow-based-russian-media-channel-rt-america-to-register-as-a-foreign-lobbying-firm-i.md) _Context: United States_
7. [The United States State Department orders Russia to close the Consulate-General in San Francisco and two other buildings by September 2, 2017, invoking "parity" over a Russian measure in July. ](/news/2017/08/31/the-united-states-state-department-orders-russia-to-close-the-consulate-general-in-san-francisco-and-two-other-buildings-by-september-2-201.md) _Context: United States_
8. [U.S. lawmakers break for summer recess. ](/news/2017/08/3/u-s-lawmakers-break-for-summer-recess.md) _Context: United States_
9. [Millions of United States residents and visitors are able to witness a total solar eclipse that crosses through North America. It is the first total solar eclipse visible across the entire contiguous United States since the solar eclipse of June 8, 1918. ](/news/2017/08/21/millions-of-united-states-residents-and-visitors-are-able-to-witness-a-total-solar-eclipse-that-crosses-through-north-america-it-is-the-fir.md) _Context: United States_
10. [United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the RAISE Act, a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. ](/news/2017/08/2/united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-raise-act-a-plan-that-would-if-passe.md) _Context: United States_
