### [2008-06-14](/news/2008/06/14/index.md)

#  The President of the United States George W. Bush and the President of France Nicolas Sarkozy warn Syria to break with Iran and state that they will not allow Iran to obtain nuclear weapons. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://afp.google.com/article/ALeqM5gLNbCu156sy0LFeje4mnaCZ8BZKA)

### Related:

1. [ United States President George W. Bush meets with French President Nicolas Sarkozy and European Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso to discuss a proposal for a summit of world leaders to discuss the current economic crisis. ](/news/2008/10/18/united-states-president-george-w-bush-meets-with-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-and-european-commission-president-jose-manuel-barroso-to.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France, United States President_
2. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush hosts the President of France Nicolas Sarkozy at a casual lunch at the Bush family home in Maine. ](/news/2007/08/11/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-hosts-the-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-at-a-casual-lunch-at-the-bush-family-home-i.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France, United States President_
3. [ George W. Bush, the President of the United States says that Syria and Iran might be included in regional talks on the future of Iraq if they meet certain conditions. ](/news/2006/12/7/george-w-bush-the-president-of-the-united-states-says-that-syria-and-iran-might-be-included-in-regional-talks-on-the-future-of-iraq-if-th.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iran, Syria, United States President_
4. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Iran, Syria, United States President_
5. [The President of the United States Barack Obama and the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron meet at the White House in Washington D.C. to discuss Afghanistan, Syria, the global economy and Iran. ](/news/2012/03/14/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-and-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-meet-at-the-white-house-in-washin.md) _Context: Iran, Syria, United States President_
6. [Barack Obama, the President of the United States, David Cameron, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and Nicolas Sarkozy, the President of France publish an op-ed in the ''International Herald Tribune'' outlining their strategy on the 2011 Libyan civil war. ](/news/2011/04/14/barack-obama-the-president-of-the-united-states-david-cameron-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-and-nicolas-sarkozy-the-president.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France, United States President_
7. [ French President Nicolas Sarkozy announces that Syria and Lebanon have agreed to establish embassies in each other's capitals. ](/news/2008/07/12/french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-announces-that-syria-and-lebanon-have-agreed-to-establish-embassies-in-each-other-s-capitals.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France, Syria_
8. [ President George W. Bush says that he wants to solve the Iran issue peacefully but "all options are on the table" in a joint media conference with the Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel. ](/news/2008/06/11/president-george-w-bush-says-that-he-wants-to-solve-the-iran-issue-peacefully-but-all-options-are-on-the-table-in-a-joint-media-conferen.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iran, United States President_
9. [ President George W. Bush attends the final United States-European Union summit of his Presidency with agreements to tighten sanctions against Iran for its nuclear program. ](/news/2008/06/10/president-george-w-bush-attends-the-final-united-states-european-union-summit-of-his-presidency-with-agreements-to-tighten-sanctions-again.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iran, United States President_
10. [ Admiral William Fallon resigns as Commander of the U.S. Central Command due to reports in ''Esquire Magazine'' of disagreement with President George W. Bush over the administration's policy with Iran. ](/news/2008/03/11/admiral-william-fallon-resigns-as-commander-of-the-u-s-central-command-due-to-reports-in-esquire-magazine-of-disagreement-with-preside.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iran, United States President_
