### [2011-06-3](/news/2011/06/3/index.md)

# Bosnian Serb genocide suspect Ratko Mladic makes his first appearance at the war crimes tribunal in The Hague, Netherlands, and dismisses charges against him as "obnoxious." 

Bosnian Serb genocide suspect Ratko Mladic dismissed as &quot;obnoxious&quot; charges against him Friday during his first appearance at a war crimes tribunal.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2011/WORLD/europe/06/03/netherlands.mladic.trial/index.html)

### Related:

1. [The trial of former Bosnian Serb Army Colonel General Ratko Mladic starts in the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2012/05/16/the-trial-of-former-bosnian-serb-army-colonel-general-ratko-mladia-starts-in-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Ratko Mladic, The Hague_
2. [ Former Bosnian Serb Army General Ratko Mladic, wanted by the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia in The Hague in connection with the massacre of 8,000 men and boys on July 11, 1995, in Srebrenica, has been reported by Belgrade's Studio B TV to have been arrested. The Serbian government has denied the capture, decrying the report as "manipulation which damages the government". ](/news/2006/02/21/former-bosnian-serb-army-general-ratko-mladia-wanted-by-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-in-the-hague-in-con.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Ratko Mladic, The Hague_
3. [The war crime convictions of Momcilo Perisic are overturned by a war crimes tribunal in The Hague. The Serbian general had been convicted and sentenced in 2011 for atrocities perpetrated both during wars in Croatia and Bosnia. ](/news/2013/02/28/the-war-crime-convictions-of-momailo-peria-ia-are-overturned-by-a-war-crimes-tribunal-in-the-hague-the-serbian-general-had-been-convicted.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, The Hague_
4. [Former Bosnian intelligence chief Zdravko Tolimir, believed to be a top aide to Ratko Mladic, is sentenced to life imprisonment by ICTY for his role in the Srebrenica massacre. ](/news/2012/12/13/former-bosnian-intelligence-chief-zdravko-tolimir-believed-to-be-a-top-aide-to-ratko-mladia-is-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-by-icty-for.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Ratko Mladic_
5. [The war crime convictions of Ante Gotovina and Mladen Markac are overturned by a war crimes tribunal in The Hague. The Croatian generals had been convicted and sentenced last year for atrocities against Serbs during the 1990's Yugoslav Wars. ](/news/2012/11/16/the-war-crime-convictions-of-ante-gotovina-and-mladen-markaa-are-overturned-by-a-war-crimes-tribunal-in-the-hague-the-croatian-generals-ha.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, The Hague_
6. [Trial of Ratko Mladic in The Hague:: Former Bosnian Serb Colonel General Ratko Mladic is scheduled to enter a plea on charges of genocide in the Srebrenica massacre during the Bosnian war at a United Nations war crimes court. ](/news/2011/07/4/trial-of-ratko-mladia-in-the-hague-former-bosnian-serb-colonel-general-ratko-mladia-is-scheduled-to-enter-a-plea-on-charges-of-genocide.md) _Context: Ratko Mladic, The Hague_
7. [Serbia's war crimes court rejects an appeal from former Bosnian Serb Colonel General Ratko Mladic against a transfer to a United Nations tribunal in The Hague to face genocide charges. ](/news/2011/05/31/serbia-s-war-crimes-court-rejects-an-appeal-from-former-bosnian-serb-colonel-general-ratko-mladia-against-a-transfer-to-a-united-nations-tr.md) _Context: Ratko Mladic, The Hague_
8. [A Serbian court rules that former Bosnian Serb military leader Ratko Mladic is fit to stand a genocide trial at The Hague. ](/news/2011/05/27/a-serbian-court-rules-that-former-bosnian-serb-military-leader-ratko-mladia-is-fit-to-stand-a-genocide-trial-at-the-hague.md) _Context: Ratko Mladic, The Hague_
9. [The trial of former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic resumes at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2010/09/27/the-trial-of-former-bosnian-serb-leader-radovan-karada3-4ia-resumes-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-in-the-h.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, The Hague_
10. [The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague orders the retrial of former Kosovan Prime Minister Ramush Haradinaj after stating his first trial was marred by witness intimidation. ](/news/2010/07/21/the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-in-the-hague-orders-the-retrial-of-former-kosovan-prime-minister-ramush-haradi.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, The Hague_
