### [2011-06-3](/news/2011/06/3/index.md)

# The United States House of Representatives votes in favour of a non-binding resolution asking the Obama administration to seek Congressional authorization for the intervention in Libya. 




### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://blogs.abcnews.com/thenote/2011/06/dueling-libya-resolutions-could-spell-trouble-for-white-house-and-republicans.html)
2. [AP via MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/43270737)

### Related:

1. [The United States House of Representatives votes in favor of legislation that approves preliminary budgetary measures for the United States Congress to begin repealing the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, colloquially known as Obamacare. ](/news/2017/01/13/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-legislation-that-approves-preliminary-budgetary-measures-for-the-united-states.md) _Context: U.S. Congress, U.S. House_
2. [The Obama Administration, through its appointment of a majority of board members on the Democratic-controlled U.S. National Labor Relations Board's 3&ndash;2 ruling in the Browning-Ferris case uses an expanded definition of joint employer when determining if a parent company shares responsibility for workers hired by a subcontractor or franchisee. The Republican-controlled US Congress responded to arguments from businesses such as the International Franchise Association by adding another NLRB-related rider to the budget to block implementation of this latest ruling. Browning-Ferris  can appeal the decision to a federal appeals court. The ruling could affect current unionization and pay efforts at McDonald's franchises. ](/news/2015/08/27/the-obama-administration-through-its-appointment-of-a-majority-of-board-members-on-the-democratic-controlled-u-s-national-labor-relations.md) _Context: Obama Administration, U.S. Congress_
3. [Mauritania extradites former Libyan intelligence chief Abdullah Senussi, who was arrested in the capital Nouakchott in March after fleeing Libya during the civil war in 2011. The United States insist on a fair trial for the suspect, a "milestone in (Libya's) democratic transition". ](/news/2012/09/5/mauritania-extradites-former-libyan-intelligence-chief-abdullah-senussi-who-was-arrested-in-the-capital-nouakchott-in-march-after-fleeing-l.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War_
4. [A Libyan starts court proceedings against 41 people accused of helping Muammar Gaddafi to attempt to suppress the opposition in the Libyan Civil War. ](/news/2012/02/5/a-libyan-starts-court-proceedings-against-41-people-accused-of-helping-muammar-gaddafi-to-attempt-to-suppress-the-opposition-in-the-libyan-c.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War_
5. [The United Nations says detainees from Libya's civil war are being tortured. ](/news/2012/01/26/the-united-nations-says-detainees-from-libya-s-civil-war-are-being-tortured.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War_
6. [2011 Libyan civil war: ousted Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi's stronghold of Sirte is reportedly close to being conquered by the forces of the National Transitional Council, who have captured the city's airport, hospital, university and conference centre. ](/news/2011/10/9/2011-libyan-civil-war-ousted-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-s-stronghold-of-sirte-is-reportedly-close-to-being-conquered-by-the-forces-of.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War_
7. [Aftermath of Libyan civil war: The United Nations Security Council confirms that the NATO-enforced no-fly zone over Libya will be terminated on October 31. ](/news/2011/10/27/aftermath-of-libyan-civil-war-pthe-united-nations-security-council-confirms-that-the-nato-enforced-no-fly-zone-over-libya-will-be-terminate.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War_
8. [Aftermath of Libyan Civil War:The bodies of ousted Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi, his son and advisor Mutassim Gaddafi, and former defence minister Abu-Bakr Yunis Jabr are buried in unmarked graves by the National Transitional Council. ](/news/2011/10/25/aftermath-of-libyan-civil-war-pthe-bodies-of-ousted-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-his-son-and-advisor-mutassim-gaddafi-and-former-defenc.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War_
9. [2011 Libyan civil war:Autopsy results reveal that former Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi was killed by a gunshot to the head. ](/news/2011/10/23/2011-libyan-civil-war-pautopsy-results-reveal-that-former-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-was-killed-by-a-gunshot-to-the-head.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War_
10. [Libyan Civil War:NATO commander James G. Stavridis announces that NATO plans to conclude its Libyan military intervention, Operation Unified Protector, on October 31. ](/news/2011/10/21/libyan-civil-war-pnato-commander-james-g-stavridis-announces-that-nato-plans-to-conclude-its-libyan-military-intervention-operation-unifie.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War_
