### [2011-06-3](/news/2011/06/3/index.md)

# Yemeni uprising:A rocket attack on the presidential palace in Sana'a during the Battle of Sana'a leaves president Ali Abdullah Saleh lightly injured and seven other top government officials wounded, including Prime Minister Ali Muhammad Mujawar. Four presidential guards and Sheikh Ali Mohsen al-Matari, an imam at the mosque, were killed. 

Hours after surviving the shelling of a mosque at his presidential palace that killed a Muslim preacher and several guards, Yemeni President Ali Abdullah Saleh on Friday insisted he is in good health and blamed &quot;gangsters&quot; for the attack.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2011/WORLD/meast/06/03/yemen.unrest/index.html?section=cnn_latest)
2. [Deseret News](http://www.deseretnews.com/mobile/article/700141205/Yemen-president-wounded-as-tribesmen-strike-palace.html)

### Related:

1. [2011 Yemeni uprising: Thousands of Yemeni protesters march from the city of Taez to the capital Sana'a to demand a trial for outgoing President Ali Abdullah Saleh for alleged crimes against anti-government protesters. ](/news/2011/12/21/2011-yemeni-uprising-thousands-of-yemeni-protesters-march-from-the-city-of-taez-to-the-capital-sana-a-to-demand-a-trial-for-outgoing-presid.md) _Context: 2011 Yemeni uprising, Saleh, Sanaa_
2. [2011 Yemeni uprising: At least 12 people die in another major outbreak of fighting in the Yemeni capital Sana'a between supporters and opponents of President Ali Abdullah Saleh. ](/news/2011/10/17/2011-yemeni-uprising-at-least-12-people-die-in-another-major-outbreak-of-fighting-in-the-yemeni-capital-sana-a-between-supporters-and-oppon.md) _Context: 2011 Yemeni uprising, Saleh, Sanaa_
3. [2011 Yemeni uprising:3 people are killed and 18 others are wounded as troops shoot at medics, witnesses and people protesting against the Saleh regime in Ibb, Ta'izz and Sana'a, though Saleh remains defiant. Qatar withdraws from mediation efforts, saying Saleh has been full of "indecision and delays". ](/news/2011/05/13/2011-yemeni-uprising-p3-people-are-killed-and-18-others-are-wounded-as-troops-shoot-at-medics-witnesses-and-people-protesting-against-the-s.md) _Context: 2011 Yemeni uprising, Saleh, Sanaa_
4. [Saudi-led airstrikes target the Sana'a home of former President of Yemen Ali Abdullah Saleh. ](/news/2015/05/10/saudi-led-airstrikes-target-the-sana-a-home-of-former-president-of-yemen-ali-abdullah-saleh.md) _Context: Saleh, Sanaa_
5. [Shiite Houthi rebels seize a Yemeni military base south of the capital, Sana'a, where U.S. military advisers once trained Yemeni counterterrorism forces to fight Al-Qaeda in the south of the country. Forces loyal to former President Ali Abdullah Saleh had manned the captured base. ](/news/2015/01/29/shiite-houthi-rebels-seize-a-yemeni-military-base-south-of-the-capital-sana-a-where-u-s-military-advisers-once-trained-yemeni-counterterr.md) _Context: Saleh, Sanaa_
6. [The airport at the Yemeni capital Sana'a is closed after forces loyal to General Mohammed Saleh al-Ahmar, the former Chief of the Air Force and half-brother of former President Ali Abdullah Saleh, threaten to attack aircraft. ](/news/2012/04/7/the-airport-at-the-yemeni-capital-sana-a-is-closed-after-forces-loyal-to-general-mohammed-saleh-al-ahmar-the-former-chief-of-the-air-force.md) _Context: Saleh, Sanaa_
7. [2011 Yemeni uprising:Tens of thousands of Yemenis protest against an immunity deal for former President Ali Abdullah Saleh demanding he face trial for deaths in the 2011 Yemeni uprising. ](/news/2011/12/30/2011-yemeni-uprising-ptens-of-thousands-of-yemenis-protest-against-an-immunity-deal-for-former-president-ali-abdullah-saleh-demanding-he-fac.md) _Context: 2011 Yemeni uprising, Saleh_
8. [2011 Yemeni uprising: Labour strikes take place in Yemen as protesters demand reforms and the dismissal of managers over alleged corruption under the regime of outgoing President Ali Abdullah Saleh. ](/news/2011/12/28/2011-yemeni-uprising-labour-strikes-take-place-in-yemen-as-protesters-demand-reforms-and-the-dismissal-of-managers-over-alleged-corruption.md) _Context: 2011 Yemeni uprising, Saleh_
9. [2011 Yemeni uprising: Hundreds of thousands of protesters demonstrate in Yemen calling for the trial of President Ali Abdullah Saleh. ](/news/2011/12/11/2011-yemeni-uprising-hundreds-of-thousands-of-protesters-demonstrate-in-yemen-calling-for-the-trial-of-president-ali-abdullah-saleh.md) _Context: 2011 Yemeni uprising, Saleh_
10. [Following months of violent protests against his 33-year rule, Yemen's President Ali Abdullah Saleh says he will leave office "within 90 days" of an agreement regarding elections with the regional Gulf Cooperation Council.](/news/2011/11/15/following-months-of-violent-protests-against-his-33-year-rule-yemen-s-president-ali-abdullah-saleh-says-he-will-leave-office-within-90-day.md) _Context: 2011 Yemeni uprising, Saleh_
