### [2002-10-30](/news/2002/10/30/index.md)

#  The European Union accuses tobacco company R. J. Reynolds of selling black market cigarettes to drug traffickers and mobsters from Italy, Russia, Colombia and the Balkans.




### Related:

1. [British American Tobacco offers to buy out U.S. cigarette maker Reynolds American Inc in a $47 billion takeover that would create the world's biggest listed tobacco company. ](/news/2016/10/21/british-american-tobacco-offers-to-buy-out-u-s-cigarette-maker-reynolds-american-inc-in-a-47-billion-takeover-that-would-create-the-world.md) _Context: cigarette, tobacco_
2. [Greece recalls its ambassador to Austria in response to Austria's hosting of a meeting with Balkan states, to which Greece was not invited, about European migrant crisis policies that would make it harder for migrants to head north across Europe. Greece's foreign ministry called the move an "unfriendly act." More than 100,000 migrants have entered the EU illegally so far in 2016, nearly all of them arriving in Greece. ](/news/2016/02/25/greece-recalls-its-ambassador-to-austria-in-response-to-austria-s-hosting-of-a-meeting-with-balkan-states-to-which-greece-was-not-invited.md) _Context: Balkans, EU_
3. [Eleven European and Balkan leaders meet about the migrant crisis at an emergency summit in Brussels, Belgium; Turkey did not attend. The Prime Minister of Slovenia says the EU will 'start falling apart' within weeks if the migrant crisis continues unchecked. Huge divisions remain among EU states over how to deal with the influx of hundreds of thousands of migrants. ](/news/2015/10/25/eleven-european-and-balkan-leaders-meet-about-the-migrant-crisis-at-an-emergency-summit-in-brussels-belgium-turkey-did-not-attend-the-pri.md) _Context: Balkans, EU_
4. [Philip Morris International, the world's largest tobacco corporation, threatens to sue the Australian government in relation to its introduction of plain, brandless cigarette packing. ](/news/2011/06/27/philip-morris-international-the-world-s-largest-tobacco-corporation-threatens-to-sue-the-australian-government-in-relation-to-its-introduc.md) _Context: cigarette, tobacco_
5. [ A United States federal appeals court blocks a landmark judgment against the tobacco industry clearing the way for selling "light" and "low tar" cigarettes until industry appeals can be reviewed. ](/news/2006/10/31/a-united-states-federal-appeals-court-blocks-a-landmark-judgment-against-the-tobacco-industry-clearing-the-way-for-selling-light-and-low.md) _Context: cigarette, tobacco_
6. [ Canada and European Union plan to impose a 15% tariff on some US exports because Washington has not repealed anti-dumping law the Byrd Amendment. World Trade Organization declared the law illegal last August. The products include paper, cigarettes, oysters and live swine ](/news/2005/03/31/canada-and-european-union-plan-to-impose-a-15-tariff-on-some-us-exports-because-washington-has-not-repealed-anti-dumping-law-the-byrd-amen.md) _Context: EU, cigarette_
7. [The European Court of Justice dismisses complaints by Slovakia and Hungary about EU migration policy, upholding Brussels' right to force member states to take in asylum seekers. ](/news/2017/09/6/the-european-court-of-justice-dismisses-complaints-by-slovakia-and-hungary-about-eu-migration-policy-upholding-brusselsa-right-to-force-m.md) _Context: EU_
8. [Pope Francis arrives in Colombia for a five-day visit. In early 2016, Francis promised he would visit the South American country once a civil war peace agreement was in place. ](/news/2017/09/6/pope-francis-arrives-in-colombia-for-a-five-day-visit-in-early-2016-francis-promised-he-would-visit-the-south-american-country-once-a-civi.md) _Context: Colombia_
9. [Venezuela's National Commission of Telecommunications (Conatel) takes Colombian television channels Caracol Television and RCN Television off air due to their coverage of the 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. ](/news/2017/08/24/venezuela-s-national-commission-of-telecommunications-conatel-takes-colombian-television-channels-caracol-televisia3n-and-rcn-televisia3n.md) _Context: Colombia_
10. [The European Union's executive branch sends a formal notice to Poland expressing their concern that the new "discretionary" powers given to the country's justice minister threaten the independence of the courts in violation of EU laws. Poland has a month to respond. ](/news/2017/07/29/the-european-union-s-executive-branch-sends-a-formal-notice-to-poland-expressing-their-concern-that-the-new-discretionary-powers-given-to.md) _Context: EU_
