### [2006-08-20](/news/2006/08/20/index.md)

#  With nearly all votes counted, the presidential election in the Democratic Republic of Congo heads toward a run-off election after neither candidate wins a fifty percent majority. Full provisional results show Joseph Kabila with 44.81 percent of the vote, to Jean-Pierre Bemba's 20.03 percent. There have been reports of automatic gunfire, and MLC representatives accused Kabila's Republican Guard of killing one of its men and injuring three policemen. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L20857016.htm)
2. [SBS](http://www9.sbs.com.au/theworldnews/region.php?id=130843&region=5)

### Related:

1. [ Joseph Kabila and Jean-Pierre Bemba face-off in the presidential run-off election in Democratic Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2006/10/28/joseph-kabila-and-jean-pierre-bemba-face-off-in-the-presidential-run-off-election-in-democratic-republic-of-the-congo.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Jean-Pierre Bemba, Joseph Kabila, presidential candidate in 2006_
2. [ Joseph Kabila, the first freely elected leader of the Democratic Republic of the Congo in 40 years, is inaugurated as President. ](/news/2006/12/6/joseph-kabila-the-first-freely-elected-leader-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-in-40-years-is-inaugurated-as-president.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Joseph Kabila, presidential candidate in 2006_
3. [ Joseph Kabila wins the presidential run-off election in the Democratic Republic of the Congo with 58% of the vote according to the electoral commission. His opponent Jean-Pierre Bemba claims that there were widespread instances of fraud. ](/news/2006/11/15/joseph-kabila-wins-the-presidential-run-off-election-in-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-with-58-of-the-vote-according-to-the-electora.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Jean-Pierre Bemba, Joseph Kabila_
4. [ Democratic Republic of the Congo general election: As a meeting between Bemba and foreign ambassadors representing the International Committee Accompanying the Transition to Democracy (CIAT) is taking place in Kinshasa, clashes break between Kabila and Bemba forces; Bemba's residence, hosting the meeting, comes under attack, reportedly by heavy machine guns and artillery. Several hours later, the UN spokesperson in the DRC, Jean-Tobias Okala, announced the foreign diplomats, including MONUC chief William Swing, were successfully evacuated to UN headquarters. ](/news/2006/08/21/democratic-republic-of-the-congo-general-election-as-a-meeting-between-bemba-and-foreign-ambassadors-representing-the-international-commit.md) _Context: Jean-Pierre Bemba, Joseph Kabila, presidential candidate in 2006_
5. [Former Congolese Vice President and warlord Jean-Pierre Bemba, sentenced last year by the International Criminal Court (ICC) to 18 years in prison for war crimes, is given an additional 12 months and fined 300,000 euros for bribing witnesses during an earlier ICC trial. The court also handed jail terms and fines for alleged interference in his trial to members of his legal team. ](/news/2017/03/22/former-congolese-vice-president-and-warlord-jean-pierre-bemba-sentenced-last-year-by-the-international-criminal-court-icc-to-18-years-in.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Jean-Pierre Bemba_
6. [Clashes between security forces and anti-government protesters demanding the resignation of President Joseph Kabila reportedly leave more than 20 people dead in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2016/12/20/clashes-between-security-forces-and-anti-government-protesters-demanding-the-resignation-of-president-joseph-kabila-reportedly-leave-more-th.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Joseph Kabila_
7. [A day after street violence in the Democratic Republic of the Congo between protesters opposed to President Joseph Kabila and security forces left at least 44 dead, armed men in military uniforms burn down the headquarters of the main opposition Union for Democracy and Social Progress (UDPS) in Kinshasa, DR Congo, killing at least two people. ](/news/2016/09/20/a-day-after-street-violence-in-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-between-protesters-opposed-to-president-joseph-kabila-and-security-force.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Joseph Kabila_
8. [A Democratic Republic of the Congo protest calling for the resignation of President Joseph Kabila turns violent in Kinshasa, leaving at least 17 people dead, including three police officers. Opposition groups say that 50 people died. ](/news/2016/09/19/a-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-protest-calling-for-the-resignation-of-president-joseph-kabila-turns-violent-in-kinshasa-leaving-at-leas.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Joseph Kabila_
9. [Jean-Pierre Bemba, leader of the Movement for the Liberation of the Congo, and a former Congolese vice president, is sentenced to 18 years in prison by the International Criminal Court for war crimes, and for sexual violence crimes against humanity in neighboring Central African Republic during 2002 and 2003. ](/news/2016/06/21/jean-pierre-bemba-leader-of-the-movement-for-the-liberation-of-the-congo-and-a-former-congolese-vice-president-is-sentenced-to-18-years-i.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Jean-Pierre Bemba_
10. [The International Criminal Court finds ex-Vice President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo Jean-Pierre Bemba guilty of war crimes. Bemba is accused of not taking steps to stop his militia from committing mass murder, rape and pillage in neighbouring Central African Republic. ](/news/2016/03/21/the-international-criminal-court-finds-ex-vice-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-jean-pierre-bemba-guilty-of-war-crimes-bem.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Jean-Pierre Bemba_
