### [2015-04-13](/news/2015/04/13/index.md)

# Libyan Civil War (2014-present). In Tripoli, the Moroccan Embassy is damaged by a bomb explosion just hours after gunmen assault the South Korean mission. ISIL loyalists take credit for both attacks. 




### Source:

1. [New York Daily News](http://www.nydailynews.com/news/world/isis-claim-attacks-2-embassies-libya-article-1.2183229)

### Related:

1. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). A motorcade carrying prime minister Fayez al-Sarraj of the internationally recognized Government of National Accord, is attacked by unidentified gunmen in Tripoli. There were no injuries reported. ](/news/2017/02/20/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-a-motorcade-carrying-prime-minister-fayez-al-sarraj-of-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-natio.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Tripoli_
2. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). At least eight are killed in clashes in Tripoli, Libya. ](/news/2016/12/2/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-eight-are-killed-in-clashes-in-tripoli-libya.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Tripoli_
3. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). An ISIL sniper in Sirte, Libya, shoots dead Dutch photographer and war correspondent Jeroen Oerlemans. ](/news/2016/10/2/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-an-isil-sniper-in-sirte-libya-shoots-dead-dutch-photographer-and-war-correspondent-jeroen-oerlemans.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
4. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The United States launches airstrikes on ISIL positions in the Libyan city of Sirte following a request from the UN-backed Government of National Accord. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj, in a televised address, says the strikes have caused "heavy ISIL losses". ](/news/2016/08/1/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-united-states-launches-airstrikes-on-isil-positions-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte-following-a-request-f.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
5. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The self-declared National Salvation government, one of the rival governments of Libya, resigns and gives up power to the UN-backed Libyan Presidential Council in Tripoli. ](/news/2016/04/6/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-self-declared-national-salvation-government-one-of-the-rival-governments-of-libya-resigns-and-gives.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Tripoli_
6. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). Two security guards are killed while repelling an ISIL attack on the Bayda oil field, near the town of Marada, Libya. ](/news/2016/04/2/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-two-security-guards-are-killed-while-repelling-an-isil-attack-on-the-bayda-oil-field-near-the-town-of-ma.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
7. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The United Nations-backed Libyan Presidential Council arrives in Tripoli despite warnings by hardliners opposed to any unity government that they will attempt to keep them out of the city. ](/news/2016/03/30/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-united-nations-backed-libyan-presidential-council-arrives-in-tripoli-despite-warnings-by-hardliners-o.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Tripoli_
8. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). Blasts and gunfire are reported in Tripoli. ](/news/2016/03/30/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-blasts-and-gunfire-are-reported-in-tripoli.md) _Context: Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Tripoli_
9. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). Senior Libyan military officials say French special forces are on the ground in Benghazi helping Libyan National Army troops fight ISIL militants. They said that the French forces, along with American and British teams, are setting up an operations room inside Benina International Airport in Benina. The French defense ministry declined to comment, citing a policy not to comment on special forces' activities. ](/news/2016/02/24/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-senior-libyan-military-officials-say-french-special-forces-are-on-the-ground-in-benghazi-helping-libyan-n.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
10. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). Military intervention against ISIL. United States Air Force warplanes carry out airstrikes on ISIL in western Libya, near the Tunisian border, reportedly killing at least 38 people. ](/news/2016/02/19/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-military-intervention-against-isil-united-states-air-force-warplanes-carry-out-airstrikes-on-isil-in-wes.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
