### [2015-04-13](/news/2015/04/13/index.md)

# Russian president Vladimir Putin lifts the ban on delivery of S-300 missile air defense systems to Iran in connection to the nuclear dialogue. Israel and the United States oppose the deal on the grounds that Iran is a state sponsor of terrorism.  

The Russian president has repealed the ban prohibiting the delivery of S-300 missile air defense systems to Iran, according to the Kremlin&#039;s press service. The ban was introduced by former President Dmitry Medvedev in 2010.


### Source:

1. [RT](http://rt.com/news/249229-russia-s300-delivery-iran/)

### Related:

1. [Iran holds talks with Russia over buying an upgraded version of the S-300 surface-to-air missile defense system. ](/news/2016/02/22/iran-holds-talks-with-russia-over-buying-an-upgraded-version-of-the-s-300-surface-to-air-missile-defense-system.md) _Context: Iran, Russia, S-300_
2. [Russia begins deliveries of its S-300 air defense systems to Iran. ](/news/2015/12/3/russia-begins-deliveries-of-its-s-300-air-defense-systems-to-iran.md) _Context: Iran, Russia, S-300_
3. [Russia announces plans to sell Iran S-300 ground-to-air missiles, stating that the new United Nations sanctions do not cover stationary air defense weaponry. ](/news/2010/06/10/russia-announces-plans-to-sell-iran-s-300-ground-to-air-missiles-stating-that-the-new-united-nations-sanctions-do-not-cover-stationary-air.md) _Context: Iran, Russia, S-300_
4. [ An Israeli psychiatrist and reserve officer is charged with giving classified information to Iran, Russia and Hamas. ](/news/2007/11/23/an-israeli-psychiatrist-and-reserve-officer-is-charged-with-giving-classified-information-to-iran-russia-and-hamas.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Russia_
5. [ The Interfax news agency reports that Russian security forces have received a warning of plans to assassinate the President of Russia Vladimir Putin in Iran.](/news/2007/10/14/the-interfax-news-agency-reports-that-russian-security-forces-have-received-a-warning-of-plans-to-assassinate-the-president-of-russia-vladi.md) _Context: Iran, Russia, Vladimir Putin_
6. [Russian president Vladimir Putin attends the International Arctic Forum in Arkhangelsk, Russia. He says there that he is ready to meet U.S. President Donald Trump in Helsinki, Finland. ](/news/2017/03/30/russian-president-vladimir-putin-attends-the-international-arctic-forum-in-arkhangelsk-russia-he-says-there-that-he-is-ready-to-meet-u-s.md) _Context: Russia, Vladimir Putin_
7. [French National Front presidential candidate Marine Le Pen meets with Russian president Vladimir Putin and afterwards urges that European Union sanctions on Russia be lifted. ](/news/2017/03/24/french-national-front-presidential-candidate-marine-le-pen-meets-with-russian-president-vladimir-putin-and-afterwards-urges-that-european-un.md) _Context: Russia, Vladimir Putin_
8. [At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that   civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized.  Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol-takes-effect-m.md) _Context: Russia, Vladimir Putin_
9. [The second day of peace negotiations in Astana, Kazakhstan, end with the sponsors of the talks, Russia, Turkey and Iran, agreeing to set up commission between the three to monitor and enforce the fragile ceasefire to the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/24/the-second-day-of-peace-negotiations-in-astana-kazakhstan-end-with-the-sponsors-of-the-talks-russia-turkey-and-iran-agreeing-to-set-up.md) _Context: Iran, Russia_
10. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Russia, Vladimir Putin_
