### [2015-04-13](/news/2015/04/13/index.md)

# United States presidential election, 2016. Florida Senator Marco Rubio announces his candidacy for the Republican nomination in the 2016 presidential election. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/04/13/politics/election-2016-marco-rubio-presidential-campaign/)

### Related:

1. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: Florida, Marco Rubio, Republican_
2. [United States presidential election, 2016. Marco Rubio wins the Puerto Rican Republican Party primary. ](/news/2016/03/6/united-states-presidential-election-2016-marco-rubio-wins-the-puerto-rican-republican-party-primary.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Marco Rubio, Republican_
3. [United States presidential election, 2016. Republican Party voters, in precinct gatherings, hold the Nevada caucuses with Donald Trump winning, Marco Rubio coming second, and Ted Cruz finishing in third place. ](/news/2016/02/23/united-states-presidential-election-2016-republican-party-voters-in-precinct-gatherings-hold-the-nevada-caucuses-with-donald-trump-winni.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Marco Rubio, Republican_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016. Republican candidate Ted Cruz fires campaign spokesman Rick Tyler who posted incorrect information on Twitter about candidate Marco Rubio. ](/news/2016/02/22/united-states-presidential-election-2016-republican-candidate-ted-cruz-fires-campaign-spokesman-rick-tyler-who-posted-incorrect-informatio.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Marco Rubio, Republican_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016. Retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson tells a Florida television station that he would run for the Republican Party nomination with a formal announcement to be made in the city of Detroit, Michigan, where he grew up. ](/news/2015/05/3/united-states-presidential-election-2016-retired-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-tells-a-florida-television-station-that-he-would-run-for-the-repu.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Florida, Republican_
6. [United States presidential election, 2016. Republican campaign manager Kellyanne Conway dismisses allegations of Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election, calling the claims "laughable and ridiculous". ](/news/2016/12/11/united-states-presidential-election-2016-republican-campaign-manager-kellyanne-conway-dismisses-allegations-of-russian-interference-in-the.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican_
7. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016. Although he lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.. The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016-although-he-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nominee-for.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican_
8. [United States presidential election, 2016. Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton and Republican Party nominee Donald Trump hold the first presidential debate of the 2016 presidential election at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York. ](/news/2016/09/26/united-states-presidential-election-2016-democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-republican-party-nominee-donald-trump-hold-the-first.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican_
9. [United States presidential election, 2016. The Commission on Presidential Debates officially announces the invitation of Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton, and GOP nominee Donald Trump, to the first presidential debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York, on September 26. However, third party candidates, Gary Johnson and Jill Stein, have not met the criteria, and will not be participants in the debate. ](/news/2016/09/16/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-commission-on-presidential-debates-officially-announces-the-invitation-of-democratic-party-no.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican_
10. [United States presidential election, 2016. A Filipino lawmaker proposes a bill banning Republican U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the Philippines after Trump compared Filipino legal immigrants to terrorists. ](/news/2016/08/8/united-states-presidential-election-2016-a-filipino-lawmaker-proposes-a-bill-banning-republican-u-s-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-f.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican_
