### [2014-11-21](/news/2014/11/21/index.md)

# The United States House of Representatives files a lawsuit against President Barack Obama for executive actions undertaken in relation to the implementation of the Affordable Care Act. 




### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/politics-news/house-gop-file-lawsuit-against-obama-n253456)

### Related:

1. [The United States Senate and House of Representatives override the veto of President Barack Obama in regards to the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. The act narrows the scope of the legal doctrine of foreign sovereign immunity, specifically, in this instance against the sovereign nation of Saudi Arabia. The action is the first such congressional veto override to Obama. ](/news/2016/09/28/the-united-states-senate-and-house-of-representatives-override-the-veto-of-president-barack-obama-in-regards-to-the-justice-against-sponsors.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. House, president_
2. [The U.S. House passes the 2016 National Defense Authorization Act by a vote of 370-58.  In addition to funding the U.S. military, the bill contains provisions for sweeping personnel reforms. The previous version of the bill was vetoed by President Barack Obama.  Some sources expect swift passage by the U.S. Senate while other sources are not so optimistic. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-u-s-house-passes-the-2016-national-defense-authorization-act-by-a-vote-of-370-58-in-addition-to-funding-the-u-s-military-the-bill-c.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. House, president_
3. [The United States House of Representatives votes to grant President Barack Obama fast track authority for the Trans-Pacific Partnership. ](/news/2015/06/25/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-to-grant-president-barack-obama-fast-track-authority-for-the-trans-pacific-partnership.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. House, president_
4. [The President of the United States Barack Obama announces executive orders to defer the deportations of a certain group of illegal immigrants: parents whose children are already U.S. citizens and legal permanent residents who have lived in the United States for five years or more. ](/news/2014/11/20/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-executive-orders-to-defer-the-deportations-of-a-certain-group-of-illegal-immigrant.md) _Context: Barack Obama, executive actions, president_
5. [The United States Court of Appeals for the Eleventh Circuit strikes down the health insurance mandate of President Barack Obama's Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. ](/news/2011/08/12/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-eleventh-circuit-strikes-down-the-health-insurance-mandate-of-president-barack-obama-s-patient-pr.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, president_
6. [U.S. Representative Anthony Weiner of New York resigns his office amidst pressure from Democratic leadership and President Barack Obama after admitting to sending lewd photos via Twitter. ](/news/2011/06/16/u-s-representative-anthony-weiner-of-new-york-resigns-his-office-amidst-pressure-from-democratic-leadership-and-president-barack-obama-afte.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. House, president_
7. [The President of the United States Barack Obama addresses the nation about the 2011 Tucson shooting following a visit to Representative Gabrielle Giffords in hospital. ](/news/2011/01/12/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-addresses-the-nation-about-the-2011-tucson-shooting-following-a-visit-to-representative-gabr.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. House, president_
8. [The United States Department of Justice states that it will appeal a decision by United States federal judge Royce C. Lamberth to block an executive order by President Barack Obama to expand embryonic stem cell research. ](/news/2010/08/24/the-united-states-department-of-justice-states-that-it-will-appeal-a-decision-by-united-states-federal-judge-royce-c-lamberth-to-block-an-e.md) _Context: Barack Obama, executive actions, president_
9. [United States President Barack Obama signs the health care reform bill into law. ](/news/2010/03/23/united-states-president-barack-obama-signs-the-health-care-reform-bill-into-law.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, president_
10. [The United States House of Representatives approaches a vote on a replacement plan for the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (aka Obamacare). ](/news/2017/03/23/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-approaches-a-vote-on-a-replacement-plan-for-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-aka-o.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, U.S. House_
