### [2014-11-21](/news/2014/11/21/index.md)

# The death toll from a snowstorm in western New York State reaches 13, with local heavy flooding expected in the United States this week. 

A killer snowstorm that has killed 13 people in western New York state could be followed by severe flooding next week, authorities say.


### Source:

1. [AAP via SBS News](http://www.sbs.com.au/news/article/2014/11/22/death-toll-climbs-killer-us-snowstorm)

### Related:

1. [A giant snowstorm covers half the United States causing at least eight deaths and causing widespread disruption of flights. Areas near the city of Buffalo in New York state are worst affected with at least six deaths. ](/news/2014/11/19/a-giant-snowstorm-covers-half-the-united-states-causing-at-least-eight-deaths-and-causing-widespread-disruption-of-flights-areas-near-the-c.md) _Context: New York State, United States, snowstorm_
2. [United States presidential election, 2016. Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016. Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016. Voters in the U.S. state of New York go to the polls for a primary election with Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump expected to win the respective contests for their parties in that state. ](/news/2016/04/19/united-states-presidential-election-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-vot.md) _Context: New York State, United States_
3. [In the United States, Suffolk County police ask the FBI for more help in their investigation of a possible serial killer who preyed on prostitutes and left their bodies strewn along a Long Island beach in New York. Ten bodies were found along an isolated stretch of the South Shore's Gilgo Beach between December 2010 and April 2011. ](/news/2015/12/10/in-the-united-states-suffolk-county-police-ask-the-fbi-for-more-help-in-their-investigation-of-a-possible-serial-killer-who-preyed-on-prost.md) _Context: New York State, United States_
4. [January 2015 nor'easter. The blizzard begins as an ongoing winter storm across the Central and Eastern United States. States of New Jersey through New York and New England enact blizzard warnings. ](/news/2015/01/26/january-2015-nor-easter-the-blizzard-begins-as-an-ongoing-winter-storm-across-the-central-and-eastern-united-states-states-of-new-jersey-t.md) _Context: New York State, United States_
5. [Two firefighters are shot and killed and two others are injured while responding to a fire in Webster, New York, United States. ](/news/2012/12/24/two-firefighters-are-shot-and-killed-and-two-others-are-injured-while-responding-to-a-fire-in-webster-new-york-united-states.md) _Context: New York State, United States_
6. [A multiple-vehicle collision on the Long Island Expressway in Shirley, Suffolk County, New York, United States leaves one person dead and at least 32 injured. ](/news/2012/12/19/a-multiple-vehicle-collision-on-the-long-island-expressway-in-shirley-suffolk-county-new-york-united-states-leaves-one-person-dead-and-at.md) _Context: New York State, United States_
7. [Bollywood actor Shahrukh Khan is detained by the United States for 90 minutes at a New York airport; the detention draws ire from India's External Affairs Minister S. M. Krishna. ](/news/2012/04/13/bollywood-actor-shahrukh-khan-is-detained-by-the-united-states-for-90-minutes-at-a-new-york-airport-the-detention-draws-ire-from-india-s-ex.md) _Context: New York State, United States_
8. [Frisking of A. P. J. Abdul Kalam by the United States:. Former President of India A. P. J. Abdul Kalam is frisked and has his clothes inspected for explosives by officials in New York, with the United States apologising for its breach of protocol. ](/news/2011/11/13/frisking-of-a-p-j-abdul-kalam-by-the-united-states-former-president-of-india-a-p-j-abdul-kalam-is-frisked-and-has-his-clothes-inspec.md) _Context: New York State, United States_
9. [Pakistani scientist Aafia Siddiqui is sentenced to 86 years in jail in a New York federal court for trying to kill United States soldiers in Afghanistan. ](/news/2010/09/23/pakistani-scientist-aafia-siddiqui-is-sentenced-to-86-years-in-jail-in-a-new-york-federal-court-for-trying-to-kill-united-states-soldiers-in.md) _Context: New York State, United States_
10. [Hurricane Earl. A tropical storm warning is issued for the coast of Long Island in New York as Hurricane Earl approaches the east coast of the United States. ](/news/2010/09/2/hurricane-earl-a-tropical-storm-warning-is-issued-for-the-coast-of-long-island-in-new-york-as-hurricane-earl-approaches-the-east-coast-of-t.md) _Context: New York State, United States_
