### [2004-09-30](/news/2004/09/30/index.md)

#  At least three people are killed by U.S. air raids on the insurgent held city of Fallujah. Locals say civilians are among the dead, but the U.S. maintains they struck a safe house of the Jordanian militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi. Just outside Baghdad, a rocket fired at a US military support base killed one coalition soldier. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3702710.stm)
2. [Financial Times](http://news.ft.com/cms/s/3d40c9a2-1242-11d9-863e-00000e2511c8.html)

### Related:

1. [ U.S. air raids in the city of Fallujah, allegedly aimed at militants loyal to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, kill an estimated 60 fighters, according to claims from the U.S. military. A spokesman for Iraq's health ministry says at least two women and 17 children were among the wounded. Meanwhile, in central Baghdad, a suicide car bomb leaves at least 13 dead. ](/news/2004/09/17/u-s-air-raids-in-the-city-of-fallujah-allegedly-aimed-at-militants-loyal-to-abu-musab-al-zarqawi-kill-an-estimated-60-fighters-accordin.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Baghdad, Fallujah, airstrike_
2. [ The "pre-election offensive" against the Iraqi resistance continues in the rebel-held city of Fallujah, with air-strikes killing at least 16, including women and children. Joint U.S.-Iraqi forces say that they are targeting Jordanian militant Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, who is linked to al-Qaeda. The U.S. military says it is investigating an incident that occurred September 12 in Baghdad in which five people, including an "al-Arabiya" journalist broadcasting live, were killed in a helicopter attack. ](/news/2004/09/13/the-pre-election-offensive-against-the-iraqi-resistance-continues-in-the-rebel-held-city-of-fallujah-with-air-strikes-killing-at-least-1.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Baghdad, Fallujah, Jordan_
3. [ Conflict in Iraq: A U.S. Air Force air strike destroys Haji Hussein, the most popular restaurant in insurgent-controlled Fallujah. The U.S. says the restaurant was being used by militants loyal to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi. Witnesses say two civilian security guards were killed in the attack. ](/news/2004/10/12/conflict-in-iraq-a-u-s-air-force-air-strike-destroys-haji-hussein-the-most-popular-restaurant-in-insurgent-controlled-fallujah-the-u-s.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Conflict in Iraq, Fallujah_
4. [An airstrike by the U.S.-led coalition hit Iraqi forces as the army engaged militants in poor weather conditions south of the city of Fallujah. Official reports state one soldier was killed, and nine were injured, but casualties may be significantly higher. A military medic says he's treated at least 20 for injuries. ](/news/2015/12/18/an-airstrike-by-the-u-s-led-coalition-hit-iraqi-forces-as-the-army-engaged-militants-in-poor-weather-conditions-south-of-the-city-of-falluj.md) _Context: Fallujah, airstrike_
5. [At least 33 people are killed and more than 160 others are wounded during a wave of bombings in Kirkuk, Baqubah, Tikrit, Fallujah, Nassiriyah, Mussayab and Baghdad. ](/news/2013/04/15/at-least-33-people-are-killed-and-more-than-160-others-are-wounded-during-a-wave-of-bombings-in-kirkuk-baqubah-tikrit-fallujah-nassiriya.md) _Context: Baghdad, Fallujah_
6. [5 Iraqi policemen are killed in an overnight shootout in western Baghdad, while 1 policeman is killed at a checkpoint outside Fallujah. ](/news/2010/08/7/5-iraqi-policemen-are-killed-in-an-overnight-shootout-in-western-baghdad-while-1-policeman-is-killed-at-a-checkpoint-outside-fallujah.md) _Context: Baghdad, Fallujah_
7. [Gunmen raided a jewelry shop Saturday morning in western Iraq, killing four people before fleeing with a large amount of gold in Fallujah, 40 miles (65 kilometers) west of Baghdad. ](/news/2010/06/26/gunmen-raided-a-jewelry-shop-saturday-morning-in-western-iraq-killing-four-people-before-fleeing-with-a-large-amount-of-gold-in-fallujah-4.md) _Context: Baghdad, Fallujah_
8. [ Militants fire rockets on a United States military aircraft containing three US Senators (Richard Shelby, Mel Martinez and James Inhofe) as well as Rep. Bud Cramer as it leaves Baghdad for Amman in Jordan. ](/news/2007/08/30/militants-fire-rockets-on-a-united-states-military-aircraft-containing-three-us-senators-richard-shelby-mel-martinez-and-james-inhofe-as.md) _Context: Baghdad, Jordan_
9. [ According to an aide to Iraq's prime minister Nuri al-Maliki, the leader of Al-Qaeda in Iraq and one of the world's most wanted men, Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, was killed by a U.S. air raid. Al-Zarqawi's body was retrieved and visually identified by known scars, tattoos and fingerprints. ](/news/2006/06/8/according-to-an-aide-to-iraq-s-prime-minister-nuri-al-maliki-the-leader-of-al-qaeda-in-iraq-and-one-of-the-world-s-most-wanted-men-abu-mu.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Conflict in Iraq_
10. [ Jordan is to indict Abu Musab al-Zarqawi for bombings that killed over 60 people. ](/news/2006/03/14/jordan-is-to-indict-abu-musab-al-zarqawi-for-bombings-that-killed-over-60-people.md) _Context: Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, Jordan_
