### [2004-09-30](/news/2004/09/30/index.md)

#  Same-sex marriage in the United States: The proposed Federal Marriage Amendment (HJR 106) is rejected by the United States House of Representatives by a vote of 227&ndash;186. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=domesticNews&storyID=6383639)

### Related:

1. [ The United States House of Representatives fails to pass a constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriage with a 236-187 vote; 47 short of the necessary two-thirds support needed to pass an amendment. ](/news/2006/07/18/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-fails-to-pass-a-constitutional-amendment-to-ban-same-sex-marriage-with-a-236-187-vote-47-short.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives, constitutional amendment to ban_
2. [ Senator John Kerry concedes to President George W. Bush "The outcome should be decided by voters, not a protracted legal process", Kerry said. "I would not give up if there was a chance we could prevail." [http://reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6703896 (Reuters)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/3980533.stm (BBC)] Republican President George W. Bush wins the popular vote, receiving 3.58 million more votes than Democratic Senator John Kerry. (51.6% to 48.4%, 59.0 million to 55.4 million) Claiming victory in the swing state of Ohio, Bush will probably have more than the 270 votes needed when the U.S. Electoral College meets on December 13. [http://www.cnn.com/ELECTION/2004/ (CNN)] The Republican Party widens its majority in the Senate and House of Representatives. Democratic Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle concedes defeat to Republican challenger John Thune, thus becoming the first Senate leader in 52 years to lose a re-election bid and leaving the leadership of the Democratic Party in the Senate open. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/ALLPOLITICS/11/02/senate.main/index.html (CNN)] The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) reports that on November 2, touch-screen electronic voting machines in at least six U.S. states had incorrectly recorded their choices, including for the presidential election. Incorrectly recorded votes make up roughly 20 percent of the e-voting problems. [http://www.eff.org/news/archives/2004_11.php#002062 (EFF)] Same-sex marriage in the United States: Gay rights activists suffer a severe setback when state constitutional amendments prohibiting same-sex marriage are passed in eleven states: Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Michigan, Mississippi, Montana, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, Oregon, and Utah. The measures in Oregon, Mississippi, and Montana ban same-sex marriage only, while Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, and Utah ban both same-sex marriage and civil unions and Michigan bans granting any benefits whatsoever to same-sex couples. ](/news/2004/11/3/senator-john-kerry-concedes-to-president-george-w-bush-the-outcome-should-be-decided-by-voters-not-a-protracted-legal-process-kerry-sa.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives, same-sex marriage_
3. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: the House of Representatives today passes legislation preventing federal courts from ordering courts in other states recognize same-sex marriage granted elsewhere. ](/news/2004/07/22/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-the-house-of-representatives-today-passes-legislation-preventing-federal-courts-from-ordering-court.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives, same-sex marriage_
4. [ The Federal Marriage Amendment, a bid by members of the United States Republican Party to amend the United States Constitution to ban same-sex marriage in the United States, fails in the Senate by a larger-than-expected margin. ](/news/2004/07/14/the-federal-marriage-amendment-a-bid-by-members-of-the-united-states-republican-party-to-amend-the-united-states-constitution-to-ban-same.md) _Context: constitutional amendment to ban, same-sex marriage_
5. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: President of the United States George W. Bush urges passage of a constitutional amendment to define marriage as between one man and one woman, as the only way to stop "municipal and judicial activists" from issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples. "If we are to prevent the meaning of marriage from being changed forever, our nation must enact a constitutional amendment." John Kerry denounces the amendment as "toying" or "tampering" with the Constitution of the United States for partisan advantage. ](/news/2004/03/1/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-urges-passage-of-a-constitutional-amendment-to-define.md) _Context: constitutional amendment to ban, same-sex marriage_
6. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: U.S. President George W. Bush announces his support for a constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriage. Bush did not explicitly endorse the Federal Marriage Amendment, proposed by Representative Marilyn Musgrave (R&ndash;Colorado), which has been criticised for potentially also denying states the ability to recognise same-sex civil unions and domestic partnerships. However, he said that the FMA ""meets his principles"" in protecting the ""sanctity of marriage"" between men and women.](/news/2004/02/24/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-u-s-president-george-w-bush-announces-his-support-for-a-constitutional-amendment-to-ban-same-sex.md) _Context: constitutional amendment to ban, same-sex marriage_
7. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: Staff advisors for U.S. President George W. Bush say he will support the proposed Federal Marriage Amendment to the U.S. Constitution which would outlaw same-sex marriage and federalize marriage law, which has been set by individual states since the founding of the country.](/news/2004/02/14/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-staff-advisors-for-u-s-president-george-w-bush-say-he-will-support-the-proposed-federal-marriage.md) _Context: constitutional amendment to ban, same-sex marriage_
8. [The United States House of Representatives pass a bill ending Dodd-Frank regulations. The bill now goes to the Senate where it is expected to not go through. ](/news/2017/06/8/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-pass-a-bill-ending-doddafrank-regulations-the-bill-now-goes-to-the-senate-where-it-is-expected.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
9. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
10. [Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia. ](/news/2017/04/18/democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u-s-house-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-now-health-and-human-serv.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
