### [2007-10-9](/news/2007/10/9/index.md)

#  Christian Von Wernich, a Roman Catholic priest and former police chaplain is sentenced to a life sentence for his role in torture, kidnapping and murder during Argentina's dirty war. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/story/0,10117,22562100-401,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Twelve former officials in the military junta that ruled Argentina between 1976 and 1983 are given life sentences for their roles in the dirty war against political opponents, including Alfredo Astiz. ](/news/2011/10/26/twelve-former-officials-in-the-military-junta-that-ruled-argentina-between-1976-and-1983-are-given-life-sentences-for-their-roles-in-the-dir.md) _Context: Argentina, Dirty War_
2. [ Julio Alberto Poch, a Transavia commercial airline pilot, is arrested in Spain over his alleged role in Argentina's 1976&ndash;1983 "Dirty War". ](/news/2009/09/23/julio-alberto-poch-a-transavia-commercial-airline-pilot-is-arrested-in-spain-over-his-alleged-role-in-argentina-s-1976-ndash-1983-dirty.md) _Context: Argentina, Dirty War_
3. [ A Paris court convicts four men and a girl in the kidnapping, torture and murder of Ilan Halimi, sentencing the ringleader to life in prison. ](/news/2009/07/10/a-paris-court-convicts-four-men-and-a-girl-in-the-kidnapping-torture-and-murder-of-ilan-halimi-sentencing-the-ringleader-to-life-in-priso.md) _Context: kidnapped, torture_
4. [ An Argentine federal court overturns the pardons issued to General Jorge Videla and former Admiral Emilio Massera following convictions received for their activities during the "Dirty War" of the 1970s. The repeal of the pardons is largely symbolic, since the two are already under house arrest and serving lengthy sentences for other crimes. ](/news/2007/04/25/an-argentine-federal-court-overturns-the-pardons-issued-to-general-jorge-videla-and-former-admiral-emilio-massera-following-convictions-rec.md) _Context: Argentina, Dirty War_
5. [ Iraq hanged three men in the first executions in the country since the 2003 invasion. They were part of the Jaish Ansar al-Sunna group and had been convicted of kidnapping and murdering three policemen and abducting, raping and killing Iraqi women. Iraqi President Jalal Talabani refused to sign the death warrants, but his Deputy President Adel Abdul Mehdi signed instead. Talabani has also said he will refuse to sign the death warrant of Saddam Hussein should he be convicted and sentenced to death. ](/news/2005/09/1/iraq-hanged-three-men-in-the-first-executions-in-the-country-since-the-2003-invasion-they-were-part-of-the-jaish-ansar-al-sunna-group-and.md) _Context: kidnapped, police_
6. [ The Supreme Court of Argentina declares unconstitutional two laws that granted immunity to Dirty War human rights abusers. ](/news/2005/06/14/the-supreme-court-of-argentina-declares-unconstitutional-two-laws-that-granted-immunity-to-dirty-war-human-rights-abusers.md) _Context: Argentina, Dirty War_
7. [ A high court in Spain sentences Adolfo Scilingo, former Argentinian navy captain, for 640 years in prison for crimes against humanity during the Dirty War. ](/news/2005/04/19/a-high-court-in-spain-sentences-adolfo-scilingo-former-argentinian-navy-captain-for-640-years-in-prison-for-crimes-against-humanity-durin.md) _Context: Argentina, Dirty War_
8. [ An Argentine ex-naval officer Adolfo Scilingo goes to trial in Spain accused of killing political prisoners during Argentina's "Dirty War". He was declared fit for trial despite a hunger strike. ](/news/2005/01/14/an-argentine-ex-naval-officer-adolfo-scilingo-goes-to-trial-in-spain-accused-of-killing-political-prisoners-during-argentina-s-dirty-war.md) _Context: Argentina, Dirty War_
9. [A two stage attack targeting police kills 5 officers and wounds 11 in the city of el-Arish. A later roadside bomb south of the city wounds a further 6 officers. ](/news/2017/07/17/a-two-stage-attack-targeting-police-kills-5-officers-and-wounds-11-in-the-city-of-el-arish-a-later-roadside-bomb-south-of-the-city-wounds-a.md) _Context: police_
10. [A car knocks down the security fences of the Pink House, the Presidential Palace of Argentina, and then stops in front of the building's gate. The authorities reported that the driver of the vehicle had psychiatric disorders and that, in addition, the security personnel present at the time of the incident was separated from his position. It was also learned that this fact took place on 21 June. ](/news/2017/06/29/a-car-knocks-down-the-security-fences-of-the-pink-house-the-presidential-palace-of-argentina-and-then-stops-in-front-of-the-building-s-gat.md) _Context: Argentina_
