### [2007-10-9](/news/2007/10/9/index.md)

#  The President of France Nicolas Sarkozy travels to Moscow to meet with the President of Russia Vladimir Putin to discuss a broad range of policies including Kosovo, Chechnya, and Iran. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Google](http://afp.google.com/article/ALeqM5ikhbO6ZADhg4D14GChTzFZ--CLgQ)

### Related:

1. [ 2008 South Ossetia war:. President of Russia Dmitry Medvedev and President of France Nicolas Sarkozy announced after talks in Moscow that an agreement to pull Russian forces from Georgia within a month has been reached. The agreement has become possible as EU will send 200 civilian monitors to the area and guarantee that Georgia signs a pledge to not use military force in Abkhazia and South Ossetia again. ](/news/2008/09/8/2008-south-ossetia-war-president-of-russia-dmitry-medvedev-and-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-announced-after-talks-in-moscow-that-a.md) _Context: Moscow, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France, Russian President Vladimir Putin_
2. [ Russian journalist Anna Politkovskaya, famous for her criticism of President Vladimir Putin and his government's actions in Chechnya, is found murdered in Moscow. ](/news/2006/10/7/russian-journalist-anna-politkovskaya-famous-for-her-criticism-of-president-vladimir-putin-and-his-government-s-actions-in-chechnya-is-fo.md) _Context: Chechnya, Moscow, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
3. [Philippines-Russia relations. Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who later had to cut short his visit to Moscow because of terrorist attacks on the Philippine southern island of Mindanao, tells Russia President Vladimir Putin that the Philippines is looking to Russia for modern arms to fight ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/22/philippines-russia-relations-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-who-later-had-to-cut-short-his-visit-to-moscow-because-of-terrorist-at.md) _Context: Moscow, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
4. [A fire at a warehouse in Moscow, Russia, kills at least 17 people, all migrant workers from Kyrgyzstan. The Investigative Committee of Russia, which reports directly to President Vladimir Putin, says a criminal inquiry has been launched. ](/news/2016/08/27/a-fire-at-a-warehouse-in-moscow-russia-kills-at-least-17-people-all-migrant-workers-from-kyrgyzstan-the-investigative-committee-of-russi.md) _Context: Moscow, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
5. [Russia-United States relations, Syrian peace process. War in Donbass. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry leaves for Moscow for talks on Syria and Ukraine with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on Wednesday. Kerry is also expected to discuss the case of Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko, who today was sentenced to 22 years in prison in the city of Donetsk. ](/news/2016/03/22/russia-united-states-relations-syrian-peace-process-war-in-donbass-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-leaves-for-moscow-for-talks-on-sy.md) _Context: Moscow, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
6. [Finland-Russia relations. Finland and Russia agree to impose temporary restrictions at two Arctic border crossing points on the Finnish-Russian border following an increased flow of asylum seekers from Russia to Finland. Under a deal clinched by Russian President Vladimir Putin and Finnish President Sauli Niinisto in Moscow, crossings at two popular entry points, Salla and Raja-Jooseppi, will be reserved only for Finnish, Russian and Belarusian citizens and their family members for a period of 180 days. ](/news/2016/03/22/finland-russia-relations-finland-and-russia-agree-to-impose-temporary-restrictions-at-two-arctic-border-crossing-points-on-the-finnish.md) _Context: Moscow, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
7. [Syrian Civil War. The President of Syria Bashar al-Assad visits Moscow for talks with the President of Russia Vladimir Putin in an unannounced visit. ](/news/2015/10/21/syrian-civil-war-the-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-visits-moscow-for-talks-with-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-in-an-unannounc.md) _Context: Moscow, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
8. [War in Donbass. The President of France Francois Hollande and the Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel call on the President of Russia Vladimir Putin to implement measures agreed on the Minsk ceasefire. ](/news/2015/05/29/war-in-donbass-the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-and-the-chancellor-of-germany-angela-merkel-call-on-the-president-of-russia-vladi.md) _Context: President of France, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
9. [Euromaidan:. President of Ukraine Viktor Yanukovych meets Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow amid mass protests against the relationship between the two. ](/news/2013/12/17/euromaidan-president-of-ukraine-viktor-yanukovych-meets-russian-president-vladimir-putin-in-moscow-amid-mass-protests-against-the-relation.md) _Context: Moscow, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
10. [Russian president Vladimir Putin confirms that Edward Snowden is currently in a Moscow airport's international area; Russia rejects United States extradition demands. ](/news/2013/06/25/russian-president-vladimir-putin-confirms-that-edward-snowden-is-currently-in-a-moscow-airport-s-international-area-russia-rejects-united-s.md) _Context: Moscow, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
