### [2010-12-15](/news/2010/12/15/index.md)

# Credit card companies such as Visa and MasterCard that prevented card-holders from donating money to the whistleblower website WikiLeaks could have their operating licenses taken away in Iceland. A parliament investigation is ongoing. 

Representatives from Mastercard and Visa were called before a parliamentary committee to explain the credit companies’ refusal to process donations to the whistle-blowing website WikiLeaks.


### Source:

1. [Digital Journal](http://www.digitaljournal.com/article/301340)
2. [Rawstory](http://www.rawstory.com/rs/2010/12/mastercard-visa-licenses-revoked-iceland-wikileaks/)

### Related:

1. [USAA, one of the largest financial services companies in the U.S., announced the ending of its long-term relationship with MasterCard. The tenth-largest credit card issuer in the U.S. will replace the old credit cards with Visa cards next year. ](/news/2015/10/26/usaa-one-of-the-largest-financial-services-companies-in-the-u-s-announced-the-ending-of-its-long-term-relationship-with-mastercard-the-t.md) _Context: MasterCard, Visa Inc._
2. [Julian Assange's whistleblowing website Wikileaks announces that it will suspend the publication of classified files and will instead focus on fundraising, after a "financial blockade" by numerous American companies reportedly destroys 95% of the site's revenue. [http://www.guardian.co.uk/media/2011/oct/24/wikileaks-suspends-publishing?newsfeed=true "(The Guardian)"]](/news/2011/10/24/julian-assange-s-whistleblowing-website-wikileaks-announces-that-it-will-suspend-the-publication-of-classified-files-and-will-instead-focus.md) _Context: WikiLeaks, whistleblower_
3. [United Nations special rapporteur on torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment Juan E. Mendez suggests the United States is violating UN rules by refusing unmonitored access to imprisoned United States Army private Bradley Manning, the young serviceman the Obama administration accuses of passing classified information on secret U.S. activities to the WikiLeaks whistleblower website. ](/news/2011/07/12/united-nations-special-rapporteur-on-torture-and-other-cruel-inhuman-or-degrading-treatment-or-punishment-juan-e-ma-c-ndez-suggests-the-unit.md) _Context: WikiLeaks, whistleblower_
4. [It is revealed that the United States has subpoenaed Twitter for personal information regarding people connected to Wikileaks, including founder Julian Assange, suspected source of leaks Bradley Manning, and supporter Birgitta Jonsdottir, a member of Iceland's Althing. ](/news/2011/01/8/it-is-revealed-that-the-united-states-has-subpoenaed-twitter-for-personal-information-regarding-people-connected-to-wikileaks-including-fou.md) _Context: Iceland, WikiLeaks_
5. [NBC News reports that United States investigators have been unable to link Bradley Manning to Julian Assange, founder of the whistleblowing website WikiLeaks. ](/news/2011/01/24/nbc-news-reports-that-united-states-investigators-have-been-unable-to-link-bradley-manning-to-julian-assange-founder-of-the-whistleblowing.md) _Context: WikiLeaks, whistleblower_
6. [A "spy" computer is found in an office next to Icelandic MP Birgitta Jonsdottir who has been the target in the United States Department of Justice/Twitter case concerning the WikiLeaks website. ](/news/2011/01/23/a-spy-computer-is-found-in-an-office-next-to-icelandic-mp-birgitta-jonsdottir-who-has-been-the-target-in-the-united-states-department-of-j.md) _Context: Iceland, WikiLeaks_
7. [A national high-tech crime team in The Hague arrests a 16-year-old male they accuse of disrupting MasterCard and PayPal websites. Both companies previously cut off donations to the WikiLeaks website. ](/news/2010/12/9/a-national-high-tech-crime-team-in-the-hague-arrests-a-16-year-old-male-they-accuse-of-disrupting-mastercard-and-paypal-websites-both-compa.md) _Context: MasterCard, WikiLeaks_
8. [Visa and MasterCard agreed to settle an antitrust lawsuit brought by the U.S. Department of Justice and the attorneys-general of seven states. They agreed to allow their participating merchants to steer customers toward lower-cost options. American Express will fight rather than agree to the terms, it said. ](/news/2010/10/4/visa-and-mastercard-agreed-to-settle-an-antitrust-lawsuit-brought-by-the-u-s-department-of-justice-and-the-attorneys-general-of-seven-state.md) _Context: MasterCard, Visa Inc._
9. [Iceland will vote for a new Althingi (parliament) on November 4 after the collapse of the previous government. ](/news/2017/09/16/iceland-will-vote-for-a-new-ala3-4ingi-parliament-on-november-4-after-the-collapse-of-the-previous-government.md) _Context: Iceland_
10. [Raytheon wins the dismissal of a USD$1 billion whistleblower lawsuit accusing the defense contractor of over billing the U.S. government on a contract for satellite sensors, nearly 18 months after the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit revived the case. ](/news/2017/08/3/raytheon-wins-the-dismissal-of-a-usd-1-billion-whistleblower-lawsuit-accusing-the-defense-contractor-of-over-billing-the-u-s-government-on.md) _Context: whistleblower_
