### [2005-02-8](/news/2005/02/8/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A truce is declared between Israel and the Palestinian Authority.  Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, and Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel,  shook hands at a four-way summit at Sharm el-Sheikh that was also attended by Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Jordan's King Abdullah.  Palestinian organization Hamas says it is not bound by the ceasefire.  




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4245353.stm)

### Related:

1. [President of the United States Barack Obama meets with a range of Middle East leaders in pursuit of peace between Israel and Palestine, including Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu, President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas, King of Jordan Abdullah II and President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak. ](/news/2010/09/1/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-with-a-range-of-middle-east-leaders-in-pursuit-of-peace-between-israel-and-palestine-incl.md) _Context: Abdullah II, Egyptian President, Hosni Mubarak, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister, Jordanian King, Mahmoud Abbas, President of the Palestinian Authority_
2. [ Middle East leaders President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak, President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas, Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert, and King Abdullah II of Jordan meet to support Abbas' leadership of the Palestinian Authority. Olmert announces that he will release 250 Palestinian political prisoners as a gesture of goodwill. ](/news/2007/06/25/middle-east-leaders-president-of-egypt-hosni-mubarak-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-o.md) _Context: Abdullah II, Egyptian President, Hosni Mubarak, Israeli Prime Minister, Jordanian King, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority, President of the Palestinian Authority_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert and the President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas are formally invited to the 2007 Mideast peace conference. ](/news/2007/11/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-the-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-and-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-are-fo.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli Prime Minister, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority, President of the Palestinian Authority_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel freezes the handover of West Bank Palestinian towns to the Palestinian Authority. Israel claims they will resume the handover process when militant groups are disarmed. The Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, had agreed to hand over five West Bank towns to Palestinian control, but thus far has only handed over Tulkarm and Jericho. ](/news/2005/05/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-israel-freezes-the-handover-of-west-bank-palestinian-towns-to-the-palestinian-authority-israel-claims-they.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian, Palestinian Authority_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: In an interview with Yedioth Ahronoth, Israeli Prime Minister, Ariel Sharon, has said he is "very satisfied" with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas's efforts to restore calm.  Sharon pledged to further peace process efforts with Abbas, with a meeting possible within two weeks. ](/news/2005/01/27/israeli-palestinian-conflict-in-an-interview-with-yedioth-ahronoth-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-has-said-he-is-very-satisfied.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Mahmoud Abbas, President of the Palestinian Authority_
6. [ The President of Egypt, Hosni Mubarak, invites the leaders of the Palestinian Authority, Israel, and Jordan to a summit on Sunday to discuss the Palestinian crisis. ](/news/2007/06/21/the-president-of-egypt-hosni-mubarak-invites-the-leaders-of-the-palestinian-authority-israel-and-jordan-to-a-summit-on-sunday-to-discus.md) _Context: Egyptian President, Hosni Mubarak, Israel, Jordan, Palestinian Authority_
7. [ US Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice arrives in Israel to meet with Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2005/02/6/us-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-arrives-in-israel-to-meet-with-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-and-palestinian-authority-preside.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas, President of the Palestinian Authority_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel releases 500 Palestinian prisoners, as a gesture of goodwill to the Palestinian Authority and to its chairman, Mahmoud Abbas. Israel plans to release another 400 Palestinian prisoners within the next 3 months. ](/news/2005/02/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-israel-releases-500-palestinian-prisoners-as-a-gesture-of-goodwill-to-the-palestinian-authority-and-to-its.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian, Palestinian Authority_
9. [ Arab-Israeli conflict: Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel, and Abu Mazen, the President of the Palestinian National Authority, are invited by Egypt to attend a summit at Sharm el-Sheikh. A Jordanian delegation will also attend. ](/news/2005/02/2/arabaisraeli-conflict-p-ariel-sharon-the-prime-minister-of-israel-and-abu-mazen-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-a.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Egypt, Israeli Prime Minister, Jordan, Sharm el-Sheikh_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Jordan, Mahmoud Abbas_
