### [2005-05-5](/news/2005/05/5/index.md)

#  British polls open in the 2005 general election. Voters will elect 645 of the 646 members of the House of Commons. Most expect Tony Blair and his Labour Party to win, but both Michael Howard and the Conservative Party along with Charles Kennedy and the Liberal Democrats are expected to make major gains in Parliament. (Wikinews) 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/vote_2005/frontpage/4514981.stm)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/europe/05/04/british.election/index.html)

### Related:

1. [The Labour Party wins the three by-elections held in the United Kingdom on Thursday. Steve Reed is elected in Croydon North, Andy McDonald in Middlesbrough and Sarah Champion in Rotherham. The UK Independence Party achieve second place in Middlesbrough and Rotherham, beating the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats. ](/news/2012/11/30/the-labour-party-wins-the-three-by-elections-held-in-the-united-kingdom-on-thursday-steve-reed-is-elected-in-croydon-north-andy-mcdonald-i.md) _Context: Conservative, Labour, Liberal Democrats, United Kingdom_
2. [ The Conservative Party gains seven county councils, the Liberal Democrats lose one, and the Labour Party loses four during the United Kingdom's local elections. ](/news/2009/06/6/the-conservative-party-gains-seven-county-councils-the-liberal-democrats-lose-one-and-the-labour-party-loses-four-during-the-united-kingd.md) _Context: Conservative, Labour, Liberal Democrats, United Kingdom_
3. [ United Kingdom: The House of Commons votes to approve an education reform bill. The Prime minister, Tony Blair's authority is called into question for his relying on the opposition Conservative party to secure the vote, due to revolt within his own Labour party. ](/news/2006/03/15/united-kingdom-the-house-of-commons-votes-to-approve-an-education-reform-bill-the-prime-minister-tony-blair-s-authority-is-called-into-q.md) _Context: British House of Commons, Conservative, Labour, Tony Blair_
4. [ British Liberal Democrat leader Charles Kennedy calls for a reform of the UK voting system after Labour took the majority of the seats in the UK election with just 35% of the votes. ](/news/2005/05/26/british-liberal-democrat-leader-charles-kennedy-calls-for-a-reform-of-the-uk-voting-system-after-labour-took-the-majority-of-the-seats-in-t.md) _Context: Charles Kennedy, Labour, Liberal Democrats, United Kingdom_
5. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: Labour, Liberal Democrats, United Kingdom_
6. [The BBC is told that the UK's three main political parties, the Conservatives, Labour and the Liberal Democrats, will declare that whoever forms the government after the next general election will not agree to a currency union with an independent Scotland. ](/news/2014/02/12/the-bbc-is-told-that-the-uk-s-three-main-political-parties-the-conservatives-labour-and-the-liberal-democrats-will-declare-that-whoever-f.md) _Context: Conservative, Labour, Liberal Democrats_
7. [United Kingdom local elections, 2013:Results of the elections show gains for Labour and UKIP and losses for the Liberal Democrats and the Conservative Party.](/news/2013/05/3/united-kingdom-local-elections-2013-presults-of-the-elections-show-gains-for-labour-and-ukip-and-losses-for-the-liberal-democrats-and-the-c.md) _Context: Conservative, Labour, Liberal Democrats_
8. [British Prime Minister David Cameron says he will "win people back" after his party, the Conservatives came third in the Eastleigh by-election behind the Liberal Democrats and UK Independence Party. ](/news/2013/03/1/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-says-he-will-win-people-back-after-his-party-the-conservatives-came-third-in-the-eastleigh-by-electi.md) _Context: Conservative, Liberal Democrats, United Kingdom_
9. [In a BBC interview British Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg promises that the Liberal Democtrats will be "a moderating influence" on the Conservatives and will block planned reforms of the National Health Service unless changes are made to them. ](/news/2011/05/8/in-a-bbc-interview-british-deputy-prime-minister-nick-clegg-promises-that-the-liberal-democtrats-will-be-a-moderating-influence-on-the-con.md) _Context: Conservative, Liberal Democrats, United Kingdom_
10. [In the United Kingdom, Secretary of State for Energy and Climate Change Chris Huhne of Liberal Democrats threatens legal action over "untruths" told by Conservatives opposed to the Alternative Vote system as the country prepares to vote on the issue. ](/news/2011/04/24/in-the-united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-energy-and-climate-change-chris-huhne-of-liberal-democrats-threatens-legal-action-over-untrut.md) _Context: Conservative, Liberal Democrats, United Kingdom_
