### [2005-05-5](/news/2005/05/5/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: An Israeli commander is suspended, pending a full inquiry, from his position following the deaths of two teenage cousins in Beit Lakia, near Ramallah, on May 4. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4516229.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel has carried out a series of raids into the West Bank and the Gaza Strip. Two armed men were shot and killed in Ramallah, while four men were arrested in Gaza City. An Israeli civilian was also killed, and three Israeli soldiers were wounded following an Islamic Jihad attack on Morag, in the southern Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/01/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-has-carried-out-a-series-of-raids-into-the-west-bank-and-the-gaza-strip-two-armed-men-were-shot-and-k.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Ramallah_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian gunmen attack an Israeli army foot patrol near a West Bank village, kills three soldiers and wounds a fourth, rescue services and security sources state. Gunfire attacks near the Palestinian village of Ein Yabrud, east of the town of Ramallah, not far from the Israeli settlement of Ofra.](/news/2003/10/19/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-gunmen-attack-an-israeli-army-foot-patrol-near-a-west-bank-village-kills-three-soldiers-and-woun.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Ramallah_
3. [Israeli security forces begin evicting people from the illegal Amona, Mateh Binyamin, outpost built on private Palestinian-owned land near Ramallah in the central West Bank. The Supreme Court ordered residents to leave the area last year. ](/news/2017/02/1/israeli-security-forces-begin-evicting-people-from-the-illegal-amona-mateh-binyamin-outpost-built-on-private-palestinian-owned-land-near-r.md) _Context: Israel, Ramallah_
4. [Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
5. [Israel claims its forces shot dead five Palestinian attackers in three separate incidents. ](/news/2016/02/14/israel-claims-its-forces-shot-dead-five-palestinian-attackers-in-three-separate-incidents.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
6. [Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-police-in-jerusalem-today-with-two-of-the-attackers-shot-dead-a.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
7. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah and urges him to restart peace talks, before holding talks with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ](/news/2013/04/8/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-ramallah-and-urges-him-to-restart-peace-t.md) _Context: Israel, Ramallah_
8. [Palestinians in Ramallah protest outside the offices of Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas against the 1993 Oslo Peace Accords between Israel and the PLO. ](/news/2012/07/4/palestinians-in-ramallah-protest-outside-the-offices-of-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-against-the-1993-oslo-peace-accords-be.md) _Context: Israel, Ramallah_
9. [President Obama gives a speech in support of the Arab Spring during which he states that the solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict must include Israel reverting its borders back to the pre-1967 borders.](/news/2011/05/19/president-obama-gives-a-speech-in-support-of-the-arab-spring-during-which-he-states-that-the-solution-to-the-israeli-palestinian-conflict-mu.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
10. [A Palestinian man from Ramallah threatens to blow up the Turkish embassy in Tel Aviv, Israel if not offered asylum, but is shot by security staff. ](/news/2010/08/17/a-palestinian-man-from-ramallah-threatens-to-blow-up-the-turkish-embassy-in-tel-aviv-israel-if-not-offered-asylum-but-is-shot-by-security.md) _Context: Israel, Ramallah_
