### [2005-05-5](/news/2005/05/5/index.md)

#  Orthodox Patriarch of Jerusalem Irineos is dismissed following a controversy over the leasing of church-owned lands to groups eager to increase the Jewish presence in the Old City of Jerusalem. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4517223.stm)

### Related:

1. [Israel increases access to the Little Western Wall for worshippers: it is an important Jewish site located in the Muslim Quarter of Jerusalem's Old City. ](/news/2011/01/14/israel-increases-access-to-the-little-western-wall-for-worshippers-it-is-an-important-jewish-site-located-in-the-muslim-quarter-of-jerusale.md) _Context: Jerusalem, Jew_
2. [ The prime minister of Israel Ariel Sharon is transferred to the Hadassah Ein Kerem hospital in Jerusalem after suffering a minor stroke. Meanwhile, some Palestinians have taken to the streets in Gaza to celebrate Sharon's health condition and the Kahane organisation has urged Jews to pray for his death. ](/news/2005/12/18/the-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-is-transferred-to-the-hadassah-ein-kerem-hospital-in-jerusalem-after-suffering-a-minor-stroke-me.md) _Context: Jerusalem, Jew_
3. [ Patriarch Theophilus III is unanimously elected 141st Orthodox Patriarch of Jerusalem by the Holy Synod of the Orthodox Church of Jerusalem to replace ousted predecessor Irenaios I.[http://www.latimes.com/news/nationworld/world/wire/sns-ap-holy-land-greek-patriarch,1,1942295.story?coll=sns-ap-world-headlines (LA Times)] (Link dead as of 00:41, 15 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/08/22/patriarch-theophilus-iii-is-unanimously-elected-141st-orthodox-patriarch-of-jerusalem-by-the-holy-synod-of-the-orthodox-church-of-jerusalem.md) _Context: Orthodox Church of Jerusalem, Orthodox Patriarch of Jerusalem_
4. [ Amidst scandals regarding the sale of land in Jerusalem, Patriarch Irenaios I of Jerusalem has been replaced by Metropolitan Cornelius of Petra, who serves as ''locum tenens'' of the Orthodox Church of Jerusalem.](/news/2005/05/30/amidst-scandals-regarding-the-sale-of-land-in-jerusalem-patriarch-irenaios-i-of-jerusalem-has-been-replaced-by-metropolitan-cornelius-of-p.md) _Context: Jerusalem, Orthodox Church of Jerusalem_
5. [ In Israel, Jerusalem police deny members of Jewish organization Revava access to Temple Mount during Passover because of danger that they could use the situation to encourage violence. Revava has planned a pilgrimage to the site in April 10  ](/news/2005/03/30/in-israel-jerusalem-police-deny-members-of-jewish-organization-revava-access-to-temple-mount-during-passover-because-of-danger-that-they-c.md) _Context: Jerusalem, Jew_
6. [In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the-three-palestinian-assailants.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
7. [  A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-p.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
8. [The Palestinian National Authority threatens to revoke its recognition of Israel (guaranteed by their signing of the Oslo I Accord in 1993) if the United States, under the presidency of Donald Trump, moves its Embassy in Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/01/10/the-palestinian-national-authority-threatens-to-revoke-its-recognition-of-israel-guaranteed-by-their-signing-of-the-oslo-i-accord-in-1993.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
9. [A Palestinian gunman opens fire from a vehicle on people waiting at a train station and then the nearby police headquarters in Jerusalem, killing at least two people, including a police officer, and injuring six others. Israeli police kill the gunman. ](/news/2016/10/9/a-palestinian-gunman-opens-fire-from-a-vehicle-on-people-waiting-at-a-train-station-and-then-the-nearby-police-headquarters-in-jerusalem-ki.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
10. [UNESCO's executive board approves the "Occupied Palestine" resolution which reaffirms the cultural heritage of Palestine, especially East Jerusalem, and criticizes certain Israeli actions regarding the Palestinian territories. For the land in Jerusalem where the Al-Aqsa Mosque stands, the board uses only Islamic naming terms without also mentioning Jewish or Christian historical references. ](/news/2016/10/18/unesco-s-executive-board-approves-the-occupied-palestine-resolution-which-reaffirms-the-cultural-heritage-of-palestine-especially-east-je.md) _Context: Jerusalem_
