### [2009-05-26](/news/2009/05/26/index.md)

#  Pakistan's Supreme Court will allow former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to stand for election. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/8068082.stm)

### Related:

1. [Pakistan's opposition interrupts Parliament's scheduled session demanding Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif resign during the investigation of his finances, per Thursday's Supreme Court ruling. ](/news/2017/04/21/pakistan-s-opposition-interrupts-parliament-s-scheduled-session-demanding-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-resign-during-the-investigation-of-his.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan, Supreme Court_
2. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif-s government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan, Supreme Court_
3. [ The Supreme Court of Pakistan delays by-elections until it can handle the appeal of disqualified candidate Nawaz Sharif, former Prime Minister and leader of the Pakistan Muslim League (N). ](/news/2008/06/25/the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-delays-by-elections-until-it-can-handle-the-appeal-of-disqualified-candidate-nawaz-sharif-former-prime-minis.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan, Supreme Court_
4. [ Nawaz Sharif, former Prime Minister of Pakistan, states that he will return to Pakistan from exile after winning a case in the Supreme Court of Pakistan. ](/news/2007/08/30/nawaz-sharif-former-prime-minister-of-pakistan-states-that-he-will-return-to-pakistan-from-exile-after-winning-a-case-in-the-supreme-cour.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan, Supreme Court_
5. [ The Supreme Court of Pakistan hears a petition from the former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to be able to return to the country and contest elections. ](/news/2007/08/16/the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-hears-a-petition-from-the-former-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-to-be-able-to-return-to-the-country-and-contest.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Prime Minister of Pakistan, Supreme Court, election_
6. [GT road rally: Former Prime Minister of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif goes home after his disqualification by the Supreme Court in the Panama Papers case. ](/news/2017/08/9/gt-road-rally-former-prime-minister-of-pakistan-nawaz-sharif-goes-home-after-his-disqualification-by-the-supreme-court-in-the-panama-papers.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Prime Minister of Pakistan, Supreme Court_
7. [Politics of Pakistan: The Prime Minister of Pakistan, Nawaz Sharif resigns after the Supreme Court disqualifies him from holding public office following a verdict that he had been dishonest in not disclosing his employment in the Dubai-based Capital FZE company in his nomination papers. ](/news/2017/07/28/politics-of-pakistan-the-prime-minister-of-pakistan-nawaz-sharif-resigns-after-the-supreme-court-disqualifies-him-from-holding-public-offi.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Prime Minister of Pakistan, Supreme Court_
8. [India-Pakistan relations: Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is met by Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif at Allama Iqbal International Airport in Lahore for a two-hour meeting. Modi's surprise stopover is the first since Indian Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee visited Pakistan in 2004. ](/news/2015/12/25/india-pakistan-relations-indian-prime-minister-narendra-modi-is-met-by-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-at-allama-iqbal-internationa.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
9. [Pakistan unrest: Pakistani protesters armed with sticks and stones clash with police in the centre of Islamabad after protests calling for the resignation of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif turn violent. All schools in the capital have been closed as a result of the clashes. ](/news/2014/09/1/pakistan-unrest-pakistani-protesters-armed-with-sticks-and-stones-clash-with-police-in-the-centre-of-islamabad-after-protests-calling-for-t.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
10. [At least three people have been killed in clashes between the Pakistani police and opponents of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif. ](/news/2014/08/31/at-least-three-people-have-been-killed-in-clashes-between-the-pakistani-police-and-opponents-of-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
