### [2009-05-26](/news/2009/05/26/index.md)

#  President Isaias Afewerki says Eritrea will not release imprisoned journalist Dawit Isaak. 




### Source:

1. [DPA via ''EarthTimes](http://www.earthtimes.org/articles/show/270364,eritrean-president-rejects-release-of-reporter-jailed-in-eritrea.html)

### Related:

1. [History of Eritrea:Dissident soldiers seize the ministry of information in Asmara, Eritrea, forcing state media to call for the release of political prisoners. Other buildings are also surrounded while television and radio later went off air. The apparent coup attempt against President Isaias Afewerki reportedly fails. ](/news/2013/01/21/history-of-eritrea-pdissident-soldiers-seize-the-ministry-of-information-in-asmara-eritrea-forcing-state-media-to-call-for-the-release-of.md) _Context: Eritrea, Isaias Afewerki_
2. [ An Iranian appellate court releases imprisoned American journalist Roxana Saberi. ](/news/2009/05/11/an-iranian-appellate-court-releases-imprisoned-american-journalist-roxana-saberi.md) _Context: journalism, prison_
3. [Eritrean Mered Medhanie, aka ''The General'', leader of  one of the largest criminal operations unsafely smuggling migrants from Africa to Europe for up to EUR5,000 (PS3,900; $5,680), is extradited to Italy. Police say in one attempt at least 359 migrants died when their boat sank near the Italian island of Lampedusa in October 2013. ](/news/2016/06/8/eritrean-mered-medhanie-aka-the-general-leader-of-one-of-the-largest-criminal-operations-unsafely-smuggling-migrants-from-africa-to-e.md) _Context: Eritrea_
4. [A United Nations commission of inquiry says that Eritrea should be referred to the International Criminal Court for alleged crimes against humanity committed in the country, including the enslavement of between 300,000 and 400,000 people through military conscription. ](/news/2016/06/8/a-united-nations-commission-of-inquiry-says-that-eritrea-should-be-referred-to-the-international-criminal-court-for-alleged-crimes-against-h.md) _Context: Eritrea_
5. [Spain's interior minister Jorge Fernandez Diaz says the first of more than 1,400 refugees from Syria and Eritrea are being welcomed for resettlement in new homes across the country. ](/news/2015/11/8/spain-s-interior-minister-jorge-ferna-ndez-daaz-says-the-first-of-more-than-1-400-refugees-from-syria-and-eritrea-are-being-welcomed-for-re.md) _Context: Eritrea_
6. [Conservative MP Philip Davies calls for a crackdown after it was announced up to 100 prisoners serving life sentences in British prisons will be let out of jail at Christmas for a five-day break with their families. Last year a total of 1,347 prison inmates, including 93 lifers, were given leave. The scheme has been defended by Justice Minister MP Andrew Selous but has caused outrage among justice campaigners. ](/news/2015/11/29/conservative-mp-philip-davies-calls-for-a-crackdown-after-it-was-announced-up-to-100-prisoners-serving-life-sentences-in-british-prisons-wil.md) _Context: prison_
7. [Iranian Judiciary spokesman Gholamhossein Mohseni Ejei says an Iranian court sentenced ''Washington Post'' reporter Jason Rezaian to a prison term, length unspecified, for espionage. Mohseni Eje said, "I cannot give details." Post foreign editor Douglas Jehl said this might move the case closer to a final resolution in the judiciary, so it can then go to Iranian leaders who can make things right. ](/news/2015/11/22/iranian-judiciary-spokesman-gholamhossein-mohseni-ejei-says-an-iranian-court-sentenced-washington-post-reporter-jason-rezaian-to-a-priso.md) _Context: prison_
8. [Reporters Without Borders releases their annual report regarding press freedom around the world with 71 journalists killed in 2013 so far. The deadliest countries are Syria, India, the Philippines, Pakistan, and Somalia while the worst jailers are China, Turkey, Eritrea, Iran, and Syria. ](/news/2013/12/19/reporters-without-borders-releases-their-annual-report-regarding-press-freedom-around-the-world-with-71-journalists-killed-in-2013-so-far-t.md) _Context: Eritrea_
9. [The government of Eritrea says the capital Asmara is "calm" a day after dissident soldiers seized the information ministry and state media. ](/news/2013/01/22/the-government-of-eritrea-says-the-capital-asmara-is-calm-a-day-after-dissident-soldiers-seized-the-information-ministry-and-state-media.md) _Context: Eritrea_
10. [Englishman Barry Thew is sentenced to four months in jail after a t-shirt he wore is deemed to offend public morality. ](/news/2012/10/11/englishman-barry-thew-is-sentenced-to-four-months-in-jail-after-a-t-shirt-he-wore-is-deemed-to-offend-public-morality.md) _Context: prison_
