### [2014-06-18](/news/2014/06/18/index.md)

# 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak: Seven people are reported to have died from the latest outbreak of Ebola virus in Monrovia, Liberia. 

Seven people are reported dead from the Ebola virus in Monrovia, the first deaths from the outbreak in the Liberian capital.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-27888363#)

### Related:

1. [2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak: Liberia closes schools and quarantines communities in order to stop the spread of the Ebola virus that has claimed 672 lives in West Africa. ](/news/2014/07/30/2014-west-africa-ebola-outbreak-liberia-closes-schools-and-quarantines-communities-in-order-to-stop-the-spread-of-the-ebola-virus-that-has.md) _Context: 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak, Liberia, ebola virus_
2. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa: The World Health Organisation declares an end to the Ebola virus outbreak in West Africa with Liberia the last country to be declared free of the virus. ](/news/2016/01/14/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-the-world-health-organisation-declares-an-end-to-the-ebola-virus-outbreak-in-west-africa-with-liberia-t.md) _Context: Liberia, ebola virus_
3. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa: A 15-year-old boy from Liberia's Paynesville district, who tested positive for Ebola last week, dies of the disease at a treatment center near the capital, Monrovia, just over 11 weeks after the World Health Organization (WHO) declared the country free of the virus. The boy's father and brother, who also tested positive, are at the center; his mother and two other siblings were admitted for observation. In addition, 160 people who came in direct contact with the boy, are being monitored. ](/news/2015/11/24/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-a-15-year-old-boy-from-liberia-s-paynesville-district-who-tested-positive-for-ebola-last-week-dies-of.md) _Context: Liberia, Monrovia_
4. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa: The World Health Organization declares that the outbreak of the Ebola virus has ceased in Liberia after weeks of no cases there. ](/news/2015/05/9/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-the-world-health-organization-declares-that-the-outbreak-of-the-ebola-virus-has-ceased-in-liberia-after.md) _Context: Liberia, ebola virus_
5. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa: Liberia's last known ebola patient is discharged from a treatment center in Monrovia. The country now needs 42 days without a subsequent diagnosed infection to be declared disease free. ](/news/2015/03/5/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-liberia-s-last-known-ebola-patient-is-discharged-from-a-treatment-center-in-monrovia-the-country-now-n.md) _Context: Liberia, Monrovia_
6. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa: Australia issues a blanket ban on issuing visas for residents of Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone, the countries worst affected by the Ebola epidemic. ](/news/2014/10/28/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-australia-issues-a-blanket-ban-on-issuing-visas-for-residents-of-liberia-guinea-and-sierra-leone-the.md) _Context: Liberia, ebola virus_
7. [2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak:: The World Health Organisation states that the Ebola virus outbreak is an international public health emergency. ](/news/2014/08/8/2014-west-africa-ebola-outbreak-the-world-health-organisation-states-that-the-ebola-virus-outbreak-is-an-international-public-health-emerg.md) _Context: 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak, ebola virus_
8. [2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak: The World Health Organisation reports that 932 have died from the latest outbreak of the Ebola virus with a man reportedly dying of the disease in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia after a business trip to Sierra Leone. ](/news/2014/08/6/2014-west-africa-ebola-outbreak-the-world-health-organisation-reports-that-932-have-died-from-the-latest-outbreak-of-the-ebola-virus-with-a.md) _Context: 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak, ebola virus_
9. [2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak: The World Health Organisation estimates that the death toll from the Ebola virus outbreak has risen to 887. ](/news/2014/08/4/2014-west-africa-ebola-outbreak-the-world-health-organisation-estimates-that-the-death-toll-from-the-ebola-virus-outbreak-has-risen-to-887.md) _Context: 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak, ebola virus_
10. [2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak: Liberia and Sierra Leone declare a state of emergency in response to the Ebola virus disease by sending in troops and ordering the closure of schools and markets and the quarantining of affected communities. ](/news/2014/08/1/2014-west-africa-ebola-outbreak-liberia-and-sierra-leone-declare-a-state-of-emergency-in-response-to-the-ebola-virus-disease-by-sending-in.md) _Context: 2014 West Africa Ebola outbreak, Liberia_
