### [2000-12-15](/news/2000/12/15/index.md)

# In the landmark censorship case of "Little Sisters Book and Art Emporium v. Canada (Minister of Justice)", the Supreme Court of Canada rules that Canada Customs does not have the authority to make its own judgments about the permissibility of material being shipped to retailers but is permitted to confiscate only material that has specifically been ruled by the courts to constitute an offence under the Canadian Criminal Code.




### Related:

1. [The Supreme Court of Canada strikes down a ban on assisted suicide meaning doctors can now assist mentally competent patients with severe and incurable conditions to die. ](/news/2015/02/6/the-supreme-court-of-canada-strikes-down-a-ban-on-assisted-suicide-meaning-doctors-can-now-assist-mentally-competent-patients-with-severe-an.md) _Context: Supreme Court of Canada_
2. [In "R. v. Fearon", the Supreme Court of Canada rules by 4-3 vote that searching for cell phones without a warrant during an arrest does not violate the Section Eight of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms. ](/news/2014/12/11/in-r-v-fearon-the-supreme-court-of-canada-rules-by-4a3-vote-that-searching-for-cell-phones-without-a-warrant-during-an-arrest-does-no.md) _Context: Supreme Court of Canada_
3. [The Supreme Court of Canada strikes down anti-prostitution laws in the country. ](/news/2013/12/20/the-supreme-court-of-canada-strikes-down-anti-prostitution-laws-in-the-country.md) _Context: Supreme Court of Canada_
4. [The Supreme Court of Canada rules in a 9-0 decision that Insite, a safe injection site in Vancouver, can remain open. ](/news/2011/09/30/the-supreme-court-of-canada-rules-in-a-9-0-decision-that-insite-a-safe-injection-site-in-vancouver-can-remain-open.md) _Context: Supreme Court of Canada_
5. [Rejean Hinse, a Quebec man wrongly convicted of a crime in the 1960s before being acquitted by the Supreme Court of Canada 30 years later receives a record $13.1 million in compensation. ](/news/2011/04/14/ra-c-jean-hinse-a-quebec-man-wrongly-convicted-of-a-crime-in-the-1960s-before-being-acquitted-by-the-supreme-court-of-canada-30-years-later-r.md) _Context: Supreme Court of Canada_
6. [ The Supreme Court of Canada denies asylum to Jeremy Hinzman and Brandon Hughey, two United States soldiers who deserted the Iraq War. ](/news/2007/11/15/the-supreme-court-of-canada-denies-asylum-to-jeremy-hinzman-and-brandon-hughey-two-united-states-soldiers-who-deserted-the-iraq-war.md) _Context: Supreme Court of Canada_
7. [ In a 7-2 ruling, the Supreme Court of Canada rules that swingers clubs do not harm society and are legal as long as there is no exchange of money and the activities are conducted in private. ](/news/2005/12/21/in-a-7-2-ruling-the-supreme-court-of-canada-rules-that-swingers-clubs-do-not-harm-society-and-are-legal-as-long-as-there-is-no-exchange-of.md) _Context: Supreme Court of Canada_
8. [ British Columbia's Tobacco Damages and Health Care Costs Recovery Act is approved by the Supreme Court of Canada, opening the door for the Province to sue cigarette makers, in order to recover the billions spent in inflicted healthcare costs. ](/news/2005/09/29/british-columbia-s-tobacco-damages-and-health-care-costs-recovery-act-is-approved-by-the-supreme-court-of-canada-opening-the-door-for-the.md) _Context: Supreme Court of Canada_
9. [ Acting on a reference from Parliament, the Canadian Supreme Court states that a bill to legalize same-sex marriage in Canada would be constitutional. They decline to say if the Constitution requires that recognition, saying that by not appealing several provincial courts' decisions to that effect, the government has already adopted that position. ](/news/2004/12/9/acting-on-a-reference-from-parliament-the-canadian-supreme-court-states-that-a-bill-to-legalize-same-sex-marriage-in-canada-would-be-const.md) _Context: Supreme Court of Canada_
10. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: The Supreme Court of Canada begins three days of hearings into the federal government's reference of a draft bill to legalize same-sex marriage. The court will review the bill's constitutionality, hearing arguments from groups on either side of the debate. A ruling is not expected for months. ](/news/2004/10/6/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-the-supreme-court-of-canada-begins-three-days-of-hearings-into-the-federal-government-s-reference-of-a-draft-b.md) _Context: Supreme Court of Canada_
