### [2003-07-17](/news/2003/07/17/index.md)

#  In a press conference in Belfast, journalist Sen  Muireagin denies Israeli claims that suspected him of being a Real IRA activist. He states that he is not, and never has been, a member or supporter of the IRA. Israel repeats that the arrest of  Muireagin was "unfortunate", but refuses to apologise. Israel's treatment of  Muireagin is strongly criticised in Ireland. SDLP ex-minister Sean Farren states that  Muireagin is "well known and respected" in Northern Ireland.




### Related:

1. [ Sen  Muireagin, a Northern Irish journalist, arrested by Israel and held for five days without legal representation in a case of mistaken identity, is released and leaves Israel. The affair causes considerable embarrassment to the Israeli and British secret services, the former having arrested  Mureagin on the advice of the latter, who claimed incorrectly that he was a Real IRA man with the same name. In the confused aftermath, the Israeli Foreign Ministry spokesman suggests that  Muireagin may have been guilty, while Prime Minister Sharon's spokesman states categorically that he was innocent and the entire affair an error. He claims that  Muireagin is a former convicted Provisional IRA terrorist.](/news/2003/07/16/sean-o-muireagain-a-northern-irish-journalist-arrested-by-israel-and-held-for-five-days-without-legal-representation-in-a-case-of-mistake.md) _Context: Israel, Northern Ireland, Real IRA, Sen  Muireagin, journalist_
2. [ The United Kingdom media, following tip-offs from the Israeli and British Intelligence Services, state that Sen  Muireagin of the Real IRA had been captured in Israel.](/news/2003/07/13/the-united-kingdom-media-following-tip-offs-from-the-israeli-and-british-intelligence-services-state-that-sean-o-muireagain-of-the-real-i.md) _Context: Israel, Real IRA, Sen  Muireagin_
3. [A total of 56 police officers are injured in Belfast, Northern Ireland after a night of Ulster loyalism rioting. ](/news/2013/08/10/a-total-of-56-police-officers-are-injured-in-belfast-northern-ireland-after-a-night-of-ulster-loyalism-rioting.md) _Context: Belfast, Northern Ireland_
4. [Britain's Queen Elizabeth II and former IRA commander and Sinn Fein deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland Martin McGuinness shake hands at a historic meeting in Belfast. ](/news/2012/06/27/britain-s-queen-elizabeth-ii-and-former-ira-commander-and-sinn-fa-c-in-deputy-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-martin-mcguinness-shake-hands.md) _Context: Belfast, Northern Ireland_
5. [A photographer is shot during violence in east Belfast in Northern Ireland. ](/news/2011/06/22/a-photographer-is-shot-during-violence-in-east-belfast-in-northern-ireland.md) _Context: Belfast, Northern Ireland_
6. [People are hospitalised after sectarian clashes in East Belfast in Northern Ireland. ](/news/2011/06/20/people-are-hospitalised-after-sectarian-clashes-in-east-belfast-in-northern-ireland.md) _Context: Belfast, Northern Ireland_
7. [Three Northern Ireland police officers are injured after a bomb is thrown at them while investigating a robbery in West Belfast. ](/news/2010/11/6/three-northern-ireland-police-officers-are-injured-after-a-bomb-is-thrown-at-them-while-investigating-a-robbery-in-west-belfast.md) _Context: Belfast, Northern Ireland_
8. [Social Development Minister Margaret Ritchie defeats Alasdair McDonnell in an election to become leader of the Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) following Mark Durkan's resignation yesterday. She is the first woman to take charge of the party in its history and the first female leader of a major party in Northern Ireland. ](/news/2010/02/7/social-development-minister-margaret-ritchie-defeats-alasdair-mcdonnell-in-an-election-to-become-leader-of-the-social-democratic-and-labour.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Social Democratic and Labour Party_
9. [ A 400lb bomb partially explodes outside the headquarters of the Policing Board in Belfast, Northern Ireland. In another incident, three men are arrested after a shooting incident involving PSNI officers in the border village of Garrison, County Fermanagh. ](/news/2009/11/22/a-400lb-bomb-partially-explodes-outside-the-headquarters-of-the-policing-board-in-belfast-northern-ireland-in-another-incident-three-men.md) _Context: Belfast, Northern Ireland_
10. [ Detectives arrest a man in Belfast in connection with the Massereene Barracks shooting in County Antrim, Northern Ireland, in March 2009. ](/news/2009/10/20/detectives-arrest-a-man-in-belfast-in-connection-with-the-massereene-barracks-shooting-in-county-antrim-northern-ireland-in-march-2009.md) _Context: Belfast, Northern Ireland_
