### [2003-07-17](/news/2003/07/17/index.md)

#  The Uniting Church in Australia votes to officially recognise and approve of homesexual clergy [http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2003/07/18/904758.htm (ABC (Australia))].




### Related:

1. [ The Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams, the leader of the world-wide Anglican Communion, is challenged to rethink his personal stance on the ordination of gay clergy in the light of scripture by nearly half of all the Anglican Primates. ](/news/2005/11/17/the-archbishop-of-canterbury-rowan-williams-the-leader-of-the-world-wide-anglican-communion-is-challenged-to-rethink-his-personal-stance.md) _Context: cleric, homosexuality_
2. [German Justice Minister Heiko Maas says he will propose legislation to annul homosexuality convictions, and create a "right to compensation." A 19th-century law outlawed sexual relations between men. Homosexuality was decriminalized in 1969, but the law itself was not rescinded until 1994. ](/news/2016/05/11/german-justice-minister-heiko-maas-says-he-will-propose-legislation-to-annul-homosexuality-convictions-and-create-a-aright-to-compensatio.md) _Context: homosexuality_
3. [Protesters demanding political reform leave Baghdad's Green Zone after camping for 24 hours in the heavily fortified government district. These activists, followers of Shi'ite Muslim cleric Muqtada al-Sadr, support Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi's anti-corruption proposals to replace party-affiliated ministers with technocrats. A grid-locked parliament has been unable to act on these changes. ](/news/2016/05/1/protesters-demanding-political-reform-leave-baghdad-s-green-zone-after-camping-for-24-hours-in-the-heavily-fortified-government-district-th.md) _Context: cleric_
4. [The Russian Duma rejects a Communist Party bill banning homosexual expression. ](/news/2016/01/18/the-russian-duma-rejects-a-communist-party-bill-banning-homosexual-expression.md) _Context: homosexuality_
5. [Nigerian soldiers kill at least 12 people and injure dozens more in a clash with followers of Shi'a cleric Ibrahim Zakzaky's Islamic movement in the northern town of Zaria. The army says the crowd surged towards General Tukur Buratai's convoy, some firing and attempting to kill Buratai. Afterward, the Nigerian Army and the Islamic Movement accuse each other of instigating the attacks. ](/news/2015/12/12/nigerian-soldiers-kill-at-least-12-people-and-injure-dozens-more-in-a-clash-with-followers-of-shi-a-cleric-ibrahim-zakzaky-s-islamic-movemen.md) _Context: cleric_
6. [Phil Robertson, featured on the reality show "Duck Dynasty", is suspended by A&E in response to controversial statements about homosexuality made during an interview with "GQ" magazine. ](/news/2013/12/19/phil-robertson-featured-on-the-reality-show-duck-dynasty-is-suspended-by-a-e-in-response-to-controversial-statements-about-homosexuality.md) _Context: homosexuality_
7. [The Supreme Court of India upholds the primacy of Section 377 of the Indian penal code banning homosexual activities. ](/news/2013/12/11/the-supreme-court-of-india-upholds-the-primacy-of-section-377-of-the-indian-penal-code-banning-homosexual-activities.md) _Context: homosexuality_
8. [Ugandan police release theatre producer David Cecil on bail after charging him in connection with the staging of "The River and the Mountain", a play which references homosexuality. His court date is 18 October, with a two year jail sentence possible. ](/news/2012/09/17/ugandan-police-release-theatre-producer-david-cecil-on-bail-after-charging-him-in-connection-with-the-staging-of-the-river-and-the-mountain.md) _Context: homosexuality_
9. [Gay rights activists hack the website of the Ugandan prime minister over the government's stance towards homosexuality. ](/news/2012/08/16/gay-rights-activists-hack-the-website-of-the-ugandan-prime-minister-over-the-government-s-stance-towards-homosexuality.md) _Context: homosexuality_
10. [Rights campaigners criticise the authoritative "Contemporary Chinese Dictionary" for excluding the definition of colloquial Chinese characters for "gay." ](/news/2012/07/21/rights-campaigners-criticise-the-authoritative-contemporary-chinese-dictionary-for-excluding-the-definition-of-colloquial-chinese-characte.md) _Context: homosexuality_
