### [2009-06-10](/news/2009/06/10/index.md)

#  Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi arrives in Rome on his first visit to Italy, Libya's former colonial ruler and now its biggest trading partner, wearing a photograph of Omar Mukhtar. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/8092535.stm)

### Related:

1. [2011 Libyan civil war. Members of the multi-state coalition conducting the military campaign in Libya hold talks in Rome, Italy, and agree to set up a new fund to aid Libyan rebels, with US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton promising to use frozen assets of Muammar Gaddafi's regime. ](/news/2011/05/5/2011-libyan-civil-war-members-of-the-multi-state-coalition-conducting-the-military-campaign-in-libya-hold-talks-in-rome-italy-and-agree-t.md) _Context: Italian, Libya, Muammar Gaddafi, Rome_
2. [European migrant crisis. An Italian prosecutor says there are "telephone calls" between people smugglers in Libya and some non-governmental organizations. Frontex, the European Border and Coast Guard Agency, says the practices amount to a "taxi service". One NGO says "more would die" if they were not there. ](/news/2017/04/23/european-migrant-crisis-an-italian-prosecutor-says-there-are-telephone-calls-between-people-smugglers-in-libya-and-some-non-governmental.md) _Context: Italian, Libya_
3. [At the Indigenous Peoples Forum in Rome, Italy, Pope Francis says that developmental needs have to be reconciled with the protection of the particular characteristics of indigenous peoples and their territories. This is taken by some as a reference to the Standing Rock Sioux and other groups opposing the Dakota Access Pipeline. ](/news/2017/02/15/at-the-indigenous-peoples-forum-in-rome-italy-pope-francis-says-that-developmental-needs-have-to-be-reconciled-with-the-protection-of-the.md) _Context: Italian, Rome_
4. [Italian local elections, 2016. Voters in the Italian capital of Rome go to the polls for a runoff election to select a new Mayor of Rome with exit polls showing Virginia Raggi of the Five Star Movement will become the first female Mayor. ](/news/2016/06/19/italian-local-elections-2016-voters-in-the-italian-capital-of-rome-go-to-the-polls-for-a-runoff-election-to-select-a-new-mayor-of-rome-wit.md) _Context: Italian, Rome_
5. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). A Libyan spokesperson says two Italian hostages are freed by local fighters from Islamic State custody in Sabratha, Libya. He also confirms that two other Italian hostages were recently killed during local forces clashes with IS militants. ](/news/2016/03/4/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-a-libyan-spokesperson-says-two-italian-hostages-are-freed-by-local-fighters-from-islamic-state-custody-in.md) _Context: Italian, Libya_
6. [An estimated half-million Italians protest in Rome's Circus Maximus against pending legislation that would legalize same-sex unions. The legislation would extend to civil unions the same rights they would have under marriage, including adoption of children. ](/news/2016/01/30/an-estimated-half-million-italians-protest-in-rome-s-circus-maximus-against-pending-legislation-that-would-legalize-same-sex-unions-the-leg.md) _Context: Italian, Rome_
7. [Hannibal Gaddafi, son of Libya's late leader Muammar Gaddafi, who was kidnapped by militants, is released in Baalbek, Lebanon. Gaddafi's abductors said they were seeking information on the fate of Shiite cleric Imam Moussa al-Sadr, who disappeared during a trip to Tripoli in 1978. ](/news/2015/12/11/hannibal-gaddafi-son-of-libya-s-late-leader-muammar-gaddafi-who-was-kidnapped-by-militants-is-released-in-baalbek-lebanon-gaddafi-s-abd.md) _Context: Libya, Muammar Gaddafi_
8. [European migrant crisis. Italy rescues thousands of refugees in the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Libya. ](/news/2015/09/19/european-migrant-crisis-italy-rescues-thousands-of-refugees-in-the-mediterranean-sea-off-the-coast-of-libya.md) _Context: Italian, Libya_
9. [Italy reports nearly 4,100 migrants were rescued off the Libyan coast with more rescues expected as people smugglers take advantage of the safe conditions. ](/news/2015/05/3/italy-reports-nearly-4-100-migrants-were-rescued-off-the-libyan-coast-with-more-rescues-expected-as-people-smugglers-take-advantage-of-the-s.md) _Context: Italian, Libya_
10. [The Maltese Navy and Italian Coast Guard are mounting a rescue operation for a boat that capsized between Libya and Italy with up to 700 people aboard. ](/news/2015/04/19/the-maltese-navy-and-italian-coast-guard-are-mounting-a-rescue-operation-for-a-boat-that-capsized-between-libya-and-italy-with-up-to-700-peo.md) _Context: Italian, Libya_
