### [2017-05-30](/news/2017/05/30/index.md)

# South Korea-United States relations. South Korean President Moon Jae-in, who had campaigned on a parliamentary review of the country's missile defense system, orders an investigation of the anti-missile system after discovering the government was not informed when four more U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system launchers had been brought in and installed. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-northkorea-missiles-south-thaad-idUSKBN18Q0I3)

### Related:

1. [South Korea-United States relations. A South Korean adviser says it is "impossible" for South Korea to purchase the THAAD missile complex since control of its operation would remain with the United States. The remarks come after United States president Donald Trump suggested that South Korea pay for the $1 billion system. ](/news/2017/04/27/south-korea-united-states-relations-a-south-korean-adviser-says-it-is-impossible-for-south-korea-to-purchase-the-thaad-missile-complex.md) _Context: South Korea-United States relations, U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system launchers_
2. [South Korea-United States relations. The United States begins deploying the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defense system in South Korea. ](/news/2017/03/7/south-korea-united-states-relations-the-united-states-begins-deploying-the-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-thaad-missile-defense-sy.md) _Context: South Korea-United States relations, U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system launchers_
3. [Impeachment process against Park Geun-hye. A bill is introduced into the South Korean National Assembly to impeach President Park Geun-hye. A vote is expected tomorrow. ](/news/2016/12/8/impeachment-process-against-park-geun-hye-a-bill-is-introduced-into-the-south-korean-national-assembly-to-impeach-president-park-geun-hye.md) _Context: President of South Korea, parliamentary review_
4. [Impeachment process against President Park Geun-hye. The South Korean National Assembly begins hearings ahead of an impeachment vote against President Park Geun-Hye. ](/news/2016/12/5/impeachment-process-against-president-park-geun-hye-the-south-korean-national-assembly-begins-hearings-ahead-of-an-impeachment-vote-against.md) _Context: President of South Korea, parliamentary review_
5. [South Korea-United States relations. American and South Korean military officials agree to deploy a U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defense system in the country to counter North Korea's growing threats and use of ballistic missile and nuclear tests. ](/news/2016/07/8/south-korea-united-states-relations-american-and-south-korean-military-officials-agree-to-deploy-a-u-s-terminal-high-altitude-area-defen.md) _Context: South Korea-United States relations, U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system launchers_
6. [Lee Jae-yong (Jay Y. Lee), the vice-chairman of the Samsung Group is sentenced to five years for graft for his involvement in the 2016 South Korean political scandal that led to the impeachment of President of South Korea Park Geun-hye. ](/news/2017/08/25/lee-jae-yong-jay-y-lee-the-vice-chairman-of-the-samsung-group-is-sentenced-to-five-years-for-graft-for-his-involvement-in-the-2016-south.md) _Context: President of South Korea_
7. [South Korean presidential election, 2017. South Koreans vote in a presidential election, with Moon Jae-in of the Democratic Party of Korea winning the election. ](/news/2017/05/9/south-korean-presidential-election-2017-south-koreans-vote-in-a-presidential-election-with-moon-jae-in-of-the-democratic-party-of-korea-w.md) _Context: Moon Jae-in_
8. [North Korea-South Korea relations. The United States deploys parts of its Terminal High Altitude Area Defense in South Korea amidst high tension caused by North Korea's escalation of its missile and nuclear weapons programs. ](/news/2017/04/26/north-korea-south-korea-relations-the-united-states-deploys-parts-of-its-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-in-south-korea-amidst-high-t.md) _Context: U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) system launchers_
9. [2016 South Korean political scandal. Authorities arrest Impeached South Korean President Park Geun-hye on charges of bribery, abuse of authority, coercion, and leaking government secrets. ](/news/2017/03/30/2016-south-korean-political-scandal-authorities-arrest-impeached-south-korean-president-park-geun-hye-on-charges-of-bribery-abuse-of-autho.md) _Context: President of South Korea_
10. [Impeachment of Park Geun-hye. South Korea's Constitutional Court upholds the impeachment of President Park Geun-hye, removing her from office. Hwang Kyo-ahn assumes powers as Acting President. ](/news/2017/03/10/impeachment-of-park-geun-hye-south-korea-s-constitutional-court-upholds-the-impeachment-of-president-park-geun-hye-removing-her-from-offic.md) _Context: President of South Korea_
