### [2017-05-30](/news/2017/05/30/index.md)

#   The Manchester Victoria train station, adjoined to the Manchester Arena, re-opens more than a week after the terrorist bombing that killed 22.




### Related:

1. [Campaigning in the United Kingdom general election is suspended after the bombing at the Manchester Arena. The death toll is 22 with 59 injured. ISIL claims responsibility. Singer and actress Ariana Grande suspends her Dangerous Woman Tour. ](/news/2017/05/23/campaigning-in-the-united-kingdom-general-election-is-suspended-after-the-bombing-at-the-manchester-arena-the-death-toll-is-22-with-59-inju.md) _Context: 2017 Manchester Arena bombing, Manchester Arena_
2. [Greater Manchester Police (GMP) report deadly explosions at Manchester Arena in Manchester, England, at the end of Ariana Grande's performance on her Dangerous Woman Tour. ](/news/2017/05/22/greater-manchester-police-gmp-report-deadly-explosions-at-manchester-arena-in-manchester-england-at-the-end-of-ariana-grandeas-perform.md) _Context: 2017 Manchester Arena bombing, Manchester Arena_
3. [The charity concert organized by Ariana Grande in the wake of the 2017 Manchester Arena bombing is held in Manchester, England. ](/news/2017/06/4/the-charity-concert-organized-by-ariana-grande-in-the-wake-of-the-2017-manchester-arena-bombing-is-held-in-manchester-england.md) _Context: 2017 Manchester Arena bombing_
4. [Theresa May announces that the British terror threat level has been downgraded from "critical" to "severe" and that Operation Temperer will be phased out shortly, following productive counter-terrorism investigations. ](/news/2017/05/27/theresa-may-announces-that-the-british-terror-threat-level-has-been-downgraded-from-critical-to-severe-and-that-operation-temperer-will.md) _Context: 2017 Manchester Arena bombing_
5. [Right-wing media personality Katie Hopkins is to leave LBC with "immediate effect" after Hopkins posted on Twitter calling for a so-called "final solution" to the United Kingdom's Islamic terrorism problem following the Manchester Arena bombing which left 22 people dead. ](/news/2017/05/26/right-wing-media-personality-katie-hopkins-is-to-leave-lbc-with-immediate-effect-after-hopkins-posted-on-twitter-calling-for-a-so-called.md) _Context: 2017 Manchester Arena bombing_
6. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to ''The New York Times''. British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.md) _Context: 2017 Manchester Arena bombing_
7. [As part of an ongoing investigation, British police arrest six people in connection with Monday's deadly explosion, including a 23-year-old man who was taken into custody Tuesday. ](/news/2017/05/24/as-part-of-an-ongoing-investigation-british-police-arrest-six-people-in-connection-with-monday-s-deadly-explosion-including-a-23-year-old.md) _Context: 2017 Manchester Arena bombing_
8. [At least 22 people have been killed and 65 injured following a collision of the Bahauddin Zakaria Express  with a stationary train at Juma Goth Train station, Karachi, Pakistan. ](/news/2016/11/3/at-least-22-people-have-been-killed-and-65-injured-following-a-collision-of-the-bahauddin-zakaria-express-with-a-stationary-train-at-juma-g.md) _Context: train station_
9. [ In Berlin, Germany, Europe's largest train station, Berlin Hauptbahnhof, is opened by Chancellor Angela Merkel, Deutsche Bahn Chairman Hartmut Mehdorn and Industrial Commissioner of the European Union Gunter Verheugen. The station is the hub of routes from Stockholm to Rome and Paris to Moscow. 1,200 trains will depart and arrive every day. The station is expected to have cost EUR800 million.  ](/news/2006/05/26/in-berlin-germany-europe-s-largest-train-station-berlin-hauptbahnhof-is-opened-by-chancellor-angela-merkel-deutsche-bahn-chairman-hart.md) _Context: train station_
10. [ Chinese railroad workers in Tibet laid rail tracks on the Tanggula Mountain Pass in the Tanggula Mountains in Tibet at 5,072 m (16,640 ft) above sea level, surpassing the altitude of the highest Peruvian railway by 255 m (837 ft).  This section of the Qinghai-Tibet Railway is now the highest railway in the world.  The railway also includes the highest railway station in the world at Lhasa, 5,068 m (16,627 ft) above sea level.  The railway is expected to open later in 2005. ](/news/2005/08/24/chinese-railroad-workers-in-tibet-laid-rail-tracks-on-the-tanggula-mountain-pass-in-the-tanggula-mountains-in-tibet-at-5-072-m-16-640-ft.md) _Context: train station_
