### [2010-08-9](/news/2010/08/9/index.md)

# President of Venezuela Hugo Chavez announces that he has agreed to meet President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos tomorrow for talks to end strained relations between the two countries. 

Venezuelan, Colombian presidents expected to meet on Tuesday to mend diplomatic ties.


### Source:

1. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/americas/2010/08/20108823266455303.html)

### Related:

1. [President of Venezuela Hugo Chvez welcomes President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos to Caracas. ](/news/2010/11/2/president-of-venezuela-hugo-chavez-welcomes-president-of-colombia-juan-manuel-santos-to-caracas.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
2. [New President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos and President of Venezuela Hugo Chavez agree to meet for talks on Tuesday, following a recent diplomatic disagreement. ](/news/2010/08/8/new-president-of-colombia-juan-manuel-santos-and-president-of-venezuela-hugo-cha-vez-agree-to-meet-for-talks-on-tuesday-following-a-recent.md) _Context: Colombia-Venezuela relations, Colombian President, Hugo Chavez, Juan Manuel Santos, Venezuelan President_
3. [Venezuela's Hugo Chavez promises that his foreign minister will attend the inauguration of Juan Manuel Santos as Colombian president, two weeks after direct relations between the two countries were broken off, thanks to mediation efforts by President of Brazil Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva. ](/news/2010/08/6/venezuela-s-hugo-cha-vez-promises-that-his-foreign-minister-will-attend-the-inauguration-of-juan-manuel-santos-as-colombian-president-two-w.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombia-Venezuela relations, Hugo Chavez, Juan Manuel Santos, Venezuela_
4. [Venezuela and Colombia re-establish diplomatic relations after a meeting between recently inaugurated President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez in Santa Marta, Colombia, mediated by UNASUR Secretary General Nestor Kirchner. ](/news/2010/08/11/venezuela-and-colombia-re-establish-diplomatic-relations-after-a-meeting-between-recently-inaugurated-president-of-colombia-juan-manuel-sant.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian President, Hugo Chavez, Juan Manuel Santos, Venezuela_
5. [Colombian President Alvaro Uribe and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez almost come to blows at the Rio Group summit in Playa del Carmen, Mexico, with Uribe taunting Chavez "Be a man! ... you're a coward face-to-face! Stay and argue face-to-face!" and Chavez responding with a simple "Go to Hell!" ](/news/2010/02/22/colombian-president-alvaro-uribe-and-venezuelan-president-hugo-cha-vez-almost-come-to-blows-at-the-rio-group-summit-in-playa-del-carmen-me.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian President, Hugo Chavez, Venezuela_
6. [ UNASUR leaders express fresh concerns over Colombian plans to grant United States troops access to its military bases but cannot agree on a declaration to formally condemn the proposals. Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez warns that "the winds of war are beginning to blow" across the region. ](/news/2009/08/11/unasur-leaders-express-fresh-concerns-over-colombian-plans-to-grant-united-states-troops-access-to-its-military-bases-but-cannot-agree-on-a.md) _Context: Colombia, Hugo Chavez, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
7. [Venezuela's National Commission of Telecommunications (Conatel) takes Colombian television channels Caracol Television and RCN Television off air due to their coverage of the 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. ](/news/2017/08/24/venezuela-s-national-commission-of-telecommunications-conatel-takes-colombian-television-channels-caracol-televisia3n-and-rcn-televisia3n.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombia-Venezuela relations, Venezuela_
8. [Colombian government and FARC representatives meet in Havana, and President Juan Manuel Santos will meet with presidential predecessors Alvaro Uribe, the accord opposition leader, and Andres Pastrana Arango, to continue negotiations to end the 52-year war that has killed around a quarter of a million people. ](/news/2016/10/4/colombian-government-and-farc-representatives-meet-in-havana-and-president-juan-manuel-santos-will-meet-with-presidential-predecessors-alv.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos_
9. [FARC leader Rodrigo Londono (Timoleon) says his troops will honor its commitments to the Colombian government, including the permanent cease-fire, despite voters rejection of the peace accord in Sunday's referendum. President Juan Manuel Santos calls the country's political parties to an emergency meeting. ](/news/2016/10/3/farc-leader-rodrigo-londoa-o-timolea3n-says-his-troops-will-honor-its-commitments-to-the-colombian-government-including-the-permanent-cea.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos_
10. [Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos signs a decree fully legalizing medical marijuana. Growers must apply to the National Narcotics Council for a license. Earlier, Colombia decriminalized personal possession of up to 20 grams. ](/news/2015/12/22/colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-signs-a-decree-fully-legalizing-medical-marijuana-growers-must-apply-to-the-national-narcotics-counc.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos_
