### [2010-08-9](/news/2010/08/9/index.md)

# Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu testifies before Israel's Turkel Commission investigating the country's role in May's Gaza flotilla raid, chaired by Israeli judge Jacob Turkel. The testimony is scheduled to last five hours, with some of it closed to the media and public. 

JERUSALEM: Israel&#039;s Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, is expected to assign blame for Israel&#039;s raid on a Gaza-bound aid flotilla on his outgoing military chief when the PM appears today before a judicial inquiry investigating the incident.


### Source:

1. [The Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/world/netanyahu-to-shift-blame-over-deadly-raid-on-gaza-flotilla-20100808-11q7t.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-10910082)
3. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/08/20108971927270517.html)
4. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/israel/7933946/Benjamin-Netanyahu-to-testify-at-Gaza-flotilla-raid-inquiry.html)
5. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Israel/Article.aspx?id=184136)

### Related:

1. [Defense Minister of Israel Ehud Barak testifies before Israel's Turkel Commission investigating the country's role in May's Gaza flotilla raid, chaired by Israeli judge Jacob Turkel. His prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu yesterday testified that he had left Barak to "co-ordinate" the raid and response "in all of its aspects" while he visited North America. ](/news/2010/08/10/defense-minister-of-israel-ehud-barak-testifies-before-israel-s-turkel-commission-investigating-the-country-s-role-in-may-s-gaza-flotilla-ra.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Gaza flotilla raid, Israel, Israel's report, Jacob Turkel_
2. [Israel-Turkey relations:Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu apologizes to his Turkish counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdogan for the death of nine activists during a flotilla raid in Gaza in 2010 and offers compensation for their families. ](/news/2013/03/22/israelaturkey-relations-pisrael-s-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-apologizes-to-his-turkish-counterpart-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-for-the-de.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Gaza flotilla raid, Israel, prime minister of Israel_
3. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu rules out apologising to Turkey for killing nine of its citizens during May's Gaza flotilla raid,saying, however, that Israel would "express its regret"; the interview came after Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman said that Turkey should apologize to Israel for supporting terrorists. ](/news/2010/12/27/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-rules-out-apologising-to-turkey-for-killing-nine-of-its-citizens-during-may-s-gaza-flotilla-raid-s.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Gaza flotilla raid, Israel, prime minister of Israel_
4. [The Attorney General of Israel Avichai Mandelblit orders a criminal investigation of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for alleged corruption in two different cases. ](/news/2016/12/28/the-attorney-general-of-israel-avichai-mandelblit-orders-a-criminal-investigation-of-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-for-alleged-c.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, prime minister of Israel_
5. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and  Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim announce their countries have agreed on a pact to normalize diplomatic relations that have been strained for six years since the Gaza flotilla raid when nine Turkish activists were killed. ](/news/2016/06/27/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-and-turkish-prime-minister-binali-ya-lda-ra-m-announce-their-countries-have-agreed-on-a-pact-to-n.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Gaza flotilla raid, prime minister of Israel_
6. [Israeli  Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu asks  Yisrael Beiteinu party leader and  former Foreign Minister  Avigdor Lieberman to be Defense Minister. Current defense minister and former army chief of staff Moshe Ya'alon's role in the future government is unclear. Leiberman is known for his hawkish and uncompromising views. ](/news/2016/05/19/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-asks-yisrael-beiteinu-party-leader-and-former-foreign-minister-avigdor-lieberman-to-be-defense.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, prime minister of Israel_
7. [The Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu vows that the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights, recognized as part of Syria, will forever stay in the country's hands and called on the international community to recognize Israeli sovereignty over the area. ](/news/2016/04/17/the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-vows-that-the-israeli-occupied-golan-heights-recognized-as-part-of-syria-will-forever-stay.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, prime minister of Israel_
8. [Israel's Supreme Court blocks the government's plan,  signed last December by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu with the U.S. Noble Energy and the Israeli Delek Group companies, to develop Israel's offshore gas deposits. The court found the so-called "stability clause,"  that would prevent Israel from making significant regulatory changes for the next 10 years, undemocratically restricts the Knesset's power. The government has one year  to come up with an alternative arrangement or the plan will be canceled. ](/news/2016/03/27/israel-s-supreme-court-blocks-the-government-s-plan-signed-last-december-by-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-with-the-u-s-noble-energy-a.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, prime minister of Israel_
9. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu orders a review of the status of certain Palestinian neighborhoods in East Jerusalem.  Netanyahu says he is considering revoking residency status for Palestinians living there, according to Israel's Channel 2. ](/news/2015/10/26/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-orders-a-review-of-the-status-of-certain-palestinian-neighborhoods-in-east-jerusalem-netanyahu-s.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, prime minister of Israel_
10. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's speech yesterday that the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem persuaded the Nazis to adopt their Final Solution to exterminate 6 million Jews is reproached by Holocaust experts and survivors, historians, world leaders, etc. Palestine Liberation Organization's Saeb Erakat and Israel's Zionist Union party's Isaac Herzog both blasted Netanyahu's claim. German Chancellor Angela Merkel said, "All Germans know the history of the murderous race mania of the Nazis that led to ... the Holocaust."  Mehnaz Afridi, a Manhattan College professor who promotes Muslim-Jewish dialogue said, "this ... really is a terrible statement to make at this time." ](/news/2015/10/21/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-s-speech-yesterday-that-the-grand-mufti-of-jerusalem-persuaded-the-nazis-to-adopt-their-final-solu.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, prime minister of Israel_
