### [2010-08-9](/news/2010/08/9/index.md)

# Prime Minister of the Solomon Islands Derek Sikua retains his seat in his North East Guadalcanal constituency as vote tallying continues in the general election. (Solomon Times)




### Related:

1. [Solomon Islands general election, 2010:The two major political coalitions name their candidates for Prime Minister of the Solomon Islands following the general election: Steve Abana, the leader of the Democratic Party, and Danny Philip, the former Foreign Minister. ](/news/2010/08/20/solomon-islands-general-election-2010-pthe-two-major-political-coalitions-name-their-candidates-for-prime-minister-of-the-solomon-islands-f.md) _Context: 2010 general election, Solomon Islands_
2. [A 7.9 magnitude earthquake hits west of Panguna, Papua New Guinea, beneath Bougainville Island.  No immediate reports of casualties or major damage. Tsunami alert for Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands is rescinded. ](/news/2017/01/22/a-7-9-magnitude-earthquake-hits-west-of-panguna-papua-new-guinea-beneath-bougainville-island-no-immediate-reports-of-casualties-or-major.md) _Context: Solomon Islands_
3. [A 7.8 magnitude earthquake strikes off the coast of Makira in the Solomon Islands, causing infrastructure damage, yet no casualties have been reported in the hours following the quake. ](/news/2016/12/9/a-7-8-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-off-the-coast-of-makira-in-the-solomon-islands-causing-infrastructure-damage-yet-no-casualties-have-bee.md) _Context: Solomon Islands_
4. [Tsunami warnings are issued for the Pacific region, including Indonesia and  the Solomon Islands, following a 7.9 magnitude earthquake east of Papua New Guinea. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center later reports the threat has largely passed. ](/news/2016/12/17/tsunami-warnings-are-issued-for-the-pacific-region-including-indonesia-and-the-solomon-islands-following-a-7-9-magnitude-earthquake-east.md) _Context: Solomon Islands_
5. [The United States Geological Survey also reports that a magnitude 6.2 earthquake struck off the coast of Malaita island, Solomon Islands. However, no tsunami warning has been issued. ](/news/2016/06/10/the-united-states-geological-survey-also-reports-that-a-magnitude-6-2-earthquake-struck-off-the-coast-of-malaita-island-solomon-islands-ho.md) _Context: Solomon Islands_
6. [A magnitude 7.0 earthquake hits off the coast of the Vanuatu island of Malakula, prompting the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center (PTWC) to issue a tsunami warning for the coasts of New Caledonia, Papua New Guinea, Solomon Islands and Vanuatu, which was later cancelled. ](/news/2016/04/29/a-magnitude-7-0-earthquake-hits-off-the-coast-of-the-vanuatu-island-of-malakula-prompting-the-pacific-tsunami-warning-center-ptwc-to-issu.md) _Context: Solomon Islands_
7. [Researchers discover a biofluorescent hawksbill sea turtle, glowing bright red and green, near the Solomon Islands in the South Pacific Ocean. This is the first time scientists have found biofluorescence in a reptile in the wild. The hawksbill sea turtle is an endangered species. ](/news/2015/09/29/researchers-discover-a-biofluorescent-hawksbill-sea-turtle-glowing-bright-red-and-green-near-the-solomon-islands-in-the-south-pacific-ocea.md) _Context: Solomon Islands_
8. [A 7.7 magnitude earthquake off the coast of Papua New Guinea prompts a tsunami warning for Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands. ](/news/2015/03/30/a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-off-the-coast-of-papua-new-guinea-prompts-a-tsunami-warning-for-papua-new-guinea-and-the-solomon-islands.md) _Context: Solomon Islands_
9. [Solomon Islands recognize Kosovo. ](/news/2014/08/13/solomon-islands-recognize-kosovo.md) _Context: Solomon Islands_
10. [Heavy rainfall from a tropical low causes flooding at Honiara, Solomon Islands, leading to at least 16 deaths and thousands of people being evacuated. ](/news/2014/04/4/heavy-rainfall-from-a-tropical-low-causes-flooding-at-honiara-solomon-islands-leading-to-at-least-16-deaths-and-thousands-of-people-being.md) _Context: Solomon Islands_
