### [2011-07-18](/news/2011/07/18/index.md)

# Nine months after a goodwill gesture Japan and South Korea will commence negotiations in August on the return of more than 1,200 volumes of ancient Korean royal archives taken during Japanese rule between 1910 and 1945. 




### Source:

1. [Yonhap News](http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/news/2011/07/18/64/0200000000AEN20110718002800315F.HTML)

### Related:

1. [ The government of South Korea complains to the Japanese government about a revised set of official Japanese history schoolbooks. The complaint alleges the textbooks whitewash Japan's "imperialist" past, and question Korean sovereignty of the disputed Liancourt Rocks. ](/news/2005/04/5/the-government-of-south-korea-complains-to-the-japanese-government-about-a-revised-set-of-official-japanese-history-schoolbooks-the-compla.md) _Context: Japan, Korea's colonial occupation, South Korea_
2. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. 2017 North Korean missile tests. North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-2017-north-korean-missile-tests-north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-tha.md) _Context: Japan, South Korea_
3. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-acc.md) _Context: Japan, South Korea_
4. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-east.md) _Context: Japan, South Korea_
5. [ United States Vice President Mike Pence visits Alaska, where he meets with Governor Bill Walker and discusses stationing F-35 squadrons in the state. Pence is beginning a 10-day trip to South Korea, Australia, Indonesia and Japan. ](/news/2017/04/15/united-states-vice-president-mike-pence-visits-alaska-where-he-meets-with-governor-bill-walker-and-discusses-stationing-f-35-squadrons-in.md) _Context: Japan, South Korea_
6. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea attempts again to launch a BM25 Musudan intermediate-range ballistic missile capable of striking South Korea or Japan but is unsuccessful. ](/news/2016/05/31/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-attempts-again-to-launch-a-bm25-musudan-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-capabl.md) _Context: Japan, South Korea_
7. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. Amid growing concern about North Korea's ballistic missile capability, South Korea, Japan and the U.S. are to hold their first ever joint anti-missile exercise next month, according to South Korea's Ministry of National Defense. The three countries will practice "detecting and tracing a hypothetical North Korean missile," said a ministry official. ](/news/2016/05/17/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-amid-growing-concern-about-north-korea-s-ballistic-missile-capability-south-korea-japan-and-t.md) _Context: Japan, South Korea_
8. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. South Korea has determined North Korea is capable of mounting a nuclear warhead on its medium-range Rodong-1 ballistic missile, which could reach all of South Korea and most of Japan, according to a senior government official. ](/news/2016/04/5/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-has-determined-north-korea-is-capable-of-mounting-a-nuclear-warhead-on-its-medium-r.md) _Context: Japan, South Korea_
9. [Japan-South Korea relations. Japan and South Korea agree to 'irreversibly' resolve a long-running dispute over Korean women the Japanese military used as sex slaves during World War II. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will issue a formal apology to the so-called "comfort women." Tokyo will set up an aid fund of about 1 billion yen ($8.3 million). ](/news/2015/12/28/japan-south-korea-relations-japan-and-south-korea-agree-to-irreversibly-resolve-a-long-running-dispute-over-korean-women-the-japanese-m.md) _Context: Japan, South Korea_
10. [China-Japan-South Korea trilateral summit. The leaders of the People's Republic of China, South Korea and Japan hold their first summit in three years. ](/news/2015/11/1/china-japan-south-korea-trilateral-summit-the-leaders-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-south-korea-and-japan-hold-their-first-summit.md) _Context: Japan, South Korea_
