### [2015-05-30](/news/2015/05/30/index.md)

# 2015 Rohingya refugee crisis: A Thai national is arrested in Myanmar in relation to human trafficking offences after the Myanmar Navy rescues more than 200 people from a boat that he allegedly owns. 

 YANGON, May 30 &mdash;&nbsp;A Thai national who allegedly owned a boat that was recently discovered by the Myanmar navy crammed with more than 200 migrants has been arrested, state media said today. The 53-year-old man was detained in the country&rsquo;s biggest


### Source:

1. [AFP via ''Myanmar Mail](http://www.themalaymailonline.com/world/article/thai-migrant-boat-owner-arrested-in-myanmar)

### Related:

1. [2013 Thailand refugee camp fire: The death toll from a fire in a Thai refugee camp for Karen refugees from Myanmar rises to 37 with more than a hundred injured. ](/news/2013/03/23/2013-thailand-refugee-camp-fire-the-death-toll-from-a-fire-in-a-thai-refugee-camp-for-karen-refugees-from-myanmar-rises-to-37-with-more-tha.md) _Context: Myanmar, Thai Society_
2. [Rohingya insurgency in Western Myanmar: 2016-17 Northern Rakhine State clashes: Government officials in Myanmar report that 12 security personnel (ten policemen, one soldier and one immigration officer) and 59 Rohingya insurgents were killed overnight during coordinated attacks by insurgents on at least 26 police posts and an army base in Rakhine State. ](/news/2017/08/25/rohingya-insurgency-in-western-myanmar-2016-17-northern-rakhine-state-clashes-government-officials-in-myanmar-report-that-12-security-pe.md) _Context: Myanmar_
3. [2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar: A mob of at least a hundred Rakhine Buddhists in Sittwe, Rakhine State, Myanmar, attack seven Rohingya men from Dapaing Camp for internally displaced persons, killing one and severely injuring another. The Rohingya men were being escorted by police to Sittwe's docks to purchase boats, but were attacked despite armed guards being present. ](/news/2017/07/4/2016-17-rohingya-persecution-in-myanmar-a-mob-of-at-least-a-hundred-rakhine-buddhists-in-sittwe-rakhine-state-myanmar-attack-seven-roh.md) _Context: Myanmar_
4. [Human trafficking in the United States: Nine men are found dead inside a tractor-trailer parked outside a Walmart store in the American city of San Antonio, Texas, in what authorities call a case of "ruthless" human trafficking. Thirty people, many in critical condition and suffering from heat stroke and exhaustion, were removed from the non-air conditioned trailer which also lacked a water supply. ](/news/2017/07/23/human-trafficking-in-the-united-states-nine-men-are-found-dead-inside-a-tractor-trailer-parked-outside-a-walmart-store-in-the-american-city.md) _Context: human trafficking_
5. [Human trafficking in Belgium: A Belgian court condemns a United Arab Emirates princess and her seven daughters to a fine and a suspended sentence, for human trafficking and mistreatment of their servants at a Brussels luxury hotel in 2008. ](/news/2017/06/23/human-trafficking-in-belgium-a-belgian-court-condemns-a-united-arab-emirates-princess-and-her-seven-daughters-to-a-fine-and-a-suspended-sen.md) _Context: human trafficking_
6. [The Holy See and Myanmar establish full diplomatic relations following a meeting between Pope Francis and Myanmar's State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-holy-see-and-myanmar-establish-full-diplomatic-relations-following-a-meeting-between-pope-francis-and-myanmar-s-state-counsellor-aung-sa.md) _Context: Myanmar_
7. [At least 20 people are killed when a boat carrying wedding guests collides with a river barge in western Myanmar. ](/news/2017/04/8/at-least-20-people-are-killed-when-a-boat-carrying-wedding-guests-collides-with-a-river-barge-in-western-myanmar.md) _Context: Myanmar_
8. [Twenty people have died and more than a dozen missing after a ferry capsizes in Myanmar's Irrawaddy River delta. ](/news/2017/04/7/twenty-people-have-died-and-more-than-a-dozen-missing-after-a-ferry-capsizes-in-myanmar-s-irrawaddy-river-delta.md) _Context: Myanmar_
9. [Internal conflict in Myanmar: According to the government of Myanmar, at least 30 people are killed in an attack on various police, military, and government installations by the Myanmar National Democratic Alliance Army in Laukkai. Four police officers were also taken hostage. ](/news/2017/03/6/internal-conflict-in-myanmar-according-to-the-government-of-myanmar-at-least-30-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-on-various-police-military.md) _Context: Myanmar_
10. [2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar: The United Nations Human Rights Council releases a report detailing mass atrocities by the military and police forces against Myanmar's Rohingya minority, including gang-rapes, mass killings, and possible ethnic cleansing, which could amount to crimes against humanity. ](/news/2017/02/3/2016-17-rohingya-persecution-in-myanmar-the-united-nations-human-rights-council-releases-a-report-detailing-mass-atrocities-by-the-milita.md) _Context: Myanmar_
