### [2015-05-30](/news/2015/05/30/index.md)

# A Thai national is arrested in Myanmar in relation to human trafficking offences after the Myanmar Navy rescues more than 200 people from a boat that he allegedly owns. 

 YANGON, May 30 &mdash;&nbsp;A Thai national who allegedly owned a boat that was recently discovered by the Myanmar navy crammed with more than 200 migrants has been arrested, state media said today. The 53-year-old man was detained in the country&rsquo;s biggest


### Source:

1. [AFP via ''Myanmar Mail](http://www.themalaymailonline.com/world/article/thai-migrant-boat-owner-arrested-in-myanmar)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.themalaymailonline.com/uploads/articles/2015-05/20150515_03_ASIA-MIGRANTS-BOAT.JPG)

### Related:

1. [2013 Thailand refugee camp fire: The death toll from a fire in a Thai refugee camp for Karen refugees from Myanmar rises to 37 with more than a hundred injured. ](/news/2013/03/23/2013-thailand-refugee-camp-fire-the-death-toll-from-a-fire-in-a-thai-refugee-camp-for-karen-refugees-from-myanmar-rises-to-37-with-more-tha.md) _Context: Myanmar, Thai Society_
2. [Bangladesh accuses the Myanmar Army of laying landmines on the border between both countries to prevent the return of fleeing Rohingya refugees. Myanmar denies the Bangladeshi claims. ](/news/2017/09/6/bangladesh-accuses-the-myanmar-army-of-laying-landmines-on-the-border-between-both-countries-to-prevent-the-return-of-fleeing-rohingya-refug.md) _Context: Myanmar_
3. [More than 123,000 Rohingya refugees have fled Myanmar and crossed into Bangladesh due to escalating violence by the Myanmar Army. ](/news/2017/09/5/more-than-123-000-rohingya-refugees-have-fled-myanmar-and-crossed-into-bangladesh-due-to-escalating-violence-by-the-myanmar-army.md) _Context: Myanmar_
4. [A few hundred pro-government protesters gather in Myanmar's commercial capital Yangon, condemning Rohingya militants as well as perceived foreign interference in the Rakhine conflict. ](/news/2017/09/18/a-few-hundred-pro-government-protesters-gather-in-myanmar-s-commercial-capital-yangon-condemning-rohingya-militants-as-well-as-perceived-fo.md) _Context: Myanmar_
5. [Bangladeshi Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina accuses the Burmese government of "atrocities" against the Rohingya people and calls for these alleged atrocities to stop. ](/news/2017/09/12/bangladeshi-prime-minister-sheikh-hasina-accuses-the-burmese-government-of-atrocities-against-the-rohingya-people-and-calls-for-these-alle.md) _Context: Myanmar_
6. [Twenty-six bodies of women and children are recovered after three boats carrying ethnic Rohingya fleeing violence in Myanmar sink in the Naf River in Bangladesh's Cox's Bazar District. ](/news/2017/08/31/twenty-six-bodies-of-women-and-children-are-recovered-after-three-boats-carrying-ethnic-rohingya-fleeing-violence-in-myanmar-sink-in-the-naf.md) _Context: Myanmar_
7. [Dozens of Rohingya Muslims fleeing renewed violence in Rakhine State are detained by Bangladeshi and Burmese authorities after they attempt to cross the border from Myanmar to Bangladesh. Many were en route to Kutupalong Refugee Camp, a refugee camp in Ukhia, Bangladesh, mostly inhabited by Rohingya refugees. ](/news/2017/08/27/dozens-of-rohingya-muslims-fleeing-renewed-violence-in-rakhine-state-are-detained-by-bangladeshi-and-burmese-authorities-after-they-attempt.md) _Context: Myanmar_
8. [Government officials in Myanmar report that 12 security personnel (ten policemen, one soldier and one immigration officer) and 59 Rohingya insurgents were killed overnight during coordinated attacks by insurgents on at least 26 police posts and an army base in Rakhine State. ](/news/2017/08/25/government-officials-in-myanmar-report-that-12-security-personnel-ten-policemen-one-soldier-and-one-immigration-officer-and-59-rohingya-i.md) _Context: Myanmar_
9. [A mob of at least a hundred Rakhine Buddhists in Sittwe, Rakhine State, Myanmar, attack seven Rohingya men from Dapaing Camp for internally displaced persons, killing one and severely injuring another. The Rohingya men were being escorted by police to Sittwe's docks to purchase boats, but were attacked despite armed guards being present. ](/news/2017/07/4/a-mob-of-at-least-a-hundred-rakhine-buddhists-in-sittwe-rakhine-state-myanmar-attack-seven-rohingya-men-from-dapaing-camp-for-internally.md) _Context: Myanmar_
10. [Nine men are found dead inside a tractor-trailer parked outside a Walmart store in the American city of San Antonio, Texas, in what authorities call a case of "ruthless" human trafficking. Thirty people, many in critical condition and suffering from heat stroke and exhaustion, were removed from the non-air conditioned trailer which also lacked a water supply. ](/news/2017/07/23/nine-men-are-found-dead-inside-a-tractor-trailer-parked-outside-a-walmart-store-in-the-american-city-of-san-antonio-texas-in-what-authorit.md) _Context: human trafficking_
