### [2015-05-30](/news/2015/05/30/index.md)

# The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights estimates that barrel bombs dropped by the Bashar al-Assad regime have killed at least 45 people in the Aleppo Governorate and injured dozens more. 

A series of barrel bombs dropped by Syria&#39;s regime killed at least 45 civilians and wounded dozens in Aleppo province Saturday, said the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.


### Source:

1. [AFP via ''Daily Star](http://www.dailystar.com.lb/News/Middle-East/2015/May-30/299862-regime-barrel-bombs-kill-45-civilians-in-syrias-aleppo-activists.ashx)

### Related:

1. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a car bomb has killed at least ten people in the city of Azaz, Aleppo Governorate. ](/news/2016/11/17/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-car-bomb-has-killed-at-least-ten-people-in-the-city-of-azaz-aleppo-governorate.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
2. [Hours after the Syrian military declares the end of the ceasefire, an airstrike hits a convoy of United Nations OCHA aid trucks near the town of Urum al-Kubra, in the Aleppo Governorate, with the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reporting that at least 12 people have been killed. ](/news/2016/09/19/hours-after-the-syrian-military-declares-the-end-of-the-ceasefire-an-airstrike-hits-a-convoy-of-united-nations-ocha-aid-trucks-near-the-tow.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
3. [At least three people are killed and three more injured as hundreds of Syrian Kurds flee Aleppo Province villages controlled by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, which continues to abduct and enslave Kurds.  Yesterday, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported ISIL militants have kidnapped about 900 civilians over the past three weeks. ](/news/2016/06/25/at-least-three-people-are-killed-and-three-more-injured-as-hundreds-of-syrian-kurds-flee-aleppo-province-villages-controlled-by-the-islamic.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
4. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says that Turkey has shelled areas held by the Kurdish YPG militia group in Syria's Aleppo Governorate for the second successive day with two YPG fighters reportedly killed. ](/news/2016/02/14/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-that-turkey-has-shelled-areas-held-by-the-kurdish-ypg-militia-group-in-syria-s-aleppo-governora.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
5. [At least 75 Syrian Army soldiers and pro-Assad militiamen are killed following a multi-front attack on the eastern Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL fighters had advanced into the northern tip of Deir ez-Zor city, and captured the suburb of Al-Baghaliyeh. The pro-government Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA) reports that government forces had repelled an attack on the city leaving dozens of militants dead. ](/news/2016/01/16/at-least-75-syrian-army-soldiers-and-pro-assad-militiamen-are-killed-following-a-multi-front-attack-on-the-eastern-syrian-city-of-deir-ez-zo.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
6. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims that the government has used barrel bombs resulting in the deaths of 21 people in the rebel held town of Bosra in the Daraa Governorate. ](/news/2015/09/17/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-claims-that-the-government-has-used-barrel-bombs-resulting-in-the-deaths-of-21-people-in-the-rebel-h.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, barrel bomb_
7. [Syrian Civil War:A battle between Bashar al-Assad loyalist forces and Islamist rebels in Aleppo Governorate leave 34 rebels dead and 3 loyalist fighters captured. ](/news/2014/12/14/syrian-civil-war-pa-battle-between-bashar-al-assad-loyalist-forces-and-islamist-rebels-in-aleppo-governorate-leave-34-rebels-dead-and-3-loya.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Bashar al-Assad, Syrian Civil War_
8. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says barrels packed with explosives dropped from Syrian Air Force aircraft have killed 517 people in the northern province of Aleppo since 15 December. ](/news/2013/12/29/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-barrels-packed-with-explosives-dropped-from-syrian-air-force-aircraft-have-killed-517-people-in.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
9. [Syrian Civil War:The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims that barrel bomb airstrikes by the Syrian government on the city of Aleppo kill at least 76 people. ](/news/2013/12/16/syrian-civil-war-pthe-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-claims-that-barrel-bomb-airstrikes-by-the-syrian-government-on-the-city-of-aleppo.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, barrel bomb_
10. [In the first declared visit to the town since the beginning of the war, President Bashar al-Assad attends the Eid al-Fitr prayer in Hama. ](/news/2017/06/25/in-the-first-declared-visit-to-the-town-since-the-beginning-of-the-war-president-bashar-al-assad-attends-the-eid-al-fitr-prayer-in-hama.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syrian Civil War_
