### [2010-06-2](/news/2010/06/2/index.md)

# Brazil and Zimbabwe play a football game in front of a sell-out crowd in Harare ahead of the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa, the first time since independence that a non-African team has performed in the country. President Robert Mugabe and Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai both attend and civil servants are given time off work. 

Brazil defeated Zimbabwe 3-0 in a World Cup warmup on Wednesday in Harare, Zimbabwe, thanks to goals from Michel Bastos, Robinho and Elano.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/africa/10218163.stm)
2. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/sports/soccer/fifaworldcup/brazil/story/2010/06/02/sp-brazil-zimbabwe.html?ref=rss)
3. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/sports/2010/06/02/brazil-bring-rare-good-news-zimbabwe-2102133529/)
4. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/football/2010/jun/02/zimbabwe-brazil-international-friendly)
5. [Times Live](http://www.timeslive.co.za/sport/soccer/article483407.ece/Zim-civil-servants-get-time-off-for-Brazil-match)

### Related:

1. [American hotel heiress Paris Hilton is arrested in Port Elizabeth, South Africa, for allegedly smoking marijuana during the 2010 FIFA World Cup match between Brazil and the Netherlands. ](/news/2010/07/2/american-hotel-heiress-paris-hilton-is-arrested-in-port-elizabeth-south-africa-for-allegedly-smoking-marijuana-during-the-2010-fifa-world.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, Brazil national football team, South Africa_
2. [ Leading opponents of Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe, including Morgan Tsvangirai, leader of the Movement for Democratic Change, and four other members of parliament and party activists, are arrested for defying a ban on protest rallies in Harare. Riot police shoot one activist dead. ](/news/2007/03/11/leading-opponents-of-zimbabwe-s-president-robert-mugabe-including-morgan-tsvangirai-leader-of-the-movement-for-democratic-change-and-fou.md) _Context: Harare, Morgan Tsvangirai, Robert Mugabe_
3. [Robert Mugabe wins the Zimbabwe elections with 54% of the vote to Morgan Tsvangirai's 40% on a turnout of 55.9%. His victory is controversial and comes amid claims that many have been prevented from voting and there has been a campaign of intimidation. But election observers from South Africa and the Organisation of African Unity state that the outcome is legitimate.](/news/2002/03/11/robert-mugabe-wins-the-zimbabwe-elections-with-54-of-the-vote-to-morgan-tsvangirai-s-40-on-a-turnout-of-55-9-his-victory-is-controversia.md) _Context: Morgan Tsvangirai, Robert Mugabe, South Africa_
4. [Police and protesters clash in Harare after a court ruled that protests against Robert Mugabe can continue. ](/news/2016/08/26/police-and-protesters-clash-in-harare-after-a-court-ruled-that-protests-against-robert-mugabe-can-continue.md) _Context: Harare, Robert Mugabe_
5. [Protests in Harare and elsewhere in the country continue despite police intimidation and pleas by President Robert Mugabe for them to stop. ](/news/2016/07/8/protests-in-harare-and-elsewhere-in-the-country-continue-despite-police-intimidation-and-pleas-by-president-robert-mugabe-for-them-to-stop.md) _Context: Harare, Robert Mugabe_
6. [Thousands of opposition supporters rally in Harare, Zimbabwe, against President Robert Mugabe and the deteriorating economy. The rally was banned by the police, however, it went ahead after a ruling by the High Court sanctioned the protest. ](/news/2016/04/14/thousands-of-opposition-supporters-rally-in-harare-zimbabwe-against-president-robert-mugabe-and-the-deteriorating-economy-the-rally-was-b.md) _Context: Harare, Robert Mugabe_
7. [Zimbabwe's Movement for Democratic Change files papers with the Constitutional Court in Harare arguing that the recent elections be annulled because of widespread allegations of illegalities and intimidation of voters by Robert Mugabe's ZANU-PF party. ](/news/2013/08/9/zimbabwe-s-movement-for-democratic-change-files-papers-with-the-constitutional-court-in-harare-arguing-that-the-recent-elections-be-annulled.md) _Context: Harare, Robert Mugabe_
8. [Zimbabwe's top court rules that the general election should be held on July 31 despite an appeal by President Robert Mugabe and his main rival Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai. ](/news/2013/07/5/zimbabwe-s-top-court-rules-that-the-general-election-should-be-held-on-july-31-despite-an-appeal-by-president-robert-mugabe-and-his-main-riv.md) _Context: Morgan Tsvangirai, Robert Mugabe_
9. [The incumbent President of Zimbabwe, Robert Mugabe, determines that elections will be scheduled for 31 July 2013, however Mugabe's leading presidential contestant and primary political rival Morgan Tsvangirai rejects this as being "a unilateral and flagrant breach of the constitution". ](/news/2013/06/13/the-incumbent-president-of-zimbabwe-robert-mugabe-determines-that-elections-will-be-scheduled-for-31-july-2013-however-mugabe-s-leading-p.md) _Context: Morgan Tsvangirai, Robert Mugabe_
10. [The draw for the 2013 FIFA Confederations Cup is held at the Anhembi Convention Center in Sao Paulo, Brazil. Title holders Brazil will face Japan, Mexico, Italy in Group A while World Champions Spain will play Uruguay, Tahiti and the 2013 African Champion in Group B. ](/news/2012/12/1/the-draw-for-the-2013-fifa-confederations-cup-is-held-at-the-anhembi-convention-center-in-sapso-paulo-brazil-title-holders-brazil-will-face.md) _Context: 2010 FIFA World Cup, Brazil national football team_
