### [2010-06-2](/news/2010/06/2/index.md)

# The right's Civic Democratic Party (ODS), TOP 09 and Public Affairs sign a coalition agreement in the wake of last Saturday's general election in the Czech Republic, even though the left Czech Social Democratic Party (CSSD) won more votes. 

Three centre-right parties pledge to work together following weekend election.


### Source:

1. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/europe/2010/06/20106212303284291.html)

### Related:

1. [Legislative elections in the Czech Republic:The Social Democrats gain the most votes, but 10 percentage points less than 2006, losing 18 seats. [http://edition.cnn.com/2010/WORLD/europe/05/30/czech.elections/index.html (CNN)] [http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5jXQklBDkGopiAnFivptSWyL6nplgD9G15CB00 (AP)]Centre-right parties win 118 seats, with two of them--TOP 09 and Public Affairs--standing in the election for the first time. A centre-right coalition, with Petr Necas as new Prime Minister, is believed to be "almost certain". [http://www.businessweek.com/news/2010-05-29/czech-voters-choose-spending-cuts-amid-european-debt-crisis.html (BusinessWeek)]Social Democrats leader Jiri Paroubek resigns as party leader following the result. [http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSPRG00416620100529?type=marketsNews (Reuters)]The Communist Party, which was polling higher than 2006 before the election, fail to make any gains, remaining at 26 seats.](/news/2010/05/30/legislative-elections-in-the-czech-republic-pthe-social-democrats-gain-the-most-votes-but-10-percentage-points-less-than-2006-losing-18-se.md) _Context: Public Affairs, Social Democrats, TOP 09, last Saturday's general election_
2. [Voters in the Czech Republic vote in legislative elections. ](/news/2010/05/28/voters-in-the-czech-republic-vote-in-legislative-elections.md) _Context: Czech, last Saturday's general election_
3. [ Czech Republic government is in crisis after the coalition partner of the ruling Civic Democrats party. Christian Democrats, calls for its three ministers to leave. That would lead into a minority government. Prime minister Stanislav Gross also faces a no confidence vote in Friday over his personal finances ](/news/2005/03/30/czech-republic-government-is-in-crisis-after-the-coalition-partner-of-the-ruling-civic-democrats-party-christian-democrats-calls-for-its.md) _Context: Civic Democratic Party, Czech_
4. [ Czech Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka has announced that he will submit his government's resignation because of a disagreement with Finance Minister Andrej Babis. ](/news/2017/05/2/czech-prime-minister-bohuslav-sobotka-has-announced-that-he-will-submit-his-government-s-resignation-because-of-a-disagreement-with-finance.md) _Context: Czech_
5. [Czech police announce the arrest of a man at a Prague hotel two weeks ago who they claim is a Russian hacker suspected of targeting the U.S. ](/news/2016/10/19/czech-police-announce-the-arrest-of-a-man-at-a-prague-hotel-two-weeks-ago-who-they-claim-is-a-russian-hacker-suspected-of-targeting-the-u-s.md) _Context: Czech_
6. [ Six people are hurt as an unknown assailant fires shots at a Czech tourist bus on the A7 autoroute near Saulce-sur-Rhone in southeastern France. ](/news/2016/06/5/six-people-are-hurt-as-an-unknown-assailant-fires-shots-at-a-czech-tourist-bus-on-the-a7-autoroute-near-saulce-sur-rha-ne-in-southeastern-f.md) _Context: Czech_
7. [Czech Minister of the Interior Milan Chovanec says that authorities in Prague will send a group of 25 Iraqi Christians back to Iraq after they tried to move to Germany rather than staying in the Czech Republic. The refugees were on their way to Germany via bus before being stopped at the border. Czech authorities agreed to a request by the German police to take the people back. Chovanec said the 25 Iraqis abused Czech generosity and should go back to Iraq within seven days. ](/news/2016/04/3/czech-minister-of-the-interior-milan-chovanec-says-that-authorities-in-prague-will-send-a-group-of-25-iraqi-christians-back-to-iraq-after-th.md) _Context: Czech_
8. [Leaders of the Czech Republic choose "Czechia" as the one-word alternative name of their country to make it easier for companies, politicians and sportsmen to use on products, name tags and sporting jerseys. However, this change must still win cabinet approval before the foreign ministry can lodge the name with the United Nations for it to become the country's official short name. ](/news/2016/04/15/leaders-of-the-czech-republic-choose-aczechiaa-as-the-one-word-alternative-name-of-their-country-to-make-it-easier-for-companies-politi.md) _Context: Czech_
9. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Czech_
10. [Five people are killed in an avalanche that buried 17 Czechs in Austria. ](/news/2016/02/6/five-people-are-killed-in-an-avalanche-that-buried-17-czechs-in-austria.md) _Context: Czech_
