### [2010-12-29](/news/2010/12/29/index.md)

# A proposed draft resolution calling on the United Nations Security Council to criticise the construction of settlements by Israel is obtained by the Associated Press. 

Proposed draft resolution calls on Security Council to condemn Israeli settlements after impasse over US-brokered talks.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/12/20101229183029615952.html)

### Related:

1. [The  report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end  settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on  Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations Security Council_
2. [2014 Israel-Gaza conflict:The United Nations Security Council calls for an immediate ceasefire but neither Israel nor Hamas agrees. ](/news/2014/07/28/2014-israelagaza-conflict-pthe-united-nations-security-council-calls-for-an-immediate-ceasefire-but-neither-israel-nor-hamas-agrees.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations Security Council_
3. [United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urges Iran to comply with U.N. Security Council resolutions concerning the nuclear program of Iran, and implicitly criticises it for its Israel policy at a meeting of the Non-Aligned Movement. ](/news/2012/08/30/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-urges-iran-to-comply-with-u-n-security-council-resolutions-concerning-the-nuclear-program-of-i.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations Security Council_
4. [ Israel and Hamas ignore the United Nations Security Council's call for a ceasefire in the conflict in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2009/01/9/israel-and-hamas-ignore-the-united-nations-security-council-s-call-for-a-ceasefire-in-the-conflict-in-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations Security Council_
5. [ The United States vetoes a United Nations Security Council resolution condemning the Beit Hanoun November 2006 incident and urging for a quick withdrawal of Israel from the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2006/11/11/the-united-states-vetoes-a-united-nations-security-council-resolution-condemning-the-beit-hanoun-november-2006-incident-and-urging-for-a-qu.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations Security Council_
6. [ Kofi Annan states that he is working with the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council to deploy an armed force in the Middle East to quell the escalation of conflict between Israel, Palestinian insurgents and Hezbollah. Tony Blair supports the plan. ](/news/2006/07/17/kofi-annan-states-that-he-is-working-with-the-five-permanent-members-of-the-united-nations-security-council-to-deploy-an-armed-force-in-the.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations Security Council_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Islamic Jihad have announced that they are to "re-evaluate" their cease-fire after Israeli soldiers kill 3 Palestinians, all aged 14. Palestinian witnesses allege they were killed trying to retrieve a football in a no-go area near the Egypt border at the Rafah Refugee camp. According to Israel Radio, Palestinian security services notified Israel they had detained two boys who were not hit by IDF fire, and that the group of five youths were smugglers. At least 10 mortar shells are then fired at the Gush Katif settlements. A Hamas leader, Saeed Siyam, is quoted by the AP as saying the boys deaths would be "avenged". ](/news/2005/04/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-islamic-jihad-have-announced-that-they-are-to-re-evaluate-their-cease-fire-after-israeli-soldiers-kill-3-pa.md) _Context: Associated Press, Israel_
8. [A shooting  at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's  Al-Aqsa Mosque. ](/news/2017/07/23/a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordanian-wounded-there-is.md) _Context: Israel_
9. [A United Nations Security Council session is to be held to address the escalating violence in Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/07/22/a-united-nations-security-council-session-is-to-be-held-to-address-the-escalating-violence-in-jerusalem.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel_
