### [2016-12-20](/news/2016/12/20/index.md)

# An explosion at a fireworks market in the city of Tultepec near Mexico City, kills at least 29 people and injures at least 70 others. Pyrotechnics is a major industry in Tultepec. 

Images broadcast by Milenio showed smoke rising from the scorched ground and fireworks stands. Emergency crews were attending to victims and hosing down hotspots.


### Source:

1. [AP and NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/60-hurt-explosion-rips-fireworks-market-outside-mexico-city-n698476?cid=eml_nbn_20161220)
2. [CBS Local](http://newyork.cbslocal.com/2016/12/20/12-killed-after-explosion-rips-through-mexico-fireworks-market/)
3. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/12/20/americas/mexico-fireworks-explosion/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Socorro Flores Liera, Mexico's deputy foreign minister for Latin America and the Caribbean, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Mexico City, that during the first half of 2017, 1,420 Venezuelans have sought asylum in Mexico, a nearly four-fold jump compared to the 361 total Venezuelan asylum applicants for all of 2016, as the result of Venezuela's deepening political and economic crisis. ](/news/2017/08/4/socorro-flores-liera-mexico-s-deputy-foreign-minister-for-latin-america-and-the-caribbean-speaks-during-an-interview-with-reuters-in-mexic.md) _Context: Mexico City_
2. [German police detain two suspects with over 150kg of pyrotechnic explosives and an IED inscribed with a swastika and SS runes, stating the two may have a connection to a neo-Nazi terrorist group. ](/news/2017/01/14/german-police-detain-two-suspects-with-over-150kg-of-pyrotechnic-explosives-and-an-ied-inscribed-with-a-swastika-and-ss-runes-stating-the-t.md) _Context: pyrotechnic explosives_
3. [Authorities say the death toll is now 31, and that 47 of the 60 people injured remain hospitalized. ](/news/2016/12/21/authorities-say-the-death-toll-is-now-31-and-that-47-of-the-60-people-injured-remain-hospitalized.md) _Context: 2016 San Pablito Market fireworks explosion_
4. [Luis Videgaray Caso resigns as Mexico's finance minister amid fallout over President Enrique Pena Nieto's controversial meeting with U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump in Mexico City. Videgaray is revealed to have been the main advocate of arranging the meeting. ](/news/2016/09/7/luis-videgaray-caso-resigns-as-mexico-s-finance-minister-amid-fallout-over-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-s-controversial-meeting-with-u-s-p.md) _Context: Mexico City_
5. [U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump meets with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto in Mexico City after accepting an invitation from him. ](/news/2016/08/31/u-s-republican-presidential-nominee-donald-trump-meets-with-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-in-mexico-city-after-accepting-an-invitat.md) _Context: Mexico City_
6. [Mexico City authorities declare a pollution alert after smog rose to 1.5 times acceptable limits the day before implementation of the City's new, temporary air quality program that will  keep one-fifth of the city's cars at home every weekday. ](/news/2016/04/4/mexico-city-authorities-declare-a-pollution-alert-after-smog-rose-to-1-5-times-acceptable-limits-the-day-before-implementation-of-the-city-s.md) _Context: Mexico City_
7. [Mexico City, facing the capital's worst air-quality crisis in over a decade, issues a  temporary order that all cars remain idle one day a week. Today, authorities report a pollution index of 108 (bad) after low readings during Holy Week. Vehicles will also be forced from the roads one Saturday a month. The measure will begin next Tuesday, April 5, and run until Thursday, June 30, 2016. Starting July 1, improved technology will be  in place at smog-check centers where all vehicles must be tested every six months. ](/news/2016/03/30/mexico-city-facing-the-capital-s-worst-air-quality-crisis-in-over-a-decade-issues-a-temporary-order-that-all-cars-remain-idle-one-day-a-w.md) _Context: Mexico City_
8. [The Mexican Federal District is officially renamed to Mexico City (Ciudad de Mexico), and becomes one of the 32 first-level administrative entities of Mexico. ](/news/2016/01/29/the-mexican-federal-district-is-officially-renamed-to-mexico-city-ciudad-de-ma-c-xico-and-becomes-one-of-the-32-first-level-administrative.md) _Context: Mexico City_
9. [Venezuela announces it will suspend the sale of alcoholic beverages, fireworks and weapons before Sunday's parliamentary elections, starting Friday at 6 p.m. until next Monday at 6 p.m. Civilian permits for the possession and use of firearms and knives will be also be suspended for the same period. ](/news/2015/11/30/venezuela-announces-it-will-suspend-the-sale-of-alcoholic-beverages-fireworks-and-weapons-before-sunday-s-parliamentary-elections-starting.md) _Context: fireworks_
10. [At least 27 people are killed and more than 180 hospitalized with injuries after a fire in a nightclub in the Romanian capital Bucharest. Officials say a heavy metal band's pyrotechnical show sparked a fire inside the Colectiv nightclub. ](/news/2015/10/30/at-least-27-people-are-killed-and-more-than-180-hospitalized-with-injuries-after-a-fire-in-a-nightclub-in-the-romanian-capital-bucharest-of.md) _Context: pyrotechnic explosives_
