### [2016-12-20](/news/2016/12/20/index.md)

# Four police officers and one suspect have been killed following a raid on an apartment near Al-Karak in Jordan. Two more suspects have been arrested under suspicions of connections with Sunday's attack in the city by the Islamic State. 

One suspect among five dead after raid on apartment in Jordanian province which saw a deadly castle assault on Sunday.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/12/renewed-violence-reported-jordan-karak-161220142108793.html)

### Related:

1. [Unknown militants stage a number of attacks across the city of Al-Karak in Jordan, killing five people and injuring at least 10 others. ](/news/2016/12/18/unknown-militants-stage-a-number-of-attacks-across-the-city-of-al-karak-in-jordan-killing-five-people-and-injuring-at-least-10-others.md) _Context: Al-Karak, Jordan, Sunday's attack in the city_
2. [The father of  Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While  generally free of liability under U.S. law  which  provides a legal ''safe harbor'' for content posted, this case targets  the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015-paris-massacre-files-suit-i.md) _Context: ISIL, Jordan_
3. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says Syrian rebels have seized control of the al-Tanf border crossing on the Iraq-Syria border from ISIL militants. The rebel fighters who took the crossing reportedly entered Syria through Jordan. ](/news/2016/03/4/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-syrian-rebels-have-seized-control-of-the-al-tanf-border-crossing-on-the-iraqasyria-border-fro.md) _Context: ISIL, Jordan_
4. [The United States delivers eight UH-60 Black Hawk helicopters to Jordan to help the Jordanian Armed Forces defend the country from the threat of ISIL.  ](/news/2016/03/3/the-united-states-delivers-eight-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopters-to-jordan-to-help-the-jordanian-armed-forces-defend-the-country-from-the-threa.md) _Context: ISIL, Jordan_
5. [Jordan says an overnight raid on an ISIL cell in the city of Irbid has left seven militants and one security officer dead, with five others injured. Those killed were planning to blow up civilian and military targets in the country, according to the General Intelligence Directorate (GID). ](/news/2016/03/2/jordan-says-an-overnight-raid-on-an-isil-cell-in-the-city-of-irbid-has-left-seven-militants-and-one-security-officer-dead-with-five-others.md) _Context: ISIL, Jordan_
6. [Jordan executes convicted Iraqi terrorists Sajida al-Rishawi and Ziad al-Karbouli in response to the execution by ISIL of Jordanian Air Force lieutenant Muath Al-Kasasbeh. ](/news/2015/02/4/jordan-executes-convicted-iraqi-terrorists-sajida-al-rishawi-and-ziad-al-karbouli-in-response-to-the-execution-by-isil-of-jordanian-air-forc.md) _Context: ISIL, Jordan_
7. [As nationwide protests over fuel price hikes continue in Jordan, unidentified gunmen storm a police station in the northern town of Irbid, leading to the fatal shooting of 22-year-old civilian, and injuries to 13 police officers and 4 protesters. Protests and sporadic looting are reported from Al Karak, Salt and Madaba. ](/news/2012/11/15/as-nationwide-protests-over-fuel-price-hikes-continue-in-jordan-unidentified-gunmen-storm-a-police-station-in-the-northern-town-of-irbid-l.md) _Context: Al-Karak, Jordan_
8. [Thousands of people march through the cities of Amman, Ma'an, Karak, Salt and Irbidin and other parts of Jordan, objecting to the government's inability to stop poverty and increased living costs. Prime Minister Samir Rifai, described as a "coward", is asked to resign. ](/news/2011/01/14/thousands-of-people-march-through-the-cities-of-amman-ma-an-karak-salt-and-irbidin-and-other-parts-of-jordan-objecting-to-the-government.md) _Context: Al-Karak, Jordan_
9. [Three female ISIL  suicide bombers kill 15 people and injure five in three separate incidents over the last two days as the fight for Mosul winds down. ](/news/2017/07/3/three-female-isil-suicide-bombers-kill-15-people-and-injure-five-in-three-separate-incidents-over-the-last-two-days-as-the-fight-for-mosul.md) _Context: ISIL_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Jordan_
