### [2016-12-20](/news/2016/12/20/index.md)

# The Met Office issues warnings for parts of Scotland, Northern England and Northern Ireland as Storm Barbara prepares to make landfall. 

Christmas travel plans look set to be thrown into chaos, with 90mph winds threatening to strike large parts of the UK from Friday.


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/12/20/storm-barbara-threatens-christmas-get-away-90-mph-winds/)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/content/dam/news/2016/12/20/JS116497429-stormbarbaramagicseaweed-NEWS-xlarge_trans_NvBQzQNjv4Bq0XfbfBOE7ZY4pmfWMqvitgPZI6jNVB9Rg7B7SdIA7a8.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The Met Office issues travel warnings for parts of Wales, Scotland and England as Storm Doris, described as a "weather bomb", brings gales, heavy rain and snow to the United Kingdom. At least one person is killed. ](/news/2017/02/23/the-met-office-issues-travel-warnings-for-parts-of-wales-scotland-and-england-as-storm-doris-described-as-a-aweather-bomba-brings-gal.md) _Context: 2016-17 UK and Ireland windstorm season, Met Office, Scotland_
2. [The United Kingdom's Met Office issues two new severe weather warnings for wind and rain covering across much of Scotland and Northern England beginning 6 a.m. Wednesday. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-united-kingdom-s-met-office-issues-two-new-severe-weather-warnings-for-wind-and-rain-covering-across-much-of-scotland-and-northern-engla.md) _Context: Met Office, Scotland, northern England_
3. [A wild storm hits Scotland, northern England and Northern Ireland leaving up to 14,000 people without power in western Scotland. ](/news/2014/12/10/a-wild-storm-hits-scotland-northern-england-and-northern-ireland-leaving-up-to-14-000-people-without-power-in-western-scotland.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Scotland, northern England_
4. [The Met Office issues a storm warning for the entire United Kingdom, with Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland reportedly the worst-affected areas. Two people are later reported killed in separate weather-related incidents. ](/news/2012/01/3/the-met-office-issues-a-storm-warning-for-the-entire-united-kingdom-with-scotland-wales-and-northern-ireland-reportedly-the-worst-affected.md) _Context: Met Office, Northern Ireland, Scotland_
5. [The Met Office issues warnings for parts of South East England as Storm Angus prepares to make landfall. ](/news/2016/11/19/the-met-office-issues-warnings-for-parts-of-south-east-england-as-storm-angus-prepares-to-make-landfall.md) _Context: 2016-17 UK and Ireland windstorm season, Met Office_
6. [Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-the-uk-wide-brexit-result-binds-the-entire-nation-ev.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Scotland_
7. [Philip Dilley, chairman of the UK's Environment Agency resigns after receiving heavy criticism for not returning from a family holiday in Barbados during the recent heavy floods in Northern England and Scotland. ](/news/2016/01/11/philip-dilley-chairman-of-the-uk-s-environment-agency-resigns-after-receiving-heavy-criticism-for-not-returning-from-a-family-holiday-in-ba.md) _Context: Scotland, northern England_
8. [Thousands of homes in Scotland and Northern Ireland are without electricity and many roads are closed after snowfall and strong winds hit over the weekend. ](/news/2013/03/25/thousands-of-homes-in-scotland-and-northern-ireland-are-without-electricity-and-many-roads-are-closed-after-snowfall-and-strong-winds-hit-ov.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Scotland_
9. [ Musician Elton John and Canadian filmmaker David Furnish are joined in a civil partnership ceremony at Windsor Town Hall. The couple are among hundreds of same-sex couples entering civil partnerships in England and Wales on the first day that such ceremonies become possible. Ceremonies were held earlier this week in Northern Ireland and Scotland. ](/news/2005/12/21/musician-elton-john-and-canadian-filmmaker-david-furnish-are-joined-in-a-civil-partnership-ceremony-at-windsor-town-hall-the-couple-are-am.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Scotland_
10. [Archaeologists discover a cache of Roman Britain-era artefacts, including weapons, at an ancient Roman cavalry barracks near Hadrian's Wall in northern England. Archaeologists liken the discovery to winning the lottery. ](/news/2017/09/9/archaeologists-discover-a-cache-of-roman-britain-era-artefacts-including-weapons-at-an-ancient-roman-cavalry-barracks-near-hadrian-s-wall.md) _Context: northern England_
