### [2016-12-20](/news/2016/12/20/index.md)

# The People's Republic of China returns a United States unmanned underwater drone that it seized in the South China Sea last week. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/12/20/politics/china-drone-return/index.html)

### Related:

1. [The People's Republic of China lodges a complaint with the United States after President-elect of the United States Donald Trump speaks with President of Taiwan Tsai Ing-wen. The PRC and the United States view Taiwan as a breakaway province. ](/news/2016/12/3/the-people-s-republic-of-china-lodges-a-complaint-with-the-united-states-after-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-speaks-with.md) _Context: American, China-United States relations, Chinese_
2. [The Chinese Defense Ministry says it is in talks with the United States about returning an underwater drone taken Thursday from the South China Sea. The Pentagon says the drone, used for gathering weather and temperature data, is not armed. ](/news/2016/12/17/the-chinese-defense-ministry-says-it-is-in-talks-with-the-united-states-about-returning-an-underwater-drone-taken-thursday-from-the-south-ch.md) _Context: American, China-United States relations, South China Sea_
3. [The President of Taiwan Ma Ying-jeou visits Taiping Island, Taiwan's largest island in the South China Sea, despite the United States warning it could provoke diplomatic tensions with the People's Republic of China and other nations in the area. ](/news/2016/01/28/the-president-of-taiwan-ma-ying-jeou-visits-taiping-island-taiwan-s-largest-island-in-the-south-china-sea-despite-the-united-states-warnin.md) _Context: American, Chinese, South China Sea_
4. [In a  Peking University speech in Beijing, US Pacific Command commander, Admiral Harry Harris, says the U.S. Navy's freedom-of-navigation patrols in the South China Sea are routine operations intended to demonstrate respect for international law principles. Harris reiterated they should not be construed as a threat to any country while emphasizing  America's common ground with China. ](/news/2015/11/3/in-a-peking-university-speech-in-beijing-us-pacific-command-commander-admiral-harry-harris-says-the-u-s-navyas-freedom-of-navigation.md) _Context: American, China-United States relations, South China Sea_
5. [As a result of talks between U.S. Chief of Naval Operations Admiral John Richardson and Chinese Commander of the People's Liberation Army Navy Admiral Wu Shengli about a U.S. warship's transit with 12 nautical miles of China's man-made islands in the South China Sea, the United States and China agree to maintain dialogue and follow Code for Unplanned Encounters at Sea protocols, according to a U.S. official. ](/news/2015/10/29/as-a-result-of-talks-between-u-s-chief-of-naval-operations-admiral-john-richardson-and-chinese-commander-of-the-people-s-liberation-army-na.md) _Context: American, China-United States relations, South China Sea_
6. [A United States Navy ship, the USS ''Lassen'', sails near the Spratly Islands, challenging Beijing's claim that the islands are Chinese territory. China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs strongly condemned the actions of the United States in the South China Sea, saying "China will firmly react to this deliberate provocation". ](/news/2015/10/27/a-united-states-navy-ship-the-uss-lassen-sails-near-the-spratly-islands-challenging-beijing-s-claim-that-the-islands-are-chinese-terr.md) _Context: American, China-United States relations, South China Sea_
7. [ The United States government claims five Chinese ships "harass[ed]" the USNS ''Impeccable'' in the South China Sea. ](/news/2009/03/9/the-united-states-government-claims-five-chinese-ships-harass-ed-the-usns-impeccable-in-the-south-china-sea.md) _Context: American, Chinese, South China Sea_
8. [United States President-elect Donald Trump holds a telephone conversation with Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen, the first known contact between a U.S. president or president-elect with a Taiwanese leader since the United States recognized the People's Republic of China in 1979. ](/news/2016/12/2/united-states-president-elect-donald-trump-holds-a-telephone-conversation-with-taiwanese-president-tsai-ing-wen-the-first-known-contact-bet.md) _Context: American, Chinese_
9. [China's People's Liberation Army Navy seizes an underwater drone deployed by USNS ''Bowditch'' in the South China Sea; the United States files a formal diplomatic protest and a demand for its return. ](/news/2016/12/16/china-s-people-s-liberation-army-navy-seizes-an-underwater-drone-deployed-by-usns-bowditch-in-the-south-china-sea-the-united-states-fil.md) _Context: China-United States relations, South China Sea_
10. [President-elect Donald Trump says he sees no reason why the U.S. should continue to abide by the One China policy unless a bargain is reached with Beijing involving trade. ](/news/2016/12/12/president-elect-donald-trump-says-he-sees-no-reason-why-the-u-s-should-continue-to-abide-by-the-one-china-policy-unless-a-bargain-is-reache.md) _Context: American, China-United States relations_
