### [2016-12-20](/news/2016/12/20/index.md)

# The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility via Amaq News Agency for the truck attack in Berlin, Germany, which left at least 12 people dead and 49 injured. 

So-called Islamic State says one of its militants carried out the deadly Berlin lorry attack.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-38385961)

### Related:

1. [Twelve are killed and more than 50 others are injured as a truck rams into a packed Christmas market in Breitscheidplatz, Berlin, Germany. A suspect has been arrested in connection with the attack. ](/news/2016/12/19/twelve-are-killed-and-more-than-50-others-are-injured-as-a-truck-rams-into-a-packed-christmas-market-in-breitscheidplatz-berlin-germany-a.md) _Context: Berlin, Germany, last week's attack on a Christmas market in Berlin_
2. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: Amaq News Agency, ISIL_
3. [German officials offer a reward of up to 100,000 euros ($104,000) for 24-year-old Tunisian asylum-seeker Anis Amri, whose identifying information was found in the truck used in the attack. ](/news/2016/12/21/german-officials-offer-a-reward-of-up-to-100-000-euros-104-000-for-24-year-old-tunisian-asylum-seeker-anis-amri-whose-identifying-inform.md) _Context: Germany, last week's attack on a Christmas market in Berlin_
4. [The SOHR and Amaq announce that ISIL has captured an oil field north-west of Palmyra. ](/news/2016/12/10/the-sohr-and-amaq-announce-that-isil-has-captured-an-oil-field-north-west-of-palmyra.md) _Context: Amaq News Agency, ISIL_
5. [Voters head to the polls in Berlin, Germany, to elect members to the Abgeordnetenhaus of Berlin. Latest polling indicates the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD) are expected to make strong gains. ](/news/2016/09/18/voters-head-to-the-polls-in-berlin-germany-to-elect-members-to-the-abgeordnetenhaus-of-berlin-latest-polling-indicates-the-anti-immigrati.md) _Context: Berlin, Germany_
6. [Amaq News Agency claims ISIL is responsible for shooting down a Syrian Air Force fighter jet over Deir ez-Zor. The London-based SOHR says the MiG pilot was killed. ](/news/2016/09/18/amaq-news-agency-claims-isil-is-responsible-for-shooting-down-a-syrian-air-force-fighter-jet-over-deir-ez-zor-the-london-based-sohr-says-th.md) _Context: Amaq News Agency, ISIL_
7. [The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant says its official spokesman, Abu Mohammad al-Adnani, has been killed in Syria's Aleppo Governorate. The group's statement, distributed by Amaq News Agency, did not say how al-Adnani was killed. ](/news/2016/08/30/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-says-its-official-spokesman-abu-mohammad-al-adnani-has-been-killed-in-syria-s-aleppo-governorate.md) _Context: Amaq News Agency, ISIL_
8. [Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-berlin-to-discuss-the-consequences-of-the-united-kin.md) _Context: Berlin, Germany_
9. [During a rally in support of German comedian Jan Bohmermann, outside the Turkish embassy in Berlin, Bruno Kramm, head of the Berlin branch of Germany's Pirate Party, is arrested for "insulting a representative of a foreign state" by quoting a line from the comic's satirical poem about Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. ](/news/2016/04/23/during-a-rally-in-support-of-german-comedian-jan-baphmermann-outside-the-turkish-embassy-in-berlin-bruno-kramm-head-of-the-berlin-branch.md) _Context: Berlin, Germany_
10. [German police arrest two Algerian men suspected of having links to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and planning terror attacks in the country. One of the men detained, reported to be aged 35, had been living in a refugee shelter in the town of Attendorn, east of Cologne. Police say "investigations show that he has been trained militarily in Syria". ](/news/2016/02/4/german-police-arrest-two-algerian-men-suspected-of-having-links-to-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-and-planning-terror-attacks-in-t.md) _Context: Germany, ISIL_
