### [2017-06-21](/news/2017/06/21/index.md)

# Politics of Romania: After a short term political crisis, started when the governing PSD retracted its support, the Parliament of Romania passes a no confidence motion against the government led by former PSD Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/E/EU_ROMANIA_POLITICS?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT)

### Related:

1. [Romanian President Klaus Iohannis designates social-democrat Sorin Grindeanu as the country's new prime minister, after the victory of the centre-left PSD earlier this month. ](/news/2016/12/30/romanian-president-klaus-iohannis-designates-social-democrat-sorin-grindeanu-as-the-country-s-new-prime-minister-after-the-victory-of-the-c.md) _Context: PSD, Prime Minister, Sorin Grindeanu_
2. [2017 Romanian protests: The government of Prime Minister of Romania Sorin Grindeanu survives a no-confidence motion over proposed decriminalisation of certain corruption offences, with 161 MPs voting in favor of the motion, short of the 232 votes needed for it to pass. ](/news/2017/02/8/2017-romanian-protests-the-government-of-prime-minister-of-romania-sorin-grindeanu-survives-a-no-confidence-motion-over-proposed-decriminal.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Sorin Grindeanu_
3. [2017 Romanian protests: Romanian Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu announces that his government will scrap its proposed decree of decriminalizing some graft offenses on Sunday. ](/news/2017/02/4/2017-romanian-protests-romanian-prime-minister-sorin-grindeanu-announces-that-his-government-will-scrap-its-proposed-decree-of-decriminaliz.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Sorin Grindeanu_
4. [Romanian legislative election, 2016: Romania's centre-left Social Democratic Party won 45% of the seats in both houses of parliament in Sunday's election, and with the expected participation of the liberal centre-right Alliance of Liberals and Democrats Party in the coalition government, will hold an outright majority of 250 seats in the 465-seat assembly. ](/news/2016/12/15/romanian-legislative-election-2016-romania-s-centre-left-social-democratic-party-won-45-of-the-seats-in-both-houses-of-parliament-in-sund.md) _Context: PSD, Parliament of Romania_
5. [Romanian legislative election, 2016: Being forced into opposition a year earlier, by the resignation of Prime Minister Victor Ponta amid the Colectiv nightclub fire tragedy, the Social Democratic Party returns to government following a landslide victory in last Sunday's parliamentary elections. ](/news/2016/12/12/romanian-legislative-election-2016-being-forced-into-opposition-a-year-earlier-by-the-resignation-of-prime-minister-victor-ponta-amid-the.md) _Context: PSD, Prime Minister_
6. [Romanian presidential election, 2014:: More than 18 million Romanians are expected to go to the polls to choose their president in one of the most important elections since the 1989 revolution. "[http://english.hotnews.ro/stiri-top_news-18434801-romania-heads-first-round-presidential-elections-key-moment-for-democracy-and-state-law.htm (HotNews.ro)]" "[http://www.euractiv.com/sections/elections/romanians-elect-new-president-atmosphere-scandal-309682 (EurActiv)]": Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta, from the rulling PSD, and the ethnic German mayor of Sibiu Klaus Iohannis, from the opposition ACL electoral alliance, will face a November 16 runoff, with the incumbent Social democrat premier favored to win. "[http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-29874030 (BBC)]" ](/news/2014/11/2/romanian-presidential-election-2014-more-than-18-million-romanians-are-expected-to-go-to-the-polls-to-choose-their-president-in-one-of-th.md) _Context: PSD, Prime Minister_
7. [After seven months in office and a decisive victory in the elections, Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta and his cabinet receive the vote of confidence from Parliament with 402 votes in favor and 120 against. ](/news/2012/12/21/after-seven-months-in-office-and-a-decisive-victory-in-the-elections-romanian-prime-minister-victor-ponta-and-his-cabinet-receive-the-vote.md) _Context: Parliament of Romania, Prime Minister_
8. [For the second time in post-revolutionary history the government of Romania falls in a no-confidence motion after just over two months following its appointment by the Parliament, while the Czech Republic government survived its confidence by just 12 votes. ](/news/2012/04/27/for-the-second-time-in-post-revolutionary-history-the-government-of-romania-falls-in-a-no-confidence-motion-after-just-over-two-months-follo.md) _Context: Parliament of Romania, no confidence motion_
9. [ Romanian legislative election, 2008: Emil Boc is sworn in as the new Prime Minister and will lead a coalition government of the Democrat Liberals and Social Democrats. ](/news/2008/12/22/romanian-legislative-election-2008-emil-boc-is-sworn-in-as-the-new-prime-minister-and-will-lead-a-coalition-government-of-the-democrat-li.md) _Context: PSD, Prime Minister_
10. [ Romania's Social Democratic Party wins the most votes in both houses of Parliament in the legislative election. ](/news/2008/11/30/romania-s-social-democratic-party-wins-the-most-votes-in-both-houses-of-parliament-in-the-legislative-election.md) _Context: PSD, Parliament of Romania_
