### [2004-11-22](/news/2004/11/22/index.md)

#  2004 Ukrainian presidential election: Ukraine's electoral commission declares Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych the winner. Opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko calls for supporters to protest "the total falsification of the vote". Observers from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) say the run-off vote "did not meet international standards", and the senior U.S. election observer, Senator Richard Lugar, notes a "concerted and forceful program of election day fraud". 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4031981.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6889036)

### Related:

1. [ President Viktor Yushchenko and Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych of Ukraine agree to a compromise, with early parliamentary elections to be held on September 30. ](/news/2007/05/27/president-viktor-yushchenko-and-prime-minister-viktor-yanukovych-of-ukraine-agree-to-a-compromise-with-early-parliamentary-elections-to-be.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Ukraine, Ukraine, Viktor Yanukovych, Viktor Yushchenko_
2. [ Despite earlier reports that Ukraine's Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych and opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko had agreed to hold talks over the country's heavily disputed elections, this now seems unlikely. Protests continue, with an official election result due to be announced at around 1400 UTC. ](/news/2004/11/24/despite-earlier-reports-that-ukraine-s-prime-minister-viktor-yanukovych-and-opposition-leader-viktor-yushchenko-had-agreed-to-hold-talks-ov.md) _Context: Ukraine, Ukrainian presidential election controversy, Viktor Yanukovych, Viktor Yushchenko_
3. [ Ukraine holds the second vote in a run-off presidential election today. Voters will decide between Moscow-oriented Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych and western-leaning reformer Viktor Yushchenko. Observers have expressed concern over possible Russian interference, election abuses, and bias in reporting by the state media. With 74% of vote counted, Yanukovych leads Yushchenko 49-48%. Yushchenko has alleged that massive election fraud has taken place. ](/news/2004/11/21/ukraine-holds-the-second-vote-in-a-run-off-presidential-election-today-voters-will-decide-between-moscow-oriented-prime-minister-viktor-ya.md) _Context: Ukraine, Ukrainian presidential election controversy, Viktor Yanukovych, Viktor Yushchenko_
4. [ Preliminary results of the 2006 Ukrainian parliamentary election give former Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych and his pro-Russian Party of Regions a narrow lead over the Yulia Tymoshenko Electoral Bloc, with President Viktor Yushchenko's Our Ukraine Bloc trailing in third place. ](/news/2006/03/27/preliminary-results-of-the-2006-ukrainian-parliamentary-election-give-former-prime-minister-viktor-yanukovych-and-his-pro-russian-party-of.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Ukraine, Viktor Yanukovych, Viktor Yushchenko_
5. [ Ukraine President Viktor Yushchenko fires Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko and most of his cabinet amid accusations of graft and serious infighting. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/nm/20050908/wl_nm/ukraine_dc (Yahoo! News)] (Link dead as of 00:43, 15 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/09/8/ukraine-president-viktor-yushchenko-fires-prime-minister-yulia-tymoshenko-and-most-of-his-cabinet-amid-accusations-of-graft-and-serious-inf.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Ukraine, Ukraine, Viktor Yushchenko_
6. [ In Ukraine, the Supreme Court dismisses prime minister Viktor Yanukovych's appeal and confirms that Viktor Yushchenko has won the presidential election. ](/news/2005/01/20/in-ukraine-the-supreme-court-dismisses-prime-minister-viktor-yanukovych-s-appeal-and-confirms-that-viktor-yushchenko-has-won-the-president.md) _Context: Ukraine, Viktor Yanukovych, Viktor Yushchenko_
7. [Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk says his country is imposing a moratorium on repayment of a $3 billion debt to Russia following Moscow's refusal to accept repayment terms already offered to other international creditors. This means Ukraine is likely to default on the debt, which is due Sunday. ](/news/2015/12/18/ukrainian-prime-minister-arseniy-yatsenyuk-says-his-country-is-imposing-a-moratorium-on-repayment-of-a-3-billion-debt-to-russia-following-m.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Ukraine, Ukraine_
8. [OSCE observers who are monitoring a ceasefire in eastern Ukraine between the Ukrainian military and pro-Russian rebels, reported the presence of a new Russian weapons system in rebel-held territory this week, the 'TOS-1 Buratino' is a thermobaric multiple rocket launcher system which can destroy several city blocks in one strike and cause indiscriminate damage. Only Russia produces the system and it was not exported to Ukraine before the conflict broke out. ](/news/2015/10/2/osce-observers-who-are-monitoring-a-ceasefire-in-eastern-ukraine-between-the-ukrainian-military-and-pro-russian-rebels-reported-the-presenc.md) _Context: OSCE, Ukraine_
9. [Anti-government protesters in Ukraine end a two-month occupation of Kiev's city hall, following an amnesty offer aimed at easing a standoff over President Viktor Yanukovych's rule. ](/news/2014/02/16/anti-government-protesters-in-ukraine-end-a-two-month-occupation-of-kievas-city-hall-following-an-amnesty-offer-aimed-at-easing-a-standof.md) _Context: Ukraine, Viktor Yanukovych_
10. [Former Prime Minister of Ukraine Yulia Tymoshenko sends a letter of support to Ukrainian protesters after they topple a statue of Lenin. ](/news/2013/12/9/former-prime-minister-of-ukraine-yulia-tymoshenko-sends-a-letter-of-support-to-ukrainian-protesters-after-they-topple-a-statue-of-lenin.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Ukraine, Ukraine_
