### [2004-11-22](/news/2004/11/22/index.md)

#  A Gulfstream II airplane heading to pick up former United States President George H.W. Bush crashes before landing, killing all three people on board, in Houston, Texas. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2004/US/11/22/texas.crash/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ Former U.S. President George H. W. Bush is hospitalized in intensive care at Houston Methodist Hospital for treatment of pneumonia. His wife, Barbara is also hospitalized. ](/news/2017/01/18/former-u-s-president-george-h-w-bush-is-hospitalized-in-intensive-care-at-houston-methodist-hospital-for-treatment-of-pneumonia-his-wif.md) _Context: George H. W. Bush, U.S. President_
2. [U.S. news magazine "Time" selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those-of.md) _Context: George H. W. Bush, U.S. President_
3. [George H. W. Bush is admitted in stable condition to The Methodist Hospital of the Texas Medical Center in Houston, Texas. The 88-year-old served as the 41st President of the United States from 1989 till 1993 and was hospitalized due to a severe cough and bronchitis but is expected to be discharged within 72 hours. ](/news/2012/11/29/george-h-w-bush-is-admitted-in-stable-condition-to-the-methodist-hospital-of-the-texas-medical-center-in-houston-texas-the-88-year-old-s.md) _Context: George H. W. Bush, U.S. President_
4. [ Former US Presidents George H. W. Bush and Bill Clinton toured parts of Thailand that were ravaged by the Asian Tsunami. ""'[Newslink missing]""'](/news/2005/02/19/former-us-presidents-george-h-w-bush-and-bill-clinton-toured-parts-of-thailand-that-were-ravaged-by-the-asian-tsunami-newslink-missi.md) _Context: George H. W. Bush, U.S. President_
5. [President Donald Trump, siding with Democrats, reaches a deal with congressional leaders of both parties to extend the U.S. debt limit and fund the federal government until Dec. 15, as well as provide Harvey disaster relief. ](/news/2017/09/6/president-donald-trump-siding-with-democrats-reaches-a-deal-with-congressional-leaders-of-both-parties-to-extend-the-u-s-debt-limit-and-f.md) _Context: U.S. President_
6. [U.S. President Donald Trump waives the Jones Act for Puerto Rico after he first disallowed additional aid, citing shipping industry business interests. Many voices arguing in favor of amnesty and mass immigration claim the Jones Act makes prices for food, water, and other emergency supplies too high in Puerto Rico. ](/news/2017/09/28/u-s-president-donald-trump-waives-the-jones-act-for-puerto-rico-after-he-first-disallowed-additional-aid-citing-shipping-industry-business.md) _Context: U.S. President_
7. [Amid criticism of U.S. national anthem protests by U.S. President Donald Trump, some National Football League players and teams react to the controversy by kneeling, linking arms, or skipping game performances of the national anthem. ](/news/2017/09/24/amid-criticism-of-u-s-national-anthem-protests-by-u-s-president-donald-trump-some-national-football-league-players-and-teams-react-to-the.md) _Context: U.S. President_
8. [U.S. President Donald Trump announces new sanctions on North Korea over its nuclear weapons program. ](/news/2017/09/21/u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-new-sanctions-on-north-korea-over-its-nuclear-weapons-program.md) _Context: U.S. President_
9. [ California Attorney General Xavier Becerra files suit in federal court against U.S. President Donald Trump's proposed plan for a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border. ](/news/2017/09/20/california-attorney-general-xavier-becerra-files-suit-in-federal-court-against-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-proposed-plan-for-a-wall-along.md) _Context: U.S. President_
10. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pelosi.md) _Context: U.S. President_
