### [2004-11-22](/news/2004/11/22/index.md)

#  Iran's nuclear program: Iran declares that it will suspend its uranium enrichment programme to comply with a European Union-brokered deadline. Iran will review its decision in three months. The EU seeks to have the suspension made permanent and is willing to provide economic and political incentives. 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/4031055.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6889248&section=news)
2. [Cover Image](https://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [ Talks between Iran and three European Union members, France, Germany, and the United Kingdom, on the Iranian nuclear program end without an agreement and no further meetings planned. Iran has offered a six-month suspension of its uranium enrichment program. The European Union seeks an indefinite halt to the program. The issue is expected to be referred to the United Nations Security Council at the November 25 meeting of the International Atomic Energy Agency. ](/news/2004/11/6/talks-between-iran-and-three-european-union-members-france-germany-and-the-united-kingdom-on-the-iranian-nuclear-program-end-without-an.md) _Context: EU, Iran, Iran's nuclear program, uranium enrichment_
2. [ Iran's nuclear program: The European Union rejects a request by Iran to be allowed to continue using uranium enrichment centrifuges. ](/news/2004/11/24/iran-s-nuclear-program-the-european-union-rejects-a-request-by-iran-to-be-allowed-to-continue-using-uranium-enrichment-centrifuges.md) _Context: EU, Iran, Iran's nuclear program, uranium enrichment_
3. [ Iran's nuclear program: Just three days after an agreement with the European Union took effect, Iran prevents the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) from sealing centrifuges at the Natanz enrichment facility. The IAEA begins its meeting to decide whether or not to refer the matter to the United Nations Security Council. ](/news/2004/11/25/iran-s-nuclear-program-just-three-days-after-an-agreement-with-the-european-union-took-effect-iran-prevents-the-international-atomic-ener.md) _Context: EU, Iran, Iran's nuclear program_
4. [ Iran has agreed to curb most of its uranium enrichment with three EU countries, France, Germany and the UK. ](/news/2004/11/14/iran-has-agreed-to-curb-most-of-its-uranium-enrichment-with-three-eu-countries-france-germany-and-the-uk.md) _Context: EU, Iran, uranium enrichment_
5. [ Iran is reportedly concluding a deal with the European Union which would spare it from possible United Nations sanctions over its nuclear arms programme. ](/news/2004/11/12/iran-is-reportedly-concluding-a-deal-with-the-european-union-which-would-spare-it-from-possible-united-nations-sanctions-over-its-nuclear-a.md) _Context: EU, Iran, Iran's nuclear program_
6. [ Iran's nuclear program: The International Atomic Energy Agency delays issuing its report on Iran's nuclear activities as Iran, France, Germany and Britain remain deadlocked in talks aimed at freezing Iran's uranium enrichment program. ](/news/2004/11/11/iran-s-nuclear-program-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-delays-issuing-its-report-on-iran-s-nuclear-activities-as-iran-france-germ.md) _Context: Iran, Iran's nuclear program, uranium enrichment_
7. [ Iran rejects a European Union proposal to provide civilian nuclear technology to Iran in exchange for Iran scrapping its uranium enrichment program, calling for more negotiations. A decision to refer to matter from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) to the United Nations Security Council is expected on November 25, 2004. ](/news/2004/10/24/iran-rejects-a-european-union-proposal-to-provide-civilian-nuclear-technology-to-iran-in-exchange-for-iran-scrapping-its-uranium-enrichment.md) _Context: EU, Iran, uranium enrichment_
8. [ Iran says that it is willing to negotiate with the U.K., Germany, and France regarding a suspension of its uranium enrichment activities, but that it will never renounce its right to enrich uranium. Iran's nuclear program is currently under investigation by the International Atomic Energy Agency. ](/news/2004/10/18/iran-says-that-it-is-willing-to-negotiate-with-the-u-k-germany-and-france-regarding-a-suspension-of-its-uranium-enrichment-activities-b.md) _Context: Iran, Iran's nuclear program, uranium enrichment_
9. [EU Foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini holds the highest-level talks between the EU and Iran in decades to mark a new phase in relations between the two. Both sides are keen to focus on trade, energy and the environment as possible areas of cooperation. ](/news/2016/04/16/eu-foreign-policy-chief-federica-mogherini-holds-the-highest-level-talks-between-the-eu-and-iran-in-decades-to-mark-a-new-phase-in-relations.md) _Context: EU, Iran_
10. [The International Atomic Energy Agency states that Iran has complied with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, paving the way for international sanctions to be lifted by the United States and European Union. ](/news/2016/01/16/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-states-that-iran-has-complied-with-its-commitments-under-the-joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-pavi.md) _Context: EU, Iran_
