### [2008-09-9](/news/2008/09/9/index.md)

#  A Thai court rules that Prime Minister Samak Sundaravej  must be removed from office for receiving payment for appearing on a television cooking show.  




### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5hG71oGl1LokvZphtDQZzL44nzc3QD933CQI80)

### Related:

1. [ The Thai People's Power Party agrees not to renominate ousted Prime Minister of Thailand Samak Sundaravej for the position following objections from the other members of the coalition. ](/news/2008/09/12/the-thai-people-s-power-party-agrees-not-to-renominate-ousted-prime-minister-of-thailand-samak-sundaravej-for-the-position-following-object.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Thailand, Samak Sundaravej, Thailand_
2. [ Thai riot police assemble in Bangkok to disperse a rally led by the People's Alliance for Democracy against the government of the Prime Minister of Thailand Samak Sundaravej. ](/news/2008/05/31/thai-riot-police-assemble-in-bangkok-to-disperse-a-rally-led-by-the-people-s-alliance-for-democracy-against-the-government-of-the-prime-min.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Thailand, Samak Sundaravej, Thailand_
3. [Thai Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha orders officials to improve aviation safety standards after the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) downgraded Thailand's safety ratings. The lower rating is for failure to tackle commercial aviation standards shortcomings found in an audit this year. The European Aviation Safety Agency is due to announce the results of its own audit later in December. ](/news/2015/12/2/thai-prime-minister-prayuth-chan-ocha-orders-officials-to-improve-aviation-safety-standards-after-the-u-s-federal-aviation-administration.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Thailand, Thailand_
4. [Thailand's National Anti-Corruption Commission refers former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra to face impeachment charges in the Senate over a failed rice subsidy scheme. ](/news/2014/05/8/thailand-s-national-anti-corruption-commission-refers-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-to-face-impeachment-charges-in-the-senate-ov.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Thailand, Thailand_
5. [Thousands of protesters fill the streets of Bangkok, Thailand, after lawmakers pass a draft bill for political amnesty which could allow self-exiled Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra to re-enter the country. ](/news/2013/11/5/thousands-of-protesters-fill-the-streets-of-bangkok-thailand-after-lawmakers-pass-a-draft-bill-for-political-amnesty-which-could-allow-sel.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Thailand, Thailand_
6. [2013 Thai protests:As anti-government protests in Thailand continue to spread beyond the capital Bangkok, the parliament discusses a no-confidence motion against the Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra. ](/news/2013/11/27/2013-thai-protests-pas-anti-government-protests-in-thailand-continue-to-spread-beyond-the-capital-bangkok-the-parliament-discusses-a-no-con.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Thailand, Thailand_
7. [Royal Thai Police use tear gas against thousands of protesters calling for the overthrow of the Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra, in Bangkok, Thailand. At least 61 people are injured. ](/news/2012/11/24/royal-thai-police-use-tear-gas-against-thousands-of-protesters-calling-for-the-overthrow-of-the-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-in-bang.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Thailand, Thailand_
8. [Flooding in Thailand reaches the residence of the Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra in Bangkok, forcing her to withdraw from the Hawaii APEC summit to deal with the crisis. ](/news/2011/11/8/flooding-in-thailand-reaches-the-residence-of-the-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-in-bangkok-forcing-her-to-withdraw-from-the-hawaii-ape.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Thailand, Thailand_
9. [The Prime Minister of Thailand, Yingluck Shinawatra, reassures residents that the capital, Bangkok, will largely escape from major flooding over the weekend. An estimated 289 people have been killed by flooding in Thailand since July 2011. ](/news/2011/10/14/the-prime-minister-of-thailand-yingluck-shinawatra-reassures-residents-that-the-capital-bangkok-will-largely-escape-from-major-flooding.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Thailand, Thailand_
10. [Thai general election:Abhisit Vejjajiva, the outgoing Prime Minister of Thailand, resigns as the leader of the Democrat Party following a heavy defeat in yesterday's general election. ](/news/2011/07/4/thai-general-election-pabhisit-vejjajiva-the-outgoing-prime-minister-of-thailand-resigns-as-the-leader-of-the-democrat-party-following-a-h.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Thailand, Thailand_
