### [2017-07-1](/news/2017/07/1/index.md)

# Freedom of speech in the Philippines: President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte threatens the "Philippine Daily Inquirer" with an expose. The newspaper has been a long-time ally of the politically prominent Aquino family (ever since the 1986 EDSA People Power Revolution), as well as the minority opposition Liberal Party (of which the Vice President of the Philippines Leni Robredo is its prominent member); both have been consistent in their criticisms of the Duterty presidency and its policies since its inauguration in 2016. 




### Source:

1. [Rappler](http://www.rappler.com/nation/174445-duterte-prieto-inquirer-mile-long)

### Related:

1. [Presidential transition of Rodrigo Duterte: Rodrigo Duterte is inaugurated as President of the Philippines and Leni Robredo as Vice President. ](/news/2016/06/30/presidential-transition-of-rodrigo-duterte-rodrigo-duterte-is-inaugurated-as-president-of-the-philippines-and-leni-robredo-as-vice-presiden.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, Vice President of the Philippines_
2. [ Philippine presidential election, 2016: The Congress of the Philippines proclaims Rodrigo Duterte and Leni Robredo as President-elect and Vice President-elect of the Philippines, respectively. ](/news/2016/05/30/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-congress-of-the-philippines-proclaims-rodrigo-duterte-and-leni-robredo-as-president-elect-and-v.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, Vice President of the Philippines_
3. [Philippine presidential election, 2016: Rodrigo Duterte is officially elected as President and Leni Robredo as Vice President. ](/news/2016/05/27/philippine-presidential-election-2016-rodrigo-duterte-is-officially-elected-as-president-and-leni-robredo-as-vice-president.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, Vice President of the Philippines_
4. [Presidency of Rodrigo Duterte: President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte makes another lengthy absence from any public appearance after missing the Independence Day celebrations earlier in June. Rumors about his health continue to circulate within the minority although government officials deny any issues. ](/news/2017/06/26/presidency-of-rodrigo-duterte-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-makes-another-lengthy-absence-from-any-public-appearance-after-m.md) _Context: Duterty presidency, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
5. [The cabinet of Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte investigates an email leak that allegedly indicates the involvement of the vice president Leni Robredo in attempts to overthrow Duterte. ](/news/2017/01/9/the-cabinet-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-investigates-an-email-leak-that-allegedly-indicates-the-involvement-of-the-vice-presiden.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
6. [Philippine Drug War: Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte accuses the opposition Liberal Party of trying to oust him and install the current vice president Leni Robredo to the presidency. ](/news/2016/12/7/philippine-drug-war-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-accuses-the-opposition-liberal-party-of-trying-to-oust-him-and-install-the-curren.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Liberal Party, Rodrigo Duterte_
7. [Regions of the Philippines: President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte abolishes the Negros Island Region (first created in 2015 by his predecessor) through Executive Order no. 38, citing lack of funds to fully establish the region. Negros Occidental reverts back to the Western Visayas region, Negros Oriental back to the Central Visayas region. ](/news/2017/08/9/regions-of-the-philippines-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-abolishes-the-negros-island-region-first-created-in-2015-by-his-pr.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
8. [Martial law in the Philippines: The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/martial-law-in-the-philippines-the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-l.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
9. [Philippines-United States relations: History of the Philippines (1898-1946), Philippine-American War: Balangiga massacre: During the annual State of the Nation Address through the Congress of the Philippines, President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte has outright demanded that the United States return the controversial Balangiga bells, taken during one of the campaigns of the Philippine-American War as spoils of war. Previous attempts to recover the bells have all failed so far. ](/news/2017/07/24/philippines-united-states-relations-history-of-the-philippines-1898-1946-philippine-american-war-balangiga-massacre-during-the-a.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
10. [CPP-NPA-NDF rebellion: President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte indefinitely freezes the peace talks with the Communist Party of the Philippines after numerous attacks by the communist rebels on government forces. The President also vowed to re-orient anew the offensive against the Party's armed wing the New People's Army. ](/news/2017/07/21/cpp-npa-ndf-rebellion-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-indefinitely-freezes-the-peace-talks-with-the-communist-party-of-the.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
