### [2017-07-1](/news/2017/07/1/index.md)

# President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte threatens the "Philippine Daily Inquirer" with an expose. The newspaper has been a long-time ally of the politically prominent Aquino family (ever since the 1986 EDSA People Power Revolution), as well as the minority opposition Liberal Party (of which the Vice President of the Philippines Leni Robredo is its prominent member); both have been consistent in their criticisms of the Duterty presidency and its policies since its inauguration in 2016. 




### Source:

1. [Rappler](http://www.rappler.com/nation/174445-duterte-prieto-inquirer-mile-long)
1. [Cover Image](https://assets.rappler.com/92908B1D685845E2BA4F574754A851D3/img/AD319B6AA33649C7912633726AEF751D/duterte-5th-araw-ng-davao-del-sur-july12017-020.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Rodrigo Duterte is inaugurated as President of the Philippines and Leni Robredo as Vice President. ](/news/2016/06/30/rodrigo-duterte-is-inaugurated-as-president-of-the-philippines-and-leni-robredo-as-vice-president.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Philippine President, Rodrigo Duterte, Vice President of the Philippines_
2. [ The Congress of the Philippines proclaims Rodrigo Duterte and Leni Robredo as President-elect and Vice President-elect of the Philippines, respectively. ](/news/2016/05/30/the-congress-of-the-philippines-proclaims-rodrigo-duterte-and-leni-robredo-as-president-elect-and-vice-president-elect-of-the-philippines.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Philippine President, Rodrigo Duterte, Vice President of the Philippines_
3. [Rodrigo Duterte is officially elected as President and Leni Robredo as Vice President. ](/news/2016/05/27/rodrigo-duterte-is-officially-elected-as-president-and-leni-robredo-as-vice-president.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Philippine President, Rodrigo Duterte, Vice President of the Philippines_
4. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte makes another lengthy absence from any public appearance after missing the Independence Day celebrations earlier in June. Rumors about his health continue to circulate within the minority although government officials deny any issues. ](/news/2017/06/26/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-makes-another-lengthy-absence-from-any-public-appearance-after-missing-the-independence-day-cel.md) _Context: Duterty presidency, Philippine President, Rodrigo Duterte_
5. [The cabinet of Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte investigates an email leak that allegedly indicates the involvement of the vice president Leni Robredo in attempts to overthrow Duterte. ](/news/2017/01/9/the-cabinet-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-investigates-an-email-leak-that-allegedly-indicates-the-involvement-of-the-vice-presiden.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Philippine President, Rodrigo Duterte_

### Changes:

1. [Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte threatens the newspaper the ''Philippine Daily Inquirer'' with an expose. ](/news/2017/07/1/philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-the-newspaper-the-philippine-daily-inquirer-with-an-exposa-c.md) _2017-07-01 21:30:06 (First version)_
2. [Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte threatens the ''Philippine Daily Inquirer'' with an expose. ](/news/2017/07/1/philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-the-philippine-daily-inquirer-with-an-exposa-c.md) _2017-07-02 07:30:05 (Update)_
3. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte threatens the ''Philippine Daily Inquirer'' with an expose. The newspaper has been a long-time ally of the politically prominent Aquino family (ever since the 1986 EDSA People Power Revolution), as well as the minority opposition Liberal Party (of which the Vice President of the Philippines Leni Robredo is its prominent member); both have been consistent in their criticisms of the Duterty presidency and its policies since its inauguration in 2016. ](/news/2017/07/1/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-the-philippine-daily-inquirer-with-an-exposa-c-the-newspaper-has-been-a-long-time.md) _2017-08-25 03:48:08 (Update)_
4. [Freedom of speech in the Philippines: President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte threatens the "Philippine Daily Inquirer" with an expose. The newspaper has been a long-time ally of the politically prominent Aquino family (ever since the 1986 EDSA People Power Revolution), as well as the minority opposition Liberal Party (of which the Vice President of the Philippines Leni Robredo is its prominent member); both have been consistent in their criticisms of the Duterty presidency and its policies since its inauguration in 2016. ](/news/2017/07/1/freedom-of-speech-in-the-philippines-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-the-philippine-daily-inquirer-with-an-exposa-c.md) _2017-08-27 03:48:35 (Update)_
4. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte threatens the "Philippine Daily Inquirer" with an expose. The newspaper has been a long-time ally of the politically prominent Aquino family (ever since the 1986 EDSA People Power Revolution), as well as the minority opposition Liberal Party (of which the Vice President of the Philippines Leni Robredo is its prominent member); both have been consistent in their criticisms of the Duterty presidency and its policies since its inauguration in 2016. ](/news/2017/07/1/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-the-philippine-daily-inquirer-with-an-exposa-c-the-newspaper-has-been-a-long-time-a.md) _(Current version)_
