### [2002-10-29](/news/2002/10/29/index.md)

#  The crime novelist Patricia Cornwell announces DNA evidence possibly linking the painter Walter Sickert to one of the many letters claiming to be from the 19th century serial killer Jack the Ripper.




### Related:

1. [Investigations concerning Niels Hogel, a German nurse already convicted for murdering two of his patients, revealed that the number of people killed while in his care is significantly higher, reaching at least 84, with some estimates being even higher. This makes Hogel the serial killer with the highest known victim count in modern German history. ](/news/2017/08/28/investigations-concerning-niels-hapgel-a-german-nurse-already-convicted-for-murdering-two-of-his-patients-revealed-that-the-number-of-peop.md) _Context: serial killer_
2. [Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos. ](/news/2017/08/2/teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece-of-faulty-dna.md) _Context: DNA_
3. [Police in Anchorage, Alaska, confirm that James Dale Ritchie, killed by an Anchorage police officer whom Ritchie had tried to kill in the fall of 2016, was a serial killer who had used the same gun to kill 5 people, apparently at random. Two of the murders were double homicides, with some of the deaths occurring along Anchorage's expansive Tony Knowles Coastal Trail. ](/news/2017/04/26/police-in-anchorage-alaska-confirm-that-james-dale-ritchie-killed-by-an-anchorage-police-officer-whom-ritchie-had-tried-to-kill-in-the-fa.md) _Context: serial killer_
4. [Serial killer Stephen Port is found guilty of four rape-murders. ](/news/2016/11/23/serial-killer-stephen-port-is-found-guilty-of-four-rape-murders.md) _Context: serial killer_
5. [A serial killer who has murdered seven people over a period of several months is on the loose in Phoenix, Arizona. ](/news/2016/07/13/a-serial-killer-who-has-murdered-seven-people-over-a-period-of-several-months-is-on-the-loose-in-phoenix-arizona.md) _Context: serial killer_
6. [Preventive medicine researchers from Harvard University and Northwestern University conduct a study on long-term (13 years; 793 people) pre-cancer changes (mostly leukemia, prostate cancer, lung cancers, and skin cancers) in telomeres, the protective ends of DNA. Some said, in previous short-look studies, that focused mostly on their known role in the pace of regular aging, that they either got shorter or longer. There was a 3-4 year period of accelerated aging, and then it halted a few years before cancer was diagnosed. ](/news/2015/05/3/preventive-medicine-researchers-from-harvard-university-and-northwestern-university-conduct-a-study-on-long-term-13-years-793-people-pre.md) _Context: DNA_
7. [Russian billionaire businessman Alisher Usmanov who bought the 1962 Nobel gold medal of scientist James Watson says that he is donating it back to Watson as a gift because the "discovery of DNA structure must belong to him". ](/news/2014/12/10/russian-billionaire-businessman-alisher-usmanov-who-bought-the-1962-nobel-gold-medal-of-scientist-james-watson-says-that-he-is-donating-it-b.md) _Context: DNA_
8. [Deciding "Maryland v. King", the United States Supreme Court rules that police have the right to collect DNA samples from criminal suspects without their consent. ](/news/2013/06/3/deciding-maryland-v-king-the-united-states-supreme-court-rules-that-police-have-the-right-to-collect-dna-samples-from-criminal-suspects.md) _Context: DNA_
9. [In a study by SUNY Buffalo, it is discovered that "Utricularia gibba", a carnivorous bladderwort plant, has the shortest known DNA sequence of any multicellular plant and that it lacks "junk DNA", sequences of code that do not encode proteins. ](/news/2013/05/12/in-a-study-by-suny-buffalo-it-is-discovered-that-utricularia-gibba-a-carnivorous-bladderwort-plant-has-the-shortest-known-dna-sequence.md) _Context: DNA_
10. [Prosecutors discuss a plea deal (avoidance of the death penalty in exchange for a likely sentence of life in prison without parole) for the surviving Boston bomber, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. Police have taken DNA from Tamerlan Tsarnaev's wife and are exploring the brothers' connection to two deceased Russian extremists. ](/news/2013/04/29/prosecutors-discuss-a-plea-deal-avoidance-of-the-death-penalty-in-exchange-for-a-likely-sentence-of-life-in-prison-without-parole-for-the.md) _Context: DNA_
