### [2015-11-18](/news/2015/11/18/index.md)

# 2015-16 Australian bushfire season: Authorities confirm that bushfires have killed four people, including three German backpackers, in southern Western Australia near the town of Esperance. 

Four people have been killed in out-of-control bushfires on WA&#039;s south coast, local farmers say. Look back at the day&#039;s developments as they happened.


### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-11-18/west-australian-bushfires-live-blog/6950164)

### Related:

1. [2015-16 Australian bushfire season: Emergency warnings are issued after bushfires threaten the Victorian towns of Mount Bolton and Addington northwest of Ballarat as well as the town of Somerville, Victoria, on the Mornington Peninsula. ](/news/2016/02/23/2015-16-australian-bushfire-season-emergency-warnings-are-issued-after-bushfires-threaten-the-victorian-towns-of-mount-bolton-and-addingt.md) _Context: 2015-16 Australian bushfire season, bushfire_
2. [2015-16 Australian bushfire season: Three people are unaccounted for and at least 135 structures are destroyed, including the historic Yarloop Workshops, following a bushfire in the small Western Australian town of Yarloop. Reports coming out of the area suggest the town of Yarloop has been almost completely destroyed with one local official, Murray Cowper, saying, "A big fireball came through and there was no way they were going to stop it. This could well be the end of the town". ](/news/2016/01/8/2015-16-australian-bushfire-season-three-people-are-unaccounted-for-and-at-least-135-structures-are-destroyed-including-the-historic-yar.md) _Context: 2015-16 Australian bushfire season, Western Australia_
3. [2015-16 Australian bushfire season: A bushfire burns out of control near the South Australian town of Wasleys with authorities warning of significant risk to lives and property. Two deaths have been confirmed with another person feared dead. ](/news/2015/11/25/2015-16-australian-bushfire-season-a-bushfire-burns-out-of-control-near-the-south-australian-town-of-wasleys-with-authorities-warning-of.md) _Context: 2015-16 Australian bushfire season, bushfire_
4. [2015-16 Australian bushfire season: Bushfires burning near Esperance on the coast of Western Australia may have killed four people. ](/news/2015/11/17/2015-16-australian-bushfire-season-bushfires-burning-near-esperance-on-the-coast-of-western-australia-may-have-killed-four-people.md) _Context: Esperance, Western Australia_
5. [Bushfires in Perth, Western Australia continue to burn out of control after having destroyed up to 40 homes. ](/news/2011/02/7/bushfires-in-perth-western-australia-continue-to-burn-out-of-control-after-having-destroyed-up-to-40-homes.md) _Context: Western Australia, bushfire_
6. [ Bushfires consume 13,400 hectares (33,000 acres) of land and destroy at least 37 homes near Toodyay, northeast of Perth, Western Australia. ](/news/2009/12/30/bushfires-consume-13-400-hectares-33-000-acres-of-land-and-destroy-at-least-37-homes-near-toodyay-northeast-of-perth-western-australia.md) _Context: Western Australia, bushfire_
7. [The night parrot is confirmed sighted (and photographed) in Western Australia for first time in nearly 100 years. ](/news/2017/03/23/the-night-parrot-is-confirmed-sighted-and-photographed-in-western-australia-for-first-time-in-nearly-100-years.md) _Context: Western Australia_
8. [The High Court of Australia rules that Rod Culleton was ineligible for election as a candidate for Pauline Hanson's One Nation Party in Western Australia in the Federal election and is ineligible to serve in the Senate of Australia. ](/news/2017/02/3/the-high-court-of-australia-rules-that-rod-culleton-was-ineligible-for-election-as-a-candidate-for-pauline-hanson-s-one-nation-party-in-west.md) _Context: Western Australia_
9. [A fragment of the world's oldest ground-edge axe dated at between 45,000 and 49,000 years old is found in the Kimberley region of Western Australia. ](/news/2016/05/11/a-fragment-of-the-world-s-oldest-ground-edge-axe-dated-at-between-45-000-and-49-000-years-old-is-found-in-the-kimberley-region-of-western-au.md) _Context: Western Australia_
10. [2015-16 Australian bushfire season: Two dead bodies have been found in Yarloop, Western Australia, and residents of four towns urged to evacuate in under threat as the Waroona bushfire continues to burn out of control. ](/news/2016/01/9/2015-16-australian-bushfire-season-two-dead-bodies-have-been-found-in-yarloop-western-australia-and-residents-of-four-towns-urged-to-ev.md) _Context: 2015-16 Australian bushfire season_
