### [2015-11-18](/news/2015/11/18/index.md)

# 2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season. Some 25,000 households in Ireland lose power as a result of Storm Barney. 

Some 25,000 households will be without electricity overnight as Storm Barney sweeps across the country.


### Source:

1. [The Independent Ireland](http://www.independent.ie/irish-news/storm-barney-25000-households-to-remain-without-power-overnight-34210263.html)

### Related:

1. [Killing of Patricia O'Connor. The woman whose remains were found scattered along the Military Road in Wicklow, Ireland was named locally today as Patricia O'Connor, a 61 year old from Rathfarnham. A man was arrested in connection with this on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/06/14/killing-of-patricia-o-connor-the-woman-whose-remains-were-found-scattered-along-the-military-road-in-wicklow-ireland-was-named-locally-tod.md) _Context: Ireland_
2. [2016 influenza A virus subtype H5N8 outbreak. Avian flu virus H5N8 outbreaks are reported in birds in India, Germany, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands, and several other European nations. The World Health Organization advised on 17 November that human infection is possible, but unlikely, based on information available. ](/news/2016/11/26/2016-influenza-a-virus-subtype-h5n8-outbreak-avian-flu-virus-h5n8-outbreaks-are-reported-in-birds-in-india-germany-finland-ireland-the.md) _Context: Ireland_
3. [United Ireland. Taoiseach Enda Kenny says that Irish unity must be considered in Brexit talks. ](/news/2016/09/9/united-ireland-taoiseach-enda-kenny-says-that-irish-unity-must-be-considered-in-brexit-talks.md) _Context: Ireland_
4. [The European Union orders Apple to pay up to 13 billion euros in back taxes to Ireland. A three-year investigation by the EU's competition commissioner concludes that Apple received "illegal state aid" from Ireland, the EU order that Apple pay 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion), and, in addition, also interest and unpaid taxes. ](/news/2016/08/30/the-european-union-orders-apple-to-pay-up-to-13-billion-euros-in-back-taxes-to-ireland-a-three-year-investigation-by-the-eu-s-competition-c.md) _Context: Ireland_
5. [2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season. The United Kingdom's Met Office warns of major travel disruption due to heavy rain, flooding and "damaging" high winds as Storm Katie moves in from the Atlantic Ocean bringing winds of up to 75mph. ](/news/2016/03/28/2015-16-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-the-united-kingdom-s-met-office-warns-of-major-travel-disruption-due-to-heavy-rain-flooding-and.md) _Context: 2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season_
6. [Erasmus bus crash. Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/erasmus-bus-crash-thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-fall.md) _Context: Ireland_
7. [The Irish Dail Eireann (parliament) fails to elect a new taoiseach (Prime Minister) with incumbent Enda Kenny carrying on as a caretaker. ](/news/2016/03/10/the-irish-da-il-aireann-parliament-fails-to-elect-a-new-taoiseach-prime-minister-with-incumbent-enda-kenny-carrying-on-as-a-caretaker.md) _Context: Ireland_
8. [2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season. Storm Imogen is set to impact the British Isles with 80mph winds and heavy rain. The United Kingdom's Met Office issues warnings for South West England, particularly the Cornish coast due to large waves, and South Wales. ](/news/2016/02/8/2015-16-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-storm-imogen-is-set-to-impact-the-british-isles-with-80mph-winds-and-heavy-rain-the-united-kingd.md) _Context: 2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season_
9. [2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season. Storm Gertrude impacts the British Isles, with 90mph winds knocking out power lines and causing travel disruption. ](/news/2016/01/29/2015-16-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-storm-gertrude-impacts-the-british-isles-with-90mph-winds-knocking-out-power-lines-and-causing-t.md) _Context: 2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season_
10. [2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season. Storm Desmond. The United Kingdom's Met Office issues two new severe weather warnings for wind and rain covering across much of Scotland and Northern England beginning 6 a.m. Wednesday. ](/news/2015/12/8/2015-16-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-storm-desmond-the-united-kingdom-s-met-office-issues-two-new-severe-weather-warnings-for-wind-an.md) _Context: 2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season_
