### [2015-11-18](/news/2015/11/18/index.md)

# A raid by French police in the Paris suburb of Saint-Denis kills at least two terror suspects, including a female suicide bomber, with eight others arrested. 

SAINT-DENIS, France — A woman blew herself up in a Paris suburb early Wednesday as elite police raided an apartment in the hunt for high-level terror


### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/paris-attack-abdelhamid-abaaoud-suggested-as-the-mastermind-behind-terror-atrocities-killed-a6739556.html)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/11/18/world/paris-attacks/index.html)
3. [Time](http://time.com/4119686/jewish-teacher-stabbed-france/)
4. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/paris-terror-attacks/paris-attacks-2-dead-7-arrested-during-saint-denis-raid-n465331)
5. [AP](http://hosted2.ap.org/APDEFAULT/3d281c11a96b4ad082fe88aa0db04305/Article_2015-11-18-EU--Paris%20Attacks/id-27f5a133efff4c4aa8a238b61d14082a)
6. [The International Business Times](http://www.ibtimes.com/after-paris-attacks-alleged-isis-supporters-stab-jewish-teacher-marseilles-2190887)
7. [France 24](http://www.france24.com/en/breaking/20151118-least-two-suspects-killed-several-arrested-police-raids-outside-paris-judicial-sources-say/?ns_campaign=al_en&ns_mchannel=email_marketing&ns_source=AL_20151118_0914&ns_linkname=20151118_breaking_news&ns_fee=0&f24_member_id=1080960490882)

### Related:

1. [About 20,000 pairs of empty shoes lay around Paris, symbolizing  the absent marchers who would have joined this weekend's worldwide climate change protests pressing for a bold international agreement at the upcoming climate summit there. The capital city was planned to be the center for demonstrations but French police banned large protests following the terrorist attacks this month. ](/news/2015/11/29/about-20-000-pairs-of-empty-shoes-lay-around-paris-symbolizing-the-absent-marchers-who-would-have-joined-this-weekend-s-worldwide-climate.md) _Context: French police, November 2015 Paris Attacks, Paris_
2. [At least one person is killed after a group of armed men took people hostage in the northern French town of Roubaix near the Belgian border. The hostages are thought to be a bank director and his family. French police say the incident may be related to a robbery and not to the November 2015 attacks in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/24/at-least-one-person-is-killed-after-a-group-of-armed-men-took-people-hostage-in-the-northern-french-town-of-roubaix-near-the-belgian-border.md) _Context: French police, November 2015 Paris Attacks, Paris_
3. [The father of  Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While  generally free of liability under U.S. law  which  provides a legal ''safe harbor'' for content posted, this case targets  the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015-paris-massacre-files-suit-i.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks, Paris_
4. [A senior French police commander is killed by a  knife-wielding  25-year-old man outside his home in Magnanville near Paris, France. The attacker, who retreated inside the house, is also killed when elite police commandos storm the residence after negotiations failed.  The commander's partner, a female administrative police official, is found dead inside the home, while a young boy is rescued physically unharmed. The Islamic State, via its Amaq News Agency, claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/06/13/a-senior-french-police-commander-is-killed-by-a-knife-wielding-25-year-old-man-outside-his-home-in-magnanville-near-paris-france-the-att.md) _Context: French police, Paris_
5. [Three people arrested yesterday in connection with last year's attacks in Paris are released without charge. ](/news/2016/04/13/three-people-arrested-yesterday-in-connection-with-last-year-s-attacks-in-paris-are-released-without-charge.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks, Paris_
6. [French police shoot dead a knife-wielding man, who was shouting "Allahu Akbar", outside a police station in Goutte d'Or, located in the 18th arrondissement of Paris. A piece of paper with an Islamic State flag and claim for the attack written in Arabic was found on his body. The incident is noted for taking place on the anniversary of last year's ''Charlie Hebdo'' shooting. ](/news/2016/01/7/french-police-shoot-dead-a-knife-wielding-man-who-was-shouting-allahu-akbar-outside-a-police-station-in-goutte-d-or-located-in-the-18th.md) _Context: French police, Paris_
7. [A man linked to the Paris attacks  is arrested in Mohammedia, Morocco. ](/news/2016/01/18/a-man-linked-to-the-paris-attacks-is-arrested-in-mohammedia-morocco.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks, Paris_
8. [Russian warships launch cruise missiles from the Caspian Sea against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant positions in Syria's eastern Deir ez-Zor. Russian Defense Minister, Sergey Shoigu, reported over 600 terrorists were killed in the strikes. Video footage also emerged of Russian ground crew servicemen writing the words "For Paris" on bombs to be dropped on ISIL targets in a show of solidarity with France in the wake of the November 13 terror attacks that left 130 people dead in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/20/russian-warships-launch-cruise-missiles-from-the-caspian-sea-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-positions-in-syria-s-eastern-deir.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks, Paris_
9. [Two Air France flights bound for Paris from the United States are diverted for several hours on following anonymous bomb threats. ](/news/2015/11/17/two-air-france-flights-bound-for-paris-from-the-united-states-are-diverted-for-several-hours-on-following-anonymous-bomb-threats.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks, Paris_
10. [More than half of the state governors in the United States reject accepting asylum seekers from Syria after the attacks in Paris. All except one of them are Republicans. ](/news/2015/11/17/more-than-half-of-the-state-governors-in-the-united-states-reject-accepting-asylum-seekers-from-syria-after-the-attacks-in-paris-all-except.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks, Paris_
