### [2015-11-18](/news/2015/11/18/index.md)

# Airport workers at seven of the busiest U.S. hubs plan to strike tonight and Thursday over wages and what they allege are threats against unionizing. The Service Employees International Union (SEIU) says some 2,000 plane cleaners, baggage handlers, and other workers will strike at New York City's Kennedy and LaGuardia airports, as well as Newark Liberty, Chicago O'Hare, Boston, Philadelphia, and Fort Lauderdale. 

Airport workers at seven of thebusiest U.S. hubs plan to strike on Wednesday night and Thursdayover what they say are bad wages and threats against unionizing.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/2015/11/19/usa-airport-strike-idINL1N13D2R020151119)
2. [The Philly Voice](http://www.phillyvoice.com/some-us-airport-workers-to-strike-wednesday-night-/)

### Related:

1. [Two men bound for Somalia to join an Islamic extremist group with links to Al-Qaeda are arrested at Kennedy International Airport, New York City, United States. ](/news/2010/06/6/two-men-bound-for-somalia-to-join-an-islamic-extremist-group-with-links-to-al-qaeda-are-arrested-at-kennedy-international-airport-new-york.md) _Context: New York, United States_
2. [Police search for a mystery man who goes missing after sparking a security alert at Newark Liberty International Airport in the United States, causing the airport to be completely locked down. ](/news/2010/01/4/police-search-for-a-mystery-man-who-goes-missing-after-sparking-a-security-alert-at-newark-liberty-international-airport-in-the-united-state.md) _Context: Newark Liberty International Airport, United States_
3. [ Continental Flight 61, a Boeing 777 containing 247 passengers flying from Brussels, Belgium, to Newark, New Jersey, United States, lands safely at Newark Liberty International Airport, after the 61-year-old pilot died mid-flight.  ](/news/2009/06/18/continental-flight-61-a-boeing-777-containing-247-passengers-flying-from-brussels-belgium-to-newark-new-jersey-united-states-lands-sa.md) _Context: Newark Liberty International Airport, United States_
4. [The election between Democrat Jon Ossoff and Republican Karen Handel to replace the seat vacated by Tom Price becomes the most expensive congressional race in United States history. ](/news/2017/05/9/the-election-between-democrat-jon-ossoff-and-republican-karen-handel-to-replace-the-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-becomes-the-most-expensive-con.md) _Context: United States_
5. [Puerto Rico files for the largest "local government" bankruptcy in the United States. ](/news/2017/05/3/puerto-rico-files-for-the-largest-local-government-bankruptcy-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: United States_
6. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: United States_
7. [Newark Liberty International Airport in northern New Jersey is closed for almost two hours after flames are spotted coming from a United Airlines Boeing 757 jet engine. All 124 passengers and seven crew members safely evacuate the plane. ](/news/2017/05/23/newark-liberty-international-airport-in-northern-new-jersey-is-closed-for-almost-two-hours-after-flames-are-spotted-coming-from-a-united-air.md) _Context: Newark Liberty International Airport_
8. [The temporary protected status of Haitians living in the United States is extended for six months. ](/news/2017/05/22/the-temporary-protected-status-of-haitians-living-in-the-united-states-is-extended-for-six-months.md) _Context: United States_
9. ["My Family's Slave"A controversial piece written in ''The Atlantic'' magazine about the Filipino servant caste and the Filipino American family involved in it triggers a debate in both the Philippines and the United States. ](/news/2017/05/22/my-family-s-slave-pa-controversial-piece-written-in-the-atlantic-magazine-about-the-filipino-servant-caste-and-the-filipino-american-fa.md) _Context: United States_
10. [2017 clashes at the Turkish Embassy in Washington, D.C. Turkey summons United States Ambassador John R. Bass to protest alleged "aggressive and unprofessional actions" by American security personnel against Turkish bodyguards, calling for the United States to conduct a full investigation on the May 17 clashes.  The American ambassador told Turkey's government that its guards violated U.S. laws. Last week, the U.S. summoned Turkish  Ambassador Serdar Kilic to discuss about Turkish security officers hitting and kicking peaceful protesters outside the Turkish ambassador's residence in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2017/05/22/2017-clashes-at-the-turkish-embassy-in-washington-d-c-pturkey-summons-united-states-ambassador-john-r-bass-to-protest-alleged-aggressive.md) _Context: United States_
