### [2015-11-18](/news/2015/11/18/index.md)

# Police in the Democratic Republic of the Congo fire teargas at students protesting increases in school fees in the capital Kinshasa. The students had started throwing stones. 

The students were protesting against a feared increase in school fees -- the latest sign of unrest ahead of a tense election season.


### Source:

1. [ENCA](http://www.enca.com/africa/congo-police-fire-teargas-protesting-students)

### Related:

1. [Bundu dia Kongo followers free their leader and 50 other inmates with an attack on the Makala jail of Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2017/05/17/bundu-dia-kongo-followers-free-their-leader-and-50-other-inmates-with-an-attack-on-the-makala-jail-of-kinshasa-democratic-republic-of-the-c.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kinshasa_
2. [A day after street violence in the Democratic Republic of the Congo between protesters opposed to President Joseph Kabila and security forces left at least 44 dead, armed men in military uniforms burn down the headquarters of the main opposition Union for Democracy and Social Progress (UDPS) in Kinshasa, DR Congo, killing at least two people. ](/news/2016/09/20/a-day-after-street-violence-in-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-between-protesters-opposed-to-president-joseph-kabila-and-security-force.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kinshasa_
3. [A Democratic Republic of the Congo protest calling for the resignation of President Joseph Kabila turns violent in Kinshasa, leaving at least 17 people dead, including three police officers. Opposition groups say that 50 people died. ](/news/2016/09/19/a-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-protest-calling-for-the-resignation-of-president-joseph-kabila-turns-violent-in-kinshasa-leaving-at-leas.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kinshasa_
4. [Human Rights Watch claims that police in the Democratic Republic of the Congo's capital Kinshasa had killed at least 51 people in extrajudicial killings in a crackdown on kuluna gangs last November. ](/news/2014/11/18/human-rights-watch-claims-that-police-in-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-s-capital-kinshasa-had-killed-at-least-51-people-in-extrajudic.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kinshasa_
5. [Security is increased in the Congolese capital Kinshasa prior to the announcement of results from presidential and parliamentary elections. ](/news/2011/12/8/security-is-increased-in-the-congolese-capital-kinshasa-prior-to-the-announcement-of-results-from-presidential-and-parliamentary-elections.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kinshasa_
6. [The party of Democratic Republic of the Congo politician tienne Tshisekedi says he has been placed under house arrest in Kinshasa since he claimed to have won the presidential election earlier this year. ](/news/2011/12/30/the-party-of-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-politician-etienne-tshisekedi-says-he-has-been-placed-under-house-arrest-in-kinshasa-since-he.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kinshasa_
7. [A US$600 million project to revamp the Democratic Republic of the Congo's colonial-era railway system is launched in the capital Kinshasa, primarily funded by the World Bank and China. ](/news/2011/05/12/a-us-600-million-project-to-revamp-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-s-colonial-era-railway-system-is-launched-in-the-capital-kinshasa-p.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kinshasa_
8. [The Democratic Republic of the Congo recalls its ambassador to the Republic of Congo in connection with a raid on President Joseph Kabila's home in Kinshasa. ](/news/2011/03/25/the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-recalls-its-ambassador-to-the-republic-of-congo-in-connection-with-a-raid-on-president-joseph-kabila-s.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kinshasa_
9. [ As many as 129 are feared dead after a door opens on a plane flying from Kinshasa to Lubumbashi, Democratic Republic of the Congo. The victims were sucked from the plane, which returned to Kinshasa after the incident. Although the airline to which the plane belongs to is unknown, the plane involved in the tragedy has a logo of Ukrainian Cargo Airlines.](/news/2003/05/9/as-many-as-129-are-feared-dead-after-a-door-opens-on-a-plane-flying-from-kinshasa-to-lubumbashi-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-the-vict.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Kinshasa_
10. [A landslide in a village along Lake Albert in the Democratic Republic of the Congo leaves at least 60 dead. ](/news/2017/08/16/a-landslide-in-a-village-along-lake-albert-in-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-leaves-at-least-60-dead.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo_
