### [2015-11-18](/news/2015/11/18/index.md)

# The Obama Administration through the U.S. Treasury Department will clamp down further on corporate income tax-avoiding inversion deals by U.S. companies with foreign rivals. There is a pending inversion deal between U.S. drug maker Pfizer Inc. and smaller Irish competitor Allergan, Plc. 

The U.S. Treasury Department will clamp down further this week on corporate income tax-avoiding &quot;inversion&quot; deals by U.S. companies with foreign rivals, according to a letter seen by Reuters on Wednesday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/18/us-usa-tax-inversions-idUSKCN0T732U20151118?feedType=RSS&feedName=newsOne&google_editors_picks=true#QHUKoyyLUB0FkI0Q.97)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. Treasury Department announces new regulations to curb tax-avoiding corporate inversions, i.e., where U.S. companies slash their tax bills by claiming a new tax home overseas, though their core operations and management remain in the United States. The pending $160 billion merger of Pfizer Inc. and Allergan, Plc could be cancelled because of these new rules. ](/news/2016/04/4/the-u-s-treasury-department-announces-new-regulations-to-curb-tax-avoiding-corporate-inversions-i-e-where-u-s-companies-slash-their-tax.md) _Context: Allergan, Plc, Pfizer, United States Department of the Treasury, corporate tax inversions_
2. [Pfizer Inc. decides to terminate its $160 billion merger with Allergan, Plc as officials in Washington crack down on corporate inversions. Pfizer will need to pay a $400 million fee to Allergan for expenses relating to the deal. ](/news/2016/04/5/pfizer-inc-decides-to-terminate-its-160-billion-merger-with-allergan-plc-as-officials-in-washington-crack-down-on-corporate-inversions-p.md) _Context: Allergan, Plc, Pfizer, corporate tax inversions_
3. [The Obama administration's Treasury Department, in a move against corporate tax inversions, enacts regulations to combat a key tax-reduction technique known as earnings stripping. ](/news/2016/10/13/the-obama-administration-s-treasury-department-in-a-move-against-corporate-tax-inversions-enacts-regulations-to-combat-a-key-tax-reduction.md) _Context: United States Department of the Treasury, corporate tax inversions_
4. [American pharmaceutical companies Pfizer and Allergan, Plc announce plans to merge to form the world's largest drug company. The merger is subject to approval from regulators in the U.S., European Union and elsewhere as well as approval by shareholders of both companies. If approved, the deal will reduce tax revenue paid to the U.S. by approximately $930 million.  ](/news/2015/11/23/american-pharmaceutical-companies-pfizer-and-allergan-plc-announce-plans-to-merge-to-form-the-world-s-largest-drug-company-the-merger-is-s.md) _Context: Allergan, Plc, Pfizer_
5. [The woman whose remains were found scattered along the Military Road in Wicklow, Ireland was named locally today as Patricia O'Connor, a 61 year old from Rathfarnham. A man was arrested in connection with this on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/06/14/the-woman-whose-remains-were-found-scattered-along-the-military-road-in-wicklow-ireland-was-named-locally-today-as-patricia-o-connor-a-61.md) _Context: Ireland_
6. [Because of a nationwide shortage of  intravenous sodium bicarbonate (i.e., baking soda solution), United States hospitals are  rationing its use in  heart surgery, chemotherapy, for patients whose blood is too acidic, and  as an antidote to certain poisons. The two primary producers, Amphastar and Pfizer, indicate that supplies will not increase until late June. ](/news/2017/05/22/because-of-a-nationwide-shortage-of-intravenous-sodium-bicarbonate-i-e-baking-soda-solution-united-states-hospitals-are-rationing-its.md) _Context: Pfizer_
7. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Obama Administration_
8. [The United States Department of the Treasury announces new sanctions against Iran in response to the latter's recent ballistic missile test. Thirteen people and twelve entities with ties to Iran have been affected. ](/news/2017/02/3/the-united-states-department-of-the-treasury-announces-new-sanctions-against-iran-in-response-to-the-latter-s-recent-ballistic-missile-test.md) _Context: United States Department of the Treasury_
9. [The United States Department of the Treasury eases some sanctions on the Federal Security Service (FSB), allowing for limited transactions with the intelligence agency. The sanctions were put in place last year by Barack Obama over alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election. ](/news/2017/02/2/the-united-states-department-of-the-treasury-eases-some-sanctions-on-the-federal-security-service-fsb-allowing-for-limited-transactions-w.md) _Context: United States Department of the Treasury_
10. [Avian flu virus H5N8 outbreaks are reported in birds in India, Germany, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands, and  several other European nations. The World Health Organization advised on 17 November that human infection is possible, but unlikely, based on information available. ](/news/2016/11/26/avian-flu-virus-h5n8-outbreaks-are-reported-in-birds-in-india-germany-finland-ireland-the-netherlands-and-several-other-european-natio.md) _Context: Ireland_
