### [2012-04-21](/news/2012/04/21/index.md)

# In Major League Baseball, Philip Humber of the Chicago White Sox pitches a perfect game against the Seattle Mariners. It is the 21st perfect game in MLB history and the third in team history. 




### Source:

1. [MLB.com](http://mlb.mlb.com/mlb/gameday/index.jsp?gid=2012_04_21_chamlb_seamlb_1&mode=recap&c_id=cws)

### Related:

1. [ In Major League Baseball, Washington Nationals pitcher Max Scherzer, one strike away from a perfect game, loses his bid when he hits the Pittsburgh Pirates' Jose Tabata with a pitch. Scherzer retires the next batter to complete a 6-0 win and a no-hitter. ](/news/2015/06/20/in-major-league-baseball-washington-nationals-pitcher-max-scherzer-one-strike-away-from-a-perfect-game-loses-his-bid-when-he-hits-the-pi.md) _Context: Major League Baseball, perfect game_
2. [Dallas Braden of the Oakland Athletics throws the 19th perfect game in Major League Baseball history in a 4-0 win over the Tampa Bay Rays. ](/news/2010/05/9/dallas-braden-of-the-oakland-athletics-throws-the-19th-perfect-game-in-major-league-baseball-history-in-a-4-0-win-over-the-tampa-bay-rays.md) _Context: Major League Baseball, perfect game_
3. [Roy Halladay pitches the 20th perfect game in Major League Baseball history in the Philadelphia Phillies' 1-0 win over the Florida Marlins. ](/news/2010/05/29/roy-halladay-pitches-the-20th-perfect-game-in-major-league-baseball-history-in-the-philadelphia-phillies-1a0-win-over-the-florida-marlins.md) _Context: Major League Baseball, perfect game_
4. [ Chicago White Sox pitcher Mark Buehrle completes a perfect game against the Tampa Bay Rays. ](/news/2009/07/23/chicago-white-sox-pitcher-mark-buehrle-completes-a-perfect-game-against-the-tampa-bay-rays.md) _Context: Chicago White Sox, perfect game_
5. [ In American Major League Baseball, the Chicago Cubs defeat the Cleveland Indians 8-7 in 10 innings, winning the Series 4-3 and claiming their first MLB title since 1908. The Cubs' Ben Zobrist is named series MVP. Cubs win game 7 and the title in the early hours of November 3rd, 2016. ](/news/2016/11/2/in-american-major-league-baseball-the-chicago-cubs-defeat-the-cleveland-indians-8a7-in-10-innings-winning-the-series-4a3-and-claiming.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
6. [ In baseball, the Miami Marlins' Ichiro Suzuki becomes the 30th Major League Baseball player with 3,000 career hits, reaching the milestone with a seventh-inning triple against the Colorado Rockies. ](/news/2016/08/7/in-baseball-the-miami-marlins-ichiro-suzuki-becomes-the-30th-major-league-baseball-player-with-3-000-career-hits-reaching-the-milestone.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
7. [In baseball, Ichiro Suzuki reaches a combined total of career hits of 4,257 spanning Major League Baseball and Nippon Professional Baseball. It passes Pete Rose's career total encompassing Major League Baseball only of 4,256 but the MLB is considered to be a higher quality competition. ](/news/2016/06/15/in-baseball-ichiro-suzuki-reaches-a-combined-total-of-career-hits-of-4-257-spanning-major-league-baseball-and-nippon-professional-baseball.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
8. [Major League Baseball Commissioner Rob Manfred says the decision whether the Miami Marlins and Pittsburgh Pirates two-game series scheduled for later this month will be moved from Puerto Rico  because of concerns about the Zika virus, will be announced Monday "at the latest." ](/news/2016/05/5/major-league-baseball-commissioner-rob-manfred-says-the-decision-whether-the-miami-marlins-and-pittsburgh-pirates-two-game-series-scheduled.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
9. [MLB announces the Tampa Bay Rays professional baseball team will play an exhibition game with the Cuban National Team on March 22, 2016, in Havana. United States President Barack Obama, who is scheduled to visit the island nation then, is expected to attend. ](/news/2016/03/1/mlb-announces-the-tampa-bay-rays-professional-baseball-team-will-play-an-exhibition-game-with-the-cuban-national-team-on-march-22-2016-in.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
10. [ In Major League Baseball, Ken Griffey Jr. and Mike Piazza are elected to the Hall of Fame by the Baseball Writers' Association of America. Griffey was named on all but three of the 440 ballots received, surpassing Tom Seaver for the highest voting percentage in Hall history. Griffey and Piazza will be formally inducted on July 24. ](/news/2016/01/6/in-major-league-baseball-ken-griffey-jr-and-mike-piazza-are-elected-to-the-hall-of-fame-by-the-baseball-writers-association-of-america.md) _Context: Major League Baseball_
