### [2009-08-6](/news/2009/08/6/index.md)

#  Argentina, Brazil and Bolivia express concerns whilst Peru supports a planned accord by Colombian President Alvaro Uribe to allow United States troops to use several bases. Venezuela announces trade measures against Colombia. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/8186767.stm)

### Related:

1. [Spain requests an explanation from Venezuela concerning allegations that it helped terrorist groups Euskadi Ta Askatasuna and FARC plot to kill Colombian President Alvaro Uribe and other Colombian personalities in Spanish soil. ](/news/2010/03/1/spain-requests-an-explanation-from-venezuela-concerning-allegations-that-it-helped-terrorist-groups-euskadi-ta-askatasuna-and-farc-plot-to-k.md) _Context: Alvaro Uribe, Colombia, Colombian President, Venezuela_
2. [Colombian President Alvaro Uribe and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez almost come to blows at the Rio Group summit in Playa del Carmen, Mexico, with Uribe taunting Chavez "Be a man! ... you're a coward face-to-face! Stay and argue face-to-face!" and Chavez responding with a simple "Go to Hell!" ](/news/2010/02/22/colombian-president-alvaro-uribe-and-venezuelan-president-hugo-cha-vez-almost-come-to-blows-at-the-rio-group-summit-in-playa-del-carmen-me.md) _Context: Alvaro Uribe, Colombia, Colombian President, Venezuela_
3. [ Colombia extradites 14 former paramilitary leaders, including Salvatore Mancuso, Rodrigo Tovar Pupo, and Diego Murillo Bejarano, to the United States where they have been charged with drug trafficking. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/7398332.stm (BBC News)] President of Colombia lvaro Uribe says that the assets of warlords will be confiscated to compensate victims.date=October 2012 ](/news/2008/05/13/colombia-extradites-14-former-paramilitary-leaders-including-salvatore-mancuso-rodrigo-tovar-pupo-and-diego-murillo-bejarano-to-the-uni.md) _Context: Alvaro Uribe, Colombia, Colombian President, United States_
4. [Colombian government and FARC representatives meet in Havana, and President Juan Manuel Santos will meet with presidential predecessors Alvaro Uribe, the accord opposition leader, and Andres Pastrana Arango, to continue negotiations to end the 52-year war that has killed around a quarter of a million people. ](/news/2016/10/4/colombian-government-and-farc-representatives-meet-in-havana-and-president-juan-manuel-santos-will-meet-with-presidential-predecessors-alv.md) _Context: Alvaro Uribe, Colombia, Colombian President_
5. [Two former Colombian ministers Sabas Pretelt and Diego Palacio are sentenced to six years in prison for corruption in bribing lawmakers to support the 2006 re-election bid of former President Alvaro Uribe. ](/news/2015/04/15/two-former-colombian-ministers-sabas-pretelt-and-diego-palacio-are-sentenced-to-six-years-in-prison-for-corruption-in-bribing-lawmakers-to-s.md) _Context: Alvaro Uribe, Colombia, Colombian President_
6. [President of Venezuela Hugo Chvez welcomes President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos to Caracas. ](/news/2010/11/2/president-of-venezuela-hugo-chavez-welcomes-president-of-colombia-juan-manuel-santos-to-caracas.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian President, Venezuela_
7. [President of Venezuela Hugo Chavez announces that he has agreed to meet President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos tomorrow for talks to end strained relations between the two countries. ](/news/2010/08/9/president-of-venezuela-hugo-cha-vez-announces-that-he-has-agreed-to-meet-president-of-colombia-juan-manuel-santos-tomorrow-for-talks-to-end.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian President, Venezuela_
8. [Venezuela and Colombia re-establish diplomatic relations after a meeting between recently inaugurated President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez in Santa Marta, Colombia, mediated by UNASUR Secretary General Nestor Kirchner. ](/news/2010/08/11/venezuela-and-colombia-re-establish-diplomatic-relations-after-a-meeting-between-recently-inaugurated-president-of-colombia-juan-manuel-sant.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian President, Venezuela_
9. [The United States defends its decision to appoint as Venezuelan ambassador Larry Palmer, who has expressed negative views of the country in the past, including insinuating that it has ties with Colombian rebels. ](/news/2010/08/10/the-united-states-defends-its-decision-to-appoint-as-venezuelan-ambassador-larry-palmer-who-has-expressed-negative-views-of-the-country-in.md) _Context: Colombia, United States, Venezuela_
10. [Venezuela extradites Colombian Carlos Alberto Renteria to the United States: the US claims he is a major drug cartel leader. ](/news/2010/07/14/venezuela-extradites-colombian-carlos-alberto-renteria-to-the-united-states-the-us-claims-he-is-a-major-drug-cartel-leader.md) _Context: Colombia, United States, Venezuela_
