### [2009-08-6](/news/2009/08/6/index.md)

#  Brazil returns 1.500 tonnes of syringes, condoms and dirty nappies which were sent from the United Kingdom. 

Brazil announced it was returning 1.500 tonnes of hazardous waste that arrived from Britain labelled as recyclable plastic. The Brazilian Institute of Environment and Renewable Natural Resources said 89 containers left for Felixstowe, UK from the port of Santos on board MSC Oriane.


### Source:

1. [MercoPress](http://en.mercopress.com/2009/08/06/hazardous-waste-illegally-sent-to-brazil-returned-to-uk)

### Related:

1. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood. ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: Brazil, Britain_
2. [Brazil surpasses the United Kingdom to become the world's sixth-largest economy. ](/news/2011/12/26/brazil-surpasses-the-united-kingdom-to-become-the-world-s-sixth-largest-economy.md) _Context: Brazil, Britain_
3. [Argentina, Brazil and Uruguay agree to close their ports to ships flying the flag of the Falkland Islands at a Mercosur meeting; Argentina and the United Kingdom both claim the islands. ](/news/2011/12/21/argentina-brazil-and-uruguay-agree-to-close-their-ports-to-ships-flying-the-flag-of-the-falkland-islands-at-a-mercosur-meeting-argentina-a.md) _Context: Brazil, Britain_
4. [ Brazil demands the return of over 1,400 tonnes of hazardous British waste. ](/news/2009/07/18/brazil-demands-the-return-of-over-1-400-tonnes-of-hazardous-british-waste.md) _Context: Brazil, Britain_
5. [ Brazil complains of 64 containers with over 1,400 tonnes of British used condoms, syringes and rotting nappies located in three of the country's ports. ](/news/2009/07/17/brazil-complains-of-64-containers-with-over-1-400-tonnes-of-british-used-condoms-syringes-and-rotting-nappies-located-in-three-of-the-coun.md) _Context: Brazil, Britain_
6. [ Live Earth gets underway with concerts in Australia, the United States, Germany, South Africa, the United Kingdom, Brazil, Japan and China. ](/news/2007/07/7/live-earth-gets-underway-with-concerts-in-australia-the-united-states-germany-south-africa-the-united-kingdom-brazil-japan-and-china.md) _Context: Brazil, Britain_
7. [ British "Shoot to Kill" Police Policy:: The British Police member who shot an innocent Brazilian man seven times in the head and once in the shoulder has been given a free holiday, paid for by Scotland Yard.[http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/4720979.stm (BBC)]: Sir Ian Blair, Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police has told Channel 4 news that on seven separate occasions British police have come close to killing suspected Suicide Bombers who it transpired were not Suicide Bombers. [http://www.timesonline.co.uk/article/0,,22989-1710202,00.html (The Times)], [http://news.ft.com/cms/s/764f2716-fe3c-11d9-a289-00000e2511c8.html (Financial Times)]](/news/2005/07/27/british-shoot-to-kill-police-policy-the-british-police-member-who-shot-an-innocent-brazilian-man-seven-times-in-the-head-and-once-in-th.md) _Context: Brazil, Britain_
8. [Environment of Brazil: Brazilian President Michel Temer abolishes the 46,000 sq km National Reserve of Copper and Associates (Renca) ecological reserve, which spans the borders of Amapa and Para states in northern Brazil. More than 20 domestic and multinational firms have expressed an interest in accessing the area's deposits of gold, copper, tantalum, iron ore, nickel and manganese. ](/news/2017/08/25/environment-of-brazil-brazilian-president-michel-temer-abolishes-the-46-000-sq-km-national-reserve-of-copper-and-associates-renca-ecologi.md) _Context: Brazil_
9. [Maritime incidents in 2017: The passenger ship "Comandante Ribeiro" sinks in the Xingu River near Porto de Moz, Brazil, with the loss of at least ten lives.](/news/2017/08/22/maritime-incidents-in-2017-the-passenger-ship-comandante-ribeiro-sinks-in-the-xingu-river-near-porto-de-moz-brazil-with-the-loss-of-at.md) _Context: Brazil_
10. [Politics of Nigeria: Nigerian state television reports that President Muhammadu Buhari is back in the country after a three-month sick leave in Britain. ](/news/2017/08/19/politics-of-nigeria-nigerian-state-television-reports-that-president-muhammadu-buhari-is-back-in-the-country-after-a-three-month-sick-leave.md) _Context: Britain_
