### [2009-08-6](/news/2009/08/6/index.md)

#  News Corp. announces its intent to start charging online customers for news content across all its websites, including "The Times", "The Sun", "The Wall Street Journal", "New York Post" and "Herald Sun". 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/business/8186701.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/paiddealsAtoms/idUS96313172220090806)
3. [The New Zealand Herald](http://www.nzherald.co.nz/technology/news/article.cfm?c_id=5&objectid=10589130&ref=rss)

### Related:

1. ["The Wall Street Journal" reports that the board of News Corporation has agreed to split the company into two businesses for publishing and entertainment. ](/news/2012/06/28/the-wall-street-journal-reports-that-the-board-of-news-corporation-has-agreed-to-split-the-company-into-two-businesses-for-publishing-and.md) _Context: News Corporation, The Wall Street Journal_
2. [ Australia: The Australian Broadcasting Corporation rushed to air its interview with former Labor Party Opposition leader Mark Latham after fending off legal challenges from News Corporation, publishers of "The Australian" and the "Herald Sun". ](/news/2005/09/15/australia-the-australian-broadcasting-corporation-rushed-to-air-its-interview-with-former-labor-party-opposition-leader-mark-latham-after.md) _Context: Herald Sun, News Corporation_
3. [Presidency of Donald Trump. The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents- Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House-s actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/presidency-of-donald-trump-the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-h.md) _Context: The Wall Street Journal_
4. [The Armenian-American community responds with outrage after the "The Wall Street Journal" publishes an ad denying the Armenian Genocide. ](/news/2016/04/28/the-armenian-american-community-responds-with-outrage-after-the-the-wall-street-journal-publishes-an-ad-denying-the-armenian-genocide.md) _Context: The Wall Street Journal_
5. [The "New York Post", a daily newspaper controlled by media magnate Rupert Murdoch, makes a u-turn and endorses Donald Trump for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/04/15/the-new-york-post-a-daily-newspaper-controlled-by-media-magnate-rupert-murdoch-makes-a-u-turn-and-endorses-donald-trump-for-president-of.md) _Context: New York Post_
6. [Netflix acknowledges it's been slowing its video transmission on wireless mobile carriers around the world, including Verizon and AT&T, for five years to "protect consumers from exceeding mobile data caps." Last week, these carriers were accused of this. The company told "The Wall Street Journal" that T-Mobile or Sprint users weren't affected because, "historically those two companies have had more consumer-friendly policies." In May, Netflix plans to shift some of that control to viewers themselves. ](/news/2016/03/25/netflix-acknowledges-it-s-been-slowing-its-video-transmission-on-wireless-mobile-carriers-around-the-world-including-verizon-and-at-t-for.md) _Context: The Wall Street Journal_
7. [2015 Russian Sukhoi Su-24 shootdown. Russia-Turkey relations. A day after Turkey's president Recep Tayyip Erdogan had harsh words for Russia, Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu, in an essay in the London "Times", says the downing of the Russian jet, "was not -- and is not -- an act against a specific country. ... While the measures to defend our territory will remain in place, Turkey will work with Russia and our allies to calm tensions." ](/news/2015/11/28/2015-russian-sukhoi-su-24-shootdown-russia-turkey-relations-a-day-after-turkey-s-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-had-harsh-words-for-rus.md) _Context: Times_
8. [Greek government-debt crisis. A new study shows Greece's six-year austerity program is even affecting prostitution. Gregory Laxos, a sociology professor at the Panteion University in Athens, told the "Times of London" the going rate for sex with a prostitute was 50 euros ($53) when the economic crisis began. Now, it-s fallen to as low as two euros ($2.12) for a 30-minute session, or to a cheese pie, a sandwich because they are hungry. ](/news/2015/11/27/greek-government-debt-crisis-a-new-study-shows-greece-s-six-year-austerity-program-is-even-affecting-prostitution-gregory-laxos-a-sociolo.md) _Context: Times_
9. ["The Wall Street Journal" reports that the FBI and SEC have launched an insider trading investigation involving billionaire investor Carl Icahn, Las Vegas gambler and investor Billy Walters, and golf superstar Phil Mickelson. No wrongdoing has yet been alleged. ](/news/2014/05/30/the-wall-street-journal-reports-that-the-fbi-and-sec-have-launched-an-insider-trading-investigation-involving-billionaire-investor-carl-ic.md) _Context: The Wall Street Journal_
10. [News Corporation agrees to pay $139 million to American shareholders due to the phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2013/04/22/news-corporation-agrees-to-pay-139-million-to-american-shareholders-due-to-the-phone-hacking-scandal.md) _Context: News Corporation_
