### [2009-08-6](/news/2009/08/6/index.md)

#  President Jacob Zuma names Sandile Ngcobo as Chief Justice of South Africa. 

Will Judge Sandile Ngcobo be chief justice for just two years before giving way, perhaps to controversial Western Cape Judge President John Hlophe?


### Source:

1. [IOL](http://www.int.iol.co.za/index.php?set_id=1&click_id=13&art_id=nw20090806142534531C121683)
2. [Mail & Guardian](http://www.mg.co.za/article/2009-08-07-ngcobo-is-chief-justice-but-for-how-long)

### Related:

1. [ South African opposition parties call on President Jacob Zuma to withdraw Sandile Ngcobo as Chief Justice because he failed to consult the opposition and Judicial Service Committee. ](/news/2009/08/9/south-african-opposition-parties-call-on-president-jacob-zuma-to-withdraw-sandile-ngcobo-as-chief-justice-because-he-failed-to-consult-the.md) _Context: Chief Justice, Jacob Zuma, President, Sandile Ngcobo_
2. [ The leaders of three South African opposition parties urge President Jacob Zuma to withdraw his statement on the nomination of Sandile Ngcobo to replace outgoing Chief Justice Pius Langa, calling it "unconstitutional". ](/news/2009/08/7/the-leaders-of-three-south-african-opposition-parties-urge-president-jacob-zuma-to-withdraw-his-statement-on-the-nomination-of-sandile-ngco.md) _Context: Chief Justice, Jacob Zuma, President, Sandile Ngcobo_
3. [ In an open letter four South African opposition leaders accuse President Jacob Zuma of abuse of power after his naming of Sandile Ngcobo as Chief Justice. The office of President Jacob Zuma responds by saying there was "nothing unconstitutional" in Zuma's action. ](/news/2009/08/10/in-an-open-letter-four-south-african-opposition-leaders-accuse-president-jacob-zuma-of-abuse-of-power-after-his-naming-of-sandile-ngcobo-as.md) _Context: Chief Justice, Jacob Zuma, President, Sandile Ngcobo_
4. [Corruption in South Africa. President Jacob Zuma survives his eighth no-confidence motion in parliament via a 198-177 secret ballot vote with nine abstentions. The rand fell by 1 percent on the announcement of the outcome. ](/news/2017/08/8/corruption-in-south-africa-president-jacob-zuma-survives-his-eighth-no-confidence-motion-in-parliament-via-a-198-177-secret-ballot-vote-w.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President_
5. [Corruption in South Africa. The Speaker of the National Assembly of South Africa, Baleka Mbete, announces that a vote of no confidence in President Jacob Zuma will be held by secret ballot. The vote, to be held on 8 August 2017, will be the eighth vote of no confidence against the president and the first by secret ballot. ](/news/2017/08/7/corruption-in-south-africa-the-speaker-of-the-national-assembly-of-south-africa-baleka-mbete-announces-that-a-vote-of-no-confidence-in-pr.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President_
6. [President of South Africa Jacob Zuma fires finance minister Pravin Gordhan amid a major cabinet reshuffle. The South African rand plunges. ](/news/2017/03/31/president-of-south-africa-jacob-zuma-fires-finance-minister-pravin-gordhan-amid-a-major-cabinet-reshuffle-the-south-african-rand-plunges.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President_
7. [Following a South African Constitutional Court order, the National Treasury reports President Jacob Zuma should pay back $500,000, the public funds spent upgrading his private residence. ](/news/2016/06/28/following-a-south-african-constitutional-court-order-the-national-treasury-reports-president-jacob-zuma-should-pay-back-500-000-the-publi.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President_
8. [The South African Parliament debates a minority motion to impeach President Jacob Zuma following last week's Constitutional Court judgment that Zuma had violated the constitution in a spending scandal involving the president's private home. The African National Congress has a 249 - 151 majority, making this motion's chance of gaining a two-thirds majority unlikely. ](/news/2016/04/5/the-south-african-parliament-debates-a-minority-motion-to-impeach-president-jacob-zuma-following-last-week-s-constitutional-court-judgment-t.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President_
9. [The Parliament of South Africa announces it will debate a motion to impeach President Jacob Zuma this coming Tuesday. This comes after Zuma is facing mounting pressure when the Constitutional Court ruled that Zuma violated the constitution by using state funds to renovate his mansion. Yesterday, anti-apartheid veteran Ahmed Kathrada joined opposition leaders in calling for Zuma's resignation. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-parliament-of-south-africa-announces-it-will-debate-a-motion-to-impeach-president-jacob-zuma-this-coming-tuesday-this-comes-after-zuma.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President_
10. [A court in South Africa rules that the decision in 2009 to drop over 750 corruption charges against President Jacob Zuma was irrational and called for a review of them. However, the court ruling does not automatically reinstate the charges against Zuma as a legal team must be set up to decide on whether to charge him or not. ](/news/2016/04/29/a-court-in-south-africa-rules-that-the-decision-in-2009-to-drop-over-750-corruption-charges-against-president-jacob-zuma-was-irrational-and.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President_
