### [2015-07-25](/news/2015/07/25/index.md)

# Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: The Saudi-led military coalition announces that a 5-day humanitarian ceasefire has been agreed to, set to begin just before midnight Sunday. 

A Saudi-led military coalition announced a five-day humanitarian cease-fire in Yemen, where it has been carrying out a campaign of airstrikes against the country’s Iran-backed Houthi rebels since March.


### Source:

1. [Wall Street Journal](http://www.wsj.com/articles/saudi-led-coalition-declares-five-day-humanitarian-truce-in-yemen-1437838074)

### Related:

1. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: Human rights activists accuse forces led by Saudi Arabia and the UAE of kidnapping and torturing people during the Yemeni conflict. ](/news/2017/06/9/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-human-rights-activists-accuse-forces-led-by-saudi-arabia-and-the-uae-of-kidnapping-and-torturing-pe.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen_
2. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: A helicopter from the Saudi-led coalition bombs a vehicle outside Aden International Airport, wounding at least three Yemeni soldiers. ](/news/2017/02/12/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-a-helicopter-from-the-saudi-led-coalition-bombs-a-vehicle-outsid.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen_
3. [Saudi Arabia-United States relations: Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): The United States is to limit military support to Saudi Arabia's military intervention in Yemen amid concerns over rising civilian casualties. ](/news/2016/12/13/saudi-arabia-united-states-relations-yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-the-united-states-is-to-limit-military-support-to-saudi-arabia-s.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen_
4. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: The Saudi-led coalition announces a 48 hour ceasefire in Yemen from noon. ](/news/2016/11/19/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-the-saudi-led-coalition-announces-a-48-hour-ceasefire-in-yemen-f.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen_
5. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: Two prisons in Al Hudaydah, Yemen, are bombed by Saudi Arabian jets, leaving at least 60 dead. ](/news/2016/10/29/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-two-prisons-in-al-hudaydah-yemen-are-bombed-by-saudi-arabian-jets-leaving-at-least-60-dead.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen_
6. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: Saudi Arabia accepts the finding of the Joint Incidents Assessment Team, a setup of coalition states to investigate complaints against coalitions conduct in Decisive Storm, that the October 8 coalition-s bombardment at a funeral ceremony in Sana'a, in which over 140 people were killed and more than 600 injured, was based on wrong information. ](/news/2016/10/15/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-saudi-arabia-accepts-the-finding-of-the-joint-incidents-assessment-team-a-setup-of-coalition-state.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen_
7. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: The death toll from a Saudi-led Arab coalition airstrike which hit a house in a residential area in western Yemen has risen to 26 people. ](/news/2016/09/22/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-the-death-toll-from-a-saudi-led-arab-coalition-airstrike-which-hit-a-house-in-a-residential-area-in.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen_
8. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: At least 14 people are killed after Saudi-led coalition airstrikes hit a food factory in Yemen's capital Sana'a. The airstrikes come just days after the suspension of inconclusive peace talks in Kuwait. ](/news/2016/08/9/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-at-least-14-people-are-killed-after-saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-hit-a-food-factory-in-yemen-s-ca.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen_
9. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: A Saudi-led coalition spokesman announces they have exchanged prisoners with their Houthi opponents and "welcome a pause in the combat on the border." Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said the lull was important to deliver aid and medical supplies to people in northern regions of Yemen. Yesterday, a Houthi delegation was in Saudi Arabia for talks to end the war. Al-Jubeir and his Yemeni counterpart noted formal negotiations to end the fighting can only take place under the auspices of the United Nations. ](/news/2016/03/9/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-a-saudi-led-coalition-spokesman-announces-they-have-exchanged-prisoners-with-their-houthi-opponents.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen_
10. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: A Saudi coalition says it's traded 109 Yemeni prisoners for nine captive Saudis. ](/news/2016/03/28/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-a-saudi-coalition-says-it-s-traded-109-yemeni-prisoners-for-nine-captive-saudis.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen_
