### [2013-09-24](/news/2013/09/24/index.md)

# The Parliament of Cambodia votes for Hun Sen to continue as Prime Minister despite an opposition boycott. 

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News America](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/cambodias-parliament-votes-hun-sen-prime-minister-opposition-20352177)

### Related:

1. [Cambodia-Laos relations. According to Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen, 30 Laotian soldiers cross the border into Steung Treng Province despite repeated requests for them to leave. Hun Sen gives Laos a six-day ultimatum to withdraw the soldiers or face a military response. ](/news/2017/08/11/cambodia-laos-relations-according-to-cambodian-prime-minister-hun-sen-30-laotian-soldiers-cross-the-border-into-steung-treng-province-de.md) _Context: Cambodian Prime Minister, Hun Sen_
2. [Cambodian communal elections, 2017. Voters cast ballots to select representatives for rural and urban Cambodian precincts from, nationwide, 94,595 candidates for 11,572 council seats. Voter turnout was 85.74 percent with few reports of irregularities. According to early results, the opposition makes significant gains against the ruling party of Prime Minister Hun Sen. ](/news/2017/06/4/cambodian-communal-elections-2017-voters-cast-ballots-to-select-representatives-for-rural-and-urban-cambodian-precincts-from-nationwide.md) _Context: Cambodian Prime Minister, Hun Sen_
3. [The Parliament of Cambodia plans to strip political immunity for opposition politician Thak Lany of the Cambodia National Rescue Party alliance after she criticized Prime Minister Hun Sen. ](/news/2016/09/1/the-parliament-of-cambodia-plans-to-strip-political-immunity-for-opposition-politician-thak-lany-of-the-cambodia-national-rescue-party-allia.md) _Context: Hun Sen, Parliament_
4. [Kem Ley, a popular Cambodian political commentator and frequent critic of Prime Minister Hun Sen, is shot dead at a gas station in Phnom Penh. ](/news/2016/07/10/kem-ley-a-popular-cambodian-political-commentator-and-frequent-critic-of-prime-minister-hun-sen-is-shot-dead-at-a-gas-station-in-phnom-pen.md) _Context: Cambodian Prime Minister, Hun Sen_
5. [Cambodian opposition leader Sam Rainsy delays his return home from South Korea as tension comes to a head between his supporters and those of Prime Minister Hun Sen. Friday, a Cambodian court issued an arrest warrant related to an old defamation case for which Sam had already received a royal pardon. Today, Parliament stripped him of immunity protection. ](/news/2015/11/16/cambodian-opposition-leader-sam-rainsy-delays-his-return-home-from-south-korea-as-tension-comes-to-a-head-between-his-supporters-and-those-o.md) _Context: Cambodian Prime Minister, Hun Sen_
6. [Voters in Cambodia go to the polls for a general election with the governing Cambodian People's Party led by Prime Minister Hun Sen claiming victory amidst opposition claims of widespread irregularities. ](/news/2013/07/28/voters-in-cambodia-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-the-governing-cambodian-people-s-party-led-by-prime-minister-hun-sen-claiming.md) _Context: Cambodian Prime Minister, Hun Sen_
7. [Hun Sen, the Prime Minister of Cambodia and Abhisit Vejjajiva, the Prime Minister of Thailand, meet during an ASEAN summit meeting in Jakarta to try to resolve an ongoing territorial dispute, but fail. ](/news/2011/05/8/hun-sen-the-prime-minister-of-cambodia-and-abhisit-vejjajiva-the-prime-minister-of-thailand-meet-during-an-asean-summit-meeting-in-jakart.md) _Context: Cambodian Prime Minister, Hun Sen_
8. [Cambodian prime minister Hun Sen says that he will continue his campaign against protests from the Cambodian opposition while Kem Sokha of the Cambodian National Rescue Party vows to remain as their leader. ](/news/2016/09/19/cambodian-prime-minister-hun-sen-says-that-he-will-continue-his-campaign-against-protests-from-the-cambodian-opposition-while-kem-sokha-of-t.md) _Context: Hun Sen_
9. [Opposition leader Sam Rainsy criticizes Cambodian autocrat Hun Sen for trying to split up the Cambodian National Rescue Party, the second largest party in parliament. ](/news/2016/07/25/opposition-leader-sam-rainsy-criticizes-cambodian-autocrat-hun-sen-for-trying-to-split-up-the-cambodian-national-rescue-party-the-second-la.md) _Context: Hun Sen_
10. [Thousands of people in Cambodia attend the funeral of Kem Ley, a critic of the perceived corrupt and authoritarian rule of Hun Sen, who has been in power since 1985. ](/news/2016/07/24/thousands-of-people-in-cambodia-attend-the-funeral-of-kem-ley-a-critic-of-the-perceived-corrupt-and-authoritarian-rule-of-hun-sen-who-has.md) _Context: Hun Sen_
