### [2010-06-21](/news/2010/06/21/index.md)

# "The Washington Post" reports that Gizab villagers in Afghanistan overturned their local Taliban movement during April, with some members putting down their weapons and being welcomed back into their local community. The United States did not hear of this before now as it happened in a remote part of the country ignored by the military. 




### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/06/20/AR2010062003479.html?hpid=topnews)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): According to the Afghan Interior Ministry, Mullah Abdul Salam Akhund, a senior Taliban commander, is killed in a U.S. airstrike in Kunduz Province. ](/news/2017/02/27/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-according-to-the-afghan-interior-ministry-mullah-abdul-salam-akhund-a-senior-taliban-commander-is-ki.md) _Context: Taliban, United States_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): The United States sends more troops to Afghanistan's southern Helmand province to shore up security forces who are facing sustained attacks from the Taliban. ](/news/2016/02/9/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-the-united-states-sends-more-troops-to-afghanistan-s-southern-helmand-province-to-shore-up-security-for.md) _Context: Taliban, United States_
3. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): 2015 Bagram suicide bombing: A suicide-bomb attack on a joint Afghan-U.S. patrol near Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan's Parwan Province, kills at least six U.S. soldiers and wounds another six. The Taliban's spokesman, Zabiullah Mujahid, claims responsibility for the attack in a message on Twitter. ](/news/2015/12/21/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-2015-bagram-suicide-bombing-a-suicide-bomb-attack-on-a-joint-afghan-u-s-patrol-near-bagram-air-base-i.md) _Context: Taliban, United States_
4. [Kunduz hospital airstrike: Afghanistan War: The United States says that last month's airstrikes in Kunduz hit three locations, mistakenly including the Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) (MSF) hospital where at least 30 were killed. Afghan commanders, whose forces were actively engaged with the Taliban, requested the attacks. "The Washington Post" reports a warehouse and a mansion in two densely populated residential areas were "pulverized" without loss of civilian lives. According to residents, earlier their neighborhoods had been conflict zones, but no militants were there the time of the attacks. "Together, the three attacks raise questions about the quality and reliability of the intelligence that Afghan security forces are providing to their American partners, as well as U.S. decisions to act on that intelligence," writes the Post. ](/news/2015/11/4/kunduz-hospital-airstrike-afghanistan-war-the-united-states-says-that-last-month-s-airstrikes-in-kunduz-hit-three-locations-mistakenly-in.md) _Context: Taliban, Washington Post_
5. [A United Nations investigator calls on the United States to justify its increasing use of drones against al-Qaeda and Taliban targets. ](/news/2012/06/19/a-united-nations-investigator-calls-on-the-united-states-to-justify-its-increasing-use-of-drones-against-al-qaeda-and-taliban-targets.md) _Context: Taliban, United States_
6. [Taliban insurgents attack the United States embassy, NATO headquarters and police buildings in the Afghan capital Kabul. ](/news/2011/09/13/taliban-insurgents-attack-the-united-states-embassy-nato-headquarters-and-police-buildings-in-the-afghan-capital-kabul.md) _Context: Taliban, United States_
7. [A United States missile attack on a militant compound in the village of Essori near Miranshah in the North Waziristan area of Pakistan kills 13 people. ](/news/2010/08/15/a-united-states-missile-attack-on-a-militant-compound-in-the-village-of-essori-near-miranshah-in-the-north-waziristan-area-of-pakistan-kills.md) _Context: Taliban, United States_
8. [A two-year "Top Secret America" investigation by "The Washington Post" concludes that United States intelligence gathering has grown so much since the September 11 attacks that neither its true cost, size nor effectiveness in keeping the country safe is actually known. ](/news/2010/07/19/a-two-year-top-secret-america-investigation-by-the-washington-post-concludes-that-united-states-intelligence-gathering-has-grown-so-much.md) _Context: United States, Washington Post_
9. [The United States investigates itself to see if it is accidentally financing the Taliban in Afghanistan with $4 million per week in U.S. taxpayers' money. ](/news/2010/06/22/the-united-states-investigates-itself-to-see-if-it-is-accidentally-financing-the-taliban-in-afghanistan-with-4-million-per-week-in-u-s-tax.md) _Context: Taliban, United States_
10. [Two retired generals tell "The Washington Post" that, with more than 25 per cent of young Americans being "too fat to fight", obesity is threatening the future of the United States military. ](/news/2010/05/1/two-retired-generals-tell-the-washington-post-that-with-more-than-25-per-cent-of-young-americans-being-too-fat-to-fight-obesity-is-thr.md) _Context: United States, Washington Post_
