### [2012-12-20](/news/2012/12/20/index.md)

# A U.S. soldier who urinated on the corpse of a dead Afghan combatant is sentenced to 30 days in jail after admitting his action at a court martial. Reports suggest he will not be sent to jail because of a plea deal reached with military prosecutors. 

A US Marine is reduced in ranks and forfeits $500 pay after admitting urinating on the body of a dead Afghan combatant.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-20807182)

### Related:

1. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. 2017 North Korean missile tests. U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-2017-north-korean-missile-tests-u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launc.md) _Context: U.S._
2. [U.S. President Barack Obama expands the Papahanaumokuakea Marine National Monument off the coast of Hawai'i, making it the largest national park on the planet. ](/news/2016/08/26/u-s-president-barack-obama-expands-the-papahanaumokuakea-marine-national-monument-off-the-coast-of-hawai-i-making-it-the-largest-nationa.md) _Context: U.S._
3. [War in Afghanistan. David Gilkey, an NPR photojournalist and a 2015 winner of the Edward R. Murrow Award, and Afghan journalist and translator Zabihullah Tamanna are killed when the Afghan army unit they were accompanying comes under fire near Marjah in Helmand Province. ](/news/2016/06/5/war-in-afghanistan-david-gilkey-an-npr-photojournalist-and-a-2015-winner-of-the-edward-r-murrow-award-and-afghan-journalist-and-translat.md) _Context: Afghan_
4. [The President of Russia, Vladimir Putin, warns Romania and Poland against hosting parts of the U.S. missile defense shield. ](/news/2016/05/28/the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-warns-romania-and-poland-against-hosting-parts-of-the-u-s-missile-defense-shield.md) _Context: U.S._
5. [ War in Afghanistan (2015-present). Military intervention against ISIL. U.S. airstrikes in eastern Afghanistan hit an ISIS radio station and kill 29 militants. ](/news/2016/02/2/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-military-intervention-against-isil-u-s-airstrikes-in-eastern-afghanistan-hit-an-isis-radio-station-a.md) _Context: U.S._
6. [Cuba-United States relations. Government officials from Cuba and the U.S. met in Havana, beginning settlement discussions surrounding $1.9 billion worth of U.S. assets seized by Fidel Castro-s regime in the early 1960s. By law, the United States embargo against Cuba cannot cease until settlements are made. [https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/the_americas/in-major-breakthrough-cuba-and-us-discuss-19billion-in-property-claims/2015/12/08/9bc2ced0-9d23-11e5-9ad2-568d814bbf3b_story.html "(Washington Post)"]](/news/2015/12/9/cuba-united-states-relations-government-officials-from-cuba-and-the-u-s-met-in-havana-beginning-settlement-discussions-surrounding-1-9.md) _Context: U.S._
7. [Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter announces that his latest medical tests show he is cancer-free. Carter, 91, announced in August that a melanoma for which he had been treated had returned. ](/news/2015/12/6/former-u-s-president-jimmy-carter-announces-that-his-latest-medical-tests-show-he-is-cancer-free-carter-91-announced-in-august-that-a-me.md) _Context: U.S._
8. [Janet L. Yellen, chairperson of the U.S. Federal Reserve Bank, states that economic conditions improved to the point where a rise in the Fed-s benchmark interest rate is likely when the Federal Open Market Committee meets in mid-December. ](/news/2015/12/2/janet-l-yellen-chairperson-of-the-u-s-federal-reserve-bank-states-that-economic-conditions-improved-to-the-point-where-a-rise-in-the-fed.md) _Context: U.S._
9. [U.S. Border Patrol agents apprehend five Pakistani nationals and one Afghan national trying to sneak into Arizona through the Mexico-U.S. border. ](/news/2015/11/19/u-s-border-patrol-agents-apprehend-five-pakistani-nationals-and-one-afghan-national-trying-to-sneak-into-arizona-through-the-mexico-u-s-bo.md) _Context: Afghan_
10. [Quebec-based Valeant Pharmaceuticals International cut all ties with Philidor Rx Services. This comes in the wake of recent revelations that Valeant was looking to acquire Philidor, a relationship that raised questions from various quarters. Valeant is the subject of U.S. federal investigations. ](/news/2015/10/30/quebec-based-valeant-pharmaceuticals-international-cut-all-ties-with-philidor-rx-services-this-comes-in-the-wake-of-recent-revelations-that.md) _Context: U.S._
