### [2012-12-20](/news/2012/12/20/index.md)

# Syrian civil war:: The United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says there is no prospect of an end to the conflict in Syria. 

UN chief Ban Ki-moon says political settlement is only way to stop violence, and urges UN Security Council to unite.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2012/12/201212206541800325.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: Syria peace talks in Vienna: U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says new talks aimed to help end Syria's war shouldn't be held up by wrangling over whether President Bashar Assad stays or goes. ](/news/2015/10/31/syrian-civil-war-syria-peace-talks-in-vienna-u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-new-talks-aimed-to-help-end-syria-s-war-shouldn-t-be.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Arab Spring:: Syrian uprising: United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says Syria has failed in its obligation to pull its troops out of urban areas, according to a peace plan. ](/news/2012/04/19/arab-spring-syrian-uprising-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-syria-has-failed-in-its-obligation-to-pull-its-troops-out-o.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General, Syria, United Nations_
3. [2011-2012 Syrian uprising:: United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon calls on the Syrian regime to "stop killing its own people". ](/news/2012/01/15/2011-2012-syrian-uprising-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-calls-on-the-syrian-regime-to-stop-killing-its-own-people.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General, Syria, United Nations_
4. [Syrian Civil War: Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian government airstrikes, and rockets from Islamist insurgents, hit many neighborhoods in Aleppo. Fatalities are reported on both sides of the city. This continued fighting threatens the truce and peace talks being held in Geneva, Switzerland. UN envoy Staffan de Mistura says he will meet the government delegation Monday, and will sit down with the main opposition High Negotiations Committee later in the week. ](/news/2016/04/16/syrian-civil-war-syrian-government-airstrikes-and-rockets-from-islamist-insurgents-hit-many-neighborhoods-in-aleppo-fatalities-are-repor.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian peace process: The delegation of the government of Syria rules out starting any direct talks with the opposition delegation as U.N. sponsored peace talks enter a third day in Geneva. ](/news/2016/03/16/syrian-civil-war-syrian-peace-process-the-delegation-of-the-government-of-syria-rules-out-starting-any-direct-talks-with-the-opposition-de.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
7. [Syrian Civil War: Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War: The U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs reports that increased airstrikes by Russia have forced humanitarian assistance organizations to curtail their relief efforts, exacerbating the humanitarian crisis in northern Syria. ](/news/2015/12/15/syrian-civil-war-russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-the-u-n-office-for-the-coordination-of-humanitarian-affairs-report.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
8. [Vienna Conference on Syria: Syrian Civil War: Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/vienna-conference-on-syria-syrian-civil-war-iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-represen.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
9. [Syrian Civil War: The United Nations Security Council unanimously adopts a resolution aimed at identifying those responsible for deploying chlorine and other chemical weapons in attacks in Syria. ](/news/2015/08/7/syrian-civil-war-the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-adopts-a-resolution-aimed-at-identifying-those-responsible-for-deploying-c.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
10. [Syrian Civil War:: The United Nations estimates that three million Syrians live as refugees overseas while another 6.5 million are displaced within Syria. ](/news/2014/08/29/syrian-civil-war-the-united-nations-estimates-that-three-million-syrians-live-as-refugees-overseas-while-another-6-5-million-are-displaced.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
