### [2012-12-20](/news/2012/12/20/index.md)

# The 2012-13 UEFA Europa League Round of 32 and Round of 16 draw is held in Nyon, Switzerland. Europa League title holders Atletico Madrid will play Rubin Kazan while Champions League title holders Chelsea will face Sparta Prague. 

European champions Chelsea FC will begin their UEFA Europa League title bid against AC Sparta Praha after a draw that also pitted FC Zenit St Petersburg against Liverpool FC.


### Source:

1. [UEFA](http://www.uefa.com/uefaeuropaleague/news/newsid=1908281.html)

### Related:

1. [The second legs of the 2012-13 UEFA Europa League round of 32 are held across Europe. Among the football teams eliminated are titleholders Atletico Madrid, Ajax (in the first ever penalty shootout in the knockout phase of the competition) and European giants Liverpool, while both London sides left, Tottenham and Chelsea, advance into the last 16. ](/news/2013/02/21/the-second-legs-of-the-2012a13-uefa-europa-league-round-of-32-are-held-across-europe-among-the-football-teams-eliminated-are-titleholders.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Europa League, Atlético Madrid, Chelsea F.C., quarter-finals, titleholders_
2. [The first legs of the 2012-13 UEFA Europa League quarter-finals are held in Europe. Fernando Torres scores twice and helps Chelsea to a 3-1 defeat of Rubin Kazan. ](/news/2013/04/4/the-first-legs-of-the-2012a13-uefa-europa-league-quarter-finals-are-held-in-europe-fernando-torres-scores-twice-and-helps-chelsea-to-a-3a.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Europa League, Chelsea F.C., Rubin Kazan, quarter-finals_
3. [The draw for the semi-finals of the 2012-13 UEFA Europa League is held in Nyon, Switzerland. Basel will play Chelsea while Fenerbahce will face Benfica. ](/news/2013/04/12/the-draw-for-the-semi-finals-of-the-2012a13-uefa-europa-league-is-held-in-nyon-switzerland-basel-will-play-chelsea-while-fenerbahasse-wil.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Europa League, Chelsea F.C., Nyon, Swiss_
4. [Roberto Di Matteo is sacked by Chelsea F.C. after a 2012-13 UEFA Champions League defeat 0-3 to Juventus F.C. left them in danger of becoming the first title holders to exit the competition in the group stage. Di Matteo managed Chelsea to their first ever Champions League title in Munich last May. Rafael Benitez appointed Chelsea interim manager until end of season. ](/news/2012/11/21/roberto-di-matteo-is-sacked-by-chelsea-f-c-after-a-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-defeat-0-3-to-juventus-f-c-left-them-in-danger-of-becom.md) _Context: Chelsea F.C., UEFA Champions League, title holders_
5. [Spanish side Sevilla FC beats English opponent Liverpool F.C., 3-1, at St. Jakob-Park in Basel, Switzerland, to win the 2015-16 UEFA Europa League. It is their third straight UEFA Europa League title win. ](/news/2016/05/18/spanish-side-sevilla-fc-beats-english-opponent-liverpool-f-c-3-1-at-st-jakob-park-in-basel-switzerland-to-win-the-2015a16-uefa-europ.md) _Context: Swiss, UEFA Europa League_
6. [The draw for the semi-finals of the 2012-13 UEFA Champions League is held in Nyon, Switzerland. Bayern Munich will play Barcelona while Borussia Dortmund will face Real Madrid. ](/news/2013/04/12/the-draw-for-the-semi-finals-of-the-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-is-held-in-nyon-switzerland-bayern-munich-will-play-barcelona-while-bo.md) _Context: Nyon, Swiss_
7. [The first legs of the 2012-13 UEFA Europa League round of 16 are held across Europe. Gareth Bale helps Tottenham to a 3-0 defeat of Inter Milan. ](/news/2013/03/7/the-first-legs-of-the-2012a13-uefa-europa-league-round-of-16-are-held-across-europe-gareth-bale-helps-tottenham-to-a-3a0-defeat-of-inte.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Europa League, quarter-finals_
8. [The draw for the quarterfinals of the 2012-13 UEFA Champions League and 2012-13 UEFA Europa League is held in Nyon, Switzerland. ](/news/2013/03/15/the-draw-for-the-quarterfinals-of-the-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-and-2012a13-uefa-europa-league-is-held-in-nyon-switzerland.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Europa League, Nyon_
9. [The second legs of the 2012-13 UEFA Europa League round of 16 are held across Europe. Emmanuel Adebayor's extra-time goal earns Tottenham Hotspur a place in the quarter-finals after their loss 1-4 to Inter Milan. ](/news/2013/03/14/the-second-legs-of-the-2012a13-uefa-europa-league-round-of-16-are-held-across-europe-emmanuel-adebayor-s-extra-time-goal-earns-tottenham.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Europa League, quarter-finals_
10. [In association football, the draw for the 2015 UEFA European Under-21 Football Championship qualification is held in Nyon, Switzerland. ](/news/2013/01/31/in-association-football-the-draw-for-the-2015-uefa-european-under-21-football-championship-qualification-is-held-in-nyon-switzerland.md) _Context: Nyon, Swiss_
