### [2012-04-28](/news/2012/04/28/index.md)

# Mali's ruling junta rejects a West African regional plan to extend the life of an interim civilian government. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/04/28/us-mali-junta-rejects-west-african-trans-idUSBRE83R0E620120428)

### Related:

1. [Northern Mali conflict (2012-present):: The UK announces it will deploy 330 military personnel to Mali and other West African countries in support of French forces operating in the area. ](/news/2013/01/29/northern-mali-conflict-2012-present-the-uk-announces-it-will-deploy-330-military-personnel-to-mali-and-other-west-african-countries-in.md) _Context: Mali, West Africa_
2. [2012 Northern Mali conflict: West African nations agree to send a 3,300-strong force to northern Mali to regain area controlled by Islamist insurgent groups. ](/news/2012/11/11/2012-northern-mali-conflict-west-african-nations-agree-to-send-a-3-300-strong-force-to-northern-mali-to-regain-area-controlled-by-islamist.md) _Context: Mali, West Africa_
3. [ Floods in Ghana displace 260,000 people with similar problems in Mali and neighbouring countries in West Africa. ](/news/2007/09/15/floods-in-ghana-displace-260-000-people-with-similar-problems-in-mali-and-neighbouring-countries-in-west-africa.md) _Context: Mali, West Africa_
4. [International Criminal Court investigation in Mali: The International Criminal Court has ruled that Ahmad al-Faqi al-Mahdi is liable for about - 2.7 million in personal damages for the destruction of Timbuktu's heritage sites, and that the victims (including Mali itself and the international community) be paid "individual, collective, and symbolic" reparations. The Trust Fund for Victims is to decide until 16 February 2018 how the amount will be paid (the Court has also recognized that the penniless al-Mahdi would be unable to pay). ](/news/2017/08/17/international-criminal-court-investigation-in-mali-the-international-criminal-court-has-ruled-that-ahmad-al-faqi-al-mahdi-is-liable-for-abo.md) _Context: Mali_
5. [Northern Mali conflict: A U.N. peacekeeping helicopter crashes during a mission in northern Mali, resulting in the death of two German pilots within. ](/news/2017/07/26/northern-mali-conflict-a-u-n-peacekeeping-helicopter-crashes-during-a-mission-in-northern-mali-resulting-in-the-death-of-two-german-pilot.md) _Context: Mali_
6. [June 2017 Bamako attack: Gunmen storm a popular tourist resort near the Malian capital, Bamako. At least two people are reportedly killed. Malian troops and France's Operation Barkhane counter-terrorist force are at the site. ](/news/2017/06/18/june-2017-bamako-attack-gunmen-storm-a-popular-tourist-resort-near-the-malian-capital-bamako-at-least-two-people-are-reportedly-killed-m.md) _Context: Mali_
7. [Foreign relations of the Gambia: British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, during a visit to the Gambia, announces that the West African nation is to rejoin the Commonwealth of Nations following talks with Gambian President Adama Barrow. The Gambia withdrew from the Commonwealth in 2013 under Yahya Jammeh, who considered it a "neo-colonial institution". ](/news/2017/02/14/foreign-relations-of-the-gambia-british-foreign-secretary-boris-johnson-during-a-visit-to-the-gambia-announces-that-the-west-african-nati.md) _Context: West Africa_
8. [Northern Mali conflict: A suicide bomber detonates a vehicle full of explosives at a military camp in Gao, Mali, killing at least 76 people and wounding scores more in Mali's deadliest terrorist attack in history. ](/news/2017/01/18/northern-mali-conflict-a-suicide-bomber-detonates-a-vehicle-full-of-explosives-at-a-military-camp-in-gao-mali-killing-at-least-76-people.md) _Context: Mali_
9. [Aftermath of the Gambian presidential election, 2016: President-elect Adama Barrow travels to the Malian capital of Bamako to meet with world leaders after yesterday's failed attempts at persuading incumbent president Yahya Jammeh to step down at the end of his term. ](/news/2017/01/14/aftermath-of-the-gambian-presidential-election-2016-president-elect-adama-barrow-travels-to-the-malian-capital-of-bamako-to-meet-with-worl.md) _Context: Mali_
10. [Foreign relations of the Gambia: Gambian presidential election, 2016: Gambian President Yahya Jammeh accuses the West African regional bloc, ECOWAS, of "declaring war" after it said it was putting forces on alert in case he refused to step down at the end of his mandate on January 19. ](/news/2017/01/1/foreign-relations-of-the-gambia-gambian-presidential-election-2016-gambian-president-yahya-jammeh-accuses-the-west-african-regional-bloc.md) _Context: West Africa_
