### [2004-06-9](/news/2004/06/9/index.md)

#  An explosion injures at least 17 in a commercial district of Cologne, Germany. Authorities are treating it as a bomb attack. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/3791965.stm)
2. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/stories/2004/06/09/canada/cologne_blast040609)

### Related:

1. [Turkey summons the ambassador of Germany after at least 10,000 people rally in Cologne in support of the referendum. ](/news/2017/09/16/turkey-summons-the-ambassador-of-germany-after-at-least-10-000-people-rally-in-cologne-in-support-of-the-referendum.md) _Context: Cologne_
2. [Thousands of German riot police are deployed to control protesters opposing the Alternative for Germany at the party's conference in Cologne. ](/news/2017/04/22/thousands-of-german-riot-police-are-deployed-to-control-protesters-opposing-the-alternative-for-germany-at-the-party-s-conference-in-cologne.md) _Context: Cologne_
3. [The German cities of Augsburg and Cologne are testing a scheme of traffic lights embedded in the ground to reduce cell phone-texting pedestrian accidents with vehicles that happen when so-called "smombies" step out into the street against the signal. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-german-cities-of-augsburg-and-cologne-are-testing-a-scheme-of-traffic-lights-embedded-in-the-ground-to-reduce-cell-phone-texting-pedestr.md) _Context: Cologne_
4. [German police arrest two Algerian men suspected of having links to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and planning terror attacks in the country. One of the men detained, reported to be aged 35, had been living in a refugee shelter in the town of Attendorn, east of Cologne. Police say "investigations show that he has been trained militarily in Syria". ](/news/2016/02/4/german-police-arrest-two-algerian-men-suspected-of-having-links-to-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-and-planning-terror-attacks-in-t.md) _Context: Cologne_
5. [The chief of Cologne's police force, Wolfgang Albers, is relieved of his duties following criticism of his handling of violent clashes and sexual assaults by migrant gangs in the city on New Year's Eve. ](/news/2016/01/8/the-chief-of-cologne-s-police-force-wolfgang-albers-is-relieved-of-his-duties-following-criticism-of-his-handling-of-violent-clashes-and-s.md) _Context: Cologne_
6. [German police begin investigations into a gang of up to 1,000 men of North African and Arab appearance who committed sexual assaults on women in Cologne's main square on New Year's Eve. ](/news/2016/01/4/german-police-begin-investigations-into-a-gang-of-up-to-1-000-men-of-north-african-and-arab-appearance-who-committed-sexual-assaults-on-wome.md) _Context: Cologne_
7. [Thousands of protesters in Leipzig demonstrate against a record refugee influx they blame for mass sexual violence at New Year's Eve events in Cologne and other German cities. Many chanted 'We are the people', 'Resistance!' and 'Deport them!'. The rally was organized by a local chapter of PEGIDA (Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the Occident). Six Pakistani men and one Syrian man were also attacked by so-called vigilantes in Cologne, following calls on social media for "revenge" in the wake of the New Year's Eve assaults. ](/news/2016/01/11/thousands-of-protesters-in-leipzig-demonstrate-against-a-record-refugee-influx-they-blame-for-mass-sexual-violence-at-new-year-s-eve-events.md) _Context: Cologne_
8. [ A sudden noise immediately before the "black box" flight data recorder went dark indicates the plane was brought down by a bomb, according to unnamed sources. Officially, Ayman el-Muqadem says the Egyptian investigative team is "considering all possible scenarios for the cause of the accident" and has not yet reached any conclusions. ](/news/2015/11/7/a-sudden-noise-immediately-before-the-black-box-flight-data-recorder-went-dark-indicates-the-plane-was-brought-down-by-a-bomb-according.md) _Context: bomb_
9. [U.S. intelligence analysts conclude the Russian plane was not brought down by surface-to-air missile. An American infrared satellite detected a heat flash at the same time and same place over the Sinai as the plane, but no evidence a missile was involved. Analysts believe it could have been some kind of explosion on the aircraft itself, either a fuel tank or a bomb. U.S. officials do not rule out that ISIL could have been responsible for bringing down the flight. ](/news/2015/11/2/u-s-intelligence-analysts-conclude-the-russian-plane-was-not-brought-down-by-surface-to-air-missile-an-american-infrared-satellite-detecte.md) _Context: bomb_
10. [Henriette Reker, a candidate in Cologne's mayoral race, is stabbed in the neck by a man claiming to be angry over Germany's refugee policies. Reker is in serious condition, as is an aide. Three others suffered minor injuries. ](/news/2015/10/17/henriette-reker-a-candidate-in-cologne-s-mayoral-race-is-stabbed-in-the-neck-by-a-man-claiming-to-be-angry-over-germany-s-refugee-policies.md) _Context: Cologne_
