### [2004-06-9](/news/2004/06/9/index.md)

#  Canada announces it will be increasing its non-military role in Iraq, while NATO is currently undecided about sending more support to Iraq. 




### Source:

1. [The Globe and Mail](http://www.globeandmail.com/servlet/story/RTGAM.20040609.wnato0609_3/BNStory/International/)

### Related:

1. [Three members of the British Armed Forces are being investigated by military lawyers over alleged abuse of Iraqi detainees. ](/news/2010/11/9/three-members-of-the-british-armed-forces-are-being-investigated-by-military-lawyers-over-alleged-abuse-of-iraqi-detainees.md) _Context: Iraq, military_
2. [ U.S.-led occupation of Iraq: Brigadier General Mark Hertling, a top US commander in charge of Najaf, Iraq, states "The Moqtada militia is militarily defeated. We have killed scores of them over the last few weeks, and that is in Najaf alone.&nbsp;... The militia have been defeated, or have left." US Coalition patrols and checkpoints are still active around Najaf and its twin city of Kufa, Iraq. ](/news/2004/06/6/u-s-led-occupation-of-iraq-brigadier-general-mark-hertling-a-top-us-commander-in-charge-of-najaf-iraq-states-the-moqtada-militia-is-m.md) _Context: Iraq, military_
3. [ War on Terrorism: US military commander for the Middle East reportedly creates a covert commando force (named Task Force 121) to hunt Saddam Hussein and Osama bin Laden (and other key terrorists throughout the region). Military officers state a broader, regional mission is given to the force, which has become one of the Pentagon's most highly classified and closely watched operations. The Special Operations organization to act with greater speed on intelligence tips about ""high-value targets"" and not be contained within the borders where American conventional forces are operating in Iraq and Afghanistan. General John Abizaid, who commands all American forces in the strategic crescent from the Red Sea to the Indian Ocean, had previously decided to disband two Special Operations missions (Task Force 5 in Afghanistan and Task Force 20 in Iraq).](/news/2003/11/7/war-on-terrorism-us-military-commander-for-the-middle-east-reportedly-creates-a-covert-commando-force-named-task-force-121-to-hunt-sadda.md) _Context: Iraq, military_
4. [ Turkey announces it will not send troops to Iraq. With the Turkish announcement, there are 24,000 non-American troops in Iraq, but almost half of them are British. Jessica Lynch accuses the US military of manipulating news about her capture, treatment and release for propaganda purposes. She also states that she has no memory of the supposed anal rape which a former "New York Times" reporter claims in a book that she was subjected to. United States Army Black Hawk helicopter crashes near Tikrit. Six soldiers are killed. All of the dead are from the 101st Airborne. It is unknown if the craft went down because of mechanical failure or hostile fire. Reportedly, a military source says it may have been hit by a rocket-propelled grenade. 57% of Poles oppose the mission in Iraq as the first Polish soldier dies. Vietnam War vets comment on the worrisome parallels between Vietnam and Iraq.](/news/2003/11/7/turkey-announces-it-will-not-send-troops-to-iraq-with-the-turkish-announcement-there-are-24-000-non-american-troops-in-iraq-but-almost-h.md) _Context: Iraq, military_
5. [ Japan delays sending troops to Iraq because of the worsening security situation. According to military analysts, recent attacks on coalition forces in Iraq are, reportedly, part of a guerrilla strategy to isolate the United States during attempts to achieve international support for rebuilding the country. With growing insurgency in Iraq and increasing criticism in the United States, the White House is pushing for faster action on crucial aspects of its strategy toward Iraq, accelerating the timetable for Iraqi self-government, redoubling military efforts against insurgents via "Operation Iron Hammer", and increasing efforts to convince the American public of the long-term benefit of the transformation of Iraq.](/news/2003/11/13/japan-delays-sending-troops-to-iraq-because-of-the-worsening-security-situation-according-to-military-analysts-recent-attacks-on-coalitio.md) _Context: Iraq, military_
6. [ Albania says it will send troops to join any war against Iraq, largely a symbolic measure thanking the United States and NATO for intervening in Kosovo in the 1999 Kosovo War.](/news/2003/03/9/albania-says-it-will-send-troops-to-join-any-war-against-iraq-largely-a-symbolic-measure-thanking-the-united-states-and-nato-for-interveni.md) _Context: Iraq, NATO_
7. [ France and Belgium broke the NATO procedure of silent approval concerning the timing of protective measures for Turkey in case of a possible war with Iraq. Germany said it supports this veto. The procedure was put into operation on February 6 by secretary general George Robertson. In response Turkey called upon Article 4 of the NATO Treaty, which stipulates that member states must deliberate when asked to do so by another member state if it feels threatened.](/news/2003/02/10/france-and-belgium-broke-the-nato-procedure-of-silent-approval-concerning-the-timing-of-protective-measures-for-turkey-in-case-of-a-possibl.md) _Context: Iraq, NATO_
8. [Voters in Iraqi Kurdistan head to the polls for a historic referendum on independence from Iraq. ](/news/2017/09/25/voters-in-iraqi-kurdistan-head-to-the-polls-for-a-historic-referendum-on-independence-from-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq_
9. [Seven people are killed and 13 are injured after suicide bombers hit a state-run power station near the northern city of Samarra, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/09/2/seven-people-are-killed-and-13-are-injured-after-suicide-bombers-hit-a-state-run-power-station-near-the-northern-city-of-samarra-iraq-the.md) _Context: Iraq_
10. [Sweden starts its largest military exercise in over 20 years. Nearly 20,000 troops are set to participate, including a contingent of over 1,000 U.S. soldiers. The drills will take place on and around the island of Gotland, including soldiers from NATO countries. ](/news/2017/09/11/sweden-starts-its-largest-military-exercise-in-over-20-years-nearly-20-000-troops-are-set-to-participate-including-a-contingent-of-over-1.md) _Context: NATO_
