### [2015-02-2](/news/2015/02/2/index.md)

# Foreign investors withdraw "billions of pesos" from the Philippines after a deadly battle threatened to derail the March 2014 peace deal. 

COTABATO, Philippines (AFP) - A bloodbath in the southern Philippines has placed at risk billions of pesos in potential investment, a business leader in the region said Monday.. Read more at straitstimes.com.


### Source:

1. [Agence France Presse via Yahoo! News](https://ph.news.yahoo.com/philippines-carnage-scaring-away-investors-business-group-040202711--finance.html)
2. [The Straits Times](http://www.straitstimes.com/news/asia/south-east-asia/story/philippines-carnage-scaring-away-investors-business-group-20150202)

### Related:

1. [Philippines President Benigno Aquino III distances himself from a botched raid against a terrorist, Zulkifli Abdhir, that killed around 50 people, including police officers and Abdhir, while pledging support for a peace process with the Moro people. Supreme Court Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno urges the public to continue to support the peace treaty. ](/news/2015/01/29/philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii-distances-himself-from-a-botched-raid-against-a-terrorist-zulkifli-abdhir-that-killed-around-50-p.md) _Context: January 25 botched police operation, Moro insurgency in the Philippines, Philippines, peace deal_
2. [Around 30-50 people die in clashes between the Philippine National Police and the Moro Islamic Liberation Front threatening a peace agreement between the Philippines government and the rebels. ](/news/2015/01/25/around-30-50-people-die-in-clashes-between-the-philippine-national-police-and-the-moro-islamic-liberation-front-threatening-a-peace-agreemen.md) _Context: Moro insurgency in the Philippines, Philippines, peace deal_
3. [The Catholic Bishops Conference of the Philippines says that it will not join growing calls for the impeachment and resignation of Philippines President Benigno Aquino III following the January 25 botched police operation. ](/news/2015/02/4/the-catholic-bishops-conference-of-the-philippines-says-that-it-will-not-join-growing-calls-for-the-impeachment-and-resignation-of-philippin.md) _Context: January 25 botched police operation, Philippines_
4. [Moro insurgency in the Philippines:Philippines President Benigno Aquino III submits a bill to the Congress of the Philippines that will give autonomy to Filipino Muslims in Bangsamoro and bring peace to Mindanao.](/news/2014/09/10/moro-insurgency-in-the-philippines-pphilippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii-submits-a-bill-to-the-congress-of-the-philippines-that-will-giv.md) _Context: Moro insurgency in the Philippines, Philippines_
5. [The Pentagon is considering conducting airstrikes in Marawi, which if approved would later put U.S. troops on the ground to battle the ISIS-affiliated Maute group as well as related Islamist terror groups. A spokesperson later denied the claims as well as clarified that the Philippines has yet to make a request. ](/news/2017/08/8/the-pentagon-is-considering-conducting-airstrikes-in-marawi-which-if-approved-would-later-put-u-s-troops-on-the-ground-to-battle-the-isis.md) _Context: Philippines_
6. [The Philippine Catholic Church condemns the killings in the Philippines after anger erupts due to the death of a 17-year old male student. ](/news/2017/08/20/the-philippine-catholic-church-condemns-the-killings-in-the-philippines-after-anger-erupts-due-to-the-death-of-a-17-year-old-male-student.md) _Context: Philippines_
7. [At least 32 people are killed in a series of police raids near Manila, Philippines, allegedly due to the ongoing drug war. ](/news/2017/08/16/at-least-32-people-are-killed-in-a-series-of-police-raids-near-manila-philippines-allegedly-due-to-the-ongoing-drug-war.md) _Context: Philippines_
8. [According to the United Nations, the Philippines has the largest increase in HIV/AIDS in the Asia Pacific region with about a 140% increase in cases from 2010 until 2016 possibly causing a 'national emergency.' ](/news/2017/08/1/according-to-the-united-nations-the-philippines-has-the-largest-increase-in-hiv-aids-in-the-asia-pacific-region-with-about-a-140-increase.md) _Context: Philippines_
9. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-law-in-the-whole-philippines-two.md) _Context: Philippines_
10. [In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces-orders-for-police-to.md) _Context: Philippines_
