### [2015-02-2](/news/2015/02/2/index.md)

# Moro insurgency in the Philippines: Foreign investors withdraw "billions of pesos" from the Philippines after a deadly battle threatened to derail the March 2014 peace deal. 

COTABATO, Philippines (AFP) - A bloodbath in the southern Philippines has placed at risk billions of pesos in potential investment, a business leader in the region said Monday.. Read more at straitstimes.com.


### Source:

1. [Agence France Presse via Yahoo! News](https://ph.news.yahoo.com/philippines-carnage-scaring-away-investors-business-group-040202711--finance.html)
2. [The Straits Times](http://www.straitstimes.com/news/asia/south-east-asia/story/philippines-carnage-scaring-away-investors-business-group-20150202)

### Related:

1. [Moro insurgency in the Philippines: Philippines President Benigno Aquino III distances himself from a botched raid against a terrorist, Zulkifli Abdhir, that killed around 50 people, including police officers and Abdhir, while pledging support for a peace process with the Moro people. Supreme Court Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno urges the public to continue to support the peace treaty. ](/news/2015/01/29/moro-insurgency-in-the-philippines-philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii-distances-himself-from-a-botched-raid-against-a-terrorist-zulk.md) _Context: January 25 botched police operation, Moro insurgency in the Philippines, Philippines, peace deal_
2. [Moro insurgency in the Philippines: Around 30-50 people die in clashes between the Philippine National Police and the Moro Islamic Liberation Front threatening a peace agreement between the Philippines government and the rebels. ](/news/2015/01/25/moro-insurgency-in-the-philippines-around-30-50-people-die-in-clashes-between-the-philippine-national-police-and-the-moro-islamic-liberatio.md) _Context: Moro insurgency in the Philippines, Philippines, peace deal_
3. [2015 Mamasapano clash: The Catholic Bishops Conference of the Philippines says that it will not join growing calls for the impeachment and resignation of Philippines President Benigno Aquino III following the January 25 botched police operation. ](/news/2015/02/4/2015-mamasapano-clash-the-catholic-bishops-conference-of-the-philippines-says-that-it-will-not-join-growing-calls-for-the-impeachment-and-r.md) _Context: January 25 botched police operation, Philippines_
4. [Moro insurgency in the Philippines:: Philippines President Benigno Aquino III submits a bill to the Congress of the Philippines that will give autonomy to Filipino Muslims in Bangsamoro and bring peace to Mindanao.](/news/2014/09/10/moro-insurgency-in-the-philippines-philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii-submits-a-bill-to-the-congress-of-the-philippines-that-will-gi.md) _Context: Moro insurgency in the Philippines, Philippines_
5. [Battle of Marawi: The Pentagon is considering conducting airstrikes in Marawi, which if approved would later put U.S. troops on the ground to battle the ISIS-affiliated Maute group as well as related Islamist terror groups. A spokesperson later denied the claims as well as clarified that the Philippines has yet to make a request. ](/news/2017/08/8/battle-of-marawi-the-pentagon-is-considering-conducting-airstrikes-in-marawi-which-if-approved-would-later-put-u-s-troops-on-the-ground-t.md) _Context: Philippines_
6. [Philippine Drug War: Hundreds of sympathizers attend the funeral procession of a teenager killed allegedly due to the ongoing drug purge in the Philippines. ](/news/2017/08/26/philippine-drug-war-hundreds-of-sympathizers-attend-the-funeral-procession-of-a-teenager-killed-allegedly-due-to-the-ongoing-drug-purge-in.md) _Context: Philippines_
7. [Earthquakes in 2017: Two people die in an earthquake in Leyte, Philippines. ](/news/2017/08/23/earthquakes-in-2017-two-people-die-in-an-earthquake-in-leyte-philippines.md) _Context: Philippines_
8. [Tourism in the Philippines: Viacom International Media Networks has announced it will no longer pursue a Nickelodeon underwater theme park and resort in Palawan, Philippines. The project, announced last January, attracted controversy due to criticisms from environmentalist groups who fear the resort might destroy the area's marine ecosystem, home to two UNESCO World Heritage sites. ](/news/2017/08/22/tourism-in-the-philippines-viacom-international-media-networks-has-announced-it-will-no-longer-pursue-a-nickelodeon-underwater-theme-park-a.md) _Context: Philippines_
9. [Philippine Drug War: After the shooting of Kian Loyd delos Santos, a 17-year old student, in the campaign against drugs in the Philippines, thousands of marchers protest in EDSA heeding calls from the Philippine Catholic Church to criticize the drug war. ](/news/2017/08/21/philippine-drug-war-after-the-shooting-of-kian-loyd-delos-santos-a-17-year-old-student-in-the-campaign-against-drugs-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: Philippines_
10. [Philippine Drug War: The Philippine Catholic Church condemns the killings in the Philippines after anger erupts due to the death of 17-year old Kian Loyd delos Santos.](/news/2017/08/20/philippine-drug-war-the-philippine-catholic-church-condemns-the-killings-in-the-philippines-after-anger-erupts-due-to-the-death-of-17-year.md) _Context: Philippines_
