### [2006-05-23](/news/2006/05/23/index.md)

#  President of Mexico Vicente Fox begins a tour of the United States in Salt Lake City.




### Related:

1. [ President of Mexico Vicente Fox begins a tour of the United States in Salt Lake City by criticizing a proposed border wall. This comes amid the U.S. Senate passing a sweeping immigration bill. ](/news/2006/05/24/president-of-mexico-vicente-fox-begins-a-tour-of-the-united-states-in-salt-lake-city-by-criticizing-a-proposed-border-wall-this-comes-amid.md) _Context: President, Salt Lake City, United States, Vicente Fox_
2. [Luis Videgaray Caso resigns as Mexico's finance minister amid fallout over President Enrique Pena Nieto's controversial meeting with U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump in Mexico City. Videgaray is revealed to have been the main advocate of arranging the meeting. ](/news/2016/09/7/luis-videgaray-caso-resigns-as-mexico-s-finance-minister-amid-fallout-over-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-s-controversial-meeting-with-u-s-p.md) _Context: President, United States_
3. [A murder-suicide on Interstate 80, near Salt Lake City, United States, causes the death of two people. ](/news/2013/02/8/a-murder-suicide-on-interstate-80-near-salt-lake-city-united-states-causes-the-death-of-two-people.md) _Context: Salt Lake City, United States_
4. [Former President of Mexico Vicente Fox calls for the legalisation of drugs in Mexico. ](/news/2010/08/9/former-president-of-mexico-vicente-fox-calls-for-the-legalisation-of-drugs-in-mexico.md) _Context: President, Vicente Fox_
5. [ Disputed Mexican election: Deputies and senators of the PRD occupy the stage of Congress and prevent President Vicente Fox from delivering his final State of the Nation speech. Fox later addresses the nation on an all-channel telecast. ](/news/2006/09/1/disputed-mexican-election-deputies-and-senators-of-the-prd-occupy-the-stage-of-congress-and-prevent-president-vicente-fox-from-delivering.md) _Context: President, Vicente Fox_
6. [ The President of Mexico, Vicente Fox, increases his personal security after an advisor reportedly leaked his itinerary to a Mexican drug cartel. ](/news/2005/02/8/the-president-of-mexico-vicente-fox-increases-his-personal-security-after-an-advisor-reportedly-leaked-his-itinerary-to-a-mexican-drug-ca.md) _Context: President, Vicente Fox_
7. [ Vicente Fox takes office as President of Mexico.](/news/2000/12/1/vicente-fox-takes-office-as-president-of-mexico.md) _Context: President, Vicente Fox_
8. [United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the ''Reforming American Immigration for Strong Employment Act of 2017'' (RAISE Act), a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. ](/news/2017/08/2/united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-reforming-american-immigration-for-s.md) _Context: United States_
9. [Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edits a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos.  ](/news/2017/08/2/teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edits-a-piece-of-faulty-dn.md) _Context: United States_
10. [The summit announces it is unable to gain agreement on climate change between the United States and the other 19 members of this international forum. ](/news/2017/07/8/the-summit-announces-it-is-unable-to-gain-agreement-on-climate-change-between-the-united-states-and-the-other-19-members-of-this-internation.md) _Context: United States_
