### [2002-05-8](/news/2002/05/8/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A Palestinian suicide bomber badly injures himself near Megiddo, southeast of Haifa, when the explosives he was carrying go off prematurely.




### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A Palestinian suicide bomber blows herself up in a crowded beach restaurant in the northern Israeli port city of Haifa, killing at least 19 people and wounding about two dozen, at least six seriously. Hours later Israeli helicopter gunships retaliate by attacking targets in Gaza City and Central Gaza.](/news/2003/10/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-suicide-bomber-blows-herself-up-in-a-crowded-beach-restaurant-in-the-northern-israeli-port-city.md) _Context: Haifa, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, suicide bomber_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A Palestinian suicide bomber kills at least 8 Israelis and seriously wounds 15 others at a bus stop near Rishon LeZion. Several hours later this is followed by a second suicide bombing at a Jerusalem caf, in which 7 more people are killed and dozens are wounded.](/news/2003/09/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-8-israelis-and-seriously-wounds-15-others-at-a-bus-stop-near-rish.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, suicide bomber_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: After a suicide bomber kills 5 and wounds more than 60 on a bus next to Tel Aviv's Great Synagogue, Israeli troops, tanks, and bulldozers destroy buildings in Yasser Arafat's Ramallah headquarters.](/news/2002/09/19/israeli-palestinian-conflict-after-a-suicide-bomber-kills-5-and-wounds-more-than-60-on-a-bus-next-to-tel-aviv-s-great-synagogue-israeli-t.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, suicide bomber_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A Palestinian suicide bomber kills 15 and wounds 58 in a billiards and gambling club in Rishon LeZion at approximately 11 p.m. local time, while Ariel Sharon is meeting with President Bush in Washington D.C.](/news/2002/05/7/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-suicide-bomber-kills-15-and-wounds-58-in-a-billiards-and-gambling-club-in-rishon-lezion-at-appr.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, suicide bomber_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A suicide bomber disguised as an Israeli soldier kills at least two Israelis and wounds more than 50 in Netanya.](/news/2002/05/19/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-suicide-bomber-disguised-as-an-israeli-soldier-kills-at-least-two-israelis-and-wounds-more-than-50-in-netan.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, suicide bomber_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli troops exchange gunfire with guards of Yasir Arafat in Ramallah. A suicide bomber identified as Shadi Tubasi, a resident of the refugee camp Jenin, kills 14 and wounds more than 40 in Haifa. Later, a suicide bomber wounds four members of an intensive-care unit, one critically, in a paramedics' dispatch station in Efrat. In the past 18 months, according to the Associated Press, 1262 people have been killed on the Palestinian side and on 401 on the Israeli side.](/news/2002/03/31/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-troops-exchange-gunfire-with-guards-of-yasir-arafat-in-ramallah-a-suicide-bomber-identified-as-shadi.md) _Context: Haifa, suicide bomber_
7. [ A suicide bomber attacks a convoy in Afghanistan's Kabul province, killing a Georgian soldier and three civilians and wounding 13 others, including six Resolute Support personnel. ](/news/2017/08/3/a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-convoy-in-afghanistan-s-kabul-province-killing-a-georgian-soldier-and-three-civilians-and-wounding-13-others-i.md) _Context: suicide bomber_
8. [The world's oldest man, Polish-Israeli Yisrael Kristal, who was also recognized as the oldest living Holocaust survivor, dies at age 113 years, 330 days, in Haifa, Israel. ](/news/2017/08/11/the-world-s-oldest-man-polishaisraeli-yisrael-kristal-who-was-also-recognized-as-the-oldest-living-holocaust-survivor-dies-at-age-113-y.md) _Context: Haifa_
9. [A suicide bomber kills at least six people and wounds 18 near a Pakistan Army vehicle taking part in the census in the city of Lahore. ](/news/2017/04/5/a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-six-people-and-wounds-18-near-a-pakistan-army-vehicle-taking-part-in-the-census-in-the-city-of-lahore.md) _Context: suicide bomber_
10. [In response to several Israeli airstrikes against suspected Hezbollah-related targets inside Syria, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has threatened wider war with the State of Israel, stating its intention to fire Scud missiles, and specifically target the Israeli city of Haifa. Israel responded by stating that any such actions by the Assad regime, or attacks on its aircraft, will cause Israel to "annihilate" Syrian air defense systems. ](/news/2017/03/25/in-response-to-several-israeli-airstrikes-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-inside-syria-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-has-thr.md) _Context: Haifa_
