### [2011-05-12](/news/2011/05/12/index.md)

# Anti-retroviral drugs reduce the risk of people spreading HIV to uninfected partners by 96%, according to a new study. 

An HIV-positive person can reduce the risk of spreading the virus to uninfected partners by 96% if they are given anti-retroviral drugs immediately, according to US scientists.


### Source:

1. [Mail & Guardian](http://mg.co.za/article/2011-05-12-early-treatment-breakthrough-in-hiv-research)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/health-13381292)

### Related:

1. [ A research team led by an evolutionary biologist at the University of Arizona publishes a paper in ''Nature'' on the genetic history of HIV proving that Gaetan Dugas, the Canadian flight attendant who had been identified for years as "Patient Zero" of the AIDS epidemic in the U.S., did not spread the virus to the country. The study indicates that HIV first spread to the U.S. from the Caribbean around 1970. ](/news/2016/10/26/a-research-team-led-by-an-evolutionary-biologist-at-the-university-of-arizona-publishes-a-paper-in-nature-on-the-genetic-history-of-hiv.md) _Context: HIV_
2. [The U.S. Food and Drug Administration  approves a new, all-in-one pill to treat HIV patients that includes a new version of the drug tenofovir, which researchers think will help reduce side effects from the multi-drug regimens used for HIV. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-u-s-food-and-drug-administration-approves-a-new-all-in-one-pill-to-treat-hiv-patients-that-includes-a-new-version-of-the-drug-tenofov.md) _Context: HIV_
3. [American actor Charlie Sheen confirms he has HIV. ](/news/2015/11/17/american-actor-charlie-sheen-confirms-he-has-hiv.md) _Context: HIV_
4. [The World Health Organization  reports tuberculosis has surpassed human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), as the leading cause of global death, despite the death rate from tuberculosis having been cut in half over the last 25 years. Most deaths from tuberculosis could be prevented, researchers said, but detection and treatment aren't happening fast enough. ](/news/2015/10/28/the-world-health-organization-reports-tuberculosis-has-surpassed-human-immunodeficiency-virus-hiv-as-the-leading-cause-of-global-death.md) _Context: HIV_
5. [Imprimis Pharmaceuticals Inc. announces it will begin selling $1 doses of the antimalarial drug used for HIV patients, pyrimethamine (generic name for Daraprim), whose price was recently raised to $750 per pill by Turing Pharmaceuticals following Martin Shkreli's purchase of its marketing rights this year. Imprimis also plans to start making inexpensive versions of other generic drugs whose prices have skyrocketed. ](/news/2015/10/23/imprimis-pharmaceuticals-inc-announces-it-will-begin-selling-1-doses-of-the-antimalarial-drug-used-for-hiv-patients-pyrimethamine-generi.md) _Context: HIV_
6. [The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends everyone diagnosed with HIV immediately receive antiretroviral therapy and recommends preventative treatment for all at "substantial risk" of infection. Previously, the UN health agency had recommended to physicians that the threshold for patient intervention was the presentation of symptoms. ](/news/2015/10/1/the-world-health-organization-who-recommends-everyone-diagnosed-with-hiv-immediately-receive-antiretroviral-therapy-and-recommends-prevent.md) _Context: HIV_
7. [EBioMedicine publishes research by University of Leuven scientists describing their findings of a so-called Cuban variant of the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) (the virus that causes A.I.D.S.) which is an aggressive strain that can rapidly progress to AIDS. ](/news/2015/02/16/ebiomedicine-publishes-research-by-university-of-leuven-scientists-describing-their-findings-of-a-so-called-cuban-variant-of-the-human-immun.md) _Context: HIV_
8. [Researchers at Albert Einstein College of Medicine at Yeshiva University in New York City have found that a modified version of the leukemia treatment radioimmunotherapy can kill latent HIV cells, possibly providing a cure for one of the world's deadliest diseases. ](/news/2013/12/3/researchers-at-albert-einstein-college-of-medicine-at-yeshiva-university-in-new-york-city-have-found-that-a-modified-version-of-the-leukemia.md) _Context: HIV_
9. [A study finds that taking the AIDS drug tenofovir greatly reduces the risk of HIV infection among intravenous drug users. ](/news/2013/06/12/a-study-finds-that-taking-the-aids-drug-tenofovir-greatly-reduces-the-risk-of-hiv-infection-among-intravenous-drug-users.md) _Context: HIV_
10. [A panel of American health experts recommends formal approval of the Truvada anti-HIV drug for prescription to non-infected men who have sex with multiple male partners, a decision opposed by some health workers and groups active among those with HIV. ](/news/2012/05/11/a-panel-of-american-health-experts-recommends-formal-approval-of-the-truvada-anti-hiv-drug-for-prescription-to-non-infected-men-who-have-sex.md) _Context: HIV_
