### [2011-05-12](/news/2011/05/12/index.md)

# The International Criminal Court asks the United Nations Security Council to take action over Djibouti's failure to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir, who was indicted by the court on charges of war crimes. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://af.reuters.com/article/topNews/idAFJOE74B0KX20110512)

### Related:

1. [The International Criminal Court reports Kenya to the United Nations Security Council over a visit by Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir to the country. ](/news/2010/08/28/the-international-criminal-court-reports-kenya-to-the-united-nations-security-council-over-a-visit-by-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-to-t.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan, United Nations Security Council_
2. [ The African Union stops cooperation with the International Criminal Court because it charged Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir with war crimes. ](/news/2009/07/3/the-african-union-stops-cooperation-with-the-international-criminal-court-because-it-charged-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-with-war-cri.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan, war crime_
3. [ Luis Moreno-Ocampo, the Prosecutor for the International Criminal Court, accuses Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir of genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes in Darfur. ](/news/2008/07/14/luis-moreno-ocampo-the-prosecutor-for-the-international-criminal-court-accuses-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-of-genocide-crimes-agai.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan, war crime_
4. [South Africa formally begins the process of withdrawing from the International Criminal Court amid a dispute over the country's refusal to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir at last year's African Union summit in Johannesburg. ](/news/2016/10/21/south-africa-formally-begins-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-amid-a-dispute-over-the-country-s-refusal-to-a.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
5. [Sudanese general election, 2015: Sudan's Electoral Commission declares that incumbent President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir won re-election with 94.4 per cent of the vote extending his 25 year rule. He has been indicted multiple times by the International Criminal Court for being personally responsible for war crimes committed in Darfur and elsewhere in Sudan. ](/news/2015/04/27/sudanese-general-election-2015-sudan-s-electoral-commission-declares-that-incumbent-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-won-re-election-with.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
6. [Malawi cancels its hosting of the African Union summit after disagreements over the attendance of Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir, who is wanted by the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2012/06/8/malawi-cancels-its-hosting-of-the-african-union-summit-after-disagreements-over-the-attendance-of-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-who-is.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
7. [Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir, the subject of an International Criminal Court arrest warrant for genocide, war crimes and crimes against humanity in the region of Darfur, unexpectedly delays his visit to China without official explanation, after he had already departed for an anti-terrorism conference hosted by Iran. ](/news/2011/06/27/sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-the-subject-of-an-international-criminal-court-arrest-warrant-for-genocide-war-crimes-and-crimes-against.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, war crime_
8. [Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir arrives in Chad, a member of the International Criminal Court, despite an arrest warrant. ](/news/2010/07/21/sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-arrives-in-chad-a-member-of-the-international-criminal-court-despite-an-arrest-warrant.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
9. [Sudan:: Many international leaders stay away from the inauguration of Omar al-Bashir, wanted by the International Criminal Court for war crimes in Darfur, as he is sworn in as President of Sudan but at least five African presidents attend the event along with two UN representatives. ](/news/2010/05/27/sudan-many-international-leaders-stay-away-from-the-inauguration-of-omar-al-bashir-wanted-by-the-international-criminal-court-for-war-cri.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
10. [The International Criminal Court reports Sudan to the United Nations Security Council for refusing to arrest former Minister Ahmed Haroun and militia leader Ali Muhammad Al Abd-Al-Rahman. ](/news/2010/05/26/the-international-criminal-court-reports-sudan-to-the-united-nations-security-council-for-refusing-to-arrest-former-minister-ahmed-haroun-an.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Sudan, United Nations Security Council_
