### [2011-05-12](/news/2011/05/12/index.md)

# The BBC is to broadcast its political debate programme "Question Time" from inside a prison for the first time next Thursday. Ten members of staff and ten prisoners from London's Wormwood Scrubs prison are to join 100 other audience members, while panelists are to include Secretary of State for Justice Kenneth Clarke and former Home Secretary Jack Straw. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-13371144)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/52671000/jpg/_52671975_011566623-1.jpg)

### Related:

1. [A special edition of the BBC's political debate programme "Question Time" is recorded at Wormwood Scrubbs Prison in London. ](/news/2011/05/19/a-special-edition-of-the-bbc-s-political-debate-programme-question-time-is-recorded-at-wormwood-scrubbs-prison-in-london.md) _Context: BBC, London, Question Time, Wormwood Scrubbs Prison_
2. [Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leader-of-the-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-d.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Secretary of State for Justice_
3. [Home Secretary Theresa May gets 165 votes after the first ballot of Conservative members of parliament to select a new Leader and the next Prime Minister. Her nearest rival, Minister of State for Energy Andrea Leadsom, picked up 66 votes. Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove won 48 votes, and Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb got 34 votes. Former Secretary of State for Defence Liam Fox is eliminated from consideration as he received just 16. Later, Crabb pulled out of the race and endorsed front-runner Theresa May. Fox also endorsed May. ](/news/2016/07/5/home-secretary-theresa-may-gets-165-votes-after-the-first-ballot-of-conservative-members-of-parliament-to-select-a-new-leader-and-the-next-p.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Secretary of State for Justice_
4. [The BBC television series "Sherlock" wins two prizes at the 2011 British Academy Television Awards ceremony in London, including best drama series. ](/news/2011/05/22/the-bbc-television-series-sherlock-wins-two-prizes-at-the-2011-british-academy-television-awards-ceremony-in-london-including-best-drama.md) _Context: BBC, London_
5. [The BBC intervenes and tensions escalate after the UK cabinet members' threat to boycott "Question Time" unless Alastair Campbell, former adviser to Tony Blair, is removed from the panel. ](/news/2010/05/28/the-bbc-intervenes-and-tensions-escalate-after-the-uk-cabinet-members-threat-to-boycott-question-time-unless-alastair-campbell-former-ad.md) _Context: BBC, Question Time_
6. [ In an appearance before the House of Lords Communications Select Committee, BBC Director-General Mark Thompson denies that the appearance of British National Party leader Nick Griffin on "Question Time" was a bid for ratings. ](/news/2009/10/28/in-an-appearance-before-the-house-of-lords-communications-select-committee-bbc-director-general-mark-thompson-denies-that-the-appearance-o.md) _Context: BBC, Question Time_
7. [ In a change of policy, the British Broadcasting Corporation controversially gives a platform on "Question Time" to the far right British National Party (BNP) leader Nick Griffin. ](/news/2009/10/22/in-a-change-of-policy-the-british-broadcasting-corporation-controversially-gives-a-platform-on-question-time-to-the-far-right-british-na.md) _Context: BBC, Question Time_
8. [ In a major Cabinet reshuffle, every person's post is changed, bar one. Alistair Darling becomes Chancellor of the Exchequer, David Miliband becomes Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, and Jacqui Smith becomes the first female Secretary of State for the Home Department. Alan Johnson takes Health, Jack Straw takes Justice and First Secretary of State, Hilary Benn takes Environment, Des Browne remains as Defence Secretary but also becomes Secretary of State for Scotland, and Ruth Kelly takes Transport. Douglas Alexander takes Secretary of State for International Development; Peter Hain remains Secretary of State for Wales but also becomes Work and Pensions Secretary; Shaun Woodward becomes Northern Ireland Secretary; John Hutton takes Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform Secretary; Hazel Blears takes Communities Secretary and Minister for Equality; James Purnell takes Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families; and Tessa Jowell becomes Minister for the Olympics and will only attend Cabinet when required. Baroness Ashton becomes Leader of the House of Lords; Harriet Harman&mdash;Labour's deputy leader&mdash;becomes Leader of the House of Commons and Minister for Women; whilst Ed Balls becomes Children, Schools and Families Secretary. John Denham becomes Innovation, University and Skills Secretary; and Baroness Scotland becomes the new Attorney General of England and Wales. The Cabinet is set to change. ](/news/2007/06/28/in-a-major-cabinet-reshuffle-every-person-s-post-is-changed-bar-one-alistair-darling-becomes-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-david-miliband.md) _Context: Jack Straw, Secretary of State for Justice_
9. [ Ken Livingstone, the Mayor of London, accuses Home Secretary Jack Straw of participating in "demonization of Muslims only comparable to the demonization of Jews from the end of the 19th century" for his comments regarding veils. ](/news/2006/11/20/ken-livingstone-the-mayor-of-london-accuses-home-secretary-jack-straw-of-participating-in-demonization-of-muslims-only-comparable-to-the.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Jack Straw_
10. [ BBC's The Proms 'Last Night at the Proms' took place at Royal Albert Hall in London. The proms were simulcasted to cities across the United Kingdom like Glasgow, Swansea, Belfast, Manchester and London Hyde Park. More than 100,000 people attended the festival in London and elsewhere. The proms are currently in their 112th season. ](/news/2006/09/9/bbc-s-the-proms-last-night-at-the-proms-took-place-at-royal-albert-hall-in-london-the-proms-were-simulcasted-to-cities-across-the-united.md) _Context: BBC, London_
