### [2011-05-12](/news/2011/05/12/index.md)

# The Australian airline Qantas is fined NZ$6.5 million for breaches of the Commerce Act in New Zealand, the biggest penalty for price fixing in the history of that country. 

The High Court in Auckland has ordered Qantas Airways to pay a $6.5 million penalty for breaches of the Commerce Act, the highest penalty to date in New Zealand for price fixing. - New Zealand Herald


### Source:

1. [The New Zealand Herald](http://www.nzherald.co.nz/business/news/article.cfm?c_id=3&objectid=10725134)

### Related:

1. [2011 Puyehue eruption:Australian airlines QANTAS and Virgin Australia suspends flights to Perth, Western Australia, due to ash from the eruption in Chile, with flights to Tasmania and New Zealand also cancelled. ](/news/2011/06/15/2011-puyehue-eruption-paustralian-airlines-qantas-and-virgin-australia-suspends-flights-to-perth-western-australia-due-to-ash-from-the-eru.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand, Qantas_
2. [The Rhode Island Marine Architecture Project claims to have found the wreckage of HMS ''Endeavour'' used by Royal Navy Lieutenant James Cook on his voyage to Australia, New Zealand and Tahiti between 1768 and 1771. The ship was scuttled in 1778 in Newport Harbor ahead of the Battle of Rhode Island in the American War of Independence. ](/news/2016/05/3/the-rhode-island-marine-architecture-project-claims-to-have-found-the-wreckage-of-hms-endeavour-used-by-royal-navy-lieutenant-james-cook.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand_
3. [Australian electronics retailer Dick Smith, placed in administration by creditors in January, will close 301 stores in Australia and 62 in New Zealand with nearly 3000 people to lose their jobs. ](/news/2016/02/25/australian-electronics-retailer-dick-smith-placed-in-administration-by-creditors-in-january-will-close-301-stores-in-australia-and-62-in-n.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand_
4. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood.  ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand_
5. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand_
6. [Gallipoli Landing 100th anniversaryAttendances at services to commemorate Anzac Day break attendance records in Australia and New Zealand. ](/news/2015/04/25/gallipoli-landing-100th-anniversarypattendances-at-services-to-commemorate-anzac-day-break-attendance-records-in-australia-and-new-zealand.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand_
7. [The United States Congress negotiates a deal to fast track the Trans-Pacific Partnership between the US and Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/04/16/the-united-states-congress-negotiates-a-deal-to-fast-track-the-trans-pacific-partnership-between-the-us-and-australia-brunei-canada-chile.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand_
8. [The Rolling Stones postpone their tours of Australia and New Zealand following the death of Mick Jagger's girlfriend L'Wren Scott. ](/news/2014/03/18/the-rolling-stones-postpone-their-tours-of-australia-and-new-zealand-following-the-death-of-mick-jagger-s-girlfriend-l-wren-scott.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand_
9. [Australian airline Qantas announces cuts to 500 maintenance jobs. ](/news/2012/05/21/australian-airline-qantas-announces-cuts-to-500-maintenance-jobs.md) _Context: Australia, Qantas_
10. [The Government of Fiji seizes a controlling interest in subsidiary Air Pacific from the Australian airline Qantas.  Qantas remains in control of its equity in the airline. ](/news/2012/03/28/the-government-of-fiji-seizes-a-controlling-interest-in-subsidiary-air-pacific-from-the-australian-airline-qantas-qantas-remains-in-contro.md) _Context: Australia, Qantas_
