### [2014-09-1](/news/2014/09/1/index.md)

# 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: Ukrainian forces battle pro-Russian rebels near Luhansk International Airport. The area is encircled by the pro-Russian forces for over 3 weeks. 

Ukrainian troops abandon Luhansk airport after clashes with pro-Russian rebels, ahead of negotiations on the crisis.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-29009516)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-29017736)

### Related:

1. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 17; 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: Dutch-led investigators say Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 was downed over eastern Ukraine in 2014 by a Buk missile that had come from Russia. ](/news/2016/09/28/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-dutch-led-investigators-say-malaysia-airlines-flight-mh17-was-downed-over-e.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine_
2. [Foreign ministers from members of NATO attend a summit in Belgium to discuss the 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine and the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant insurgency. ](/news/2014/12/3/foreign-ministers-from-members-of-nato-attend-a-summit-in-belgium-to-discuss-the-2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-and-the-islamic-state-in.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine_
3. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: Kazakhstan renews its military cooperation with Ukraine, to which it promises vital supplies of coal, following a visit to Kiev by the Kazakh leader, Nursultan Nazarbayev. ](/news/2014/12/22/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-kazakhstan-renews-its-military-cooperation-with-ukraine-to-which-it-promises-vital-supplies-of-coal-fo.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine_
4. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: At least three people die in a new round of fighting between the Armed Forces of Ukraine and pro-Russian separatists. ](/news/2014/11/26/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-at-least-three-people-die-in-a-new-round-of-fighting-between-the-armed-forces-of-ukraine-and-pro-russian.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine_
5. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:: Voters in break away "people's republics" (Donetsk People's Republic and Lugansk People's Republic respectively) in Donetsk and Luhansk go to the polls for parliamentary and presidential elections. Rebel leaders Alexander Zakharchenko (Donetsk) and Igor Plotnisky (Luhansk) appear set for victory in early counting in elections which will be recognised in Russia but not elsewhere. International observers noted a very high turnout. ](/news/2014/11/2/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-voters-in-break-away-people-s-republics-donetsk-people-s-republic-and-lugansk-people-s-republic-resp.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine_
6. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: Vladimir Putin, the President of Russia, and Petro Poroshenko, the President of Ukraine, will meet at the sidelines of the Asia-Europe Meeting in Milan, Italy to discuss the conflict and supplies of natural gas. ](/news/2014/10/17/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-vladimir-putin-the-president-of-russia-and-petro-poroshenko-the-president-of-ukraine-will-meet-at-th.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine_
7. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:: The RIA Novosti news agency reports that Russian photojournalist Andrey Stenin has been found dead in Ukraine. It was discovered that he died 4 weeks ago. ](/news/2014/09/3/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-the-ria-novosti-news-agency-reports-that-russian-photojournalist-andrey-stenin-has-been-found-dead-in-u.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine_
8. [Ukraine-s government picks 172 individuals and 65 companies that will face sanctions for "support and financing of terrorism" or responsible for crimes on country-s territory during the pro-Russian unrest. ](/news/2014/08/8/ukraine-s-government-picks-172-individuals-and-65-companies-that-will-face-sanctions-for-support-and-financing-of-terrorism-or-responsib.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine_
9. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:: Ukrainian government forces recapture control of Marinka on the western edge of the pro-Russian rebel-held city of Donetsk. ](/news/2014/08/5/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-ukrainian-government-forces-recapture-control-of-marinka-on-the-western-edge-of-the-pro.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine_
10. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: War in Donbass:: Ukrainian government forces recapture control of Yasynuvata from pro-Russian insurgents; government troops have now all but encircled the rebels' second-largest stronghold of Luhansk, and rebels declared a "state of siege" in Donetsk. ](/news/2014/08/4/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-war-in-donbass-ukrainian-government-forces-recapture-control-of-yasynuvata-from-pro-russian-insurgents.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine_
