### [2013-02-25](/news/2013/02/25/index.md)

# 2013 meat adulteration scandal: Ikea withdraws Swedish meatballs from sale in 14 countries after tests in the Czech Republic revealed traces of horse meat. 

Swedish-style meatballs for sale at Ikea in the Czech Republic are found to contain horsemeat, inspectors reveal, as EU ministers meet in Brussels.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-21569645)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/66058000/jpg/_66058423_66058422.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Swedish_
2. [2013 meat adulteration scandal: The Swedish furniture giant Ikea withdraws moose meat lasagne, sold in its worldwide stores. Unlabelled pork is found after increased scrutiny from the scandal. ](/news/2013/04/6/2013-meat-adulteration-scandal-the-swedish-furniture-giant-ikea-withdraws-moose-meat-lasagne-sold-in-its-worldwide-stores-unlabelled-pork.md) _Context: 2013 meat adulteration scandal, IKEA_
3. [2013 meat adulteration scandal: Britain's Food Standards Agency says that 100kg of horse meat imported from Hungary and labelled as beef has been discovered in Lancashire. ](/news/2013/03/22/2013-meat-adulteration-scandal-britain-s-food-standards-agency-says-that-100kg-of-horse-meat-imported-from-hungary-and-labelled-as-beef-has.md) _Context: 2013 meat adulteration scandal, horses for meat_
4. [UK Secretary of State for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs Owen Paterson holds a summit with British retailers and the Food Standards Agency to ask how "beef" products containing horse meat were sold in supermarkets. ](/news/2013/02/9/uk-secretary-of-state-for-environment-food-and-rural-affairs-owen-paterson-holds-a-summit-with-british-retailers-and-the-food-standards-age.md) _Context: 2013 meat adulteration scandal, horses for meat_
5. [Frozen food manufacturer Findus withdraws its beef lasagne ready meals after tests showed the product contained horse meat. ](/news/2013/02/7/frozen-food-manufacturer-findus-withdraws-its-beef-lasagne-ready-meals-after-tests-showed-the-product-contained-horse-meat.md) _Context: 2013 meat adulteration scandal, horses for meat_
6. [Food giant Nestl removes its beef pasta meals from supermarkets in France, Spain, and Italy, after tests confirmed that the product contained horse meat. ](/news/2013/02/18/food-giant-nestle-removes-its-beef-pasta-meals-from-supermarkets-in-france-spain-and-italy-after-tests-confirmed-that-the-product-contain.md) _Context: 2013 meat adulteration scandal, horses for meat_
7. [The British catering firm Compass Group and hotel chain Whitbread both identify horse meat in products sold as beef. ](/news/2013/02/15/the-british-catering-firm-compass-group-and-hotel-chain-whitbread-both-identify-horse-meat-in-products-sold-as-beef.md) _Context: 2013 meat adulteration scandal, horses for meat_
8. [ Swedish business weekly "Veckans Affarer" argues that Ingvar Kamprad, a Swede who founded the furniture retail chain store IKEA, has overtaken Microsoft's Bill Gates as the world's richest person. IKEA disagrees, stating that he does not personally own the company. ](/news/2004/04/5/swedish-business-weekly-veckans-affa-rer-argues-that-ingvar-kamprad-a-swede-who-founded-the-furniture-retail-chain-store-ikea-has-overt.md) _Context: IKEA, Swedish_
9. [About 600 members of the Swedish neo-Nazi group Nordic Resistance Movement march through Gothenburg, and 10,000 people hold a counter-demonstration. More than 50 people are arrested and several people are injured during the protests. ](/news/2017/09/30/about-600-members-of-the-swedish-neo-nazi-group-nordic-resistance-movement-march-through-gothenburg-and-10-000-people-hold-a-counter-demons.md) _Context: Swedish_
10. [Sweden starts its largest military exercise in over 20 years. Nearly 20,000 troops are set to participate, including a contingent of over 1,000 U.S. soldiers. The drills will take place on and around the island of Gotland, including soldiers from NATO countries. ](/news/2017/09/11/sweden-starts-its-largest-military-exercise-in-over-20-years-nearly-20-000-troops-are-set-to-participate-including-a-contingent-of-over-1.md) _Context: Swedish_
