### [2013-02-25](/news/2013/02/25/index.md)

# BlackBerry, the company formally known as Research in Motion, launches its BlackBerry Z10 smartphone in India, where it costs 43,490 rupees, or roughly US$800. 

BlackBerry launched its first smartphone from its BlackBerry 10 line in India on Monday, pricing the phone at 43,490 rupees ($800).


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/02/25/us-blackberry-india-z-idUSBRE91O09E20130225)

### Related:

1. [Canadian wireless device manufacturer Research In Motion officially unveils BlackBerry 10, the newest version of the operating system for its BlackBerry devices, and announces the first two phones that will run on the new platform. The company also announces it will begin doing business as BlackBerry effective immediately. ](/news/2013/01/30/canadian-wireless-device-manufacturer-research-in-motion-officially-unveils-blackberry-10-the-newest-version-of-the-operating-system-for-it.md) _Context: BlackBerry, BlackBerry Z10_
2. [India announces that it is to deport an estimated 40,000 Rohingya refugees including 14,000 of those registered with the U.N. refugee agency. In the months leading up to the announcement, a string of anti-Rohingya protests had been held in the country.](/news/2017/08/14/india-announces-that-it-is-to-deport-an-estimated-40-000-rohingya-refugees-including-14-000-of-those-registered-with-the-u-n-refugee-agency.md) _Context: India_
3. [Monsoons in At least 44 are killed in a landslide on a highway in the northern India province of Himachal Pradesh. ](/news/2017/08/13/monsoons-in-at-least-44-are-killed-in-a-landslide-on-a-highway-in-the-northern-india-province-of-himachal-pradesh.md) _Context: India_
4. [India increases its military alert amid a border standoff with the People's Liberation Army of China at Doklam. ](/news/2017/08/12/india-increases-its-military-alert-amid-a-border-standoff-with-the-people-s-liberation-army-of-china-at-doklam.md) _Context: India_
5. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
6. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
7. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
8. [At least 17 people are killed in a building collapse in the Indian city of Mumbai with at least 13 injured and twelve people unaccounted for. ](/news/2017/07/26/at-least-17-people-are-killed-in-a-building-collapse-in-the-indian-city-of-mumbai-with-at-least-13-injured-and-twelve-people-unaccounted-for.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
10. [Amid a stalemate between India and China over Doklam, disputed between the latter and Bhutan, China renews a call for India to withdraw its troops from Doklam. It follows reports claiming China held live firing drills in the region. ''[http://www.arabnews.com/node/1131641/world (Arab News)]''](/news/2017/07/19/amid-a-stalemate-between-india-and-china-over-doklam-disputed-between-the-latter-and-bhutan-china-renews-a-call-for-india-to-withdraw-its.md) _Context: India_
