### [2012-09-8](/news/2012/09/8/index.md)

# A suicide bombing by the Taliban near the headquarters of the International Security Assistance Force in the Afghan capital of Kabul kills at least six people. 

A teenage suicide bomber kills at least six people including a number of children near the headquarters of the Nato-led coalition in the Afghan capital Kabul.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-19528417)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): The Taliban, in a statement claiming responsibility for yesterday's rocket attacks into Kabul, Afghanistan, says the intended target was U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, who was in the capital to help defuse a crisis within the unity government. Kerry had departed less than an hour earlier. No casualties have been reported. ](/news/2016/04/10/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-the-taliban-in-a-statement-claiming-responsibility-for-yesterday-s-rocket-attacks-into-kabul-afghanis.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kabul, Taliban_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Carrying coffins holding the beheaded bodies of seven ethnic Hazara, thousands of demonstrators from Afghanistan's different ethnic groups - Pashtun, Tajik, Uzbek, and Hazara - march on the Presidential Palace in Kabul, urging the government to take action against the rising violence against Afghan civilians. The murders, which the United Nations denounced as a potential war crime, have fueled a growing sense of insecurity since the Taliban briefly seized control of Kunduz in late September. ](/news/2015/11/11/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-carrying-coffins-holding-the-beheaded-bodies-of-seven-ethnic-hazara-thousands-of-demonstrators-from-af.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kabul, Taliban_
3. [2015 Hindu Kush earthquake: An earthquake measuring 7.5 on the Moment magnitude scale (MMS) strikes in the Hindu Kush mountain range in northeastern Afghanistan, 158 miles from Kabul, in the remote province of Badakhshan, one of Afghanistan-s most inaccessible regions. Tremors reached as far as New Delhi, India. At least 263 are dead in Afghanistan and nearby northern Pakistan with more than 1,000 injured. The death toll will likely climb since communications in much of the affected areas are cut, and rescue teams had not yet reached districts closest to the epicenter, including some that are controlled by Taliban insurgents. ](/news/2015/10/26/2015-hindu-kush-earthquake-an-earthquake-measuring-7-5-on-the-moment-magnitude-scale-mms-strikes-in-the-hindu-kush-mountain-range-in-nort.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kabul, Taliban_
4. [A suicide car bomber hits the headquarters of EUPOL Afghanistan in Kabul, Afghanistan, killing one person and injuring five others. The Taliban have claimed responsibility. ](/news/2015/01/5/a-suicide-car-bomber-hits-the-headquarters-of-eupol-afghanistan-in-kabul-afghanistan-killing-one-person-and-injuring-five-others-the-tali.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kabul, Taliban_
5. [Taliban insurgency: The Taliban claims responsibility for an attack in central Afghanistan that claims the lives of 10 civilians, four Czech members of the International Security Assistance Force and two Afghan police officers. ](/news/2014/07/8/taliban-insurgency-the-taliban-claims-responsibility-for-an-attack-in-central-afghanistan-that-claims-the-lives-of-10-civilians-four-czech.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, International Security Assistance Force, Taliban_
6. [Taliban insurgency in Afghanistan:: Twenty-one people are killed in a suicide bombing attack on a Kabul restaurant. ](/news/2014/01/17/taliban-insurgency-in-afghanistan-twenty-one-people-are-killed-in-a-suicide-bombing-attack-on-a-kabul-restaurant.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kabul, suicide bombing_
7. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):: Seven heavily armed Taliban militants launch a coordinated attack near the main international airport of the Afghan capital, Kabul, and seize a five-story building under construction nearby. Afghan security forces retake the building, killing all seven militants and sustaining no military or civilian casualties. ](/news/2013/06/10/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-seven-heavily-armed-taliban-militants-launch-a-coordinated-attack-near-the-main-international-airport.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kabul, Taliban_
8. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):: Many people are killed in two suicide bombings in Afghanistan, at least fifteen of which are killed in the capital Kabul when a suicide bomber from Hizb-i-Islami, a Taliban affiliate, targeted a convoy carrying foreign troops, injuring another 40. ](/news/2013/05/16/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-many-people-are-killed-in-two-suicide-bombings-in-afghanistan-at-least-fifteen-of-which-are-killed-in.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kabul, suicide bombing_
9. [War in Afghanistan:: Two guards and an Afghan police officer are killed in coordinated suicide bombing attacks in Jalalabad and Logar Province in eastern Afghanistan, while a third such attack on the National Directorate of Security in Kabul is foiled. ](/news/2013/02/24/war-in-afghanistan-two-guards-and-an-afghan-police-officer-are-killed-in-coordinated-suicide-bombing-attacks-in-jalalabad-and-logar-provin.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kabul, suicide bombing_
10. [Taliban gunmen shoot a woman accused of adultery to death while men watching the execution cheer, in a village near Kabul, Afghanistan. ](/news/2012/07/8/taliban-gunmen-shoot-a-woman-accused-of-adultery-to-death-while-men-watching-the-execution-cheer-in-a-village-near-kabul-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kabul, Taliban_
