
Formats: [HTML](/news/2015/11/10/chinese-state-news-agency-xinhua-joins-critics-of-shenyang-s-handling-of-serious-pollution-problems-the-city-of-shenyang-has-failed-to-app.html)  [JSON](/news/2015/11/10/chinese-state-news-agency-xinhua-joins-critics-of-shenyang-s-handling-of-serious-pollution-problems-the-city-of-shenyang-has-failed-to-app.json)  [XML](/news/2015/11/10/chinese-state-news-agency-xinhua-joins-critics-of-shenyang-s-handling-of-serious-pollution-problems-the-city-of-shenyang-has-failed-to-app.xml)  

### [2015-11-10](/news/2015/11/10/index.md)

##### Pollution in China
# Chinese state news agency Xinhua joins critics of Shenyang's handling of serious pollution problems. "The city of Shenyang has failed to apply emergency measures that could have reduced smog, and didn't provide advisories to residents to stay indoors," Xinhua wrote. The BBC reported pollution readings in the northeastern Chinese city have been 50 times higher than levels considered safe by the World Health Organization (WHO). 

Pollution in a northeastern Chinese city has become so lethal, even state media is criticizing the local government for policy failures.


### Sources:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2015/11/10/Anger-simmers-in-China-over-worst-ever-air-pollution/3041447177028/?spt=hts&or=6)
1. [Cover Image](http://cdnph.upi.com/sv/ph/og/upi/3041447177028/2015/5/76203c26a21b5e497861be1bafb8af46/v1.5/Anger-simmers-in-China-over-worst-ever-air-pollution.jpg)

### Changes:

1. [Pollution in China: Chinese state news agency Xinhua joins critics of Shenyang's handling of serious pollution problems. "The city of Shenyang has failed to apply emergency measures that could have reduced smog, and didn't provide advisories to residents to stay indoors," Xinhua wrote. The BBC reported pollution readings in the northeastern Chinese city have been 50 times higher than levels considered safe by the World Health Organization (WHO). ](/news/2015/11/10/pollution-in-china-chinese-state-news-agency-xinhua-joins-critics-of-shenyang-s-handling-of-serious-pollution-problems-the-city-of-shenya.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:28 (First version)_
2. [Chinese state news agency Xinhua joins critics of Shenyang's handling of serious pollution problems. "The city of Shenyang has failed to apply emergency measures that could have reduced smog, and didn't provide advisories to residents to stay indoors," Xinhua wrote. The BBC reported pollution readings in the northeastern Chinese city have been 50 times higher than levels considered safe by the World Health Organization (WHO). ](/news/2015/11/10/chinese-state-news-agency-xinhua-joins-critics-of-shenyang-s-handling-of-serious-pollution-problems-the-city-of-shenyang-has-failed-to-ap.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:28 (Update)_
2. [Chinese state news agency Xinhua joins critics of Shenyang's handling of serious pollution problems. "The city of Shenyang has failed to apply emergency measures that could have reduced smog, and didn't provide advisories to residents to stay indoors," Xinhua wrote. The BBC reported pollution readings in the northeastern Chinese city have been 50 times higher than levels considered safe by the World Health Organization (WHO). ](/news/2015/11/10/chinese-state-news-agency-xinhua-joins-critics-of-shenyang-s-handling-of-serious-pollution-problems-the-city-of-shenyang-has-failed-to-app.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Sixty cities in the People's Republic of China issued smog alerts between December 2 and 4. ](/news/2016/12/4/sixty-cities-in-the-people-s-republic-of-china-issued-smog-alerts-between-december-2-and-4.md) _Context: Chinese, Pollution in China_
2. [China's People's Liberation Army Air Force says it has conducted "combat patrols" near the disputed Spratly Islands and Scarborough Shoal in the South China Sea as part of an effort to normalize such drills and respond to security threats. Xian H-6 strategic bombers and Su-30 fighter jets took part in the patrols, according to Xinhua News Agency. ](/news/2016/08/6/china-s-people-s-liberation-army-air-force-says-it-has-conducted-combat-patrols-near-the-disputed-spratly-islands-and-scarborough-shoal-in.md) _Context: Chinese, Xinhua_
3. [One Chinese national is killed and three others injured in a possible militant attack on a Chinese-invested company in Laos, the official Xinhua News Agency reports. ](/news/2016/03/2/one-chinese-national-is-killed-and-three-others-injured-in-a-possible-militant-attack-on-a-chinese-invested-company-in-laos-the-official-xi.md) _Context: Chinese, Xinhua_
4. [The Chinese government warns residents in Northern China to prepare for a wave of choking smog arriving over the weekend and lasting through Tuesday, with Beijing affected hardest. The capital city issues its second-ever "red alert" -- the first was announced on December 7, 2015. This alert triggers the odd-even license plate system to halve cars on the road, and recommends schools close. China's National Meteorological Center reports the pollution will stretch from Xi'an, across part of Central China, through Beijing and up into Shenyang and Harbin in China's frigid northeast. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-chinese-government-warns-residents-in-northern-china-to-prepare-for-a-wave-of-choking-smog-arriving-over-the-weekend-and-lasting-through.md) _Context: Pollution in China, Shenyang_
5. [Japan's prime minister Shinzo Abe says he is considering sending Japanese Navy warships to the South China Sea to back-up U.S. naval operations, saying, "With regard to activity by the Self-Defense Forces in the South China Sea, I will consider it while focusing on what effect the situation has on Japan's security." In response, China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson, Hong Lei, told Chinese state media that China will remain on "high alert for intervention by Japan in the South China Sea issue". ](/news/2015/11/21/japan-s-prime-minister-shinza-abe-says-he-is-considering-sending-japanese-navy-warships-to-the-south-china-sea-to-back-up-u-s-naval-operat.md) _Context: Chinese, Xinhua_
