### [2015-11-10](/news/2015/11/10/index.md)

# Egypt's Interior Ministry announces the death of a senior figure in the Islamic State's "Sinai province." Ashraf Ali Hassanein al Gharabli, killed in a Cairo shootout with police, was also linked to other extremist groups and terrorist activities. 

The Islamic State&#039;s Sinai &quot;province&quot; used this banner to advertise its first video after pledging allegiance to Abu Bakr al Baghdadi in November 2014. The Egyptian interior ministry announced earlier today that a senior figure in the Islamic State&#039;s so-called Sinai &quot;province,&quot; Ashraf Ali Hassanein al Gharabli, was killed during a shootout with police in Cairo. The Egyptian government alleges that al Gharabli was involved in a string of attacks, including a car bombing outside of the Italian consulate in Cairo in July, the beheading of a Croatian man in August, and the murder of an American named William Henderson in 2014. Al Gharabli was also allegedly responsible for a number of attacks on Egyptian officials, including an assassination attempt on former interior minister Mohammad Ibrahim in 2013. On at least four occasions, the Islamic State and its Sinai &quot;province&quot; have claimed responsibility for the downing of a Russian airliner on October 31. The claim has not been confirmed, but


### Source:

1. [ARAnews](http://aranews.net/2015/11/egypt-police-kill-leading-isis-militant-in-cairo/)
2. [The Long War Journal](http://www.longwarjournal.org/archives/2015/11/islamic-state-sinai-province-commander-killed-in-cairo-egyptian-government-says.php)
2. [Cover Image](http://www.longwarjournal.org/wp-content/plugins/all-in-one-seo-pack/images/default-user-image.png)

### Related:

1. [At least seven people are killed, including five Egyptian Army soldiers, a military officer and a civilian woman in two separate blasts in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula. ISIL's Sinai branch claimed responsibility for the attacks on several websites. ](/news/2016/04/8/at-least-seven-people-are-killed-including-five-egyptian-army-soldiers-a-military-officer-and-a-civilian-woman-in-two-separate-blasts-in-e.md) _Context: Egypt, ISIL's Sinai branch, Sinai insurgency_
2. [A day after the second round of parliamentary elections closes, militants attack a hotel housing election judges in the provincial capital of al-Arish in Egypt's North Sinai. At least seven people are killed and 12 others injured, including two judges. The Islamic State's Wilayat Sinai branch claims responsibility. ](/news/2015/11/24/a-day-after-the-second-round-of-parliamentary-elections-closes-militants-attack-a-hotel-housing-election-judges-in-the-provincial-capital-o.md) _Context: Egypt, ISIL's Sinai branch, Sinai insurgency_
3. [Egypt's security forces shoot dead at least 24 ISIS militants as they hid inside a cave in a mountainous area in central Sinai, not far from the crash site of Metrojet Flight 9268, a Russian airliner the group says it brought down. ](/news/2015/11/16/egypt-s-security-forces-shoot-dead-at-least-24-isis-militants-as-they-hid-inside-a-cave-in-a-mountainous-area-in-central-sinai-not-far-from.md) _Context: Egypt, ISIL's Sinai branch, Sinai insurgency_
4. [Egyptian interior minister Mohamed Ibrahim Moustafa survives an assassination attempt as his convoy traveled through the Nasr City district in Cairo. ](/news/2013/09/5/egyptian-interior-minister-mohamed-ibrahim-moustafa-survives-an-assassination-attempt-as-his-convoy-traveled-through-the-nasr-city-district.md) _Context: Cairo, Egypt, Egyptian interior minister_
5. [Palestinian factions, Hamas and Fatah, sign a unity deal in Cairo, that is also publicly supported by the governments of Egypt and Saudi Arabia. The Fatah-controlled Palestinian National Authority, along with Israel, currently govern the West Bank. According to the signatories of the deal, the PNA will take administrative control of the Gaza Strip, and, along with Hamas, police its borders. The signatories consider the agreement a first step, and, if productive, plan to meet next month to address the remaining issues. The government of Israel opposes any involvement by Hamas in a Palestinian government. ](/news/2017/10/12/palestinian-factions-hamas-and-fatah-sign-a-unity-deal-in-cairo-that-is-also-publicly-supported-by-the-governments-of-egypt-and-saudi-ara.md) _Context: Cairo, Egypt_

### Changes:

1. [Egypt's Interior Ministry announces the death of a senior figure in the Islamic State's "Sinai province." Ashraf Ali Hassanein al Gharabli, killed in a Cairo shootout with police, was also linked to other extremist groups and terrorist activities. ](/news/2015/11/10/egypt-s-interior-ministry-announces-the-death-of-a-senior-figure-in-the-islamic-stateas-asinai-province-a-ashraf-ali-hassanein-al-gha.md) _2017-08-25 03:43:29 (First version)_
2. [Sinai insurgency: Egypt's Interior Ministry announces the death of a senior figure in the Islamic State-s -Sinai province.- Ashraf Ali Hassanein al Gharabli, killed in a Cairo shootout with police, was also linked to other extremist groups and terrorist activities. ](/news/2015/11/10/sinai-insurgency-egypt-s-interior-ministry-announces-the-death-of-a-senior-figure-in-the-islamic-state-s-sinai-province-ashraf-ali.md) _2017-08-27 03:43:47 (Update)_
2. [Egypt's Interior Ministry announces the death of a senior figure in the Islamic State's "Sinai province." Ashraf Ali Hassanein al Gharabli, killed in a Cairo shootout with police, was also linked to other extremist groups and terrorist activities. ](/news/2015/11/10/egypt-s-interior-ministry-announces-the-death-of-a-senior-figure-in-the-islamic-stateas-asinai-province-a-ashraf-ali-hassanein-al-ghar.md) _(Current version)_
