### [2015-11-10](/news/2015/11/10/index.md)

# Iran stops dismantling decommissioned centrifuges in two uranium enrichment plants, according to state media reports. This comes days after Iran's conservative lawmakers complained to President Hassan Rouhani that the process was too rushed. 

Iran has stopped dismantling centrifuges in two uranium enrichment plants, state media reported on Tuesday, days after conservative lawmakers complained to President Hassan Rouhani that the process was too rushed.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/10/us-iran-nuclear-deal-idUSKCN0SZ1Z720151110#yo8KAoW02OuryRs1.97)
1. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20151110&t=2&i=1093790839&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXNPEBA90S8)

### Related:

1. [Iran sentences four reformist newspaper journalists to long prison terms for so-called national security crimes. Analysts say this case indicates that President Hassan Rouhani's calls for press freedoms will likey face an unsympathetic hearing from Iran's conservative judiciary. ](/news/2016/04/27/iran-sentences-four-reformist-newspaper-journalists-to-long-prison-terms-for-so-called-national-security-crimes-analysts-say-this-case-indi.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran, President_
2. [Voters in Iran go to the polls to elect the President of Iran. Final opinion polls continue to predict that the incumbent Hassan Rouhani of the Moderation and Development Party will receive a majority of votes, with the conservative Combatant Clergy Association's Ebrahim Raisi as his main competition. ](/news/2017/05/19/voters-in-iran-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-the-president-of-iran-final-opinion-polls-continue-to-predict-that-the-incumbent-hassan-rouhani-of.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran_
3. [Iranian President Hassan Rouhani reshuffles his cabinet, replacing culture, education, and sports ministers. The new ministers still need the parliament's approval. ](/news/2016/10/19/iranian-president-hassan-rouhani-reshuffles-his-cabinet-replacing-culture-education-and-sports-ministers-the-new-ministers-still-need-th.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran_
4. [Around ten heads of state attend the 17th Non-aligned Movement summit in Isla Margarita, Venezuela, including Evo Morales of Bolivia, Raul Castro of Cuba, Rafael Correa of Ecuador, Hassan Rouhani of Iran, Mahmoud Abbas of the State of Palestine, Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, and Venezuela's president Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/09/17/around-ten-heads-of-state-attend-the-17th-non-aligned-movement-summit-in-isla-margarita-venezuela-including-evo-morales-of-bolivia-raaol.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran_
5. [Iran starts registering candidates for the 290-seat parliamentary elections scheduled for 26 February 2016. Potential candidates must be approved by the Guardian Council. The elections will, effectively, be a vote on President Hassan Rouhani's moderate policies that received a boost from the July 14 landmark nuclear deal. ](/news/2015/12/20/iran-starts-registering-candidates-for-the-290-seat-parliamentary-elections-scheduled-for-26-february-2016-potential-candidates-must-be-app.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran_
6. [Iranian Students News Agency reports an undisclosed verdict has been reached in the espionage case of "Washington Post" reporter Jason Rezaian, who has been held by Iran for more than 14 months. The final closed door hearing on Rezaian's case was on August 10, 2015. By not disclosing details, the Post stated that it seems Tehran could be working a political angle. Last month at the UN, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told journalists he would welcome quicker steps on mutual prisoner releases. ](/news/2015/10/11/iranian-students-news-agency-reports-an-undisclosed-verdict-has-been-reached-in-the-espionage-case-of-washington-post-reporter-jason-rezai.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran_
7. [Iranian President Hassan Rouhani says Iran is "ready to facilitate talks between the Syrian government and opposition". ](/news/2013/09/20/iranian-president-hassan-rouhani-says-iran-is-ready-to-facilitate-talks-between-the-syrian-government-and-opposition.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran_
8. [Iranian President Hassan Rouhani calls for "constructive dialogue" and an end to "unhealthy rivalries". ](/news/2013/09/20/iranian-president-hassan-rouhani-calls-for-constructive-dialogue-and-an-end-to-unhealthy-rivalries.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran_
9. [Iranian President Hassan Rouhani releases 11 political prisoners. He will visit the United States tomorrow. ](/news/2013/09/18/iranian-president-hassan-rouhani-releases-11-political-prisoners-he-will-visit-the-united-states-tomorrow.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran_
10. [Iranian President Hassan Rouhani confirmed he had contacted U.S. President Barack Obama via letters. Both countries cut all diplomatic relations after the Iranian Hostage Crisis in 1980. ](/news/2013/09/17/iranian-president-hassan-rouhani-confirmed-he-had-contacted-u-s-president-barack-obama-via-letters-both-countries-cut-all-diplomatic-relat.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran_
