### [2015-11-10](/news/2015/11/10/index.md)

# Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. 

Myanmar is the most generous country in the world, according to the charity CAF America.


### Source:

1. [CAF 2015 Report](https://www.cafonline.org/docs/default-source/about-us-publications/caf_worldgivingindex2015_report.pdf?sfvrsn=2)
2. [Market Watch](http://www.marketwatch.com/story/america-is-the-second-most-generous-country-in-the-world-2015-11-10)
3. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/voluntary-sector-network/gallery/2015/nov/10/the-10-most-generous-nations-in-the-world-in-pictures)

### Related:

1. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood.  ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: American, Australia, Canada, New Zealand, United Kingdom_
2. [The United States Congress negotiates a deal to fast track the Trans-Pacific Partnership between the US and Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/04/16/the-united-states-congress-negotiates-a-deal-to-fast-track-the-trans-pacific-partnership-between-the-us-and-australia-brunei-canada-chile.md) _Context: Australia, Canada, Malaysia, New Zealand_
3. [The governments of the United States, Australia, New Zealand and the Netherlands protest the start of Japan's whaling season off the coast of Antarctica. ](/news/2011/12/14/the-governments-of-the-united-states-australia-new-zealand-and-the-netherlands-protest-the-start-of-japan-s-whaling-season-off-the-coast-o.md) _Context: American, Australia, Netherlands, New Zealand_
4. [Facebook recognises civil unions and domestic partnerships as relationship statuses in the United States, Canada, the United Kingdom, France and Australia. ](/news/2011/02/18/facebook-recognises-civil-unions-and-domestic-partnerships-as-relationship-statuses-in-the-united-states-canada-the-united-kingdom-france.md) _Context: American, Australia, Canada, United Kingdom_
5. [A Charities Aid Foundation survey finds that Australia, New Zealand and Canada are the most generous contributors to charity. ](/news/2010/09/8/a-charities-aid-foundation-survey-finds-that-australia-new-zealand-and-canada-are-the-most-generous-contributors-to-charity.md) _Context: Australia, Canada, Charities Aid Foundation's, New Zealand_
6. [ After deliberating for 22 years, the United Nations General Assembly adopts the non-binding Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples; 143 countries vote in favour, while 11 abstain and Australia, Canada, New Zealand and the United States vote against. ](/news/2007/09/13/after-deliberating-for-22-years-the-united-nations-general-assembly-adopts-the-non-binding-declaration-on-the-rights-of-indigenous-peoples.md) _Context: American, Australia, Canada, New Zealand_
7. [ The United States Secretary of Defense Robert M. Gates meets with the Defense Ministers of the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, the Netherlands and Denmark as well as officials from Estonia and Romania to discuss progress in Afghanistan in expectation of a Taliban offensive. Two Canadian soldiers are killed when a roadside bomb explodes. ](/news/2007/04/11/the-united-states-secretary-of-defense-robert-m-gates-meets-with-the-defense-ministers-of-the-united-kingdom-australia-canada-the-nethe.md) _Context: Australia, Canada, Netherlands, United Kingdom_
8. [Australia, the UK, France, and the United States, all issue security alerts for westerners in Sanlitun in the Chaoyang District of Beijing,  a popular diplomatic and entertainment district. Chinese officials indicate they have taken appropriate measures in response to this information. ](/news/2015/12/24/australia-the-uk-france-and-the-united-states-all-issue-security-alerts-for-westerners-in-sanlitun-in-the-chaoyang-district-of-beijing.md) _Context: American, Australia, United Kingdom_
9. [A measles outbreak from the Philippines has spread into Australia, Canada, Taiwan, and the United Kingdom. ](/news/2014/02/12/a-measles-outbreak-from-the-philippines-has-spread-into-australia-canada-taiwan-and-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: Australia, Canada, United Kingdom_
10. [A child trafficking ring is smashed in the Philippines through the efforts of British, American, and Australian authorities. ](/news/2014/01/16/a-child-trafficking-ring-is-smashed-in-the-philippines-through-the-efforts-of-british-american-and-australian-authorities.md) _Context: American, Australia, United Kingdom_
