### [2015-11-10](/news/2015/11/10/index.md)

# New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman sends cease and desist letters to DraftKings and FanDuel ordering them to stop operating in the state because they violate New York laws against illegal gambling. 

State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman ordered fantasy sports companies DraftKings and FanDuel on Tuesday to stop accepting bets in the state.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/n-y-attorney-general-orders-fantasy-sports-sites-draftkings-fanduel-n461051)
2. [New York Daily News](http://www.nydailynews.com/sports/football/new-york-ag-orders-draftkings-fanduel-shut-state-article-1.2430225)

### Related:

1. [Daily fantasy sports companies DraftKings and FanDuel, who are fighting New York's cease-and-desist order that their industry is gambling in the U.S. state, apparently are OK with that label in the United Kingdom. DraftKings obtained a British gambling license in August and FanDuel applied for one earlier this month. ](/news/2015/11/15/daily-fantasy-sports-companies-draftkings-and-fanduel-who-are-fighting-new-york-s-cease-and-desist-order-that-their-industry-is-gambling-in.md) _Context: DraftKings, FanDuel, New York State_
2. [Four Papa John's Pizza franchise owners agree to a settlement of about $500,000 after admitting to paying employees unfair wages, according to  Thursday's  announcement by New York attorney general Eric Schneiderman and the U.S. Labor Department. Schneiderman has reached settlements with several other Papa John's franchises, including one for over $2 million. Out-of-court settlements have also been reached with other fast-food franchises. ](/news/2015/10/15/four-papa-john-s-pizza-franchise-owners-agree-to-a-settlement-of-about-500-000-after-admitting-to-paying-employees-unfair-wages-according.md) _Context: Eric Schneiderman, New York Attorney General_
3. [New York State-based GateHouse Media announces an agreement to buy 11 U.S. newspapers from Georgia-based Morris Communications. Included in the deal is the ''Log Cabin Democrat'', founded in 1879, and three Alaskan newspapers: the ''Juneau Empire'', the ''Peninsula Clarion'' and ''Homer News''. The deal is expected to close on October 2. ](/news/2017/08/10/new-york-state-based-gatehouse-media-announces-an-agreement-to-buy-11-u-s-newspapers-from-georgia-based-morris-communications-included-in.md) _Context: New York State_
4. [Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-registration-data-from-president-d.md) _Context: New York State_
5. [The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-expands-beyond-ohio-with-the.md) _Context: New York State_
6. [Starting this spring, the state of New York will offer free four-year public college tuition for residents whose families make less than $100,000, the first state in the country to do so. ](/news/2017/04/10/starting-this-spring-the-state-of-new-york-will-offer-free-four-year-public-college-tuition-for-residents-whose-families-make-less-than-10.md) _Context: New York State_
7. [The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to  stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-asks-a-federal-judge-to-stop-o.md) _Context: New York State_
8. [A commuter train from the Long Island Rail Road derails during the morning rush hour in Brooklyn, New York, injuring 103 people. ](/news/2017/01/4/a-commuter-train-from-the-long-island-rail-road-derails-during-the-morning-rush-hour-in-brooklyn-new-york-injuring-103-people.md) _Context: New York State_
9. [The New York Attorney General announces that Donald Trump has settled three lawsuits by former students of Trump University for $25 million. ](/news/2016/11/18/the-new-york-attorney-general-announces-that-donald-trump-has-settled-three-lawsuits-by-former-students-of-trump-university-for-25-million.md) _Context: New York Attorney General_
10. [Gunshots are fired in Crossgates Mall in Guilderland, New York. Police report the mall has been cleared; they  are looking for one suspect.   ](/news/2016/11/12/gunshots-are-fired-in-crossgates-mall-in-guilderland-new-york-police-report-the-mall-has-been-cleared-they-are-looking-for-one-suspect.md) _Context: New York State_
