### [2015-11-10](/news/2015/11/10/index.md)

# Sinai insurgency. Egypt's Interior Ministry announces the death of a senior figure in the Islamic State-s -Sinai province.- Ashraf Ali Hassanein al Gharabli, killed in a Cairo shootout with police, was also linked to other extremist groups and terrorist activities. 

The Islamic State&#039;s Sinai &quot;province&quot; used this banner to advertise its first video after pledging allegiance to Abu Bakr al Baghdadi in November 2014. The Egyptian interior ministry announced earlier today that a senior figure in the Islamic State&#039;s so-called Sinai &quot;province,&quot; Ashraf Ali Hassanein al Gharabli, was killed during a shootout with police in Cairo. The Egyptian government alleges that al Gharabli was involved in a string of attacks, including a car bombing outside of the Italian consulate in Cairo in July, the beheading of a Croatian man in August, and the murder of an American named William Henderson in 2014. Al Gharabli was also allegedly responsible for a number of attacks on Egyptian officials, including an assassination attempt on former interior minister Mohammad Ibrahim in 2013. On at least four occasions, the Islamic State and its Sinai &quot;province&quot; have claimed responsibility for the downing of a Russian airliner on October 31. The claim has not been confirmed, but


### Source:

1. [ARAnews](http://aranews.net/2015/11/egypt-police-kill-leading-isis-militant-in-cairo/)
2. [The Long War Journal](http://www.longwarjournal.org/archives/2015/11/islamic-state-sinai-province-commander-killed-in-cairo-egyptian-government-says.php)

### Related:

1. [Sinai insurgency. At least seven people are killed, including five Egyptian Army soldiers, a military officer and a civilian woman in two separate blasts in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula. ISIL's Sinai branch claimed responsibility for the attacks on several websites. ](/news/2016/04/8/sinai-insurgency-at-least-seven-people-are-killed-including-five-egyptian-army-soldiers-a-military-officer-and-a-civilian-woman-in-two-se.md) _Context: Egypt, ISIL's Sinai branch, Sinai insurgency_
2. [Sinai insurgency. November 2015 Sinai attack. A day after the second round of parliamentary elections closes, militants attack a hotel housing election judges in the provincial capital of al-Arish in Egypt's North Sinai. At least seven people are killed and 12 others injured, including two judges. The Islamic State's Wilayat Sinai branch claims responsibility. ](/news/2015/11/24/sinai-insurgency-november-2015-sinai-attack-a-day-after-the-second-round-of-parliamentary-elections-closes-militants-attack-a-hotel-housi.md) _Context: Egypt, ISIL's Sinai branch, Sinai insurgency_
3. [Sinai insurgency. Egypt's security forces shoot dead at least 24 ISIS militants as they hid inside a cave in a mountainous area in central Sinai, not far from the crash site of Metrojet Flight 9268, a Russian airliner the group says it brought down. ](/news/2015/11/16/sinai-insurgency-egypt-s-security-forces-shoot-dead-at-least-24-isis-militants-as-they-hid-inside-a-cave-in-a-mountainous-area-in-central-s.md) _Context: Egypt, ISIL's Sinai branch, Sinai insurgency_
4. [Sinai insurgency:. Egyptian security forces claim to have killed Shadi el-Menei, the leader of Ansar Bait al-Maqdis, and three other senior members in overnight fighting. ](/news/2014/05/23/sinai-insurgency-egyptian-security-forces-claim-to-have-killed-shadi-el-menei-the-leader-of-ansar-bait-al-maqdis-and-three-other-senior.md) _Context: Egypt, Sinai insurgency, extremist groups_
5. [Post-coup unrest in Egypt (Sinai insurgency):. Attacks by suicide bombers on a security checkpoint and a civilian bus in Egypt-s Sinai Peninsula as well as a separate bombing near a courthouse in Cairo killed at least four people. ](/news/2014/05/2/post-coup-unrest-in-egypt-sinai-insurgency-attacks-by-suicide-bombers-on-a-security-checkpoint-and-a-civilian-bus-in-egypt-s-sinai-pen.md) _Context: Cairo, Egypt, Sinai insurgency_
6. [Political violence in Egypt (July 2013-present):. Egyptian interior minister Mohamed Ibrahim Moustafa survives an assassination attempt as his convoy traveled through the Nasr City district in Cairo. ](/news/2013/09/5/political-violence-in-egypt-july-2013-present-egyptian-interior-minister-mohamed-ibrahim-moustafa-survives-an-assassination-attempt-as.md) _Context: Cairo, Egypt, Egyptian interior minister_
7. [An Egyptian excavation team discovers the remains of a pyramid dating back 3,700 years to the thirteenth Dynasty of Egypt at the Dahshur necropolis 40km south of Cairo. ](/news/2017/04/3/an-egyptian-excavation-team-discovers-the-remains-of-a-pyramid-dating-back-3-700-years-to-the-thirteenth-dynasty-of-egypt-at-the-dahshur-nec.md) _Context: Cairo, Egypt_
8. [Former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak is released from detention in Cairo. ](/news/2017/03/24/former-egyptian-president-hosni-mubarak-is-released-from-detention-in-cairo.md) _Context: Cairo, Egypt_
9. [ Six policemen are killed in a bomb explosion at a checkpoint in Cairo, Egypt. The Hasm Movement claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/12/9/six-policemen-are-killed-in-a-bomb-explosion-at-a-checkpoint-in-cairo-egypt-the-hasm-movement-claims-responsibility-for-the-attack.md) _Context: Cairo, Egypt_
10. [Botroseya Church bombing. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the Egyptian Coptic Church bombing in Cairo that claimed 25 lives on 11 December. ](/news/2016/12/13/botroseya-church-bombing-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-for-the-egyptian-coptic-church-bombing-in-cairo-tha.md) _Context: Cairo, Egypt_
