### [2015-11-10](/news/2015/11/10/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War: Aleppo offensive (October-November 2015): Syrian Army troops break an Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant siege of the Kweires airbase in the Aleppo Governorate. 

At least 23 people were killed and 40 wounded in two explosions in the Syrian city of Latakia on Tuesday, a monitoring group said, in one of the bloodiest attacks on President Bashar Al Assad&amp;#039;s coastal stronghold.


### Source:

1. [Reuters via ''Times of Oman](http://www.timesofoman.com/article/71503/World/Middle-East/Blasts-kill-23-in-Syrian-city-of-Latakia-as-state-TV-says-Syrian-army-has-not-reached-besieged-air-base)
2. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/US/2015/11/10/Militant-mortar-attack-on-Latakia-Syria-kills-dozens/5681447170445/)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: Central Syria campaign (July 2017-present): A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/syrian-civil-war-central-syria-campaign-july-2017-present-a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kill.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Army captures at least 23 villages in North East Aleppo Governorate from ISIL in a matter of hours after an ISIL withdrawal caused by the SAA capturing Al-Khafsah. ](/news/2017/03/7/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-captures-at-least-23-villages-in-north-east-aleppo-governorate-from-isil-in-a-matter-of-hours-after-an-isi.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Army recaptures the strategic town of Tadef from ISIL, south of al-Bab, securing key transportation routes in eastern Aleppo Governorate. ](/news/2017/02/26/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-recaptures-the-strategic-town-of-tadef-from-isil-south-of-al-bab-securing-key-transportation-routes-in-e.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War: United States-backed Syrian Democratic Forces begin an offensive to regain control of the city of Manbij in the Aleppo Governorate from ISIL. ](/news/2016/06/1/syrian-civil-war-united-states-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-begin-an-offensive-to-regain-control-of-the-city-of-manbij-in-the-aleppo-gov.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, ISIL, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Northern Aleppo offensive (2016): The Syrian Army, backed by the Russian Air Force, takes control of the town of Ratyan in the Aleppo Governorate, after defeating Al-Nusra Front and Ahrar ash-Sham fighters. ](/news/2016/02/6/syrian-civil-war-northern-aleppo-offensive-2016-the-syrian-army-backed-by-the-russian-air-force-takes-control-of-the-town-of-ratyan-in.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Army, backed by Russian airstrikes, recaptures the town of Khanasir from ISIL militants in the Aleppo Governorate. ](/news/2016/02/25/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-backed-by-russian-airstrikes-recaptures-the-town-of-khanasir-from-isil-militants-in-the-aleppo-governora.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian Civil War: Al-Nusra Front's (Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria) leader Abu Suleiman al-Masri is reportedly killed in the Aleppo province during clashes with the Syrian Army. ](/news/2015/10/24/syrian-civil-war-al-nusra-front-s-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-leader-abu-suleiman-al-masri-is-reportedly-killed-in-the-aleppo-province-dur.md) _Context: Aleppo Governorate, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War: East Aleppo offensive (February 2017): CJTFOIR deploys U.S. forces near Manbij to "reassure Coalition" members and to "deter aggression." This comes days after the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces' Manbij Military Council agreed to hand over territory west of Manbij to the Syrian Army to create a buffer zone between the SDF and Turkish-backed rebels. ](/news/2017/03/4/syrian-civil-war-east-aleppo-offensive-february-2017-cjtfoir-deploys-u-s-forces-near-manbij-to-reassure-coalition-members-and-to-det.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (2017): The Syrian Army and its allies recapture the ancient city of Palmyra from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2017/03/2/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-2017-the-syrian-army-and-its-allies-recapture-the-ancient-city-of-palmyra-from-the-islamic-state-of-i.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War: Siege of Wadi Barada: The Syrian Army recaptures all of the towns and villages in the Barada river valley near Damascus from rebel forces. ](/news/2017/01/29/syrian-civil-war-siege-of-wadi-barada-the-syrian-army-recaptures-all-of-the-towns-and-villages-in-the-barada-river-valley-near-damascus-fr.md) _Context: Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
