### [2015-11-10](/news/2015/11/10/index.md)

# The United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia suspends district court judge Richard Leon's ruling yesterday that found the U.S. National Security Agency's phone data collection program is unconstitutional. Leon's decision barred the agency from further collection of data on the plaintiffs in the case -- California attorney J.J. Little and his law firm -- but did not have sufficient authority to outlaw the practice against all Americans. The government plea for the injunction said it will take "at least several weeks" for the NSA to implement a technical change that would prevent collection of Little's data and therefore the entire program would have to shut down early based on Leon's order. 




### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/US/2015/11/10/Appeals-court-halts-judges-order-against-NSAs-phone-surveillance-program/2021447198109/?spt=rln&or=2)

### Related:

1. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel's office confirms German Federal Intelligence Service President Gerhard Schindler will be replaced by Bruno Kahl. Schindler has been widely criticized following the disclosure his agency spied for the U.S. National Security Agency. ](/news/2016/04/27/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-s-office-confirms-german-federal-intelligence-service-president-gerhard-schindler-will-be-replaced-by-bruno.md) _Context: National Security Agency, U.S._
2. [Federal district court judge  Richard Leon rules the National Security Agency's bulk collection  of U.S. phone records is unconstitutional. This ruling  has limited impact since it applies to only one case, and the NSA is scheduled to replace this protocol with a more targeted system the end of this month. ](/news/2015/11/9/federal-district-court-judge-richard-leon-rules-the-national-security-agencyas-bulk-collection-of-u-s-phone-records-is-unconstitutional.md) _Context: National Security Agency, U.S._
3. [Panels of the United States Fourth and D.C. (''Halbig v. Burwell'') Circuit Courts make contradictory rulings as to whether people who enroll in federal exchanges under the Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) can receive subsidies. ](/news/2014/07/22/panels-of-the-united-states-fourth-and-d-c-halbig-v-burwell-circuit-courts-make-contradictory-rulings-as-to-whether-people-who-enrol.md) _Context: U.S., U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit_
4. [The United States announces plans to relinquish remaining controls of the Internet following revelations of National Security Agency surveillance last year. ](/news/2014/03/14/the-united-states-announces-plans-to-relinquish-remaining-controls-of-the-internet-following-revelations-of-national-security-agency-surveil.md) _Context: National Security Agency, U.S._
5. [ The Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit rules that Hozaifa Parhat, a Chinese Uyghur militant currently detained at the Guantanamo Bay detention camp, cannot be ruled an "enemy combatant" because he never took up arms against the United States. ](/news/2008/06/23/the-court-of-appeals-for-the-d-c-circuit-rules-that-hozaifa-parhat-a-chinese-uyghur-militant-currently-detained-at-the-guantanamo-bay-det.md) _Context: U.S., U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit_
6. [ United States President George W. Bush announces that the NSA has ended its practice of warrantless wiretapping for domestic surveillance, and will go to the courts for warrants in the future. ](/news/2007/01/17/united-states-president-george-w-bush-announces-that-the-nsa-has-ended-its-practice-of-warrantless-wiretapping-for-domestic-surveillance.md) _Context: National Security Agency, U.S._
7. [ The United States National Security Agency is reported to operate "the largest database ever assembled in the world", containing a record of all calls (domestic and international) placed through AT&T, Verizon and BellSouth. Qwest Communications refused to provide customer records, citing the need for a warrant. ](/news/2006/05/11/the-united-states-national-security-agency-is-reported-to-operate-the-largest-database-ever-assembled-in-the-world-containing-a-record-o.md) _Context: National Security Agency, U.S._
8. [The United States launches 60  Tomahawk cruise missiles aimed at the Ash Sha'irat air base in Homs Governorate in response to the Syrian government's alleged use of chemical weapons in its attack on the town of Khan Shaykhun. The Government of Syria claims the attack killed six soldiers and nine civilians, including four children. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-united-states-launches-60-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-aimed-at-the-ash-sha-irat-air-base-in-homs-governorate-in-response-to-the-syrian-gov.md) _Context: U.S._
9. [Hyundai (Sonata and Santa Fe) and Kia (Optima, Sorento, and Sportage) are recalling 1.5 million cars, over 1.3 million in United States and 170,000 in South Korea, over an engine defect. ](/news/2017/04/7/hyundai-sonata-and-santa-fe-and-kia-optima-sorento-and-sportage-are-recalling-1-5-million-cars-over-1-3-million-in-united-states-and.md) _Context: U.S._
10. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: U.S._
