### [2015-11-10](/news/2015/11/10/index.md)

# The United States FBI foils an alleged plot by white supremacists in Virginia who were planning a reign of terror -- shooting or bombing religious institutions, robbing jewelers and armored cars, purchasing land, stockpiling weapons, and training for the "coming race war." 

The plot included plans to bomb and shoot up black churches and Jewish synagogues, as well as a plot to kill a local jewelry dealer and rob an armored car.


### Source:

1. [WTVR](http://wtvr.com/2015/11/09/fbi-foils-alleged-plot-by-chesterfield-white-supremacists-to-incite-race-war/)
2. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/public-safety/feds-white-supremacists-plotted-to-shoot-or-bomb-black-churches-jewish-synagogues/2015/11/10/2a0abbcc-87cf-11e5-be39-0034bb576eee_story.html)
2. [Cover Image](https://localtvwtvr.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/chaney.jpg?quality=85&amp;strip=all)

### Related:

1. [ The United States Federal Bureau of Investigation locates Stanford Financial Group Chairman Allen Stanford in Virginia and serves him with a fraud complaint on behalf of the Securities and Exchange Commission. ](/news/2009/02/19/the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigation-locates-stanford-financial-group-chairman-allen-stanford-in-virginia-and-serves-him-with.md) _Context: FBI, U.S., Virginia_
2. [The U.S. states of North Carolina and Virginia declare a state of emergency over gas shortages as a result of the Colonial pipeline leak in Shelby County, Alabama. ](/news/2016/09/19/the-u-s-states-of-north-carolina-and-virginia-declare-a-state-of-emergency-over-gas-shortages-as-a-result-of-the-colonial-pipeline-leak-in.md) _Context: U.S., Virginia_
3. [Six people are killed and 10 injured when a van crashes in the U.S. state of Virginia. ](/news/2016/06/18/six-people-are-killed-and-10-injured-when-a-van-crashes-in-the-u-s-state-of-virginia.md) _Context: U.S., Virginia_
4. [In the United States, Suffolk County police ask the FBI for more help in their investigation of a possible serial killer who preyed on prostitutes and left their bodies strewn along a Long Island beach in New York. Ten bodies were found along an isolated stretch of the South Shore's Gilgo Beach between December 2010 and April 2011. ](/news/2015/12/10/in-the-united-states-suffolk-county-police-ask-the-fbi-for-more-help-in-their-investigation-of-a-possible-serial-killer-who-preyed-on-prost.md) _Context: FBI, U.S._
5. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: U.S., Virginia_
6. [In the United States, the hacking group Anonymous starts releasing names and information about alleged members of the Ku Klux Klan (KKK), a white-supremacist terrorist group originally founded after the Civil War by former Confederate soldiers. Prominent individuals listed deny the allegations. The group says they also infiltrated KKK-affiliated websites, and warned of more action culminating on November 24, the anniversary of the Ferguson, Missouri grand jury's decision not to indict. ](/news/2015/11/2/in-the-united-states-the-hacking-group-anonymous-starts-releasing-names-and-information-about-alleged-members-of-the-ku-klux-klan-kkk-a.md) _Context: U.S., white supremacist_
7. [Health authorities in the United States say that 53 people in nine states have been sickened in a salmonella outbreak. California is the worst affected state with 31 cases with the other states with cases include Arizona, Illinois, Mississippi, New Mexico, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. ](/news/2015/05/21/health-authorities-in-the-united-states-say-that-53-people-in-nine-states-have-been-sickened-in-a-salmonella-outbreak-california-is-the-wor.md) _Context: U.S., Virginia_
8. [Romanian hacker Guccifer is indicted in absentia in a federal court in the U.S. state of Virginia for hacking into the e-mails of American government officials and family members. ](/news/2014/06/13/romanian-hacker-guccifer-is-indicted-in-absentia-in-a-federal-court-in-the-u-s-state-of-virginia-for-hacking-into-the-e-mails-of-american-g.md) _Context: U.S., Virginia_
9. [Tonya S. Bundick is charged in connection with seventy arsons in Virginia, United States. ](/news/2013/04/2/tonya-s-bundick-is-charged-in-connection-with-seventy-arsons-in-virginia-united-states.md) _Context: U.S., Virginia_
10. [A man suspected of a shooting at the New River Community College in Christiansburg, Virginia, United States, is charged with multiple counts of malicious wounding and use of a firearm during the commission of a felony, and held without bail. ](/news/2013/04/13/a-man-suspected-of-a-shooting-at-the-new-river-community-college-in-christiansburg-virginia-united-states-is-charged-with-multiple-counts.md) _Context: U.S., Virginia_
