### [2005-09-15](/news/2005/09/15/index.md)

#  Australia: The Australian Broadcasting Corporation rushed to air its interview with former Labor Party Opposition leader Mark Latham after fending off legal challenges from News Corporation, publishers of "The Australian" and the "Herald Sun". 




### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://www.abc.net.au/news/newsitems/200509/s1461400.htm)
2. [The Age](http://www.theage.com.au/news/national/legal-battle-to-ban-latham-show-fails/2005/09/15/1126750082275.html)

### Related:

1. [ Mark Latham, leader of Australia's opposition Labor Party, resigns from his position and from parliament due to ill health. Possible replacements include former deputy prime minister Kim Beazley, shadow foreign minister Kevin Rudd and shadow health minister Julia Gillard. ](/news/2005/01/18/mark-latham-leader-of-australia-s-opposition-labor-party-resigns-from-his-position-and-from-parliament-due-to-ill-health-possible-replac.md) _Context: Australia, Labor Party, Mark Latham_
2. [After eight years in power, the Liberal Party is defeated by the Labor Party in a landslide election. Mark McGowan is set to become the Australian state's new Premier. ](/news/2017/03/11/after-eight-years-in-power-the-liberal-party-is-defeated-by-the-labor-party-in-a-landslide-election-mark-mcgowan-is-set-to-become-the-aust.md) _Context: Australia, Labor Party_
3. [Voters go to the polls in the Australian state of Victoria for a state election. The election sees Labor, led by Daniel Andrews, defeat Denis Napthine's Liberal-National Coalition, the first time a one-term government has lost power in the state since 1955. ](/news/2014/11/29/voters-go-to-the-polls-in-the-australian-state-of-victoria-for-a-state-election-the-election-sees-labor-led-by-daniel-andrews-defeat-deni.md) _Context: Australia, Labor Party_
4. [Legal advice clears Governor-General of Australia Mrs. Quentin Bryce to make a decision on who will be the next Prime Minister of Australia despite family ties to Australian Labor Party powerbroker Bill Shorten. ](/news/2010/08/27/legal-advice-clears-governor-general-of-australia-mrs-quentin-bryce-to-make-a-decision-on-who-will-be-the-next-prime-minister-of-australia.md) _Context: Australia, Labor Party_
5. [ News Corp. announces its intent to start charging online customers for news content across all its websites, including "The Times", "The Sun", "The Wall Street Journal", "New York Post" and "Herald Sun". ](/news/2009/08/6/news-corp-announces-its-intent-to-start-charging-online-customers-for-news-content-across-all-its-websites-including-the-times-the-su.md) _Context: Herald Sun, News Corporation_
6. [ Anna Bligh of the Labor Party is reelected Premier of Queensland, Australia. ](/news/2009/03/21/anna-bligh-of-the-labor-party-is-reelected-premier-of-queensland-australia.md) _Context: Australia, Labor Party_
7. [ The national election in Australia results in a change of government, with the Australian Labor Party securing an electoral swing of more than 5%. Kevin Rudd will take office as 26th Prime Minister of Australia and the outgoing Prime Minister John Howard is also likely to lose his seat in parliament. [http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/story/0,25197,22814923-601,00.html (The Australian)] John Howard calls the leader of the Australian Labor Party, Kevin Rudd, on the phone and concedes defeat. ](/news/2007/11/24/the-national-election-in-australia-results-in-a-change-of-government-with-the-australian-labor-party-securing-an-electoral-swing-of-more-t.md) _Context: Australia, Labor Party_
8. [ Elections in the Australian state of New South Wales sees the Australian Labor Party led by Morris Iemma retain government despite a small swing against it. ](/news/2007/03/24/elections-in-the-australian-state-of-new-south-wales-sees-the-australian-labor-party-led-by-morris-iemma-retain-government-despite-a-small.md) _Context: Australia, Labor Party_
9. [ Australian Prime Minister John Howard criticizes U.S. Senator Barack Obama (D-IL) for his stance on Iraq, saying that al-Qaeda in Iraq should be praying for Obama to win the election. The opposition Australian Labor Party says that Howard's statement imperiled the relationship Australia might have with the United States under a Democratic administration. ](/news/2007/02/12/australian-prime-minister-john-howard-criticizes-u-s-senator-barack-obama-d-il-for-his-stance-on-iraq-saying-that-al-qaeda-in-iraq-shou.md) _Context: Australia, Labor Party_
10. [ George Seitz, a Labor Party Member of the state Legislative Assembly in Victoria, Australia, is accused of running an elaborate branch stacking operation to manipulate results in state and federal elections and pre-selections. ](/news/2006/05/13/george-seitz-a-labor-party-member-of-the-state-legislative-assembly-in-victoria-australia-is-accused-of-running-an-elaborate-branch-stac.md) _Context: Australia, Labor Party_
