### [2005-09-15](/news/2005/09/15/index.md)

#  U.S. President George W. Bush addresses the nation from Jackson Square in New Orleans saying: "We have witnessed the kind of devastation no citizen of this great and generous nation should ever have to know. We will do what it takes and stay as long as it takes to help New Orleans to return their community and their lives." He provides the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) phone number to assist families in reuniting: 877-568-3317. 




### Source:

1. [Seattle Post-Intelligencer](http://seattlepi.com/national/apwashington_story.asp?category=1151&slug=Katrina%20Bush)

### Related:

1. [ California wildfires of October 2007:. President George W. Bush declares that an "emergency exists" in areas of California and authorises the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) to coordinate relief. ](/news/2007/10/23/california-wildfires-of-october-2007-president-george-w-bush-declares-that-an-emergency-exists-in-areas-of-california-and-authorises-t.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. Federal Emergency Management Agency_
2. [ U.S. President George W. Bush tours the area devastated by Hurricane Katrina amidst growing criticism of his lack of leadership. Media reports say he will not visit New Orleans. Bush said order would be restored and New Orleans would emerge from its "darkest days". ](/news/2005/09/2/u-s-president-george-w-bush-tours-the-area-devastated-by-hurricane-katrina-amidst-growing-criticism-of-his-lack-of-leadership-media-repo.md) _Context: George W. Bush, New Orleans, Louisiana_
3. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump. President-elect Donald Trump names Tom Price as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services; former President George W. Bush Administration official and wife of Mitch McConnell Elaine Chao as United States Secretary of Transportation; ](/news/2016/11/29/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-donald-trump-names-tom-price-as-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-service.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
4. [One person is killed, and nine others wounded in a mass shooting in the French Quarter section of New Orleans, following the Bayou Classic football game. Police arrest two men, one of whom was injured during the shooting. ](/news/2016/11/27/one-person-is-killed-and-nine-others-wounded-in-a-mass-shooting-in-the-french-quarter-section-of-new-orleans-following-the-bayou-classic-f.md) _Context: French Quarter_
5. [Flint water crisis. The U.S. Federal Emergency Management Agency extends the federal disaster declaration for Flint, Michigan, so water deliveries can continue through mid-August. ](/news/2016/03/26/flint-water-crisis-the-u-s-federal-emergency-management-agency-extends-the-federal-disaster-declaration-for-flint-michigan-so-water-deli.md) _Context: U.S. Federal Emergency Management Agency_
6. [A 20-year-old man is arrested and charged with murder and attempted murder in connection with a June 28 shooting that occurred at Bourbon Street in New Orleans, Louisiana, U.S., which killed one person and wounded 8 others. ](/news/2014/07/4/a-20-year-old-man-is-arrested-and-charged-with-murder-and-attempted-murder-in-connection-with-a-june-28-shooting-that-occurred-at-bourbon-st.md) _Context: New Orleans, Louisiana_
7. [A Gulfstream IV aircraft carrying former President George W. Bush from Philadelphia International Airport to Dallas Love Field is diverted safely to Louisville International Airport when the pilot smells smoke; Bush arrived safely in Dallas early Sunday. ](/news/2013/06/15/a-gulfstream-iv-aircraft-carrying-former-president-george-w-bush-from-philadelphia-international-airport-to-dallas-love-field-is-diverted-s.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
8. [The George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas, Texas, is dedicated in the presence of President of the United States Barack Obama, former president George W. Bush and all living former presidents. The complex will be opened to the public on May 1. ](/news/2013/04/25/the-george-w-bush-presidential-center-in-dallas-texas-is-dedicated-in-the-presence-of-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-former.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
9. [U.S. news magazine "Time" selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those-of.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
10. [HBO issues a public apology for any offence suffered after the use of a severed head in "Game of Thrones"; the head on a spike is said to resemble that of former U.S. president George W. Bush. ](/news/2012/06/14/hbo-issues-a-public-apology-for-any-offence-suffered-after-the-use-of-a-severed-head-in-game-of-thrones-the-head-on-a-spike-is-said-to-re.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
