### [2013-04-12](/news/2013/04/12/index.md)

# 2013 Korean crisis:: South Korea's defense ministry says it doubts North Korea has the ability to launch a nuclear-armed ballistic missile as claimed in a report by the United States Defense Intelligence Agency. 

Pyongyang issued a warning to Tokyo that it if doesn&#8217;t stop its &#8220;hostile posture&#8221; against North Korea, Japan will be the main target if they push through with the threatened war i…


### Source:

1. [AFP via ''Channel NewsAsia](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/asiapacific/s-korea-doubts-north-has/636176.html)
2. [AFP via ''The Economic Times](http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/news-by-industry/et-cetera/japan-vows-response-to-any-scenario-after-nuclear-threat/articleshow/19512563.cms)
3. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/asia-pacific/2013/04/20134125184154599.html)
4. [The Japan Daily Press](http://japandailypress.com/north-korea-threatens-nuclear-strike-on-tokyo-if-japan-intercepts-missile-1226930)

### Related:

1. [Aftermath of the 2013 Korean crisis:: North Korea warns against an underway joint military drill by South Korea and the United States, stating that the exercise could jeopardize a recent easing of tension on the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2013/08/29/aftermath-of-the-2013-korean-crisis-north-korea-warns-against-an-underway-joint-military-drill-by-south-korea-and-the-united-states-stati.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, North Korea, South Korea, United States_
2. [2013 Korean crisis:: A senior South Korean government official says that North Korea may be preparing for its fourth nuclear test, as increased activity is detected at its main test site. However, the South Korean Defence Ministry denied having clear signs that the test may be imminent. ](/news/2013/04/8/2013-korean-crisis-a-senior-south-korean-government-official-says-that-north-korea-may-be-preparing-for-its-fourth-nuclear-test-as-increa.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, North Korea, South Korea, defense ministry_
3. [2013 Korean crisis:: South Korea's Ministry of Unification says that North Korea is denying workers entry to joint-Korean Kaesong complex amid tensions on the peninsula. The Ministry of Defence will consider a military action if the workers' security is threatened. The U.S. Navy sends USS "John McCain" and USS "Decatur" into the area. ](/news/2013/04/3/2013-korean-crisis-south-korea-s-ministry-of-unification-says-that-north-korea-is-denying-workers-entry-to-joint-korean-kaesong-complex-am.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, North Korea, South Korea, defense ministry_
4. [2013 Korean crisis: The annual session of North Korea's Parliament, the Supreme People's Assembly, takes place in Pyongyang, following repeated threats of violence by the leader Kim Jong-Un against South Korea and the United States. Choi Bu-Il is appointed Minister of Internal Security. ](/news/2013/04/1/2013-korean-crisis-the-annual-session-of-north-korea-s-parliament-the-supreme-people-s-assembly-takes-place-in-pyongyang-following-repea.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, North Korea, South Korea, United States_
5. [ South Korea's Defense Ministry reports that North Korea has medium-range ballistic missiles capable of striking U.S. military bases. ](/news/2009/02/23/south-korea-s-defense-ministry-reports-that-north-korea-has-medium-range-ballistic-missiles-capable-of-striking-u-s-military-bases.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States, ballistic missile_
6. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-east.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States_
7. [North Korea-South Korea relations: The United States deploys parts of its Terminal High Altitude Area Defense in South Korea amidst high tension caused by North Korea's escalation of its missile and nuclear weapons programs. ](/news/2017/04/26/north-korea-south-korea-relations-the-united-states-deploys-parts-of-its-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-in-south-korea-amidst-high-t.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States_
8. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: According to South Korean and United States officials, a missile test in North Korea ends in failure, with the missile exploding seconds after launch. ](/news/2017/03/22/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-according-to-south-korean-and-united-states-officials-a-missile-test-in-north-korea-ends-in-fa.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States_
9. [North Korea-South Korea relations: South Korea reports that North Korea has fired three ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2016/09/5/north-korea-south-korea-relations-south-korea-reports-that-north-korea-has-fired-three-ballistic-missiles-into-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, ballistic missile_
10. [North Korea-South Korea relations: South Korea and the United States start annual military drills despite North Korea's threats of nuclear attacks. ](/news/2016/08/22/north-korea-south-korea-relations-south-korea-and-the-united-states-start-annual-military-drills-despite-north-korea-s-threats-of-nuclear.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States_
