### [2013-04-12](/news/2013/04/12/index.md)

# The BBC confirms that it will not be playing "Ding-Dong! The Witch Is Dead" in full when it counts down the UK pop chart on Sunday, saying it finds "distasteful" the timing of the song's rise up the charts in the wake of Margaret Thatcher's death. 

The bitter row over Margaret Thatcher&#039;s legacy continues — and this time it&#039;s spilling onto the BBC&#039;s Top 40 radio program. 


### Source:

1. [The Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/news/world/uk/bbc-will-not-play-ding-dong-in-full-amid-thatcher-campaign-1.1358397)
2. [Time](http://newsfeed.time.com/2013/04/12/ding-dong-the-witch-is-dead-bbc-responds-as-anti-thatcher-campaign-pushes-song-up-the-charts/)

### Related:

1. [Thatcher funeral events:. Downing Street announces the funeral for Margaret Thatcher is scheduled for Wednesday, 17 April. She will be afforded a ceremonial exit, ranking her alongside Diana Spencer and the Queen Mother. ](/news/2013/04/9/thatcher-funeral-events-downing-street-announces-the-funeral-for-margaret-thatcher-is-scheduled-for-wednesday-17-april-she-will-be-affor.md) _Context: Funeral of Margaret Thatcher, Margaret Thatcher_
2. [Death of Margaret Thatcher:. Margaret Thatcher, former British Prime Minister, dies of a stroke at the age of 87 in London. ](/news/2013/04/8/death-of-margaret-thatcher-margaret-thatcher-former-british-prime-minister-dies-of-a-stroke-at-the-age-of-87-in-london.md) _Context: Funeral of Margaret Thatcher, Margaret Thatcher_
3. [Funeral of Margaret Thatcher:. The former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's ceremonial funeral is held in London. ](/news/2013/04/17/funeral-of-margaret-thatcher-the-former-british-prime-minister-margaret-thatcher-s-ceremonial-funeral-is-held-in-london.md) _Context: Funeral of Margaret Thatcher, Margaret Thatcher_
4. [Former Chancellor of Germany Helmut Kohl blames recently deceased former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's hostility towards a closer Europe as the cause for ongoing tensions between the United Kingdom and the European Union. ](/news/2013/04/11/former-chancellor-of-germany-helmut-kohl-blames-recently-deceased-former-british-prime-minister-margaret-thatcher-s-hostility-towards-a-clos.md) _Context: Funeral of Margaret Thatcher, Margaret Thatcher_
5. [Jodie Whittaker has been announced to be replacing Peter Capaldi as the thirteenth incarnation of The Doctor, becoming the first woman to take the lead role of the BBC's long-running science fiction television series, "Doctor Who". ](/news/2017/07/16/jodie-whittaker-has-been-announced-to-be-replacing-peter-capaldi-as-the-thirteenth-incarnation-of-the-doctor-becoming-the-first-woman-to-ta.md) _Context: BBC_
6. [Presidency of Donald Trump. The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents- Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House-s actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/presidency-of-donald-trump-the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-h.md) _Context: BBC_
7. [LaMia Airlines Flight 2933. The BBC reports that leaked audio recordings of air traffic tower tapes indicate that the LaMia Airlines flight was running out of fuel near the Colombian city of Medellin. ](/news/2016/11/30/lamia-airlines-flight-2933-the-bbc-reports-that-leaked-audio-recordings-of-air-traffic-tower-tapes-indicate-that-the-lamia-airlines-flight.md) _Context: BBC_
8. [North Korea-United Kingdom relations. Rupert Wingfield-Hayes, the BBC's Tokyo correspondent, was detained in North Korea before being expelled by the government for "speaking very ill of the system". ](/news/2016/05/9/north-korea-united-kingdom-relations-rupert-wingfield-hayes-the-bbc-s-tokyo-correspondent-was-detained-in-north-korea-before-being-expe.md) _Context: BBC_
9. [Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal. A report by Dame Janet Smith finds that management at the BBC staff knew of complaints against Jimmy Savile but did not advise senior management due to a "culture of fear". ](/news/2016/02/25/jimmy-savile-sexual-abuse-scandal-a-report-by-dame-janet-smith-finds-that-management-at-the-bbc-staff-knew-of-complaints-against-jimmy-savi.md) _Context: BBC_
10. [Global surveillance disclosures (2013-present). Edward Snowden. NSA documents show the US and UK spied on Israeli military drones and fighter jets. ](/news/2016/01/30/global-surveillance-disclosures-2013-present-edward-snowden-nsa-documents-show-the-us-and-uk-spied-on-israeli-military-drones-and-figh.md) _Context: UK_
