### [2013-04-12](/news/2013/04/12/index.md)

# Thirteen soldiers of the Afghan National Army are killed and one is injured in an ambush in the eastern Kunar Province. 

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/taliban-attack-kills-13-afghan-soldiers-18938211)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2013/04/12/world/asia/afghanistan-soldiers-killed)

### Related:

1. [Taliban militants attack an Afghan National Army base in Shah Wali Kot District, Kandahar Province, killing at least 15 soldiers. ](/news/2017/05/26/taliban-militants-attack-an-afghan-national-army-base-in-shah-wali-kot-district-kandahar-province-killing-at-least-15-soldiers.md) _Context: Afghan National Army_
2. [The Afghan Minister of Defense, Abdullah Habibi and the Chief of Staff of the Afghan National Army, Qadam Shah Shahim, resign after a Taliban attack on Camp Shaheen near Mazar-i-Sharif that claimed over 140 lives. ](/news/2017/04/24/the-afghan-minister-of-defense-abdullah-habibi-and-the-chief-of-staff-of-the-afghan-national-army-qadam-shah-shahim-resign-after-a-taliba.md) _Context: Afghan National Army_
3. [Taliban insurgents attack an Afghan military base in Mazar-e-Sharif, Balkh Province, killing more than 140 soldiers. It is said to be the deadliest attack of its kind ](/news/2017/04/21/taliban-insurgents-attack-an-afghan-military-base-in-mazar-e-sharif-balkh-province-killing-more-than-140-soldiers-it-is-said-to-be-the-de.md) _Context: Afghan National Army_
4. [ David Gilkey, an NPR photojournalist and a 2015 winner of the Edward R. Murrow Award, and Afghan journalist and translator Zabihullah Tamanna are killed when the Afghan army unit they were accompanying comes under fire near Marjah in Helmand Province. ](/news/2016/06/5/david-gilkey-an-npr-photojournalist-and-a-2015-winner-of-the-edward-r-murrow-award-and-afghan-journalist-and-translator-zabihullah-taman.md) _Context: Afghan National Army_
5. [Afghan and Pakistani soldiers clash at the Torkham border crossing between the two countries, leaving one Afghan soldier and a Pakistani major killed. At least 22 other people were also injured. Tensions between Afghanistan and Pakistan have grown since the latter's attempts to build a gate at the crossing. ](/news/2016/06/14/afghan-and-pakistani-soldiers-clash-at-the-torkham-border-crossing-between-the-two-countries-leaving-one-afghan-soldier-and-a-pakistani-maj.md) _Context: Afghan National Army_
6. [A suicide bomber kills at least 26 and injures nearly 50 in Afghanistan's eastern Kunar Province near the border with Pakistan. ](/news/2016/02/27/a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-26-and-injures-nearly-50-in-afghanistan-s-eastern-kunar-province-near-the-border-with-pakistan.md) _Context: Kunar Province_
7. [The United States says that last month's airstrikes in Kunduz hit three locations, mistakenly including the Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) (MSF) hospital where at least 30 were killed. Afghan commanders, whose forces were actively engaged with the Taliban, requested the attacks. "The Washington Post" reports a warehouse and a mansion in two densely populated residential areas were "pulverized" without loss of civilian lives. According to residents, earlier their neighborhoods had been conflict zones, but no militants were there the time of the attacks. "Together, the three attacks raise questions about the quality and reliability of the intelligence that Afghan security forces are providing to their American partners, as well as U.S. decisions to act on that intelligence," writes the Post. ](/news/2015/11/4/the-united-states-says-that-last-month-s-airstrikes-in-kunduz-hit-three-locations-mistakenly-including-the-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doct.md) _Context: Afghan National Army_
8. [The U.S.-led coalition dispatches American troops to Kunduz to help Afghan forces combat Taliban militants. ](/news/2015/09/30/the-u-s-led-coalition-dispatches-american-troops-to-kunduz-to-help-afghan-forces-combat-taliban-militants.md) _Context: Afghan National Army_
9. [In a friendly fire incident, a NATO air strike hits an Afghan National Army outpost in Logar Province, about 30 miles east of Kabul, with at least seven soldiers killed and five wounded. ](/news/2015/07/20/in-a-friendly-fire-incident-a-nato-air-strike-hits-an-afghan-national-army-outpost-in-logar-province-about-30-miles-east-of-kabul-with-at.md) _Context: Afghan National Army_
10. [Fifteen Taliban militants, including the shadow governor for Kunar Province, are killed in a NATO airstrike. ](/news/2015/06/14/fifteen-taliban-militants-including-the-shadow-governor-for-kunar-province-are-killed-in-a-nato-airstrike.md) _Context: Kunar Province_
