### [2014-06-3](/news/2014/06/3/index.md)

# 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:: Heavy fighting between the Ukrainian military and pro-Russian militants takes place in and around the rebel-held eastern city of Sloviansk. 

Heavy fighting is taking place in and around the rebel-held city of Sloviansk in eastern Ukraine, Ukrainian and Russian media report.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-27679626)

### Related:

1. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine and the Siege of Sloviansk: A Ukrainian military helicopter patrolling around the eastern city of Sloviansk is shot down; all of the pilots survived and were later rescued. ](/news/2014/05/5/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-and-the-siege-of-sloviansk-a-ukrainian-military-helicopter-patrolling-around-the-eastern-city-of-slovian.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Eastern Ukraine, Sloviansk_
2. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine and the Siege of Sloviansk: The Armed Forces of Ukraine launch a military operation against separatists in the city of Sloviansk with claims of many deaths and two Ukrainian Army helicopters downed. In the port city of Odessa, violent clashes kill at least 42 people, as pro-Ukrainians set the pro-Russian headquarters on fire. ](/news/2014/05/2/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-and-the-siege-of-sloviansk-the-armed-forces-of-ukraine-launch-a-military-operation-against-separatists-i.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Sloviansk, Ukrainian military_
3. [War in Donbass: A Ukrainian military spokesman says three of its soldiers were killed by a mortar attack in the country's east, the heaviest toll reported in the region in nearly two months. ](/news/2016/04/20/war-in-donbass-a-ukrainian-military-spokesman-says-three-of-its-soldiers-were-killed-by-a-mortar-attack-in-the-country-s-east-the-heaviest.md) _Context: Eastern Ukraine, Ukrainian military_
4. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: At least three people die in a new round of fighting between the Armed Forces of Ukraine and pro-Russian separatists. ](/news/2014/11/26/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-at-least-three-people-die-in-a-new-round-of-fighting-between-the-armed-forces-of-ukraine-and-pro-russian.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Ukrainian military_
5. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: Ukrainian forces in recently reclaimed city of Sloviansk discover documents that show pro-Russian insurgent leader Igor Strelkov handed down at least four death sentences under a Stalin-era law of 1941. ](/news/2014/07/11/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-ukrainian-forces-in-recently-reclaimed-city-of-sloviansk-discover-documents-that-show-pro-russian-insurg.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Sloviansk_
6. [2014 pro-Russian conflict in Ukraine:: Separatists capture two Ukrainian Military bases in Luhansk Oblast as fighting continues near the rebel-held town of Sloviansk. ](/news/2014/06/4/2014-pro-russian-conflict-in-ukraine-separatists-capture-two-ukrainian-military-bases-in-luhansk-oblast-as-fighting-continues-near-the-reb.md) _Context: Sloviansk, Ukrainian military_
7. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:: Valery Bolotov, a leader of the separatist movement in the eastern city of Luhansk, is wounded in an assassination attempt by an unknown assailant. ](/news/2014/05/13/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-valery-bolotov-a-leader-of-the-separatist-movement-in-the-eastern-city-of-luhansk-is-wounded-in-an-as.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Eastern Ukraine_
8. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:: Pro-Russian militants seize the regional prosecutor's office in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk. ](/news/2014/05/1/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-pro-russian-militants-seize-the-regional-prosecutor-s-office-in-the-eastern-ukrainian-city-of-donetsk.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Eastern Ukraine_
9. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:: Pro-Russian militants in the eastern Ukrainian city of Luhansk seize the regional administration's headquarters, resulting in a tense standoff with the militants and security personnel. ](/news/2014/04/29/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-pro-russian-militants-in-the-eastern-ukrainian-city-of-luhansk-seize-the-regional-administration-s-head.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Eastern Ukraine_
10. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:: The Ukrainian government says it's regained control of the city hall in the eastern port of Mariupol from pro-Russian separatists. Administrative buildings have been taken over in at least a dozen towns in Eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2014/04/24/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-the-ukrainian-government-says-it-s-regained-control-of-the-city-hall-in-the-eastern-port-of-mariupol-fr.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Eastern Ukraine_
