### [2014-06-3](/news/2014/06/3/index.md)

# Syrian presidential election, 2014:Voters in Syria go to the polls for a presidential election with incumbent President Bashar al-Assad all but certain to win amidst an opposition boycott. On Wednesday, the Syrian government claimed that he had won with 88.7% of the vote. 

President Bashar al-Assad has secured a landslide victory in a wartime election that was condemned as a sham by his opponents but demonstrated his tenacious hold on power after three years of brutal civil war.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/06/04/us-syria-crisis-idUSKBN0EF25520140604?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)
2. [AFP via GlobalPost](http://www.globalpost.com/dispatch/news/afp/140602/assad-eyes-crushing-win-controversial-syria-vote)

### Related:

1. [The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons says, for the first time, that they suspect Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and other senior officials of the Syrian government are responsible for the use of chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/01/13/the-organisation-for-the-prohibition-of-chemical-weapons-says-for-the-first-time-that-they-suspect-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-and-ot.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syrian President_
2. [ A group of German lawyers files a criminal complaint in Berlin against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad for alleged war crimes committed by his forces and foreign allies during the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2016/11/28/a-group-of-german-lawyers-files-a-criminal-complaint-in-berlin-against-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-for-alleged-war-crimes-committed-by.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syrian President_
3. [Syrian President Bashar al-Assad says he will not negotiate with armed groups, a day after the Syrian opposition's multi-group, two-day meeting in Riyadh agreed on a framework for future negotiations to end the conflict. Assad's statement also appears to put a damper on peace talks Russia and the United States are working to set up. ](/news/2015/12/11/syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-says-he-will-not-negotiate-with-armed-groups-a-day-after-the-syrian-opposition-s-multi-group-two-day-meet.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syrian President_
4. [U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says new talks aimed to help end Syria's war shouldn't be held up by wrangling over whether President Bashar Assad stays or goes. ](/news/2015/10/31/u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-new-talks-aimed-to-help-end-syria-s-war-shouldn-t-be-held-up-by-wrangling-over-whether-president-bas.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syrian President_
5. [The President of Syria Bashar al-Assad visits Moscow for talks with the President of Russia Vladimir Putin in an unannounced visit. ](/news/2015/10/21/the-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-visits-moscow-for-talks-with-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-in-an-unannounced-visit.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syrian President_
6. [An arrest warrant is issued for the cousin of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, Suleiman Hilal Al-Assad, who is accused of shooting and killing Colonel Hassan Al-Sheikh of the Syrian Armed Forces at what can be described as a traffic dispute. ](/news/2015/08/9/an-arrest-warrant-is-issued-for-the-cousin-of-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-suleiman-hilal-al-assad-who-is-accused-of-shooting-and-kill.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syrian President_
7. [Israeli security forces claim that Hezbollah and forces loyal to the President of Syria Bashar al-Assad are responsible for firing rockets from Syrian territory onto the Golan Heights into the mount Hermon sky resort. ](/news/2015/01/27/israeli-security-forces-claim-that-hezbollah-and-forces-loyal-to-the-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-are-responsible-for-firing-rockets-f.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syrian President_
8. [Syrian civil war:President Bashar al-Assad said he will allow international experts to access chemical weapons sites. ](/news/2013/09/23/syrian-civil-war-ppresident-bashar-al-assad-said-he-will-allow-international-experts-to-access-chemical-weapons-sites.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syrian President_
9. [Syrian civil war:For the first time since the start of the Syrian civil war, President Bashar al-Assad's government offers to talk with rebels in hopes of a diplomatic solution to the conflict. ](/news/2013/02/25/syrian-civil-war-pfor-the-first-time-since-the-start-of-the-syrian-civil-war-president-bashar-al-assad-s-government-offers-to-talk-with-reb.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syrian President_
10. [Syrian civil war:The President of Syria Bashar al-Assad delivers a rare television appearance addressing the Syrian crisis and denounces the Syrian rebels as "enemies of God and puppets of the West". It is his first television appearance since June 2012. ](/news/2013/01/6/syrian-civil-war-pthe-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-delivers-a-rare-television-appearance-addressing-the-syrian-crisis-and-denounces-th.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syrian President_
