
Formats: [HTML](/news/2015/04/20/the-pulitzer-prize-awards-are-presented-with-the-the-post-and-courier-of-charleston-south-carolina-winning-the-prestigious-gold-medal-fo.html)  [JSON](/news/2015/04/20/the-pulitzer-prize-awards-are-presented-with-the-the-post-and-courier-of-charleston-south-carolina-winning-the-prestigious-gold-medal-fo.json)  [XML](/news/2015/04/20/the-pulitzer-prize-awards-are-presented-with-the-the-post-and-courier-of-charleston-south-carolina-winning-the-prestigious-gold-medal-fo.xml)  

### [2015-04-20](/news/2015/04/20/index.md)

##### 2015 Pulitzer Prize
# The Pulitzer Prize awards are presented, with the "The Post and Courier" of Charleston, South Carolina winning the prestigious gold medal for public service for a series on domestic violence in the US state of South Carolina. [https:--www.nytimes.com-2015-04-21-business-media-pulitzer-prize-winners-2015.html ("New York Times")]Anthony Doerr's World War II novel "All the Light We Cannot See" wins the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. [http:--edition.cnn.com-2015-04-20-living-feat-pulitzer-prize-winners-arts-letters-2015- (CNN)]Elizabeth Kolbert's "The Sixth Extinction: An Unnatural History" was a winner of the Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction




### Changes:

1. [The Pulitzer Prize awards are presented, with the ''The Post and Courier'' of Charleston, South Carolina winning the prestigious gold medal for public service for a series on domestic violence in the US state of South Carolina. ](/news/2015/04/20/the-pulitzer-prize-awards-are-presented-with-the-the-post-and-courier-of-charleston-south-carolina-winning-the-prestigious-gold-medal.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:27 (First version)_
2. [2015 Pulitzer Prize: The Pulitzer Prize awards are presented, with the "The Post and Courier" of Charleston, South Carolina winning the prestigious gold medal for public service for a series on domestic violence in the US state of South Carolina. [http:--www.nytimes.com-2015-04-21-business-media-pulitzer-prize-winners-2015.html ("New York Times")]: Anthony Doerr's World War II novel "All the Light We Cannot See" wins the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. [http:--edition.cnn.com-2015-04-20-living-feat-pulitzer-prize-winners-arts-letters-2015- (CNN)]: Elizabeth Kolbert's "The Sixth Extinction: An Unnatural History" was a winner of the Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction](/news/2015/04/20/2015-pulitzer-prize-the-pulitzer-prize-awards-are-presented-with-the-the-post-and-courier-of-charleston-south-carolina-winning-the-pres.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:27 (Update)_
2. [The Pulitzer Prize awards are presented, with the "The Post and Courier" of Charleston, South Carolina winning the prestigious gold medal for public service for a series on domestic violence in the US state of South Carolina. [https:--www.nytimes.com-2015-04-21-business-media-pulitzer-prize-winners-2015.html ("New York Times")]Anthony Doerr's World War II novel "All the Light We Cannot See" wins the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. [http:--edition.cnn.com-2015-04-20-living-feat-pulitzer-prize-winners-arts-letters-2015- (CNN)]Elizabeth Kolbert's "The Sixth Extinction: An Unnatural History" was a winner of the Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction](/news/2015/04/20/the-pulitzer-prize-awards-are-presented-with-the-the-post-and-courier-of-charleston-south-carolina-winning-the-prestigious-gold-medal-fo.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [The United States National Hurricane Center issues a tropical storm warning for parts of South Carolina as the newly upgraded Tropical Storm Bonnie, at 5 p.m. EDT about 125 miles from Charleston, South Carolina, moves northwest toward the Atlantic Coast. ](/news/2016/05/28/the-united-states-national-hurricane-center-issues-a-tropical-storm-warning-for-parts-of-south-carolina-as-the-newly-upgraded-tropical-storm.md) _Context: Charleston, South Carolina, South Carolina_
2. [U.S. scientists plan to rotate the Confederate submarine, the "H. L. Hunley", buried in the outer harbour of Charleston, South Carolina so that they can examine it more closely. ](/news/2010/08/6/u-s-scientists-plan-to-rotate-the-confederate-submarine-the-h-l-hunley-buried-in-the-outer-harbour-of-charleston-south-carolina-so-t.md) _Context: Charleston, South Carolina, South Carolina_
3. [ Nine firefighters are killed in a collapse at a furniture warehouse blaze in Charleston, South Carolina, the largest loss of firefighters in the United States in one incident since the collapse of the World Trade Center in 2001.](/news/2007/06/18/nine-firefighters-are-killed-in-a-collapse-at-a-furniture-warehouse-blaze-in-charleston-south-carolina-the-largest-loss-of-firefighters-i.md) _Context: Charleston, South Carolina, South Carolina_
4. [A search team led by Paul Allen's company Vulcan, Inc., using his research vessel "Petrel", announces the discovery of the wreck of the USS "Lexington" (CV-2) about 800 km off the eastern coast of Australia at a depth of around 3 km. The aircraft carrier was lost in the Battle of the Coral Sea during World War II. ](/news/2018/03/5/a-search-team-led-by-paul-allen-s-company-vulcan-inc-using-his-research-vessel-petrel-announces-the-discovery-of-the-wreck-of-the-uss.md) _Context: World War II_
5. [Police arrest a man at the Freedom Monument displaying a poster of soldiers killing Jews as a protest against an annual march in Riga, Latvia, honoring two Latvian SS divisions during World War II. ](/news/2018/03/16/police-arrest-a-man-at-the-freedom-monument-displaying-a-poster-of-soldiers-killing-jews-as-a-protest-against-an-annual-march-in-riga-latvi.md) _Context: World War II_
