### [2002-11-7](/news/2002/11/7/index.md)

# Colombian drug lord Gilberto Rodrguez Orejuela, one of the leaders of the Cali drug cartel, was released from prison (for "good behavior") after serving less than half of his sentence, despite objections from the governments of Colombia and the United States.




### Related:

1. [A gunman kills eight people in a bar in the Colombian city of Cali. ](/news/2013/11/9/a-gunman-kills-eight-people-in-a-bar-in-the-colombian-city-of-cali.md) _Context: Cali, Colombia_
2. [Voters in Colombia go to the polls for local gubernatorial and mayoral elections, including the mayors of Bogot, Medelln, and Cali. ](/news/2011/10/30/voters-in-colombia-go-to-the-polls-for-local-gubernatorial-and-mayoral-elections-including-the-mayors-of-bogota-medellin-and-cali.md) _Context: Cali, Colombia_
3. [Colombia-Venezuela relations: Censorship in Venezuela: Venezuela's National Commission of Telecommunications (Conatel) takes Colombian television channels Caracol Television and RCN Television off air due to their coverage of the 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. ](/news/2017/08/24/colombia-venezuela-relations-censorship-in-venezuela-venezuela-s-national-commission-of-telecommunications-conatel-takes-colombian-tel.md) _Context: Colombia_
4. [Maritime incidents in 2017: At least nine people are killed and about 30 others are missing after their multi-story tourist boat, carrying about 170 people, sinks in a reservoir in northwest Colombia near Medellin. ](/news/2017/06/25/maritime-incidents-in-2017-at-least-nine-people-are-killed-and-about-30-others-are-missing-after-their-multi-story-tourist-boat-carrying-a.md) _Context: Colombia_
5. [Population displacement: The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five. ](/news/2017/06/19/population-displacement-the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2.md) _Context: Colombia_
6. [Colombian conflict: A suspected terrorist bomb explosion in an Andino shopping mall's ladies room in Bogota, Colombia, kills three women and injures at least 11. ](/news/2017/06/17/colombian-conflict-a-suspected-terrorist-bomb-explosion-in-an-andino-shopping-mall-s-ladies-room-in-bogota-colombia-kills-three-women-an.md) _Context: Colombia_
7. [2014-17 Venezuelan protests: Venezuelan authorities report 12 people were killed overnight in the capital Caracas, mostly in the El Valle working class neighborhood where 54 people, including newborn babies, were forced to evacuate a maternity hospital. Others have fled to Colombia. This death toll during the three weeks of anti-government protests is 20. ](/news/2017/04/21/2014-17-venezuelan-protests-venezuelan-authorities-report-12-people-were-killed-overnight-in-the-capital-caracas-mostly-in-the-el-valle.md) _Context: Colombia_
8. [At least 17 people are killed after an Andean landslide strikes the Colombian city of Manizales. ](/news/2017/04/19/at-least-17-people-are-killed-after-an-andean-landslide-strikes-the-colombian-city-of-manizales.md) _Context: Colombia_
9. [2017 Putumayo landslide: A landslide in Colombia's southwestern border department of Putumayo sends mud and debris crashing onto houses killing over 250 people and injuring at least 400 others. In addition, 200 people are missing. ](/news/2017/04/1/2017-putumayo-landslide-a-landslide-in-colombia-s-southwestern-border-department-of-putumayo-sends-mud-and-debris-crashing-onto-houses-kill.md) _Context: Colombia_
10. [An explosion kills one and injures at least 30 people, mostly police officers preparing for the weekly anti-bullfighting protests in Bogota, Colombia. Bullfighting resumed last month after a four-year lull, per a Supreme Court order. Responsibility has not been determined. ](/news/2017/02/19/an-explosion-kills-one-and-injures-at-least-30-people-mostly-police-officers-preparing-for-the-weekly-anti-bullfighting-protests-in-bogota.md) _Context: Colombia_
