### [2007-09-2](/news/2007/09/2/index.md)

#  The spokeswoman of the Chinese Foreign Ministry announces that China will report military expenditures to the United Nations Register of Conventional Arms. 




### Source:

1. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/2007-09/02/content_6648982.htm)

### Related:

1. [Philippines Foreign Secretary Albert del Rosario says Chinese coast guard ships that were sighted two weeks ago near the disputed Jackson Atoll in the northeast Dangerous Ground are no longer there today.  Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hong Lei said ships were dispatched to the area in late 2015 to salvage a fishing vessel that posed a risk to navigation. Chinese ships, "... persuaded fishing boats to leave the waters in an effort to ensure safety conditions for normal navigation," Hong said.  In addition to  China and the Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Taiwan, and Brunei also lay claim to the Spratly Islands waters. ](/news/2016/03/2/philippines-foreign-secretary-albert-del-rosario-says-chinese-coast-guard-ships-that-were-sighted-two-weeks-ago-near-the-disputed-jackson-at.md) _Context: Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson_
2. [China's Foreign Ministry announces French journalist Ursula Gauthier of news magazine L'Obs would not be issued press credentials for 2016, effectively expelling her at the end of month. Gauthier allegedly made speculative reports on the deadly attack at a coal mine in Xinjiang. ](/news/2015/12/26/china-s-foreign-ministry-announces-french-journalist-ursula-gauthier-of-news-magazine-l-obs-would-not-be-issued-press-credentials-for-2016.md) _Context: Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson_
3. [China summons Kaye Lee, the U.S. deputy chief of mission in Beijing, to protest Washington's announcement that it is selling two warships to Taiwan as part of a $1.83 billion arms deal. U.S. state department spokesman John Kirby says the sale is consistent with the 1979 Taiwan Relations Act while Chinese Vice-Foreign Minister Zheng Zequang threatens to impose sanctions on U.S. firms because the proposed sale "severely damaged China's sovereignty and security interests." ](/news/2015/12/17/china-summons-kaye-lee-the-u-s-deputy-chief-of-mission-in-beijing-to-protest-washington-s-announcement-that-it-is-selling-two-warships-to.md) _Context: Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson_
4. [Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Liu Zhenmin says the United States was making political provocations with its patrols in the disputed South China Sea. He also says China is building military facilities on islands and reefs in the South China Sea as part of its national defense policy. Yesterday, U.S. President Barack Obama said, for the sake of regional stability,  countries should stop building artificial islands and militarizing their claims in this sea. ](/news/2015/11/22/chinese-vice-foreign-minister-liu-zhenmin-says-the-united-states-was-making-political-provocations-with-its-patrols-in-the-disputed-south-ch.md) _Context: Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson_
5. [Japan's prime minister Shinzo Abe says he is considering sending Japanese Navy warships to the South China Sea to back-up U.S. naval operations, saying, "With regard to activity by the Self-Defense Forces in the South China Sea, I will consider it while focusing on what effect the situation has on Japan's security." In response, China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson, Hong Lei, told Chinese state media that China will remain on "high alert for intervention by Japan in the South China Sea issue". ](/news/2015/11/21/japan-s-prime-minister-shinza-abe-says-he-is-considering-sending-japanese-navy-warships-to-the-south-china-sea-to-back-up-u-s-naval-operat.md) _Context: Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson_
6. [China vows to "bring to justice" those responsible for executing one of its citizens after the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant said it had killed a Chinese hostage. China's Foreign Ministry also confirms the hostage's identity for the first time, naming him as Fan Jinghui. ](/news/2015/11/19/china-vows-to-bring-to-justice-those-responsible-for-executing-one-of-its-citizens-after-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-said-it.md) _Context: Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson_
7. [A United States Navy ship, the USS ''Lassen'', sails near the Spratly Islands, challenging Beijing's claim that the islands are Chinese territory. China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs strongly condemned the actions of the United States in the South China Sea, saying "China will firmly react to this deliberate provocation". ](/news/2015/10/27/a-united-states-navy-ship-the-uss-lassen-sails-near-the-spratly-islands-challenging-beijing-s-claim-that-the-islands-are-chinese-terr.md) _Context: Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson_
8. [The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China files a protest after two American jet fighters landed on April 1 at an air base in Taiwan. ](/news/2015/04/2/the-ministry-of-foreign-affairs-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-files-a-protest-after-two-american-jet-fighters-landed-on-april-1-at-an-ai.md) _Context: Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson_
9. [The People's Republic of China announces plans to increase defense spending by 11.2 per cent in 2012. ](/news/2012/03/4/the-people-s-republic-of-china-announces-plans-to-increase-defense-spending-by-11-2-per-cent-in-2012.md) _Context: defense spending_
10. [The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China rejects accusations by Google that it is blocking access to Gmail in China. ](/news/2011/03/22/the-ministry-of-foreign-affairs-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-rejects-accusations-by-google-that-it-is-blocking-access-to-gmail-in-china.md) _Context: Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson_
