### [2005-11-6](/news/2005/11/6/index.md)

#  A bomb explosion near a convoy of cars carrying Somalia's Prime Minister Ali Mohammed Ghedi in Mogadishu. Although the PM escapes unhurt, 9 people have been killed and 20 others wounded. [http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L06777799.htm (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 20:57, 14 January 2007 (UTC)) 




### Related:

1. [ Ali Mohammed Ghedi, the interim Prime Minister of Somalia, says he plans to create a Green Zone in Mogadishu and criticizes the United Nations for giving "so much emphasis on Darfur and not to Somalia". ](/news/2007/08/15/ali-mohammed-ghedi-the-interim-prime-minister-of-somalia-says-he-plans-to-create-a-green-zone-in-mogadishu-and-criticizes-the-united-nati.md) _Context: Ali Mohammed Ghedi, Mogadishu, Prime Minister of Somalia, Somalian_
2. [Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed, Prime Minister of the United Nations-backed Transitional Federal Government of Somalia, calls on UN agencies basing themselves in Kenya for safety reasons to move to Mogadishu within three months, citing the presence of UN agencies in "more dangerous" cities such as Kabul and Baghdad. ](/news/2011/04/5/mohamed-abdullahi-mohamed-prime-minister-of-the-united-nations-backed-transitional-federal-government-of-somalia-calls-on-un-agencies-basi.md) _Context: Mogadishu, Prime Minister of Somalia, Somalian_
3. [ War in Somalia: Somali Prime Minister Ali Mohammed Ghedi modifies the roster of the Transitional Federal Government by removing army chief-of-staff Ismail Qasim Naji and assigning him as ambassador to Oman, while also appointing new ambassadors to Kenya, Djibouti, and Yemen. Meanwhile, the Somali People's Resistance Movement emerges as an insurgency movement out of the underground members of the Islamic Courts Union. ](/news/2007/02/10/war-in-somalia-somali-prime-minister-ali-mohammed-ghedi-modifies-the-roster-of-the-transitional-federal-government-by-removing-army-chief.md) _Context: Ali Mohammed Ghedi, Prime Minister of Somalia, Somalian_
4. [ An explosion in a football stadium in Mogadishu, Somalia kills 15 people when new prime minister Ali Mohammed Ghedi begins his speech. Authorities later state that a security guard accidentally set off a grenade. ](/news/2005/05/3/an-explosion-in-a-football-stadium-in-mogadishu-somalia-kills-15-people-when-new-prime-minister-ali-mohammed-ghedi-begins-his-speech-auth.md) _Context: Ali Mohammed Ghedi, Mogadishu, Somalian_
5. [Al-Shabaab militants attack a military base outside the Somalian capital Mogadishu, with 15 soldiers reported dead. ](/news/2017/09/29/al-shabaab-militants-attack-a-military-base-outside-the-somalian-capital-mogadishu-with-15-soldiers-reported-dead.md) _Context: Mogadishu, Somalian_
6. [A United States Navy SEAL is killed, becoming the first U.S. service member killed in Somalia since 1993, and three others are injured in a gunfight with al-Shabaab militants, west of Mogadishu. ](/news/2017/05/6/a-united-states-navy-seal-is-killed-becoming-the-first-u-s-service-member-killed-in-somalia-since-1993-and-three-others-are-injured-in-a.md) _Context: Mogadishu, Somalian_
7. [Somali Public Works Minister Abbas Abdullahi Sheikh Siraji is shot and killed inside his vehicle by security forces near the Villa Somalia in the capital Mogadishu, after mistaking him for a militant. ](/news/2017/05/3/somali-public-works-minister-abbas-abdullahi-sheikh-siraji-is-shot-and-killed-inside-his-vehicle-by-security-forces-near-the-villa-somalia-i.md) _Context: Mogadishu, Somalian_
8. [Somali police say at least seven are dead after clashes as Somali and African Union troops pushed back al-Shabab extremists from Afgooye, a town near Mogadishu. ](/news/2016/10/18/somali-police-say-at-least-seven-are-dead-after-clashes-as-somali-and-african-union-troops-pushed-back-al-shabab-extremists-from-afgooye-a.md) _Context: Mogadishu, Somalian_
9. [A suspected Al-Shabab suicide bomber blows open the gate of Mogadishu's Nasa-Hablod hotel in Somalia, before militant fighters storm the building. Officials said at least 15 were killed, 25 injured, and an unknown number of guests were taken hostage. ](/news/2016/06/25/a-suspected-al-shabab-suicide-bomber-blows-open-the-gate-of-mogadishu-s-nasa-hablod-hotel-in-somalia-before-militant-fighters-storm-the-bui.md) _Context: Mogadishu, Somalian_
10. [At least 16 people are killed and 55 injured in an attack on a hotel in Mogadishu, Somalia. Al-Shabaab claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/06/1/at-least-16-people-are-killed-and-55-injured-in-an-attack-on-a-hotel-in-mogadishu-somalia-al-shabaab-claims-responsibility.md) _Context: Mogadishu, Somalian_
