### [2005-11-6](/news/2005/11/6/index.md)

#  Former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori arrives in Santiago, Chile after being exiled in Japan since 2000. Although he is the subject of an Interpol arrest warrant, the Chilean government said he cannot be arrested without an order from a Chilean judge. Fujimori arrives at a time of tension between Chile and Peru over sea boundaries. [http://www.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/americas/11/06/chile.fujimori.ap/index.html (CNN)] (Link dead as of 22:17, 14 January 2007 (UTC))




### Related:

1. [ A Chilean court rejects the extradition of former Peruvian President Alberto Fujimori. ](/news/2007/07/11/a-chilean-court-rejects-the-extradition-of-former-peruvian-president-alberto-fujimori.md) _Context: Alberto Fujimori, Chile, Peru, President_
2. [The United States Congress negotiates a deal to fast track the Trans-Pacific Partnership between the US and Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/04/16/the-united-states-congress-negotiates-a-deal-to-fast-track-the-trans-pacific-partnership-between-the-us-and-australia-brunei-canada-chile.md) _Context: Chile, Japan, Peru_
3. [ Chilean Supreme Court approves extradition of Peruvian ex-president Alberto Fujimori on numerous charges, including the massacres of Barrios Altos and La Cantuta. ](/news/2007/09/21/chilean-supreme-court-approves-extradition-of-peruvian-ex-president-alberto-fujimori-on-numerous-charges-including-the-massacres-of-barrio.md) _Context: Alberto Fujimori, Chile, Peru_
4. [ Alberto Fujimori, former President of Peru, is arrested in Chile whilst a Chilean judge considers a Peruvian extradition request. ](/news/2005/11/7/alberto-fujimori-former-president-of-peru-is-arrested-in-chile-whilst-a-chilean-judge-considers-a-peruvian-extradition-request.md) _Context: Alberto Fujimori, Chile, Peru_
5. [ The Peruvian government condemns supreme court decision to drop the case of former president Alberto Fujimori for forging signatures for 2000 elections ](/news/2005/06/22/the-peruvian-government-condemns-supreme-court-decision-to-drop-the-case-of-former-president-alberto-fujimori-for-forging-signatures-for-20.md) _Context: 2000, Alberto Fujimori, Peru_
6. [A judge in Peru issues an arrest warrant for former President Alejandro Toledo for allegedly receiving US$20 million in bribes from Odebrecht, a Brazilian construction company, in exchange for a contract deal to build a transoceanic highway between Brazil and the Peruvian coast. Toledo denies any wrongdoing. ](/news/2017/02/10/a-judge-in-peru-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-president-alejandro-toledo-for-allegedly-receiving-us-20-million-in-bribes-from-odebrech.md) _Context: Peru, President_
7. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Japan, Peru_
8. [The President of Peru Ollanta Humala recalls the ambassador to Chile over spying allegations. ](/news/2015/02/21/the-president-of-peru-ollanta-humala-recalls-the-ambassador-to-chile-over-spying-allegations.md) _Context: Chile, President_
9. [A 6.2-magnitude earthquake strikes the Peruvian&ndash;Chilean border, causing power cuts but no serious immediate damage. No casualties have been reported. ](/news/2012/05/14/a-6-2-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-the-peruvian-ndash-chilean-border-causing-power-cuts-but-no-serious-immediate-damage-no-casualties-have.md) _Context: Chile, Peru_
10. [A 6.2 magnitude earthquake shakes northern Chile and southern Peru. ](/news/2011/03/6/a-6-2-magnitude-earthquake-shakes-northern-chile-and-southern-peru.md) _Context: Chile, Peru_
