### [2010-08-2](/news/2010/08/2/index.md)

# A Jordanian civilian is killed and three others are wounded as a Grad rocket launched from the Sinai hits the city of Aqaba. Four other rockets land in open areas in the Gulf of Aqaba. Jordan, Israel, Egypt and the United States condemn the attack. 

Sappers find parts of Grad rocket thought to have been one of five fired towards Eilat in drainage tank north of city. Netanyahu calls Jordanian, Egyptian leaders to inveigh against &#39;criminal attack on innocent citizens&#39;


### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/news/diplomacy-defense/netanyahu-terror-groups-are-trying-to-thwart-mideast-peace-1.305592)
2. [YnetNews](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3929085,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Arab-Israeli conflict:Two rockets fired from Egypt's Sinai Peninsula hit the Israeli resort of Eilat, but land in open areas, causing no damage. Three more rockets hit open areas in neighboring Jordan. ](/news/2013/04/17/arabaisraeli-conflict-ptwo-rockets-fired-from-egypt-s-sinai-peninsula-hit-the-israeli-resort-of-eilat-but-land-in-open-areas-causing-no.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Jordan, Sinai_
2. [An explosion destroys the Arab Gas Pipeline in Egypt's  Sinai Peninsula supplying natural gas to Jordan and Israel. ](/news/2011/09/27/an-explosion-destroys-the-arab-gas-pipeline-in-egypt-s-sinai-peninsula-supplying-natural-gas-to-jordan-and-israel.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Jordan, Sinai_
3. [Saboteurs bomb an Egyptian pipeline at Nagah in the Sinai Peninsula delivering gas to Israel and Jordan. ](/news/2011/07/4/saboteurs-bomb-an-egyptian-pipeline-at-nagah-in-the-sinai-peninsula-delivering-gas-to-israel-and-jordan.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Jordan, Sinai_
4. [Jordan says it has evidence that a fatal Grad-type rocket strike on Aqaba originated in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula. ](/news/2010/08/3/jordan-says-it-has-evidence-that-a-fatal-grad-type-rocket-strike-on-aqaba-originated-in-egypt-s-sinai-peninsula.md) _Context: Aqaba, Egypt, Jordan, Sinai_
5. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Jordan_
6. [Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel,  security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in-the-sinai-peninsul.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Sinai_
7. [The Russian military launches cruise missile strikes from the Mediterranean on ISIS positions in Al-Raqqah, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's de facto capital in Syria, Aleppo, and Idlib. A U.S. official confirms that Russia has conducted a significant number of strikes in Syria using both sea-launched cruise missiles and long-range bombers. Russian President Vladimir Putin has pledged to escalate his military campaign in Syria after it was confirmed that a bomb brought down Metrojet Flight 9268 over Egypt's Sinai Peninsula. ](/news/2015/11/17/the-russian-military-launches-cruise-missile-strikes-from-the-mediterranean-on-isis-positions-in-al-raqqah-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-th.md) _Context: Egypt, Sinai, United States_
8. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met today in Berlin with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu regarding the recent spate of violence between Palestinians and Israelis. Kerry will meet on Saturday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and King Abdullah of Jordan in Amman. ](/news/2015/10/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-met-today-in-berlin-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-regarding-the-recent-spate-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel, Jordan, United States_
9. [A massive sandstorm hits Lebanon and Syria as well as Jordan, Israel and Egypt. The Lebanese Health Ministry said the storm caused the deaths of two women, and sent hundreds to hospitals with breathing difficulties. Particularly hard hit were the 1.1 million Syrian refugees in Lebanon, many in flimsy tents in informal campsites. ](/news/2015/09/8/a-massive-sandstorm-hits-lebanon-and-syria-as-well-as-jordan-israel-and-egypt-the-lebanese-health-ministry-said-the-storm-caused-the-death.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, Jordan_
10. [Turkey's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan accuses American and Israeli influence of being the ouster of Egypt's President Mohammed Morsi; which are denied by both. ](/news/2013/08/20/turkeyas-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-accuses-american-and-israeli-influence-of-being-the-ouster-of-egyptas-president-mohammed-m.md) _Context: Egypt, Israel, United States_
