### [2010-08-2](/news/2010/08/2/index.md)

# The United States House of Representatives ethics committee charges California Democrat Maxine Waters with breaking ethics rules. 

A House ethics panel charged California Democrat Rep. Maxine Waters today with breaking unspecified ethics rules -- making the 10-term veteran the second lawmaker to face an ethics trial just months before the midterm election.


### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://content.usatoday.com/communities/onpolitics/post/2010/08/house-ethics-panel-charges-rep-maxine-waters-/1)
1. [Cover Image](http://i.usatoday.net/communitymanager/_photos/on-politics/2010/08/02/Watersx-inset-community.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Rep Lynn Woolsey, a California Democrat, announces her retirement from the United States House of Representatives at the end of the 112th United States Congress. ](/news/2011/06/27/rep-lynn-woolsey-a-california-democrat-announces-her-retirement-from-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-at-the-end-of-the-112th-un.md) _Context: California, Democratic, United States House of Representatives_
2. [The United States House Committee on Standards of Official Conduct recommends that the United States House of Representatives censure Rep. Charlie Rangel D-NY for ethics violations and be required to make restitution for any unpaid taxes. ](/news/2010/11/18/the-united-states-house-committee-on-standards-of-official-conduct-recommends-that-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-censure-rep-c.md) _Context: Democratic, United States House Committee on Standards of Official Conduct, United States House of Representatives_
3. [ While identifying as a Unitarian, Representative Pete Stark (D-CA) becomes the first member of the United States Congress to openly acknowledge that he does not hold a "god-belief". ](/news/2007/03/12/while-identifying-as-a-unitarian-representative-pete-stark-d-ca-becomes-the-first-member-of-the-united-states-congress-to-openly-acknowl.md) _Context: California, Democratic, United States House of Representatives_
4. [ The United States House of Representatives reject a Republican resolution offered by Duncan Hunter (R-California) "expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the deployment of United States forces in Iraq be terminated immediately" by a vote of 403-3. Ohio Republican Jean Schmidt is forced by Democratic (and quiet Republican) protests to apologise to Pennsylvania Democrat John Murtha for quoting a Marine who said those wishing to "cut and run" from Iraq are called "cowards" The Marine she claimed to be quoting told he never said any such thing. ](/news/2005/11/18/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-reject-a-republican-resolution-offered-by-duncan-hunter-r-california-expressing-the-sense-of.md) _Context: California, Democratic, United States House of Representatives_
5. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: Democratic, United States House of Representatives_
6. [Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia. ](/news/2017/04/18/democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u-s-house-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-now-health-and-human-serv.md) _Context: Democratic, United States House of Representatives_
7. [Voters go to the polls in six states, including California and New Jersey, with Hillary Clinton gaining enough delegates to become the presumptive nominee of the Democratic Party. She will be the first woman nominee by a major party to run for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/06/7/voters-go-to-the-polls-in-six-states-including-california-and-new-jersey-with-hillary-clinton-gaining-enough-delegates-to-become-the-presu.md) _Context: California, Democratic_
8. [Georgia Representative John Lewis leads about 40 U.S. House of Representatives Democrats in a sit-in after the U.S. Senate failed to approve any of four gun control measures Monday night. ](/news/2016/06/22/georgia-representative-john-lewis-leads-about-40-u-s-house-of-representatives-democrats-in-a-sit-in-after-the-u-s-senate-failed-to-approve.md) _Context: Democratic, United States House of Representatives_
9. [ The U.S. Supreme Court rules that a lawsuit challenging Maryland's congressional redistricting plan following the 2010 Census on grounds of unconstitutional gerrymandering may proceed. The suit, which alleges that congressional district boundaries were changed to make it easier for Democrats to win in seven of the state's eight districts, had been rejected by both district and circuit courts due to lack of standing. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-a-lawsuit-challenging-maryland-s-congressional-redistricting-plan-following-the-2010-census-on-grounds-of.md) _Context: Democratic, United States House of Representatives_
10. [Veteran Ohio Congressman Dennis Kucinich is defeated in a Democrat primary in the 9th district by incumbent Marcia C. Kaptur after he was affected by redistricting - Samuel Wurzelbacher aka Joe the Plumber wins the Republican Party primary. ](/news/2012/03/6/veteran-ohio-congressman-dennis-kucinich-is-defeated-in-a-democrat-primary-in-the-9th-district-by-incumbent-marcia-c-kaptur-after-he-was-af.md) _Context: Democratic, United States House of Representatives_
