### [2016-10-3](/news/2016/10/3/index.md)

# Russian President Vladimir Putin suspends the 2000 treaty with the United States on cleaning up weapons-grade plutonium (Plutonium Management and Disposition Agreement) {{ru icon}}. 

Russian President Vladimir Putin on Monday suspended a treaty with Washington on cleaning up weapons-grade plutonium, signaling he is willing to use nuclear disarmament as a new bargaining chip in disputes with the United States over Ukraine and Syria.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-russia-usa-nuclear-idUSKCN1230YN)

### Related:

1. [Russian President Vladimir Putin suspends the 2013 nuclear agreement with the United States concerning uranium research. ](/news/2016/10/5/russian-president-vladimir-putin-suspends-the-2013-nuclear-agreement-with-the-united-states-concerning-uranium-research.md) _Context: Russia and weapons of mass destruction, U.S., Vladimir Putin_
2. [President of Russia Vladimir Putin accuses the United States of reneging on a 16-year-old deal that called for reducing Russia's and the United States' stockpiles of weapons-grade plutonium. He accused Washington of trying to preserve its ability to turn some of its plutonium stockpile back into a form usable for nuclear weapons. ](/news/2016/04/23/president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-accuses-the-united-states-of-reneging-on-a-16-year-old-deal-that-called-for-reducing-russia-s-and-the-uni.md) _Context: Russia, Vladimir Putin, plutonium_
3. [Russian President Vladimir Putin calls U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, "a very colorful person. Talented, without any doubt" as well as an "absolute leader" in the race for the presidency. ](/news/2015/12/17/russian-president-vladimir-putin-calls-u-s-republican-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-a-very-colorful-person-talented-without-any-d.md) _Context: Russia, U.S., Vladimir Putin_
4. [The Russian military launches cruise missile strikes from the Mediterranean on ISIS positions in Al-Raqqah, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's de facto capital in Syria, Aleppo, and Idlib. A U.S. official confirms that Russia has conducted a significant number of strikes in Syria using both sea-launched cruise missiles and long-range bombers. Russian President Vladimir Putin has pledged to escalate his military campaign in Syria after it was confirmed that a bomb brought down Metrojet Flight 9268 over Egypt's Sinai Peninsula. ](/news/2015/11/17/the-russian-military-launches-cruise-missile-strikes-from-the-mediterranean-on-isis-positions-in-al-raqqah-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-th.md) _Context: Russia, U.S., Vladimir Putin_
5. [Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin accuses the United States of sponsoring the opposition in the country, following protests over the outcome of the recent elections. ](/news/2011/12/8/russian-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-accuses-the-united-states-of-sponsoring-the-opposition-in-the-country-following-protests-over-the-out.md) _Context: Russia, U.S., Vladimir Putin_
6. [ Russian President Vladimir Putin announces that Russia may consider targeting new sites across Europe with nuclear weapons if part of the United States' nuclear capability is introduced into Europe. ](/news/2007/06/4/russian-president-vladimir-putin-announces-that-russia-may-consider-targeting-new-sites-across-europe-with-nuclear-weapons-if-part-of-the-u.md) _Context: Russia, U.S., Vladimir Putin_
7. [ Russian President Vladimir Putin criticizes the United States for its "almost uncontained" use of force around the world during his speech at the 43rd annual Munich Conference on Security Policy. ](/news/2007/02/10/russian-president-vladimir-putin-criticizes-the-united-states-for-its-almost-uncontained-use-of-force-around-the-world-during-his-speech.md) _Context: Russia, U.S., Vladimir Putin_
8. [ US President George W. Bush claims that the United States and Russia had almost reached agreement on Russia joining the World Trade Organisation. Bush met with Vladimir Putin prior to the G8 meeting in Strelna. ](/news/2006/07/15/us-president-george-w-bush-claims-that-the-united-states-and-russia-had-almost-reached-agreement-on-russia-joining-the-world-trade-organis.md) _Context: Russia, U.S., Vladimir Putin_
9. [The United States State Department orders Russia to close the Consulate-General in San Francisco and two other buildings by September 2, 2017, invoking "parity" over a Russian measure in July. ](/news/2017/08/31/the-united-states-state-department-orders-russia-to-close-the-consulate-general-in-san-francisco-and-two-other-buildings-by-september-2-201.md) _Context: Russia, U.S._
10. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: Russia, U.S._
