### [2016-10-3](/news/2016/10/3/index.md)

# The U.S. Supreme Court declines to rehear President Barack Obama's 2014 plan (Deferred Action for Parents of Americans) to spare from deportation millions of immigrants in the country illegally, a case in which the justices split 4&ndash;4 in June. The justices' June 23 decision ("United States v. Texas") is final. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-court-immigration-idUSKCN1231FS)

### Related:

1. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision ("NLRB v. SW General, Inc"), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-preside.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. Supreme Court_
2. [ President Barack Obama nominates Merrick Garland to replace Antonin Scalia on the Supreme Court of the United States. ](/news/2016/03/16/president-barack-obama-nominates-merrick-garland-to-replace-antonin-scalia-on-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. Supreme Court_
3. [President Obama nominates Solicitor General Elena Kagan as the youngest Justice and third woman for the Supreme Court of the United States. ](/news/2010/05/10/president-obama-nominates-solicitor-general-elena-kagan-as-the-youngest-justice-and-third-woman-for-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. Supreme Court_
4. [ President Barack Obama nominates Federal Judge Sonia Sotomayor for the United States Supreme Court. ](/news/2009/05/26/president-barack-obama-nominates-federal-judge-sonia-sotomayor-for-the-united-states-supreme-court.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. Supreme Court_
5. [The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June order that permits admission to the U.S. of those with a bona fide relationship. ](/news/2017/07/14/the-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling-by-hawaii-district-judge-derrick-watson-th.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
6. [The Supreme Court of the United States partially reinstates President Donald Trump's travel ban and invalidates certain injunctions that were put on the order by two federal appeals courts earlier. Final oral hearings concerning the legality of the Executive Order 13780 will be held in October 2017 at the Supreme Court. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-partially-reinstates-president-donald-trump-s-travel-ban-and-invalidates-certain-injunctions-that-wer.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
7. [The Slants win their case with the Supreme Court of the United States that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office's rejection of their trademark under the Lanham Act due to their name being "disparaging" is an unconstitutional violation of their free speech rights under the First Amendment. ](/news/2017/06/19/the-slants-win-their-case-with-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-that-the-u-s-patent-and-trademark-office-s-rejection-of-their-tradema.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
8. [U.S. President Donald Trump announces new restrictions on travel and business with Cuba, reversing policies of Cuban Thaw, implemented during the tenure of President Barack Obama. ](/news/2017/06/16/u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-new-restrictions-on-travel-and-business-with-cuba-reversing-policies-of-cuban-thaw-implemented-durin.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
9. [The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-may-25-ruling-that-affirmed-the.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
10. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
