### [2016-10-3](/news/2016/10/3/index.md)

# The Obama administration through the U.S. State Department announces the suspension of bilateral talks with Russia about the cessation of hostilities in Syria, as Russia and the Syrian government continue to pursue a military course despite the ceasefire accord. 

The U.S. announced it has suspended bilateral talks with Russia on a cease-fire in Syria, claiming the Russians have not &quot;lived up to their commitments.&quot;


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/10/03/politics/us-suspends-talks-with-russia-over-syria/)
2. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2016/10/03/US-suspends-bilateral-talks-with-Russia-on-Syria-cease-fire/8361475518169/?spt=hs&or=tn_int)

### Related:

1. [Syrian civil war and The U.S. Obama administration and the Russian Putin administration agree to a Syrian peace deal. The deal is intended to end combat in specified areas and create a joint center of combat to fight ISIL and Al-Nusra Front. ](/news/2016/09/10/syrian-civil-war-and-the-u-s-obama-administration-and-the-russian-putin-administration-agree-to-a-syrian-peace-deal-the-deal-is-intended-t.md) _Context: Obama Administration, Russia, Russia-United States relations, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Between four and 20 people are reported killed by government and Russian  airstrikes that hit rebel held areas, five hospitals, and a mobile clinic in Aleppo,  says U.S. State Department spokeswoman Elizabeth Trudeau. Syria and Russia deny targeting Aleppo. ](/news/2016/11/15/between-four-and-20-people-are-reported-killed-by-government-and-russian-airstrikes-that-hit-rebel-held-areas-five-hospitals-and-a-mobile.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States Department of State_
3. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated.  Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denied the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterday-the-united-sta.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States Department of State_
5. [At least three soldiers of the Turkish Armed Forces are accidentally killed by a Russian airstrike near al-Bab in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/9/at-least-three-soldiers-of-the-turkish-armed-forces-are-accidentally-killed-by-a-russian-airstrike-near-al-bab-in-northern-syria.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [The United Nations Security Council unanimously votes in favor of the Russian and Turkey-backed ceasefire currently in effect in Syria. ](/news/2017/01/1/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-votes-in-favor-of-the-russian-and-turkey-backed-ceasefire-currently-in-effect-in-syria.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [A Russian Tu-154 military passenger airplane carrying 92 people including the Alexandrov Ensemble crashes into the Black Sea shortly after takeoff from Sochi. The airplane was headed towards Khmeimim, Syria. The Russian Armed Forces are actively involved in the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2016/12/25/a-russian-tu-154-military-passenger-airplane-carrying-92-people-including-the-alexandrov-ensemble-crashes-into-the-black-sea-shortly-after-t.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [The Obama administration formally accuses the Russian government of cyber attacks against the U.S. Democratic Party in influencing presidential election. ](/news/2016/10/7/the-obama-administration-formally-accuses-the-russian-government-of-cyber-attacks-against-the-u-s-democratic-party-in-influencing-president.md) _Context: Obama Administration, Russia, Russia-United States relations_
10. [Russian and Syrian government attacks on rebel-held east Aleppo kill two people and injure 13 others. The Syrian American Medical Society reports the city's main trauma hospital closes. ](/news/2016/10/1/russian-and-syrian-government-attacks-on-rebel-held-east-aleppo-kill-two-people-and-injure-13-others-the-syrian-american-medical-society-re.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
