### [2010-02-5](/news/2010/02/5/index.md)

# A private helicopter crashes in the Dominican Republic, killing two. The helicopter was returning from relief work for the 2010 Haiti earthquake. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/02/05/AR2010020502357.html)

### Related:

1. [President of Haiti Rene Preval, speaking in the Dominican Republic, calls on donors to deliver on their promises to give aid at a meeting in the United States in March following the 2010 Haiti earthquake as only Brazil has delivered its entire pledge of $55 million. ](/news/2010/06/3/president-of-haiti-rena-c-pra-c-val-speaking-in-the-dominican-republic-calls-on-donors-to-deliver-on-their-promises-to-give-aid-at-a-meeting.md) _Context: 2010 Haiti earthquake, Dominican Republic_
2. [Haiti acknowledges the immediate international assistance it received from Cuba, the Dominican Republic and Venezuela following the recent earthquake and confirms the death toll has reached 150,000. ](/news/2010/01/29/haiti-acknowledges-the-immediate-international-assistance-it-received-from-cuba-the-dominican-republic-and-venezuela-following-the-recent-e.md) _Context: 2010 Haiti earthquake, Dominican Republic_
3. [Two radio journalists are shot dead and a co-worker injured in San Pedro de Macoris, Dominican Republic, while presenting the show "Milenio Caliente" on Facebook Live. Three people were arrested. ](/news/2017/02/14/two-radio-journalists-are-shot-dead-and-a-co-worker-injured-in-san-pedro-de-macoras-dominican-republic-while-presenting-the-show-milenio.md) _Context: Dominican Republic_
4. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Matthew kills at least 26 people on the island of Hispaniola; 22 in Haiti and four more in the Dominican Republic. The U.S. National Hurricane Center predicts the storm, currently a Category 3 with maximum sustained winds of 115 mph (185 km/h), will strengthen as it moves across the Bahamas tonight and tomorrow, and be near the east coast of Florida by tomorrow evening. ](/news/2016/10/5/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-kills-at-least-26-people-on-the-island-of-hispaniola-22-in-haiti-and-four-more-in-the-dom.md) _Context: Dominican Republic_
5. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Tropical Storm Earl, now about 265 miles (425 km) east-southeast of Belize City with top sustained winds of 70 mph (110 KM/H), becomes Hurricane Earl that could produce up to 16 inches of rain by the time it hits Belize. On Sunday, then a tropical wave, Earl was responsible for nine deaths, with four people still missing, in the Dominican Republic. ](/news/2016/08/3/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-tropical-storm-earl-now-about-265-miles-425-km-east-southeast-of-belize-city-with-top-sustained-winds-of.md) _Context: Dominican Republic_
6. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic. Health officials are concerned about the spread of the Zika virus in Haiti, which suffered the worst epidemic of cholera in recent history following the deadly 2010 Haiti earthquake. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports there are 2,214 suspected cases as of April 23. But new research indicates the virus has been present since 2014. The actual infection rate remains unknown since the poor, densely populated nation lacks routine data systems that can track and document disease outbreaks. ](/news/2016/05/23/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-health-officials-are-concerned-about-the-spread-of-the-zika-virus-in-haiti-which-suffered-the-worst-epidemic.md) _Context: 2010 Haiti earthquake_
7. [Dominican Republic general election, 2016. Voters in the Dominican Republic go to the polls for a general election. ](/news/2016/05/15/dominican-republic-general-election-2016-voters-in-the-dominican-republic-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election.md) _Context: Dominican Republic_
8. [At least eleven people have died and 70 injured after two buses carrying tourism workers collide in the eastern Dominican Republic. ](/news/2015/11/26/at-least-eleven-people-have-died-and-70-injured-after-two-buses-carrying-tourism-workers-collide-in-the-eastern-dominican-republic.md) _Context: Dominican Republic_
9. [Police in the Dominican Republic raid a mansion owned by 30-year-old Francisco Flores de Freites, one of the two nephews of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro facing charges for allegedly trying to traffic 800 kg of cocaine into the U.S., and found more than 280 pounds of cocaine and 22 pounds of heroin hidden inside the nephew-s posh Casa de Campo property and a 135-foot yacht named -The Kingdom- docked behind it. ](/news/2015/11/13/police-in-the-dominican-republic-raid-a-mansion-owned-by-30-year-old-francisco-flores-de-freites-one-of-the-two-nephews-of-venezuelan-presi.md) _Context: Dominican Republic_
10. [2015 Dengue fever outbreaks. Authorities in the Dominican Republic issue an alert as the number of deaths (57 this year) and cases of dengue fever continue to rise. ](/news/2015/09/19/2015-dengue-fever-outbreaks-authorities-in-the-dominican-republic-issue-an-alert-as-the-number-of-deaths-57-this-year-and-cases-of-dengue.md) _Context: Dominican Republic_
