### [2010-02-5](/news/2010/02/5/index.md)

# The Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and Sinn Fin agree to devolution from Westminster from 12 April 2010 after two weeks of discussions, the longest ever during the Northern Ireland peace process. 

Barack Obama has described Northern Ireland&#39;s power-sharing deal as an important step on the path to greater peace and prosperity.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/northern_ireland/8499992.stm)
2. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2010/0205/northpolitics.html)

### Related:

1. [Northern Ireland Assembly election, 2017. Northern Irish voters go to the polls to elect their new MLA representatives after a snap election was called following the resignation of Deputy First minister Martin McGuinness of Sinn Fin over the mishandling by Democratic Unionist Party over the recent Renewable Heat Incentive scandal. ](/news/2017/03/2/northern-ireland-assembly-election-2017-northern-irish-voters-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-their-new-mla-representatives-after-a-snap-election.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Sinn Fin_
2. [DUP leader and Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson dismisses calls from Sinn Fin for a Scotland-style referendum on independence for Northern Ireland, telling his party's annual conference that a majority of Catholics want Northern Ireland to stay part of the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/11/24/dup-leader-and-northern-ireland-first-minister-peter-robinson-dismisses-calls-from-sinn-fein-for-a-scotland-style-referendum-on-independence.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Sinn Fin_
3. [Counting for the Northern Ireland Assembly election finally ends with the DUP and Sinn Fin winning the most seats, 38 and 29 respectively. ](/news/2011/05/7/counting-for-the-northern-ireland-assembly-election-finally-ends-with-the-dup-and-sinn-fein-winning-the-most-seats-38-and-29-respectively.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Sinn Fin_
4. [ The Blair Government introduces legislation into the Parliament of the United Kingdom to facilitate a power-sharing agreement in Northern Ireland between Ian Paisley's Democratic Unionist Party and Sinn Fin. ](/news/2007/03/27/the-blair-government-introduces-legislation-into-the-parliament-of-the-united-kingdom-to-facilitate-a-power-sharing-agreement-in-northern-i.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Sinn Fin_
5. [ Northern Ireland Peace Process: Members of the Democratic Unionist Party, led by Ian Paisley, and Sinn Fein, led by Gerry Adams, meet face-to face for the first time, and agree a timetable for implementing the St. Andrews Agreement. ](/news/2007/03/26/northern-ireland-peace-process-members-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-led-by-ian-paisley-and-sinn-fa-c-in-led-by-gerry-adams-meet-face.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Northern Ireland peace process_
6. [United Kingdom general election, 2017. Results of yesterday's snap election are counted, revealing a hung parliament as the Conservative Party fails to retain its parliamentary majority, despite remaining the party with the most seats. Prime Minister Theresa May announced that she will form a minority government with the support of the Northern Irish Democratic Unionist Party. ](/news/2017/06/9/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-results-of-yesterday-s-snap-election-are-counted-revealing-a-hung-parliament-as-the-conservative-par.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party_
7. [United Kingdom general election, 2017. The Communist Party of Britain announces it will not field any candidates in the upcoming general election for the first time since its formation in 1920, and endorses Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, saying victory for Mr Corbyn at the general election in June would be -the first step towards a formation of left-led government at Westminster-. ](/news/2017/04/24/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-the-communist-party-of-britain-announces-it-will-not-field-any-candidates-in-the-upcoming-general-ele.md) _Context: Westminster_
8. [Northern Ireland Assembly election, 2017. The deadline for the Government formation in Northern Ireland has expired following the refusal of the Democratic Unionist Party and Sinn Fein to enter a power sharing agreement with each other, with both parties blaming each other for the impasse. ](/news/2017/03/27/northern-ireland-assembly-election-2017-the-deadline-for-the-government-formation-in-northern-ireland-has-expired-following-the-refusal-of.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party_
9. [Renewable Heat Incentive scandal. Martin McGuinness of Sinn Fein resigns as the NI deputy first minister in protest of handling by the Democratic Unionist Party of a failed energy scheme that cost Northern Irish taxpayers GBP490 million. His decision will likely lead to a snap election. ](/news/2017/01/9/renewable-heat-incentive-scandal-martin-mcguinness-of-sinn-fa-c-in-resigns-as-the-ni-deputy-first-minister-in-protest-of-handling-by-the-demo.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party_
10. [Northern Ireland Assembly election, 2017. Renewable Heat Incentive scandal. The Secretary of State for Northern Ireland James Brokenshire announces a snap election is to take place on March 2 to elect members to the Northern Ireland Assembly after the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and Sinn Fein failed to agree on a power-sharing agreement. ](/news/2017/01/16/northern-ireland-assembly-election-2017-renewable-heat-incentive-scandal-the-secretary-of-state-for-northern-ireland-james-brokenshire-an.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party_
