### [2004-07-21](/news/2004/07/21/index.md)

#  Despite threats, Japan rebuffs demands that Japanese troops be withdrawn from Iraq. Deputy Cabinet Secretary Masaaki Yamazaki states: "For the rebuilding of Iraq, we must continue our support and not give in to terrorism". 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=5725053&section=news)
1. [Cover Image](https://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [ Iraqi Security Forces announce that they have captured Tha'ir Kadhim Sraiwi, the alleged leader of Salafi terrorist group Jamaat Ansar al-Sunna. ](/news/2009/01/12/iraqi-security-forces-announce-that-they-have-captured-tha-ir-kadhim-sraiwi-the-alleged-leader-of-salafi-terrorist-group-jamaat-ansar-al-s.md) _Context: Iraq, terrorism_
2. [ Iraq releases 24 security personnel arrested on Thursday on suspicion of aiding terrorism. ](/news/2008/12/20/iraq-releases-24-security-personnel-arrested-on-thursday-on-suspicion-of-aiding-terrorism.md) _Context: Iraq, terrorism_
3. [ Iraqi transitional parliamentary election: Iraq's defense minister accuses Iran and Syria of supporting terrorists and charges that a senior Iraqi Shiite was leading a "pro-Iranian" coalition into next month's national elections. ](/news/2004/12/15/iraqi-transitional-parliamentary-election-iraq-s-defense-minister-accuses-iran-and-syria-of-supporting-terrorists-and-charges-that-a-senio.md) _Context: Iraq, terrorism_
4. [ United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan warns that an assault on Falluja may result in a Sunni Muslim boycott of January elections. British ambassador to Iraq Jones Parry states: "You can't have an area the size of Falluja operating as a base for terrorism." Iraqi Interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi describes Annan's letter as confused and unclear. ](/news/2004/11/5/united-nations-secretary-general-kofi-annan-warns-that-an-assault-on-falluja-may-result-in-a-sunni-muslim-boycott-of-january-elections-bri.md) _Context: Iraq, terrorism_
5. [ President George W. Bush is expected to impose economic sanctions on Syria, alleging support of terrorism and failure to stop guerrillas from entering Iraq. ](/news/2004/05/10/president-george-w-bush-is-expected-to-impose-economic-sanctions-on-syria-alleging-support-of-terrorism-and-failure-to-stop-guerrillas-fr.md) _Context: Iraq, terrorism_
6. [ Three car bombs explode outside police stations in Basra, killing 68 people and wounding over 100 more. Iraqi officials blame suicide bombers for the terrorism. 23 of the casualties are school children. A fourth car bomb explodes in Zubeir, south of Basra, killing three and wounding four. British soldiers assisting the wounded are pelted with stones, injuring four, two seriously. ](/news/2004/04/21/three-car-bombs-explode-outside-police-stations-in-basra-killing-68-people-and-wounding-over-100-more-iraqi-officials-blame-suicide-bombe.md) _Context: Iraq, terrorism_
7. [ The Kuwaiti newspaper "A-Siasa" reports that Palestinian and international terrorist organizations have decided at a recent Beirut conference to launch a wave of terror attacks against Israeli and Jewish interests worldwide. According to the report, there will also be similar attacks against coalition troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. The conference, which took place at the start of February, was also said to have been attended by senior members of the Syrian, Lebanese and Iranian intelligence services who presented a list of Israeli intelligence officials to be assassinated. Organizations in attendance included: Al-Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, Hezbollah, Hamas, Islamic Jihad. ](/news/2004/02/19/the-kuwaiti-newspaper-a-siasa-reports-that-palestinian-and-international-terrorist-organizations-have-decided-at-a-recent-beirut-conferen.md) _Context: Iraq, terrorism_
8. [ The United States Army in Iraq announces a $10 million dollar reward for the capture of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, a leader of the terrorist organization Ansar al-Islam, blamed for the deaths of unknown numbers of Iraqi citizens and U.S. military during the U.S.-led occupation of Iraq.](/news/2004/02/11/the-united-states-army-in-iraq-announces-a-10-million-dollar-reward-for-the-capture-of-abu-musab-al-zarqawi-a-leader-of-the-terrorist-org.md) _Context: Iraq, terrorism_
9. [ The Control Risks Group reports that London is the leading terrorist target in Western Europe due to British involvement in Iraq and the UK's large Muslim population.](/news/2003/11/11/the-control-risks-group-reports-that-london-is-the-leading-terrorist-target-in-western-europe-due-to-british-involvement-in-iraq-and-the-uk.md) _Context: Iraq, terrorism_
10. [ "Occupation of Iraq": Declaring Iraq to be the "central front" in the war against terrorism, President Bush asks Congress for $87 billion to help pay for the reconstruction of Iraq as well as Afghanistan.](/news/2003/09/8/occupation-of-iraq-declaring-iraq-to-be-the-central-front-in-the-war-against-terrorism-president-bush-asks-congress-for-87-billion-t.md) _Context: Iraq, terrorism_
