### [2004-07-21](/news/2004/07/21/index.md)

#  Following the decision of the Philippines to accede to hostage-takers' demands that it withdraw all 51 soldiers from Iraq, militants in Iraq abduct three Indians, two Kenyans and an Egyptian, announcing that the hostages would be beheaded unless their countries immediately announce the withdrawal of troops from Iraq.




### Related:

1. [46 Indian nurses held hostage by the ISIS for almost a month in Tikrit, Iraq, arrive at Cochin airport, Kochi, India. ](/news/2014/07/5/46-indian-nurses-held-hostage-by-the-isis-for-almost-a-month-in-tikrit-iraq-arrive-at-cochin-airport-kochi-india.md) _Context: India, Iraq_
2. [Reporters Without Borders releases their annual report regarding press freedom around the world with 71 journalists killed in 2013 so far. The deadliest countries are Syria, India, the Philippines, Pakistan, and Somalia while the worst jailers are China, Turkey, Eritrea, Iran, and Syria. ](/news/2013/12/19/reporters-without-borders-releases-their-annual-report-regarding-press-freedom-around-the-world-with-71-journalists-killed-in-2013-so-far-t.md) _Context: India, Philippines_
3. [The Committee to Protect Journalists claims that there have been 251 murders of journalists in 13 countries where the murderer has remained unpunished in the past decade with Iraq, Somalia, the Philippines and Sri Lanka being considered the worst environments for journalists. ](/news/2011/06/1/the-committee-to-protect-journalists-claims-that-there-have-been-251-murders-of-journalists-in-13-countries-where-the-murderer-has-remained.md) _Context: Iraq, Philippines_
4. [Today's Friday protests take place in Egypt, Iraq, Syria and Yemen among other places. ](/news/2011/04/8/today-s-friday-protests-take-place-in-egypt-iraq-syria-and-yemen-among-other-places.md) _Context: Egypt, Iraq_
5. [Ethiopia, Rwanda, Tanzania and Uganda sign an agreement to seek more water from the Nile, a move opposed by Egypt and Sudan. Kenya issues a support statement. ](/news/2010/05/14/ethiopia-rwanda-tanzania-and-uganda-sign-an-agreement-to-seek-more-water-from-the-nile-a-move-opposed-by-egypt-and-sudan-kenya-issues-a.md) _Context: Egypt, Kenya_
6. [Three car bombs hit the Egyptian, German and Iranian embassies in the centre of the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, in quick succession, killing at least 30 people. ](/news/2010/04/4/three-car-bombs-hit-the-egyptian-german-and-iranian-embassies-in-the-centre-of-the-iraqi-capital-baghdad-in-quick-succession-killing-at.md) _Context: Egypt, Iraq_
7. [Egyptian prosecutors begin investigating yesterday's incident where an Italian cruise liner smashed into a dock at Sharm el-Sheikh during severe weather conditions, killing sailors from Brazil, Honduras and India and injuring several passengers. ](/news/2010/02/27/egyptian-prosecutors-begin-investigating-yesterday-s-incident-where-an-italian-cruise-liner-smashed-into-a-dock-at-sharm-el-sheikh-during-se.md) _Context: Egypt, India_
8. [ An independent investigation into $8.2 billion in United States Department of Defense spending in Iraq, as well as aid to Egypt and Kuwait since 2001 finds that 95% of payments to contractors failed to meet requirements for documentation to determine what was paid for. ](/news/2008/05/23/an-independent-investigation-into-8-2-billion-in-united-states-department-of-defense-spending-in-iraq-as-well-as-aid-to-egypt-and-kuwait.md) _Context: Egypt, Iraq_
9. [ Major world and Middle East powers discuss the future of Iraq on the second day of an International Compact for Iraq conference in Egypt. ](/news/2007/05/4/major-world-and-middle-east-powers-discuss-the-future-of-iraq-on-the-second-day-of-an-international-compact-for-iraq-conference-in-egypt.md) _Context: Egypt, Iraq_
10. [ U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney is on a trip to various countries including Oman, Afghanistan, Pakistan, Egypt and Saudi Arabia. He made a surprise stop to Iraq today. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20051218/ap_on_re_mi_ea/cheney_iraq (Yahoo! News)] (Link dead as of 22:48, 14 January 2007 (UTC)), [http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L18757872.htm (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 22:48, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/12/18/u-s-vice-president-dick-cheney-is-on-a-trip-to-various-countries-including-oman-afghanistan-pakistan-egypt-and-saudi-arabia-he-made-a.md) _Context: Egypt, Iraq_
