### [2004-07-21](/news/2004/07/21/index.md)

#  Palestinian Legislative Council member Nabil Amr, a leading voice for anti-corruption reform of the Palestinian Authority, is shot twice in his right leg after returning from a television interview in which he criticized Yasser Arafat. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml;jsessionid=F4H0PFAVFUI1MCRBAEZSFFA?type=worldNews&storyID=5729689)

### Related:

1. [ Yasser Arafat, President of the Palestinian Authority, seeking to quiet unrest in the Gaza Strip reinstates Abdel-Razek al-Majaideh, demoting his cousin Moussa Arafat who was appointed just three days ago. ](/news/2004/07/19/yasser-arafat-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-seeking-to-quiet-unrest-in-the-gaza-strip-reinstates-abdel-razek-al-majaideh-demoti.md) _Context: Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat_
2. [ The Prime Minister of the Palestinian Authority, Ahmed Qurei, submits his resignation during chaos in the Gaza Strip as gunmen kidnapped several people, including the chief of police of the Gaza Strip, demanding reform of the Palestinian security force. Yasser Arafat refuses to accept the resignation. ](/news/2004/07/17/the-prime-minister-of-the-palestinian-authority-ahmed-qurei-submits-his-resignation-during-chaos-in-the-gaza-strip-as-gunmen-kidnapped-se.md) _Context: Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat_
3. [ Yasser Arafat, President of the Palestinian Authority, commits to refrains from attacks on the Olympics scheduled for this August in Athens, Greece. ](/news/2004/06/26/yasser-arafat-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-commits-to-refrains-from-attacks-on-the-olympics-scheduled-for-this-august-in-athens.md) _Context: Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat_
4. [ Palestinian Yasser Arafat dismisses Israel's threat to kill him. American representatives, and other world leaders, criticize Israel's prime minister for the suggestion. [http://www.arabnews.com/?page=4&section=0&article=42503&d=4&m=4&y=2004 (ArabNews)] Prime Minister Ariel Sharon conflicts with right-wing ministers over a plan to unilaterally disengage from the Gaza Strip. Housing and Construction Minister, Effie Eitam, and Tourism Minister, Benny Elon, demand that the plan receive cabinet approval. [http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1081052087090 (Jerusalem Post)] A year-long European Parliament investigation into how the Palestinian Authority spents money given to it by the European Union fails to find evidence linking its funds with terrorist activity. The findings, leaked before they were made public, are under attack, with one member of the probe calling it a "partial" whitewash. [http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1080979165731 (Jerusalem Post)] Millwall FC beat Sunderland A.F.C. 1-0 at Old Trafford to make it to the 2004 FA Cup Final after Tim Cahill scores the winning goal.](/news/2004/04/4/palestinian-yasser-arafat-dismisses-israel-s-threat-to-kill-him-american-representatives-and-other-world-leaders-criticize-israel-s-prim.md) _Context: Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat_
5. [ The European Union anti-fraud office (OLAF) is studying documents suggesting that Yasser Arafat and the Palestinian Authority diverted tens of millions of dollars in EU funds to organizations involved in terrorism. "... some of the money reportedly went to the Al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades, which has been involved in terror strikes." Their final report is expected in two months.](/news/2004/02/13/the-european-union-anti-fraud-office-olaf-is-studying-documents-suggesting-that-yasser-arafat-and-the-palestinian-authority-diverted-tens.md) _Context: Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat_
6. [ Road map for peace: Ahmed Qurei, who was nominated as Palestinian prime minister by the head of the Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat, accepts the position (pending the approval of the parliament). He had originally said there was no reason to form a new government unless "Israel wants to change its hostile attitude."](/news/2003/09/8/road-map-for-peace-ahmed-qurei-who-was-nominated-as-palestinian-prime-minister-by-the-head-of-the-palestinian-authority-yasser-arafat-a.md) _Context: Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat_
7. [ Palestinian Authority: Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas submits his resignation to the President of the Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat. According to Palestinian sources, he will play a "caretaker" role of the position until a new prime minister is sworn in.](/news/2003/09/6/palestinian-authority-prime-minister-mahmoud-abbas-submits-his-resignation-to-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-yasser-arafat-a.md) _Context: Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat_
8. [ Palestinian Authority: Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas tells the Palestinian parliament to either support him or fire him, a move seen as making public for the first time his quarrel with Yasser Arafat. VOA characterizes Mr. Abbas' ultimatum as the latest twist in a power struggle between him and Arafat, who is the President of the Palestinian Authority.](/news/2003/09/5/palestinian-authority-prime-minister-mahmoud-abbas-tells-the-palestinian-parliament-to-either-support-him-or-fire-him-a-move-seen-as-maki.md) _Context: Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Arab and Non-Aligned nations call on the United Nations Security Council to stop Israel carrying out its threat to expel the head of the Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat, from the West Bank. Elsewhere the European Union and Russia describe the Israeli proposal as a 'terrible mistake'. UN General Secretary Kofi Annan calls the Israel's proposed action "dangerous" and "unwise". The Irish Taoiseach, Bertie Ahern, who takes over as President of the European Council in January, tells journalists after a summit meeting with French President Jacques Chirac in Paris that he is "shocked" by the Israeli plan and said his government is "totally opposed" to the Israeli plan. The United States Ambassador to Israel meets the Israeli Defence Minister to outline American hostility to the plan.](/news/2003/09/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-arab-and-non-aligned-nations-call-on-the-united-nations-security-council-to-stop-israel-carrying-out-its-thre.md) _Context: Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat_
10. [ More than 10,000 supporters of Palestinian Authority President Yasser Arafat rallied in Gaza City to show strength against Hamas.](/news/2002/10/11/more-than-10-000-supporters-of-palestinian-authority-president-yasser-arafat-rallied-in-gaza-city-to-show-strength-against-hamas.md) _Context: Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat_
