### [2004-07-21](/news/2004/07/21/index.md)

#  Saudi security officials find the head of American hostage Paul Johnson in a refrigerator in a villa in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=5730301)

### Related:

1. [Pakistani prime minister Nawaz Sharif and army chief General Raheel Sharif will visit Riyadh on Monday and Tehran on Tuesday to launch mediation efforts between Iran and Saudi Arabia for normalization of relations and to ease the tensions in the region after Saudi Arabia executed a prominent Shia cleric Sheikh Nimr and an attack on the Saudi Embassy in Tehran. ](/news/2016/01/17/pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-and-army-chief-general-raheel-sharif-will-visit-riyadh-on-monday-and-tehran-on-tuesday-to-launch-media.md) _Context: Riyadh, Saudi Arabia_
2. [Pakistan says it was surprised to learn of the country's inclusion in Saudi Arabia's so-called "Islamic anti-terrorist alliance", and that Pakistan was not consulted before inclusion in the alliance by the Saudis. Pakistan's Foreign Secretary Aizaz Ahmad Chaudhry says he has asked the country's ambassador in Riyadh to get a clarification from Saudi Arabia on the matter. Malaysia has also denied any involvement in Saudi Arabia's military coalition to counter terrorism. ](/news/2015/12/16/pakistan-says-it-was-surprised-to-learn-of-the-country-s-inclusion-in-saudi-arabia-s-so-called-islamic-anti-terrorist-alliance-and-that-p.md) _Context: Riyadh, Saudi Arabia_
3. [Saudi Arabia announces the formation of a 34-member Islamic Military Alliance against terrorism including Egypt, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, Turkey, Malaysia and Pakistan with a joint operations centre based in Riyadh. ](/news/2015/12/15/saudi-arabia-announces-the-formation-of-a-34-member-islamic-military-alliance-against-terrorism-including-egypt-qatar-the-united-arab-emir.md) _Context: Riyadh, Saudi Arabia_
4. [Syrian opposition politicians and rebels, attending a two-day meeting hosted by Saudi Arabia in Riyadh, agree on a framework that would guide proposed talks to end Syria's nearly five-year conflict: a civil, democratic Syria with a transitional government that would respect human rights and the territorial integrity of the country; and, safeguard state institutions while restructuring security forces. Ahrar ash-Sham, a Saudi-backed ultraconservative group, withdrew from the talks at the end of the meeting. ](/news/2015/12/10/syrian-opposition-politicians-and-rebels-attending-a-two-day-meeting-hosted-by-saudi-arabia-in-riyadh-agree-on-a-framework-that-would-guid.md) _Context: Riyadh, Saudi Arabia_
5. [Saudi Arabia's official news agency reports that a hand grenade explosion at the King Abdulaziz military academy in Riyadh kills one cadet and injures nine. ](/news/2012/10/16/saudi-arabiaas-official-news-agency-reports-that-a-hand-grenade-explosion-at-the-king-abdulaziz-military-academy-in-riyadh-kills-one-cadet.md) _Context: Riyadh, Saudi Arabia_
6. [ Arab and Middle East leaders meet in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia to discuss reviving the Middle East peace process. ](/news/2007/03/28/arab-and-middle-east-leaders-meet-in-riyadh-saudi-arabia-to-discuss-reviving-the-middle-east-peace-process.md) _Context: Riyadh, Saudi Arabia_
7. [ Forty Pakistani Christians are arrested in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia for practicing their religion in violation of a Saudi law forbidding the practice of any religion but Islam. ](/news/2005/04/24/forty-pakistani-christians-are-arrested-in-riyadh-saudi-arabia-for-practicing-their-religion-in-violation-of-a-saudi-law-forbidding-the-pr.md) _Context: Riyadh, Saudi Arabia_
8. [ Saudi Arabia starts its first nationwide municipal elections. Voting is limited to men in Riyadh and voters elect only half of the municipal councils; the other half is appointed by the monarchy. Other regions are scheduled to hold elections next month. ](/news/2005/02/10/saudi-arabia-starts-its-first-nationwide-municipal-elections-voting-is-limited-to-men-in-riyadh-and-voters-elect-only-half-of-the-municipa.md) _Context: Riyadh, Saudi Arabia_
9. [ Gunmen attack a BBC news team in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, killing cameraman Simon Cumbers and seriously injuring correspondent Frank Gardner. ](/news/2004/06/7/gunmen-attack-a-bbc-news-team-in-riyadh-saudi-arabia-killing-cameraman-simon-cumbers-and-seriously-injuring-correspondent-frank-gardner.md) _Context: Riyadh, Saudi Arabia_
10. [ Two car bombs explode outside the General Security headquarters of Saudi Arabia in Riyadh, killing nine and wounding 125. ](/news/2004/04/21/two-car-bombs-explode-outside-the-general-security-headquarters-of-saudi-arabia-in-riyadh-killing-nine-and-wounding-125.md) _Context: Riyadh, Saudi Arabia_
