### [2004-07-21](/news/2004/07/21/index.md)

#  The United States' Drug Enforcement Administration conducted Operation Web Tryp, arresting 10 people and closing down five suppliers of research chemicals.




### Related:

1. [Acting U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration chief Chuck Rosenberg announces his resignation, effective Oct. 1, after more than two years in the position. ](/news/2017/09/26/acting-u-s-drug-enforcement-administration-chief-chuck-rosenberg-announces-his-resignation-effective-oct-1-after-more-than-two-years-in.md) _Context: Drug Enforcement Administration_
2. [The same day the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration announces it is easing restrictions on medical research involving cannabidiol (CBD), a key component in marijuana, NYU Langone Medical Center researchers report a clinical trial suggests a pill containing CBD may reduce seizures for children and young adults with epilepsy. ](/news/2015/12/24/the-same-day-the-u-s-drug-enforcement-administration-announces-it-is-easing-restrictions-on-medical-research-involving-cannabidiol-cbd-a.md) _Context: Drug Enforcement Administration_
3. [Michele Leonhart announces her retirement as the Administrator of the United States Drug Enforcement Administration with concerns raised about her leadership following a prostitution scandal involving Agency officers having sex with prostitutes provided by drug cartels. ](/news/2015/04/21/michele-leonhart-announces-her-retirement-as-the-administrator-of-the-united-states-drug-enforcement-administration-with-concerns-raised-abo.md) _Context: Drug Enforcement Administration_
4. [Mexican drug lord Rafael Caro Quintero, who was convicted for the 1985 murder of U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration Enrique Camarena, is ordered released from prison. ](/news/2013/08/9/mexican-drug-lord-rafael-caro-quintero-who-was-convicted-for-the-1985-murder-of-u-s-drug-enforcement-administration-enrique-camarena-is-o.md) _Context: Drug Enforcement Administration_
5. [The US Federal Bureau of Investigation and Drug Enforcement Administration claim to have disrupted an alleged terrorist plot to assassinate the Saudi Arabian ambassador and bombings of the Saudi and Israeli embassies in Washington DC with possible links to Iran. ](/news/2011/10/11/the-us-federal-bureau-of-investigation-and-drug-enforcement-administration-claim-to-have-disrupted-an-alleged-terrorist-plot-to-assassinate.md) _Context: Drug Enforcement Administration_
6. [The United States Drug Enforcement Administration seizes the state of Georgia's supply of a lethal injection drug due to questions over how it was imported to the US. ](/news/2011/03/15/the-united-states-drug-enforcement-administration-seizes-the-state-of-georgia-s-supply-of-a-lethal-injection-drug-due-to-questions-over-how.md) _Context: Drug Enforcement Administration_
7. [United States authorities arrest more than 60 suspected members of Mexican drug cartels following the execution of a US Drug Enforcement Administration agent in Mexico last week. ](/news/2011/02/24/united-states-authorities-arrest-more-than-60-suspected-members-of-mexican-drug-cartels-following-the-execution-of-a-us-drug-enforcement-adm.md) _Context: Drug Enforcement Administration_
8. [ Venezuelan president Hugo Chvez dismisses cooperation with the US DEA, claiming that they spy on him ](/news/2005/08/7/venezuelan-president-hugo-chavez-dismisses-cooperation-with-the-us-dea-claiming-that-they-spy-on-him.md) _Context: Drug Enforcement Administration_
