### [2004-07-21](/news/2004/07/21/index.md)

#  The United Nations General Assembly passes a [http://ods-dds-ny.un.org/doc/UNDOC/LTD/N03/638/96/PDF/N0363896.pdf?OpenElement resolution] demanding that Israel obey the International Court of Justice ruling that the West Bank barrier should be dismantled. Israel condemns the resolution and announces that it will not stop building the barrier.




### Related:

1. [ The Supreme court of Israel rejects the opinion of International Court of Justice for the removal of Israeli West Bank barrier, but calls on part of the wall to be re-routed so as not to encroach on Palestinian lands. The world court had called the barrier illegal and ordered the wall be torn down. ](/news/2005/09/15/the-supreme-court-of-israel-rejects-the-opinion-of-international-court-of-justice-for-the-removal-of-israeli-west-bank-barrier-but-calls-o.md) _Context: International Court of Justice, Israel, barrier_
2. [ In its advisory opinion asked for by the United Nations General Assembly the International Court of Justice states that the Israeli West Bank barrier is illegal and calls for the General Assembly and the Security Council to remedy the situation. ](/news/2004/07/9/in-its-advisory-opinion-asked-for-by-the-united-nations-general-assembly-the-international-court-of-justice-states-that-the-israeli-west-ba.md) _Context: International Court of Justice, United Nations General Assembly, barrier_
3. [In a vote at the United Nations General Assembly, 94 states support a Mauritius-sponsored resolution to seek an advisory opinion from the International Court of Justice on the legal status of the disputed Chagos Archipelago. ](/news/2017/06/22/in-a-vote-at-the-united-nations-general-assembly-94-states-support-a-mauritius-sponsored-resolution-to-seek-an-advisory-opinion-from-the-in.md) _Context: International Court of Justice, United Nations General Assembly_
4. [8 Palestinians are injured while on restricted lands when their anti-barrier protests are broken up by Israeli forces using live ammunition and tear gas among other agents to disperse the protesters. ](/news/2011/02/19/8-palestinians-are-injured-while-on-restricted-lands-when-their-anti-barrier-protests-are-broken-up-by-israeli-forces-using-live-ammunition.md) _Context: Israel, barrier_
5. [The Palestinian National Authority states it will seek United Nations recognition through both the Security Council and the General Assembly in September. It is currently lobbying nations for recognition during the stalled peace talks with Israel. ](/news/2011/01/11/the-palestinian-national-authority-states-it-will-seek-united-nations-recognition-through-both-the-security-council-and-the-general-assembly.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations General Assembly_
6. [Mahmoud Abbas addresses the United Nations General Assembly, where he states that Palestinians desire "a comprehensive and just" peace agreement and requests that Israel cease its policy of building settlements in the West Bank. ](/news/2010/09/25/mahmoud-abbas-addresses-the-united-nations-general-assembly-where-he-states-that-palestinians-desire-a-comprehensive-and-just-peace-agree.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations General Assembly_
7. [The United States and other western nations including Britain, Sweden, Australia, Belgium, Uruguay and Spain walk out of the United Nations General Assembly following claims by the President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad that the "majority of the American people as well as most nations and politicians around the world" say that the 9/11 attacks were the work of the Government of the United States trying to protect Israel. ](/news/2010/09/23/the-united-states-and-other-western-nations-including-britain-sweden-australia-belgium-uruguay-and-spain-walk-out-of-the-united-nations.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations General Assembly_
8. [Malaysia considers suing Israel in the International Court of Justice over the blockade of the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2010/09/15/malaysia-considers-suing-israel-in-the-international-court-of-justice-over-the-blockade-of-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: International Court of Justice, Israel_
9. [ An American demonstrator from the International Solidarity Movement is critically wounded by Israel's Defense Forces at the West Bank barrier. ](/news/2009/03/13/an-american-demonstrator-from-the-international-solidarity-movement-is-critically-wounded-by-israel-s-defense-forces-at-the-west-bank-barri.md) _Context: Israel, barrier_
10. [ The United Nations General Assembly votes to establish the United Nations Human Rights Council, a new human rights organization to replace the United Nations Commission on Human Rights, with only the United States, Israel, the Marshall Islands and Palau opposing. ](/news/2006/03/15/the-united-nations-general-assembly-votes-to-establish-the-united-nations-human-rights-council-a-new-human-rights-organization-to-replace.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations General Assembly_
