### [2003-12-25](/news/2003/12/25/index.md)

#  A Boeing 727 of United Transit Airlines originating in the Guinean capital, Conakry, stopping in Freetown, Sierra Leone, and bound for Beirut, clips a building during takeoff and crashes into the Atlantic Ocean off Benin. Over 100 people die, most of them Lebanese. [http://www.herald.ns.ca/stories/2003/12/26/fWorld119.raw.html]




### Related:

1. [2017 Sierra Leone mudslides. A mudslide triggered by heavy rain near Sierra Leone's capital Freetown, kills at least 350 people with the death toll expected to rise as high as 500. ](/news/2017/08/14/2017-sierra-leone-mudslides-a-mudslide-triggered-by-heavy-rain-near-sierra-leone-s-capital-freetown-kills-at-least-350-people-with-the-dea.md) _Context: Freetown, Sierra Leone_
2. [The United States Supreme Court rules that almost $2 billion in frozen Iranian assets must be turned over to American families of people killed in attacks blamed on Iran, including the 1983 bombing of a U.S. Marine Corps barracks in Beirut, Lebanon. ](/news/2016/04/20/the-united-states-supreme-court-rules-that-almost-2-billion-in-frozen-iranian-assets-must-be-turned-over-to-american-families-of-people-kil.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon_
3. [The Saudi-owned news channel Al Arabiya shuts its offices in Beirut, Lebanon and dismisses 27 employees in a sudden move reflecting tensions between Saudi Arabia and Lebanon-based Hezbollah, which is backed by Iran. Saudi Arabia interpreted Lebanon's lack of public solidarity as a sign that it had become beholden to Hezbollah. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-saudi-owned-news-channel-al-arabiya-shuts-its-offices-in-beirut-lebanon-and-dismisses-27-employees-in-a-sudden-move-reflecting-tensions.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon_
4. [2015 Beirut bombings. Spillover of the Syrian Civil War. Lebanon arrests nine people including seven Syrians over the recent Beirut bombings that killed at least 44 people. ](/news/2015/11/15/2015-beirut-bombings-spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-lebanon-arrests-nine-people-including-seven-syrians-over-the-recent-beirut-bombings.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon_
5. [2015 Beirut bombings. A day of mourning is held in Lebanon following two suicide attacks in the capital Beirut which killed at least 43 people. ](/news/2015/11/13/2015-beirut-bombings-a-day-of-mourning-is-held-in-lebanon-following-two-suicide-attacks-in-the-capital-beirut-which-killed-at-least-43-peop.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon_
6. [2015 Beirut bombings:. Lebanese Interior Minister Nouhad Machnouk reports at least 43 people were killed and more than 239 wounded as two, simultaneous suicide bomb blasts hit a Shi'ite community center and a nearby bakery in the Beirut suburb of Bourj el-Barajneh, a section of the Lebanese capital controlled by Hezbollah. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. Machnouk said a third suicide bomber had been killed by one of the explosions before he could detonate his own bomb. The bombers struck as Lebanese lawmakers held a legislative session for the first time in over a year. ](/news/2015/11/12/2015-beirut-bombings-lebanese-interior-minister-nouhad-machnouk-reports-at-least-43-people-were-killed-and-more-than-239-wounded-as-two-s.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon_
7. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. Ebola virus cases in the United States. United States authorities announce mandatory Ebola screening will end for travelers from Liberia to five U.S. airports, effective September 21, 2015. Screening of travelers from Sierra Leone and Guinea will continue. ](/news/2015/09/18/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-ebola-virus-cases-in-the-united-states-united-states-authorities-announce-mandatory-ebola-screening-wi.md) _Context: Guinea, Sierra Leone_
8. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. Two new cases of ebola virus disease are reported from Sierra Leone-s capital city of Freetown about three weeks after the most recent new cases were found.](/news/2015/06/22/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-two-new-cases-of-ebola-virus-disease-are-reported-from-sierra-leone-s-capital-city-of-freetown-about.md) _Context: Freetown, Sierra Leone_
9. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. Sierra Leone quarantines 700 homes in the Aberdeen district of Freetown following the death of a fisherman. ](/news/2015/02/13/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-sierra-leone-quarantines-700-homes-in-the-aberdeen-district-of-freetown-following-the-death-of-a-fisher.md) _Context: Freetown, Sierra Leone_
10. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. The World Health Organization reports that the death toll in the three worst affected countries in West Africa - Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone - has passed 5,000. ](/news/2014/11/13/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-the-world-health-organization-reports-that-the-death-toll-in-the-three-worst-affected-countries-in-west.md) _Context: Guinea, Sierra Leone_
