### [2003-12-25](/news/2003/12/25/index.md)

#  An Israeli helicopter gunship attacks a car in Gaza City, killing Islamic Jihad commander Mekled Hameid and two fellow militants, together with two bystanders. 




### Related:

1. [ Israeli Defense Forces and Hamas and Islamic Jihad militants battle in Sheikh Ajleen, a suburb of Gaza City. ](/news/2009/01/11/israeli-defense-forces-and-hamas-and-islamic-jihad-militants-battle-in-sheikh-ajleen-a-suburb-of-gaza-city.md) _Context: Gaza, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine_
2. [ The United Nations compound in Gaza City is stormed and ransacked by Palestinians protesting the 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis. Members of the Islamic Jihad militant group threw stones and fired assault rifles. Eight vehicles were damaged and five people were wounded. [http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2006/07/30/AR2006073000294.html "(Washington Post)"]](/news/2006/07/30/the-united-nations-compound-in-gaza-city-is-stormed-and-ransacked-by-palestinians-protesting-the-2006-israel-lebanon-crisis-members-of-the.md) _Context: Gaza, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine_
3. [At least four Palestinians are injured following Israeli air strikes in Gaza that were reportedly in response to rockets launched into southern Israel by Hamas. ](/news/2017/02/28/at-least-four-palestinians-are-injured-following-israeli-air-strikes-in-gaza-that-were-reportedly-in-response-to-rockets-launched-into-south.md) _Context: Gaza_
4. [A 10-year-old Palestinian boy and his 6-year-old sister in Gaza are killed by fragments from a missile fired by an Israeli aircraft targeting four Hamas training camps after four missiles landed in open areas in southern Israel late yesterday. ](/news/2016/03/12/a-10-year-old-palestinian-boy-and-his-6-year-old-sister-in-gaza-are-killed-by-fragments-from-a-missile-fired-by-an-israeli-aircraft-targetin.md) _Context: Gaza_
5. [Eighteen people die in airstrikes on Gaza City as the fighting intensifies. IDF reported performing over 200 airstrikes today. ](/news/2014/07/29/eighteen-people-die-in-airstrikes-on-gaza-city-as-the-fighting-intensifies-idf-reported-performing-over-200-airstrikes-today.md) _Context: Gaza_
6. [At least 100 rockets have been fired from Gaza into southern Israel over the last 3 days, with the Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine claiming responsibility. The IDF responded by shelling two alleged PIJ targets. ](/news/2014/03/13/at-least-100-rockets-have-been-fired-from-gaza-into-southern-israel-over-the-last-3-days-with-the-islamic-jihad-movement-in-palestine-claim.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine_
7. [The Israeli Air Force carries out an air strike seriously injuring one Palestinian Islamic Jihad operative in the Gaza Strip and wounding two others. ](/news/2014/01/19/the-israeli-air-force-carries-out-an-air-strike-seriously-injuring-one-palestinian-islamic-jihad-operative-in-the-gaza-strip-and-wounding-tw.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine_
8. [An Israeli air strike on Gaza City kills Hitham Maskhal, a well known Palestinian militant and injures another in the first such attack since the November ceasefire. Both suspected Palestinian militants were part of the militant group which fired rockets at the southern Israeli city of Eilat two weeks ago. ](/news/2013/04/30/an-israeli-air-strike-on-gaza-city-kills-hitham-maskhal-a-well-known-palestinian-militant-and-injures-another-in-the-first-such-attack-sinc.md) _Context: Gaza_
9. [Israeli police and Shin Bet arrest several suspects in relation to the bombing of a public bus in Tel Aviv. The suspects claim affiliation with Hamas and Islamic Jihad and reveal they planted the bomb on the bus and detonated it remotely using a cell phone. ](/news/2012/11/22/israeli-police-and-shin-bet-arrest-several-suspects-in-relation-to-the-bombing-of-a-public-bus-in-tel-aviv-the-suspects-claim-affiliation-w.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine_
10. [Israeli air strikes kill at least 20 Palestinians in the Gaza Strip including Islamic Jihad members, while over 130 rockets are fired towards Israel injuring several, amid ceasefire talks in Egypt. ](/news/2012/11/19/israeli-air-strikes-kill-at-least-20-palestinians-in-the-gaza-strip-including-islamic-jihad-members-while-over-130-rockets-are-fired-toward.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine_
