### [2003-12-25](/news/2003/12/25/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:. An Israeli helicopter gunship attacks a car in Gaza City, killing Islamic Jihad commander Mekled Hameid and two fellow militants, together with two bystanders. 




### Related:

1. [ Israeli Defense Forces and Hamas and Islamic Jihad militants battle in Sheikh Ajleen, a suburb of Gaza City. ](/news/2009/01/11/israeli-defense-forces-and-hamas-and-islamic-jihad-militants-battle-in-sheikh-ajleen-a-suburb-of-gaza-city.md) _Context: Gaza, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine_
2. [ The United Nations compound in Gaza City is stormed and ransacked by Palestinians protesting the 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis. Members of the Islamic Jihad militant group threw stones and fired assault rifles. Eight vehicles were damaged and five people were wounded. [http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2006/07/30/AR2006073000294.html "(Washington Post)"]](/news/2006/07/30/the-united-nations-compound-in-gaza-city-is-stormed-and-ransacked-by-palestinians-protesting-the-2006-israel-lebanon-crisis-members-of-the.md) _Context: Gaza, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):. At least nine people are killed in Israeli air raids in the east of Gaza City, including a three-year-old girl, according to medical sources. ](/news/2006/07/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-at-least-nine-people-are-killed-in-israeli-air-raids-in-the-east-of-gaza-city-incl.md) _Context: Gaza, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):. Two Hamas militants killed in two Israeli air strikes in the Gaza Strip, one of them on a house in Gaza city. ](/news/2006/07/15/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-two-hamas-militants-killed-in-two-israeli-air-strikes-in-the-gaza-strip-one-of-the.md) _Context: Gaza, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict. An Israeli air strike destroys the Palestinian Foreign Ministry Building in Gaza City. ](/news/2006/07/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-an-israeli-air-strike-destroys-the-palestinian-foreign-ministry-building-in-gaza-city.md) _Context: Gaza, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. The IDF killed Elias al-Ashkar, the senior Islamic Jihad commander in the Jenin area who was accused of planning several suicide attacks that killed nearly 30 people, including US high-school student Daniel Wultz. Six other Palestinians were also killed. ](/news/2006/05/14/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-idf-killed-elias-al-ashkar-the-senior-islamic-jihad-commander-in-the-jenin-area-who-was-accused-of-plan.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel launches a series of air strikes as reprisals after the Palestinians fired Qassam rockets, hitting what local officials called an Islamic Jihad charity in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/12/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-launches-a-series-of-air-strikes-as-reprisals-after-the-palestinians-fired-qassam-rockets-hitting-wha.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: An Israeli settler dies following a drive-by shooting claimed by the al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades and Islamic Jihad. ](/news/2005/12/16/israeli-palestinian-conflict-an-israeli-settler-dies-following-a-drive-by-shooting-claimed-by-the-al-aqsa-martyrs-brigades-and-islamic-ji.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. One Israeli is killed in West Bank ambush after Palestinian militants shot his car. The Islamic Jihad claimed responsibility, calling it retaliation for arrests of Islamic Jihad members. [http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3101323,00.html (Ynet)], [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/589578.html (Haaretz)]. An unarmed Palestinian teenager, Ihab an-Nabahin, is shot by Israelis in a closed border area of the Gaza Strip, and killed according to Palestinian sources. ([http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4110466.stm BBC]) ([http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/B65FF554-B970-4C7A-BF73-F874BA839EE4.htm Al-Jazeera]). According to the Israeli army, a Palestinian female suicide bomber was caught in the Erez Crossing, carrying explosives and a detonator in her underwear. Israeli media added that she planned to carry out a suicide bombing attack in the Soroka hospital, where she received medical treatment and was scheduled for a doctor's appointment (the army has not confirmed this.) The woman was identified as Wafa Samir Ibrahim Bass and said she was sent by the Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades. The al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades decline to comment. [http://www.haaretz.com (Haaretz NewsFlash)], [http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3101498,00.html (Ynet)] ([http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4110466.stm BBC]) ([http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/B65FF554-B970-4C7A-BF73-F874BA839EE4.htm Al-Jazeera])](/news/2005/06/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-one-israeli-is-killed-in-west-bank-ambush-after-palestinian-militants-shot-his-car-the-islamic-jihad-claime.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:. Two alleged Islamic Jihad members, involved in a twin suicide bombing attempt on Jerusalem were arrested by IDF forces. ](/news/2005/06/2/israeli-palestinian-conflict-two-alleged-islamic-jihad-members-involved-in-a-twin-suicide-bombing-attempt-on-jerusalem-were-arrested-by.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
