### [2003-09-21](/news/2003/09/21/index.md)

#  Espionage: The "Washington Times" reveals the arrest of U.S. Army Captain James Yee, an Islamic chaplain at the Guantanamo Bay naval base, for officials, speaking on condition of anonymity, state that FBI agents discovered classified documents carried by Yee and were questioning him before handing him over to the military.




### Related:

1. [ The U.S. military drops all charges of alleged mishandling of classified information against Muslim Army chaplain Yousef Yee at Guantanamo Bay.](/news/2004/03/19/the-u-s-military-drops-all-charges-of-alleged-mishandling-of-classified-information-against-muslim-army-chaplain-yousef-yee-at-guantanamo.md) _Context: Guantnamo Bay detainment camp, chaplain_
2. [An improvised explosive device goes off at a mosque in Bloomington, Minnesota. No injuries were reported, and the FBI is investigating the case. ](/news/2017/08/5/an-improvised-explosive-device-goes-off-at-a-mosque-in-bloomington-minnesota-no-injuries-were-reported-and-the-fbi-is-investigating-the-c.md) _Context: FBI_
3. [Alleged Russian hackers have penetrated the computer network of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) and have gained access to the entire database of research on Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump, according to committee officials and security experts. The DNC says that no financial, donor or personal information appears to have been accessed or taken, suggesting that the breach was traditional espionage, and not the work of criminal hackers. ](/news/2016/06/14/alleged-russian-hackers-have-penetrated-the-computer-network-of-the-democratic-national-committee-dnc-and-have-gained-access-to-the-entire.md) _Context: espionage_
4. [The United States Department of Justice files a motion to compel Apple Inc. to comply with a court order to help the FBI hack a phone used by an attacker in the 2015 San Bernardino attack. ](/news/2016/02/19/the-united-states-department-of-justice-files-a-motion-to-compel-apple-inc-to-comply-with-a-court-order-to-help-the-fbi-hack-a-phone-used-b.md) _Context: FBI_
5. [Iranian Judiciary spokesman Gholamhossein Mohseni Ejei says an Iranian court sentenced "Washington Post" reporter Jason Rezaian to a prison term, length unspecified, for espionage. Mohseni Eje said, "I cannot give details." Post foreign editor Douglas Jehl said this might move the case closer to a final resolution in the judiciary, so it can then go to Iranian leaders who can make things right. ](/news/2015/11/22/iranian-judiciary-spokesman-gholamhossein-mohseni-ejei-says-an-iranian-court-sentenced-washington-post-reporter-jason-rezaian-to-a-prison.md) _Context: espionage_
6. [Israeli agent Jonathan Pollard, a former U.S. intelligence analyst convicted and sentenced to a life imprisonment for providing top secret classified information to Israel, will be released by the Obama Administration on parole tomorrow after serving 30 years in a U.S. federal prison. He will be given an ankle monitor while he completes five years of parole in America. ](/news/2015/11/19/israeli-agent-jonathan-pollard-a-former-u-s-intelligence-analyst-convicted-and-sentenced-to-a-life-imprisonment-for-providing-top-secret-c.md) _Context: espionage_
7. [An FBI investigation has reportedly found that criminal networks specializing in nuclear smuggling in Eastern Europe, particularly in the nation of Moldova, have shipped radioactive material to 'Middle Eastern extremists', including the Islamic State (which in the recent past has threatened to unleash a nuclear holocaust to 'wipe the West off the face of the Earth'). ](/news/2015/10/7/an-fbi-investigation-has-reportedly-found-that-criminal-networks-specializing-in-nuclear-smuggling-in-eastern-europe-particularly-in-the-na.md) _Context: FBI_
8. [The European Union narrowly votes (285-281) to recommend that its 28 member nations drop criminal charges against Edward Snowden and protect him from U.S. extradition and to recognize him as a defender of human rights because of his revelations regarding U.S. and British spying. ](/news/2015/10/29/the-european-union-narrowly-votes-285a281-to-recommend-that-its-28-member-nations-drop-criminal-charges-against-edward-snowden-and-prote.md) _Context: espionage_
9. [Iranian State television reports that court spokesman Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i clarified the Iranian-American reporter's verdict -- "Washington Post's" Jason Rezaian was convicted in a closed-door espionage trial that ended two months ago. Details remain unknown. Rezaian faced four charges; it's not clear whether he was convicted of all charges nor what sentence was imposed. Leila Ahsan, Rezaian's lawyer, also had not received the verdict as of Sunday. Post executive editor Martin Baron says they will appeal. ](/news/2015/10/12/iranian-state-television-reports-that-court-spokesman-gholam-hossein-mohseni-eje-i-clarified-the-iranian-american-reporter-s-verdict-was.md) _Context: espionage_
10. [A court in Russia sentences Estonian security official Eston Kohver to 15 years in prison for espionage. ](/news/2015/08/19/a-court-in-russia-sentences-estonian-security-official-eston-kohver-to-15-years-in-prison-for-espionage.md) _Context: espionage_
