### [2003-09-21](/news/2003/09/21/index.md)

#  Germany: State elections in the state of Bavaria show a great success for the governing CSU of Edmund Stoiber, scoring over 60%. The nationally governing SPD is down to 19%, a historic low point.




### Related:

1. [ The longest reigning minister-president in 200 years in Bavaria, Edmund Stoiber, quits his position as minister-president and chairman of the CSU. Stoiber held the first position from 1993 and the second position from 1999. ](/news/2007/01/18/the-longest-reigning-minister-president-in-200-years-in-bavaria-edmund-stoiber-quits-his-position-as-minister-president-and-chairman-of-t.md) _Context: Bavaria, Edmund Stoiber_
2. [ After two months of negotiations, Angela Merkel is elected the first female Chancellor of Germany by a coalition of the CDU/CSU and SPD delegates in the Bundestag. ](/news/2005/11/22/after-two-months-of-negotiations-angela-merkel-is-elected-the-first-female-chancellor-of-germany-by-a-coalition-of-the-cdu-csu-and-spd-del.md) _Context: CSU, SPD_
3. [ Germany: Conferences of the CDU, CSU and SPD approve a coalition deal that will see Angela Merkel become Chancellor on November 22. ](/news/2005/11/14/germany-conferences-of-the-cdu-csu-and-spd-approve-a-coalition-deal-that-will-see-angela-merkel-become-chancellor-on-november-22.md) _Context: CSU, SPD_
4. [ Federal elections are held in Germany. Provisional results give the CDU/CSU 35.2% of the vote and 225 seats, the SPD 34.3% and 222 seats, FDP 9.8% and 61 seats, the Left Party 8.7% and 54 seats, and the Green party 8.1% and 51 seats. There is likely to be several weeks of horse trading to form a workable coalition. ](/news/2005/09/18/federal-elections-are-held-in-germany-provisional-results-give-the-cdu-csu-35-2-of-the-vote-and-225-seats-the-spd-34-3-and-222-seats-f.md) _Context: CSU, SPD_
5. [ Politics of Germany, Bundestag, List of political parties in Germany (SPD, CDU/CSU, Greens, FDP, PDS) People: Guido Westerwelle (Chancellor-Candidate of the FDP)](/news/2002/09/22/politics-of-germany-bundestag-list-of-political-parties-in-germany-spd-cdu-csu-greens-fdp-pds-people-guido-westerwelle-chancellor.md) _Context: CSU, SPD_
6. [Eighteen people are dead after a bus collides with a truck in the German state of Bavaria. ](/news/2017/07/3/eighteen-people-are-dead-after-a-bus-collides-with-a-truck-in-the-german-state-of-bavaria.md) _Context: Bavaria_
7. [Voters in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia head to the polls, with the media suggesting a victory for Angela Merkel's CDU over the SPD, who have lead the state for all but five years since 1966. ](/news/2017/05/14/voters-in-the-german-state-of-north-rhine-westphalia-head-to-the-polls-with-the-media-suggesting-a-victory-for-angela-merkel-s-cdu-over-the.md) _Context: SPD_
8. [The Social Democratic Party of Germany endorses Martin Schulz as its leader. ](/news/2017/03/19/the-social-democratic-party-of-germany-endorses-martin-schulz-as-its-leader.md) _Context: SPD_
9. [ A German train controller, who was operating the tracks where two trains collided on February 9 near the town of Bad Aibling, Bavaria, is arrested on possible manslaughter charges. Prosecutors say the controller had been playing a game on his mobile phone, which led to his making signalling errors. The crash resulted in 11 deaths and 85 injuries, 24 serious. ](/news/2016/04/12/a-german-train-controller-who-was-operating-the-tracks-where-two-trains-collided-on-february-9-near-the-town-of-bad-aibling-bavaria-is-a.md) _Context: Bavaria_
10. [Regional elections take place in the German states of Baden-Wurttemberg, Rhineland-Palatinate and Saxony-Anhalt with the governing Christian Democratic Union performing poorly, the centre-left Social Democratic Party of Germany winning in Rhineland-Palatinate, and the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany performing well in all three states. ](/news/2016/03/13/regional-elections-take-place-in-the-german-states-of-baden-wa1-4rttemberg-rhineland-palatinate-and-saxony-anhalt-with-the-governing-christia.md) _Context: SPD_
