### [2003-09-21](/news/2003/09/21/index.md)

#  Iraq: To open up its economy, the Iraq leadership council unveils sweeping free market reforms permitting foreign investment and imposes income taxes - but keeps oil under government control.




### Related:

1. [ The Iraqi government blames Al Qaeda ally Abu Musab al-Zarqawi for a series of church bombings that killed at least 11 people, saying the aim was to spark religious strife and drive Christians out of the country. ](/news/2004/08/2/the-iraqi-government-blames-al-qaeda-ally-abu-musab-al-zarqawi-for-a-series-of-church-bombings-that-killed-at-least-11-people-saying-the-a.md) _Context: Iraq, form of government_
2. [ Bombs detonated against oil pipelines in Iraq result in the main Iraqi oil terminal being shut down for at least 10 days, an estimated revenue loss of USD 600 million to the Iraqi government. ](/news/2004/06/15/bombs-detonated-against-oil-pipelines-in-iraq-result-in-the-main-iraqi-oil-terminal-being-shut-down-for-at-least-10-days-an-estimated-reve.md) _Context: Iraq, oil_
3. [ United States forces and Iraqi police raid the home of controversial Iraqi Governing Council member Ahmed Chalabi, arresting several members of the Iraqi National Congress and seizing documents. The US severs its financial ties with the group, and accuses it of currency exchange racketeering, theft, and obstructing the Oil for food investigation. ](/news/2004/05/20/united-states-forces-and-iraqi-police-raid-the-home-of-controversial-iraqi-governing-council-member-ahmed-chalabi-arresting-several-member.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Governing Council_
4. [ Occupation of Iraq: The Turkish Parliament votes (358-to-183) to approve the dispatch of peacekeepers to Iraq, in a major victory for United States efforts to broaden foreign involvement in Iraq. In Baghdad, Iraqi Governing Council officials state that they would oppose any new foreign troop deployment to Iraq. No formal decision had been made by the Council and leaders of the council have stated they would support this if the United States requested this.](/news/2003/10/7/occupation-of-iraq-the-turkish-parliament-votes-358-to-183-to-approve-the-dispatch-of-peacekeepers-to-iraq-in-a-major-victory-for-unite.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Governing Council_
5. [ 2003 occupation of Iraq: New draft resolution being circulated at the United Nations aims at getting international aid. The resolution sets a deadline for initial steps, if only for a transitional step, toward restoring Iraqi sovereignty, giving the Iraqi Governing Council until December 15 to develop a timetable for writing a constitution and holding elections. The Bush administration proposes that the United Nations recognize the Iraqi Governing Council as a unit that "will embody the sovereignty" of Iraq until the country returns to self-rule.](/news/2003/10/13/2003-occupation-of-iraq-new-draft-resolution-being-circulated-at-the-united-nations-aims-at-getting-international-aid-the-resolution-sets.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Governing Council_
6. [ Iraq: The Iraqi Governing Council gains the seat at the Arab League left open since Saddam Hussein's ouster by the US-led coalition earlier that year. The council, which was formed under US auspices, seems to have taken a step toward sovereign legitimacy in the eyes of the international community.](/news/2003/09/9/iraq-the-iraqi-governing-council-gains-the-seat-at-the-arab-league-left-open-since-saddam-hussein-s-ouster-by-the-us-led-coalition-earlier.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Governing Council_
7. [ Iraq: A U.S.-led coalition-backed Iraqi Governing Council member, Ayad Allawi, announces restrictions of the operations of TV networks al Jazeera and al-Arabiya. The networks are barred from reporting on official activities and news conferences and from entering ministries and office buildings for the next two weeks. The council claims they incited anti-occupation violence (by airing statements from resistance leaders; specifically broadcasting a video of "terrorists terrorizing Iraqis"), increased ethnic and sectarian tensions and were supportive of the lawless resistance. Allawi hopes the ban sends a "very clear message" to other stations. Al Jazeera responds that it is trying to give a balanced view of the current situation in Iraq and that it considers its ethical standards to be similar to western ones. The Coalition Provisional Authority has not responded to inquiries about the announcement.](/news/2003/09/23/iraq-a-u-s-led-coalition-backed-iraqi-governing-council-member-ayad-allawi-announces-restrictions-of-the-operations-of-tv-networks-al-j.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Governing Council_
8. [ Saboteurs cause a series of explosions that damaged oil and water pipelines in Iraq.](/news/2003/08/17/saboteurs-cause-a-series-of-explosions-that-damaged-oil-and-water-pipelines-in-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, oil_
9. [ The US Iraqi Governing Council announces that it has failed to select a new Iraqi President.](/news/2003/07/19/the-us-iraqi-governing-council-announces-that-it-has-failed-to-select-a-new-iraqi-president.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Governing Council_
10. [ The Iraqi oil pipeline near Baiji catches fire, following two explosions](/news/2003/06/13/the-iraqi-oil-pipeline-near-baiji-catches-fire-following-two-explosions.md) _Context: Iraq, oil_
