### [2003-09-21](/news/2003/09/21/index.md)

#  Terrorism - 9/11: Khalid Shaikh Mohammed, mastermind of the September 11 attacks, tells interrogators he first discussed the plot with Osama bin Laden in 1996. The original plan, and its evolution, are told to an interrogator, along with the answers to several questions over the attacks.




### Related:

1. [ Salim Hamdan, the former driver for Osama Bin Laden, is convicted of supporting terrorism in the United States in the first military war crimes trial of a terror suspect captured after the September 11, 2001 attacks. ](/news/2008/08/6/salim-hamdan-the-former-driver-for-osama-bin-laden-is-convicted-of-supporting-terrorism-in-the-united-states-in-the-first-military-war-cr.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, September 11, 2001 attacks, terrorism_
2. [ The first terrorism trial of a Guantanamo Bay inmate begins with Salim Ahmed Hamdan, the former driver and bodyguard of Osama bin Laden, pleading not guilty. ](/news/2008/07/21/the-first-terrorism-trial-of-a-guantanamo-bay-inmate-begins-with-salim-ahmed-hamdan-the-former-driver-and-bodyguard-of-osama-bin-laden-pl.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, terrorism_
3. [ An Islamist website claims it will soon carry a new video of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden to mark the sixth anniversary of the September 11, 2001 attacks on U.S. cities. ](/news/2007/09/6/an-islamist-website-claims-it-will-soon-carry-a-new-video-of-al-qaeda-leader-osama-bin-laden-to-mark-the-sixth-anniversary-of-the-september.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, September 11, 2001 attacks_
4. [ A voice purporting to be that of Al-Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden says on an audiotape that Zacarias Moussaoui had no link to the September 11, 2001 attacks. ](/news/2006/05/23/a-voice-purporting-to-be-that-of-al-qaeda-leader-osama-bin-laden-says-on-an-audiotape-that-zacarias-moussaoui-had-no-link-to-the-september.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, September 11, 2001 attacks_
5. [ The Pakistani government announces that it has captured Abu Faraj al-Libbi. If verified, this is the most important Al-Qaeda suspect to have been arrested thus far. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/4512885.stm (BBC)] A former Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) agent reveals the CIA sent a team to Afghanistan only days after the September 11, 2001 attacks with orders to ""Capture Bin Laden, kill him and bring his head back in a box on dry ice"" and to leave other Al-Qaeda leaders' ""heads up on pikes."" [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/4511943.stm (BBC)] (Wikinews)](/news/2005/05/4/the-pakistani-government-announces-that-it-has-captured-abu-faraj-al-libbi-if-verified-this-is-the-most-important-al-qaeda-suspect-to-hav.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, September 11, 2001 attacks_
6. [ September 11, 2001 attacks: A previously unreleased portion of the 9/11 Commission's report details that the Federal Aviation Administration received 52 intelligence reports on potential terrorist attacks by al-Qaeda before September 11, 2001. ](/news/2005/02/10/september-11-2001-attacks-a-previously-unreleased-portion-of-the-9-11-commission-s-report-details-that-the-federal-aviation-administratio.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks, terrorism_
7. [ September 11, 2001, attacks: About 8,000 photographs recovered from the ruins of the World Trade Center after the terrorist attacks have been restored and will be posted on a restricted-access website for people to identify and claim by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey on January 18. ](/news/2005/01/8/september-11-2001-attacks-about-8-000-photographs-recovered-from-the-ruins-of-the-world-trade-center-after-the-terrorist-attacks-have-be.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks, terrorism_
8. [ Michael Scheuer, a senior intelligence official in the U.S. CIA, claims that the number of "experienced" officers assigned to the agency's Osama bin Laden unit is fewer than before the 9/11 Attacks. Scheuer claims that the most experienced have been reassigned elsewhere in the homeland security apparatus or are in Iraq. ](/news/2004/11/8/michael-scheuer-a-senior-intelligence-official-in-the-u-s-cia-claims-that-the-number-of-experienced-officers-assigned-to-the-agency-s.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, September 11, 2001 attacks_
9. [ United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld and Secretary of State Colin Powell defend their pre-September 11 actions, saying that even if Osama bin Laden had been killed, the attacks on the World Trade Center and The Pentagon would have still occurred. Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright and former Secretary of Defense William Cohen also testify before the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States. ](/news/2004/03/23/united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-and-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-defend-their-pre-september-11-actions-saying-that-e.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, September 11, 2001 attacks_
10. [ Terrorism: On the eve of the second anniversary of the September 11 terrorist attacks, the Arabic-language television channel Al Jazeera airs a videotape, purportedly from Osama bin Laden. The videotape shows two men, including one meant to be bin Laden, walking down an (unidentified) rocky hillside. Al Jazeera said the other man seen on the tape, carrying an automatic rifle, was Ayman al-Zawahri, the Egyptian physician who merged his Islamic Jihad organization with Al Qaeda. The tape was claimed to have been made in late April or early May. An accompanying audiotape, attributed to the deputy, Ayman al-Zawahri, called on Iraqis to "bury" American troops in Iraq.](/news/2003/09/10/terrorism-on-the-eve-of-the-second-anniversary-of-the-september-11-terrorist-attacks-the-arabic-language-television-channel-al-jazeera-ai.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, terrorism_
