### [2012-11-5](/news/2012/11/5/index.md)

# British Prime Minister David Cameron orders a fresh investigation into allegations of sexual abuse involving a senior Conservative politician from the Thatcher era. The allegations concern sexual abuse at children's homes in Wales during the 1970s and 1980s. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-20204687)

### Related:

1. [Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leader-of-the-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-d.md) _Context: Conservatives, David Cameron_
2. [The process to elect a new leader of the Conservative Party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron begins in the United Kingdom. The Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb is the first Conservative Party politician to announce his official candidacy for leader. ](/news/2016/06/29/the-process-to-elect-a-new-leader-of-the-conservative-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-david-cameron-begins-in-the-united-kingdom-t.md) _Context: Conservatives, David Cameron_
3. [British Prime Minister David Cameron, under pressure from Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn and the Foreign Affairs Committee, will not ask for a vote by Parliament to join the U.S. airstrikes in Syria. ](/news/2015/11/5/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-under-pressure-from-labour-party-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-the-foreign-affairs-committee-will-not-ask.md) _Context: British Prime Minister, David Cameron_
4. [Labour deputy leader Tom Watson demands party leader Jeremy Corbyn, who opposes PM David Cameron's (Conservative) proposed air strikes on Syria, to ensure MPs are given a free vote on the proposal this Tuesday. ](/news/2015/11/29/labour-deputy-leader-tom-watson-demands-party-leader-jeremy-corbyn-who-opposes-pm-david-cameron-s-conservative-proposed-air-strikes-on-sy.md) _Context: Conservatives, David Cameron_
5. [British Prime Minister David Cameron, in a speech to the House of Commons says that Islamic extremists have already threatened citizens of the United Kingdom and UK military airstrikes against ISIL in Syria will serve only to make the UK safer.  Cameron also says that the UK cannot outsource its security and must stand by France in the wake of the November 2015 Paris attacks. ](/news/2015/11/26/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-in-a-speech-to-the-house-of-commons-says-that-islamic-extremists-have-already-threatened-citizens-of-t.md) _Context: British Prime Minister, David Cameron_
6. [British Prime Minister David Cameron says he will "win people back" after his party, the Conservatives came third in the Eastleigh by-election behind the Liberal Democrats and UK Independence Party. ](/news/2013/03/1/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-says-he-will-win-people-back-after-his-party-the-conservatives-came-third-in-the-eastleigh-by-electi.md) _Context: Conservatives, David Cameron_
7. [In the wake of the Cash for Access scandal British Prime Minister, David Cameron publishes details of Conservative Party donors who have had dinner with him at 10 Downing Street. ](/news/2012/03/26/in-the-wake-of-the-cash-for-access-scandal-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-publishes-details-of-conservative-party-donors-who-have-had.md) _Context: Conservatives, David Cameron_
8. [Peter Cruddas resigns as treasurer of Britain's Conservative Party after he was filmed selling access to Prime Minister David Cameron for PS250,000. ](/news/2012/03/25/peter-cruddas-resigns-as-treasurer-of-britain-s-conservative-party-after-he-was-filmed-selling-access-to-prime-minister-david-cameron-for-aps.md) _Context: Conservatives, David Cameron_
9. [''The Sunday Times'' releases a video showing British Conservative Party co-treasurer Peter Cruddas allegedly offering undercover reporters access to UK Prime Minister David Cameron for 250,000. ](/news/2012/03/24/the-sunday-times-releases-a-video-showing-british-conservative-party-co-treasurer-peter-cruddas-allegedly-offering-undercover-reporters.md) _Context: Conservatives, David Cameron_
10. [The British House of Commons votes to reject a proposed referendum on Britain's membership of the European Union, with 483 MPs voting against the proposal and 111 voting in favour. Among those who supported the proposal were 81 Conservative Party members, who rebelled against the anti-referendum stance of Prime Minister David Cameron, the leader of the Conservative Party. ](/news/2011/10/24/the-british-house-of-commons-votes-to-reject-a-proposed-referendum-on-britain-s-membership-of-the-european-union-with-483-mps-voting-agains.md) _Context: Conservatives, David Cameron_
