### [2012-11-5](/news/2012/11/5/index.md)

# The biennial naval training exercise Keen Sword between the United States Navy and the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force commences off the shore off Okinawa amid tension with China. 

The US and Japan begin joint military exercises, amid simmering tensions with China over disputed islands in the East China Sea.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-20202357)

### Related:

1. [A Japanese Navy submarine makes a port call in the Philippines, the first in fifteen years, in a show of growing military cooperation amid tension triggered by China's growing assertiveness in the South China Sea. It was escorted into the former U.S. Naval Base at Subic Bay by two Japanese destroyers on a tour of Southeast Asia. ](/news/2016/04/3/a-japanese-navy-submarine-makes-a-port-call-in-the-philippines-the-first-in-fifteen-years-in-a-show-of-growing-military-cooperation-amid-t.md) _Context: China, Japanese Navy_
2. [U.S. officials say the U.S. Navy deliberately avoided military drills or other actions that could have further inflamed tensions with Beijing during the USS Lassen's patrol in the South China Sea last week.  For instance, the Lassen turned off its fire-control radars while transiting within 12 nautical miles of Subi Reef. On its part, the Chinese destroyer following the Lassen was, "very cordial the entire time ...  before and after the Spratly Islands transit," said the Lassen's commanding officer, Commander Robert Francis. ](/news/2015/11/6/u-s-officials-say-the-u-s-navy-deliberately-avoided-military-drills-or-other-actions-that-could-have-further-inflamed-tensions-with-beijin.md) _Context: China, United States Navy_
3. [Japan's prime minister Shinzo Abe says he is considering sending Japanese Navy warships to the South China Sea to back-up U.S. naval operations, saying, "With regard to activity by the Self-Defense Forces in the South China Sea, I will consider it while focusing on what effect the situation has on Japan's security." In response, China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson, Hong Lei, told Chinese state media that China will remain on "high alert for intervention by Japan in the South China Sea issue". ](/news/2015/11/21/japan-s-prime-minister-shinza-abe-says-he-is-considering-sending-japanese-navy-warships-to-the-south-china-sea-to-back-up-u-s-naval-operat.md) _Context: China, Japanese Navy_
4. [A United States Navy ship, the USS ''Lassen'', sails near the Spratly Islands, challenging Beijing's claim that the islands are Chinese territory. China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs strongly condemned the actions of the United States in the South China Sea, saying "China will firmly react to this deliberate provocation". ](/news/2015/10/27/a-united-states-navy-ship-the-uss-lassen-sails-near-the-spratly-islands-challenging-beijing-s-claim-that-the-islands-are-chinese-terr.md) _Context: China, United States Navy_
5. [The U.S. Navy plans to send guided missile destroyer USS Lassen within 12 nautical miles of artificial islands built by China in the South China Sea. This first freedom of navigation challenge to China's territorial claims in one of the world's busiest sea lanes may occur as soon as tomorrow, according to a U.S. defense official. ](/news/2015/10/26/the-u-s-navy-plans-to-send-guided-missile-destroyer-uss-lassen-within-12-nautical-miles-of-artificial-islands-built-by-china-in-the-south-c.md) _Context: China, United States Navy_
6. [The United States Navy and the Japanese Maritime Self-Defense Force held a triennial fleet review off Tokyo Bay. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe became the first sitting Japanese leader to board a U.S. aircraft carrier when he visited the USS ''Ronald Reagan''. ](/news/2015/10/19/the-united-states-navy-and-the-japanese-maritime-self-defense-force-held-a-triennial-fleet-review-off-tokyo-bay-prime-minister-shinzo-abe-b.md) _Context: Japanese Navy, United States Navy_
7. [Two U.S. sailors are arrested over an alleged rape of a Japanese woman on Okinawa. ](/news/2012/10/17/two-u-s-sailors-are-arrested-over-an-alleged-rape-of-a-japanese-woman-on-okinawa.md) _Context: Okinawa, United States Navy_
8. [ The United States Navy, Royal Australian Navy, Indian Navy, the Japan Maritime Self-Defense Force and Republic of Singapore Navy conduct exercises in the Bay of Bengal, ](/news/2007/09/4/the-united-states-navy-royal-australian-navy-indian-navy-the-japan-maritime-self-defense-force-and-republic-of-singapore-navy-conduct-ex.md) _Context: Japanese Navy, United States Navy_
9. [A magnitude 6.5 earthquake strikes Sichuan in southwest China, killing at least five people and injuring more than 60. ](/news/2017/08/8/a-magnitude-6-5-earthquake-strikes-sichuan-in-southwest-china-killing-at-least-five-people-and-injuring-more-than-60.md) _Context: China_
10. [Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos.  ](/news/2017/08/2/teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece-of-faulty-dna.md) _Context: China_
