### [2012-06-21](/news/2012/06/21/index.md)

# Moody's downgrades the credit rating of 15 major world banks: UK (The Royal Bank of Scotland, Barclays and HSBC), US (Bank of America, Citigroup, Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan), Rest of world (Credit Suisse, UBS, BNP Paribas, Credit Agricole, Societe Generale, Deutsche Bank, Royal Bank of Canada and Morgan Stanley). 

Moody&rsquo;s Investors Service downgraded the debt ratings of 15 major international banks and securities firms on Thursday, a move that could cost the banks billions of dollars in extra collateral. 


### Source:

1. [CNBC](http://www.cnbc.com/id/47908669)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-18542691)

### Related:

1. [Five big banks Barclays, RBS, Citi, JP Morgan and UBS are fined $5.7 billion after a United States Department of Justice investigation into collusion by forex traders in several countries. The investigations estimated the banks profited over $100 billion from these crimes. ](/news/2015/05/20/five-big-banks-barclays-rbs-citi-jp-morgan-and-ubs-are-fined-5-7-billion-after-a-united-states-department-of-justice-investigation-into.md) _Context: Barclays, RBS, UBS_
2. [A watchdog group releases a report that details write-downs of $19 billion on more than 168,000 properties by five United States banks. Under terms of a federal and state settlement of foreclosure-processing violations reached one year ago in March, Bank of America lost the most and had $13.5 billion in homeowner debts written off. The other banks are Citigroup Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo & Co, and Ally Financial Inc. ](/news/2013/02/21/a-watchdog-group-releases-a-report-that-details-write-downs-of-19-billion-on-more-than-168-000-properties-by-five-united-states-banks-unde.md) _Context: Bank of America, Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase_
3. [For $8.5 billion, ten banks settle to stop mortgage foreclosure process audits. The United States government regulators had been engaged in a loan-by-loan review of home loan practices during the Great Recession. Bank of America, Citigroup Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo & Co, MetLife Bank, Aurora Bank FSB, PNC Financial Services Group Inc, Sovereign Bank NA, SunTrust Banks Inc, and U.S. Bancorp settle with regulators to pay out cash up to $125,000 to homeowners whose homes were being foreclosed when the paperwork problems emerged. Further, Bank of America agrees to pay $11.6 billion to government mortgage finance company Fannie Mae. ](/news/2013/01/7/for-8-5-billion-ten-banks-settle-to-stop-mortgage-foreclosure-process-audits-the-united-states-government-regulators-had-been-engaged-in.md) _Context: Bank of America, Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase_
4. [Credit rating agency Moody's downgrades the ratings of France's three biggest banks, Credit Agricole, BNP Paribas and Societe Generale. ](/news/2011/12/9/credit-rating-agency-moody-s-downgrades-the-ratings-of-france-s-three-biggest-banks-cra-c-dit-agricole-bnp-paribas-and-socia-c-ta-c-ga-c-na-c-rale.md) _Context: BNP Paribas, Crédit Agricole, Société Générale_
5. [ Bank of America, Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase agree to a US$75 billion plan designed to heal the credit markets. ](/news/2007/11/12/bank-of-america-citigroup-and-jpmorgan-chase-agree-to-a-us-75-billion-plan-designed-to-heal-the-credit-markets.md) _Context: Bank of America, Citigroup, JPMorgan Chase_
6. [Fannie Mae files a lawsuit for $800 million against nine different banks, including Citigroup and Bank of America, for manipulating the Libor benchmark interest rate. ](/news/2013/11/1/fannie-mae-files-a-lawsuit-for-800-million-against-nine-different-banks-including-citigroup-and-bank-of-america-for-manipulating-the-libo.md) _Context: Bank of America, Citigroup_
7. [Alcoa, Hewlett-Packard, and Bank of America will be dropped from the Dow Jones Industrial Average from next week to be replaced by Visa Inc., Nike, Inc and Goldman Sachs. ](/news/2013/09/10/alcoa-hewlett-packard-and-bank-of-america-will-be-dropped-from-the-dow-jones-industrial-average-from-next-week-to-be-replaced-by-visa-inc.md) _Context: Bank of America, Goldman Sachs_
8. [Banking giant UBS is fined $1.5 billion for attempting to manipulate the Libor interbank lending rate, becoming the second international bank, after Barclays, to be fined over the Libor scandal. ](/news/2012/12/19/banking-giant-ubs-is-fined-1-5-billion-for-attempting-to-manipulate-the-libor-interbank-lending-rate-becoming-the-second-international-ban.md) _Context: Barclays, UBS_
9. [The United States' largest bank, Bank of America, is surpassed by JPMorgan Chase in total assets, according to Bank of America's quarterly financial earnings report. ](/news/2011/10/19/the-united-states-largest-bank-bank-of-america-is-surpassed-by-jpmorgan-chase-in-total-assets-according-to-bank-of-america-s-quarterly-f.md) _Context: Bank of America, JPMorgan Chase_
10. [Internet retailer Overstock.com has amended its complaint in a long-standing lawsuit against Goldman Sachs and Merrill Lynch to demand treble damages under New Jersey's racketeering statute.  Merrill Lynch is a subsidiary of Bank of America. ](/news/2011/01/27/internet-retailer-overstock-com-has-amended-its-complaint-in-a-long-standing-lawsuit-against-goldman-sachs-and-merrill-lynch-to-demand-trebl.md) _Context: Bank of America, Goldman Sachs_
