### [2012-06-21](/news/2012/06/21/index.md)

# Penn State child sex abuse scandal:The adopted son of former football coach Jerry Sandusky says that Sandusky molested him. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2012/06/21/justice/pennsylvania-sandusky-trial/index.html?hpt=hp_t1)

### Related:

1. [Former Penn State assistant coach Jerry Sandusky is transferred to State Correctional Institution - Greene in Franklin Township, Pennsylvania, to serve his 30-to-60-year sentence on child sexual abuse charges. ](/news/2012/10/31/former-penn-state-assistant-coach-jerry-sandusky-is-transferred-to-state-correctional-institution-a-greene-in-franklin-township-pennsylva.md) _Context: Jerry Sandusky, Penn State child sex abuse scandal, sexual abuse_
2. [Charges of perjury and child endangerment, among others, are filed against former Penn State President Graham Spanier and two other administrators in connection with the Penn State scandal involving imprisoned former football coach Jerry Sandusky; new charges also are filed against Athletic Director Tim Curley and retired Vice President Gary Schultz, who are already under arrest on perjury and failure to report child abuse charges. ](/news/2012/11/1/charges-of-perjury-and-child-endangerment-among-others-are-filed-against-former-penn-state-president-graham-spanier-and-two-other-administ.md) _Context: Jerry Sandusky, Penn State child sex abuse scandal_
3. [Penn State child sex abuse scandal:An audio recording of Jerry Sandusky is released in which he "wonders what they've won". ](/news/2012/10/9/penn-state-child-sex-abuse-scandal-pan-audio-recording-of-jerry-sandusky-is-released-in-which-he-wonders-what-they-ve-won.md) _Context: Jerry Sandusky, Penn State child sex abuse scandal_
4. [Penn State's ex-president Graham Spanier rejects the report by former FBI head Louis Freeh accusing the university of a cover-up, saying he never heard even a hint of child sex abuse by Jerry Sandusky, despite indications of "horseplay", having never met a higher level of awareness. ](/news/2012/08/22/penn-state-s-ex-president-graham-spanier-rejects-the-report-by-former-fbi-head-louis-freeh-accusing-the-university-of-a-cover-up-saying-he.md) _Context: Jerry Sandusky, Penn State child sex abuse scandal_
5. [Jerry Sandusky, former American football coach at Pennsylvania State University, is convicted on 45 charges of child sex abuse. He is on suicide watch. ](/news/2012/06/22/jerry-sandusky-former-american-football-coach-at-pennsylvania-state-university-is-convicted-on-45-charges-of-child-sex-abuse-he-is-on-sui.md) _Context: American football, Jerry Sandusky_
6. [Former Pennsylvania State University president Graham Spanier, former vice president Gary Schultz, and former athletic director Timothy Curley are sentenced to prison for covering up ex-coach Jerry Sandusky's criminal sexual acts, thereby  letting him victimize more boys.  ](/news/2017/06/2/former-pennsylvania-state-university-president-graham-spanier-former-vice-president-gary-schultz-and-former-athletic-director-timothy-curl.md) _Context: Penn State child sex abuse scandal_
7. [In American football, Twitter wins the bidding contest over Amazon, Verizon, and others, for streaming rights to 10 of 16 National Football League (NFL) regular season ''Thursday Night Football Games'', ones that will also be telecast by either CBS or NBC. The league streamed one game last year with Yahoo!. Verizon, meanwhile, already owns the mobile rights to all NFL games which are available to subscribers via a mobile app; the 10 NFL games on Twitter will be free. ](/news/2016/04/5/in-american-football-twitter-wins-the-bidding-contest-over-amazon-verizon-and-others-for-streaming-rights-to-10-of-16-national-football.md) _Context: American football_
8. [The Vatican commission on sexual abuse announces that Peter Saunders, a sexual abuse survivor from the U.K., is suspended from commission proceedings.  "I am not leaving my position," Saunders said, adding only the person  who appointed him, the Pope,  can dismiss him. ](/news/2016/02/6/the-vatican-commission-on-sexual-abuse-announces-that-peter-saunders-a-sexual-abuse-survivor-from-the-u-k-is-suspended-from-commission-pr.md) _Context: sexual abuse_
9. [Former American football player Aaron Hernandez is convicted of murder in the first degree in the town of Fall River, Massachusetts. Hernandez shot a former friend Odin Lloyd in 2013. He was automatically sentenced to life in prison without parole. ](/news/2015/04/15/former-american-football-player-aaron-hernandez-is-convicted-of-murder-in-the-first-degree-in-the-town-of-fall-river-massachusetts-hernand.md) _Context: American football_
10. [Former New England Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez is formally charged with murder in the US state of Massachusetts more than a week after the body of former semi-professional American football player Odin Lloyd is found near his home. ](/news/2013/06/26/former-new-england-patriots-tight-end-aaron-hernandez-is-formally-charged-with-murder-in-the-us-state-of-massachusetts-more-than-a-week-afte.md) _Context: American football_
