### [2012-06-21](/news/2012/06/21/index.md)

# President of Ecuador Rafael Correa decides on the issue of granting asylum to WikiLeaks editor-in-chief Julian Assange as Assange remains in the Ecuadorian embassy of London, risking arrest by the British authorities. 

President Rafael Correa to make decision as WikiLeaks founder remains in Ecuadorian embassy in London, risking arrest.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/europe/2012/06/201262151158191927.html)

### Related:

1. [Wikileaks founder Julian Assange, who is wanted for questioning in Sweden, says that he will leave his refuge in the Ecuadorean embassy in London "soon". ](/news/2014/08/18/wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-who-is-wanted-for-questioning-in-sweden-says-that-he-will-leave-his-refuge-in-the-ecuadorean-embassy-in-l.md) _Context: Julian Assange, London, WikiLeaks_
2. [Talks between the foreign ministers of Britain and Ecuador end with no breakthrough over WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange, who remains in the country's London embassy. ](/news/2013/06/17/talks-between-the-foreign-ministers-of-britain-and-ecuador-end-with-no-breakthrough-over-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-who-remains-in-th.md) _Context: Julian Assange, London, WikiLeaks_
3. [Julian Assange issues a statement to supporters from a balcony of London's Ecuadorean embassy, in which he refers to the U.S. Pentagon's recent description of the existence of WikiLeaks as an "ongoing crime" and suggests it is the intention of WikiLeaks to release a million more documents in 2013. ](/news/2012/12/20/julian-assange-issues-a-statement-to-supporters-from-a-balcony-of-london-s-ecuadorean-embassy-in-which-he-refers-to-the-u-s-pentagon-s-rec.md) _Context: Julian Assange, London, WikiLeaks_
4. [In the stand-off between Britain and Ecuador over Julian Assange, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange gives a speech critical of the United States' policy against Wikileaks, "dragging us all in a dark, repressive world in which journalists live under fear of prosecution", from the balcony of Ecuador's London embassy. ](/news/2012/08/19/in-the-stand-off-between-britain-and-ecuador-over-julian-assange-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-gives-a-speech-critical-of-the-united-sta.md) _Context: Julian Assange, London, WikiLeaks_
5. [Detention of Julian Assange:. WikiLeaks spokesperson Julian Assange is moved to the segregation unit of London's Wandsworth Prison "for his own safety, presumably", says his lawyer. ](/news/2010/12/11/detention-of-julian-assange-wikileaks-spokesperson-julian-assange-is-moved-to-the-segregation-unit-of-london-s-wandsworth-prison-for-his.md) _Context: Julian Assange, London, WikiLeaks_
6. [Iraq War Logs: Julian Assange of Wikileaks tells a London news conference that the 400,000 classified U.S. military documents released to the general public yesterday reveal that the Iraq War is "a bloodbath on every corner". ](/news/2010/10/23/iraq-war-logs-julian-assange-of-wikileaks-tells-a-london-news-conference-that-the-400-000-classified-u-s-military-documents-released-to-th.md) _Context: Julian Assange, London, WikiLeaks_
7. ["Assange v Swedish Prosecution Authority". Swedish prosecutors drop a seven-year sexual assault investigation into WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. ](/news/2017/05/19/assange-v-swedish-prosecution-authority-swedish-prosecutors-drop-a-seven-year-sexual-assault-investigation-into-wikileaks-founder-julian.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
8. [London police end their three-year long, round-the-clock guard outside the Ecuadorian Embassy waiting to arrest WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. Officers have been stationed at this embassy since June 2012. Police said the operation cost 11.1 million pounds (17.6 million dollars) through April 2015. Assange is wanted for jumping bail in England and sexual assault allegations in Sweden. Assange denies the Swedish charges and suspects the real reason is to bring him to the U.S. ](/news/2015/10/12/london-police-end-their-three-year-long-round-the-clock-guard-outside-the-ecuadorian-embassy-waiting-to-arrest-wikileaks-founder-julian-ass.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
9. [Assange v Swedish Prosecution Authority. Swedish prosecutors drop some charges against Wikileaks founder Julian Assange as the statute of limitations expire but will continue to investigate rape claims. ](/news/2015/08/13/assange-v-swedish-prosecution-authority-swedish-prosecutors-drop-some-charges-against-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-as-the-statute-of-li.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
10. [The Swedish Supreme Court rejects a bid from Wikileaks founder Julian Assange to revoke the warrant for his detention in 2010. ](/news/2015/05/11/the-swedish-supreme-court-rejects-a-bid-from-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-to-revoke-the-warrant-for-his-detention-in-2010.md) _Context: Julian Assange, WikiLeaks_
