### [2000-11-7](/news/2000/11/7/index.md)

#  Hillary Clinton is elected to the United States Senate, becoming the first First Lady of the United States to win public office.




### Related:

1. [ Hurricane Katrina: Senator and former First Lady Hillary Clinton calls for a "9/11 Style Inquiry" into the U.S. federal government's response to the Hurricane. ](/news/2005/09/5/hurricane-katrina-senator-and-former-first-lady-hillary-clinton-calls-for-a-9-11-style-inquiry-into-the-u-s-federal-government-s-respon.md) _Context: First Lady, Hillary Clinton, United States Senate_
2. [United States presidential election, 2016: Presumptive Democratic Party presidential nominee Hillary Clinton selects Senator Tim Kaine (Virginia) as her vice-presidential running mate. ](/news/2016/07/22/united-states-presidential-election-2016-presumptive-democratic-party-presidential-nominee-hillary-clinton-selects-senator-tim-kaine-virg.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, United States Senate_
3. [United States presidential election, 2016: Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders endorses Democratic Party rival Hillary Clinton for president at a rally in New Hampshire, effectively suspending his presidential campaign. ](/news/2016/07/12/united-states-presidential-election-2016-vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-endorses-democratic-party-rival-hillary-clinton-for-president-at-a.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, United States Senate_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016: The Democratic National Committee suspends Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders' presidential campaign's access to its national voter database after a member of his campaign staff took advantage of a software error to review Hillary Clinton-s private campaign data. In response, the campaign files a lawsuit. ](/news/2015/12/18/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-democratic-national-committee-suspends-vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-presidential-campaign.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, United States Senate_
5. [The United States Senate confirms John Kerry to become United States Secretary of State by a vote of 94-3. Kerry succeeds outgoing Secretary Hillary Clinton on February 1. ](/news/2013/01/29/the-united-states-senate-confirms-john-kerry-to-become-united-states-secretary-of-state-by-a-vote-of-94-3-kerry-succeeds-outgoing-secreta.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, United States Senate_
6. [ New York Governor David Paterson appoints Kirsten Gillibrand to Hillary Clinton's vacated United States Senate seat. ](/news/2009/01/23/new-york-governor-david-paterson-appoints-kirsten-gillibrand-to-hillary-clinton-s-vacated-united-states-senate-seat.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, United States Senate_
7. [ The United States Senate confirms Hillary Clinton as Secretary of State. ](/news/2009/01/21/the-united-states-senate-confirms-hillary-clinton-as-secretary-of-state.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, United States Senate_
8. [ The United States Senate Foreign Relations Committee begins confirmation hearings for Hillary Clinton's nomination as Secretary of State. ](/news/2009/01/13/the-united-states-senate-foreign-relations-committee-begins-confirmation-hearings-for-hillary-clinton-s-nomination-as-secretary-of-state.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, United States Senate_
9. [ United States presidential election, 2008: New York Senator Hillary Clinton wins the Puerto Rico Democratic primary, 2008. ](/news/2008/06/1/united-states-presidential-election-2008-new-york-senator-hillary-clinton-wins-the-puerto-rico-democratic-primary-2008.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, United States Senate_
10. [ United States presidential election, 2008:: Voters in New Hampshire go to the polls for the first primary election to determine presidential nominees for the Democratic and Republican parties.: New York Senator Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic primary.: Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Republican primary. ](/news/2008/01/8/united-states-presidential-election-2008-voters-in-new-hampshire-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-primary-election-to-determine-presidentia.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, United States Senate_
