### [2013-09-16](/news/2013/09/16/index.md)

# Cadbury Adams Canada Inc., Hershey Canada Inc., Nestle Canada Inc. and Mars Canada Inc., as well as distributor ITWAL Limited agree to pay more than CAD$23 million to settle a class-action lawsuit alleging price-fixing and price maintenance in the Canadian market.

Four of the largest chocolate producers in Canada have agreed to pay more than $23 million to settle a class-action lawsuit alleging price-fixing and price maintenance in the Canadian market.


### Source:

1. [CTV News](http://www.ctvnews.ca/business/chocolate-companies-to-pay-23-2m-in-price-fixing-class-action-1.1457685#ixzz2f8eIEOiL)

### Related:

1. [The Hershey Company rejects a $23 billion takeover bid by rival Mondelez International, maker of Oreo cookies and Cadbury chocolates. ](/news/2016/06/30/the-hershey-company-rejects-a-23-billion-takeover-bid-by-rival-mondelez-international-maker-of-oreo-cookies-and-cadbury-chocolates.md) _Context: Cadbury chocolates, The Hershey Company_
2. [Cocoa tree genome (DNA) raw sequence to be made public from Mars, Incorporated and combined Pennsylvania State University, French laboratories, and The Hershey Company research.](/news/2010/09/16/cocoa-tree-genome-dna-raw-sequence-to-be-made-public-from-mars-incorporated-and-combined-pennsylvania-state-university-french-laboratori.md) _Context: Mars Canada Inc., The Hershey Company_
3. [The Hershey Company announces it will cut about 15 percent of its global workforce (~2,700 jobs) to return its international businesses to profitability as quickly as possible.  The layoffs will have a greater impact on the international workforce. ](/news/2017/02/28/the-hershey-company-announces-it-will-cut-about-15-percent-of-its-global-workforce-2-700-jobs-to-return-its-international-businesses-to-p.md) _Context: The Hershey Company_
4. [In ice hockey, the NHL awards Las Vegas an expansion team to begin play in the 2017-18 season. The Board of Governors defers Quebec City's bid with the league, citing factors such as conference imbalance, difficulty of bringing two teams at the same time, and the weakening Canadian dollar. ](/news/2016/06/22/in-ice-hockey-the-nhl-awards-las-vegas-an-expansion-team-to-begin-play-in-the-2017a18-season-the-board-of-governors-defers-quebec-city-s.md) _Context: Canadian dollar_
5. [Apple Inc. must pay the $450 million July 2014 settlement in a price fixing case since the U.S. Supreme Court will not hear its appeal of the June 2015 Court of Appeals ruling that it played a "central role" in a conspiracy with publishers to eliminate retail price competition and raise e-book prices. ](/news/2016/03/7/apple-inc-must-pay-the-450-million-july-2014-settlement-in-a-price-fixing-case-since-the-u-s-supreme-court-will-not-hear-its-appeal-of-th.md) _Context: price fixing_
6. [Dow Chemical agrees to pay $835 million to settle a decade-long, price-fixing, class-action dispute. Dow states that the uncertainty about the U.S. Supreme Court makeup following Justice Antonin Scalia's death means there is an "increased likelihood for unfavorable outcomes for business involved in class action suits." The urethane chemicals case, from 2005, was against a number of companies; Dow had been the only defendant not to settle. ](/news/2016/02/26/dow-chemical-agrees-to-pay-835-million-to-settle-a-decade-long-price-fixing-class-action-dispute-dow-states-that-the-uncertainty-about-t.md) _Context: price fixing_
7. [The United States Department of Justice begins an investigation into whether US airlines entered into collusion to illegally keep ticket prices high. ](/news/2015/07/1/the-united-states-department-of-justice-begins-an-investigation-into-whether-us-airlines-entered-into-collusion-to-illegally-keep-ticket-pri.md) _Context: price fixing_
8. [A Canadian gold mining company, Tahoe Resources, agrees to buy Rio Alto Mining for more than CAN$1 billion, part of an ongoing consolidation in the precious metals mining industry. ](/news/2015/02/9/a-canadian-gold-mining-company-tahoe-resources-agrees-to-buy-rio-alto-mining-for-more-than-can-1-billion-part-of-an-ongoing-consolidation.md) _Context: Canadian dollar_
9. [Air New Zealand agrees to a record-setting AU$7.5 million fine for its part in a price-fixing scandal. ](/news/2013/06/7/air-new-zealand-agrees-to-a-record-setting-au-7-5-million-fine-for-its-part-in-a-price-fixing-scandal.md) _Context: price fixing_
10. [The world's largest food group,  Nestle SA, opens a new production unit in Konolfingen, Switzerland, and its CEO affirms that the company is committed to its home country, despite problems created by the unusually strong Swiss franc against the euro.  ](/news/2011/09/1/the-world-s-largest-food-group-nestla-c-sa-opens-a-new-production-unit-in-konolfingen-switzerland-and-its-ceo-affirms-that-the-company-i.md) _Context: Nestlé Canada Inc._
