### [2013-09-16](/news/2013/09/16/index.md)

# The United States and Russia agree to a deal to eradicate chemical weapons in Syria. 

Syria will waste no time in making arrangements to eradicate its chemical arms once the deal has UN approval.


### Source:

1. [AFP/Reuters via ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2013-09-15/syria-hails-us-russia-deal/4959286)

### Related:

1. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: Russia, U.S., chemical weapon_
2. [France seeks United States and Russian support for a Security Council resolution to impose a new truce that will allow aid into Aleppo, which has experienced two weeks of heavy Syrian and Russian bombing of rebel-held areas. ](/news/2016/10/5/france-seeks-united-states-and-russian-support-for-a-security-council-resolution-to-impose-a-new-truce-that-will-allow-aid-into-aleppo-whic.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, U.S._
3. [The United States accuses Russia of bombing U.S.-backed forces in southern Syria near al-Tanf close to the Iraq and Jordan borders. ](/news/2016/06/16/the-united-states-accuses-russia-of-bombing-u-s-backed-forces-in-southern-syria-near-al-tanf-close-to-the-iraq-and-jordan-borders.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, U.S._
4. [United Nations envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura appeals to the United States and Russia to intervene to help revive the failing Syrian peace talks. He stressed fighting needs to decrease for the talks to work, and that won't happen "without some sort of political solution on the horizon." ](/news/2016/04/28/united-nations-envoy-for-syria-staffan-de-mistura-appeals-to-the-united-states-and-russia-to-intervene-to-help-revive-the-failing-syrian-pea.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, U.S._
5. [At the 52nd Munich Security Conference in Germany, NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg says that NATO and Russia are "not in a cold-war situation but also not in the partnership that we established at the end of the Cold War" while the Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev says tensions between Russia and NATO have sent the world spiralling into a "new Cold War", blaming U.S. and European leaders for the souring of relations with Russia. He also rejected accusations that Russian warplanes have bombed civilians in Syria, saying it is "just not true". ](/news/2016/02/13/at-the-52nd-munich-security-conference-in-germany-nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-says-that-nato-and-russia-are-not-in-a-cold-war.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, U.S._
6. [Syria's government says a U.S.-led military coalition airstrike on a Syrian Army camp in the eastern Deir ez-Zor Governorate, killed three Syrian soldiers and wounded 13 others. A senior U.S. military official denied responsibility for the airstrike and said that the U.S. is certain it was a Russian airstrike. ](/news/2015/12/7/syria-s-government-says-a-u-s-led-military-coalition-airstrike-on-a-syrian-army-camp-in-the-eastern-deir-ez-zor-governorate-killed-three-s.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, U.S._
7. [The Russian military launches cruise missile strikes from the Mediterranean on ISIS positions in Al-Raqqah, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's de facto capital in Syria, Aleppo, and Idlib. A U.S. official confirms that Russia has conducted a significant number of strikes in Syria using both sea-launched cruise missiles and long-range bombers. Russian President Vladimir Putin has pledged to escalate his military campaign in Syria after it was confirmed that a bomb brought down Metrojet Flight 9268 over Egypt's Sinai Peninsula. ](/news/2015/11/17/the-russian-military-launches-cruise-missile-strikes-from-the-mediterranean-on-isis-positions-in-al-raqqah-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-th.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, U.S._
8. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, U.S._
9. [The United States and Russia sign an agreement designed to avoid conflict between both countries' warplanes in Syria. The Pentagon said the agreement will remain secret; a hotline will enable both countries to directly communicate. ](/news/2015/10/20/the-united-states-and-russia-sign-an-agreement-designed-to-avoid-conflict-between-both-countries-warplanes-in-syria-the-pentagon-said-the.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, U.S._
10. [The United States and Russia agree on a draft United Nations Security Council resolution aiming to rid Syria of its chemical weapons. ](/news/2013/09/26/the-united-states-and-russia-agree-on-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-aiming-to-rid-syria-of-its-chemical-weapons.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, U.S._
