### [2011-08-26](/news/2011/08/26/index.md)

# Al Arabiya television reports that three rockets have hit the border area between Kuwait and Iraq. 

Three rockets have hit the borderarea between Kuwait and Iraq, Al Arabiya TV reported early onFriday quoting diplomatic sources.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/2011/08/25/kuwait-iraq-rockets-idINL5E7JP34Z20110825)

### Related:

1. [The United States ends combat operations in Iraq as its last combat brigade departs for Kuwait. ](/news/2010/08/18/the-united-states-ends-combat-operations-in-iraq-as-its-last-combat-brigade-departs-for-kuwait.md) _Context: Iraq, Kuwait_
2. [Iraq announces the dissolution of state-owned Iraqi Airways over the next three years and the pursuit of private options to avoid asset claims made by Kuwait over their 1990-91 war. ](/news/2010/05/26/iraq-announces-the-dissolution-of-state-owned-iraqi-airways-over-the-next-three-years-and-the-pursuit-of-private-options-to-avoid-asset-clai.md) _Context: Iraq, Kuwait_
3. [ Kuwait names Ali al-Momen as its first ambassador to Iraq since the Gulf War. ](/news/2008/07/17/kuwait-names-ali-al-momen-as-its-first-ambassador-to-iraq-since-the-gulf-war.md) _Context: Iraq, Kuwait_
4. [ An independent investigation into $8.2 billion in United States Department of Defense spending in Iraq, as well as aid to Egypt and Kuwait since 2001 finds that 95% of payments to contractors failed to meet requirements for documentation to determine what was paid for. ](/news/2008/05/23/an-independent-investigation-into-8-2-billion-in-united-states-department-of-defense-spending-in-iraq-as-well-as-aid-to-egypt-and-kuwait.md) _Context: Iraq, Kuwait_
5. [ Al Arabiya reports that a fire at Kuwait's Shuaiba Port has stopped oil exports and refining in that country. ](/news/2007/01/18/al-arabiya-reports-that-a-fire-at-kuwait-s-shuaiba-port-has-stopped-oil-exports-and-refining-in-that-country.md) _Context: Al Arabiya, Kuwait_
6. [ Justice officials in Kuwait, with assistance from United Nations war crimes expert Sharif Basyouni, complete an indictment against Saddam Hussein and several former Iraqi officials for crimes against humanity during the 1990 invasion of Kuwait. ](/news/2005/05/11/justice-officials-in-kuwait-with-assistance-from-united-nations-war-crimes-expert-sharif-basyouni-complete-an-indictment-against-saddam-h.md) _Context: Iraq, Kuwait_
7. [ George W. Bush speaks on the Al Arabiya and Alhurra Arabic-language television networks, stating he was 'appalled' at the conduct of U.S. soldiers in Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq. ](/news/2004/05/5/george-w-bush-speaks-on-the-al-arabiya-and-alhurra-arabic-language-television-networks-stating-he-was-appalled-at-the-conduct-of-u-s-s.md) _Context: Al Arabiya, Iraq_
8. [ The Kuwaiti newspaper "A-Siasa" reports that Palestinian and international terrorist organizations have decided at a recent Beirut conference to launch a wave of terror attacks against Israeli and Jewish interests worldwide. According to the report, there will also be similar attacks against coalition troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. The conference, which took place at the start of February, was also said to have been attended by senior members of the Syrian, Lebanese and Iranian intelligence services who presented a list of Israeli intelligence officials to be assassinated. Organizations in attendance included: Al-Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, Hezbollah, Hamas, Islamic Jihad. ](/news/2004/02/19/the-kuwaiti-newspaper-a-siasa-reports-that-palestinian-and-international-terrorist-organizations-have-decided-at-a-recent-beirut-conferen.md) _Context: Iraq, Kuwait_
9. [ Polish soldiers of the United States-led Coalition discovered four advanced missiles around central Iraq in the Hilla region near a highway. The Roland-type French-made missiles (which are fired from a mobile launcher vehicle against low flying aircraft) were initially believed to have been manufactured earlier in 2003. Arms exports to Iraq had been barred by the United Nations after the 1990 invasion of Kuwait. France says it last shipped Roland missiles to Iraq in 1986. The Polish soldiers were later found to have misinterpreted markings that read 07-01-KND 2003 as a date on the missiles.url=http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=3558401 title=Breaking News, Top News & Latest News Headlines - Reuters.com December 2015](/news/2003/10/3/polish-soldiers-of-the-united-states-led-coalition-discovered-four-advanced-missiles-around-central-iraq-in-the-hilla-region-near-a-highway.md) _Context: Iraq, Kuwait_
10. [ Iraq: A U.S.-led coalition-backed Iraqi Governing Council member, Ayad Allawi, announces restrictions of the operations of TV networks al Jazeera and al-Arabiya. The networks are barred from reporting on official activities and news conferences and from entering ministries and office buildings for the next two weeks. The council claims they incited anti-occupation violence (by airing statements from resistance leaders; specifically broadcasting a video of "terrorists terrorizing Iraqis"), increased ethnic and sectarian tensions and were supportive of the lawless resistance. Allawi hopes the ban sends a "very clear message" to other stations. Al Jazeera responds that it is trying to give a balanced view of the current situation in Iraq and that it considers its ethical standards to be similar to western ones. The Coalition Provisional Authority has not responded to inquiries about the announcement.](/news/2003/09/23/iraq-a-u-s-led-coalition-backed-iraqi-governing-council-member-ayad-allawi-announces-restrictions-of-the-operations-of-tv-networks-al-j.md) _Context: Al Arabiya, Iraq_
