### [2011-08-26](/news/2011/08/26/index.md)

# An investigation by the consultancy firm Deloitte clears Iris Robinson, the wife of the Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson, of any wrongdoing over a council contract which was awarded to an individual with whom she was conducting an affair. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-northern-ireland-14673743)

### Related:

1. [DUP leader and Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson dismisses calls from Sinn Fin for a Scotland-style referendum on independence for Northern Ireland, telling his party's annual conference that a majority of Catholics want Northern Ireland to stay part of the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/11/24/dup-leader-and-northern-ireland-first-minister-peter-robinson-dismisses-calls-from-sinn-fein-for-a-scotland-style-referendum-on-independence.md) _Context: First Minister of Northern Ireland, Peter Robinson_
2. [Iris Robinson, the wife of Northern Ireland's First Minister, admits having previously attempted suicide. Her husband Peter Robinson gives an emotional interview in which he speaks of being "deeply hurt" after learning of her extramarital affair. ](/news/2010/01/6/iris-robinson-the-wife-of-northern-ireland-s-first-minister-admits-having-previously-attempted-suicide-her-husband-peter-robinson-gives-a.md) _Context: Iris Robinson, Peter Robinson_
3. [Former Northern Irish First Minister Peter Robinson, leader of the Democratic Unionist Party, tells "The Sunday Times" that the conduct of his wife, politician Iris Robinson, with her young lover has led him to shake hands with deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness (Sinn Fein) for the first time. ](/news/2010/01/17/former-northern-irish-first-minister-peter-robinson-leader-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-tells-the-sunday-times-that-the-conduct-of-h.md) _Context: Iris Robinson, Peter Robinson_
4. [Northern Ireland's First Minister Peter Robinson temporarily hands over his position to Arlene Foster in the wake of the ongoing political scandal surrounding his wife and fellow politician Iris Robinson.](/news/2010/01/11/northern-ireland-s-first-minister-peter-robinson-temporarily-hands-over-his-position-to-arlene-foster-in-the-wake-of-the-ongoing-political-s.md) _Context: Iris Robinson, Peter Robinson_
5. [Brexit aftermath. There is no plan for Brexit, according to a critical leaked memo from the consulting firm Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited. The document indicates Whitehall is working on 500 Brexit-related projects. Both Deloitte and the British Government confirm the document is an internal working document from Deloitte that was compiled without government approval or assistance. ](/news/2016/11/15/brexit-aftermath-there-is-no-plan-for-brexit-according-to-a-critical-leaked-memo-from-the-consulting-firm-deloitte-touche-tohmatsu-limited.md) _Context: Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited_
6. [Peter Robinson announces he will step down as Northern Ireland's First Minister and as leader of the Democratic Unionist Party, corresponding with recent tensions in the area and a murder linked with the Irish Republican Army. ](/news/2015/11/19/peter-robinson-announces-he-will-step-down-as-northern-ireland-s-first-minister-and-as-leader-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-correspondin.md) _Context: Peter Robinson_
7. [Peter Robinson, the First Minister of Northern Ireland, steps aside after the Democratic Unionist Party fails to get enough support to adjourn the assembly. ](/news/2015/09/10/peter-robinson-the-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-steps-aside-after-the-democratic-unionist-party-fails-to-get-enough-support-to-adjou.md) _Context: Peter Robinson_
8. [Former First Minister of Northern Ireland and Democratic Unionist Party leader Ian Paisley dies, aged 88. ](/news/2014/09/12/former-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-and-democratic-unionist-party-leader-ian-paisley-dies-aged-88.md) _Context: First Minister of Northern Ireland_
9. [Murder of Jean McConville and Arrest of Gerry Adams:. Northern Ireland's First Minister Peter Robinson accuses Sinn Fin of attempting to blackmail the Police Service of Northern Ireland over the arrest of Gerry Adams. ](/news/2014/05/4/murder-of-jean-mcconville-and-arrest-of-gerry-adams-northern-ireland-s-first-minister-peter-robinson-accuses-sinn-fein-of-attempting-to-bl.md) _Context: Peter Robinson_
10. [Murder of Jean McConville and Arrest of Gerry Adams:. Sinn Fein claims that party president Gerry Adams is a victim of "political policing" are dismissed by the Taoiseach (Prime Minister of Ireland) Enda Kenny, British prime minister David Cameron and Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson. ](/news/2014/05/2/murder-of-jean-mcconville-and-arrest-of-gerry-adams-sinn-fa-c-in-claims-that-party-president-gerry-adams-is-a-victim-of-political-policing.md) _Context: Peter Robinson_
