### [1999-06-9](/news/1999/06/9/index.md)

#  Kosovo War: Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and NATO sign a peace treaty.




### Related:

1. [NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg announces the invitation sent to Montenegro to join the military alliance, 16 years after the country, as part of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, was bombed by the alliance in the Kosovo War. Montenegro's accession would result in "retaliatory actions", according to a spokesman for Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2015/12/2/nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-announces-the-invitation-sent-to-montenegro-to-join-the-military-alliance-16-years-after-the-countr.md) _Context: Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, Kosovo War, NATO_
2. [ Kosovo War: In Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, three Chinese embassy workers are killed and 20 wounded when a NATO aircraft mistakenly bombs the Chinese embassy in Belgrade.](/news/1999/05/7/kosovo-war-in-federal-republic-of-yugoslavia-three-chinese-embassy-workers-are-killed-and-20-wounded-when-a-nato-aircraft-mistakenly-bomb.md) _Context: Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, Kosovo War, NATO_
3. [ Kosovo War: Operation Joint Guardian begins - NATO-led United Nations peacekeeping force KFOR enter the province of Kosovo in Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.](/news/1999/06/12/kosovo-war-operation-joint-guardian-begins-nato-led-united-nations-peacekeeping-force-kfor-enter-the-province-of-kosovo-in-federal-repub.md) _Context: Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, NATO_
4. [ NATO launches air strikes in Federal Republic of Yugoslavia which was force to sign a peace treaty. This marks the first time NATO attacked a sovereign country](/news/1999/03/24/nato-launches-air-strikes-in-federal-republic-of-yugoslavia-which-was-force-to-sign-a-peace-treaty-this-marks-the-first-time-nato-attacked.md) _Context: Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, NATO_
5. [At a NATO meeting, German foreign minister Sigmar Gabriel rejects as "quite unrealistic" the belief that Germany would spend 2% of GDP on the military. He says other spending such as development aid should be taken into account. ](/news/2017/03/31/at-a-nato-meeting-german-foreign-minister-sigmar-gabriel-rejects-as-quite-unrealistic-the-belief-that-germany-would-spend-2-of-gdp-on-th.md) _Context: NATO_
6. [Russian Special Envoy to Afghanistan Zamir Kabulov denies allegations by NATO Commander Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti that Russia was "perhaps" supplying the Taliban. ](/news/2017/03/24/russian-special-envoy-to-afghanistan-zamir-kabulov-denies-allegations-by-nato-commander-gen-curtis-scaparrotti-that-russia-was-perhaps-su.md) _Context: NATO_
7. [Eight hundred British Army troops arrive in Estonia as part of NATO's Enhanced Forward Presence to deter Russian aggression in Eastern Europe. ](/news/2017/03/18/eight-hundred-british-army-troops-arrive-in-estonia-as-part-of-nato-s-enhanced-forward-presence-to-deter-russian-aggression-in-eastern-europ.md) _Context: NATO_
8. [A Montenegrin prosecutor accuses Russian authorities of being involved in the October 2016 coup plot in order to halt Montenegro's accession to NATO. Russian officials dismiss the allegations as "absurd." ](/news/2017/02/20/a-montenegrin-prosecutor-accuses-russian-authorities-of-being-involved-in-the-october-2016-coup-plot-in-order-to-halt-montenegro-s-accession.md) _Context: NATO_
9. [In Ankara, the Turkish government opens  the trial  of 270 suspects charged in July's failed coup in Ankara.  The defendants include, ''in absentia'', the alleged mastermind Fethullah Gulen, former NATO  Chief of Staff Major General Salih Sevil, and other high-ranking military officials. ](/news/2017/01/30/in-ankara-the-turkish-government-opens-the-trial-of-270-suspects-charged-in-july-s-failed-coup-in-ankara-the-defendants-include-in-a.md) _Context: NATO_
10. [3,000 U.S. troops are deployed in Poland as part of NATO's Operation Atlantic Resolve.  Poland says that the deployment is a necessary response to Russian military exercises near its border and its intervention in Ukraine while Russia condemns the move as a "threat to national interests and security". ](/news/2017/01/12/3-000-u-s-troops-are-deployed-in-poland-as-part-of-nato-s-operation-atlantic-resolve-poland-says-that-the-deployment-is-a-necessary-respo.md) _Context: NATO_
