### [2015-12-19](/news/2015/12/19/index.md)

# European migrant crisis: Germany's refugee crisis coordinator Peter Altmaier says, in an interview with German magazine "Focus", that he and Austrian special minister Josef Ostermayer are working on a proposal for a common European asylum law. He added other countries such as France and The Netherlands would be approached soon. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-europe-migrants-germany-austria-idUSKBN0U20ID20151219?feedType=RSS&feedName=newsOne&google_editors_picks=true)
2. [Sputnik News](http://sputniknews.com/europe/20151219/1032029475/berlin-vienna-eu-refugees.html)

### Related:

1. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-b.md) _Context: France, Netherlands_
2. [European migrant crisis: The government of Austria passes a new law that restricts the right of asylum in the country and allows claimants to be rejected directly at the border, a move criticized by rights groups. Officials say they are also considering building a fence at the main border crossing with Italy at the Brenner Pass. ](/news/2016/04/27/european-migrant-crisis-the-government-of-austria-passes-a-new-law-that-restricts-the-right-of-asylum-in-the-country-and-allows-claimants-t.md) _Context: Austria, European migrant crisis_
3. [European migrant crisis: Austria-Italy relations: Austria plans to deploy soldiers on its border with Italy to stem an expected increase in migrants trying to get to northern Europe, according to Austrian Defence Minister Hans Peter Doskozil. "As the EU's external borders are not yet effectively protected, Austria will soon ramp up strict border controls. That means massive border controls on the Brenner Pass, and with soldiers," Doskozil told German daily newspaper "Die Welt". ](/news/2016/04/2/european-migrant-crisis-austria-italy-relations-austria-plans-to-deploy-soldiers-on-its-border-with-italy-to-stem-an-expected-increase-i.md) _Context: Austria, European migrant crisis_
4. [Austria-Greece relations: Greece recalls its ambassador to Austria in response to Austria's hosting of a meeting with Balkan states, to which Greece was not invited, about European migrant crisis policies that would make it harder for migrants to head north across Europe. Greece's foreign ministry called the move an "unfriendly act." More than 100,000 migrants have entered the EU illegally so far in 2016, nearly all of them arriving in Greece. ](/news/2016/02/25/austria-greece-relations-greece-recalls-its-ambassador-to-austria-in-response-to-austria-s-hosting-of-a-meeting-with-balkan-states-to-wh.md) _Context: Austria, European migrant crisis_
5. [European migrant crisis: Austria-Germany relations: German Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere strongly criticizes Austria's decision to put a daily cap on the number of refugees the country can accept. Austria has set a limit of dealing with 80 asylum applications a day, while letting thousands of others transit to Germany. Maiziere said this sends "the wrong signal" and is "unacceptable". ](/news/2016/02/22/european-migrant-crisis-austria-germany-relations-german-interior-minister-thomas-de-maizia-re-strongly-criticizes-austria-s-decision-to.md) _Context: Austria, European migrant crisis_
6. [European migrant crisis: Around 200 migrants storm the French port of Calais, near the Channel Tunnel to Britain, after a demonstration in support of migrants living in the nearby Calais jungle camp, with approximately 50 of them boarding the P&O Ferries operated "MS "Spirit of Britain" cross-border ferry. The port was closed following the incident. ](/news/2016/01/23/european-migrant-crisis-around-200-migrants-storm-the-french-port-of-calais-near-the-channel-tunnel-to-britain-after-a-demonstration-in-s.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, France_
7. [European migrant crisis: Austria is to deploy its army on its borders with Germany and Slovenia in the wake of surging numbers of migrants entering the Central European country. ](/news/2016/01/16/european-migrant-crisis-austria-is-to-deploy-its-army-on-its-borders-with-germany-and-slovenia-in-the-wake-of-surging-numbers-of-migrants-e.md) _Context: Austria, European migrant crisis_
8. [European migrant crisis: Riots break out in the western Dutch town of Geldermalsen over plans to establish a centre for asylum seekers in the town. Local police say they made several arrests. Including this year's arrivals, the Dutch government said in November it expected to receive 58,000 asylum seekers by the end of 2016. ](/news/2015/12/17/european-migrant-crisis-riots-break-out-in-the-western-dutch-town-of-geldermalsen-over-plans-to-establish-a-centre-for-asylum-seekers-in-th.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Netherlands_
9. [European migrant crisis: The southern German state of Bavaria threatens to take the Federal German government to court if it fails to take immediate steps to limit the flow of migrants to Germany. Over 200,000 migrants are estimated to have entered Germany since the beginning of September, the vast majority over the Austrian border into Bavaria. ](/news/2015/10/9/european-migrant-crisis-the-southern-german-state-of-bavaria-threatens-to-take-the-federal-german-government-to-court-if-it-fails-to-take-i.md) _Context: Austria, European migrant crisis_
10. [European migrant crisis: The German state of Bavaria plans "emergency measures" in response to the migrant crisis, including deporting migrants back to Austria and closing the border. An estimated 225,000 migrants have arrived in the southern German state in less than five weeks. ](/news/2015/10/8/european-migrant-crisis-the-german-state-of-bavaria-plans-emergency-measures-in-response-to-the-migrant-crisis-including-deporting-migra.md) _Context: Austria, European migrant crisis_
