### [2015-12-19](/news/2015/12/19/index.md)

# Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Turkey-s foreign ministry says it will continue to move some of its troops out of a military base at Bashiqa in Nineveh province in northern Iraq. 

The country&rsquo;s foreign ministry said troops would continue to be moved out of Nineveh province.


### Source:

1. [Reuters via ''The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/turkey-acknowledges-miscommunication-over-troops-in-iraq/2015/12/19/ee6ccb10-a69a-11e5-9c4e-be37f66848bb_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Turkey calls on all its citizens to leave all areas of Iraq except Iraqi Kurdistan, due to "increased security risks". ](/news/2015/12/9/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-turkey-calls-on-all-its-citizens-to-leave-all-areas-of-iraq-except-iraqi-kurdistan-due-to-increased-secu.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Iraqi Kurdistan, Turkey_
2. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Turkey refuses to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq despite being given a 48 hour ultimatum by Iraq to leave the country. Turkey says the troops are there as part of an international mission to train and equip Iraqi forces to fight against the Islamic State. The Iraqi government says it never invited such a force, and will take its case to the United Nations if they are not pulled out. ](/news/2015/12/7/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-turkey-refuses-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-despite-being-given-a-48-hour-ultimatum-by-iraq-t.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Iraqi Kurdistan, Turkey_
3. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Iraq's government gives Turkey 48 hours to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq or face "all available options", including recourse to the UN Security Council. ](/news/2015/12/6/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iraq-s-government-gives-turkey-48-hours-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-or-face-all-available-o.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Iraqi Kurdistan, Turkey_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): The pro-government Popular Mobilization Forces militia takes control of the mostly destroyed ancient city of Hatra in Iraq's Nineveh Governorate, following clashes with ISIL, who seized the ruins in 2014. ](/news/2017/04/26/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-pro-government-popular-mobilization-forces-militia-takes-control-of-the-mostly-destroyed-ancient-city.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Nineveh Governorate_
5. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): ISIL militants launch attacks on government buildings, police stations, and a power station in the city of Kirkuk, Iraqi Kurdistan, killing dozens of people. ](/news/2016/10/21/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-isil-militants-launch-attacks-on-government-buildings-police-stations-and-a-power-station-in-the-city-of.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Iraqi Kurdistan_
6. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): During a visit to Baghdad, U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter announces that the United States will be sending more troops to the country to help in the fight against ISIL. The U.S. also plans to give Kurdish Peshmerga forces, which are fighting ISIL on the ground, more than $400m (GBP280m; -350m) in assistance. ](/news/2016/04/18/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-during-a-visit-to-baghdad-u-s-defense-secretary-ash-carter-announces-that-the-united-states-will-be-send.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Iraqi Kurdistan_
7. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): A pipeline used to generate around half the electricity in Iraqi Kurdistan is blown up, knocking out power across the region. ](/news/2016/01/29/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-pipeline-used-to-generate-around-half-the-electricity-in-iraqi-kurdistan-is-blown-up-knocking-out-power.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Iraqi Kurdistan_
8. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): The Government of Iraq calls on Turkey to withdraw its troops from northern Iraq, near the Islamic State-controlled city of Mosul. Iraq's Foreign Ministry said Turkish forces had entered Iraqi territory without the knowledge of the central government in Baghdad. ](/news/2015/12/5/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-government-of-iraq-calls-on-turkey-to-withdraw-its-troops-from-northern-iraq-near-the-islamic-state-c.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Turkey_
9. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Iraq-Turkey relations: Iraq's Foreign Minister, Ibrahim al-Jaafari, renewed demands that Turkey fully withdraw its troops from northern Iraq, asserting that Turkey must respect Iraq's sovereignty or face potential military action. Last month the Turkish army mounted a big offensive invasion into Iraq's Kurdish territory including tanks and artillery without permission or even negotiation with the Iraqi government. ](/news/2015/12/30/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iraq-turkey-relations-iraq-s-foreign-minister-ibrahim-al-jaafari-renewed-demands-that-turkey-fully-wi.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Turkey_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): November 2015 Sinjar offensive: Kurdish Peshmerga forces backed by U.S. airstrikes seize control of Sinjar in northern Iraq. Sinjar has been under Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant occupation since August 2014. ](/news/2015/11/13/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-november-2015-sinjar-offensive-kurdish-peshmerga-forces-backed-by-u-s-airstrikes-seize-control-of-sinjar.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Iraqi Kurdistan_
