### [2015-12-19](/news/2015/12/19/index.md)

# The Turkish army says 69 Kurdish insurgents and two Turkish soldiers were killed in four days of fighting in Cizre and Silopi, near the Syrian and Iraqi borders, in southeast Turkey. 

Sixty-nine Kurdish insurgents and two Turkish soldiers have been killed in four days of fighting across southeast Turkey as security forces ramp up operations against the militant Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK), security sources and the military said on Saturday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-turkey-kurds-idUSKBN0U208M20151219)
1. [Cover Image](http://s3.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20151219&t=2&i=1103573982&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXMPEBBI0G6)

### Related:

1. [Fighting continues to rage between the Turkish Army and PKK militants across southeastern Turkey, with the Kurdish-majority cities of Cizre and Silopi both becoming war zones as street-to-street fighting takes place. Turkish tanks shelled civilian houses in Silopi, while a Turkish military helicopter was damaged by PKK fire as it attempted to land in Cizre. Also, two Turkish soldiers were killed and six others wounded in a roadside bombing near the town of Bitlis. Many within Turkey are saying a civil war is now underway. ](/news/2015/12/21/fighting-continues-to-rage-between-the-turkish-army-and-pkk-militants-across-southeastern-turkey-with-the-kurdish-majority-cities-of-cizre.md) _Context: Cizre, Kurdistan Workers' Party, Silopi, Turkish Land Forces_
2. [Turkish security forces kill 23 suspected members of the Kurdistan Workers' Party in operations in the Kurdish-majority cities of Cizre and Silopi. ](/news/2015/12/17/turkish-security-forces-kill-23-suspected-members-of-the-kurdistan-workers-party-in-operations-in-the-kurdish-majority-cities-of-cizre-and.md) _Context: Cizre, Kurdistan Workers' Party, Silopi_
3. [Turkey bombs PKK sites in northern Iraq after a bombing yesterday in Hakkari Province that killed at least 16 soldiers. ](/news/2015/09/8/turkey-bombs-pkk-sites-in-northern-iraq-after-a-bombing-yesterday-in-hakkac-ri-province-that-killed-at-least-16-soldiers.md) _Context: Iraq, Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey-PKK conflict_
4. [At least 55 are killed when Turkish warplanes hit Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) camps in northern Iraq, according to Turkey's security sources. ](/news/2015/09/19/at-least-55-are-killed-when-turkish-warplanes-hit-kurdistan-workers-party-pkk-camps-in-northern-iraq-according-to-turkey-s-security-sourc.md) _Context: Iraq, Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey-PKK conflict_
5. [ Iraqi President Jalal Talabani criticizes Syrian President Bashar al-Assad for his support of a possible Turkish attack against Kurdistan Workers Party fighters in the Iraqi Kurdistan. ](/news/2007/10/20/iraqi-president-jalal-talabani-criticizes-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-for-his-support-of-a-possible-turkish-attack-against-kurdistan-w.md) _Context: Iraq, Kurdistan Workers' Party, Syria_
6. [The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five. ](/news/2017/06/19/the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2016-syria-colombia-afg.md) _Context: Iraq, Syria_
7. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Iraq, Syria_
8. [Turkish air strikes kill 18 Kurdish YPG fighters and media officials in northeastern Syria. Also five Peshmerga fighters are killed during a Turkish attack on Sinjar in Iraq. Turkey also claims to have destroyed "terror hubs". Iraq denounces the strike as a violation of its sovereignty. ](/news/2017/04/25/turkish-air-strikes-kill-18-kurdish-ypg-fighters-and-media-officials-in-northeastern-syria-also-five-peshmerga-fighters-are-killed-during-a.md) _Context: Iraq, Syria_
9. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Iraq, Syria_
10. [Travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen are blocked from entering the United States as the executive order takes effect. ](/news/2017/01/28/travelers-from-iran-iraq-libya-somalia-sudan-syria-and-yemen-are-blocked-from-entering-the-united-states-as-the-executive-order-takes.md) _Context: Iraq, Syria_
