### [2015-12-19](/news/2015/12/19/index.md)

# Turkey's foreign ministry says it will  continue to move some of its troops out of a military base at Bashiqa in Nineveh province in northern Iraq.  

The country&rsquo;s foreign ministry said troops would continue to be moved out of Nineveh province.


### Source:

1. [Reuters via ''The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/turkey-acknowledges-miscommunication-over-troops-in-iraq/2015/12/19/ee6ccb10-a69a-11e5-9c4e-be37f66848bb_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Turkey calls on all its citizens to leave all areas of Iraq except Iraqi Kurdistan, due to "increased security risks". ](/news/2015/12/9/turkey-calls-on-all-its-citizens-to-leave-all-areas-of-iraq-except-iraqi-kurdistan-due-to-increased-security-risks.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Iraqi Kurdistan, Turkish_
2. [Turkey refuses to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq despite being given a 48 hour ultimatum by Iraq to leave the country. Turkey says the troops are there as part of an international mission to train and equip Iraqi forces to fight against the Islamic State. The Iraqi government says it never invited such a force, and will take its case to the United Nations if they are not pulled out. ](/news/2015/12/7/turkey-refuses-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-despite-being-given-a-48-hour-ultimatum-by-iraq-to-leave-the-country-turkey-says-t.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Iraqi Kurdistan, Turkish_
3. [Iraq's government gives Turkey 48 hours to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq or face "all available options", including recourse to the UN Security Council. ](/news/2015/12/6/iraq-s-government-gives-turkey-48-hours-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-or-face-all-available-options-including-recourse-to-the.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Iraqi Kurdistan, Turkish_
4. [ISIL militants launch attacks on government buildings, police stations, and a power station in the city of Kirkuk, Iraqi Kurdistan, killing dozens of people. ](/news/2016/10/21/isil-militants-launch-attacks-on-government-buildings-police-stations-and-a-power-station-in-the-city-of-kirkuk-iraqi-kurdistan-killing.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Iraqi Kurdistan_
5. [During a visit to Baghdad, U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter announces  that the United States will be sending more troops to the country to help in the fight against ISIL. The U.S. also plans to give Kurdish Peshmerga forces, which are fighting ISIL on the ground, more than $400m (PS280m; EUR350m) in assistance. ](/news/2016/04/18/during-a-visit-to-baghdad-u-s-defense-secretary-ash-carter-announces-that-the-united-states-will-be-sending-more-troops-to-the-country-to.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Iraqi Kurdistan_
6. [A pipeline used to generate around half the electricity in Iraqi Kurdistan is blown up, knocking out power across the region. ](/news/2016/01/29/a-pipeline-used-to-generate-around-half-the-electricity-in-iraqi-kurdistan-is-blown-up-knocking-out-power-across-the-region.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Iraqi Kurdistan_
7. [The Government of Iraq calls on Turkey to withdraw its troops from northern Iraq, near the Islamic State-controlled city of Mosul. Iraq's Foreign Ministry said Turkish forces had entered Iraqi territory without the knowledge of the central government in Baghdad. ](/news/2015/12/5/the-government-of-iraq-calls-on-turkey-to-withdraw-its-troops-from-northern-iraq-near-the-islamic-state-controlled-city-of-mosul-iraq-s-fo.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Turkish_
8. [Iraq's Foreign Minister, Ibrahim al-Jaafari, renewed demands that Turkey fully withdraw its troops from northern Iraq, asserting that Turkey must respect Iraq's sovereignty or face potential military action. Last month the Turkish army mounted a big offensive invasion into Iraq's Kurdish territory including tanks and artillery without permission or even negotiation with the Iraqi government. ](/news/2015/12/30/iraq-s-foreign-minister-ibrahim-al-jaafari-renewed-demands-that-turkey-fully-withdraw-its-troops-from-northern-iraq-asserting-that-turkey.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Turkish_
9. [Kurdish Peshmerga forces backed by U.S. airstrikes seize control of Sinjar in northern Iraq. Sinjar has been under Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant occupation since August 2014. ](/news/2015/11/13/kurdish-peshmerga-forces-backed-by-u-s-airstrikes-seize-control-of-sinjar-in-northern-iraq-sinjar-has-been-under-islamic-state-of-iraq-and.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014–present), Iraqi Kurdistan_
10. [Turkey's air force launches a new wave of air-raids bombing PKK positions in northern Iraq and southeastern Turkey. Turkish warplanes destroy PKK fuel and ammunition depots in the Hakkari province on the border with Iraq, as well as, in the eastern Kars province, according to a military statement. ](/news/2015/10/4/turkey-s-air-force-launches-a-new-wave-of-air-raids-bombing-pkk-positions-in-northern-iraq-and-southeastern-turkey-turkish-warplanes-destro.md) _Context: Iraqi Kurdistan, Turkish_
