### [2011-02-1](/news/2011/02/1/index.md)

# A court in London bars the oil company BP from entering into a planned joint venture and share swap with Rosneft, a state-controlled Russian company.  




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/02/01/us-bp-idUSTRE70T1S420110201)

### Related:

1. [London-based BP  agrees,  pending court approval, to pay $US18.7 billion to compensate the United States government and the five  Gulf Coast states--Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas--for damages stemming from the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill. The settlement includes a civil penalty of $US5.5 billion under the Clean Water Act. ](/news/2015/07/2/london-based-bp-agrees-pending-court-approval-to-pay-us18-7-billion-to-compensate-the-united-states-government-and-the-five-gulf-coast.md) _Context: BP, London_
2. [A BP Alaskan North Slope oil well near Deadhorse Airport, that was leaking oil and natural gas since it was discovered on Friday, is successfully plugged, according to private and government reports. ](/news/2017/04/17/a-bp-alaskan-north-slope-oil-well-near-deadhorse-airport-that-was-leaking-oil-and-natural-gas-since-it-was-discovered-on-friday-is-success.md) _Context: BP_
3. [A vehicle mounts the pavement and runs into pedestrians in Islington, London, injuring 4. The teenage perpetrators are found carrying offensive weapons, but are not assumed to be terrorists. ](/news/2017/03/25/a-vehicle-mounts-the-pavement-and-runs-into-pedestrians-in-islington-london-injuring-4-the-teenage-perpetrators-are-found-carrying-offens.md) _Context: London_
4. [Several British MPs demand an investigation into a recent scandal in which an Israeli embassy official in London had conspired to damage the reputation of several British politicians in response to the recent United Nations Security Council resolution. ](/news/2017/01/8/several-british-mps-demand-an-investigation-into-a-recent-scandal-in-which-an-israeli-embassy-official-in-london-had-conspired-to-damage-the.md) _Context: London_
5. [London Mayor Sadiq Khan declares a public health emergency for at least the next three days because of high levels of air pollution in the London area. The Department for Environment says this pollution episode could last until at least Sunday. ](/news/2017/01/18/london-mayor-sadiq-khan-declares-a-public-health-emergency-for-at-least-the-next-three-days-because-of-high-levels-of-air-pollution-in-the-l.md) _Context: London_
6. [A London-based trader who traded on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Navinder Singh Sarao, accused of contributing to the 2010 Wall Street "flash crash" by placing bogus orders to spoof the market, fails in his legal bid to stop extradition and will now be sent to the United States to face trial where he is wanted by U.S. authorities on 22 criminal counts of wire fraud, commodities fraud, and market manipulation. A judge initially approved his extradition in March, and today his bid to launch an appeal against that decision was rejected, ending his 18-month legal fight. He will now be extradited within 28 days. ](/news/2016/10/14/a-london-based-trader-who-traded-on-the-chicago-mercantile-exchange-navinder-singh-sarao-accused-of-contributing-to-the-2010-wall-street.md) _Context: London_
7. [Air China receives criticism in the United Kingdom after it releases an advertisement warning passengers from visiting areas of London populated by blacks, Indians and Pakistanis. ](/news/2016/09/7/air-china-receives-criticism-in-the-united-kingdom-after-it-releases-an-advertisement-warning-passengers-from-visiting-areas-of-london-popul.md) _Context: London_
8. [British activists with the Black Lives Matter   movement from America block the road to Heathrow Airport and to streets in Manchester, Birmingham, and Nottingham, marking the fifth anniversary of the deadly police shooting of Mark Duggan in north London. Ten protestors are arrested. ](/news/2016/08/5/british-activists-with-the-black-lives-matter-movement-from-america-block-the-road-to-heathrow-airport-and-to-streets-in-manchester-birmi.md) _Context: London_
9. [At least one person is dead and several injured as a result of a knife attack in London's Russell Square. ](/news/2016/08/3/at-least-one-person-is-dead-and-several-injured-as-a-result-of-a-knife-attack-in-london-s-russell-square.md) _Context: London_
10. [ In pro-EU rallies, thousands of people protest in London against the United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union and ask that Article 50 not  be invoked. ](/news/2016/07/2/in-pro-eu-rallies-thousands-of-people-protest-in-london-against-the-united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-and-ask-that-article.md) _Context: London_
