### [2011-02-1](/news/2011/02/1/index.md)

# Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Defense Minister Ehud Barak cancel the appointment of Yoav Galant to the post of Israel Defense Forces chief. The announcement came after months of scandal surrounding his appointment due to allegations that he had illegally seized public lands near his home in Moshav Amikam, and after the State Comptroller Micha Lindenstrauss stated that Galant lied to in a sworn affidavit about exceeding his building rights.




### Related:

1. [Israel's State Comptroller criticises prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu's decision-making during the 2010 Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2012/06/13/israel-s-state-comptroller-criticises-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-s-decision-making-during-the-2010-gaza-flotilla-raid.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, State Comptroller_
2. [Israel announces that Benjamin Netanyahu, Ehud Barak and Avigdor Lieberman have chosen Yosef Ciechanover, who formerly held posts in the Foreign Ministry, Defence Ministry and defence mission to the United States, to represent it on the United Nations panel to investigate May's Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2010/08/7/israel-announces-that-benjamin-netanyahu-ehud-barak-and-avigdor-lieberman-have-chosen-yosef-ciechanover-who-formerly-held-posts-in-the-for.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Ehud Barak_
3. [Defense Minister of Israel Ehud Barak testifies before Israel's Turkel Commission investigating the country's role in May's Gaza flotilla raid, chaired by Israeli judge Jacob Turkel. His prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu yesterday testified that he had left Barak to "co-ordinate" the raid and response "in all of its aspects" while he visited North America. ](/news/2010/08/10/defense-minister-of-israel-ehud-barak-testifies-before-israel-s-turkel-commission-investigating-the-country-s-role-in-may-s-gaza-flotilla-ra.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Ehud Barak_
4. [Israel's embassy staff in Jordan, including a security guard involved in a shooting incident in which two Jordanians were killed yesterday, return to Israel from Amman. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu thanked U.S. President Donald Trump and Jordan's King Abdullah for their help and cooperation. ](/news/2017/07/24/israel-s-embassy-staff-in-jordan-including-a-security-guard-involved-in-a-shooting-incident-in-which-two-jordanians-were-killed-yesterday.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu_
5. [The Jewish Agency for Israel Board of Governors cancels Monday's dinner with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to protest Sunday's decision by his cabinet to rescind plans for a mixed-gender prayer area at Jerusalem's Western Wall, a compromise agreement reached after three years of intense negotiations. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-jewish-agency-for-israel-board-of-governors-cancels-monday-s-dinner-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-to-protest-sunday-s-d.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu_
6. [Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated.  Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterday-the-united-sta.md) _Context: Yoav Galant_
7. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu cancels a visit with the foreign minister of Germany Sigmar Gabriel after the latter's refusal to cancel a meeting with the Israel Defense Forces veterans NGO Breaking the Silence saying the group "slanders IDF soldiers as war criminals](/news/2017/04/25/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-cancels-a-visit-with-the-foreign-minister-of-germany-sigmar-gabriel-after-the-latter-s-refusal-t.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu_
8. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu blames the Islamic State for the attack that killed four soldiers and injured 15 others in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/01/9/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-blames-the-islamic-state-for-the-attack-that-killed-four-soldiers-and-injured-15-others-in-east-je.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu_
9. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu calls the latest peace-conference "useless". ](/news/2017/01/17/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-calls-the-latest-peace-conference-useless.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu_
10. [The Attorney General of Israel Avichai Mandelblit orders a criminal investigation of Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu for alleged corruption in two different cases. ](/news/2016/12/28/the-attorney-general-of-israel-avichai-mandelblit-orders-a-criminal-investigation-of-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-for-alleged-c.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu_
