### [2011-02-1](/news/2011/02/1/index.md)

# The United States urges Iran to halt executions after the hanging of a Dutch-Iranian woman, Zahra Bahrami, accused of being drug smuggler; the U.S. State Department expresses concern that Iran "continues to deny its citizens their human rights" and that cases, trials, and sentences continue to proceed "without transparency and the due process rights enshrined in Iran's own constitution." 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2011/WORLD/meast/02/01/iran.execution/?hpt=T2)

### Related:

1. [Iranian human-rights lawyer Nasrin Sotoudeh is sentenced to 11 years in prison and banned from practicing law or traveling for 20 years; France condemns the punishment as "deeply shocking" and called for the release of Sotoudeh and another activist, Shiva Nazar-Ahari, who was sentenced to four years in prison and 74 lashes. ](/news/2011/01/10/iranian-human-rights-lawyer-nasrin-sotoudeh-is-sentenced-to-11-years-in-prison-and-banned-from-practicing-law-or-traveling-for-20-years-fra.md) _Context: Iranian human rights, halt executions_
2. [The summit announces it is unable to gain agreement on climate change between the United States and the other 19 members of this international forum. ](/news/2017/07/8/the-summit-announces-it-is-unable-to-gain-agreement-on-climate-change-between-the-united-states-and-the-other-19-members-of-this-internation.md) _Context: United States_
3. [The United States extends the restrictions deadline for refugees. ](/news/2017/07/5/the-united-states-extends-the-restrictions-deadline-for-refugees.md) _Context: United States_
4. [The United States sanctions Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro over the controversial Constitutional Assembly election which critics say is an attempt to establish a dictatorship. ](/news/2017/07/31/the-united-states-sanctions-venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-over-the-controversial-constitutional-assembly-election-which-critics-say-i.md) _Context: United States_
5. [Russian President Vladimir Putin expels 755 United States diplomats in response to new sanctions imposed by the United States. ](/news/2017/07/30/russian-president-vladimir-putin-expels-755-united-states-diplomats-in-response-to-new-sanctions-imposed-by-the-united-states.md) _Context: United States_
6. [North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States.  ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-that-flies-620-miles-horizontally-in-about-45-minutes-landing-in-the-sea-of-japa.md) _Context: United States_
7. [History of the Philippines (1898-1946), During the annual State of the Nation Address through the Congress of the Philippines, President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte has outright demanded that the United States return the controversial Balangiga bells, taken during one of the campaigns of the Philippine-American War as spoils of war. Previous attempts to recover the bells have all failed so far. ](/news/2017/07/24/history-of-the-philippines-1898a1946-during-the-annual-state-of-the-nation-address-through-the-congress-of-the-philippines-president-o.md) _Context: United States_
8. [Nine men are found dead inside a tractor-trailer parked outside a Walmart store in the American city of San Antonio, Texas, in what authorities call a case of "ruthless" human trafficking. Thirty people,  many in critical condition and suffering from heat stroke and exhaustion, were removed from the non-air conditioned trailer which also lacked a water supply. ](/news/2017/07/23/nine-men-are-found-dead-inside-a-tractor-trailer-parked-outside-a-walmart-store-in-the-american-city-of-san-antonio-texas-in-what-authorit.md) _Context: United States_
9. [Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C.  A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in-the-first-global-robotics-co.md) _Context: United States_
10. [A hearing in the U.S. Senate is held about alleged human rights violations in the Philippines's war against illegal drugs. ](/news/2017/07/20/a-hearing-in-the-u-s-senate-is-held-about-alleged-human-rights-violations-in-the-philippines-s-war-against-illegal-drugs.md) _Context: United States_
