### [2011-02-1](/news/2011/02/1/index.md)

# U.S. soldier Bradley Manning, the alleged whistleblower who is thought to have revealed secret U.S. government documents to the international public, is reported to be held in solitary confinement awaiting trial by the United States for seven months now, treatment which the United Nations deems a form of torture when used for such prolonged periods. 

US soldier accused of giving a dossier of secret documents to WikiLeaks is held in solitary confinement awaiting trial.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/video/americas/2011/02/20112154519935748.html)

### Related:

1. [United Nations special rapporteur on torture and other cruel, inhuman or degrading treatment or punishment Juan E. Mendez suggests the United States is violating UN rules by refusing unmonitored access to imprisoned United States Army private Bradley Manning, the young serviceman the Obama administration accuses of passing classified information on secret U.S. activities to the WikiLeaks whistleblower website. ](/news/2011/07/12/united-nations-special-rapporteur-on-torture-and-other-cruel-inhuman-or-degrading-treatment-or-punishment-juan-e-ma-c-ndez-suggests-the-unit.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, United Nations, whistleblower_
2. [It is reported that the United States has denied the United Nations access to imprisoned serviceman Bradley Manning whom the U.S. accuses of disclosing government information to the general public. ](/news/2011/05/1/it-is-reported-that-the-united-states-has-denied-the-united-nations-access-to-imprisoned-serviceman-bradley-manning-whom-the-u-s-accuses-of.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, United Nations_
3. [''The Washington Post'' reports that the military forces imprisoned alleged whistleblower Bradley Manning to strip each night and sleep naked, having confiscated his boxers earlier this week following Manning's protest that restrictions imposed on him were "absurd". A spokesperson for the facility denies "any sort of humiliation or embarrassment" is intended. ](/news/2011/03/6/the-washington-post-reports-that-the-military-forces-imprisoned-alleged-whistleblower-bradley-manning-to-strip-each-night-and-sleep-nake.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, whistleblower_
4. [NBC News reports that United States investigators have been unable to link Bradley Manning to Julian Assange, founder of the whistleblowing website WikiLeaks. ](/news/2011/01/24/nbc-news-reports-that-united-states-investigators-have-been-unable-to-link-bradley-manning-to-julian-assange-founder-of-the-whistleblowing.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, whistleblower_
5. [WikiLeaks:The United Nations office for torture issues in Geneva investigates an abuse complaint concerning United States Army private Bradley Manning, suspected by the United States government of passing classified documents to the WikiLeaks website. ](/news/2010/12/22/wikileaks-pthe-united-nations-office-for-torture-issues-in-geneva-investigates-an-abuse-complaint-concerning-united-states-army-private-brad.md) _Context: Bradley Manning, United Nations_
6. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
7. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
8. [The United Nations confirms that the FARC has completed its disarmament process, with former rebels due to make the transition to civilian life and the group to transform into a legal political party in the country. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-united-nations-confirms-that-the-farc-has-completed-its-disarmament-process-with-former-rebels-due-to-make-the-transition-to-civilian-l.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [The United Nations Human Rights Council conducts a periodic review of the human rights situation in the Philippines. ](/news/2017/05/8/the-united-nations-human-rights-council-conducts-a-periodic-review-of-the-human-rights-situation-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [Philippine vice president Leni Robredo faces an impeachment charge before the House of Representatives for condemning the country's war on drugs at the United Nations. ](/news/2017/05/2/philippine-vice-president-leni-robredo-faces-an-impeachment-charge-before-the-house-of-representatives-for-condemning-the-country-s-war-on-d.md) _Context: United Nations_
