### [2013-01-26](/news/2013/01/26/index.md)

# An Egyptian court gives death sentences to 21 people convicted of involvement in a mass attack by fans of the Al-Masry Club against fans of the Al-Mahly Sports Club at Port Said Stadium on February 1, 2012. 

An Egyptian court sentences 21 people to death over 2012 clashes between football fans, sparking violence in which at least eight people die.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-21209808)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/01/26/us-egypt-court-idUSBRE90P06920130126)

### Related:

1. [An Egyptian court reaffirms the death sentence for 21 football fans for their role in the 2012 Port Said Stadium riot and sentenced two security officers to 15 years in jail for negligence. ](/news/2013/03/9/an-egyptian-court-reaffirms-the-death-sentence-for-21-football-fans-for-their-role-in-the-2012-port-said-stadium-riot-and-sentenced-two-secu.md) _Context: Egypt, reaffirms_
2. [At least one person is killed and 18 injured after clashes in Port Said between Egyptian security forces after the Al-Masry Club is banned for two seasons from the Egyptian Premier League following the Port Said Stadium disaster. ](/news/2012/03/24/at-least-one-person-is-killed-and-18-injured-after-clashes-in-port-said-between-egyptian-security-forces-after-the-al-masry-club-is-banned-f.md) _Context: Al-Masry Club, mass attack_
3. [Two trains collide in Alexandria, Egypt, killing at least 49 people and injuring at least 100. ](/news/2017/08/11/two-trains-collide-in-alexandria-egypt-killing-at-least-49-people-and-injuring-at-least-100.md) _Context: Egypt_
4. [Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization  (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt-bahrain-and-unit.md) _Context: Egypt_
5. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Egypt_
6. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Egypt_
7. [The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab-emirates-and-egypt-towards-qat.md) _Context: Egypt_
8. [Gunmen open fire on buses carrying Coptic Christians in Minya Governorate, Egypt, killing at least 28 people and injuring dozens more. ](/news/2017/05/26/gunmen-open-fire-on-buses-carrying-coptic-christians-in-minya-governorate-egypt-killing-at-least-28-people-and-injuring-dozens-more.md) _Context: Egypt_
9. [At least 45 people have been killed and 50 injured in explosions near two Coptic Christian churches packed with worshippers on Palm Sunday in the Egyptian cities of Tanta and Alexandria. ](/news/2017/04/9/at-least-45-people-have-been-killed-and-50-injured-in-explosions-near-two-coptic-christian-churches-packed-with-worshippers-on-palm-sunday-i.md) _Context: Egypt_
10. [An Egyptian excavation team discovers the remains of a pyramid dating back 3,700 years to the thirteenth Dynasty of Egypt at the Dahshur necropolis 40km south of Cairo. ](/news/2017/04/3/an-egyptian-excavation-team-discovers-the-remains-of-a-pyramid-dating-back-3-700-years-to-the-thirteenth-dynasty-of-egypt-at-the-dahshur-nec.md) _Context: Egypt_
