### [2013-10-17](/news/2013/10/17/index.md)

# President of the United States Barack Obama signs a bipartisan deal approved by Congress to end the Government shutdown and the debt ceiling crisis. 

President Obama signed a deal to reopen the government and raise the debt ceiling on Thursday morning.


### Source:

1. [The Hill](http://thehill.com/homenews/administration/328985-obama-hails-debt-deals-passage-as-lifting-cloud-of-unease)

### Related:

1. [United States federal government shutdown of 2013:U.S. President Barack Obama, the White House Office of Management and Budget, issues a partial shutdown of government agencies after the House and Senate fail to come to an agreement on a spending bill to keep government operations running. ](/news/2013/10/1/united-states-federal-government-shutdown-of-2013-pu-s-president-barack-obama-the-white-house-office-of-management-and-budget-issues-a-pa.md) _Context:  October 2013 federal government shutdown, Barack Obama, United States Congress, president_
2. [Members of the U.S. Congress reach a spending deal that, once passed by both houses, will prevent a year-end government shutdown and will fund Fiscal Year 2016  federal government operations. President Barack Obama signs a separate bipartisan bill  that extends government funding through Tuesday, December 22. ](/news/2015/12/16/members-of-the-u-s-congress-reach-a-spending-deal-that-once-passed-by-both-houses-will-prevent-a-year-end-government-shutdown-and-will-fu.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States Congress, president_
3. [The United States Congress sends a human trafficking bill to President Barack Obama for signature. ](/news/2015/05/19/the-united-states-congress-sends-a-human-trafficking-bill-to-president-barack-obama-for-signature.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States Congress, president_
4. [The President of the United States Barack Obama delivers a State of the Union address to the United States Congress. ](/news/2015/01/20/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-delivers-a-state-of-the-union-address-to-the-united-states-congress.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States Congress, president_
5. [The United States Congress officially declares President Barack Obama the winner of the 2012 presidential election. ](/news/2013/01/4/the-united-states-congress-officially-declares-president-barack-obama-the-winner-of-the-2012-presidential-election.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States Congress, president_
6. [United States President Barack Obama presents his 2012 State of the Union Address to the United States Congress. ](/news/2012/01/24/united-states-president-barack-obama-presents-his-2012-state-of-the-union-address-to-the-united-states-congress.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States Congress, president_
7. [President of the United States Barack Obama delivers a speech to a joint session of both houses of Congress, putting forward a new job-creation plan entailing major spending initiatives and tax cuts. ](/news/2011/09/8/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-delivers-a-speech-to-a-joint-session-of-both-houses-of-congress-putting-forward-a-new-job-creat.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States Congress, president_
8. [The United States Congress votes to approve a four year extension of powers in the USA PATRIOT Act and President of the United States Barack Obama signs it into law. ](/news/2011/05/26/the-united-states-congress-votes-to-approve-a-four-year-extension-of-powers-in-the-usa-patriot-act-and-president-of-the-united-states-barack.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States Congress, president_
9. [New trials are reported to be starting soon at Guantanamo Bay after the United States Congress blocks President of the United States Barack Obama's attempts to close the prison; The Pentagon refuses to comment. ](/news/2011/01/20/new-trials-are-reported-to-be-starting-soon-at-guanta-namo-bay-after-the-united-states-congress-blocks-president-of-the-united-states-barack.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States Congress, president_
10. [Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution's emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-claiming-that-u-s-president-t.md) _Context: United States Congress, president_
