### [2005-07-22](/news/2005/07/22/index.md)

#  A bomb explodes from beneath a car in the Lebanese capital of Beirut causing injuries, but no deaths. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4709155.stm)

### Related:

1. [ One person dies following an apparent grenade explosion at the Kuwait information office in the Lebanese capital Beirut. ](/news/2005/09/19/one-person-dies-following-an-apparent-grenade-explosion-at-the-kuwait-information-office-in-the-lebanese-capital-beirut.md) _Context: Beirut, capital_
2. [The United States Supreme Court rules that almost $2 billion in frozen Iranian assets must be turned over to American families of people killed in attacks blamed on Iran, including the 1983 bombing of a U.S. Marine Corps barracks in Beirut, Lebanon. ](/news/2016/04/20/the-united-states-supreme-court-rules-that-almost-2-billion-in-frozen-iranian-assets-must-be-turned-over-to-american-families-of-people-kil.md) _Context: Beirut_
3. [The Saudi-owned news channel Al Arabiya shuts its offices in Beirut, Lebanon and dismisses 27 employees in a sudden move reflecting tensions between Saudi Arabia and Lebanon-based Hezbollah, which is backed by Iran. Saudi Arabia interpreted Lebanon's lack of public solidarity as a sign that it had become beholden to Hezbollah. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-saudi-owned-news-channel-al-arabiya-shuts-its-offices-in-beirut-lebanon-and-dismisses-27-employees-in-a-sudden-move-reflecting-tensions.md) _Context: Beirut_
4. [ A sudden noise immediately before the "black box" flight data recorder went dark indicates the plane was brought down by a bomb, according to unnamed sources. Officially, Ayman el-Muqadem says the Egyptian investigative team is "considering all possible scenarios for the cause of the accident" and has not yet reached any conclusions. ](/news/2015/11/7/a-sudden-noise-immediately-before-the-black-box-flight-data-recorder-went-dark-indicates-the-plane-was-brought-down-by-a-bomb-according.md) _Context: bomb_
5. [U.S. intelligence analysts conclude the Russian plane was not brought down by surface-to-air missile. An American infrared satellite detected a heat flash at the same time and same place over the Sinai as the plane, but no evidence a missile was involved. Analysts believe it could have been some kind of explosion on the aircraft itself, either a fuel tank or a bomb. U.S. officials do not rule out that ISIL could have been responsible for bringing down the flight. ](/news/2015/11/2/u-s-intelligence-analysts-conclude-the-russian-plane-was-not-brought-down-by-surface-to-air-missile-an-american-infrared-satellite-detecte.md) _Context: bomb_
6. [Lebanon arrests nine people including seven Syrians over the recent Beirut bombings that killed at least 44 people. ](/news/2015/11/15/lebanon-arrests-nine-people-including-seven-syrians-over-the-recent-beirut-bombings-that-killed-at-least-44-people.md) _Context: Beirut_
7. [A day of mourning is held in Lebanon following two suicide attacks in the capital Beirut which killed at least 43 people. ](/news/2015/11/13/a-day-of-mourning-is-held-in-lebanon-following-two-suicide-attacks-in-the-capital-beirut-which-killed-at-least-43-people.md) _Context: Beirut_
8. [Lebanese Interior Minister Nouhad Machnouk reports at least 43 people were killed and more than 239 wounded as two, simultaneous suicide bomb blasts hit a Shi'ite community center and a nearby bakery in the Beirut suburb of Bourj el-Barajneh, a section of the Lebanese capital controlled by Hezbollah. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. Machnouk said a third suicide bomber had been killed by one of the explosions before he could detonate his own bomb. The bombers struck as Lebanese lawmakers held a legislative session for the first time in over a year. ](/news/2015/11/12/lebanese-interior-minister-nouhad-machnouk-reports-at-least-43-people-were-killed-and-more-than-239-wounded-as-two-simultaneous-suicide-bom.md) _Context: Beirut_
9. [Protestors in Beirut continue their protests against the government due to a lack of effective garbage collection in the city during one of the hottest summers on record. ](/news/2015/08/30/protestors-in-beirut-continue-their-protests-against-the-government-due-to-a-lack-of-effective-garbage-collection-in-the-city-during-one-of.md) _Context: Beirut_
10. [Thai police report a man with a fake passport has been arrested in a Bangkok suburb in connection with the Erawan Shrine bombing. The man was allegedly in possession of bomb making material and dozens of passports. ](/news/2015/08/29/thai-police-report-a-man-with-a-fake-passport-has-been-arrested-in-a-bangkok-suburb-in-connection-with-the-erawan-shrine-bombing-the-man-wa.md) _Context: bomb_
