### [2005-07-22](/news/2005/07/22/index.md)

#  A South Asian-looking man, suspected of being an attempted suicide bomber, having been chased by plainclothes police has been reportedly pinned to the ground then shot five times at Stockwell tube station in London, and has been confirmed dead by the police. (Wikinews), [http://www.guardian.co.uk/attackonlondon/story/0,16132,1534138,00.html (the Guardian)], [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/4706787.stm (BBC)] [http://www.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/europe/07/22/london.tube/index.html (CNN)] [http://www.sky.com/skynews/article/0,,30000-1189920,00.html (Sky)].  The man was actually an innocent Brazilian killed without cause.




### Related:

1. [ British Airways flight 175 from London to New York is turned back by the U.S. Transportation Security Administration, who claim a passenger's name matches a suspected Moroccan terrorist. The passenger is questioned for two hours by British police and then released. The other 239 passengers resume their journeys nine hours late. ](/news/2005/01/12/british-airways-flight-175-from-london-to-new-york-is-turned-back-by-the-u-s-transportation-security-administration-who-claim-a-passenger.md) _Context: British Police, London_
2. [A childcare worker in London is reportedly stabbed by three women while on her way to work, suffering non life threatening injuries. ](/news/2017/06/7/a-childcare-worker-in-london-is-reportedly-stabbed-by-three-women-while-on-her-way-to-work-suffering-non-life-threatening-injuries.md) _Context: London_
3. [A suicide bombing occurs in Kabul near the German embassy with at least 90 killed and 461 injured. ](/news/2017/05/31/a-suicide-bombing-occurs-in-kabul-near-the-german-embassy-with-at-least-90-killed-and-461-injured.md) _Context: suicide bombing_
4. [A suicide bombing attack on a NATO convoy in Kabul kills eight civilians and wounds at least 28 people. ](/news/2017/05/3/a-suicide-bombing-attack-on-a-nato-convoy-in-kabul-kills-eight-civilians-and-wounds-at-least-28-people.md) _Context: suicide bombing_
5. [A 27-year-old man carrying several knives in a backpack is arrested at Parliament Square, London, near the site of last month's Westminster attack. ](/news/2017/04/27/a-27-year-old-man-carrying-several-knives-in-a-backpack-is-arrested-at-parliament-square-london-near-the-site-of-last-month-s-westminster.md) _Context: London_
6. [A vehicle mounts the pavement and runs into pedestrians in Islington, London, injuring 4. The teenage perpetrators are found carrying offensive weapons, but are not assumed to be terrorists. ](/news/2017/03/25/a-vehicle-mounts-the-pavement-and-runs-into-pedestrians-in-islington-london-injuring-4-the-teenage-perpetrators-are-found-carrying-offens.md) _Context: London_
7. [Several British MPs demand an investigation into a recent scandal in which an Israeli embassy official in London had conspired to damage the reputation of several British politicians in response to the recent United Nations Security Council resolution. ](/news/2017/01/8/several-british-mps-demand-an-investigation-into-a-recent-scandal-in-which-an-israeli-embassy-official-in-london-had-conspired-to-damage-the.md) _Context: London_
8. [London Mayor Sadiq Khan declares a public health emergency for at least the next three days because of high levels of air pollution in the London area. The Department for Environment says this pollution episode could last until at least Sunday. ](/news/2017/01/18/london-mayor-sadiq-khan-declares-a-public-health-emergency-for-at-least-the-next-three-days-because-of-high-levels-of-air-pollution-in-the-l.md) _Context: London_
9. [At least 32 people are killed and another 80 injured in a suicide bombing at a Kabul Shia mosque. ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/21/at-least-32-people-are-killed-and-another-80-injured-in-a-suicide-bombing-at-a-kabul-shia-mosque-isil-claims-responsibility.md) _Context: suicide bombing_
10. [A London-based trader who traded on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Navinder Singh Sarao, accused of contributing to the 2010 Wall Street "flash crash" by placing bogus orders to spoof the market, fails in his legal bid to stop extradition and will now be sent to the United States to face trial where he is wanted by U.S. authorities on 22 criminal counts of wire fraud, commodities fraud, and market manipulation. A judge initially approved his extradition in March, and today his bid to launch an appeal against that decision was rejected, ending his 18-month legal fight. He will now be extradited within 28 days. ](/news/2016/10/14/a-london-based-trader-who-traded-on-the-chicago-mercantile-exchange-navinder-singh-sarao-accused-of-contributing-to-the-2010-wall-street.md) _Context: London_
