### [2005-07-22](/news/2005/07/22/index.md)

#  Leaked excerpts from the United Nations' report into Zimbabwe's Operation Murambatsvina state that the operation has been a "disastrous venture" that has violated international law and created a grave humanitarian crisis. It further suggests that the act might qualify as a crime against humanity and urged Zimbabwe to prosecute those responsible. 




### Source:

1. [Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/worldlatest/story/0,1280,-5159000,00.html)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations says that the legalization of marijuana in Uruguay is a violation of international law. ](/news/2013/12/12/the-united-nations-says-that-the-legalization-of-marijuana-in-uruguay-is-a-violation-of-international-law.md) _Context: United Nations, international law_
2. [A South African court rules that the country is obliged under international law to investigate human rights abuses in Zimbabwe. ](/news/2012/05/8/a-south-african-court-rules-that-the-country-is-obliged-under-international-law-to-investigate-human-rights-abuses-in-zimbabwe.md) _Context: Zimbabwe, international law_
3. [The United Nations is investigating suspected transfer of weapons from Zimbabwe to Ivory Coast's incumbent President of the Ivory Coast Laurent Gbagbo in violation of UN sanctions. ](/news/2011/03/4/the-united-nations-is-investigating-suspected-transfer-of-weapons-from-zimbabwe-to-ivory-coast-s-incumbent-president-of-the-ivory-coast-laur.md) _Context: United Nations, Zimbabwe_
4. [Philip Alston, the international law scholar who recently stepped down as the United Nations's senior official on extrajudicial killings, calls for the UN to investigate war crimes in Afghanistan and to convict those responsible. ](/news/2010/09/26/philip-alston-the-international-law-scholar-who-recently-stepped-down-as-the-united-nations-s-senior-official-on-extrajudicial-killings-ca.md) _Context: United Nations, international law_
5. [ The United Nations Torture Investigator, Manfred Nowak, is prevented last minute from entering Zimbabwe. ](/news/2009/10/28/the-united-nations-torture-investigator-manfred-nowak-is-prevented-last-minute-from-entering-zimbabwe.md) _Context: United Nations, Zimbabwe_
6. [ Zimbabwe has failed to keep its promise to build new homes for the thousands whose houses were demolished last year during Operation Murambatsvina. ](/news/2006/09/8/zimbabwe-has-failed-to-keep-its-promise-to-build-new-homes-for-the-thousands-whose-houses-were-demolished-last-year-during-operation-muramb.md) _Context: Operation Murambatsvina, Zimbabwe_
7. [ The United Nations Committee Against Torture tells the United States it should close any secret prisons abroad and the Guantnamo Bay facility in Cuba, saying they violate international law. It also calls for the US not to use interrogation techniques that amount to torture and to stop the practice of "extraordinary renditions". ](/news/2006/05/19/the-united-nations-committee-against-torture-tells-the-united-states-it-should-close-any-secret-prisons-abroad-and-the-guantanamo-bay-facil.md) _Context: United Nations, international law_
8. [ UN special envoy Anna Tibaijuka meets Robert Mugabe in Zimbabwe, discussing about a recent urban crackdown that has left 300.000 people homeless](/news/2005/06/29/un-special-envoy-anna-tibaijuka-meets-robert-mugabe-in-zimbabwe-discussing-about-a-recent-urban-crackdown-that-has-left-300-000-people-hom.md) _Context: United Nations, Zimbabwe_
9. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
