### [2005-07-22](/news/2005/07/22/index.md)

#  Malaysian Prime Minister Datuk Seri Abdullah Ahmad Badawi says that he feels it is his duty to prevent Islam and its symbols from being used to propagate violence. He has set three missions for himself - continuing to remind the world community to understand the root causes of terrorism, explaining that Islam is a religion of peace and opposed to violence, and showcasing Malaysia as a modern Islamic country and a safe place to invest and visit. 




### Source:

1. [Iranian Quran News Agency](http://iqna.ir/NewsBodyDesc_en.asp?lang=en&ProdID=23908)
2. [Islam Online](http://www.islamonline.org/English/News/2005-07/21/article03.shtml)
3. [The Star](http://thestar.com.my/news/story.asp?file=/2005/7/22/nation/11555395&sec=nation)

### Related:

1. [Triple Talaq in India. The Supreme Court of India begins hearings on whether oral divorce is a fundamental right of Islam. ](/news/2017/05/11/triple-talaq-in-india-the-supreme-court-of-india-begins-hearings-on-whether-oral-divorce-is-a-fundamental-right-of-islam.md) _Context: Islam_
2. [November 2016 Jakarta protests. Jakarta Governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama (Ahok) pleads not guilty to charges of blaspheming Islam during a September 27 campaign speech. Ahok is an ethnic Chinese Christian. ](/news/2016/12/13/november-2016-jakarta-protests-jakarta-governor-basuki-tjahaja-purnama-ahok-pleads-not-guilty-to-charges-of-blaspheming-islam-during-a-se.md) _Context: Islam_
3. [The far-right mayor of the Hungarian border village of Asotthalom, Laszlo Toroczkai, bans the open expression of Islam, including the construction of mosques and wearing of veils and headscarves, and the promotion of same-sex marriages. ](/news/2016/11/25/the-far-right-mayor-of-the-hungarian-border-village-of-asotthalom-la-szla3-toroczkai-bans-the-open-expression-of-islam-including-the-con.md) _Context: Islam_
4. [UNESCO declares the Western Wall an "Islamic site" and refrains from mentioning its connection to Jewish culture. Over half the voting countries chose to abstain. ](/news/2016/10/13/unesco-declares-the-western-wall-an-islamic-site-and-refrains-from-mentioning-its-connection-to-jewish-culture-over-half-the-voting-count.md) _Context: Islam_
5. [Opposition to immigration. Anti-Islamism. Protesters rally against Islam and immigration in several European cities amid growing tensions over the massive influx of asylum-seekers to the continent. ](/news/2016/02/6/opposition-to-immigration-anti-islamism-protesters-rally-against-islam-and-immigration-in-several-european-cities-amid-growing-tensions-ov.md) _Context: Islam_
6. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Destruction of cultural heritage by ISIL. Satellite images released by the Associated Press reveal the historic Saint Elijah's Monastery near the Iraqi city of Mosul, the oldest Christian monastery in Iraq that predates Islam, has been completely razed by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. ](/news/2016/01/20/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-destruction-of-cultural-heritage-by-isil-satellite-images-released-by-the-associated-press-reveal-the-his.md) _Context: Islam_
7. [The Republican Speaker of the House Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell distance the party from presidential candidate Donald Trump-s recent comments calling for a ban on Muslims entering the United States. While not entering into a political fray - in view of U.S. partnerships with Muslim nations and Muslim personnel serving in the United States Armed Forces - the Pentagon press secretary calls anti-Muslim rhetoric a national security threat. ](/news/2015/12/9/the-republican-speaker-of-the-house-paul-ryan-and-senate-majority-leader-mitch-mcconnell-distance-the-party-from-presidential-candidate-dona.md) _Context: Islam_
8. [The governments of Somalia, Tajikistan and Brunei ban celebrations of Christmas, with punishments ranging up to a five-year jail term. Each country has a majority-Muslim population. ](/news/2015/12/23/the-governments-of-somalia-tajikistan-and-brunei-ban-celebrations-of-christmas-with-punishments-ranging-up-to-a-five-year-jail-term-each.md) _Context: Islam_
9. [2015 San Bernardino attack. Neither Syed Rizwan Farook nor his wife Tashfeen Malik made open posts on social media regarding radical Islamic jihad or martyrdom prior to the attack, according to FBI Director James B. Comey. There were, however, direct, private messages to each other that did reflect this commitment. ](/news/2015/12/16/2015-san-bernardino-attack-neither-syed-rizwan-farook-nor-his-wife-tashfeen-malik-made-open-posts-on-social-media-regarding-radical-islamic.md) _Context: Islam_
10. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu retracts controversial comments he made about Nazi policies during World War 2, saying he never meant to claim that an Islamic leader Amin al-Husseini persuaded Adolf Hitler to adopt a policy to kill European Jews. ](/news/2015/10/31/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-retracts-controversial-comments-he-made-about-nazi-policies-during-world-war-2-saying-he-never-me.md) _Context: Islam_
