### [2008-04-30](/news/2008/04/30/index.md)

#  The United States Department of State's annual report on terrorism states that al-Qaeda "has reconstituted some of its pre-9/11 operational capabilities" in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan. 

State Department reports a 16-percent increase in terrorist attacks in Afghanistan between 2006 and 2007 due to resurgent extremist activity there and in neighboring Pakistan.


### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,353400,00.html)
2. [USA Today](http://blogs.usatoday.com/ondeadline/2008/04/report-al-qaeda.html)
2. [Cover Image](http://www.foxnews.com/content/dam/fox-news/logo/og-fn-foxnews.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ Chenagai airstrike: Pakistani helicopter gunships fired missiles and destroyed an al-Qaeda-linked training facility and killed 80 suspected terrorists in a northwestern tribal area near the Afghan border, in a madrassa near the town of Khar. ](/news/2006/10/30/chenagai-airstrike-pakistani-helicopter-gunships-fired-missiles-and-destroyed-an-al-qaeda-linked-training-facility-and-killed-80-suspected.md) _Context: Pakistan, al-Qaeda, terrorism_
2. [ War on Terrorism: A terrorism expert with access to intelligence on Al-Qaeda says the group wants to launch a catastrophic attack in the United States.](/news/2003/11/28/war-on-terrorism-a-terrorism-expert-with-access-to-intelligence-on-al-qaeda-says-the-group-wants-to-launch-a-catastrophic-attack-in-the-un.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, al-Qaeda, terrorism_
3. [ War on Terrorism - Canal Hotel: US officials comment terror group linked to al Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, is emerging as a top suspect in the U.N. headquarters bombing in Baghdad. "It's part of a global war against terrorism that was officially declared on us on September 11. It's quite clear we do have terrorists inside Iraq now."](/news/2003/08/20/war-on-terrorism-a-canal-hotel-us-officials-comment-terror-group-linked-to-al-qaeda-ansar-al-islam-is-emerging-as-a-top-suspect-in-the.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, al-Qaeda, terrorism_
4. [ War on Terrorism: Arab television airs an audio tape allegedly from al Qaeda official Abdel Rahman al-Najdi saying Osama bin Laden and Taliban chief Mullah Omar are alive. The tape advocates Muslims to commit terroristic acts and fight the Coalition forces in Iraq.](/news/2003/08/18/war-on-terrorism-arab-television-airs-an-audio-tape-allegedly-from-al-qaeda-official-abdel-rahman-al-najdi-saying-osama-bin-laden-and-tali.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, al-Qaeda, terrorism_
5. [ War on Terrorism: "The Sunday Times" reports that Al-Qaeda terrorists have infiltrated Iraq from surrounding Arab countries and have aligned themselves with former intelligence agents of Saddam Hussein to fight the Coalition forces. Their attacks have killed Coalition soldiers and Iraqi police officers, among others.](/news/2003/08/10/war-on-terrorism-the-sunday-times-reports-that-al-qaeda-terrorists-have-infiltrated-iraq-from-surrounding-arab-countries-and-have-aligne.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, al-Qaeda, terrorism_
6. [At least 22 people are killed and around 90 injured after a bomb explodes at a vegetable market in Parachinar in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan. ](/news/2017/01/21/at-least-22-people-are-killed-and-around-90-injured-after-a-bomb-explodes-at-a-vegetable-market-in-parachinar-in-the-federally-administered.md) _Context: Federally Administered Tribal Areas, Pakistan_
7. [ The Pentagon rejects a Russian proposal to stage joint airstrikes against Al-Qaeda linked groups in Syria. ](/news/2016/05/21/the-pentagon-rejects-a-russian-proposal-to-stage-joint-airstrikes-against-al-qaeda-linked-groups-in-syria.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, al-Qaeda_
8. [Pakistan arrests 97 people allegedly involved in terrorist groups such as al-Qaeda and Lashkar-e-Jhangvi who were allegedly plotting a variety of attacks including a plan to get Daniel Pearl's killer out of prison. ](/news/2016/02/12/pakistan-arrests-97-people-allegedly-involved-in-terrorist-groups-such-as-al-qaeda-and-lashkar-e-jhangvi-who-were-allegedly-plotting-a-varie.md) _Context: Pakistan, al-Qaeda_
9. [Pakistani journalist Zaman Mehsud is shot dead by two motorcycle-riding gunmen in Pakistan's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, near the country's northwestern tribal region. According to a 2014 report, at least 56 journalists have been killed in Pakistan since 1992. ](/news/2015/11/3/pakistani-journalist-zaman-mehsud-is-shot-dead-by-two-motorcycle-riding-gunmen-in-pakistan-s-khyber-pakhtunkhwa-province-near-the-country-s.md) _Context: Federally Administered Tribal Areas, Pakistan_
10. [Pakistan says seven of its soldiers have been killed in the South Waziristan tribal region by fire from across the border with Afghanistan. The soldiers belonged to the Frontier Corps; the attack targeted a checkpoint northeast of the border village of Angoor Adda. ](/news/2015/10/27/pakistan-says-seven-of-its-soldiers-have-been-killed-in-the-south-waziristan-tribal-region-by-fire-from-across-the-border-with-afghanistan.md) _Context: Federally Administered Tribal Areas, Pakistan_
