### [2008-04-30](/news/2008/04/30/index.md)

#  War on Terrorism. The United States Department of State's annual report on terrorism states that al-Qaeda "has reconstituted some of its pre-9/11 operational capabilities" in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan. 

State Department reports a 16-percent increase in terrorist attacks in Afghanistan between 2006 and 2007 due to resurgent extremist activity there and in neighboring Pakistan.


### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,353400,00.html)
2. [USA Today](http://blogs.usatoday.com/ondeadline/2008/04/report-al-qaeda.html)

### Related:

1. [ Chenagai airstrike: Pakistani helicopter gunships fired missiles and destroyed an al-Qaeda-linked training facility and killed 80 suspected terrorists in a northwestern tribal area near the Afghan border, in a madrassa near the town of Khar. ](/news/2006/10/30/chenagai-airstrike-pakistani-helicopter-gunships-fired-missiles-and-destroyed-an-al-qaeda-linked-training-facility-and-killed-80-suspected.md) _Context: Pakistan, al-Qaeda, terrorism_
2. [ War on Terrorism:. The Pakistani government announces that it has captured Abu Faraj al-Libbi. If verified, this is the most important Al-Qaeda suspect to have been arrested thus far. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/4512885.stm (BBC)]. A former Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) agent reveals the CIA sent a team to Afghanistan only days after the September 11, 2001 attacks with orders to ""Capture Bin Laden, kill him and bring his head back in a box on dry ice"" and to leave other Al-Qaeda leaders' ""heads up on pikes."" [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/4511943.stm (BBC)] (Wikinews)](/news/2005/05/4/war-on-terrorism-the-pakistani-government-announces-that-it-has-captured-abu-faraj-al-libbi-if-verified-this-is-the-most-important-al-q.md) _Context: Pakistan, War on Terrorism, al-Qaeda_
3. [War in North-West Pakistan. 2017 Parachinar bombing. At least 22 people are killed and around 90 injured after a bomb explodes at a vegetable market in Parachinar in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan. ](/news/2017/01/21/war-in-north-west-pakistan-2017-parachinar-bombing-at-least-22-people-are-killed-and-around-90-injured-after-a-bomb-explodes-at-a-vegetabl.md) _Context: Federally Administered Tribal Areas, Pakistan_
4. [ Syrian Civil War. War on Terrorism. The Pentagon rejects a Russian proposal to stage joint airstrikes against Al-Qaeda linked groups in Syria. ](/news/2016/05/21/syrian-civil-war-war-on-terrorism-the-pentagon-rejects-a-russian-proposal-to-stage-joint-airstrikes-against-al-qaeda-linked-groups-in-syr.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, al-Qaeda_
5. [Pakistan arrests 97 people allegedly involved in terrorist groups such as al-Qaeda and Lashkar-e-Jhangvi who were allegedly plotting a variety of attacks including a plan to get Daniel Pearl's killer out of prison. ](/news/2016/02/12/pakistan-arrests-97-people-allegedly-involved-in-terrorist-groups-such-as-al-qaeda-and-lashkar-e-jhangvi-who-were-allegedly-plotting-a-varie.md) _Context: Pakistan, al-Qaeda_
6. [Pakistani journalist Zaman Mehsud is shot dead by two motorcycle-riding gunmen in Pakistan's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, near the country's northwestern tribal region. According to a 2014 report, at least 56 journalists have been killed in Pakistan since 1992. ](/news/2015/11/3/pakistani-journalist-zaman-mehsud-is-shot-dead-by-two-motorcycle-riding-gunmen-in-pakistan-s-khyber-pakhtunkhwa-province-near-the-country-s.md) _Context: Federally Administered Tribal Areas, Pakistan_
7. [War in North-West Pakistan. Pakistan says seven of its soldiers have been killed in the South Waziristan tribal region by fire from across the border with Afghanistan. The soldiers belonged to the Frontier Corps; the attack targeted a checkpoint northeast of the border village of Angoor Adda. ](/news/2015/10/27/war-in-north-west-pakistan-pakistan-says-seven-of-its-soldiers-have-been-killed-in-the-south-waziristan-tribal-region-by-fire-from-across-t.md) _Context: Federally Administered Tribal Areas, Pakistan_
8. [In Peshawar, an unknown assailant shoots and kills Pakistani lawyer Samiullah Afridi, who had defended Dr. Shakil Afridi (in regards to assisting CIA agents hunt al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden), with two Pakistan militant groups, Jundullah and Jamaatul Ahrar, both claiming responsibility. ](/news/2015/03/17/in-peshawar-an-unknown-assailant-shoots-and-kills-pakistani-lawyer-samiullah-afridi-who-had-defended-dr-shakil-afridi-in-regards-to-assi.md) _Context: Pakistan, al-Qaeda_
9. [Pakistan lifts a moratorium on the death penalty for terrorism, months after reinstating it. ](/news/2015/03/10/pakistan-lifts-a-moratorium-on-the-death-penalty-for-terrorism-months-after-reinstating-it.md) _Context: Pakistan, terrorism_
10. [War in North-West Pakistan:. A U.S. drone strike kills eight Uzbek people claimed to be linked with al-Qaeda in Pakistan. ](/news/2015/01/4/war-in-north-west-pakistan-a-u-s-drone-strike-kills-eight-uzbek-people-claimed-to-be-linked-with-al-qaeda-in-pakistan.md) _Context: Pakistan, al-Qaeda_
