### [2006-05-7](/news/2006/05/7/index.md)

#  A disgruntled bus driver goes on a rampage in Dublin, Ireland, smashing through stopped and on-coming vehicles as he drives through streets, across tram lines and up the wrong side of a dual-carriageway. One woman is killed and 13 people more injured, including five Garda (Irish Police). Armed Garda open fire on three occasions to try to stop the bus. 

A 61-year-old woman has been killed and 13 other people were injured, including five garda√≠, after being hit by a stolen bus in Dublin.


### Source:

1. [RT… News](http://www.rte.ie/news/2006/0507/dublin.html)
1. [Cover Image](https://img.rasset.ie/00008739-1600.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Tony Blair is met with a three-hundred person antiwar demonstration and has a small number of individuals throw objects (shoes, bottles and eggs), and encounters an attempted citizen's arrest for war crimes at Eason's in Dublin, Ireland, at his first public book signing for "A Journey"; four are arrested. Clashes between protesters and police lead to the closure of businesses and the Luas tram system. ](/news/2010/09/4/tony-blair-is-met-with-a-three-hundred-person-antiwar-demonstration-and-has-a-small-number-of-individuals-throw-objects-shoes-bottles-and.md) _Context: Dublin, Irish, Luas_
2. [ Two thousand Garda protest against Ireland's government at Dublin's Leinster House. ](/news/2009/02/25/two-thousand-gardai-protest-against-ireland-s-government-at-dublin-s-leinster-house.md) _Context: Dublin, Irish, garda_
3. [ Garda from Ireland's Criminal Investigation Bureau conduct a search for illegal documentation at the Anglo Irish Bank headquarters in Saint Stephen's Green, Dublin. ](/news/2009/02/24/gardai-from-ireland-s-criminal-investigation-bureau-conduct-a-search-for-illegal-documentation-at-the-anglo-irish-bank-headquarters-in-sain.md) _Context: Dublin, Irish, garda_
4. [ An RT "Prime Time" investigation accuses the Garda Sochna, the Republic of Ireland's police force, of violent abuse of people arrested. Irish Minister of State Dick Roche accuses Garda of "torture" of one student beaten up in a Dublin police station, while a former judge accuses police of committing perjury in his courts. The Garda deny all allegations.](/news/2004/01/8/an-rte-prime-time-investigation-accuses-the-garda-siochana-the-republic-of-ireland-s-police-force-of-violent-abuse-of-people-arrested.md) _Context: Dublin, Irish, garda_
5. [A 3 year-old boy is stabbed to death in an incident in the Poddle Park area of Kimmage in Dublin, Ireland. The child's mother, believed to be an Iranian national, is being treated for knife wounds in hospital. ](/news/2017/07/10/a-3-year-old-boy-is-stabbed-to-death-in-an-incident-in-the-poddle-park-area-of-kimmage-in-dublin-ireland-the-child-s-mother-believed-to-b.md) _Context: Dublin, Irish_
6. [Thousands of people in Dublin, Ireland, attend the Irish government's commemoration of the 1916 Easter Rising against British rule. ](/news/2016/03/27/thousands-of-people-in-dublin-ireland-attend-the-irish-government-s-commemoration-of-the-1916-easter-rising-against-british-rule.md) _Context: Dublin, Irish_
7. [A shooting at a boxing match weigh-in between Jamie Kavanagh and Antonio JoGBPo Bento in Dublin, Republic of Ireland, leaves one person dead and two others injured. The gunmen were reportedly dressed as police officers and armed with AK-47s. ](/news/2016/02/5/a-shooting-at-a-boxing-match-weigh-in-between-jamie-kavanagh-and-antonio-joagbpo-bento-in-dublin-republic-of-ireland-leaves-one-person-dea.md) _Context: Dublin, Irish_
8. [Members of Ireland's police force Garda Siochana raid the Dublin home of former MEP Paul Murphy TD, taking Murphy into custody along with three other activists and politicians opposing the water-tax-rate change, stirring nationwide speculation of "political policing." The police later release all four without charges. ](/news/2015/02/9/members-of-ireland-s-police-force-garda-saocha-na-raid-the-dublin-home-of-former-mep-paul-murphy-td-taking-murphy-into-custody-along-with.md) _Context: Dublin, Irish_
9. [The Garda Sochna Ombudsman Commission (GSOC), Ireland's police Ombudsman, is revealed to have been bugged, with emails, wi-fi and phone systems at its Dublin headquarters also accessed illegally and internationally. ](/news/2014/02/10/the-garda-siochana-ombudsman-commission-gsoc-ireland-s-police-ombudsman-is-revealed-to-have-been-bugged-with-emails-wi-fi-and-phone-sy.md) _Context: Dublin, Irish_
10. [Ireland's Army Bomb Disposal Team receives four calls in the capital Dublin: among them is a false alarm, dealt with at the Israeli embassy in Ballsbridge. ](/news/2012/08/21/ireland-s-army-bomb-disposal-team-receives-four-calls-in-the-capital-dublin-among-them-is-a-false-alarm-dealt-with-at-the-israeli-embassy.md) _Context: Dublin, Irish_
