### [2011-08-5](/news/2011/08/5/index.md)

# Philippine President Benigno Aquino III meets with rebel Moro Islamic Liberation Front leader Al Haj Murad Ibrahim in Tokyo. 




### Source:

1. [Philippine Inquirer](http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/36817/aquino-meets-with-moro-rebel-leader-in-tokyo)
2. [Radio Australia](http://www.radioaustralianews.net.au/stories/201108/3286942.htm?desktop)

### Related:

1. [Typhoon Haiyan:Philippine President Benigno Aquino III is criticized by survivors, aid agencies, and international and local media for his inadequate response to the tragedy. ](/news/2013/11/14/typhoon-haiyan-pphilippine-president-benigno-aquino-iii-is-criticized-by-survivors-aid-agencies-and-international-and-local-media-for-his.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, Philippine, President of the Philippines_
2. [Former President of the Philippines Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III is indicted (among others) by the Office of the Ombudsman for his failure in handling the 2015 Mamasapano clash, which resulted in the deaths of 44 members of the Special Action Forces of the Philippine National Police. Aquino's legal team has vowed to appeal for a motion for reconsideration; as well as the group Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption (representing the victims' families), against what they call a "weak case" (citing Aquino's charges of "graft" & "usurpation of authority", instead of "reckless imprudence resulting in multiple homicide") ](/news/2017/07/14/former-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-noynoy-aquino-iii-is-indicted-among-others-by-the-office-of-the-ombudsman-for-his-failure-in.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, President of the Philippines_
3. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-united-states-refuses-to-sell-some-weapons.md) _Context: Philippine, President of the Philippines_
4. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte fires thousands of former president Benigno Aquino III appointees from the government. ](/news/2016/08/22/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-fires-thousands-of-former-president-benigno-aquino-iii-appointees-from-the-government.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, President of the Philippines_
5. [''Philippines v. China''On his final day as President of the Philippines, Benigno Aquino III says he was right when he sued China over the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/06/29/philippines-v-china-pon-his-final-day-as-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-aquino-iii-says-he-was-right-when-he-sued-china-over-the.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, President of the Philippines_
6. [ Abu Sayyaf militants, who threatened to kill three foreigners kidnapped in September, 2015,  from a "high-end" Philippine resort, unless they were paid 900 million pesos (17 mil Euros) by midnight today (15:00 UTC), have beheaded one of the hostages, Canadian John Ridsdel. Philippine President Benigno Aquino III  had ordered an all-out effort to rescue the hostages, including a Philippine woman, kidnapped  by the Daesh-linked group. ](/news/2016/04/25/abu-sayyaf-militants-who-threatened-to-kill-three-foreigners-kidnapped-in-september-2015-from-a-high-end-philippine-resort-unless-th.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, President of the Philippines_
7. [Reuters reports Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Philippine President Benigno Aquino are set to agree on a deal paving the way for Tokyo to directly supply Manila with used military equipment. An announcement is expected this week during the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Manila. ](/news/2015/11/15/reuters-reports-japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-and-philippine-president-benigno-aquino-are-set-to-agree-on-a-deal-paving-the-way-for-to.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, President of the Philippines_
8. [ President Benigno Aquino III says the Philippines doesn't have the capacity to permanently house Manus Island refugees from Australian-run detention camps. ](/news/2015/10/27/president-benigno-aquino-iii-says-the-philippines-doesn-t-have-the-capacity-to-permanently-house-manus-island-refugees-from-australian-run.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, President of the Philippines_
9. [Philippine presidential election, 2016:President Benigno Aquino III endorses the presidential candidacy of Interior and Local Government Secretary Mar Roxas in 2016. ](/news/2015/07/31/philippine-presidential-election-2016-ppresident-benigno-aquino-iii-endorses-the-presidential-candidacy-of-interior-and-local-government-se.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, President of the Philippines_
10. [Benigno Aquino, the President of the Philippines, says that his government will start discussions with Japan about allowing Japan Self-Defense Forces to refuel at Filipino bases allowing the extension of operations into the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/06/5/benigno-aquino-the-president-of-the-philippines-says-that-his-government-will-start-discussions-with-japan-about-allowing-japan-self-defen.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, President of the Philippines_
