### [2005-01-24](/news/2005/01/24/index.md)

#  Conflict in Iraq: A suicide car bomb is detonated near interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi's Iraqi National Accord party office. Officials say Allawi was not in the area at the time and that seven policemen and three civilians were wounded. U.S. military officials confirm the death of one soldier in Mosul and state four of Iraq's 18 provinces, a quarter of the total population and predominantly Sunni, will be unsafe to vote in Sunday's elections. 

Get the latest breaking news and top news headlines at Reuters.com


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=7405578)
1. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [ Conflict in Iraq: U.S. troops reach the center of Falluja with heavy fighting reported throughout the city. The Pentagon announces 10 U.S. and two Iraqi soldiers killed in the assault. One third of prisoners captured in Falluja by Iraqi forces have been foreigners from Egypt and Syria. Residents say a U.S. airstrike hit a clinic killing medical staff and patients. A nine-year-old boy dies because of lack of medical assistance after he was hit by shrapnel in what parents say was a separate airstrike. The mainly Sunni Iraqi Islamic Party withdraws from the Iraq Interim Governing Council. Iraqi and U.S. forces capture a mosque in northwest Falluja that was being used as an arms depot and insurgent meeting place and the Muslim Clerics Association called for a boycott of the election in protest of the assault. In Mosul, two U.S. soldiers are killed when mortars land in a military base. Three police stations are attacked in Baquba with casualty reports ranging from 25 to 45 people killed. A car bomb outside an Iraqi National Guard base near Kirkuk kills three people and wounds two. In Samarra, a senior local government official is assassinated. ](/news/2004/11/8/conflict-in-iraq-u-s-troops-reach-the-center-of-falluja-with-heavy-fighting-reported-throughout-the-city-the-pentagon-announces-10-u-s.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Mosul, Sunni, car bomb_
2. [ Conflict in Iraq: U.S. officers in Fallujah say marines are "cleaning up" remaining insurgents, as artillery and airstrikes continue. In Baiji, A suicide car bomb kills 15 Iraqis and wounds 22. Three Turkish truck drivers are ambushed and killed in Mosul. In Ramadi, nine Iraqis are killed and 15 wounded when U.S. forces confront insurgents. ](/news/2004/11/17/conflict-in-iraq-u-s-officers-in-fallujah-say-marines-are-cleaning-up-remaining-insurgents-as-artillery-and-airstrikes-continue-in-ba.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraq, Mosul, car bomb_
3. [Some 60 U.S. soldiers and a handful of Iraqis are injured in Tal Afar, west of Mosul, when a pre-dawn car bomb explodes at an entrance to an army base. ](/news/2003/12/9/some-60-u-s-soldiers-and-a-handful-of-iraqis-are-injured-in-tal-afar-west-of-mosul-when-a-pre-dawn-car-bomb-explodes-at-an-entrance-to-an.md) _Context: Iraq, Mosul, U.S., car bomb_
4. [U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph Dunford makes a proposal to President Barack Obama to increase the number of American troops in Iraq, so as to help the Iraqi Army with advisors closer to the front lines and to recapture Mosul, which fell to ISIL in June 2014. ](/news/2016/03/26/u-s-chairman-of-the-joint-chiefs-of-staff-joseph-dunford-makes-a-proposal-to-president-barack-obama-to-increase-the-number-of-american-troo.md) _Context: Iraq, Mosul, U.S._
5. [ Iraq's Police Service kills an Iraqi interpreter and injures at least three U.S. soldiers in Mosul. ](/news/2009/02/24/iraq-s-police-service-kills-an-iraqi-interpreter-and-injures-at-least-three-u-s-soldiers-in-mosul.md) _Context: Iraq, Mosul, U.S._
6. [ War in Iraq: United States troops in Iraq launch an offensive against Al Qaeda-linked Sunni militants and alleged Iranian linked Shiite militants. ](/news/2007/08/13/war-in-iraq-united-states-troops-in-iraq-launch-an-offensive-against-al-qaeda-linked-sunni-militants-and-alleged-iranian-linked-shiite-mil.md) _Context: Iraq, Sunni, U.S._
7. [ Four United States soldiers die in Baghdad in a car bomb attack, while 12 Iraqis die in Baghdad and Iskandariya in the south of Iraq. ](/news/2007/03/15/four-united-states-soldiers-die-in-baghdad-in-a-car-bomb-attack-while-12-iraqis-die-in-baghdad-and-iskandariya-in-the-south-of-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S., car bomb_
8. [ Conflict in Iraq: 16 people die following a car bomb attack in the southern Iraqi city of Basra. ](/news/2005/09/7/conflict-in-iraq-16-people-die-following-a-car-bomb-attack-in-the-southern-iraqi-city-of-basra.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraq, car bomb_
9. [ Conflict in Iraq: According to U.S. and Iraqi government officials, US Air strikes near the border with Syria have left 56 civilians and over seven insurgents dead. ](/news/2005/08/30/conflict-in-iraq-according-to-u-s-and-iraqi-government-officials-us-air-strikes-near-the-border-with-syria-have-left-56-civilians-and-ov.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraq, U.S._
10. [ 3 members of the main Sunni Arab political party in Iraq are kidnapped and killed as they put up posters urging people to vote in the upcoming elections in Mosul. ](/news/2005/08/19/3-members-of-the-main-sunni-arab-political-party-in-iraq-are-kidnapped-and-killed-as-they-put-up-posters-urging-people-to-vote-in-the-upcom.md) _Context: Iraq, Mosul, Sunni_
