### [2015-01-13](/news/2015/01/13/index.md)

# 2014-15 Russian military intervention in Ukraine. A passenger bus comes under heavy fire near a check point in eastern Ukraine leading to at least ten civilians killed and many others injured. 




### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-01-14/ukraine-bus-attack-leaves-10-civilians-dead-several-wounded/6015548)

### Related:

1. [2014-15 Russian military intervention in Ukraine. Video interviews show that two Russians captured in Ukraine have publicly admitted to being soldiers in the GRU Russian special forces. The Donetsk People's Republic (separatists) authorities claim these men were official policemen in the self-proclaimed republic, publicized their ID badges, and claimed they retired from the Russian military last year. ](/news/2015/05/21/2014-15-russian-military-intervention-in-ukraine-video-interviews-show-that-two-russians-captured-in-ukraine-have-publicly-admitted-to-be.md) _Context: Ukraine, military intervention in Ukraine_
2. [War in Donbass. Pro-Russian rebels start a two-week process of removing heavy weapons from the front lines in eastern Ukraine in accordance with the ceasefire agreement. ](/news/2015/02/22/war-in-donbass-pro-russian-rebels-start-a-two-week-process-of-removing-heavy-weapons-from-the-front-lines-in-eastern-ukraine-in-accordance.md) _Context: Ukraine, military intervention in Ukraine_
3. [2014-15 Russian military intervention in Ukraine. Ukraine and Russian-backed separatists conduct peace talks as fighting rages in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2015/01/31/2014-15-russian-military-intervention-in-ukraine-ukraine-and-russian-backed-separatists-conduct-peace-talks-as-fighting-rages-in-eastern.md) _Context: Ukraine, military intervention in Ukraine_
4. [2014-15 Russian military intervention in Ukraine:. The President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko accuses Russia of sending 9,000 soldiers to help separatists in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2015/01/21/2014-15-russian-military-intervention-in-ukraine-the-president-of-ukraine-petro-poroshenko-accuses-russia-of-sending-9-000-soldiers-to-h.md) _Context: Ukraine, military intervention in Ukraine_
5. [2017 North Korea crisis. The International Institute for Strategic Studies releases a report arguing that North Korea has acquired a high-performance liquid-propellant engine for its missile program, probably from illicit networks in Russia and Ukraine, likely produced by Yuzhmash facilities. Ukraine denies the allegations. ](/news/2017/08/14/2017-north-korea-crisis-the-international-institute-for-strategic-studies-releases-a-report-arguing-that-north-korea-has-acquired-a-high-pe.md) _Context: Ukraine_
6. [War in Donbass. Ukraine's domestic intelligence service, the SBU, reports that the March 2017 explosions at Balakliia military base in Eastern Ukraine were caused by a drone carrying a ZMG-1 thermite grenade. The explosions resulted in 1 death and 5 injuries. ](/news/2017/07/27/war-in-donbass-ukraine-s-domestic-intelligence-service-the-sbu-reports-that-the-march-2017-explosions-at-balakliia-military-base-in-easte.md) _Context: Ukraine_
7. [War in Donbass. Kurt Volker, U.S. special representative for Ukraine, says in a BBC News interview that the White House is considering arming Ukrainian government forces fighting Pro-Russian militants with defensive weapons. ](/news/2017/07/25/war-in-donbass-kurt-volker-u-s-special-representative-for-ukraine-says-in-a-bbc-news-interview-that-the-white-house-is-considering-armin.md) _Context: Ukraine_
8. [Ukrainian crisis. DPR leader Alexander Zakharchenko announced that the self-declared Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) and Luhansk People's Republic (LPR) would form a new state called Malorossiya (Little Russia) as an official successor to what he called the "failed state" of Ukraine, with Donetsk replacing Kiev as the country's capital. Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko and LPR leader Igor Plotnitsky denounced the plans. ](/news/2017/07/18/ukrainian-crisis-dpr-leader-alexander-zakharchenko-announced-that-the-self-declared-donetsk-people-s-republic-dpr-and-luhansk-people-s-re.md) _Context: Ukraine_
9. [Ukrainian crisis. Ukrainian intelligence officer and head of a special forces unit, Maksym Shapoval, is assassinated in Kiev by car bomb. ](/news/2017/06/27/ukrainian-crisis-ukrainian-intelligence-officer-and-head-of-a-special-forces-unit-maksym-shapoval-is-assassinated-in-kiev-by-car-bomb.md) _Context: Ukraine_
10. [Ukraine-European Union relations. The European Union's visa-free regime for Ukraine officially enters into force. ](/news/2017/06/11/ukraine-european-union-relations-the-european-union-s-visa-free-regime-for-ukraine-officially-enters-into-force.md) _Context: Ukraine_
