### [2015-01-13](/news/2015/01/13/index.md)

# A passenger bus comes under heavy fire near a check point in eastern Ukraine leading to at least ten civilians killed and many others injured. 




### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-01-14/ukraine-bus-attack-leaves-10-civilians-dead-several-wounded/6015548)

### Related:

1. [Video interviews show that two Russians captured in Ukraine have publicly admitted to being soldiers in the GRU Russian special forces. The Donetsk People's Republic (separatists) authorities claim these men were official policemen in the self-proclaimed republic, publicized their ID badges, and claimed they retired from the Russian military last year. ](/news/2015/05/21/video-interviews-show-that-two-russians-captured-in-ukraine-have-publicly-admitted-to-being-soldiers-in-the-gru-russian-special-forces-the.md) _Context: Ukrainian, military intervention in Ukraine_
2. [Pro-Russian rebels start a two-week process of removing heavy weapons from the front lines in eastern Ukraine in accordance with the ceasefire agreement. ](/news/2015/02/22/pro-russian-rebels-start-a-two-week-process-of-removing-heavy-weapons-from-the-front-lines-in-eastern-ukraine-in-accordance-with-the-ceasefi.md) _Context: Ukrainian, military intervention in Ukraine_
3. [Ukraine and Russian-backed separatists conduct peace talks as fighting rages in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2015/01/31/ukraine-and-russian-backed-separatists-conduct-peace-talks-as-fighting-rages-in-eastern-ukraine.md) _Context: Ukrainian, military intervention in Ukraine_
4. [2014-15 Russian military intervention in Ukraine:The President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko accuses Russia of sending 9,000 soldiers to help separatists in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2015/01/21/2014a15-russian-military-intervention-in-ukraine-pthe-president-of-ukraine-petro-poroshenko-accuses-russia-of-sending-9-000-soldiers-to-he.md) _Context: Ukrainian, military intervention in Ukraine_
5. [A series of explosions on a military base near the Ukrainian city of Balakliya forces thousands to be evacuated from their homes. ](/news/2017/03/23/a-series-of-explosions-on-a-military-base-near-the-ukrainian-city-of-balakliya-forces-thousands-to-be-evacuated-from-their-homes.md) _Context: Ukrainian_
6. [A former Ukrainian soldier assassinates former Russian Duma deputy Denis Voronenkov in the Ukrainian capital Kiev. In December 2016, he received Ukrainian citizenship. Ilya Ponomarev says Voronenkov was heading to a meeting with him. ](/news/2017/03/23/a-former-ukrainian-soldier-assassinates-former-russian-duma-deputy-denis-voronenkov-in-the-ukrainian-capital-kiev-in-december-2016-he-rece.md) _Context: Ukrainian_
7. [A methane gas explosion occurs at a coal mine in Lviv Oblast, Ukraine, killing at least eight miners, with another 20 unaccounted for. ](/news/2017/03/2/a-methane-gas-explosion-occurs-at-a-coal-mine-in-lviv-oblast-ukraine-killing-at-least-eight-miners-with-another-20-unaccounted-for.md) _Context: Ukrainian_
8. [A rebel commander is killed by a bomb in eastern Ukraine while three Ukrainian Army soldiers are killed in fighting. At least 33 people have been killed in fighting over the past week. ](/news/2017/02/4/a-rebel-commander-is-killed-by-a-bomb-in-eastern-ukraine-while-three-ukrainian-army-soldiers-are-killed-in-fighting-at-least-33-people-have.md) _Context: Ukrainian_
9. [An Austrian court grants a United States request to extradite Ukrainian businessman Dmytro Firtash. U.S. officials accuse Firtash of being involved in a scandal where he allegedly paid US$18.5 million in bribes for a permit to mine titanium in India, something Firtash denies. ](/news/2017/02/21/an-austrian-court-grants-a-united-states-request-to-extradite-ukrainian-businessman-dmytro-firtash-u-s-officials-accuse-firtash-of-being-i.md) _Context: Ukrainian_
10. [At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that   civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized.  Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol-takes-effect-m.md) _Context: Ukrainian_
