### [2015-01-13](/news/2015/01/13/index.md)

# China sends an additional 232 People's Liberation Army medical workers to West Africa to combat the outbreak (in addition to the 78 that had previously been stationed). 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/f4305fd5916143c2bad35a9698d9db8e/china-sending-large-ebola-relief-team-west-africa)

### Related:

1. [Authorities in China sentence Huang Yu, a computer technician from Sichuan who worked for a government department which handled state secrets, to death for leaking more than 150,000 classified documents to an unidentified foreign power. The documents in question covered secrets ranging from the ruling Communist Party to military and financial issues. ](/news/2016/04/19/authorities-in-china-sentence-huang-yu-a-computer-technician-from-sichuan-who-worked-for-a-government-department-which-handled-state-secret.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, military_
2. [China's People's Liberation Army (PLA) will be deployed in Pakistan to protect the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor that connects the Chinese-operated Gwadar Port in Balochistan, Pakistan to China's Xinjiang region. Neighboring India has voiced concern about the planned move. ](/news/2016/03/13/china-s-people-s-liberation-army-pla-will-be-deployed-in-pakistan-to-protect-the-chinaapakistan-economic-corridor-that-connects-the-chin.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, military_
3. [The World Health Organisation declares an end to the Ebola virus outbreak in West Africa with Liberia the last country to be declared free of the virus. ](/news/2016/01/14/the-world-health-organisation-declares-an-end-to-the-ebola-virus-outbreak-in-west-africa-with-liberia-the-last-country-to-be-declared-free-o.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, West Africa_
4. [Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Liu Zhenmin says the United States was making political provocations with its patrols in the disputed South China Sea. He also says China is building military facilities on islands and reefs in the South China Sea as part of its national defense policy. Yesterday, U.S. President Barack Obama said, for the sake of regional stability,  countries should stop building artificial islands and militarizing their claims in this sea. ](/news/2015/11/22/chinese-vice-foreign-minister-liu-zhenmin-says-the-united-states-was-making-political-provocations-with-its-patrols-in-the-disputed-south-ch.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, military_
5. [The People's Liberation Army of China holds three days of live-fire drills in the Taiwan Strait, while Taiwan holds exercises simulating Chinese submarines attacking Kinmen and being repelled by Taiwanese amphibious forces. ](/news/2015/09/11/the-people-s-liberation-army-of-china-holds-three-days-of-live-fire-drills-in-the-taiwan-strait-while-taiwan-holds-exercises-simulating-chi.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, military_
6. [''Philippines v. China''China condemns the Philippines over the latter's "pressure" over the South China Sea despite the disadvantage of the Armed Forces of the Philippines against China's People's Liberation Army. ](/news/2014/12/7/philippines-v-china-pchina-condemns-the-philippines-over-the-latter-s-pressure-over-the-south-china-sea-despite-the-disadvantage-of-th.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, military_
7. [The World Health Organization reports that the death toll in the three worst affected countries in West Africa - Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone - has passed 5,000. ](/news/2014/11/13/the-world-health-organization-reports-that-the-death-toll-in-the-three-worst-affected-countries-in-west-africa-guinea-liberia-and-sierra.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, West Africa_
8. [A Spanish nurse becomes the first person to be infected with the Ebola virus outside West Africa. ](/news/2014/10/6/a-spanish-nurse-becomes-the-first-person-to-be-infected-with-the-ebola-virus-outside-west-africa.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, West Africa_
9. [The Secretary General of the United Nations Ban Ki-Moon announces the creation of an emergency mission to respond to the virus which has killed over 2,500 people in West Africa . ](/news/2014/09/18/the-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-ban-ki-moon-announces-the-creation-of-an-emergency-mission-to-respond-to-the-virus-which-has-kil.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, West Africa_
10. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa:The United States will send thousands of troops to West Africa to build Ebola virus clinics and train health workers. ](/news/2014/09/16/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-pthe-united-states-will-send-thousands-of-troops-to-west-africa-to-build-ebola-virus-clinics-and-train-h.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, West Africa_
