### [2015-02-7](/news/2015/02/7/index.md)

# Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: Bombings in Baghdad kill at least 37 people hours before the city's curfew was due to end. ISIL claims responsibility. 

Bombings in the Iraqi capital Saturday killed more than three dozen people hours before the city&apos;s longtime curfew was set to come to an end.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/world/middleeast/la-fg-baghdad-bombings-20150207-story.html)
2. [AP via KSL](http://www.ksl.com/?nid=235&sid=33390264&title=bombings-kill-at-least-40-in-baghdad-on-last-day-of-nightly-curfew)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War: Al-Faqma ice cream parlor bombing: A car bomb explosion outside a popular ice cream parlor in central Baghdad kills 13 people and injures 24. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/05/30/iraqi-civil-war-al-faqma-ice-cream-parlor-bombing-a-car-bomb-explosion-outside-a-popular-ice-cream-parlor-in-central-baghdad-kills-13-peop.md) _Context: Baghdad, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
2. [Foreign involvement in the Syrian Civil War: The Iraqi Air Force strikes ISIL targets inside Syria for the first time in response to recent bombings in Baghdad. ](/news/2017/02/24/foreign-involvement-in-the-syrian-civil-war-the-iraqi-air-force-strikes-isil-targets-inside-syria-for-the-first-time-in-response-to-recent.md) _Context: Baghdad, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): A car bomb explodes in a Shi'ite neighbourhood in Baghdad, killing at least 48 people. ISIL claimed responsibility for the bombing. ](/news/2017/02/16/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-car-bomb-explodes-in-a-shi-ite-neighbourhood-in-baghdad-killing-at-least-48-people-isil-claimed-respon.md) _Context: Baghdad, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [Iraqi civil war: Twin suicide bombings at the Nakheel Mall in eastern Baghdad kill 12 people and injure more than 40 others. ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/09/9/iraqi-civil-war-twin-suicide-bombings-at-the-nakheel-mall-in-eastern-baghdad-kill-12-people-and-injure-more-than-40-others-isil-claims-res.md) _Context: Baghdad, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [Iraqi Civil War: Twin bombings in a pair of crowded commercial areas in Baghdad kill at least 125 people. ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/07/3/iraqi-civil-war-twin-bombings-in-a-pair-of-crowded-commercial-areas-in-baghdad-kill-at-least-125-people-isil-claims-responsibility.md) _Context: Baghdad, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Iraqi Civil War: Military intervention against ISIL: At least 21 are killed and more than 35 people injured in a suicide attack at one of the residential entrances to district Kadhimiyah, in northern Baghdad, Iraq. ISIL claims responsibility, as published in its official media. [http://edition.cnn.com/2016/07/24/middleeast/iraq-baghdad-suicide-bombing-isis/ (CNN) ] [http://www.iraqinews.com/iraq-war/isis-claims-responsibility-for-kadhimiya-bombing/ (Iraqi News) ]](/news/2016/07/24/iraqi-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-at-least-21-are-killed-and-more-than-35-people-injured-in-a-suicide-attack-at-one-of-th.md) _Context: Baghdad, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Iraqi civil war (2014-present): Ar-Rutbah offensive (2016): Iraqi Army forces helped by U.S. airstrikes recapture the southwestern city of Ar-Rutbah from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant group. The victory will allow for the re-opening of the Baghdad-Amman highway. ](/news/2016/05/20/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-ar-rutbah-offensive-2016-iraqi-army-forces-helped-by-u-s-airstrikes-recapture-the-southwestern-city-of.md) _Context: Baghdad, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): 11 May 2016 Baghdad bombings: At least 64 people are killed and 87 injured in a bomb attack on a market in Sadr City, Baghdad. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIS) claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/05/11/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-11-may-2016-baghdad-bombings-at-least-64-people-are-killed-and-87-injured-in-a-bomb-attack-on-a-market-in.md) _Context: Baghdad, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [Iraqi Civil War: Two separate car bombs kill at least 12 people in Iraq's capital, Baghdad. The Islamic State claims responsibility for the blast at the security checkpoint in a northern district that killed nine and injured 28 others. Three people are killed and 11 injured at the second bombing in southern Baghdad that targeted an army convoy; no group has claimed responsibility. ](/news/2016/04/23/iraqi-civil-war-two-separate-car-bombs-kill-at-least-12-people-in-iraq-s-capital-baghdad-the-islamic-state-claims-responsibility-for-the.md) _Context: Baghdad, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): During a visit to Baghdad, U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter announces that the United States will be sending more troops to the country to help in the fight against ISIL. The U.S. also plans to give Kurdish Peshmerga forces, which are fighting ISIL on the ground, more than $400m (GBP280m; -350m) in assistance. ](/news/2016/04/18/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-during-a-visit-to-baghdad-u-s-defense-secretary-ash-carter-announces-that-the-united-states-will-be-send.md) _Context: Baghdad, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
