### [2015-02-7](/news/2015/02/7/index.md)

# The leaders of France, Germany and Russia agree to work on a peace plan to be put to the President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko on Sunday. 

A peace plan drawn up by France and Germany is &quot;one of the last chances&quot; to end the conflict in east Ukraine, French leader Francois Hollande says.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-31185027)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/80848000/jpg/_80848351_80848350.jpg)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, in a telephone call, discuss strengthening the two countries' strategic partnership with particular attention to the conflict in the Donbass, a Ukrainian region that borders Russia. ](/news/2017/02/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-and-ukrainian-president-petro-poroshenko-in-a-telephone-call-discuss-strengthening-the-two-countries-strategi.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Russia, Ukrainian President, War in Donbass_
2. [Leaders from Germany, France, Russia and Ukraine meet in the Belarusian capital Minsk for peace talks. ](/news/2015/02/11/leaders-from-germany-france-russia-and-ukraine-meet-in-the-belarusian-capital-minsk-for-peace-talks.md) _Context: France, Germany, Russia, War in Donbass_
3. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel invites the presidents of Russia, Ukraine, and France to meet tomorrow in Berlin to discuss peace efforts in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2016/10/18/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-invites-the-presidents-of-russia-ukraine-and-france-to-meet-tomorrow-in-berlin-to-discuss-peace-efforts-in.md) _Context: France, Russia, War in Donbass_
4. [Former Secretary General of NATO Anders Fogh Rasmussen is named an advisor for Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, a move described by a Russian deputy chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee as a "hostile gesture". ](/news/2016/05/28/former-secretary-general-of-nato-anders-fogh-rasmussen-is-named-an-advisor-for-ukrainian-president-petro-poroshenko-a-move-described-by-a-r.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Russia, Ukrainian President_
5. [Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko signs legislation banning all Russian films made after January 1, 2014. The legislation also bans movies produced by Russia after 1991 if they "glorify the work of government bodies" of Russia, citing such movies to be a threat to national security. ](/news/2016/04/21/ukrainian-president-petro-poroshenko-signs-legislation-banning-all-russian-films-made-after-january-1-2014-the-legislation-also-bans-movie.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Russia, Ukrainian President_
6. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saudi.md) _Context: France, Germany, Russia_
7. [The President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko claims that his forces have repelled an attack on the town of Marinka and captured 12 rebels including one Russian. ](/news/2015/06/6/the-president-of-ukraine-petro-poroshenko-claims-that-his-forces-have-repelled-an-attack-on-the-town-of-marinka-and-captured-12-rebels-inclu.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Ukrainian President, War in Donbass_
8. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: France, Germany, Russia_
9. [Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko warns of a threat to a planned ceasefire tonight from heavy fighting today and accuses Russia of "significantly increasing" its offensive. In a live interview he ordered all Ukrainian forces to cease fire after midnight. ](/news/2015/02/14/ukrainian-president-petro-poroshenko-warns-of-a-threat-to-a-planned-ceasefire-tonight-from-heavy-fighting-today-and-accuses-russia-of-signi.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Russia, War in Donbass_
10. [The President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko accuses Russia of sending 9,000 soldiers to help separatists in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2015/01/21/the-president-of-ukraine-petro-poroshenko-accuses-russia-of-sending-9-000-soldiers-to-help-separatists-in-eastern-ukraine.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Russia, Ukrainian President_
