### [2017-03-29](/news/2017/03/29/index.md)

# French presidential election, 2017. Former candidate Manuel Valls (PS) announces his support for Emmanuel Macron (En Marche!) rather than for his own party's nominee, Benoit Hamon. 

French Socialist Benoit Hamon called on all leftist voters to unite behind his presidential bid Wednesday after former prime minister Manuel Valls said he will vote for rival Emmanuel Macron rather than his own party’s nominee.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](https://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2017-03-29/hamon-calls-on-french-left-to-unite-after-valls-defection)

### Related:

1. [French Socialist Party presidential primary, 2017. In the second round run-off to select the Socialist Party's candidate in this year's spring presidential election, the leftist candidate, former Minister of National Education Benoit Hamon, topped former Prime Minister Manuel Valls, a centrist, with 58.65 percent of the vote. ](/news/2017/01/29/french-socialist-party-presidential-primary-2017-in-the-second-round-run-off-to-select-the-socialist-party-s-candidate-in-this-year-s-spri.md) _Context: Benoit Hamon, Manuel Valls, PS, last month's presidential election_
2. [French legislative election, 2017. Voters in France return to the polls after last month's presidential election for the first round of a legislative election, to begin choosing the 577 members of France's lower house. Opinion polls and exit polls predict that En Marche!, formed by newly elected President Emmanuel Macron, will pick up a majority of seats. ](/news/2017/06/11/french-legislative-election-2017-voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-after-last-month-s-presidential-election-for-the-first-round-of-a-le.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, En Marche!, last month's presidential election_
3. [French presidential election, 2017. Manuel Valls, the Prime Minister of France, announces his candidacy for the Socialist Party nomination. He will step down as PM on Tuesday. ](/news/2016/12/5/french-presidential-election-2017-manuel-valls-the-prime-minister-of-france-announces-his-candidacy-for-the-socialist-party-nomination.md) _Context: Manuel Valls, PS, last month's presidential election_
4. [French presidential election, 2017. Voters in France return to the polls for a run-off, to elect either Emmanuel Macron or Marine Le Pen as the new President of France.](/news/2017/05/7/french-presidential-election-2017-voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-for-a-run-off-to-elect-either-emmanuel-macron-or-marine-le-pen-as.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, last month's presidential election_
5. [French presidential election, 2017. Voting begins in territories and diplomatic missions west of Metropolitan France for the second round of the presidential election between Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen. ](/news/2017/05/6/french-presidential-election-2017-voting-begins-in-territories-and-diplomatic-missions-west-of-metropolitan-france-for-the-second-round-of.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, last month's presidential election_
6. [French presidential election, 2017. Files purportedly from the campaign of Emmanuel Macron are posted online. Macron campaign officials say the files are a mix of fake and authentic documents and drew parallels with what happened in the 2016 US Presidential elections. ](/news/2017/05/5/french-presidential-election-2017-files-purportedly-from-the-campaign-of-emmanuel-macron-are-posted-online-macron-campaign-officials-say.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, last month's presidential election_
7. [French presidential election, 2017. Candidates Marine Le Pen and Emmanuel Macron face off in a debate. ](/news/2017/05/3/french-presidential-election-2017-candidates-marine-le-pen-and-emmanuel-macron-face-off-in-a-debate.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, last month's presidential election_
8. [French presidential election, 2017. France swears in Emmanuel Macron as the 25th President of France. ](/news/2017/05/14/french-presidential-election-2017-france-swears-in-emmanuel-macron-as-the-25th-president-of-france.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, last month's presidential election_
9. [French presidential election, 2017. New polls show Francois Fillon and Jean-Luc Melenchon neck and neck behind the frontrunners Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen ahead of the upcoming first round of the election. ](/news/2017/04/20/french-presidential-election-2017-new-polls-show-franassois-fillon-and-jean-luc-ma-c-lenchon-neck-and-neck-behind-the-frontrunners-emmanuel-m.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, last month's presidential election_
10. [French presidential election, 2017. The closely-watched CEVIPOF poll shows Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen clinging to a narrow lead heading into the first stage of the election, with Le Pen recently becoming embroiled in a spat with the European Commission after refusing to appear on TF1 while there remained a Flag of Europe in the background. ](/news/2017/04/19/french-presidential-election-2017-the-closely-watched-cevipof-poll-shows-emmanuel-macron-and-marine-le-pen-clinging-to-a-narrow-lead-headi.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, last month's presidential election_
