### [2017-03-29](/news/2017/03/29/index.md)

# The European Commission blocks the third attempt of the London Stock Exchange and Deutsche Borse at a merger, citing the danger of a "de facto monopoly in the crucial area of fixed income instruments". 

Competition regulator says £21bn deal would create a ‘de facto monopoly’


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/business/2017/mar/29/london-stock-exchange-deutsche-borse-merger-blocked-ec)
1. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/914b7cd7577681eb1688f5bd24241ceee73fb9e1/0_88_3000_1800/master/3000.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=380dfa7dbbc61c962330afe755d676f1)

### Related:

1. [ German financial company Deutsche Borse withdraws its takeover of the London Stock Exchange ](/news/2005/03/7/german-financial-company-deutsche-baprse-withdraws-its-takeover-of-the-london-stock-exchange.md) _Context: Deutsche Borse, London Stock Exchange_
2. [President of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, holds his annual State of the European Union speech in Strasbourg. ](/news/2017/09/13/president-of-the-european-commission-jean-claude-juncker-holds-his-annual-state-of-the-european-union-speech-in-strasbourg.md) _Context: European Commission_
3. [Polish President Andrzej Duda announces he will veto two judicial reform bills passed by Poland's parliament, which the European Commission said would result in sanctions, and which have generated continuous demonstrations across the country. The ruling Law and Justice Party needs to put together a three-fifths majority to override the veto. ](/news/2017/07/24/polish-president-andrzej-duda-announces-he-will-veto-two-judicial-reform-bills-passed-by-poland-s-parliament-which-the-european-commission.md) _Context: European Commission_
4. [The European Commission imposes a record EUR2.42bn antitrust fine on internet giant Google for allegedly manipulating its search engine results. ](/news/2017/06/27/the-european-commission-imposes-a-record-a-2-42bn-antitrust-fine-on-internet-giant-google-for-allegedly-manipulating-its-search-engine-resu.md) _Context: European Commission_
5. [The closely-watched CEVIPOF poll shows Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen clinging to a narrow lead heading into the first stage of the election, with Le Pen recently becoming embroiled in a spat with the European Commission after refusing to appear on TF1 while there remained a Flag of Europe in the background. ](/news/2017/04/19/the-closely-watched-cevipof-poll-shows-emmanuel-macron-and-marine-le-pen-clinging-to-a-narrow-lead-heading-into-the-first-stage-of-the-elect.md) _Context: European Commission_
6. [The European Commission, based on the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe report, calls on Turkey to launch an investigation into allegations of referendum voting irregularities. ](/news/2017/04/18/the-european-commission-based-on-the-organization-for-security-and-co-operation-in-europe-report-calls-on-turkey-to-launch-an-investigatio.md) _Context: European Commission_
7. [The European Union's 28 member states formally accept Bosnia and Herzegovina's membership application. The European Commission (EC) will now determine whether Bosnia meets the criteria to join the union, a process that is expected to take a year. ](/news/2016/09/20/the-european-union-s-28-member-states-formally-accept-bosnia-and-herzegovina-s-membership-application-the-european-commission-ec-will-now.md) _Context: European Commission_
8. [The French government calls on former European Commission chief Jose Manuel Barroso not to take a job with investment bank Goldman Sachs, after some EU politicians demanded Barroso be sanctioned for accepting the new position that raises questions about the EU's conflict of interest rules. ](/news/2016/07/14/the-french-government-calls-on-former-european-commission-chief-josa-c-manuel-barroso-not-to-take-a-job-with-investment-bank-goldman-sachs-a.md) _Context: European Commission_
9. [The British pound and FTSE 100 Index for the London Stock Exchange both fall in trading as early results from the United Kingdom European Union membership referendum show a stronger than expected result for Leave. ](/news/2016/06/24/the-british-pound-and-ftse-100-index-for-the-london-stock-exchange-both-fall-in-trading-as-early-results-from-the-united-kingdom-european-un.md) _Context: London Stock Exchange_
10. [European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker warns the British voters, saying that there would be no re-negotiations with Britain whatever outcome of its membership referendum. ](/news/2016/06/22/european-commission-president-jean-claude-juncker-warns-the-british-voters-saying-that-there-would-be-no-re-negotiations-with-britain-whate.md) _Context: European Commission_
