### [2017-03-29](/news/2017/03/29/index.md)

# Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim announces an end to the operation Euphrates Shield, which was part of international military operations against ISIL. He adds: "Any operation following this one will have a different name." 

Turkey&#39;s prime minister has announced an end to the operation known as &quot;Euphrates Shield.&quot; The offensive was launched last summer as part of the fight against the so-called &quot;Islamic State.&quot;


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/03/turkey-ends-euphrates-shield-operation-syria-170329211428970.html)
2. [Deutsche Welle](http://www.dw.com/en/turkey-announces-end-to-military-operation-in-syria/a-38199606)
2. [Cover Image](http://www.dw.com/image/37384897_304.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Binali Yildirim_
2. [The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria-following-russia-s-threat-that-it-would-treat-any-ai.md) _Context: Military intervention against ISIL_
3. [An Iraqi airstrike near Al Qaim, Anbar province, Iraq, kills Ayad al-Jumaili, believed to be ISIL's second-in-command. ](/news/2017/04/1/an-iraqi-airstrike-near-al-qaim-anbar-province-iraq-kills-ayad-al-jumaili-believed-to-be-isil-s-second-in-command.md) _Context: Military intervention against ISIL_
4. [CJTFOIR deploys U.S. forces near Manbij to "reassure Coalition" members and to "deter aggression." This comes days after the U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces' Manbij Military Council agreed to hand over territory west of Manbij to the Syrian Army to create a buffer zone between the SDF and Turkish-backed rebels. ](/news/2017/03/4/cjtfoir-deploys-u-s-forces-near-manbij-to-reassure-coalition-members-and-to-deter-aggression-this-comes-days-after-the-u-s-backed-syr.md) _Context: operation Euphrates Shield_
5. [Denmark's government announces it will be withdrawing its seven F-16 fighter jets from military operations against ISIL in Iraq and Syria from mid-December. ](/news/2016/12/2/denmark-s-government-announces-it-will-be-withdrawing-its-seven-f-16-fighter-jets-from-military-operations-against-isil-in-iraq-and-syria-fr.md) _Context: Military intervention against ISIL_
6. [ A U.S. airstrike in Al-Raqqah, Syria, kills four ISIL leaders, two of which were confirmed to have roles in the November 2015 Paris Attacks. ](/news/2016/12/14/a-u-s-airstrike-in-al-raqqah-syria-kills-four-isil-leaders-two-of-which-were-confirmed-to-have-roles-in-the-november-2015-paris-attacks.md) _Context: Military intervention against ISIL_
7. [Three Turkish Army soldiers are killed and 10 others wounded in an attack in Syria's al-Bab District; however, there are conflicting reports on who carried out the attack. The Turkish military says the soldiers were targeted in a airstrike by a Syrian warplane, while the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports an ISIL suicide bomber was responsible. ](/news/2016/11/24/three-turkish-army-soldiers-are-killed-and-10-others-wounded-in-an-attack-in-syria-s-al-bab-district-however-there-are-conflicting-reports.md) _Context: operation Euphrates Shield_
8. [A Turkish Army soldier is killed and two others injured in an ISIL bombing near the Syrian city of al-Bab. ](/news/2016/11/20/a-turkish-army-soldier-is-killed-and-two-others-injured-in-an-isil-bombing-near-the-syrian-city-of-al-bab.md) _Context: operation Euphrates Shield_
9. [France conducts airstrikes against ISIL positions in Iraq from the French aircraft carrier "Charles de Gaulle". ](/news/2016/09/30/france-conducts-airstrikes-against-isil-positions-in-iraq-from-the-french-aircraft-carrier-charles-de-gaulle.md) _Context: Military intervention against ISIL_
10. [The United Nations reports that ISIL appears to have captured up to 3,000 fleeing Iraqi villagers from Hawija District headed to Kirkuk city. Militants reportedly executed 12 people. Earlier, the Iraqi Observatory for Human Rights said ISIL is using people for human shields against attacks by Iraqi security forces. ](/news/2016/08/5/the-united-nations-reports-that-isil-appears-to-have-captured-up-to-3-000-fleeing-iraqi-villagers-from-hawija-district-headed-to-kirkuk-city.md) _Context: Military intervention against ISIL_
