### [2016-09-18](/news/2016/09/18/index.md)

# Voters head to the polls in Berlin, Germany, to elect members to the Abgeordnetenhaus of Berlin. Latest polling indicates the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD) are expected to make strong gains. 

Berliners will go to the polls on Sunday to vote in a state parliamentary election that could deal another blow to Chancellor Angela Merkel’s Christian Democrats.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-germany-election-idUKKCN11N0V9)
2. [Sputnik News](https://sputniknews.com/europe/20160918/1045421592/berlin-parliamentary-election.html)
2. [Cover Image](https://cdn3.img.sputniknews.com/images/103295/49/1032954904.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility via Amaq News Agency for the truck attack in Berlin, Germany, which left at least 12 people dead and 49 injured. ](/news/2016/12/20/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-via-amaq-news-agency-for-the-truck-attack-in-berlin-germany-which-left-at-l.md) _Context: Berlin, Germany_
2. [Twelve are killed and more than 50 others are injured as a truck rams into a packed Christmas market in Breitscheidplatz, Berlin, Germany. A suspect has been arrested in connection with the attack. ](/news/2016/12/19/twelve-are-killed-and-more-than-50-others-are-injured-as-a-truck-rams-into-a-packed-christmas-market-in-breitscheidplatz-berlin-germany-a.md) _Context: Berlin, Germany_
3. [Voters in the federal German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern head to the polls in a regional election to elect members to the Landtag of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern. The latest polling indicates the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD) are expected to gain strongly. ](/news/2016/09/4/voters-in-the-federal-german-state-of-mecklenburg-vorpommern-head-to-the-polls-in-a-regional-election-to-elect-members-to-the-landtag-of-mec.md) _Context: Alternative for Germany, Germany_
4. [Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-berlin-to-discuss-the-consequences-of-the-united-kin.md) _Context: Berlin, Germany_
5. [Police in Stuttgart, Germany, arrest at least 400 left-wing demonstrators after they attempted to stop a conference by the Alternative for Germany from being held. The protest grew violent when they began to throw stones and use fireworks against the police. ](/news/2016/04/30/police-in-stuttgart-germany-arrest-at-least-400-left-wing-demonstrators-after-they-attempted-to-stop-a-conference-by-the-alternative-for-g.md) _Context: Alternative for Germany, Germany_
6. [During a rally in support of German comedian Jan Bohmermann, outside the Turkish embassy in Berlin, Bruno Kramm, head of the Berlin branch of Germany's Pirate Party, is arrested for "insulting a representative of a foreign state" by quoting a line from the comic's satirical poem about Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. ](/news/2016/04/23/during-a-rally-in-support-of-german-comedian-jan-baphmermann-outside-the-turkish-embassy-in-berlin-bruno-kramm-head-of-the-berlin-branch.md) _Context: Berlin, Germany_
7. [Regional elections take place in the German states of Baden-Wurttemberg, Rhineland-Palatinate and Saxony-Anhalt with the governing Christian Democratic Union performing poorly, the centre-left Social Democratic Party of Germany winning in Rhineland-Palatinate, and the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany performing well in all three states. ](/news/2016/03/13/regional-elections-take-place-in-the-german-states-of-baden-wa1-4rttemberg-rhineland-palatinate-and-saxony-anhalt-with-the-governing-christia.md) _Context: Alternative for Germany, Germany_
8. [Germany expels the Berlin station chief of the United States Central Intelligence Agency following a series of spy scandals. ](/news/2014/07/10/germany-expels-the-berlin-station-chief-of-the-united-states-central-intelligence-agency-following-a-series-of-spy-scandals.md) _Context: Berlin, Germany_
9. [Berlin city-state officials says that a police investigation has traced vehicles stolen in recent years in Germany to Tajikistan, some 3,500 miles away. German authorities alleged that relatives and other people close to Tajikistan's president are driving stolen luxury cars from Germany, as a long-running criminal probe escalated into a diplomatic spat between two countries. ](/news/2013/12/19/berlin-city-state-officials-says-that-a-police-investigation-has-traced-vehicles-stolen-in-recent-years-in-germany-to-tajikistan-some-3-500.md) _Context: Berlin, Germany_
10. [British Prime Minister David Cameron travels to Berlin to discuss his demands for sweeping reform of the European Union with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. ](/news/2013/04/12/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-travels-to-berlin-to-discuss-his-demands-for-sweeping-reform-of-the-european-union-with-german-chancell.md) _Context: Berlin, Germany_
