### [2017-04-12](/news/2017/04/12/index.md)

# Former Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad registers to run in next month's election for a non-consecutive third term, according to state media. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](https://www.rferl.org/a/ahmadinejad-registers-iranian-president/28425030.html)

### Related:

1. [Former President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad declines to run for a third term in the upcoming election. Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has previously advised Ahmadinejad to not seek the presidency next year. ](/news/2016/09/27/former-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-declines-to-run-for-a-third-term-in-the-upcoming-election-ayatollah-ali-khamenei-has-previously-advise.md) _Context: Iranian presidential election, 2017, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President_
2. [Former Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad faces sentences on seven verdicts of misusing billions of dollars in government funds while in office, the  Supreme Audit Court public prosecutor said. If confirmed, Ahmadinejad will be barred from public office for seven years. ](/news/2017/07/30/former-iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-faces-sentences-on-seven-verdicts-of-misusing-billions-of-dollars-in-government-funds-while-in.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President_
3. [Incumbent President Hassan Rouhani is re-elected with 23.5 million votes, defeating Ebrahim Raisi who received 15.7 million votes. ](/news/2017/05/20/incumbent-president-hassan-rouhani-is-re-elected-with-23-5-million-votes-defeating-ebrahim-raisi-who-received-15-7-million-votes.md) _Context: Iranian presidential election, 2017, President_
4. [Voters in Iran go to the polls to elect the President of Iran. Final opinion polls continue to predict that the incumbent Hassan Rouhani of the Moderation and Development Party will receive a majority of votes, with the conservative Combatant Clergy Association's Ebrahim Raisi as his main competition. ](/news/2017/05/19/voters-in-iran-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-the-president-of-iran-final-opinion-polls-continue-to-predict-that-the-incumbent-hassan-rouhani-of.md) _Context: Iranian presidential election, 2017, President_
5. [Candidates debate on live television with the rivals of frontrunner and current president, Hassan Rouhani, taking aim at his economic policies. ](/news/2017/05/12/candidates-debate-on-live-television-with-the-rivals-of-frontrunner-and-current-president-hassan-rouhani-taking-aim-at-his-economic-polici.md) _Context: Iranian presidential election, 2017, President_
6. [Guardian Council announces names of six final candidates. Incumbent President Hassan Rouhani, chairman of Astan Quds Razavi Ebrahim Raisi and Tehran Mayor Mohammad Bagher Ghalibaf is among the list. More than 1,600 nominees were disqualified, including all 137 female candidates and former president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. ](/news/2017/04/20/guardian-council-announces-names-of-six-final-candidates-incumbent-president-hassan-rouhani-chairman-of-astan-quds-razavi-ebrahim-raisi-an.md) _Context: Iranian presidential election, 2017, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
7. [Iran's former nuclear negotiator Hassan Rouhani enters the race to succeed President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, accusing the incumbent of needlessly incurring crippling economic sanctions. ](/news/2013/04/12/iran-s-former-nuclear-negotiator-hassan-rouhani-enters-the-race-to-succeed-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-accusing-the-incumbent-of-needless.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President_
8. [Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad travels to Egypt. It is the first time since 1979 revolution that an Iranian head of state visits that country. ](/news/2013/02/5/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-travels-to-egypt-it-is-the-first-time-since-1979-revolution-that-an-iranian-head-of-state-visits-that.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President_
9. [The President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad announces his desire of becoming the first Iranian astronaut after the successful launching and returning of a monkey sent by its national scientific space program. ](/news/2013/02/4/the-president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-announces-his-desire-of-becoming-the-first-iranian-astronaut-after-the-successful-launching-and-re.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President_
10. [Marzieh Vahid-Dastjerdi, the only female minister ever appointed in the Islamic Republic of Iran, is sacked after a dispute with President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. ](/news/2012/12/27/marzieh-vahid-dastjerdi-the-only-female-minister-ever-appointed-in-the-islamic-republic-of-iran-is-sacked-after-a-dispute-with-president-o.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President_
