### [2005-10-10](/news/2005/10/10/index.md)

#  Following the German federal election, 2005, Christian Democrat Angela Merkel will become the next Chancellor of Germany, replacing Social Democrat Gerhard Schroder, although Schroder's party will be the dominant party in the grand coalition.

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4325600.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=2005-10-10T114504Z_01_KRA983130_RTRUKOC_0_US-GERMANY.xml)

### Related:

1. [ After two months of negotiations, Angela Merkel is elected the first female Chancellor of Germany by a coalition of the CDU/CSU and SPD delegates in the Bundestag. ](/news/2005/11/22/after-two-months-of-negotiations-angela-merkel-is-elected-the-first-female-chancellor-of-germany-by-a-coalition-of-the-cdu-csu-and-spd-del.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Chancellor, grand coalition_
2. [ German Chancellor Gerhard Schroder informs that he won't play a role in the Merkel grand coalition cabinet. He criticizes the United States for its response to Hurricane Katrina and "Anglo-Saxon economic policies," while stressing the importance of Franco-Germanic ties. ](/news/2005/10/12/german-chancellor-gerhard-schrapder-informs-that-he-won-t-play-a-role-in-the-merkel-grand-coalition-cabinet-he-criticizes-the-united-state.md) _Context: Chancellor, Gerhard Schroder, grand coalition_
3. [ Angela Merkel is elected by the CDU/CSU as candidate to become Chancellor of Germany in the upcoming German federal election, 2005. ](/news/2005/05/30/angela-merkel-is-elected-by-the-cdu-csu-as-candidate-to-become-chancellor-of-germany-in-the-upcoming-german-federal-election-2005.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Chancellor, German federal election, 2005_
4. [ Late 2000s recession:: German Chancellor Angela Merkel announces a -50-billion economic stimulus package. ](/news/2009/01/13/late-2000s-recession-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-announces-a-50-billion-economic-stimulus-package.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Chancellor_
5. [ President George W. Bush says that he wants to solve the Iran issue peacefully but "all options are on the table" in a joint media conference with the Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel. ](/news/2008/06/11/president-george-w-bush-says-that-he-wants-to-solve-the-iran-issue-peacefully-but-all-options-are-on-the-table-in-a-joint-media-conferen.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Chancellor_
6. [ In an address to the Israeli Knesset, German Chancellor Angela Merkel says "Germany will always stand by the Jewish state." ](/news/2008/03/18/in-an-address-to-the-israeli-knesset-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-says-germany-will-always-stand-by-the-jewish-state.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Chancellor_
7. [ German Chancellor Angela Merkel and half of her cabinet visit Israel in a move to upgrade bilateral relations ](/news/2008/03/17/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-and-half-of-her-cabinet-visit-israel-in-a-move-to-upgrade-bilateral-relations.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Chancellor_
8. [ "Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:": Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions.: Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister.: Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.: Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy.: Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government.: Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-parl.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Chancellor_
9. [ Angela Merkel, the Chancellor of Germany, holds talks with Vladimir Putin, the President of Russia over energy security issues. ](/news/2007/01/21/angela-merkel-the-chancellor-of-germany-holds-talks-with-vladimir-putin-the-president-of-russia-over-energy-security-issues.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Chancellor_
10. [ German Chancellor Angela Merkel states that Iran's response to the incentives by world powers aiming to persuade it to give up nuclear power is unsatisfactory. ](/news/2006/08/24/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-states-that-iran-s-response-to-the-incentives-by-world-powers-aiming-to-persuade-it-to-give-up-nuclear-powe.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Chancellor_
