### [2009-07-29](/news/2009/07/29/index.md)

#  An Internet blog belonging to a group calling itself "al-Qaeda Organisation Indonesia" claims responsibility for the July 17 Jakarta hotel bombings. 




### Source:

1. [IOL](http://www.int.iol.co.za/index.php?set_id=1&click_id=3&art_id=nw20090729114714380C233485)

### Related:

1. [Google announces that Project Loon - to provide wireless access to four billion unconnected people around the globe in rural and remote areas via Internet-beaming helium balloons in the stratosphere - will be tested in Indonesia in 2016. Currently, one in three Indonesians are connected to the web, mostly via slow connections, in this 17,508-island archipelago of over 250 million people (and about 319 million mobile phones). The company, which also tested Loon-delivered internet in Chile, New Mexico (U.S.), and Sri Lanka, hopes to deliver LTE-speed to more than 100 million unconnected Indonesians in five years. ](/news/2015/10/29/google-announces-that-project-loon-a-to-provide-wireless-access-to-four-billion-unconnected-people-around-the-globe-in-rural-and-remote-ar.md) _Context: Indonesia, Internet_
2. [Indonesian publisher and blogger, the "Prince of Jihad", is imprisoned for five years after being convicted of concealing information about suicide attacks on two hotels in Jakarta. ](/news/2010/06/29/indonesian-publisher-and-blogger-the-prince-of-jihad-is-imprisoned-for-five-years-after-being-convicted-of-concealing-information-about.md) _Context: Indonesia, suicide attacks on two hotels_
3. [ Indonesian police confirm the death of their most wanted man, Noordin Mohammed Top, who was suspected of involvement in the 2009 Jakarta bombings and the Bali bombings in 2002. ](/news/2009/09/17/indonesian-police-confirm-the-death-of-their-most-wanted-man-noordin-mohammed-top-who-was-suspected-of-involvement-in-the-2009-jakarta-bo.md) _Context: Indonesia, suicide attacks on two hotels_
4. [ Bombings at the Marriott and Ritz-Carlton Hotels in Jakarta, Indonesia, kill at least nine people and injure at least 50 others. ](/news/2009/07/17/bombings-at-the-marriott-and-ritz-carlton-hotels-in-jakarta-indonesia-kill-at-least-nine-people-and-injure-at-least-50-others.md) _Context: Indonesia, suicide attacks on two hotels_
5. [ Al-Qaeda leader Osama bin laden leaves an audio message on the Internet vowing to continue the fight against Israel. ](/news/2008/05/16/al-qaeda-leader-osama-bin-laden-leaves-an-audio-message-on-the-internet-vowing-to-continue-the-fight-against-israel.md) _Context: Internet, al-Qaeda_
6. [ Burma restores some Internet access but continues to deny access to foreign news services such as the BBC and CNN, blogs and dissident sites. ](/news/2007/10/14/burma-restores-some-internet-access-but-continues-to-deny-access-to-foreign-news-services-such-as-the-bbc-and-cnn-blogs-and-dissident-site.md) _Context: Internet, blog_
7. [ A car bomb explodes outside the Australian embassy in Jakarta, Indonesia, killing 9 people (according to the BBC) and wounding 180. Jemaah Islamiyah, the Southeast Asian terrorist group connected with Al Qaeda, is believed responsible. ](/news/2004/09/9/a-car-bomb-explodes-outside-the-australian-embassy-in-jakarta-indonesia-killing-9-people-according-to-the-bbc-and-wounding-180-jemaah.md) _Context: Indonesia, al-Qaeda_
8. [ 2002 Bali bombings: A car-bomb on the Indonesian island of Bali explodes outside a nightclub killing at least 182 people, 75% of whom are said to have been foreign holidaymakers. Another 210 people are said to have been injured. The principal suspects for this terrorist incident are a group seeking to establish an Islamic state in Indonesia, Jemaah Islamiyah, although it could equally be the work of al-Qaeda. Another bomb explodes at around the same time in the nearby town of Denpasar, Bali. It had been said to be an attack on Australian holidaymakers due to its role in the liberation of East Timor.](/news/2002/10/12/2002-bali-bombings-a-car-bomb-on-the-indonesian-island-of-bali-explodes-outside-a-nightclub-killing-at-least-182-people-75-of-whom-are-s.md) _Context: Indonesia, al-Qaeda_
9. [More than 134,000 people on the island of Bali, Indonesia, have been taken to shelters as the Mount Agung volcano continues to release smoke. The alert level for an eruption has been raised to the second highest level, 4. In addition, the entire population of Vanuatu's Aoba Island, also at alert level 4, is being moved from the path of the increasingly active Lombenben volcano. ](/news/2017/09/28/more-than-134-000-people-on-the-island-of-bali-indonesia-have-been-taken-to-shelters-as-the-mount-agung-volcano-continues-to-release-smoke.md) _Context: Indonesia_
10. [Thousands of people on the Indonesian island of Bali flee from their homes due to concerns over Mount Agung erupting. The alert status for the volcano was increased to the highest level possible yesterday. ](/news/2017/09/23/thousands-of-people-on-the-indonesian-island-of-bali-flee-from-their-homes-due-to-concerns-over-mount-agung-erupting-the-alert-status-for-t.md) _Context: Indonesia_
