### [2009-07-29](/news/2009/07/29/index.md)

#  Venezuela "freezes" diplomatic relations with Colombia, after a dispute over Swedish weapons bought by Venezuela were allegedly found on FARC rebels. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/8173709.stm)
2. [Colombia Reports](http://colombiareports.com/colombia-news/news/5201-chavez-withdraws-ambassador-from-colombia.html)
3. [El Universal](http://english.eluniversal.com/2009/07/28/en_pol_esp_chavez-freezes-dip_28A2554203.shtml)

### Related:

1. [ 2008 Andean diplomatic crisis: Interpol confirms that Colombia did not tamper with computer files in hardware seized from Raul Reyes. This alleged that Venezuela and Ecuador provided funding, assistance and drug routes to the terrorist group Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia. However, Interpol stated that they had not looked at the content of the files, only their authenticity. ](/news/2008/05/15/2008-andean-diplomatic-crisis-interpol-confirms-that-colombia-did-not-tamper-with-computer-files-in-hardware-seized-from-raul-reyes-this.md) _Context: Colombia, Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, Venezuela_
2. [ South American diplomatic crisis: President Hugo Chvez orders the closure of the Venezuelan embassy in Colombia and moves ten battalions to the Colombian-Venezuelan border in response to the killing of FARC leader Ral Reyes in Ecuador by Colombian armed forces the previous day. Rafael Correa, the President of Ecuador, orders troops to the Colombian border. The Colombian government accuses Correa of having "a relationship and commitments" with FARC. ](/news/2008/03/2/south-american-diplomatic-crisis-president-hugo-chavez-orders-the-closure-of-the-venezuelan-embassy-in-colombia-and-moves-ten-battalions-t.md) _Context: Colombia, Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, Venezuela_
3. [ Venezuela promises to investigate claims that Rodrigo Granda, a prominent member of the Colombian rebel group FARC, was captured from Caracas instead of from inside Colombia. Granda was arrested December 13, 2004. ](/news/2005/01/5/venezuela-promises-to-investigate-claims-that-rodrigo-granda-a-prominent-member-of-the-colombian-rebel-group-farc-was-captured-from-carac.md) _Context: Colombia, Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, Venezuela_
4. [ Venezuela has rejected the suggestion of Colombia to hold a regional summit to resolve the dispute over the capture of FARC leader Rodrigo Granda. Hugo Chvez states that he is willing to discuss the matter personally with lvaro Uribe. ](/news/2005/01/17/venezuela-has-rejected-the-suggestion-of-colombia-to-hold-a-regional-summit-to-resolve-the-dispute-over-the-capture-of-farc-leader-rodrigo.md) _Context: Colombia, Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, Venezuela_
5. [ Venezuelan President Hugo Chvez says he is convinced that Colombian police captured FARC leader Rodrigo Granda in Venezuela, contrary to their claims that he was arrested in the Colombian border town of Ccuta. ](/news/2005/01/10/venezuelan-president-hugo-chavez-says-he-is-convinced-that-colombian-police-captured-farc-leader-rodrigo-granda-in-venezuela-contrary-to-t.md) _Context: Colombia, Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, Venezuela_
6. [Colombia-Venezuela relations: Censorship in Venezuela: Venezuela's National Commission of Telecommunications (Conatel) takes Colombian television channels Caracol Television and RCN Television off air due to their coverage of the 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. ](/news/2017/08/24/colombia-venezuela-relations-censorship-in-venezuela-venezuela-s-national-commission-of-telecommunications-conatel-takes-colombian-tel.md) _Context: Colombia, Venezuela_
7. [2014-17 Venezuelan protests: Venezuelan authorities report 12 people were killed overnight in the capital Caracas, mostly in the El Valle working class neighborhood where 54 people, including newborn babies, were forced to evacuate a maternity hospital. Others have fled to Colombia. This death toll during the three weeks of anti-government protests is 20. ](/news/2017/04/21/2014-17-venezuelan-protests-venezuelan-authorities-report-12-people-were-killed-overnight-in-the-capital-caracas-mostly-in-the-el-valle.md) _Context: Colombia, Venezuela_
8. [United Nations Security Council election, 2016: Bolivia, Ethiopia, Italy, Kazakhstan, and Sweden begin their terms on the United Nations Security Council, replacing Angola, Malaysia, New Zealand, Spain, and Venezuela. ](/news/2017/01/1/united-nations-security-council-election-2016-bolivia-ethiopia-italy-kazakhstan-and-sweden-begin-their-terms-on-the-united-nations-sec.md) _Context: Sweden, Venezuela_
9. [A Venezuelan Air Force Sukhoi Su-30MKK crashes near the Colombian border after an illicit aircraft, probably linked to illicit drugs, enters Venezuelan airspace. ](/news/2015/09/18/a-venezuelan-air-force-sukhoi-su-30mkk-crashes-near-the-colombian-border-after-an-illicit-aircraft-probably-linked-to-illicit-drugs-enters.md) _Context: Colombia, Venezuela_
10. [Colombia accuses Venezuela of violating its airspace for the second time in two days. ](/news/2015/09/14/colombia-accuses-venezuela-of-violating-its-airspace-for-the-second-time-in-two-days.md) _Context: Colombia, Venezuela_
