### [2011-03-28](/news/2011/03/28/index.md)

# The International Atomic Energy Agency calls a summit in Vienna to tackle concerns about nuclear safety following the Fukushima crisis. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/03/28/us-japan-nuclear-amano-idUSTRE72R4E320110328)

### Related:

1. [Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster:The Government of Japan submits a report to the International Atomic Energy Agency calling for revision of nuclear reactor design standards in the wake of the disaster.](/news/2011/06/9/fukushima-daiichi-nuclear-disaster-pthe-government-of-japan-submits-a-report-to-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-calling-for-revision.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, International Atomic Energy Agency_
2. [The 54th International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) General Conference opens in Vienna with attendance by 151 countries. ](/news/2010/09/20/the-54th-international-atomic-energy-agency-iaea-general-conference-opens-in-vienna-with-attendance-by-151-countries.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, Vienna_
3. [Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs Manouchehr Mottaki meets the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) in Vienna and says Iran remains interested in a nuclear fuel swap drafted by the United Nations. ](/news/2010/04/25/iranian-minister-for-foreign-affairs-manouchehr-mottaki-meets-the-head-of-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-iaea-in-vienna-and-says-i.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, Vienna_
4. [According to Tokyo Electric Power Company, radiations levels within one of the reactors of Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, damaged by an earthquake and tsunami in 2011, are at its highest level since experiencing a meltdown, with a reading of 530 sieverts an hour. ](/news/2017/02/3/according-to-tokyo-electric-power-company-radiations-levels-within-one-of-the-reactors-of-fukushima-daiichi-nuclear-power-plant-damaged-by.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster_
5. [Saudi Arabia tells its partners in the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries that it will not attend a planned November 28 meeting in Vienna, out of unhappiness about intransigence from Iraq and Iran with regard to production cuts. ](/news/2016/11/25/saudi-arabia-tells-its-partners-in-the-organization-of-petroleum-exporting-countries-that-it-will-not-attend-a-planned-november-28-meeting-i.md) _Context: Vienna_
6. [Chief Syrian opposition negotiator of the High Negotiations Committee Mohammed Allush resigns over the failure of the UN-backed peace talks. Allush said that without any of the opposition demands met, peace talks were a "waste of time". In April, the HNC suspended talks with the Syrian government's delegation in Vienna. ](/news/2016/05/30/chief-syrian-opposition-negotiator-of-the-high-negotiations-committee-mohammed-allush-resigns-over-the-failure-of-the-un-backed-peace-talks.md) _Context: Vienna_
7. [Japan's emperor and prime minister attend a memorial service marking the fifth anniversary of the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami in which 15,894 people died and caused the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster.  Many people remain displaced and recovery efforts are ongoing. ](/news/2016/03/11/japanas-emperor-and-prime-minister-attend-a-memorial-service-marking-the-fifth-anniversary-of-the-2011-tahoku-earthquake-and-tsunami-in-w.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster_
8. [The International Atomic Energy Agency states that Iran has complied with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, paving the way for international sanctions to be lifted by the United States and European Union. ](/news/2016/01/16/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-states-that-iran-has-complied-with-its-commitments-under-the-joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-pavi.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency_
9. [Russia's envoy to the International Atomic Energy Agency says he expects the historic nuclear deal between Iran and world powers, the P5+1, to be implemented in January. Before the end of the year, Iran will exchange its stockpile of low-enriched uranium for Russia's non-enriched forms of uranium, he said. ](/news/2015/12/7/russia-s-envoy-to-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-says-he-expects-the-historic-nuclear-deal-between-iran-and-world-powers-the-p5-1.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency_
10. [Eleven tons of enriched uranium are on a ship heading from Iran to Russia, per the July 14th international agreement. Iran delivers 200 tons of Russian yellowcake in return. The International Atomic Energy Agency will decide when Tehran has complied with its obligations which would make dismantling of economic sanctions possible.  ](/news/2015/12/28/eleven-tons-of-enriched-uranium-are-on-a-ship-heading-from-iran-to-russia-per-the-july-14th-international-agreement-iran-delivers-200-tons.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency_
