### [2011-08-11](/news/2011/08/11/index.md)

# The Parliament of the United Kingdom comes back from its summer break to debate the 2011 England riots. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via ''Sydney Morning Herald](http://news.smh.com.au/breaking-news-world/uk-pm-vows-fightback-birmingham-simmers-20110811-1in72.html)

### Related:

1. [United Kingdom-United States relations. The Trump Administration announces this year's presidential state visit to the United Kingdom is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting. ](/news/2017/07/11/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-is-d.md) _Context: Parliament_
2. [United Kingdom-United States relations. A petition, launched Sunday to cancel U.S. President Donald Trump's state visit to the United Kingdom later this year, tops 1 million signatures, passing the threshold for British Parliament debate. A British government spokesman says the state visit is going ahead as planned. ](/news/2017/01/30/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-a-petition-launched-sunday-to-cancel-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-state-visit-to-the-united-king.md) _Context: Parliament_
3. [R (Miller) v Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union. The Supreme Court of the United Kingdom rules that the Government of the United Kingdom may not begin the formal Brexit process until Parliament votes in approval of the move. ](/news/2017/01/24/r-miller-v-secretary-of-state-for-exiting-the-european-union-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-kingdom-rules-that-the-government-of-the-uni.md) _Context: Parliament_
4. [Brexit aftermath. The High Court rules that Parliament must vote on whether the United Kingdom can start the process of leaving the European Union by triggering Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. ](/news/2016/11/3/brexit-aftermath-the-high-court-rules-that-parliament-must-vote-on-whether-the-united-kingdom-can-start-the-process-of-leaving-the-european.md) _Context: Parliament_
5. [Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016. Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-uk-leadership-election-2016-conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leade.md) _Context: Parliament_
6. [United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016. A petition calling for a second EU referendum has topped two million signatures - more than doubling the highest signed in UK parliamentary history. ](/news/2016/06/25/united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-a-petition-calling-for-a-second-eu-referendum-has-topped-two-million-signatures.md) _Context: Parliament_
7. [Thousands, including some from Australia, protest in London, England, against the renewal of the United Kingdom's Trident nuclear deterrent system, the largest anti-nuclear rally since 1983. Leader of the Labour Party Jeremy Corbyn, Scottish National Party leader and First Minister of Scotland Nicola Sturgeon, the Welsh Plaid Cymru Party, and the Green Party participated in the march. A parliamentary vote on renewing Trident is expected this year. ](/news/2016/02/27/thousands-including-some-from-australia-protest-in-london-england-against-the-renewal-of-the-united-kingdom-s-trident-nuclear-deterrent.md) _Context: Parliament_
8. [United States presidential election, 2016. On January 18, 2016, the British Parliament will debate a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the United Kingdom because of 'hate speech' that is unacceptable behavior, non-conducive to the public good. The conclusion reached by the lawmakers will not be binding on the UK government. ](/news/2016/01/5/united-states-presidential-election-2016-on-january-18-2016-the-british-parliament-will-debate-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-p.md) _Context: Parliament_
9. [United States presidential election, 2016. The British Parliament debates a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban, because of 'hate speech,' United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the United Kingdom. Almost all of the 50 MPs (member of parliament), of the 650-member legislative body, present criticized Trump -- especially his comments on Muslims -- but few supported an entry ban. ](/news/2016/01/18/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-british-parliament-debates-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-ho.md) _Context: Parliament_
10. [Military intervention against ISIL. The Parliament of the United Kingdom votes 397&ndash;223 to authorize Royal Air Force air strikes on ISIL in Syria. ](/news/2015/12/2/military-intervention-against-isil-the-parliament-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-397-ndash-223-to-authorize-royal-air-force-air-strikes-on-isi.md) _Context: Parliament_
