### [2005-02-23](/news/2005/02/23/index.md)

#  Rasim Delic, former commander of the Bosnian army in Bosnia during the Yugoslav Wars, announces he will hand himself over to the UN Tribunal. He stands accused of war crimes against ethnic Serbs 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4289145.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://olympics.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=7705651)

### Related:

1. [Yugoslav Wars. Former Deputy Prime Minister of Serbia and nationalist politician, Vojislav Seselj, is acquitted of all nine charges of committing atrocities in Bosnia and Croatia during the early 1990s by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. ](/news/2016/03/31/yugoslav-wars-former-deputy-prime-minister-of-serbia-and-nationalist-politician-vojislav-a-ea-elj-is-acquitted-of-all-nine-charges-of-com.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Yugoslav Wars_
2. [ Croatian general Ante Gotovina, rated the third-most-wanted war criminal from the Yugoslav wars by the International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia, is arrested by Spanish police in Tenerife and extradited to face the tribunal in The Hague. ](/news/2005/12/8/croatian-general-ante-gotovina-rated-the-third-most-wanted-war-criminal-from-the-yugoslav-wars-by-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Yugoslav Wars, war crime_
3. [ Momcilo Perisic, former Yugoslavian army general, hands himself in to the United Nations war crimes tribunal in The Hague. He is charged with complicity of Serbian separatist war crimes in Bosnia and Croatia during the Yugoslav Wars. ](/news/2005/03/7/momailo-peria-ia-former-yugoslavian-army-general-hands-himself-in-to-the-united-nations-war-crimes-tribunal-in-the-hague-he-is-charged.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Yugoslav Wars, war crime_
4. [Judges at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia find former President of the Republika Srpska Radovan Karadzic guilty of committing genocide and crimes against humanity in Bosnia during the Bosnian War and is sentenced to 40 years in prison. Karadzic is found to be "criminally responsible" for the Srebrenica massacre. ](/news/2016/03/24/judges-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-find-former-president-of-the-republika-srpska-radovan-karada3-4ia-gui.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia_
5. [Former Bosnian official Jadranko Prlic is sentenced to 25 years in prison by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia for war crimes during the Yugoslav Wars. ](/news/2013/05/29/former-bosnian-official-jadranko-prlia-is-sentenced-to-25-years-in-prison-by-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Yugoslav Wars_
6. [The war crime convictions of Ante Gotovina and Mladen Markac are overturned by a war crimes tribunal in The Hague. The Croatian generals had been convicted and sentenced last year for atrocities against Serbs during the 1990's Yugoslav Wars. ](/news/2012/11/16/the-war-crime-convictions-of-ante-gotovina-and-mladen-markaa-are-overturned-by-a-war-crimes-tribunal-in-the-hague-the-croatian-generals-ha.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Yugoslav Wars_
7. [ The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia acquits former Serbian President Milan Milutinovic of committing war crimes. ](/news/2009/02/26/the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-acquits-former-serbian-president-milan-milutinovia-of-committing-war-crimes.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, war crime_
8. [ Former Bosnian Serb leader Radovan Karadzic refuses to enter pleas to charges including genocide and crimes against humanity at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia at the Hague. ](/news/2008/08/29/former-bosnian-serb-leader-radovan-karada3-4ia-refuses-to-enter-pleas-to-charges-including-genocide-and-crimes-against-humanity-at-the-inter.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, war crime_
9. [ Carla Del Ponte, the chief Yugoslav war crimes prosecutor, criticises Serbia for its failure to arrest former Bosnian Serb army chief, General Ratko Mladic as the war crime trials of seven Bosnian Serb military and paramilitary commanders continues. ](/news/2006/08/21/carla-del-ponte-the-chief-yugoslav-war-crimes-prosecutor-criticises-serbia-for-its-failure-to-arrest-former-bosnian-serb-army-chief-gene.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serb_
10. [ In Serbia a documentary film "The Truth" (Istina) made of footage filmed during the Yugoslav wars, and showing numerous war crimes committed against Serbs is introduced in the Sava Center in Belgrade, sparking public outrage. ](/news/2005/07/9/in-serbia-a-documentary-film-the-truth-istina-made-of-footage-filmed-during-the-yugoslav-wars-and-showing-numerous-war-crimes-committe.md) _Context: Yugoslav Wars, war crime_
