### [2015-03-12](/news/2015/03/12/index.md)

# Ferguson unrest. An unknown gunman shoots two policemen in front of the Ferguson city police headquarters in the U.S. state of Missouri. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/39ac3f9e632e435d97b58424e80448ef/st-louis-post-dispatch-2-officers-shot-ferguson)

### Related:

1. [Shooting of Michael Brown. Ferguson unrest. The Ferguson, Missouri, city council, after last month voting to change the terms of the agreement, reverses course and unanimously (6-0) agrees to accept a U.S. Justice Department overhaul of its troubled police force and municipal courts. This avoided a likely expensive legal battle with the federal government which had filed suit against the city following last month's vote. ](/news/2016/03/15/shooting-of-michael-brown-ferguson-unrest-the-ferguson-missouri-city-council-after-last-month-voting-to-change-the-terms-of-the-agreeme.md) _Context: Ferguson unrest, Ferguson, Missouri, police force_
2. [Ferguson unrest. A Missouri court strikes down parts of a law, meant to address concerns raised after the police shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, that limit cities' ability to profit from traffic tickets and court fines. The judge wrote the law unconstitutionally targeted St. Louis-area municipalities with caps on revenues from traffic fines that were lower than other cities in the state. ](/news/2016/03/28/ferguson-unrest-a-missouri-court-strikes-down-parts-of-a-law-meant-to-address-concerns-raised-after-the-police-shooting-of-michael-brown-i.md) _Context: Ferguson unrest, Ferguson, Missouri_
3. [Ferguson unrest. Tyrone Harris, Jr is shot in Ferguson, Missouri after allegedly firing shots at police. He is in a critical condition.](/news/2015/08/9/ferguson-unrest-tyrone-harris-jr-is-shot-in-ferguson-missouri-after-allegedly-firing-shots-at-police-he-is-in-a-critical-condition.md) _Context: Ferguson unrest, Ferguson, Missouri_
4. [Shooting of Michael Brown. 2014 Ferguson unrest. A grand jury in St. Louis County, Missouri decides not to indict police officer Darren Wilson in relation to the shooting of Michael Brown in the suburb of Ferguson. ](/news/2014/11/24/shooting-of-michael-brown-2014-ferguson-unrest-a-grand-jury-in-st-louis-county-missouri-decides-not-to-indict-police-officer-darren-wils.md) _Context: Ferguson, Missouri, Missouri_
5. [Death of Michael Brown:. The Governor of the US state of Missouri, Jay Nixon, dispatches the Missouri National Guard to the St. Louis suburb of Ferguson following a week of often violent protest after the shooting of Michael Brown. ](/news/2014/08/18/death-of-michael-brown-the-governor-of-the-us-state-of-missouri-jay-nixon-dispatches-the-missouri-national-guard-to-the-st-louis-suburb.md) _Context: Ferguson, Missouri, Missouri_
6. [Shooting of Michael Brown:. Governor Jay Nixon declares a state of emergency and curfew in the town of Ferguson, Missouri following nights of rioting. ](/news/2014/08/16/shooting-of-michael-brown-governor-jay-nixon-declares-a-state-of-emergency-and-curfew-in-the-town-of-ferguson-missouri-following-nights-o.md) _Context: Ferguson, Missouri, Missouri_
7. [Shooting of Michael Brown. Protests against the shooting of Michael Brown by the Ferguson Police Department in the US state of Missouri turn violent. ](/news/2014/08/13/shooting-of-michael-brown-protests-against-the-shooting-of-michael-brown-by-the-ferguson-police-department-in-the-us-state-of-missouri-turn.md) _Context: Missouri, police force_
8. [6 major U.S. tobacco companies, accused of delivering an "unreasonably dangerous" product, defeat a lawsuit taken by 37 hospitals in the U.S. state of Missouri. The hospitals were looking for financial assistance with the treatment of illnesses caused by smoking. ](/news/2011/04/30/6-major-u-s-tobacco-companies-accused-of-delivering-an-unreasonably-dangerous-product-defeat-a-lawsuit-taken-by-37-hospitals-in-the-u-s.md) _Context: Missouri, U.S. state_
9. [Presidency of Donald Trump. Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/presidency-of-donald-trump-numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-regist.md) _Context: U.S. state_
10. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017. Campaigning ends and voting begins in the suburbs of Atlanta in the U.S. state of Georgia between Republican Karen Handel and Democratic Jon Ossoff, where Republican Handel wins the election by a narrow margin. ](/news/2017/06/20/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-campaigning-ends-and-voting-begins-in-the-suburbs-of-atlanta-in-the-u-s-state.md) _Context: U.S. state_
