
Formats: [HTML](/news/2016/02/1/voters-in-iowa-go-to-democratic-and-republican-party-caucuses-in-the-first-formal-stage-of-the-u-s-elections-https-www-yahoo-com-politi.html)  [JSON](/news/2016/02/1/voters-in-iowa-go-to-democratic-and-republican-party-caucuses-in-the-first-formal-stage-of-the-u-s-elections-https-www-yahoo-com-politi.json)  [XML](/news/2016/02/1/voters-in-iowa-go-to-democratic-and-republican-party-caucuses-in-the-first-formal-stage-of-the-u-s-elections-https-www-yahoo-com-politi.xml)  

### [2016-02-1](/news/2016/02/1/index.md)

##### United States presidential election in Iowa, 2016
# Voters in Iowa go to Democratic and Republican Party caucuses in the first formal stage of the U.S. elections. [https:--www.yahoo.com-politics-iowa-on-our-minds-as-the-campaign-nears-its-063213666.html (Yahoo! politics)]Hillary Clinton narrowly wins the Democratic caucus; this makes her the first woman to win an Iowa caucus. [http:--thehill.com-blogs-ballot-box-presidential-races-bernie-sanders-iowa-results-gain-error-recount-hillary-clinton (The Hill)] [http:--whotv.com-2016-02-01-iowans-could-witness-history-once-again-in-2016- (Who TV)]Ted Cruz wins the Republican caucus; this makes him the first Hispanic person to win an Iowa caucus. [http:--edition.cnn.com-2016-02-01-politics-iowa-caucuses-updates-real-time-index.html (CNN)] [http:--latino.foxnews.com-latino-politics-2016-02-01-iowans-to-choose-trump-aggressiveness-cruz-conservatism-or-rubio-moderation- Fox News Latino]Republican candidate Mike Huckabee suspends his campaign. [http:--abcnews.go.com-Politics-mike-huckabee-suspends-2016-presidential-race-story?id=36654628 (ABC Go)] [http:--edition.cnn.com-2016-02-01-politics-iowa-caucuses-updates-real-time-index.html (CNN)]Democratic candidate Martin O'Malley suspends his campaign. [https:--www.washingtonpost.com-politics-omalley-to-suspend-his-campaign-according-to-campaign-adviser-2016-02-01-4e1a4572-c77c-11e5-a4aa-f25866ba0dc6_story.html "(Washington Post)"]




### Changes:

1. [Voters in Iowa go to Democratic and Republican Party caucuses in the first formal stage of the U.S. elections. ](/news/2016/02/1/voters-in-iowa-go-to-democratic-and-republican-party-caucuses-in-the-first-formal-stage-of-the-u-s-elections.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:28 (First version)_
1. [Voters in Iowa go to Democratic and Republican Party caucuses in the first formal stage of the U.S. elections. [https:--www.yahoo.com-politics-iowa-on-our-minds-as-the-campaign-nears-its-063213666.html (Yahoo! politics)]Hillary Clinton narrowly wins the Democratic caucus; this makes her the first woman to win an Iowa caucus. [http:--thehill.com-blogs-ballot-box-presidential-races-bernie-sanders-iowa-results-gain-error-recount-hillary-clinton (The Hill)] [http:--whotv.com-2016-02-01-iowans-could-witness-history-once-again-in-2016- (Who TV)]Ted Cruz wins the Republican caucus; this makes him the first Hispanic person to win an Iowa caucus. [http:--edition.cnn.com-2016-02-01-politics-iowa-caucuses-updates-real-time-index.html (CNN)] [http:--latino.foxnews.com-latino-politics-2016-02-01-iowans-to-choose-trump-aggressiveness-cruz-conservatism-or-rubio-moderation- Fox News Latino]Republican candidate Mike Huckabee suspends his campaign. [http:--abcnews.go.com-Politics-mike-huckabee-suspends-2016-presidential-race-story?id=36654628 (ABC Go)] [http:--edition.cnn.com-2016-02-01-politics-iowa-caucuses-updates-real-time-index.html (CNN)]Democratic candidate Martin O'Malley suspends his campaign. [https:--www.washingtonpost.com-politics-omalley-to-suspend-his-campaign-according-to-campaign-adviser-2016-02-01-4e1a4572-c77c-11e5-a4aa-f25866ba0dc6_story.html "(Washington Post)"]](/news/2016/02/1/voters-in-iowa-go-to-democratic-and-republican-party-caucuses-in-the-first-formal-stage-of-the-u-s-elections-https-www-yahoo-com-politi.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [The seventh Republican Party presidential debate, the second hosted by Fox News, and the final debate before voting begins with the Iowa caucuses on February 1, is held in Des Moines, Iowa. The seven candidates featuring in the primetime debate were Jeb Bush, Ben Carson, Chris Christie, Ted Cruz, John Kasich, Rand Paul and Marco Rubio. Donald Trump, the current front-runner in the polls, was also invited to the primetime debate but opted to boycott the debate and instead hosted a town hall with charitable proceeds going to veterans groups. ](/news/2016/01/28/the-seventh-republican-party-presidential-debate-the-second-hosted-by-fox-news-and-the-final-debate-before-voting-begins-with-the-iowa-cau.md) _Context: Iowa, Republican, Ted Cruz, caucuses_
2. [Although he lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/although-he-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nominee-for-the-2016-presidential-election-becomes-the-president-elect-of-t.md) _Context: Democrat, Hillary Clinton, Republican_
3. [Four state Democratic Parties sue the Donald Trump presidential campaign, the state Republican Parties, and "Stop the Steal" group founder Roger Stone for voter intimidation in the states of Ohio, Pennsylvania, Nevada, and Arizona. ](/news/2016/11/1/four-state-democratic-parties-sue-the-donald-trump-presidential-campaign-the-state-republican-parties-and-stop-the-steal-group-founder-r.md) _Context: Democrat, Republican, United States elections, 2016_
4. [Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton and Republican Party nominee Donald Trump hold the first presidential debate of the 2016 presidential election at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York. ](/news/2016/09/26/democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-republican-party-nominee-donald-trump-hold-the-first-presidential-debate-of-the-2016-presidenti.md) _Context: Democrat, Hillary Clinton, Republican_
5. [The Commission on Presidential Debates officially announces the invitation of Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton, and GOP nominee Donald Trump, to the first presidential debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York, on September 26. However, third party candidates, Gary Johnson and Jill Stein, have not met the criteria, and will not be participants in the debate. ](/news/2016/09/16/the-commission-on-presidential-debates-officially-announces-the-invitation-of-democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-gop-nominee-dona.md) _Context: Democrat, Hillary Clinton, Republican_
