### [2016-02-1](/news/2016/02/1/index.md)

# Voters in Iowa go to Democratic and Republican Party caucuses in the first formal stage of the U.S. elections. 

This article is drawn from reporting by Yahoo News correspondents, photo and video journalists covering the presidential campaign in Iowa, including Garance Franke-Ruta, Holly Bailey, Hunter Walker, Alyssa Bereznak, Liz Goodwin, Craig Rice, Charity Elder and Khue Bui. You can plot them on a road map


### Source:

1. [ABC Go](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/mike-huckabee-suspends-2016-presidential-race/story?id=36654628)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/02/01/politics/iowa-caucuses-updates-real-time/index.html)
3. [Fox News Latino]¶[[Republican Party (United States](http://latino.foxnews.com/latino/politics/2016/02/01/iowans-to-choose-trump-aggressiveness-cruz-conservatism-or-rubio-moderation/)
4. [The Hill](http://thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/presidential-races/bernie-sanders-iowa-results-gain-error-recount-hillary-clinton)
5. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/omalley-to-suspend-his-campaign-according-to-campaign-adviser/2016/02/01/4e1a4572-c77c-11e5-a4aa-f25866ba0dc6_story.html)
6. [Who TV](http://whotv.com/2016/02/01/iowans-could-witness-history-once-again-in-2016/)
7. [Yahoo! politics](https://www.yahoo.com/politics/iowa-on-our-minds-as-the-campaign-nears-its-063213666.html)

### Related:

1. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016Although he narrowly lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016palthough-he-narrowly-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nom.md) _Context: Democrats, Republican, United States elections, 2016_
2. [Four state Democratic Parties sue  the Donald Trump presidential campaign, the state Republican Parties, and "Stop the Steal"  group founder Roger Stone  for voter intimidation in the states of Ohio, Pennsylvania, Nevada, and Arizona. ](/news/2016/11/1/four-state-democratic-parties-sue-the-donald-trump-presidential-campaign-the-state-republican-parties-and-stop-the-steal-group-founder.md) _Context: Democrats, Republican, United States elections, 2016_
3. [The seventh Republican Party presidential debate, the second hosted by Fox News, and the final debate before voting begins with the Iowa caucuses on February 1, is held in Des Moines, Iowa. The seven candidates featuring in the primetime debate were Jeb Bush, Ben Carson, Chris Christie, Ted Cruz, John Kasich, Rand Paul and Marco Rubio. Donald Trump, the current front-runner in the polls, was also invited to the primetime debate but opted to boycott the debate and instead hosted a town hall with charitable proceeds going to veterans groups. ](/news/2016/01/28/the-seventh-republican-party-presidential-debate-the-second-hosted-by-fox-news-and-the-final-debate-before-voting-begins-with-the-iowa-cau.md) _Context: Iowa, Republican, caucuses_
4. [Voters in the U.S. state of Iowa go to the polls for electoral caucuses, with Mitt Romney defeating Rick Santorum by 8 votes in the Republican Party contest, and Ron Paul following in third place. ](/news/2012/01/3/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-iowa-go-to-the-polls-for-electoral-caucuses-with-mitt-romney-defeating-rick-santorum-by-8-votes-in-the-republic.md) _Context: Iowa, Republican, caucuses_
5. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Voters in Iowa  go to the polls for the first caucus to determine presidential nominees for the Democratic and Republican parties. ](/news/2008/01/3/united-states-presidential-election-2008-p-voters-in-iowa-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-caucus-to-determine-presidential-nominees-for-the.md) _Context: Democrats, Iowa, Republican_
6. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: Democrats, Republican_
7. [Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia.  ](/news/2017/04/18/democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u-s-house-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-now-health-and-human-serv.md) _Context: Democrats, Republican_
8. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: Democrats, Republican_
9. [John N. Kennedy of the Republican Party defeats Foster Campbell of the Democratic Party to become the junior Senator for Louisiana. ](/news/2016/12/10/john-n-kennedy-of-the-republican-party-defeats-foster-campbell-of-the-democratic-party-to-become-the-junior-senator-for-louisiana.md) _Context: Democrats, Republican_
10. [In Democratic  Party congressional leadership elections, U.S. House minority leader Nancy Pelosi is re-elected, holding off the challenge by Tim Ryan. Democratic whip Steny Hoyer is also re-elected.   Current caucus vice chair Joseph Crowley takes the caucus chairmanship. Linda Sanchez, in a three-way race, is elected the new vice chair.  ](/news/2016/11/30/in-democratic-party-congressional-leadership-elections-u-s-house-minority-leader-nancy-pelosi-is-re-elected-holding-off-the-challenge-by.md) _Context: Democrats, United States elections, 2016_
