### [2003-04-14](/news/2003/04/14/index.md)

#  Boutros Boutros-Ghali, former United Nations Secretary General, reports that the United Nations is increasingly "being marginalised" and that preparation is needed for a new organisation to succeed the UN.




### Related:

1. [ United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon meets with African leaders to discuss resolutions to the ongoing Kivu conflict in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2008/11/8/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-meets-with-african-leaders-to-discuss-resolutions-to-the-ongoing-kivu-conflict-in-the-democrat.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
2. [ United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says he is "immensely frustrated" at the State Peace and Development Council's slow response to the cyclone. ](/news/2008/05/12/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-he-is-immensely-frustrated-at-the-state-peace-and-development-council-s-slow-response-t.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
3. [ United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon holds talks with Lebanese political leaders, trying to break an impasse over the election of the next President. ](/news/2007/11/16/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-holds-talks-with-lebanese-political-leaders-trying-to-break-an-impasse-over-the-election-of-t.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
4. [ U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan appoints former Mozambican President Joaquim Chissano as the new United Nations-envoy to negotiations between the Government of Uganda and the Lord's Resistance Army, a rebel paramilitary group. ](/news/2006/12/5/u-n-secretary-general-kofi-annan-appoints-former-mozambican-president-joaquim-chissano-as-the-new-united-nations-envoy-to-negotiations-bet.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
5. [ Somali Civil War: UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan warns Somalia's neighbours to stay out, as UN experts paint an alarming picture of foreign and extremist intervention in a nation on the brink of all-out war that could engulf the Horn of Africa. ](/news/2006/11/19/somali-civil-war-un-secretary-general-kofi-annan-warns-somalia-s-neighbours-to-stay-out-as-un-experts-paint-an-alarming-picture-of-foreig.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
6. [ South Korean Ban Ki-moon is nominated to succeed Kofi Annan as the United Nations Secretary-General in an affirmation vote by the Security Council. A confirmation vote by the General Assembly is expected within the next fortnight. ](/news/2006/10/9/south-korean-ban-ki-moon-is-nominated-to-succeed-kofi-annan-as-the-united-nations-secretary-general-in-an-affirmation-vote-by-the-security.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
7. [ Ban Ki-Moon is elected to be the eighth Secretary-General of the United Nations, to succeed Kofi Annan in January 2007. ](/news/2006/10/13/ban-ki-moon-is-elected-to-be-the-eighth-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-to-succeed-kofi-annan-in-january-2007.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
8. [ Darfur conflict: United Nations secretary general Kofi Annan warns that the security situation in Darfur is deteriorating. ](/news/2005/01/10/darfur-conflict-united-nations-secretary-general-kofi-annan-warns-that-the-security-situation-in-darfur-is-deteriorating.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
9. [ United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan calls upon African Union leaders to take action to resolve the crisis in Darfur where an estimated 30,000 black Sudanese have been killed by Sudanese Arabs in cultural and racial strife. ](/news/2004/07/6/united-nations-secretary-general-kofi-annan-calls-upon-african-union-leaders-to-take-action-to-resolve-the-crisis-in-darfur-where-an-estima.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
10. [The Iraq Interim Governing Council announces the creation of a war crimes tribunal, to prosecute crimes against humanity committed under the Ba'ath Party rgime (14 July 1968 to 1 May 2003). [http://www.ajc.com/news/content/news/ap/ap_story.html/Intl/AP.V9823.AP-Iraq.html] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3306605.stm]The European Commission announces it will investigate whether exclusion of Iraq war opponents from industrial contracts to rebuild the country constitutes a violation of WTO rules by the U.S. [http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml;jsessionid=GGH0V1F5OSAHOCRBAE0CFFA?type=worldNews&storyID=419989&section=news] UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan condemns the "divisive" exclusion. [http://sify.com/news/international/fullstory.php?id=13331865]The People's Republic of China urges Japan not to send Japan Self-Defense Forces to Iraq.[http://famulus.msnbc.com/FamulusIntl/reuters12-10-182227.asp]](/news/2003/12/10/the-iraq-interim-governing-council-announces-the-creation-of-a-war-crimes-tribunal-to-prosecute-crimes-against-humanity-committed-under-the.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
