### [2003-04-14](/news/2003/04/14/index.md)

#  In Quebec, Canada, the governing sovereigntist "Parti Quebecois" is defeated in the 2003 general election. The Liberals are returned to power after nine years, and Jean Charest becomes the new premier.




### Related:

1. [Quebec premier Jean Charest calls a general election for September 2012 amidst student protests against tuition fee increases. ](/news/2012/08/2/quebec-premier-jean-charest-calls-a-general-election-for-september-2012-amidst-student-protests-against-tuition-fee-increases.md) _Context: Jean Charest, Quebec_
2. [ Quebec general election: The governing Quebec Liberal Party wins a minority government, with the conservative Action democratique du Quebec a strong second and the separatist Parti Quebecois third. ](/news/2007/03/26/quebec-general-election-the-governing-quebec-liberal-party-wins-a-minority-government-with-the-conservative-action-da-c-mocratique-du-qua-c-b.md) _Context: Parti Quebecois, Quebec sovereignty movement_
3. [ Premier of Quebec, Canada, Jean Charest, calls a general election for March 26. ](/news/2007/02/21/premier-of-quebec-canada-jean-charest-calls-a-general-election-for-march-26.md) _Context: Jean Charest, Quebec_
4. [ In the context of the Parti Qubcois National Congress, Bernard Landry announces his surprise resignation as leader of the Parti Qubcois, the major party in Quebec that advocates national independence for Quebec. ](/news/2005/06/4/in-the-context-of-the-parti-quebecois-national-congress-bernard-landry-announces-his-surprise-resignation-as-leader-of-the-parti-quebecois.md) _Context: Quebec, Quebec sovereignty movement_
5. [ A general strike in Quebec interrupts road and port traffic as well as non-essential surgeries and day-care service in Montreal, Quebec City, and Trois-Rivires. The strike was called in opposition to the Charest government's policies. [http://www.cbc.ca/stories/2003/12/11/quebec_031211]](/news/2003/12/11/a-general-strike-in-quebec-interrupts-road-and-port-traffic-as-well-as-non-essential-surgeries-and-day-care-service-in-montreal-quebec-cit.md) _Context: Jean Charest, Quebec_
6. [ Quebec premier-elect Jean Charest is sworn in and names his cabinet.](/news/2003/04/29/quebec-premier-elect-jean-charest-is-sworn-in-and-names-his-cabinet.md) _Context: Jean Charest, Quebec_
7. [A state of emergency is declared in Montreal, Canada as 1,200 Canadian Forces personnel are deployed in the province of Quebec to help with rising floodwaters. 146 communities are affected and more than 1,500 residents have been evacuated from their homes. ](/news/2017/05/7/a-state-of-emergency-is-declared-in-montreal-canada-as-1-200-canadian-forces-personnel-are-deployed-in-the-province-of-quebec-to-help-with.md) _Context: Quebec_
8. [Scientists announce the finding of microfossils up to almost 4.3 billion years old, within rocks from the Hudson Bay shoreline in northern Quebec, Canada, that may represent the oldest-known evidence of life on Earth. ](/news/2017/03/1/scientists-announce-the-finding-of-microfossils-up-to-almost-4-3-billion-years-old-within-rocks-from-the-hudson-bay-shoreline-in-northern-q.md) _Context: Quebec_
9. [Seven people die in a plane crash on the Magdalen Islands in the Canadian province of Quebec. Former minister Jean Lapierre was one of the people on board the plane. ](/news/2016/03/29/seven-people-die-in-a-plane-crash-on-the-magdalen-islands-in-the-canadian-province-of-quebec-former-minister-jean-lapierre-was-one-of-the-p.md) _Context: Quebec_
10. [Quebec-based Valeant Pharmaceuticals International cut all ties with Philidor Rx Services. This comes in the wake of recent revelations that Valeant was looking to acquire Philidor, a relationship that raised questions from various quarters. Valeant is the subject of U.S. federal investigations. ](/news/2015/10/30/quebec-based-valeant-pharmaceuticals-international-cut-all-ties-with-philidor-rx-services-this-comes-in-the-wake-of-recent-revelations-that.md) _Context: Quebec_
