### [2003-04-14](/news/2003/04/14/index.md)

#  The Congregation for the Causes of Saints in the Vatican, in the presence of Pope John Paul&nbsp;II, promulgates a decree declaring that Emperor-King Karl of Austria-Hungary (r: 1916-1918) possessed "heroic virtues". This decree marks a significant step towards canonisation in the Roman Catholic Church for the last Austrian emperor and king of Hungary.




### Related:

1. [Pending approval from Pope Francis, reports that Pope John Paul II may be canonized at the end of the year are confirmed after approval by the Vatican Congregation for the Causes of Saints of an alleged second miracle. ](/news/2013/07/2/pending-approval-from-pope-francis-reports-that-pope-john-paul-ii-may-be-canonized-at-the-end-of-the-year-are-confirmed-after-approval-by-t.md) _Context: Congregation for the Causes of Saints, Vatican City_
2. [A priest is arrested and questioned over an alleged drug-induced gay orgy hosted in his apartment in the Vatican City. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-priest-is-arrested-and-questioned-over-an-alleged-drug-induced-gay-orgy-hosted-in-his-apartment-in-the-vatican-city.md) _Context: Vatican City_
3. [The Palestinian National Authority prepares to open an embassy in the Vatican City, just one day before a Palestinian peace conference in Paris. ](/news/2017/01/14/the-palestinian-national-authority-prepares-to-open-an-embassy-in-the-vatican-city-just-one-day-before-a-palestinian-peace-conference-in-pa.md) _Context: Vatican City_
4. [Pope Francis pleads for peace in a Christmas Mass in the Vatican. ](/news/2016/12/25/pope-francis-pleads-for-peace-in-a-christmas-mass-in-the-vatican.md) _Context: Vatican City_
5. [Mother Teresa, known for working with the desperately poor, is canonized in a ceremony at the Vatican. ](/news/2016/09/4/mother-teresa-known-for-working-with-the-desperately-poor-is-canonized-in-a-ceremony-at-the-vatican.md) _Context: Vatican City_
6. [The Vatican police arrest Msgr. Lucio Angel Vallejo Balda and Francesca Immacolata Chaouqui, members of a former papal commission charged with studying financial operations of the Holy See, for allegedly leaking confidential documents to the media, a crime since 2013. ](/news/2015/11/2/the-vatican-police-arrest-msgr-lucio-angel-vallejo-balda-and-francesca-immacolata-chaouqui-members-of-a-former-papal-commission-charged-w.md) _Context: Vatican City_
7. [At the beginning of today's weekly general audience, Pope Francis asks for forgiveness for the scandals which have recently hit Rome and the Vatican. He did not offer details. The Church's Synod on the Family concludes Sunday, October 25, 2015. ](/news/2015/10/14/at-the-beginning-of-today-s-weekly-general-audience-pope-francis-asks-for-forgiveness-for-the-scandals-which-have-recently-hit-rome-and-the.md) _Context: Vatican City_
8. [Pope Francis asks Catholic faithful in Europe to host refugee families fleeing death from war and hunger, and announces the Vatican's two churches will welcome two families of refugees. ](/news/2015/09/6/pope-francis-asks-catholic-faithful-in-europe-to-host-refugee-families-fleeing-death-from-war-and-hunger-and-announces-the-vatican-s-two-ch.md) _Context: Vatican City_
9. [The UN General Assembly votes in favor of flying the flags of non-member observer states outside the headquarters in New York City. Palestine will raise their flag on September 30, while Vatican City has made no plans yet. ](/news/2015/09/11/the-un-general-assembly-votes-in-favor-of-flying-the-flags-of-non-member-observer-states-outside-the-headquarters-in-new-york-city-palestin.md) _Context: Vatican City_
10. [The Salvadoran Archbishop Oscar Romero, assassinated at the start of the Salvadoran Civil War, is beatified in Pope Francis's name, by Cardinal Angelo Amato, Prefect of the Congregation for the Causes of Saints, in San Salvador. ](/news/2015/05/23/the-salvadoran-archbishop-ascar-romero-assassinated-at-the-start-of-the-salvadoran-civil-war-is-beatified-in-pope-francis-s-name-by-card.md) _Context: Congregation for the Causes of Saints_
