### [2003-04-14](/news/2003/04/14/index.md)

#  U.S. President George W. Bush says that U.S.-led coalition victory in the 2003 Iraq war is "certain, but not complete."




### Related:

1. [A private note, due to remain secret despite calls for it to be published by the chairman of the Iraq Inquiry, shows former British prime minister Tony Blair privately assured former American president George W. Bush "you can count on us" before they jointly invaded Iraq prior to the Iraq War. ](/news/2011/01/21/a-private-note-due-to-remain-secret-despite-calls-for-it-to-be-published-by-the-chairman-of-the-iraq-inquiry-shows-former-british-prime-mi.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
2. [ "The New York Times" reports that it has seen a memo that shows George W. Bush was determined to go to war at least two months before the 2003 invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2006/03/27/the-new-york-times-reports-that-it-has-seen-a-memo-that-shows-george-w-bush-was-determined-to-go-to-war-at-least-two-months-before-the-2.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
3. [ A coalition of citizen groups will ask United States Congress to file a formal "Resolution of Inquiry", the first necessary legal step to determine whether U.S. President George W. Bush has committed impeachable offenses. The request, written by Boston constitutional attorney John C. Bonifaz, cites the Downing Street memo and issues surrounding the planning and execution of the Iraq war. ](/news/2005/05/26/a-coalition-of-citizen-groups-will-ask-united-states-congress-to-file-a-formal-resolution-of-inquiry-the-first-necessary-legal-step-to-d.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
4. [ The Bush administration is requesting an additional $80 billion from Congress for Iraq and Afghanistan, bringing the total cost of both operations over $280 billion. ](/news/2005/01/25/the-bush-administration-is-requesting-an-additional-80-billion-from-congress-for-iraq-and-afghanistan-bringing-the-total-cost-of-both-ope.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
5. [ Ari Fleischer, press secretary to U.S. President George W. Bush, gives credit to The Pentagon for the apparent victory in the 2003 Iraq war.[http://www.washtimes.com/national/20030415-2212014.htm ]date=September 2015](/news/2003/04/13/ari-fleischer-press-secretary-to-u-s-president-george-w-bush-gives-credit-to-the-pentagon-for-the-apparent-victory-in-the-2003-iraq-war.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
6. [ US invasion of Iraq: President George W. Bush announces in a televised speech that Iraqi President Saddam Hussein and his sons have 48 hours to leave Iraq, or the United States will initiate preemptive military action against Iraq.](/news/2003/03/17/us-invasion-of-iraq-president-george-w-bush-announces-in-a-televised-speech-that-iraqi-president-saddam-hussein-and-his-sons-have-48-hour.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
7. [ Several thousand people marched in Denver, Colorado, to protest the U.S. plan to invade Iraq when President Bush visited the city.](/news/2002/09/27/several-thousand-people-marched-in-denver-colorado-to-protest-the-u-s-plan-to-invade-iraq-when-president-bush-visited-the-city.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
8. [ U.S. plan to invade Iraq: White House and Pentagon officials announce that Gen. Tommy Franks presented detailed war plans to President Bush in early September.](/news/2002/09/20/u-s-plan-to-invade-iraq-white-house-and-pentagon-officials-announce-that-gen-tommy-franks-presented-detailed-war-plans-to-president-bush.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
9. [ U.S. plan to invade Iraq: In a speech before the U.N. General Assembly, George W. Bush asserts that Iraq has defied various U.N. resolutions and is "a threat to the authority of the United Nations and a threat to peace". He says that the US will work with the Security Council to draft the necessary resolutions for military action.](/news/2002/09/12/u-s-plan-to-invade-iraq-in-a-speech-before-the-u-n-general-assembly-george-w-bush-asserts-that-iraq-has-defied-various-u-n-resolution.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
10. [President-elect Donald Trump names Tom Price as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services; former President George W. Bush Administration official and wife of Mitch McConnell Elaine Chao as United States Secretary of Transportation; ](/news/2016/11/29/president-elect-donald-trump-names-tom-price-as-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-services-former-president-george-w-bush-admini.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
