### [2008-06-27](/news/2008/06/27/index.md)

#  The discovery that the sunken Philippines ferry MV "Princess of the Stars" was carrying 10,000 kilos of the dangerous pesticide endosulfan leads to the temporary cessation of the recovery of the bodies on board. 

Philippine officials suspended the retrieval Friday of hundreds of bodies believed trapped inside a sunken ferry due to fears divers may be exposed to toxic chemicals in the cargo hold.


### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/world/story/2008/06/27/philippines-ship.html)

### Related:

1. [ 2008 Pacific typhoon season: Typhoon Fengshen in the Philippines: Divers see bodies in the wreck of the MV "Princess of the Stars" off the coast of the Philippines, but no sign of survivors. ](/news/2008/06/24/2008-pacific-typhoon-season-typhoon-fengshen-in-the-philippines-divers-see-bodies-in-the-wreck-of-the-mv-princess-of-the-stars-off-the.md) _Context: MV ''Princess of the Stars, Philippines_
2. [ 2008 Pacific typhoon season: Typhoon Fengshen in the Philippines: An additional 28 survivors from the MV "Princess of the Stars" are found but there are still more than 800 missing from the vessel that sunk during Typhoon Fengshen. ](/news/2008/06/23/2008-pacific-typhoon-season-typhoon-fengshen-in-the-philippines-an-additional-28-survivors-from-the-mv-princess-of-the-stars-are-found.md) _Context: MV ''Princess of the Stars, Philippines_
3. [Battle of Marawi: The Pentagon is considering conducting airstrikes in Marawi, which if approved would later put U.S. troops on the ground to battle the ISIS-affiliated Maute group as well as related Islamist terror groups. A spokesperson later denied the claims as well as clarified that the Philippines has yet to make a request. ](/news/2017/08/8/battle-of-marawi-the-pentagon-is-considering-conducting-airstrikes-in-marawi-which-if-approved-would-later-put-u-s-troops-on-the-ground-t.md) _Context: Philippines_
4. [Earthquakes in 2017: Two people die in an earthquake in Leyte, Philippines. ](/news/2017/08/23/earthquakes-in-2017-two-people-die-in-an-earthquake-in-leyte-philippines.md) _Context: Philippines_
5. [Tourism in the Philippines: Viacom International Media Networks has announced it will no longer pursue a Nickelodeon underwater theme park and resort in Palawan, Philippines. The project, announced last January, attracted controversy due to criticisms from environmentalist groups who fear the resort might destroy the area's marine ecosystem, home to two UNESCO World Heritage sites. ](/news/2017/08/22/tourism-in-the-philippines-viacom-international-media-networks-has-announced-it-will-no-longer-pursue-a-nickelodeon-underwater-theme-park-a.md) _Context: Philippines_
6. [Philippine Drug War: After the shooting of Kian Loyd delos Santos, a 17-year old student, in the campaign against drugs in the Philippines, thousands of marchers protest in EDSA heeding calls from the Philippine Catholic Church to criticize the drug war. ](/news/2017/08/21/philippine-drug-war-after-the-shooting-of-kian-loyd-delos-santos-a-17-year-old-student-in-the-campaign-against-drugs-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: Philippines_
7. [Philippine Drug War: The Philippine Catholic Church condemns the killings in the Philippines after anger erupts due to the death of 17-year old Kian Loyd delos Santos.](/news/2017/08/20/philippine-drug-war-the-philippine-catholic-church-condemns-the-killings-in-the-philippines-after-anger-erupts-due-to-the-death-of-17-year.md) _Context: Philippines_
8. [Philippine Drug War: At least 32 people are killed in a series of police raids near Manila, Philippines, allegedly due to the ongoing drug war. ](/news/2017/08/16/philippine-drug-war-at-least-32-people-are-killed-in-a-series-of-police-raids-near-manila-philippines-allegedly-due-to-the-ongoing-drug-w.md) _Context: Philippines_
9. [Epidemiology of HIV/AIDS: According to the United Nations, the Philippines has the largest increase in HIV/AIDS in the Asia Pacific region with about a 140% increase in cases from 2010 until 2016 possibly causing a 'national emergency.' ](/news/2017/08/1/epidemiology-of-hiv-aids-according-to-the-united-nations-the-philippines-has-the-largest-increase-in-hiv-aids-in-the-asia-pacific-region-w.md) _Context: Philippines_
10. [Martial law in the Philippines: The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/martial-law-in-the-philippines-the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-l.md) _Context: Philippines_
