### [2003-12-27](/news/2003/12/27/index.md)

#  Romano Prodi, the President of the European Commission, survives a letter bomb attack. 




### Related:

1. [ United States President George W. Bush meets with French President Nicolas Sarkozy and European Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso to discuss a proposal for a summit of world leaders to discuss the current economic crisis. ](/news/2008/10/18/united-states-president-george-w-bush-meets-with-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-and-european-commission-president-jose-manuel-barroso-to.md) _Context: European Commission, President of the European Commission_
2. [ European Union leaders formally nominate Portuguese Prime Minister Jose Manuel Barroso to the post of European Commission president. ](/news/2004/06/29/european-union-leaders-formally-nominate-portuguese-prime-minister-josa-c-manuel-barroso-to-the-post-of-european-commission-president.md) _Context: European Commission, President of the European Commission_
3. [ European Commission President Romano Prodi vows stronger action to combat anti-Semitism in Europe. Prodi states that some criticism of Israel was inspired by "what amounts to anti-Semitic sentiments and prejudice." Youths from the large Arab immigrant communities in France, Belgium and other European countries are blamed for the rise in attacks against Jews in Europe. The European Union's ](/news/2004/02/19/european-commission-president-romano-prodi-vows-stronger-action-to-combat-anti-semitism-in-europe-prodi-states-that-some-criticism-of-isra.md) _Context: European Commission, Romano Prodi_
4. [ A British and a German Member of the European Parliament both receive letter bombs in the post. This follows an earlier letter bomb sent to the President of the European Commission, Romano Prodi.](/news/2004/01/5/a-british-and-a-german-member-of-the-european-parliament-both-receive-letter-bombs-in-the-post-this-follows-an-earlier-letter-bomb-sent-to.md) _Context: President of the European Commission, Romano Prodi_
5. [The European Union is investigating a series of parcel bombs targeting the European Central Bank in Frankfurt and Europol headquarters at The Hague. Investigators state that it is too early to draw any connections between these bombs and the letter bomb sent two days ago to the Bologna home of Romano Prodi, the head of the European Commission. [http://www.iht.com/articles/123228.html]](/news/2003/12/30/the-european-union-is-investigating-a-series-of-parcel-bombs-targeting-the-european-central-bank-in-frankfurt-and-europol-headquarters-at-th.md) _Context: European Commission, Romano Prodi_
6. [ President of the European Commission Romano Prodi unveils a proposal to boost flagging economic growth in Europe. The plan has two main parts: increasing spending on European transport networks and promoting research and development.](/news/2003/10/1/president-of-the-european-commission-romano-prodi-unveils-a-proposal-to-boost-flagging-economic-growth-in-europe-the-plan-has-two-main-par.md) _Context: President of the European Commission, Romano Prodi_
7. [President of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, holds his annual State of the European Union speech in Strasbourg. ](/news/2017/09/13/president-of-the-european-commission-jean-claude-juncker-holds-his-annual-state-of-the-european-union-speech-in-strasbourg.md) _Context: European Commission_
8. [Polish President Andrzej Duda announces he will veto two judicial reform bills passed by Poland's parliament, which the European Commission said would result in sanctions, and which have generated continuous demonstrations across the country. The ruling Law and Justice Party needs to put together a three-fifths majority to override the veto. ](/news/2017/07/24/polish-president-andrzej-duda-announces-he-will-veto-two-judicial-reform-bills-passed-by-poland-s-parliament-which-the-european-commission.md) _Context: European Commission_
9. [The European Commission imposes a record EUR2.42bn antitrust fine on internet giant Google for allegedly manipulating its search engine results. ](/news/2017/06/27/the-european-commission-imposes-a-record-a-2-42bn-antitrust-fine-on-internet-giant-google-for-allegedly-manipulating-its-search-engine-resu.md) _Context: European Commission_
10. [The closely-watched CEVIPOF poll shows Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen clinging to a narrow lead heading into the first stage of the election, with Le Pen recently becoming embroiled in a spat with the European Commission after refusing to appear on TF1 while there remained a Flag of Europe in the background. ](/news/2017/04/19/the-closely-watched-cevipof-poll-shows-emmanuel-macron-and-marine-le-pen-clinging-to-a-narrow-lead-heading-into-the-first-stage-of-the-elect.md) _Context: European Commission_
