### [2003-12-27](/news/2003/12/27/index.md)

#  The U.S. Department of Agriculture announces that it believes the BSE infected cow detected in Washington state was imported from Canada in 2001. The location of the other 73 cows imported with it is unknown. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/3351547.stm]




### Related:

1. [ Fearing the state's BSE outbreak may extend beyond a single farm, the U.S. Department of Agriculture quarantines a second cattle farm in Washington state. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/3350227.stm]](/news/2003/12/26/fearing-the-state-s-bse-outbreak-may-extend-beyond-a-single-farm-the-u-s-department-of-agriculture-quarantines-a-second-cattle-farm-in-wa.md) _Context: United States Department of Agriculture, Washington, mad cow disease, state_
2. [Mount Rainier National Park in the U.S. state of Washington is closed as police conduct a manhunt for a man who shot dead a park ranger on New Year's Day; the gunman, Benjamin Barnes, is eventually found dead. ](/news/2012/01/2/mount-rainier-national-park-in-the-u-s-state-of-washington-is-closed-as-police-conduct-a-manhunt-for-a-man-who-shot-dead-a-park-ranger-on-n.md) _Context: Washington, state_
3. [The U.S. state of Washington issues flood warnings. ](/news/2011/03/30/the-u-s-state-of-washington-issues-flood-warnings.md) _Context: Washington, state_
4. [ Washington plane crash Air crews conduct search and rescue missions for an airplane carrying 8-10 passengers that is believed to have crashed in a mountainous area of the U.S. state of Washington 45 miles west of Yakima. ](/news/2007/10/8/washington-plane-crashp-air-crews-conduct-search-and-rescue-missions-for-an-airplane-carrying-8-10-passengers-that-is-believed-to-have-cras.md) _Context: Washington, state_
5. [ Six people are shot, one fatally, at the Jewish Federation of Greater Seattle in the U.S. state of Washington in a religiously-motivated killing spree. The killer identified himself as a Muslim American who was angry over the 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict. ](/news/2006/07/28/six-people-are-shot-one-fatally-at-the-jewish-federation-of-greater-seattle-in-the-u-s-state-of-washington-in-a-religiously-motivated-ki.md) _Context: Washington, state_
6. [ Scientists flock to an area about {{convert|300|mi|km}} off the coast of U.S. state of Washington to study what appears to be an ongoing undersea volcanic eruption. Accompanying earthquakes measuring up to magnitude 4.0 have numbered thousands per day. ](/news/2005/03/5/scientists-flock-to-an-area-about-convert-300-mi-km-off-the-coast-of-u-s-state-of-washington-to-study-what-appears-to-be-an-ongoing-un.md) _Context: Washington, state_
7. [ The United States Department of Agriculture confirms the first case of BSE (mad cow disease) in the United States, detected at a small slaughter house. The USDA has found no evidence that the infected materials made it into the food supply. Specimens have been sent to the United Kingdom for further analysis. Authorities quarantined a ranch near Yakima where the animal was raised. ](/news/2003/12/23/the-united-states-department-of-agriculture-confirms-the-first-case-of-bse-mad-cow-disease-in-the-united-states-detected-at-a-small-slau.md) _Context: United States Department of Agriculture, mad cow disease_
8. [American pipeline operator Williams Partners has agreed to sell an olefins plant in Louisiana to Canadian chemical company Nova Chemicals for $2.1 billion. ](/news/2017/04/17/american-pipeline-operator-williams-partners-has-agreed-to-sell-an-olefins-plant-in-louisiana-to-canadian-chemical-company-nova-chemicals-fo.md) _Context: Canadian_
9. [A U.S. federal judge in Hawaii, finding the revised federal immigration/refugee executive order violates the U.S. Constitution's religious establishment clause, grants the state of Hawaii's motion for a nationwide temporary restraining order on these rules that were set to become effective at midnight. President Donald Trump vows to appeal this ruling. Two other federal courts held hearings on similar requests filed by the states of Maryland and Washington; neither of these judges issued a ruling. ](/news/2017/03/15/a-u-s-federal-judge-in-hawaii-finding-the-revised-federal-immigration-refugee-executive-order-violates-the-u-s-constitution-s-religious-e.md) _Context: Washington_
10. [Scientists announce the finding of microfossils up to almost 4.3 billion years old, within rocks from the Hudson Bay shoreline in northern Quebec, Canada, that may represent the oldest-known evidence of life on Earth. ](/news/2017/03/1/scientists-announce-the-finding-of-microfossils-up-to-almost-4-3-billion-years-old-within-rocks-from-the-hudson-bay-shoreline-in-northern-q.md) _Context: Canadian_
