### [2013-01-17](/news/2013/01/17/index.md)

# In Amenas hostage crisis:. An Algerian official reports that a group of hostages has escaped from the natural gas complex that was taken over by Islamist militants. It is reported as many as 20 escaped, including Americans. 

Security forces in eastern Algeria surround a gas facility occupied by militants holding foreign and Algerian workers, amid reports 30 Algerians have escaped.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/africa/2013/01/201311713160194432.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-21054521)
3. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2013/01/17/us-france-reportedly-in-talks-with-algeria-over-hostage-standoff/)
4. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/news/nationworld/world/la-20-foreign-hostages-escape-islamist-captors-in-algeria-20130117,0,7004240.story)
5. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2013/01/17/algeria-hostages/1841343/)

### Related:

1. [In Amenas hostage crisis:. Suspected Islamic militants take over a BP facility in In Amenas, Algeria, killing at least 2 workers and taking up to 40 others hostage, including 13 Norwegians, a number of Americans, as well as nationals from Ireland, Japan, France and the United Kingdom. A previously unknown group allied to al-Qaeda's regional branch says the attack is in revenge for Algeria's support of the French operation against Islamic rebels in Mali. ](/news/2013/01/16/in-ama-c-nas-hostage-crisis-suspected-islamic-militants-take-over-a-bp-facility-in-in-ama-c-nas-algeria-killing-at-least-2-workers-and-takin.md) _Context: Algeria, In Amenas hostage crisis, U.S._
2. [The United States Department of State issues a travel warning to United States citizens for the country of Algeria in response to the In Amenas hostage crisis. ](/news/2013/01/20/the-united-states-department-of-state-issues-a-travel-warning-to-united-states-citizens-for-the-country-of-algeria-in-response-to-the-in-ama.md) _Context: Algeria, In Amenas hostage crisis_
3. [In Amenas hostage crisis:. About 60 foreign hostages are unaccounted for in the standoff with Islamist militants now entering its third day. ](/news/2013/01/18/in-ama-c-nas-hostage-crisis-about-60-foreign-hostages-are-unaccounted-for-in-the-standoff-with-islamist-militants-now-entering-its-third-day.md) _Context: In Amenas hostage crisis, Islamist_
4. [ Former Islamist guerrilla leader Mustapha Kartali is wounded by a car bomb in Larba, Algeria. ](/news/2007/08/14/former-islamist-guerrilla-leader-mustapha-kartali-is-wounded-by-a-car-bomb-in-larba-algeria.md) _Context: Algeria, Islamist_
5. [ Suspected Islamist militants open fire on a military patrol in northwestern Algeria leaving nine soldiers and six attackers dead. ](/news/2007/04/8/suspected-islamist-militants-open-fire-on-a-military-patrol-in-northwestern-algeria-leaving-nine-soldiers-and-six-attackers-dead.md) _Context: Algeria, Islamist_
6. [North Korea-United States relations. Following the death of 22-year-old U.S. student Otto Warmbier, touring firm Young Pioneer Tours, who arranged Otto's visit to North Korea, say they will no longer be taking U.S. citizens to North Korea as the "risk is too high". Beijing-based Koryo Tours say they are reviewing their positions on taking U.S. citizens to the country. ](/news/2017/06/20/north-korea-united-states-relations-following-the-death-of-22-year-old-u-s-student-otto-warmbier-touring-firm-young-pioneer-tours-who.md) _Context: U.S._
7. [Algerian legislative election, 2017. Voter turnout is predicted to be low as Algerians go to the polls to elect members of the People's National Assembly. ](/news/2017/05/4/algerian-legislative-election-2017-voter-turnout-is-predicted-to-be-low-as-algerians-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-members-of-the-people-s-nati.md) _Context: Algeria_
8. [2016-2017 Cook Inlet natural gas leak. An investigation by the United States Department of Transportation's Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration finds that the natural gas leak occurring in Alaska's Cook Inlet began earlier than first reported, and represents significant safety and environmental risks. The agency gives pipeline operator Hilcorp Energy until May 1, 2017 to fix the leak, or shut the pipeline down. ](/news/2017/03/7/2016-2017-cook-inlet-natural-gas-leak-an-investigation-by-the-united-states-department-of-transportation-s-pipeline-and-hazardous-materials.md) _Context: natural gas_
9. [2016-2017 Cook Inlet natural gas leak. A damaged natural gas pipeline operating under Cook Inlet offshore of Nikiski (near Anchorage, Alaska) continues releasing between 6,000-8,800 cubic meters (210,000-310,000 cubic feet) of gas per day. Pipeline operator Hilcorp Energy states that due to sea ice conditions, repairs will not be possible for weeks. ](/news/2017/03/3/2016-2017-cook-inlet-natural-gas-leak-a-damaged-natural-gas-pipeline-operating-under-cook-inlet-offshore-of-nikiski-near-anchorage-alaska.md) _Context: natural gas_
10. [Tankers anchored in the Caribbean Sea are unable to deliver over four million barrels of crude oil, due to Venezuela's state-owned oil and natural gas company being unable to pay for hull cleaning, inspections, and other port services. ](/news/2017/01/26/tankers-anchored-in-the-caribbean-sea-are-unable-to-deliver-over-four-million-barrels-of-crude-oil-due-to-venezuela-s-state-owned-oil-and-n.md) _Context: natural gas_
