### [2013-01-17](/news/2013/01/17/index.md)

# Syrian civil war:106 people are massacred in the Basatin al-Hasawiya district of Homs, Syria, including children. People were shot, stabbed, and burned to death by forces loyal to Bashar al-Assad known as the Shabiha. 

More than 100 people were shot, stabbed or possibly burned to death by government forces in the Syrian city of Homs, a monitoring group said on Thursday, and fierce fighting raged across the country.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2013/01/201311716944605506.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-21073447)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/01/17/us-syria-crisis-idUSBRE90G09R20130117)
4. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2013/jan/17/homs-massacre-syria-basatin-hasawiya)

### Related:

1. [Syrian civil war:NBC News Chief Foreign Correspondent Richard Engel and his production team are freed after 5 days of captivity in northern Syria. They were captured by what Engel claims were members of the shabiha, a plainclothes militia loyal to President Bashar al-Assad. Rebel forces at a checkpoint freed the men after a firefight that killed 2 of the captors. ](/news/2012/12/18/syrian-civil-war-pnbc-news-chief-foreign-correspondent-richard-engel-and-his-production-team-are-freed-after-5-days-of-captivity-in-northern.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Shabiha, Syria, war_
2. [Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated.  Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterday-the-united-sta.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, war_
3. [Several bombings kill at least 40 people in government and Kurdish held territory across Syria, including Tartus, Homs, Al-Hasakah and Damascus. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/09/5/several-bombings-kill-at-least-40-people-in-government-and-kurdish-held-territory-across-syria-including-tartus-homs-al-hasakah-and-damas.md) _Context: Homs, Syria, war_
4. [Twin bomb blasts hit the Syrian city of Homs with at least 57 people reportedly killed and more than 100 injured. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/02/21/twin-bomb-blasts-hit-the-syrian-city-of-homs-with-at-least-57-people-reportedly-killed-and-more-than-100-injured-the-islamic-state-of-iraq.md) _Context: Homs, Syria, war_
5. [At least 75 Syrian Army soldiers and pro-Assad militiamen are killed following a multi-front attack on the eastern Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL fighters had advanced into the northern tip of Deir ez-Zor city, and captured the suburb of Al-Baghaliyeh. The pro-government Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA) reports that government forces had repelled an attack on the city leaving dozens of militants dead. ](/news/2016/01/16/at-least-75-syrian-army-soldiers-and-pro-assad-militiamen-are-killed-following-a-multi-front-attack-on-the-eastern-syrian-city-of-deir-ez-zo.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, war_
6. [At least 32 people are killed and 90 injured following a car bomb and suicide-bomb attack in the al-Zahra district of the Syrian city of Homs. ](/news/2015/12/28/at-least-32-people-are-killed-and-90-injured-following-a-car-bomb-and-suicide-bomb-attack-in-the-al-zahra-district-of-the-syrian-city-of-hom.md) _Context: Homs, Syria, war_
7. [Russia expands its military presence in Syria with an additional airbase that can accommodate fixed-winged military aircraft. The U.S. Department of Defense also confirms that Russia added S-400 surface-to-air missiles to its Syrian stockpile and armed its military aircraft with air-to-air missiles. According to Military Times, "A Pentagon spokesman expressed concern" these moves indicate Russia's commitment to aiding the embattled Assad regime as opposed to combating ISIL. No Syrian opposition groups including ISIL have combat-ready aircraft that require air-to-air missiles. ](/news/2015/12/2/russia-expands-its-military-presence-in-syria-with-an-additional-airbase-that-can-accommodate-fixed-winged-military-aircraft-the-u-s-depar.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, war_
8. [Sixteen people are killed and many more injured by a car bomb and a second, delayed explosion  near a hospital in Syria's mainly Alawite, government-controlled neighborhood of al-Zahra, east of  Homs' old city, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports. The attack comes just five days  after the government and rebels agreed on a local ceasefire in the western al-Waer suburb. ](/news/2015/12/12/sixteen-people-are-killed-and-many-more-injured-by-a-car-bomb-and-a-second-delayed-explosion-near-a-hospital-in-syria-s-mainly-alawite-go.md) _Context: Homs, Syria, war_
9. [Syrian President Bashar al-Assad says reforms in Syria are unlikely until all of the government's armed opponents are vanquished. The country will continue to send representatives to peace negotiations sponsored by Moscow, but rule out negotiations with the Western-backed groups opposing his government. ](/news/2015/10/4/syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-says-reforms-in-syria-are-unlikely-until-all-of-the-governmentas-armed-opponents-are-vanquished-the-coun.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, war_
10. [U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says new talks aimed to help end Syria's war shouldn't be held up by wrangling over whether President Bashar Assad stays or goes. ](/news/2015/10/31/u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-new-talks-aimed-to-help-end-syria-s-war-shouldn-t-be-held-up-by-wrangling-over-whether-president-bas.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, war_
