### [2013-01-17](/news/2013/01/17/index.md)

# Tens of thousands of Kurds pour into the streets of Diyarbakir, Turkey, for the funeral of Sakine Cansiz, the co-founder of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party, who was killed in Paris, France, on January 9. 

Tens of thousands of Kurds poured onto the streets of the Turkish city of Diyarbakir on Thursday for the funeral of three Kurdish activists killed in Paris, chanting slogans as coffins passed through the crowds.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/01/17/us-turkey-kurds-idUSBRE90G0SC20130117)

### Related:

1. [Police in France discover the bodies of Sakine Cansiz, one of the co-founders of the Kurdistan Workers' Party, and two other Kurdish activists who were all shot dead in a Kurdish information center in the capital, Paris. ](/news/2013/01/10/police-in-france-discover-the-bodies-of-sakine-cansa-z-one-of-the-co-founders-of-the-kurdistan-workers-party-and-two-other-kurdish-activi.md) _Context: France, Kurdish, Kurdistan Workers' Party, Paris, Sakine Cansiz_
2. [Tahir Elci, a pro-Kurdish lawyer, is shot dead at a press conference in the city of Diyarbakir as clashes break out between Turkish security forces and PKK militants. ](/news/2015/11/28/tahir-elassi-a-pro-kurdish-lawyer-is-shot-dead-at-a-press-conference-in-the-city-of-diyarbakir-as-clashes-break-out-between-turkish-securit.md) _Context: Diyarbakir, Kurdish, Kurdistan Workers' Party_
3. [ 1 person is killed, and 15 are injured in Hakkri, Hakkari Province, Turkey during fighting between Turkish police and Kurdish PKK rebels. ](/news/2005/11/16/1-person-is-killed-and-15-are-injured-in-hakkari-hakkari-province-turkey-during-fighting-between-turkish-police-and-kurdish-pkk-rebels.md) _Context: Kurdish, Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey_
4. [A summit begins in Paris, France, to restart peace negotiations between Israel and Palestine in an effort to discuss a possible two-state solution to the conflict. However, neither Israel nor Palestine sent representatives to the summit, casting doubts on a breakthrough. ](/news/2017/01/15/a-summit-begins-in-paris-france-to-restart-peace-negotiations-between-israel-and-palestine-in-an-effort-to-discuss-a-possible-two-state-so.md) _Context: France, Paris_
5. [A suspected PKK car bomb kills at least 17 people, and injures 27 others in Turkey's southeast Hakkari Province. ](/news/2016/10/9/a-suspected-pkk-car-bomb-kills-at-least-17-people-and-injures-27-others-in-turkey-s-southeast-hakkac-ri-province.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey_
6. [Turkey suspends 11,500 teachers over alleged links to separatist terrorist organization  Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) a week before the start of school. ](/news/2016/09/8/turkey-suspends-11-500-teachers-over-alleged-links-to-separatist-terrorist-organization-kurdistan-workers-party-pkk-a-week-before-the-st.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey_
7. [Turkish Armed Forces claims that it has killed three Kurdistan Workers' Party fighters in air strikes in southeastern Turkey near the borders with Iraq. ](/news/2016/09/1/turkish-armed-forces-claims-that-it-has-killed-three-kurdistan-workers-party-fighters-in-air-strikes-in-southeastern-turkey-near-the-border.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey_
8. [The Turkish military kills 35 Kurdistan Workers' Party militants after they attempt to capture a base in Turkey's Hakkari Province. ](/news/2016/07/30/the-turkish-military-kills-35-kurdistan-workers-party-militants-after-they-attempt-to-capture-a-base-in-turkey-s-hakkac-ri-province.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey_
9. [Paris, France, implements a pollution-reduction program that bans residents from driving cars built before 1997, and motorcycles built before 2000, on weekdays inside the city limits  between 8 a.m. and 8 p.m. ](/news/2016/07/1/paris-france-implements-a-pollution-reduction-program-that-bans-residents-from-driving-cars-built-before-1997-and-motorcycles-built-befor.md) _Context: France, Paris_
10. [A senior French police commander is killed by a  knife-wielding  25-year-old man outside his home in Magnanville near Paris, France. The attacker, who retreated inside the house, is also killed when elite police commandos storm the residence after negotiations failed.  The commander's partner, a female administrative police official, is found dead inside the home, while a young boy is rescued physically unharmed. The Islamic State, via its Amaq News Agency, claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/06/13/a-senior-french-police-commander-is-killed-by-a-knife-wielding-25-year-old-man-outside-his-home-in-magnanville-near-paris-france-the-att.md) _Context: France, Paris_
