### [2003-08-2](/news/2003/08/2/index.md)

#  Israeli Attorney General Elyakim Rubinstein publicly rebukes Ariel Sharon's son Gilad for refusing to cooperate with an investigation into graft and influence peddling.




### Related:

1. [ Israel makes the first permanent appointment of an Arab to its Supreme Court as Salim Jubran is selected unanimously; Esther Hayut and Elyakim Rubinstein are also selected unanimously. Edna Arbel, the former state prosecutor who recommended indicting Prime Minister Ariel Sharon on bribery charges, is selected amongst considerably more controversy and opposition. ](/news/2004/05/8/israel-makes-the-first-permanent-appointment-of-an-arab-to-its-supreme-court-as-salim-jubran-is-selected-unanimously-esther-hayut-and-elya.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Elyakim Rubinstein, Israel_
2. [Former Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, is buried on his ranch in southern Israel following a state funeral at the Knesset attended by foreign dignitaries and Israelis. ](/news/2014/01/14/former-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-is-buried-on-his-ranch-in-southern-israel-following-a-state-funeral-at-the-knesset-attended-b.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel_
3. [ A top aide to Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has been suspended from her job for six months while a corruption inquiry is conducted, officials say. ](/news/2007/02/11/a-top-aide-to-israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-has-been-suspended-from-her-job-for-six-months-while-a-corruption-inquiry-is-conducted-of.md) _Context: Israel, anti-corruption_
4. [ The Attorney-General of Israel delivers a brief to the Supreme Court of Israel arguing that the President of Israel Moshe Katsav should stand aside pending a possible indictment for rape. ](/news/2006/10/29/the-attorney-general-of-israel-delivers-a-brief-to-the-supreme-court-of-israel-arguing-that-the-president-of-israel-moshe-katsav-should-sta.md) _Context: Israel, attorney general_
5. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon undergoes emergency surgery due to digestive problems. His condition is critical. ](/news/2006/02/11/israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-undergoes-emergency-surgery-due-to-digestive-problems-his-condition-is-critical.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel_
6. [ Israeli television claims that Police in Tel Aviv found evidence that proves Prime Minister of Israel Ariel Sharon's family took bribes while Sharon was running for the leadership of the Likud Party. An aide dismissed the allegations. ](/news/2006/01/3/israeli-television-claims-that-police-in-tel-aviv-found-evidence-that-proves-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-s-family-took-bribes-whi.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel_
7. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon calls for the expulsion of Iran from the United Nations after the Iranian President repeated Ruhollah Khomeini's call for Israel to be "wiped off the map". ](/news/2005/10/27/israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-calls-for-the-expulsion-of-iran-from-the-united-nations-after-the-iranian-president-repeated-ruhollah-k.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel_
8. [ Omri Sharon, son of the Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, has been formally indicted on charges of corruption following allegations concerning Ariel Sharon's bid to become leader of the Likud party in 1999. ](/news/2005/08/28/omri-sharon-son-of-the-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-has-been-formally-indicted-on-charges-of-corruption-following-allegations-c.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, anti-corruption_
9. [ In Israel, president Moshe Katsav states that he is worried about a possible assassination plot against Prime Minister of Israel Ariel Sharon. ](/news/2005/07/4/in-israel-president-moshe-katsav-states-that-he-is-worried-about-a-possible-assassination-plot-against-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-shar.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel_
10. [ In Israel, there are reports that Jewish ultranationalists have cast a Pulsa diNura death curse over Ariel Sharon ](/news/2005/07/26/in-israel-there-are-reports-that-jewish-ultranationalists-have-cast-a-pulsa-dinura-death-curse-over-ariel-sharon.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel_
