### [2003-08-2](/news/2003/08/2/index.md)

#  The United Nations authorizes an international peacekeeping force for Liberia. The United States is criticized by members of the Security Council for insisting that UN peacekeepers serving in Liberia be granted immunity from war crimes prosecution. The U.S. demand is described by its critics as a breach of international law.




### Related:

1. [ A United Nations war crimes tribunal charges President Charles Taylor of Liberia with war crimes for masterminding atrocities in the Sierra Leone civil war.](/news/2003/06/5/a-united-nations-war-crimes-tribunal-charges-president-charles-taylor-of-liberia-with-war-crimes-for-masterminding-atrocities-in-the-sierra.md) _Context: Liberia, United Nations, war crimes_
2. [United Nations officials announce the creation of a new team in Geneva to investigate possible war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide during the Syrian Civil War in order to prepare for future prosecutions of those responsible. ](/news/2017/02/16/united-nations-officials-announce-the-creation-of-a-new-team-in-geneva-to-investigate-possible-war-crimes-crimes-against-humanity-and-genoc.md) _Context: United Nations, war crimes_
3. [The United Nations Security Council unanimously adopts a resolution aimed at identifying those responsible for deploying chlorine and other chemical weapons in attacks in Syria. ](/news/2015/08/7/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-adopts-a-resolution-aimed-at-identifying-those-responsible-for-deploying-chlorine-and-other.md) _Context: Security Council, United Nations_
4. [The head of a United Nations war crimes tribunal states that it is investigating 14 alleged instances of chemical weapons attacks. ](/news/2013/09/17/the-head-of-a-united-nations-war-crimes-tribunal-states-that-it-is-investigating-14-alleged-instances-of-chemical-weapons-attacks.md) _Context: United Nations, war crimes_
5. [Former Bosnian Serb Colonel General Ratko Mladic is scheduled to enter a plea on charges of genocide in the Srebrenica massacre during the Bosnian war at a United Nations war crimes court. ](/news/2011/07/4/former-bosnian-serb-colonel-general-ratko-mladia-is-scheduled-to-enter-a-plea-on-charges-of-genocide-in-the-srebrenica-massacre-during-the.md) _Context: United Nations, war crimes_
6. [The Palestinian National Authority states it will seek United Nations recognition through both the Security Council and the General Assembly in September. It is currently lobbying nations for recognition during the stalled peace talks with Israel. ](/news/2011/01/11/the-palestinian-national-authority-states-it-will-seek-united-nations-recognition-through-both-the-security-council-and-the-general-assembly.md) _Context: Security Council, United Nations_
7. [The United Nations-backed Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia indict four Khmer Rouge leaders for genocide, war crimes and crimes against humanity for their role in the regime in the late 1970s, including Pol Pot's deputy Nuon Chea, former Foreign Minister Ieng Sary, Social Affairs minister Ieng Thirith and head of state Khieu Samphan. ](/news/2010/09/16/the-united-nations-backed-extraordinary-chambers-in-the-courts-of-cambodia-indict-four-khmer-rouge-leaders-for-genocide-war-crimes-and-crim.md) _Context: United Nations, war crimes_
8. [Actress Mia Farrow gives evidence in the trial of former President of Liberia Charles Taylor before the United Nations Special Court for Sierra Leone. ](/news/2010/08/9/actress-mia-farrow-gives-evidence-in-the-trial-of-former-president-of-liberia-charles-taylor-before-the-united-nations-special-court-for-sie.md) _Context: Liberia, United Nations_
9. [Sri Lanka's President Mahinda Rajapakse and other prominent Sri Lankans protest international calls and the appointment of a United Nations panel to investigate war crimes allegedly committed during the country's civil war with the Tamil Tiger separatists. ](/news/2010/06/28/sri-lanka-s-president-mahinda-rajapakse-and-other-prominent-sri-lankans-protest-international-calls-and-the-appointment-of-a-united-nations.md) _Context: United Nations, war crimes_
10. [ The United Nations Security Council lifts an arms embargo on Liberia imposed during the reign of Charles Taylor in 2003. ](/news/2009/12/21/the-united-nations-security-council-lifts-an-arms-embargo-on-liberia-imposed-during-the-reign-of-charles-taylor-in-2003.md) _Context: Liberia, United Nations_
