### [2003-08-2](/news/2003/08/2/index.md)

#  The "Daily Telegraph" in the United Kingdom claims attempts by the British Ministry of Defence (MoD) to destroy allegedly important documents about its treatment of BBC source Dr. David Kelly in the weeks before his suicide were foiled by a security guard, who found the documents scheduled for destruction and called the police. The MoD insists the documents were not that important but will now be preserved and supplied to the Hutton Inquiry into the Kelly case.




### Related:

1. [The United Kingdom's Royal Air Force bombs Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant-controlled oil wells in eastern Syria. At least four Tornado GR4 fighter jets, operating out of RAF Akrotiri in Cyprus, were involved in raids. The Ministry of Defence said initial analysis "indicates that the strikes were successful". ](/news/2015/12/3/the-united-kingdom-s-royal-air-force-bombs-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-controlled-oil-wells-in-eastern-syria-at-least-four-tornado.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence_
2. [The UK's Ministry of Defence says that five Royal Marines have been charged with murder over an incident involving the death of an insurgent in Afghanistan in 2011. ](/news/2012/10/14/the-uk-s-ministry-of-defence-says-that-five-royal-marines-have-been-charged-with-murder-over-an-incident-involving-the-death-of-an-insurgent.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence_
3. [The British Ministry of Defence suspends training flights in aircraft with ejector seats similar to that which killed a Red Arrows pilot on Tuesday. ](/news/2011/11/9/the-british-ministry-of-defence-suspends-training-flights-in-aircraft-with-ejector-seats-similar-to-that-which-killed-a-red-arrows-pilot-on.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence_
4. [Turkish hackers gain access to the websites of several companies, including Vodafone, the "Daily Telegraph" and UPS, redirecting visitors to a site set up by the group. ](/news/2011/09/5/turkish-hackers-gain-access-to-the-websites-of-several-companies-including-vodafone-the-daily-telegraph-and-ups-redirecting-visitors-to.md) _Context: Daily Telegraph_
5. [The British Press Complaints Commission has ruled that the "Daily Telegraph" breached rules on the use of subterfuge when it sent reporters to secretly tape Liberal Democrat ministers, including Secretary of State for Business Vince Cable, late last year. ](/news/2011/05/10/the-british-press-complaints-commission-has-ruled-that-the-daily-telegraph-breached-rules-on-the-use-of-subterfuge-when-it-sent-reporters.md) _Context: Daily Telegraph_
6. [The "Daily Telegraph" publishes further details of taped conversations with Liberal Democrat MPs, which include comments that British Prime Minister David Cameron cannot be trusted and Chancellor George Osborne has "a capacity to get up one's nose". ](/news/2010/12/23/the-daily-telegraph-publishes-further-details-of-taped-conversations-with-liberal-democrat-mps-which-include-comments-that-british-prime.md) _Context: Daily Telegraph_
7. [The family of Terry Jupp claim that the Ministry of Defence did not use "stringent procedures" during the secretive explosive experiment on an island in the Thames Estuary that led to his death. ](/news/2010/08/3/the-family-of-terry-jupp-claim-that-the-ministry-of-defence-did-not-use-stringent-procedures-during-the-secretive-explosive-experiment-on.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence_
8. [The UK Ministry of Defence unveils "Taranis", its new long-range unmanned plane intended to damage enemy territory. Tests are due to begin in 2011. ](/news/2010/07/12/the-uk-ministry-of-defence-unveils-taranis-its-new-long-range-unmanned-plane-intended-to-damage-enemy-territory-tests-are-due-to-begin-i.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence_
9. [ Police in riot gear surround a hotel in Harare housing foreign journalists. New York Times correspondent Barry Bearak, Daily Telegraph correspondent Stephen Bevan, and two others are arrested. ](/news/2008/04/3/police-in-riot-gear-surround-a-hotel-in-harare-housing-foreign-journalists-new-york-times-correspondent-barry-bearak-daily-telegraph-corr.md) _Context: Daily Telegraph_
10. [ The British Ministry of Defence announces that Prince Harry will have to return home from his deployment in Afghanistan as recent publicity made it too dangerous for him to stay there. ](/news/2008/02/29/the-british-ministry-of-defence-announces-that-prince-harry-will-have-to-return-home-from-his-deployment-in-afghanistan-as-recent-publicity.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence_
