### [2011-10-22](/news/2011/10/22/index.md)

# Morocco, Togo, Guatemala and Pakistan are elected to the United Nations Security Council, with a fifth seat still undecided. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2011/10/21/us/un-security-council-vote/)

### Related:

1. [United Nations Security Council members are considering a draft resolution that would restore the UN mission in Western Sahara to full functionality. Last month, Morocco expelled 75 UN staffers. ](/news/2016/04/27/united-nations-security-council-members-are-considering-a-draft-resolution-that-would-restore-the-un-mission-in-western-sahara-to-full-funct.md) _Context: Morocco, United Nations Security Council_
2. [Afghanistan President Ashraf Ghani says Pakistan must take military action against Taliban, operating from Pakistan, who are waging an increasingly deadly insurgency across his country. Otherwise, "... we will be forced to turn to the UN Security Council and start serious diplomatic efforts." ](/news/2016/04/25/afghanistan-president-ashraf-ghani-says-pakistan-must-take-military-action-against-taliban-operating-from-pakistan-who-are-waging-an-incre.md) _Context: Pakistan, United Nations Security Council_
3. [ Venezuela and Guatemala have agreed to withdraw from the race for a seat on the United Nations Security Council; both agreeing to support Panama after 47 rounds of voting. ](/news/2006/11/1/venezuela-and-guatemala-have-agreed-to-withdraw-from-the-race-for-a-seat-on-the-united-nations-security-council-both-agreeing-to-support-p.md) _Context: Guatemala, United Nations Security Council_
4. [ Experts and officials from Interpol and 19 countries met Tuesday in Burkina Faso to elaborate a strategy to combat terrorism and crime in Africa. Countries participating included France, the United States, Britain, Morocco, Algeria, Egypt, Turkey, Senegal, Burkina Faso, Chad, Sudan, Cte d'Ivoire, Lesotho, Zimbabwe, Cambodia, Benin, Burundi, Togo and Mauritania. ](/news/2004/09/22/experts-and-officials-from-interpol-and-19-countries-met-tuesday-in-burkina-faso-to-elaborate-a-strategy-to-combat-terrorism-and-crime-in-a.md) _Context: Morocco, Togo_
5. [ Darfur Conflict: The United Nations Security Council passes a resolution threatening Sudan with sanctions if it does not act to control the Arab militias accused of genocide in Darfur. The resolution passes 11&ndash;0, with the People's Republic of China, Russia, Pakistan, and Algeria abstaining. ](/news/2004/09/18/darfur-conflict-the-united-nations-security-council-passes-a-resolution-threatening-sudan-with-sanctions-if-it-does-not-act-to-control-the.md) _Context: Pakistan, United Nations Security Council_
6. [ 2003 occupation of Iraq: U.S. concessions to proposals from Russia, the China and Pakistan ensure their support for a United Nations Security Council resolution to provide greater international legitimacy to the occupation force and the Iraq Interim Governing Council. The resolution draft, legitimizing US military and political control over Iraq's political future, was already supported by United Kingdom, Spain, Cameroon, Bulgaria, Angola, Mexico, Chile and Guinea. Russia agrees to act as a mediator to achieve support for the compromise also from Germany and France.](/news/2003/10/15/2003-occupation-of-iraq-u-s-concessions-to-proposals-from-russia-the-china-and-pakistan-ensure-their-support-for-a-united-nations-securi.md) _Context: Pakistan, United Nations Security Council_
7. [The Philippines suspends trade relations with North Korea to comply with a recent United Nations Security Council resolution over its repeated missile tests. ](/news/2017/09/8/the-philippines-suspends-trade-relations-with-north-korea-to-comply-with-a-recent-united-nations-security-council-resolution-over-its-repeat.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
8. [For the second consecutive day, hundreds of thousands of Togolese protest against President Faure Gnassingbe's 50-year family dynasty. Parliament is set to consider presidential term limits when it reconvenes in October. ](/news/2017/09/7/for-the-second-consecutive-day-hundreds-of-thousands-of-togolese-protest-against-president-faure-gnassingba-c-s-50-year-family-dynasty-parl.md) _Context: Togo_
9. [The Venerable Rev. Father Stanley Rother, a priest of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Oklahoma City (born in Okarche, Oklahoma), is beatified at the Cox Convention Center in Oklahoma City by Cardinal Angelo Amato, head of the sainthood Congregation in the Roman Curia and Pope Francis's delegate. Rother, who became a missionary, was assassinated in July 1981 in the poor rural village of Santiago Atitlan, Guatemala, and is the first Catholic martyr born a citizen of the United States. ](/news/2017/09/23/the-venerable-rev-father-stanley-rother-a-priest-of-the-roman-catholic-archdiocese-of-oklahoma-city-born-in-okarche-oklahoma-is-beatif.md) _Context: Guatemala_
10. [A roadside bomb kills five people in Bajaur, Pakistan. ](/news/2017/09/17/a-roadside-bomb-kills-five-people-in-bajaur-pakistan.md) _Context: Pakistan_
