### [2011-10-22](/news/2011/10/22/index.md)

# North Korea agrees, for the first time in 6 years, to let the United States search for the remains of American soldiers killed during the Korean War. 

North Korea and the US agree on restarting efforts to recover the remains of US troops killed during the Korean War, after a six-year halt.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-pacific-15413272)

### Related:

1. [The UN Security Council holds a closed-door session to discuss new sanctions against North Korea following reports of an agreement on a draft resolution between the United States and China. North Korea announces plans to nullify the armistice agreement that ended the Korean War. ](/news/2013/03/5/the-un-security-council-holds-a-closed-door-session-to-discuss-new-sanctions-against-north-korea-following-reports-of-an-agreement-on-a-draf.md) _Context: Korean War, North Korea, United States_
2. [ The United States and South Korea increase their alert states after North Korea renounces the armistice that halted the Korean War in 1953. ](/news/2009/05/28/the-united-states-and-south-korea-increase-their-alert-states-after-north-korea-renounces-the-armistice-that-halted-the-korean-war-in-1953.md) _Context: Korean War, North Korea, United States_
3. [ North Korea and South Korea agree to seek talks with the People's Republic of China and the United States to reach a permanent peace agreement to formally end the Korean War. ](/news/2007/10/4/north-korea-and-south-korea-agree-to-seek-talks-with-the-people-s-republic-of-china-and-the-united-states-to-reach-a-permanent-peace-agreem.md) _Context: Korean War, North Korea, United States_
4. [North Korea-United States relations: American student Otto Warmbier, who returned to the United States after serving 17 months in the North Korean prison system dies after returning from North Korea last week in a comatose state. His family has accused the Government of North Korea of torturing him. ](/news/2017/06/19/north-korea-united-states-relations-american-student-otto-warmbier-who-returned-to-the-united-states-after-serving-17-months-in-the-nort.md) _Context: North Korea, United States_
5. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-east.md) _Context: North Korea, United States_
6. [North Korea-South Korea relations: The United States deploys parts of its Terminal High Altitude Area Defense in South Korea amidst high tension caused by North Korea's escalation of its missile and nuclear weapons programs. ](/news/2017/04/26/north-korea-south-korea-relations-the-united-states-deploys-parts-of-its-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-in-south-korea-amidst-high-t.md) _Context: North Korea, United States_
7. [China-North Korea relations: Air China suspends all flights to North Korea's capital Pyongyang amid rising tensions between North Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/04/14/china-north-korea-relations-air-china-suspends-all-flights-to-north-korea-s-capital-pyongyang-amid-rising-tensions-between-north-korea-an.md) _Context: North Korea, United States_
8. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea-United States relations: U.S.-based monitoring group 38 North says satellite imagery of North Korea's Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site indicates that preparation for a sixth nuclear weapons test is underway. ](/news/2017/04/13/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-united-states-relations-u-s-based-monitoring-group-38-north-says-satellite-imag.md) _Context: North Korea, United States_
9. [North Korea-United States relations: North Korea announces its readiness to declare war on the United States after the country previously stated that they felt threatened as U.S. military forces approach the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2017/04/11/north-korea-united-states-relations-north-korea-announces-its-readiness-to-declare-war-on-the-united-states-after-the-country-previously.md) _Context: North Korea, United States_
10. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: According to South Korean and United States officials, a missile test in North Korea ends in failure, with the missile exploding seconds after launch. ](/news/2017/03/22/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-according-to-south-korean-and-united-states-officials-a-missile-test-in-north-korea-ends-in-fa.md) _Context: North Korea, United States_
