### [2006-08-16](/news/2006/08/16/index.md)

#  John Mark Karr is arrested in Bangkok for the 1996 murder of U.S. child beauty queen JonBent Ramsey. 

An American expatriate school teacher told the public Thursday he was with JonBenet Ramsey when she died in what he called &#8220;an accident&#8221; a decade after the 6-year-old&#8217;s murder.


### Source:

1. [Denver Post](http://www.denverpost.com/news/ci_4190797)
2. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/14379566/)
3. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/2006-08-16-ramsey_x.htm?csp=34)
3. [Cover Image](http://media2.s-nbcnews.com/j/msnbc/Components/Photos/060817/060817_karr_hmed_1250a.standard.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ A coup d'tat occurs in Thailand, with tanks seen moving into place around government buildings in Bangkok. Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra declares a state of emergency in a TV broadcast from the United States, where he went for the United Nations General Assembly, but the transmission is reported to have been cut off. An announcement on Thai television declared that a "Council of Administrative Reform" with King Bhumibol Adulyadej as head of state had seized power in Bangkok and nearby provinces without any resistance. State TV stations are broadcasting messages of loyalty to the King, while international broadcast channels were blocked. ](/news/2006/09/19/a-coup-d-etat-occurs-in-thailand-with-tanks-seen-moving-into-place-around-government-buildings-in-bangkok-prime-minister-thaksin-shinawat.md) _Context: Bangkok, United States_
2. [ A DNA test of John Mark Karr does not match the DNA found on the body of JonBent Ramsey, and prosecutors in the U.S. state of Colorado say they will not charge Karr with murder. ](/news/2006/08/28/a-dna-test-of-john-mark-karr-does-not-match-the-dna-found-on-the-body-of-jonbenet-ramsey-and-prosecutors-in-the-u-s-state-of-colorado-say.md) _Context: John Mark Karr, JonBent Ramsey_
3. [ Thai police claim that John Mark Karr has confessed to the murder of JonBent Ramsey. Karr tells reporters after the press conference that he was with the child when she died but didn't mean to kill her. ](/news/2006/08/17/thai-police-claim-that-john-mark-karr-has-confessed-to-the-murder-of-jonbenet-ramsey-karr-tells-reporters-after-the-press-conference-that.md) _Context: John Mark Karr, JonBent Ramsey_
4. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: United States_
5. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: United States_
6. [United States Senator Susan Collins says she will vote "no" on the Graham-Cassidy bill joining Senators John McCain and Rand Paul and possibly ending the ongoing efforts to repeal Obamacare. ](/news/2017/09/25/united-states-senator-susan-collins-says-she-will-vote-no-on-the-graham-cassidy-bill-joining-senators-john-mccain-and-rand-paul-and-possib.md) _Context: United States_
7. [North Korea says that the recent flight of U.S. aircraft off the coast of North Korea amounts to a declaration of war. ](/news/2017/09/25/north-korea-says-that-the-recent-flight-of-u-s-aircraft-off-the-coast-of-north-korea-amounts-to-a-declaration-of-war.md) _Context: United States_
8. [Facebook agrees to disclose ads that ran in the U.S. in 2016 from accounts associated with a Russian entity known as the Internet Research Agency to United States Congressional investigators. Earlier, this information was provided to Special Counsel Robert Mueller. ](/news/2017/09/21/facebook-agrees-to-disclose-ads-that-ran-in-the-u-s-in-2016-from-accounts-associated-with-a-russian-entity-known-as-the-internet-research-a.md) _Context: United States_
9. [The United States stops giving out visas to high ranking officials of Cambodia, Eritrea, Guinea and Sierra Leone for failing to accept deportations. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-stops-giving-out-visas-to-high-ranking-officials-of-cambodia-eritrea-guinea-and-sierra-leone-for-failing-to-accept-depor.md) _Context: United States_
10. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pelosi.md) _Context: United States_
