### [2000-01-19](/news/2000/01/19/index.md)

# The Charleston Five are brought up of felony charges of conspiracy to invite a riot in Charleston, South Carolina.




### Related:

1. [Charleston church shooting: Dylann Roof is convicted of the racially motivated murder of nine black churchgoers in the U.S. city of Charleston, South Carolina. ](/news/2016/12/15/charleston-church-shooting-dylann-roof-is-convicted-of-the-racially-motivated-murder-of-nine-black-churchgoers-in-the-u-s-city-of-charlest.md) _Context: Charleston, South Carolina_
2. [Tropical Storm Bonnie makes landfall on the East Coast of the United States, affecting mainly the city of Charleston, South Carolina. ](/news/2016/05/29/tropical-storm-bonnie-makes-landfall-on-the-east-coast-of-the-united-states-affecting-mainly-the-city-of-charleston-south-carolina.md) _Context: Charleston, South Carolina_
3. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season: The United States National Hurricane Center issues a tropical storm warning for parts of South Carolina as the newly upgraded Tropical Storm Bonnie, at 5 p.m. EDT about 125 miles from Charleston, South Carolina, moves northwest toward the Atlantic Coast. ](/news/2016/05/28/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-the-united-states-national-hurricane-center-issues-a-tropical-storm-warning-for-parts-of-south-carolina-as-t.md) _Context: Charleston, South Carolina_
4. [Charleston church shooting: Dylann Roof, the suspect in the murder of nine people in the American city of Charleston, South Carolina, is indicted on dozens of federal offenses including hate crimes. ](/news/2015/07/22/charleston-church-shooting-dylann-roof-the-suspect-in-the-murder-of-nine-people-in-the-american-city-of-charleston-south-carolina-is-ind.md) _Context: Charleston, South Carolina_
5. [Charleston church shooting: Nine people are dead following a mass shooting at the Emanuel African Methodist Episcopal Church in Charleston, South Carolina. ](/news/2015/06/17/charleston-church-shooting-nine-people-are-dead-following-a-mass-shooting-at-the-emanuel-african-methodist-episcopal-church-in-charleston.md) _Context: Charleston, South Carolina_
6. [2015 Pulitzer Prize: The Pulitzer Prize awards are presented, with the "The Post and Courier" of Charleston, South Carolina winning the prestigious gold medal for public service for a series on domestic violence in the US state of South Carolina. [http://www.nytimes.com/2015/04/21/business/media/pulitzer-prize-winners-2015.html ("New York Times")]: Anthony Doerr's World War II novel "All the Light We Cannot See" wins the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. [http://edition.cnn.com/2015/04/20/living/feat-pulitzer-prize-winners-arts-letters-2015/ (CNN)]: Elizabeth Kolbert's "The Sixth Extinction: An Unnatural History" was a winner of the Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction](/news/2015/04/20/2015-pulitzer-prize-the-pulitzer-prize-awards-are-presented-with-the-the-post-and-courier-of-charleston-south-carolina-winning-the-pres.md) _Context: Charleston, South Carolina_
7. [U.S. scientists plan to rotate the Confederate submarine, the "H. L. Hunley", buried in the outer harbour of Charleston, South Carolina so that they can examine it more closely. ](/news/2010/08/6/u-s-scientists-plan-to-rotate-the-confederate-submarine-the-h-l-hunley-buried-in-the-outer-harbour-of-charleston-south-carolina-so-t.md) _Context: Charleston, South Carolina_
8. [ Democratic Party candidates in the 2008 United States presidential election participate in the YouTube debate in Charleston, South Carolina. ](/news/2007/07/23/democratic-party-candidates-in-the-2008-united-states-presidential-election-participate-in-the-youtube-debate-in-charleston-south-carolina.md) _Context: Charleston, South Carolina_
9. [ Nine firefighters are killed in a collapse at a furniture warehouse blaze in Charleston, South Carolina, the largest loss of firefighters in the United States in one incident since the collapse of the World Trade Center in 2001.](/news/2007/06/18/nine-firefighters-are-killed-in-a-collapse-at-a-furniture-warehouse-blaze-in-charleston-south-carolina-the-largest-loss-of-firefighters-i.md) _Context: Charleston, South Carolina_
