### [2017-01-3](/news/2017/01/3/index.md)

# 115th United States Congress: The Republican-led U.S. House of Representatives cancels plans approved on Monday, following widespread criticism, including a tweet by President-elect Trump, that would have weakened the House's independent ethics watchdog, the Office of Congressional Ethics. 

The president-elect took to Twitter to criticize the move against an independent ethics panel.


### Source:

1. [AP via KYTV](http://www.ky3.com/content/news/Paul-Ryan-re-elected-as-speaker-409563525.html)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2017/01/02/politics/office-of-congressional-ethics-oversight-of-ethics-committee-amendment/)
3. [Politico](http://www.politico.com/story/2017/01/paul-ryan-easily-wins-reelection-as-speaker-of-the-house-233139)
4. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/powerpost/gop-to-start-on-ambitious-conservative-agenda-as-congress-convenes-today/2017/01/03/6117cbe2-d1a1-11e6-945a-76f69a399dd5_story.html)

### Related:

1. [115th United States Congress: The United States House of Representatives pass a bill ending Dodd-Frank regulations. The bill now goes to the Senate where it is expected to not go through. ](/news/2017/06/8/115th-united-states-congress-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-pass-a-bill-ending-dodd-frank-regulations-the-bill-now-goes-to-t.md) _Context: 115th United States Congress, United States House of Representatives_
2. [Efforts to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act: American Health Care Act of 2017: The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/efforts-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-american-health-care-act-of-2017-the-republican-controlled-united-states.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
3. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017: Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia. ](/news/2017/04/18/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
4. [An act to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act: A leaked memo from House Republicans reveals cutting provisions from Obamacare such as Medicaid expansions and subsidies for health insurance. ](/news/2017/02/25/an-act-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-a-leaked-memo-from-house-republicans-reveals-cutting-provisions-from-obamac.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
5. [Members of the Republican party in the United States House of Representatives nominate Paul Ryan of Wisconsin to replace John Boehner of Ohio as Speaker of the House. There will be a formal vote Thursday on the House floor. ](/news/2015/10/28/members-of-the-republican-party-in-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-nominate-paul-ryan-of-wisconsin-to-replace-john-boehner-of-ohi.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
6. [Rep. Thaddeus McCotter, R-Mich., announces his resignation from the United States House of Representatives. ](/news/2012/07/6/rep-thaddeus-mccotter-r-mich-announces-his-resignation-from-the-united-states-house-of-representatives.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
7. [Veteran Ohio Congressman Dennis Kucinich is defeated in a Democrat primary in the 9th district by incumbent Marcia C. Kaptur after he was affected by redistricting - Samuel Wurzelbacher aka Joe the Plumber wins the Republican Party primary. ](/news/2012/03/6/veteran-ohio-congressman-dennis-kucinich-is-defeated-in-a-democrat-primary-in-the-9th-district-by-incumbent-marcia-c-kaptur-after-he-was-af.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
8. [Incumbent Ohio Congresswoman Jean Schmidt is defeated in the Republican primary in the 2nd district by Brad Wenstrup. ](/news/2012/03/6/incumbent-ohio-congresswoman-jean-schmidt-is-defeated-in-the-republican-primary-in-the-2nd-district-by-brad-wenstrup.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
9. [Republicans in the United States House of Representatives announce they will delay a vote on extending the debt ceiling until Thursday due to concerns over level of proposed savings not being sufficient. ](/news/2011/07/27/republicans-in-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-announce-they-will-delay-a-vote-on-extending-the-debt-ceiling-until-thursday-due-t.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
10. [Rep Michele Bachmann announces mid-debate that she will seek the Republican Party nomination for President of the United States. ](/news/2011/06/13/rep-michele-bachmann-announces-mid-debate-that-she-will-seek-the-republican-party-nomination-for-president-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
