### [2017-01-3](/news/2017/01/3/index.md)

# Ford announces that it has cancelled plans to build a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico, long criticized by U.S. President-elect Donald Trump, and will invest $700 million in its Michigan plant in Flat Rock, potentially creating 700 new jobs from the investment and expansion of the plant. 

Ford Motor Company on Tuesday announced plans to cancel the building of a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico and instead invest $700 million in a Michigan assembly plant, directly tying the decision to “pro-growth policies” championed by President-elect Donald Trump.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://money.cnn.com/2017/01/03/news/economy/ford-700-jobs-trump/index.html)
2. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/01/03/ford-to-scrap-mexico-plant-invest-in-michigan-due-to-trump-policies.html)

### Related:

1. [Mexico-United States wall. United States President Donald Trump plans on adding solar panels to his proposed border wall with Mexico. ](/news/2017/06/22/mexico-united-states-wall-united-states-president-donald-trump-plans-on-adding-solar-panels-to-his-proposed-border-wall-with-mexico.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Mexico_
2. [2017 dismissal of U.S. attorneys. United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions requests the resignations of 46 Barack Obama-era chief federal prosecutors, including United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara, who was previously told to stay on by then President-elect Donald Trump in November. ](/news/2017/03/10/2017-dismissal-of-u-s-attorneys-united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-requests-the-resignations-of-46-barack-obama-era-chief-federa.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect_
3. [2017 Mexico-United States diplomatic crisis. Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto rejects the idea, announced by U.S. President Donald Trump, that Mexico would pay for any border wall between the United States and his country. ](/news/2017/01/25/2017-mexico-united-states-diplomatic-crisis-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-rejects-the-idea-announced-by-u-s-president-donald-tr.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Mexico_
4. [ President-elect of the United States Donald Trump holds his first post-election press conference in New York City. ](/news/2017/01/11/president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-holds-his-first-post-election-press-conference-in-new-york-city.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect_
5. [ After a meeting with President-elect of the United States Donald Trump, Masayoshi Son of SoftBank Group pledges to invest $50 billion in the United States and create 50,000 jobs. ](/news/2016/12/6/after-a-meeting-with-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-masayoshi-son-of-softbank-group-pledges-to-invest-50-billion-in-th.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect_
6. [China-United States relations. The People's Republic of China lodges a complaint with the United States after President-elect of the United States Donald Trump speaks with President of Taiwan Tsai Ing-wen. The PRC and the United States view Taiwan as a breakaway province. ](/news/2016/12/3/china-united-states-relations-the-people-s-republic-of-china-lodges-a-complaint-with-the-united-states-after-president-elect-of-the-unite.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect_
7. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump. President-elect Donald Trump names Carl Icahn as the Special Advisor to the President on Regulatory Reform. ](/news/2016/12/21/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-donald-trump-names-carl-icahn-as-the-special-advisor-to-the-president-on-regulatory.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect_
8. [Taiwan-United States relations. United States President-elect Donald Trump holds a telephone conversation with Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen, the first known contact between a U.S. president or president-elect with a Taiwanese leader since the United States recognized the People's Republic of China in 1979. ](/news/2016/12/2/taiwan-united-states-relations-united-states-president-elect-donald-trump-holds-a-telephone-conversation-with-taiwanese-president-tsai-in.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect_
9. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump. President-elect Donald Trump formally announces ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson as his choice for United States Secretary of State. ](/news/2016/12/13/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-donald-trump-formally-announces-exxonmobil-ceo-rex-tillerson-as-his-choice-for-unit.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect_
10. [One-China policy. China-United States relations. President-elect Donald Trump says he sees no reason why the U.S. should continue to abide by the One China policy unless a bargain is reached with Beijing involving trade. ](/news/2016/12/12/one-china-policy-china-united-states-relations-president-elect-donald-trump-says-he-sees-no-reason-why-the-u-s-should-continue-to-abide.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect_
