### [2004-12-18](/news/2004/12/18/index.md)

#  Palestinians fire several Qassam rockets at the civilian town Sderot and the northern Negev, causing damage but no casualties. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/4107391.stm)
2. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/515606.html)

### Related:

1. [ At least three Qassam rockets landed in the western Negev, despite Israel Defense Forces' Operation Blue Skies. At least one Qassam rocket landed in Sderot, in which the Red Dawn alert system was activated around 15:30. Two Qassam rockets landed in an open area near Israeli communities in the western Negev. In all the cases there were no injuries. ](/news/2006/01/1/at-least-three-qassam-rockets-landed-in-the-western-negev-despite-israel-defense-forces-operation-blue-skies-at-least-one-qassam-rocket.md) _Context: Negev, Qassam rocket, Sderot_
2. [Israel Defense Forces jets attack targets in the Gaza Strip following a Qassam rocket fired at the Negev in Israel on Saturday night. ](/news/2010/08/1/israel-defense-forces-jets-attack-targets-in-the-gaza-strip-following-a-qassam-rocket-fired-at-the-negev-in-israel-on-saturday-night.md) _Context: Negev, Qassam rocket_
3. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict: A total of seven rockets were fired from the Gaza Strip and landed in western Negev. Another rocket landed in Sderot and killed an Israeli woman. In response, the IAF also fired missiles in an air strike at a munitions base, and secondary explosions were reported after the strike. The air strike wounded seven people in the attack on Jabaliya, Gaza City, according to local residents and hospital officials.](/news/2007/05/22/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-a-total-of-seven-rockets-were-fired-from-the-gaza-strip-and-landed-in-western-negev-another-rocket-landed-in-sd.md) _Context: Negev, Sderot_
4. [ Three Israeli civilians are wounded when a Qassam rocket lands in a basketball court in Sderot. More than fifteen rockets land in Israeli towns on Friday, in spite of an Israeli raid in the northern Gaza Strip. ](/news/2006/07/7/three-israeli-civilians-are-wounded-when-a-qassam-rocket-lands-in-a-basketball-court-in-sderot-more-than-fifteen-rockets-land-in-israeli-t.md) _Context: Qassam rocket, Sderot_
5. [ Hamas militants launch ten Qassam rockets against Sderot and Ashkelon, causing damage in residential areas but no casualties. Israel Air Force strikes kill five militants and one civilian in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2006/07/16/hamas-militants-launch-ten-qassam-rockets-against-sderot-and-ashkelon-causing-damage-in-residential-areas-but-no-casualties-israel-air-fo.md) _Context: Qassam rocket, Sderot_
6. [ Members of the militant wing of Mahmoud Abbas's Fatah party, Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, claim they have launched a chemical-tipped missile at the Israeli town of Sderot. The same group has recently claimed to possess about 20 biological warheads for Qassam rockets fired daily at Israeli towns. The Israeli Army says they have not detected a launch of any such rocket, nor received reports of such a weapon hitting Israel. At least four Qassam rockets are launched against Israeli towns on Wednesday. ](/news/2006/06/28/members-of-the-militant-wing-of-mahmoud-abbas-s-fatah-party-al-aqsa-martyrs-brigades-claim-they-have-launched-a-chemical-tipped-missile.md) _Context: Qassam rocket, Sderot_
7. [ The Israeli town of Sderot shuts down for 24 hours in protest of continuing Qassam rocket attacks. More than six hundred Qassam rockets were launched against Israeli towns since Israel's disengagement from the Gaza Strip, a hundred of which in the past week. One rocket left parts of Sderot without electricity for several hours this morning.](/news/2006/06/18/the-israeli-town-of-sderot-shuts-down-for-24-hours-in-protest-of-continuing-qassam-rocket-attacks-more-than-six-hundred-qassam-rockets-wer.md) _Context: Qassam rocket, Sderot_
8. [ Two Qassam rockets fired out of the Gaza Strip by Palestinian militants landed near the southern Israeli town of Sderot. [http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3133122,00.html (YNETnews)],[http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1124938373544 (The Jerusalem Post)] Two mortar rockets were fired from Lebanon towards Israel, one of which struck a chicken coop in the Northern Galilee Moshav of Margaliot, while the other landed in Lebanese territory. Nobody was reported injured. [http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3133122,00.html (YNETnews)],[http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1124938373544 (The Jerusalem Post)] Later reports suggest that for the first time, Hizb Allah test-fires an Iranian medium-range rocket near the Lebanese border with Israel. One of the three 240 mm Fajr-3 rockets, launched about six kilometers north of the border, landed in Israel and the other two fell inside Lebanon. ([http://menewsline.com/stories/2005/august/08_29_1.html MENL])](/news/2005/08/25/two-qassam-rockets-fired-out-of-the-gaza-strip-by-palestinian-militants-landed-near-the-southern-israeli-town-of-sderot-http-www-ynetne.md) _Context: Qassam rocket, Sderot_
9. [ A Palestinian-fired Qassam rocket hits a cemetery in the Israeli town of Sderot, causing minimal damage and no injuries. Israeli Defence Minister Shaul Mofaz says Israel will not let it pass and criticises the PA's lack of action. This is the first rocket fired inside the carrot-shaped "Green line" since late January. ](/news/2005/04/7/a-palestinian-fired-qassam-rocket-hits-a-cemetery-in-the-israeli-town-of-sderot-causing-minimal-damage-and-no-injuries-israeli-defence-mi.md) _Context: Qassam rocket, Sderot_
10. [ An Israeli unmanned drone attempts to kill two suspected Hamas militants in Khan Yunis allegedly on their way to launch an attack on Israelis in Gush Katif with mortar weapons. An Israeli tank fires a shell in Khan Yunis wounding at least nine Palestinians, including a 13-year-old boy. IDF officials say they were opening fire at the source of Qassam rockets fired by Palestinians that landed in Neve Dekalim. No injuries are reported from the Qassam rocket attacks. ](/news/2004/12/28/an-israeli-unmanned-drone-attempts-to-kill-two-suspected-hamas-militants-in-khan-yunis-allegedly-on-their-way-to-launch-an-attack-on-israel.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Qassam rocket_
