### [2016-12-3](/news/2016/12/3/index.md)

# 2016 United States presidential election recounts. Jill Stein, the 2016 presidential candidate for the Green Party, withdraws her lawsuit in the Commonwealth Court of Pennsylvania for a statewide recount of votes in Pennsylvania due to the cost. 




### Source:

1. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2016/12/03/504285672/jill-stein-campaign-drops-her-recount-effort-in-pennsylvania)

### Related:

1. [2016 United States presidential election recount and audit. The campaign of Republican president-elect Donald Trump has called the planned recounts by Green nominee Jill Stein's campaign in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Michigan a "scam" and has criticized the participation of the campaign of Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2016/11/27/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recount-and-audit-the-campaign-of-republican-president-elect-donald-trump-has-called-the-planned.md) _Context: Green Party of the United States, Jill Stein, Pennsylvania_
2. [United States presidential election, 2016. Former Presidential Green Party candidate Jill Stein is seeking donations for recount efforts in Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin. ](/news/2016/11/24/united-states-presidential-election-2016-former-presidential-green-party-candidate-jill-stein-is-seeking-donations-for-recount-efforts-in.md) _Context: Green Party of the United States, Jill Stein, Pennsylvania_
3. [United States presidential election, 2016. Mark A. Goldsmith, a United States district judge on the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan ends a recount for the state of Michigan after a state court found that Green Party of the United States candidate Jill Stein had no standing to seek a recount. ](/news/2016/12/7/united-states-presidential-election-2016-mark-a-goldsmith-a-united-states-district-judge-on-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-eas.md) _Context: Green Party of the United States, Jill Stein_
4. [2016 United States presidential election recounts. Jill Stein's bid to force a recount of the presidential election results in the state of Pennsylvania is rejected by a federal judge. ](/news/2016/12/12/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recounts-jill-stein-s-bid-to-force-a-recount-of-the-presidential-election-results-in-the-state-of.md) _Context: 2016 United States presidential election recounts, Jill Stein_
5. [2016 United States presidential election recounts. The Jill Stein-initiated recounts begin in Wisconsin. ](/news/2016/12/1/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recounts-the-jill-stein-initiated-recounts-begin-in-wisconsin.md) _Context: 2016 United States presidential election recounts, Jill Stein_
6. [2016 United States presidential election recount and audit. The campaign of Jill Stein files for a recount in Pennsylvania and plans to do so in Michigan. ](/news/2016/11/28/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recount-and-audit-the-campaign-of-jill-stein-files-for-a-recount-in-pennsylvania-and-plans-to-do-s.md) _Context: Jill Stein, Pennsylvania_
7. [2016 United States presidential election recount and audit. The Clinton campaign announces it will participate in efforts to push for recounts by Jill Stein's campaign in Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. ](/news/2016/11/26/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recount-and-audit-the-clinton-campaign-announces-it-will-participate-in-efforts-to-push-for-recoun.md) _Context: Jill Stein, Pennsylvania_
8. [United States presidential election, 2016. Jill Stein's campaign to hold recounts in Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin receives grassroots support, having crowdfunded millions of dollars through private donations. ](/news/2016/11/25/united-states-presidential-election-2016-jill-stein-s-campaign-to-hold-recounts-in-michigan-pennsylvania-and-wisconsin-receives-grassroo.md) _Context: Jill Stein, Pennsylvania_
9. [The sheriff's department of Morton County, North Dakota, issues arrest warrants for United States Green Party presidential candidate, Jill Stein, and her running-mate, Ajamu Baraka on charges of criminal trespass and criminal mischief. The county sheriff's department says that Stein and Baraka vandalized equipment at a controversial pipeline construction site. ](/news/2016/09/7/the-sheriff-s-department-of-morton-county-north-dakota-issues-arrest-warrants-for-united-states-green-party-presidential-candidate-jill-s.md) _Context: Green Party of the United States, Jill Stein_
10. [United States presidential elections, 2016. Green Party presumptive presidential candidate Jill Stein invites Bernie Sanders to take over her place as the party's nominee. ](/news/2016/07/9/united-states-presidential-elections-2016-green-party-presumptive-presidential-candidate-jill-stein-invites-bernie-sanders-to-take-over-he.md) _Context: Green Party of the United States, Jill Stein_
