### [2016-12-3](/news/2016/12/3/index.md)

# Dakota Access Pipeline protests: Groups of U.S. military veterans join the protest as human shields against possible clashes between demonstrators and law enforcement when the United States Army Corps of Engineers' eviction deadline expires on Monday. They are building barracks for shelter in North Dakota's winter weather. 

U.S. military veterans were building barracks on Friday at a protest camp in North Dakota to support thousands of activists who have squared off against authorities in frigid conditions to oppose a multibillion-dollar pipeline project near a Native American reservation.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/dakota-pipeline-protests/brutal-winter-conditions-deepen-pipeline-protesters-resolve-n690791)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-north-dakota-pipeline-idUSKBN13R0WM)

### Related:

1. [Dakota Access Pipeline protests: The United States Army Corps of Engineers denies a permit for Energy Transfer Partners planned Dakota Access Pipeline running through North Dakota and will begin exploring alternative routes for the pipeline following weeks of protests. ](/news/2016/12/4/dakota-access-pipeline-protests-the-united-states-army-corps-of-engineers-denies-a-permit-for-energy-transfer-partners-planned-dakota-acces.md) _Context: Dakota Access Pipeline protests, North Dakota, United States Army Corps of Engineers_
2. [Dakota Access Pipeline protests: North Dakota Governor Jack Dalrymple issues an executive order which expels thousands of Native American and environmental protesters who are camped on the federal property that is near the site of the oil pipeline project which they oppose, saying that the "emergency evacuation" is necessary to protect them from harsh winter conditions. ](/news/2016/11/28/dakota-access-pipeline-protests-north-dakota-governor-jack-dalrymple-issues-an-executive-order-which-expels-thousands-of-native-american-an.md) _Context: Dakota Access Pipeline protests, North Dakota_
3. [Dakota Access Pipeline protests: The protestors in the area of the Dakota Access Pipeline are evicted, clearing the way for the oil pipeline through Canada and the United States to be built. ](/news/2017/02/23/dakota-access-pipeline-protests-the-protestors-in-the-area-of-the-dakota-access-pipeline-are-evicted-clearing-the-way-for-the-oil-pipeline.md) _Context: Dakota Access Pipeline protests_
4. [Operation Pillar of Defense:: An Israeli strike on a home in Gaza has killed at least 10 people, officials say, as Sunday became the deadliest day since Israel launched an operation against Hamas militants last week. Over 80 Israeli alleged terrorist targets were hit today by IDF bombs including rocket firing sites and weapon smuggling tunnels. The IDF releases a video showing rocket launching sites adjacent to a Mosque and accuses Hamas of using human shields. ](/news/2012/11/18/operation-pillar-of-defense-an-israeli-strike-on-a-home-in-gaza-has-killed-at-least-10-people-officials-say-as-sunday-became-the-deadlie.md) _Context: human shields_
5. [Bob Stenehjem, the Senate Majority Leader in the US state of North Dakota, is killed in an accident in Alaska. ](/news/2011/07/18/bob-stenehjem-the-senate-majority-leader-in-the-us-state-of-north-dakota-is-killed-in-an-accident-in-alaska.md) _Context: North Dakota_
6. [2011 Missouri River floods: Residents in North Dakota and South Dakota evacuate due to flooding of the Missouri River. ](/news/2011/06/3/2011-missouri-river-floods-residents-in-north-dakota-and-south-dakota-evacuate-due-to-flooding-of-the-missouri-river.md) _Context: North Dakota_
7. [The Souris River floods to record levels and overflows levee banks in the US town of Minot, North Dakota. ](/news/2011/06/24/the-souris-river-floods-to-record-levels-and-overflows-levee-banks-in-the-us-town-of-minot-north-dakota.md) _Context: North Dakota_
8. [Floods in Mississippi worsen, with the Army Corps of Engineers saying an area between Simmesport, Louisiana and Baton Rouge may be inundated under 20-30 feet of water. [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-504943_162-20061179-10391715.html "(CBS News)"]](/news/2011/05/9/floods-in-mississippi-worsen-with-the-army-corps-of-engineers-saying-an-area-between-simmesport-louisiana-and-baton-rouge-may-be-inundated.md) _Context: United States Army Corps of Engineers_
9. [The United States Army Corps of Engineers explodes a large part of a Mississippi River levee to protect the Illinois town of Cairo from floodwaters. ](/news/2011/05/2/the-united-states-army-corps-of-engineers-explodes-a-large-part-of-a-mississippi-river-levee-to-protect-the-illinois-town-of-cairo-from-floo.md) _Context: United States Army Corps of Engineers_
10. [2011 Mississippi River floods:: Mississippi River flooding worsens, with the Army Corps of Engineers saying an area between Simmesport, Louisiana and Baton Rouge will be submerged 20-30 feet, and 13% of US oil refinery output disrupted. ](/news/2011/05/10/2011-mississippi-river-floods-mississippi-river-flooding-worsens-with-the-army-corps-of-engineers-saying-an-area-between-simmesport-loui.md) _Context: United States Army Corps of Engineers_
