### [2006-02-22](/news/2006/02/22/index.md)

#  South Dakota Senate approves a bill that would purport to outlaw almost all forms of abortion. 




### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2006/02/22/national/22cnd-dakota.html)

### Related:

1. [Abortion in Chile. Chilean lawmakers have approved a bill that would legalize abortion in limited circumstances and end the socially conservative country's status as the last in South America with a blanket ban on the procedure. ](/news/2017/08/3/abortion-in-chile-chilean-lawmakers-have-approved-a-bill-that-would-legalize-abortion-in-limited-circumstances-and-end-the-socially-conserv.md) _Context: abortion_
2. [Politics of the United Kingdom. After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/politics-of-the-united-kingdom-after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-an.md) _Context: abortion_
3. [The Guatemalan army blockades a ship from the Dutch NGO Women on Waves that provides material for abortions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-guatemalan-army-blockades-a-ship-from-the-dutch-ngo-women-on-waves-that-provides-material-for-abortions.md) _Context: abortion_
4. [Presidency of Donald Trump. U.S. President Donald Trump issues executive orders to withdraw the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and reinstates the Mexico City Policy, a policy banning U.S. aid to foreign organizations that use funds from other sources to perform or discuss abortions, which Barack Obama scrapped in 2009. ](/news/2017/01/23/presidency-of-donald-trump-u-s-president-donald-trump-issues-executive-orders-to-withdraw-the-united-states-from-the-trans-pacific-partner.md) _Context: abortion_
5. [Police in China detain 75 people in connection with a service that determined the female gender of unborn babies for the purpose of abortion. Authorities say that at least 300 people were involved in the illegal service in the eastern Chinese province of Zhejiang. Expectant parents wanting male children smuggled fetal blood samples to Hong Kong for gender testing. China ended its one-child policy last year. ](/news/2016/10/15/police-in-china-detain-75-people-in-connection-with-a-service-that-determined-the-female-gender-of-unborn-babies-for-the-purpose-of-abortion.md) _Context: abortion_
6. [ The Oklahoma legislature passes a bill that would make it a felony for doctors to perform abortions and revokes the medical license of assisting physicians. The governor then vetoes the bill. ](/news/2016/05/20/the-oklahoma-legislature-passes-a-bill-that-would-make-it-a-felony-for-doctors-to-perform-abortions-and-revokes-the-medical-license-of-assi.md) _Context: abortion_
7. [Zika virus outbreak. Pope Francis indicates that contraceptives could be allowed, as the "lesser of two evils" vis-a-vis the sin of abortion, in addressing the life-threatening problem the Zika virus presents. He noted that Pope Paul VI, "in a difficult situation in Africa, permitted nuns to use contraceptives in cases of rape". ](/news/2016/02/18/zika-virus-outbreak-pope-francis-indicates-that-contraceptives-could-be-allowed-as-the-lesser-of-two-evils-vis-a-vis-the-sin-of-abortio.md) _Context: abortion_
8. [Pope Francis releases a letter granting priests the ability to grant absolution to women who have received an abortion. ](/news/2015/09/1/pope-francis-releases-a-letter-granting-priests-the-ability-to-grant-absolution-to-women-who-have-received-an-abortion.md) _Context: abortion_
9. [The United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit upholds a Texan law providing that abortion clinics meet the same standards as hospital style surgical clinics meaning that many abortion clinics must upgrade or close. ](/news/2015/06/9/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-fifth-circuit-upholds-a-texan-law-providing-that-abortion-clinics-meet-the-same-standards-as-hosp.md) _Context: abortion_
10. [The United States Senate unanimously passes a bill to combat human trafficking after a long delay caused by a dispute over abortion funding. ](/news/2015/04/22/the-united-states-senate-unanimously-passes-a-bill-to-combat-human-trafficking-after-a-long-delay-caused-by-a-dispute-over-abortion-funding.md) _Context: abortion_
