### [2006-05-13](/news/2006/05/13/index.md)

#  Chad: FUC spokesman Albissaty Saleh Allazam announces that none of the eight organizational members that make up the Chadian rebel alliance will end attacks on the Dby administration despite the recent peace deal between ARFWS and the Government of Sudan. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2006/WORLD/africa/05/12/ChadRebels.reut/index.html?section=cnn_latest)
2. [IRIN](http://www.irinnews.org/report.asp?ReportID=53330&SelectRegion=West_Africa&SelectCountry=CHAD-SUDAN)

### Related:

1. [ UFDC rebels attack the Chadian city of Ade and battle the Military of Chad. Both the UFDC and the Dby administration claim to have control over the city, stating that opposing forces have fled.  ](/news/2006/07/4/ufdc-rebels-attack-the-chadian-city-of-ade-and-battle-the-military-of-chad-both-the-ufdc-and-the-deby-administration-claim-to-have-control.md) _Context: Chad, UFDC, second Déby administration_
2. [ Human Rights Watch estimates that several hundred civilians in eastern Chad have been massacred by Sudanese Janjaweed and UFDC attacks in the past week alone. HRW also accuses the Government of Sudan of using child soldiers. HRW Africa Director Peter Takirambudde refers to the attacks as "havoc," and that civilians "are trapped between the carnage in Darfur and Chad's downward spiral into chaos." ](/news/2006/06/23/human-rights-watch-estimates-that-several-hundred-civilians-in-eastern-chad-have-been-massacred-by-sudanese-janjaweed-and-ufdc-attacks-in-t.md) _Context: Chad, Sudanese cabinet, UFDC_
3. [ The Government of Chad demands that the Security Council act to stop Janjaweed and UFDC incursions into Chad. ](/news/2006/06/21/the-government-of-chad-demands-that-the-security-council-act-to-stop-janjaweed-and-ufdc-incursions-into-chad.md) _Context: Chad, UFDC, second Déby administration_
4. [ Chadian Information Minister Hourmadji Moussa Doumgor accuses the Government of Sudan of facilitating a new alliance between the Mahamat Nour's UFDC and the defected troops of Mahamat Nouri against the Dby administration. Neither group has confirmed or denied the merger. ](/news/2006/05/16/chadian-information-minister-hourmadji-moussa-doumgor-accuses-the-government-of-sudan-of-facilitating-a-new-alliance-between-the-mahamat-no.md) _Context: Chad, Sudanese cabinet, UFDC_
5. [ The Government of Chad renews accusations of Sudanese support for attacks by the UFDC into eastern Chad, despite the recent signing of the Tripoli Accord and the successful formation of the ministerial committee. Sudan has accused Chad of supporting ARFWS rebels in the past, and Chad is believed to have stepped up support in light of recent attacks. ](/news/2006/03/8/the-government-of-chad-renews-accusations-of-sudanese-support-for-attacks-by-the-ufdc-into-eastern-chad-despite-the-recent-signing-of-the.md) _Context: ARFWS, UFDC, second Déby administration_
6. [ The Deby administration of Chad establishes official relations with the People's Republic of China. Chad had recognized the Republic of China (Taiwan) from 1997-2006. Chadian diplomats cited the prospects of greater financial investments and the PRC status in the United Nations Security Council as the principal factors motivating the diplomatic shift. ](/news/2006/08/6/the-da-c-by-administration-of-chad-establishes-official-relations-with-the-people-s-republic-of-china-chad-had-recognized-the-republic-of-ch.md) _Context: Chad, second Déby administration_
7. [ The governments of Chad and Sudan sign an accord officially ending the Chadian-Sudanese conflict. The deal has many provisions similar to that of the Tripoli Accord, which Sudan has violated four times by aiding Janjaweed, UFDC, and anti-Boziz rebels and genocidaires. ](/news/2006/07/26/the-governments-of-chad-and-sudan-sign-an-accord-officially-ending-the-chadian-sudanese-conflict-the-deal-has-many-provisions-similar-to-t.md) _Context: UFDC, second Déby administration_
8. [ Janjaweed militants cross the Sudanese border into Chad and attack the villages of Boroto, Ade, and Moudaina, killing nine and seriously wounding three others. Chad once again warns Sudan that it will retaliate for attacks by Janjaweed and UFDC rebel attacks. ](/news/2006/01/6/janjaweed-militants-cross-the-sudanese-border-into-chad-and-attack-the-villages-of-boroto-ade-and-moudaina-killing-nine-and-seriously-wo.md) _Context: Chad, UFDC_
9. [The Extraordinary African Chambers tribunal in Dakar, Senegal, upholds its conviction of former Chadian president Hissene Habre for crimes against humanity, but acquits him of rape. ](/news/2017/04/27/the-extraordinary-african-chambers-tribunal-in-dakar-senegal-upholds-its-conviction-of-former-chadian-president-hissa-ne-habra-c-for-crimes.md) _Context: Chad_
10. [Arms trader Jacques Monsieur is to defend himself again at a Brussels court against accusations of arms trafficking to Libya, Chad, Guinea-Bissau, Pakistan and Iran between 2006 and 2009. ](/news/2017/04/21/arms-trader-jacques-monsieur-is-to-defend-himself-again-at-a-brussels-court-against-accusations-of-arms-trafficking-to-libya-chad-guinea-b.md) _Context: Chad_
