### [2006-05-13](/news/2006/05/13/index.md)

#  CIA officials try to get the case of Khalid El-Masri, who says he was abducted and tortured, dismissed as it "could undermine U.S. relations with foreign countries". 




### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2006/05/13/washington/13rendition.html?_r=1&oref=slogin)
2. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2006/05/12/AR2006051201018.html)
2. [Cover Image](https://static01.nyt.com/images/icons/t_logo_291_black.png)

### Related:

1. [ Germany has ordered the arrest of 13 suspected CIA agents over the alleged kidnapping of Khalid El-Masri. ](/news/2007/01/31/germany-has-ordered-the-arrest-of-13-suspected-cia-agents-over-the-alleged-kidnapping-of-khalid-el-masri.md) _Context: CIA, Khalid El-Masri, extraordinary rendition_
2. [ The case of Khaled el-Masri, who says he was abducted and tortured by the CIA because he was mistaken for another person, is dismissed by a district court in Alexandria, Virginia, as it would be a "grave risk" of damage to U.S. national security by exposing government secrets. The court rules that if the claims are true he "deserves a remedy" but this cannot be found in the court. ](/news/2006/05/19/the-case-of-khaled-el-masri-who-says-he-was-abducted-and-tortured-by-the-cia-because-he-was-mistaken-for-another-person-is-dismissed-by-a.md) _Context: CIA, extraordinary rendition, torture_
3. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Khalid El-Masri, a German citizen, was an innocent victim of extraordinary rendition by the Central Intelligence Agency and orders Macedonia to pay him EUR60,000 after it arrested him and sent him to the CIA. CIA agents then transferred him to a detention facility in Afghanistan. ](/news/2012/12/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-khalid-el-masri-a-german-citizen-was-an-innocent-victim-of-extraordinary-rendition-by-the-ce.md) _Context: Khalid El-Masri, extraordinary rendition_
4. [ An Italian court convicts 22 CIA agents and 2 Italian agents over the kidnap of Muslim cleric Hassan Mustafa Osama Nasr in Milan in 2003, in the first court case challenging the CIA's "extraordinary rendition" programme. ](/news/2009/11/4/an-italian-court-convicts-22-cia-agents-and-2-italian-agents-over-the-kidnap-of-muslim-cleric-hassan-mustafa-osama-nasr-in-milan-in-2003-i.md) _Context: CIA, extraordinary rendition_
5. [ A judicial panel in Canada finds that Canadian citizen Maher Arar was falsely accused when he was secretly extradited by the United States to Syria, and that he was tortured there. ](/news/2006/09/19/a-judicial-panel-in-canada-finds-that-canadian-citizen-maher-arar-was-falsely-accused-when-he-was-secretly-extradited-by-the-united-states.md) _Context: extraordinary rendition, torture_
6. [ Extraordinary renditions. The Bundesnachrichtendienst (German intelligence agency) declares that it had known of Khalid El-Masri's seizure 16 months before Germany was officially informed of his mistaken arrest in the name of the War on Terror. Germany had previously claimed that it did not know of el-Masri's abduction by the CIA and his stay in the Salt Pit in Afghanistan until his return to the country in May 2004 ](/news/2006/06/1/extraordinary-renditions-the-bundesnachrichtendienst-german-intelligence-agency-declares-that-it-had-known-of-khalid-el-masri-s-seizure.md) _Context: Khalid El-Masri, extraordinary rendition_
7. [ The United Nations Committee Against Torture tells the United States it should close any secret prisons abroad and the Guantnamo Bay facility in Cuba, saying they violate international law. It also calls for the US not to use interrogation techniques that amount to torture and to stop the practice of "extraordinary renditions". ](/news/2006/05/19/the-united-nations-committee-against-torture-tells-the-united-states-it-should-close-any-secret-prisons-abroad-and-the-guantanamo-bay-facil.md) _Context: extraordinary rendition, torture_
8. [ The European Parliament committee examining the claims of para-legal deportations of individuals for torture-based questioning, known as "extraordinary renditions", reports that it has CIA confirmation that between 30 and 50 individuals underwent such deportations to seven "black sites" in Asia, Europe and Africa. Those in Europe have reportedly been closed down following the public outcry, but there is still one such site operating in a North African country. ](/news/2006/05/18/the-european-parliament-committee-examining-the-claims-of-para-legal-deportations-of-individuals-for-torture-based-questioning-known-as-e.md) _Context: CIA, extraordinary rendition_
9. [The CIA has concluded that Russia actively tried to help Donald Trump win the 2016 U.S. presidential election. ](/news/2016/12/9/the-cia-has-concluded-that-russia-actively-tried-to-help-donald-trump-win-the-2016-u-s-presidential-election.md) _Context: CIA_
10. [Female victims of the martial law dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos speak at the Philippine Supreme Court about how they endured torture during Marcos' regime. ](/news/2016/09/1/female-victims-of-the-martial-law-dictatorship-of-ferdinand-marcos-speak-at-the-philippine-supreme-court-about-how-they-endured-torture-duri.md) _Context: torture_
