### [2006-05-13](/news/2006/05/13/index.md)

#  George Seitz, a Labor Party Member of the state Legislative Assembly in Victoria, Australia, is accused of running an elaborate branch stacking operation to manipulate results in state and federal elections and pre-selections. 




### Source:

1. [The Age](http://www.theage.com.au/news/national/man-behind-alp-votebuying-scam/2006/05/12/1146940735639.html?page=fullpage#contentSwap1)

### Related:

1. [Voters go to the polls in the Australian state of Victoria for a state election. The election sees Labor, led by Daniel Andrews, defeat Denis Napthine's Liberal-National Coalition, the first time a one-term government has lost power in the state since 1955. ](/news/2014/11/29/voters-go-to-the-polls-in-the-australian-state-of-victoria-for-a-state-election-the-election-sees-labor-led-by-daniel-andrews-defeat-deni.md) _Context: Australia, Labor Party, Victoria_
2. [After eight years in power, the Liberal Party is defeated by the Labor Party in a landslide election. Mark McGowan is set to become the Australian state's new Premier. ](/news/2017/03/11/after-eight-years-in-power-the-liberal-party-is-defeated-by-the-labor-party-in-a-landslide-election-mark-mcgowan-is-set-to-become-the-aust.md) _Context: Australia, Labor Party_
3. [The New South Wales Rural Fire Service issues an emergency warning for a bush fire located to the east of Dunedoo in New South Wales, Australia. The warning comes amidst "unprecedented" fire conditions across the region, deemed to be worse than the conditions precipitating the 2009 Black Saturday bushfires in Victoria. ](/news/2017/02/12/the-new-south-wales-rural-fire-service-issues-an-emergency-warning-for-a-bush-fire-located-to-the-east-of-dunedoo-in-new-south-wales-austra.md) _Context: Australia, Victoria_
4. [Six men are arrested in the Australian state of Victoria in relation to alleged involvement in an international tennis match-fixing syndicate. ](/news/2014/07/18/six-men-are-arrested-in-the-australian-state-of-victoria-in-relation-to-alleged-involvement-in-an-international-tennis-match-fixing-syndicat.md) _Context: Australia, Victoria_
5. [Ten thousand survivors of the Black Saturday bushfires in the Australian state of Victoria in February 2009 win a settlement of A$497.4 million against utility company SP AusNet, its maintenance contractor and the Victorian Department of Sustainability and Environment for poor inadequate maintenance and protection measures. ](/news/2014/07/15/ten-thousand-survivors-of-the-black-saturday-bushfires-in-the-australian-state-of-victoria-in-february-2009-win-a-settlement-of-a-497-4-mill.md) _Context: Australia, Victoria_
6. [Bushfires in the Australian state of Victoria claim at least one life with towns in the Grampians National Park region evacuated. ](/news/2014/01/17/bushfires-in-the-australian-state-of-victoria-claim-at-least-one-life-with-towns-in-the-grampians-national-park-region-evacuated.md) _Context: Australia, Victoria_
7. [Denis Napthine is sworn in as the Premier of the Australian state of Victoria replacing Ted Baillieu. ](/news/2013/03/7/denis-napthine-is-sworn-in-as-the-premier-of-the-australian-state-of-victoria-replacing-ted-baillieu.md) _Context: Australia, Victoria_
8. [Ted Baillieu resigns as the Premier of the Australian state of Victoria as his embattled government was pushed close to collapse. ](/news/2013/03/6/ted-baillieu-resigns-as-the-premier-of-the-australian-state-of-victoria-as-his-embattled-government-was-pushed-close-to-collapse.md) _Context: Australia, Victoria_
9. [Singapore, Vietnam, Indonesia and Hong Kong ban poultry imports from the Australian  state of Victoria while Japan bans imports from the whole of Australia following an outbreak of a low pathogenic form of the avian influenza (separate from the potentially deadly H5N1 strain).](/news/2012/02/1/singapore-vietnam-indonesia-and-hong-kong-ban-poultry-imports-from-the-australian-state-of-victoria-while-japan-bans-imports-from-the-who.md) _Context: Australia, Victoria_
10. [The Health Services Union disaffiliates from the Australian Labor Party in the states of New South Wales and Victoria and the Australian Capital Territory, following the commencement of a New South Wales Police Force investigation into alleged "inappropriate practices" by current and former union officials, including Craig Thomson, a member of the House of Representatives. ](/news/2011/09/16/the-health-services-union-disaffiliates-from-the-australian-labor-party-in-the-states-of-new-south-wales-and-victoria-and-the-australian-cap.md) _Context: Labor Party, Victoria_
