### [2013-01-4](/news/2013/01/4/index.md)

# Demonstrations against sexual violence after Delhi gang rape spread across Asia and are now happening in Nepal, Sri Lanka, Pakistan and Bangladesh. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2013/jan/04/rape-protests-spread-beyond-india)

### Related:

1. [ South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation, composed of foreign ministers from seven south Asian countries (Pakistan, India, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Maldives and Bhutan) meeting in Islamabad agree to create the South Asian Free Trade Area (SAFTA) by 2006. ](/news/2004/01/2/south-asian-association-for-regional-cooperation-composed-of-foreign-ministers-from-seven-south-asian-countries-pakistan-india-banglade.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Nepal, Pakistan, Sri Lanka_
2. [ The UK Office for National Statistics announces that, in 2005, 565,000 immigrants arrived in the UK, mainly from Poland, India, Pakistan, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka, while there were 380,000 emigrants, over half of whom were UK citizens. The most popular emigration destinations were Australia, Spain, and France. The net immigration total, 185,000, was 17,000 less than 2004's record. ](/news/2006/11/2/the-uk-office-for-national-statistics-announces-that-in-2005-565-000-immigrants-arrived-in-the-uk-mainly-from-poland-india-pakistan-b.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Pakistan, Sri Lanka_
3. [August 2017 Nepal and India floods. Flooding in South Asia has displaced tens of thousands of people and resulted in an estimated 500 deaths across India, Bangladesh, and Nepal. ](/news/2017/08/18/august-2017-nepal-and-india-floods-flooding-in-south-asia-has-displaced-tens-of-thousands-of-people-and-resulted-in-an-estimated-500-deaths.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Nepal_
4. [19th SAARC summit. Members of the 19th South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) summit, scheduled to be held in Pakistan during November 2016, postpone the meeting following a Indian-led boycott, including Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Bhutan in response to Pakistan's alleged involvement in a deadly terrorist attack on a Indian Army base in Uri, Jammu and Kashmir, on September 18. ](/news/2016/09/28/19th-saarc-summit-members-of-the-19th-south-asian-association-for-regional-cooperation-saarc-summit-scheduled-to-be-held-in-pakistan-dur.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Pakistan_
5. [The head of Bangladesh-s largest Islamist party, Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami, Motiur Rahman Nizami, is executed for his alleged role in acts of genocide and war crimes 45 years ago during the independence war against Pakistan in 1971. Nizami is the fifth senior opposition leader to be executed in connection with the war; a total of 17 people have received the death penalty. Authorities prepare for possibly violent protests. ](/news/2016/05/11/the-head-of-bangladesh-s-largest-islamist-party-bangladesh-jamaat-e-islami-motiur-rahman-nizami-is-executed-for-his-alleged-role-in-act.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Pakistan_
6. [April 2015 Nepal earthquake. A strong 7.9 earthquake strikes between the Nepalese capital Kathmandu and the regional headquarter city of Pokhara. The Government of Nepal declares a state of emergency with 1500 dead. A number of UNESCO World Heritage Sites are destroyed, including the historic Dharahara tower. Deaths are also recorded in India, Bangladesh and the Chinese province of Tibet. ](/news/2015/04/25/april-2015-nepal-earthquake-a-strong-7-9-earthquake-strikes-between-the-nepalese-capital-kathmandu-and-the-regional-headquarter-city-of-pok.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Nepal_
7. [Authorities in Myanmar and Bangladesh prepare for the arrival of Cyclone Mahasen, which has already killed at least seven people and displaced nearly 4,000 in Sri Lanka. ](/news/2013/05/15/authorities-in-myanmar-and-bangladesh-prepare-for-the-arrival-of-cyclone-mahasen-which-has-already-killed-at-least-seven-people-and-displac.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Sri Lanka_
8. [2011 Sikkim earthquake:. A magnitude 6.9 earthquake occurs in northwestern Sikkim, northern India, causing shaking in parts of India, Nepal, Bhutan, Bangladesh and Tibet Autonomous Region. At least thirty seven deaths are reported. ](/news/2011/09/18/2011-sikkim-earthquake-a-magnitude-6-9-earthquake-occurs-in-northwestern-sikkim-northern-india-causing-shaking-in-parts-of-india-nepal.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Nepal_
9. [ The Pakistan Cricket Team wins the 2009 ICC World Twenty20 world cup after a hard match against Sri Lanka at Lord's Cricket Ground in London, England. ](/news/2009/06/21/the-pakistan-cricket-team-wins-the-2009-icc-world-twenty20-world-cup-after-a-hard-match-against-sri-lanka-at-lord-s-cricket-ground-in-londo.md) _Context: Pakistan, Sri Lanka_
10. [ Seven Sri Lankan cricket players are wounded and six policemen killed in shootings near Gaddafi Stadium in Lahore, Pakistan. ](/news/2009/03/3/seven-sri-lankan-cricket-players-are-wounded-and-six-policemen-killed-in-shootings-near-gaddafi-stadium-in-lahore-pakistan.md) _Context: Pakistan, Sri Lanka_
