### [2009-04-4](/news/2009/04/4/index.md)

#  Danish Prime Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen will become NATO's Secretary General on August 1. 

NATO leaders agreed unanimously on Saturday to appoint Danish Prime Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen as the next head of the alliance after Turkey dropped its objections. NATO Secretary-General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer told a joint news conference with Rasmussen: &quot;You know that there has been discussion over the past 36 hours, but the fact that we are standing here next to each other means a solution has been found also for the concerns expressed by Turkey, and we all very much agree and are unanimous.&quot; Rasmussen, whose nomination was controversial because of his handling of a 2006 crisis over cartoons of the Prophet Mohammad in a Danish newspaper, will succeed the Dutch diplomat on Aug. 1. (reporting by Tim Hepher, editing by Timothy Heritage)


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/latestCrisis/idUSL4600956)

### Related:

1. [ Danish voters go to the polls for an early parliamentary election called by Prime Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen. ](/news/2007/11/13/danish-voters-go-to-the-polls-for-an-early-parliamentary-election-called-by-prime-minister-anders-fogh-rasmussen.md) _Context: Anders Fogh Rasmussen, Denmark, Prime Minister of Denmark_
2. [ In Denmark, parliamentary elections result in a continuation of the center-right coalition of Prime Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen. ](/news/2005/02/8/in-denmark-parliamentary-elections-result-in-a-continuation-of-the-center-right-coalition-of-prime-minister-anders-fogh-rasmussen.md) _Context: Anders Fogh Rasmussen, Denmark, Prime Minister of Denmark_
3. [Former Secretary General of NATO Anders Fogh Rasmussen is named an advisor for Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, a move described by a Russian deputy chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee as a "hostile gesture". ](/news/2016/05/28/former-secretary-general-of-nato-anders-fogh-rasmussen-is-named-an-advisor-for-ukrainian-president-petro-poroshenko-a-move-described-by-a-r.md) _Context: Anders Fogh Rasmussen, Secretary General of NATO_
4. [NATO-Russia relations. NATO reopens informal talks with Russia for the first time in nearly two years. According to the Secretary General of NATO Jens Stoltenberg "NATO and Russia have profound and persistent disagreements, today-s meeting did not change that." ](/news/2016/04/20/nato-russia-relations-nato-reopens-informal-talks-with-russia-for-the-first-time-in-nearly-two-years-according-to-the-secretary-general.md) _Context: NATO, Secretary General of NATO_
5. [Former Prime Minister of Norway Jens Stoltenberg is appointed to succeed Denmark's Anders Fogh Rasmussen as the next Secretary General of NATO. ](/news/2014/03/28/former-prime-minister-of-norway-jens-stoltenberg-is-appointed-to-succeed-denmark-s-anders-fogh-rasmussen-as-the-next-secretary-general-of-na.md) _Context: Anders Fogh Rasmussen, Secretary General of NATO_
6. [Helle Thorning-Schmidt presents her new coalition government, thereby becoming the 41st and the first female Prime Minister of Denmark. She takes over the office from Lars Lkke Rasmussen. ](/news/2011/10/3/helle-thorning-schmidt-presents-her-new-coalition-government-thereby-becoming-the-41st-and-the-first-female-prime-minister-of-denmark-she.md) _Context: Denmark, Prime Minister of Denmark_
7. [NATO's Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen is to visit Russia to discuss the European missile defence project with President Medvedev. ](/news/2010/11/3/nato-s-secretary-general-anders-fogh-rasmussen-is-to-visit-russia-to-discuss-the-european-missile-defence-project-with-president-medvedev.md) _Context: Anders Fogh Rasmussen, NATO_
8. [Danish Prime Minister Lars Lokke Rasmussen carries out a major cabinet reshuffling, bringing in female ministers in charge of Defence and Foreign Affairs, the first in Denmark's history. ](/news/2010/02/23/danish-prime-minister-lars-la-kke-rasmussen-carries-out-a-major-cabinet-reshuffling-bringing-in-female-ministers-in-charge-of-defence-and-f.md) _Context: Denmark, Prime Minister of Denmark_
9. [ Danish Prime Minister Lars Loekke Rasmussen says a deal at a UN climate change summit in December is unlikely. ](/news/2009/10/29/danish-prime-minister-lars-loekke-rasmussen-says-a-deal-at-a-un-climate-change-summit-in-december-is-unlikely.md) _Context: Denmark, Prime Minister of Denmark_
10. [ Danish Prime Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen says that Denmark will hold a new referendum on relinquishing its opt-outs, including an exemption from the European common currency, the euro, during the next four years. ](/news/2007/11/22/danish-prime-minister-anders-fogh-rasmussen-says-that-denmark-will-hold-a-new-referendum-on-relinquishing-its-opt-outs-including-an-exempt.md) _Context: Anders Fogh Rasmussen, Denmark_
