### [2015-06-6](/news/2015/06/6/index.md)

# Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. Saudi Arabia shoots down a Scud missile fired by Houthi rebels in Yemen according to Saudi State media. 

Four&#x20;Saudi&#x20;soldiers&#x20;and&#x20;dozens&#x20;of&#x20;Yemeni&#x20;rebels&#x20;were&#x20;killed&#x20;during&#x20;a&#x20;fresh&#x20;rebel&#x20;offensive&#x20;near&#x20;the&#x20;border&#x20;on&#x20;Saturday&#x20;as&#x20;Saudi&#x20;Arabia&#x20;said&#x20;it&#x20;shot&#x20;down&#x20;a&#x20;Scud&#x20;missile&#x20;that&#x20;was&#x20;fired&#x20;into&#x20;its&#x20;territory.


### Source:

1. [AFP via France 24](http://www.france24.com/en/20150606-loyalist-saleh-troops-clash-houthi-rebels-saudi-border?dlvrit=65413)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/06/06/us-yemen-security-saudi-idUSKBN0OM05T20150606)

### Related:

1. [ Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. Yemen's Houthi rebels shell the Saudi Arabian cities of Jizan and Najran with claims of several Saudi soldiers being killed. ](/news/2015/07/4/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-yemen-s-houthi-rebels-shell-the-saudi-arabian-cities-of-jizan-and-najran-with-claims-of-several-sa.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
2. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. At least 35 people are killed in an air strike that hit a hotel near a Houthi run checkpoint north of the Yemeni capital Sanaa. ](/news/2017/08/23/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-at-least-35-people-are-killed-in-an-air-strike-that-hit-a-hotel-near-a-houthi-run-checkpoint-north.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
3. [Saudi Arabia-United States relations. Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). The United States is to limit military support to Saudi Arabia's military intervention in Yemen amid concerns over rising civilian casualties. ](/news/2016/12/13/saudi-arabia-united-states-relations-yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-the-united-states-is-to-limit-military-support-to-saudi-arabia-s.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
4. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. The Saudi-led coalition announces a 48 hour ceasefire in Yemen from noon. ](/news/2016/11/19/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-the-saudi-led-coalition-announces-a-48-hour-ceasefire-in-yemen-f.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
5. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. Two prisons in Al Hudaydah, Yemen, are bombed by Saudi Arabian jets, leaving at least 60 dead. ](/news/2016/10/29/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-two-prisons-in-al-hudaydah-yemen-are-bombed-by-saudi-arabian-jets-leaving-at-least-60-dead.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
6. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. The death toll from a Saudi-led Arab coalition airstrike which hit a house in a residential area in western Yemen has risen to 26 people. ](/news/2016/09/22/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-the-death-toll-from-a-saudi-led-arab-coalition-airstrike-which-hit-a-house-in-a-residential-area-in.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
7. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. At least 14 people are killed after Saudi-led coalition airstrikes hit a food factory in Yemen's capital Sana'a. The airstrikes come just days after the suspension of inconclusive peace talks in Kuwait. ](/news/2016/08/9/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-at-least-14-people-are-killed-after-saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-hit-a-food-factory-in-yemen-s-ca.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
8. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). At least 10 children are killed and 28 injured in an air attack on a school in northern Yemen. The Houthi group claims that the Saudi Arabia led coalition is responsible. ](/news/2016/08/13/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-at-least-10-children-are-killed-and-28-injured-in-an-air-attack-on-a-school-in-northern-yemen-the-houthi.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Yemen_
9. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. A Saudi-led coalition spokesman announces they have exchanged prisoners with their Houthi opponents and "welcome a pause in the combat on the border." Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said the lull was important to deliver aid and medical supplies to people in northern regions of Yemen. Yesterday, a Houthi delegation was in Saudi Arabia for talks to end the war. Al-Jubeir and his Yemeni counterpart noted formal negotiations to end the fighting can only take place under the auspices of the United Nations. ](/news/2016/03/9/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-a-saudi-led-coalition-spokesman-announces-they-have-exchanged-prisoners-with-their-houthi-opponents.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
10. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. A Saudi coalition says it's traded 109 Yemeni prisoners for nine captive Saudis. ](/news/2016/03/28/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-a-saudi-coalition-says-it-s-traded-109-yemeni-prisoners-for-nine-captive-saudis.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
