### [2001-01-31](/news/2001/01/31/index.md)

#  In the Netherlands a Scottish court convicts a Libyan and acquits another for their part in the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 which crashed into Lockerbie, Scotland, in 1988.




### Related:

1. [Abdelbaset al-Megrahi, the former Libyan intelligence officer convicted of the 1988 bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland, dies at his home in the Libyan capital of Tripoli at the age of 60. ](/news/2012/05/20/abdelbaset-al-megrahi-the-former-libyan-intelligence-officer-convicted-of-the-1988-bombing-of-pan-am-flight-103-over-lockerbie-scotland-d.md) _Context: Libya, Lockerbie bombing, Lockerbie, Scotland_
2. [ Lawyers for the Lockerbie bomber, Abdelbaset al-Megrahi, say he is abandoning his second appeal against his conviction for the December 1988 attack as Scottish officials consider his request to be sent home to Libya. ](/news/2009/08/14/lawyers-for-the-lockerbie-bomber-abdelbaset-al-megrahi-say-he-is-abandoning-his-second-appeal-against-his-conviction-for-the-december-198.md) _Context: Libya, Lockerbie bombing, Scotland_
3. [The father of one of those killed in the 1988 Pan Am Flight 103 bombing travels to Libya to meet Abdelbaset al-Megrahi; he considers Megrahi to be innocent and calls for an inquiry. ](/news/2010/09/20/the-father-of-one-of-those-killed-in-the-1988-pan-am-flight-103-bombing-travels-to-libya-to-meet-abdelbaset-al-megrahi-he-considers-megrahi.md) _Context: Libya, Lockerbie bombing_
4. [The United Kingdom and United States decide last year's release from a Scottish prison of Libyan Abdelbaset al-Megrahi was "a mistake". ](/news/2010/07/16/the-united-kingdom-and-united-states-decide-last-year-s-release-from-a-scottish-prison-of-libyan-abdelbaset-al-megrahi-was-a-mistake.md) _Context: Libya, Scotland_
5. [ Scottish Justice Secretary Kenny MacAskill defends his decision to release the man convicted of the Lockerbie bombing, Abdelbaset al-Megrahi. ](/news/2009/08/24/scottish-justice-secretary-kenny-macaskill-defends-his-decision-to-release-the-man-convicted-of-the-lockerbie-bombing-abdelbaset-al-megrah.md) _Context: Lockerbie bombing, Scotland_
6. [ U.S. President Barack Obama condemns Lockerbie bomber Abdelbaset al-Megrahi's homecoming in Libya. ](/news/2009/08/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-condemns-lockerbie-bomber-abdelbaset-al-megrahi-s-homecoming-in-libya.md) _Context: Libya, Lockerbie bombing_
7. [ Abdelbaset al-Megrahi, convicted of the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie in 1988, is released on compassionate grounds due to terminal cancer, and boards a flight to Libya. ](/news/2009/08/20/abdelbaset-al-megrahi-convicted-of-the-bombing-of-pan-am-flight-103-over-lockerbie-in-1988-is-released-on-compassionate-grounds-due-to-te.md) _Context: Libya, Lockerbie bombing_
8. [ Former Libyan intelligence agent Abdelbaset al-Megrahi, convicted of the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103, wins a case for an appeal in the Scottish Criminal Cases Review Commission. ](/news/2007/06/28/former-libyan-intelligence-agent-abdelbaset-al-megrahi-convicted-of-the-bombing-of-pan-am-flight-103-wins-a-case-for-an-appeal-in-the-sco.md) _Context: Libya, Lockerbie bombing_
9. [ Libya's Foreign Minister, Abdulrahman Shalgam, issues a statement reaffirming its acceptance of culpability for the 1988 bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie, after the Prime Minister Shukri Ghanem, in an interview for the BBC, claimed Libya had "bought peace" with the $2.7bn compensation payments, but had not accepted guilt. ](/news/2004/02/25/libya-s-foreign-minister-abdulrahman-shalgam-issues-a-statement-reaffirming-its-acceptance-of-culpability-for-the-1988-bombing-of-pan-am.md) _Context: Libya, Lockerbie bombing_
10. [ The High Court in Glasgow rules that Abdelbaset al-Megrahi, convicted in 1999 of the bombing of Pan Am flight 103 over Lockerbie, Scotland, in December 1988, must serve a minimum of 27 years before being considered for parole.](/news/2003/11/24/the-high-court-in-glasgow-rules-that-abdelbaset-al-megrahi-convicted-in-1999-of-the-bombing-of-pan-am-flight-103-over-lockerbie-scotland.md) _Context: Lockerbie bombing, Scotland_
