### [2011-07-1](/news/2011/07/1/index.md)

# Dominique Strauss-Kahn: "The New York Times" reports that the sexual assault case against former International Monetary Fund head Dominique Strauss-Kahn is on the verge of collapse due to concerns over the credibility of the alleged victim's testimony. 

Former&#x20;IMF&#x20;chief&#x20;Dominique&#x20;Strauss-Kahn&#x20;was&#x20;released&#x20;from&#x20;house&#x20;arrest&#x20;on&#x20;Friday&#x20;after&#x20;prosecutors&#x20;said&#x20;the&#x20;hotel&#x20;maid&#x20;who&#x20;accused&#x20;him&#x20;of&#x20;attempted&#x20;rape&#x20;lied&#x20;about&#x20;her&#x20;actions&#x20;after&#x20;the&#x20;alleged&#x20;attack,&#x20;as&#x20;well&#x20;as&#x20;on&#x20;tax&#x20;and&#x20;immigration&#x20;documents.


### Source:

1. [France 24](http://www.france24.com/en/20110701-strauss-kahn-released-house-arrest-amid-doubts-about-accuser)
2. [Reuters via ''Montreal Gazette](http://www.montrealgazette.com/news/Strauss+Kahn+dines+York+after+release/5037332/story.html)
3. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2011/07/01/nyregion/strauss-kahn-case-seen-as-in-jeopardy.html/?_r=1&smid=tw-nytimes)

### Related:

1. [The former Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund, Dominique Strauss-Kahn, gives his first public interview about allegations of sexual assault made against him in May 2011, to French TV channel TF1. ](/news/2011/09/19/the-former-managing-director-of-the-international-monetary-fund-dominique-strauss-kahn-gives-his-first-public-interview-about-allegations.md) _Context: Dominique Strauss-Kahn, International Monetary Fund, allegations of sexual assault_
2. [Christine Lagarde, France's finance minister since 2007, is named the new head the International Monetary Fund (IMF) following the resignation of Dominique Strauss-Kahn. ](/news/2011/06/28/christine-lagarde-france-s-finance-minister-since-2007-is-named-the-new-head-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-following-the-resignati.md) _Context: Dominique Strauss-Kahn, International Monetary Fund, allegations of sexual assault_
3. [Former International Monetary Fund head Dominique Strauss-Kahn is acquitted of pimping charges in France. ](/news/2015/06/12/former-international-monetary-fund-head-dominique-strauss-kahn-is-acquitted-of-pimping-charges-in-france.md) _Context: Dominique Strauss-Kahn, International Monetary Fund_
4. [Former International Monetary Fund head Dominique Strauss-Kahn goes on trial in France on pimping charges. ](/news/2015/02/2/former-international-monetary-fund-head-dominique-strauss-kahn-goes-on-trial-in-france-on-pimping-charges.md) _Context: Dominique Strauss-Kahn, International Monetary Fund_
5. [Due to lack of evidence, a French court drops a case against former IMF chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn for allegedly running a prostitution ring. ](/news/2013/06/11/due-to-lack-of-evidence-a-french-court-drops-a-case-against-former-imf-chief-dominique-strauss-kahn-for-allegedly-running-a-prostitution-ri.md) _Context: Dominique Strauss-Kahn, International Monetary Fund_
6. [Dominique Strauss-Kahn, the former head of the International Monetary Fund, is placed under formal investigation in France over alleged involvement in a prostitution ring. ](/news/2012/03/26/dominique-strauss-kahn-the-former-head-of-the-international-monetary-fund-is-placed-under-formal-investigation-in-france-over-alleged-invo.md) _Context: Dominique Strauss-Kahn, International Monetary Fund_
7. [Former International Monetary Fund Managing Director Dominique Strauss-Kahn is summoned by French police to face questions about alleged involvement in a prostitution ring in the city of Lille. ](/news/2012/02/18/former-international-monetary-fund-managing-director-dominique-strauss-kahn-is-summoned-by-french-police-to-face-questions-about-alleged-inv.md) _Context: Dominique Strauss-Kahn, International Monetary Fund_
8. [Former head of the International Monetary Fund Dominique Strauss-Kahn gives his first television interview on the French television network TF1 since rape charges against him were dropped in New York City. ](/news/2011/09/18/former-head-of-the-international-monetary-fund-dominique-strauss-kahn-gives-his-first-television-interview-on-the-french-television-network.md) _Context: Dominique Strauss-Kahn, International Monetary Fund_
9. [A judge in New York City rules in favour dropping sexual assault charges against former International Monetary Fund head Dominique Strauss-Kahn. ](/news/2011/08/23/a-judge-in-new-york-city-rules-in-favour-dropping-sexual-assault-charges-against-former-international-monetary-fund-head-dominique-strauss-k.md) _Context: Dominique Strauss-Kahn, International Monetary Fund_
10. [Prosecutors in New York City ask for charges against former International Monetary Fund head Dominique Strauss-Kahn to be dropped. ](/news/2011/08/22/prosecutors-in-new-york-city-ask-for-charges-against-former-international-monetary-fund-head-dominique-strauss-kahn-to-be-dropped.md) _Context: Dominique Strauss-Kahn, International Monetary Fund_
