### [2011-07-1](/news/2011/07/1/index.md)

# The "Chosunilbo" newspaper in South Korea reports that Kim Pyong-il, the half-brother of current North Korean leader Kim Jong-il, is under house arrest in Pyongyang. 




### Source:

1. [Kyodo News](http://english.kyodonews.jp/news/2011/07/100379.html)

### Related:

1. [ North Korea - South Korea relations. North Korean defectors. North Korea accuses South Korea of kidnapping its citizens and demands their immediate return after Seoul's Ministry of Unification said 13 of them had defected to South Korea from China, where they worked in a Pyongyang-operated restaurant. China says that the 13 people, a male manager and 12 young female employees, had legitimate passports and had freely exited China. ](/news/2016/04/12/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korean-defectors-north-korea-accuses-south-korea-of-kidnapping-its-citizens-and-demands-their.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang, South Korea_
2. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea threatens a pre-emptive nuclear strike against South Korea and the United States in response to the two nations' annual joint military exercise which Pyongyang considers is a pretext for an invasion. ](/news/2016/03/6/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-threatens-a-pre-emptive-nuclear-strike-against-south-korea-and-the-united-states-in.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang, South Korea_
3. [2013 Korean crisis: The annual session of North Korea's Parliament, the Supreme People's Assembly, takes place in Pyongyang, following repeated threats of violence by the leader Kim Jong-Un against South Korea and the United States. Choi Bu-Il is appointed Minister of Internal Security. ](/news/2013/04/1/2013-korean-crisis-the-annual-session-of-north-korea-s-parliament-the-supreme-people-s-assembly-takes-place-in-pyongyang-following-repea.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang, South Korea_
4. [North Korea's state agency KCNA announces the country will launch a satellite sometime between December 10 and December 22. The launch will take place around the time of South Korea's presidential election on December 19 and close to the first anniversary of the death of former leader Kim Jong-il. South Korean officials, as well as the US, believe that the isolated state is testing long-range missile technology with the aim of developing an intercontinental ballistic missile. ](/news/2012/12/1/north-korea-s-state-agency-kcna-announces-the-country-will-launch-a-satellite-sometime-between-december-10-and-december-22-the-launch-will.md) _Context: Kim Jong-il, North Korea, South Korea_
5. [A new statue of late North Korean leader Kim Jong-il is unveiled in the capital Pyongyang. ](/news/2012/02/14/a-new-statue-of-late-north-korean-leader-kim-jong-il-is-unveiled-in-the-capital-pyongyang.md) _Context: Kim Jong-il, North Korea, Pyongyang_
6. [South Korea lifts a temporary ban that it placed on travel to North Korea after the death of Kim Jong-Il. ](/news/2012/01/3/south-korea-lifts-a-temporary-ban-that-it-placed-on-travel-to-north-korea-after-the-death-of-kim-jong-il.md) _Context: Kim Jong-il, North Korea, South Korea_
7. [North Korea says it will accept all South Korean delegations wishing to pay respects to the late leader Kim Jong-il. ](/news/2011/12/23/north-korea-says-it-will-accept-all-south-korean-delegations-wishing-to-pay-respects-to-the-late-leader-kim-jong-il.md) _Context: Kim Jong-il, North Korea, South Korea_
8. [The Yonhap news agency reports that South Korea has deployed precision-guided missiles capable of hitting the North Korean capital, Pyongyang. ](/news/2011/06/17/the-yonhap-news-agency-reports-that-south-korea-has-deployed-precision-guided-missiles-capable-of-hitting-the-north-korean-capital-pyongyan.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang, South Korea_
9. [South Korea reissues an invitation to North Korean leader Kim Jong-il to a nuclear summit next year. ](/news/2011/06/1/south-korea-reissues-an-invitation-to-north-korean-leader-kim-jong-il-to-a-nuclear-summit-next-year.md) _Context: Kim Jong-il, North Korea, South Korea_
10. [South Korean media report that two North Koreans have been executed in front of 500 spectators for handling propaganda leaflets floated across the border from South Korea, apparently as part of a campaign by North Korean leader Kim Jong-Il to tighten ideological control as he grooms his youngest son as eventual successor. ](/news/2011/01/24/south-korean-media-report-that-two-north-koreans-have-been-executed-in-front-of-500-spectators-for-handling-propaganda-leaflets-floated-acro.md) _Context: Kim Jong-il, North Korea, South Korea_
