### [2011-07-1](/news/2011/07/1/index.md)

# The government of the U.S. state of Minnesota is to shut down as a result of a budget dispute between Democratic Governor Mark Dayton and the Republican Legislature. 

Governor and lawmakers fail to reach deal.


### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5i-wB7Drzy1MfhL8_VpcVTMC6g3-Q?docId=49f917e92379476e971a48626e8a3520)
2. [Politico](http://www.politico.com/news/stories/0611/58107.html)
3. [Star-Tribune](http://www.startribune.com/politics/statelocal/124824189.html)

### Related:

1. [The Democratic Governor of Minnesota Mark Dayton and Republican legislative leaders reach a budget deal which will end a shutdown of the US state government within days. ](/news/2011/07/14/the-democratic-governor-of-minnesota-mark-dayton-and-republican-legislative-leaders-reach-a-budget-deal-which-will-end-a-shutdown-of-the-us.md) _Context: Democrat, Mark Dayton, Minnesota, Minnesota Governor, Republican_
2. [The Senate in the U.S. state of Minnesota passes a bill legalizing same-sex marriage. Governor Mark Dayton says he intends to sign it into law. ](/news/2013/05/13/the-senate-in-the-u-s-state-of-minnesota-passes-a-bill-legalizing-same-sex-marriage-governor-mark-dayton-says-he-intends-to-sign-it-into-l.md) _Context: Mark Dayton, Minnesota, state_
3. [Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia.  ](/news/2017/04/18/democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u-s-house-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-now-health-and-human-serv.md) _Context: Democrat, Republican_
4. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: Democrat, Republican_
5. [John N. Kennedy of the Republican Party defeats Foster Campbell of the Democratic Party to become the junior Senator for Louisiana. ](/news/2016/12/10/john-n-kennedy-of-the-republican-party-defeats-foster-campbell-of-the-democratic-party-to-become-the-junior-senator-for-louisiana.md) _Context: Democrat, Republican_
6. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016Although he narrowly lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016palthough-he-narrowly-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nom.md) _Context: Democrat, Republican_
7. [Four state Democratic Parties sue  the Donald Trump presidential campaign, the state Republican Parties, and "Stop the Steal"  group founder Roger Stone  for voter intimidation in the states of Ohio, Pennsylvania, Nevada, and Arizona. ](/news/2016/11/1/four-state-democratic-parties-sue-the-donald-trump-presidential-campaign-the-state-republican-parties-and-stop-the-steal-group-founder.md) _Context: Democrat, Republican_
8. [Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton and Republican Party nominee Donald Trump hold the first presidential debate of the 2016 presidential election at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York. ](/news/2016/09/26/democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-republican-party-nominee-donald-trump-hold-the-first-presidential-debate-of-the-2016-presidenti.md) _Context: Democrat, Republican_
9. [The Commission on Presidential Debates officially announces the invitation of Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton, and GOP nominee Donald Trump, to the first presidential debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York, on September 26. However, third party candidates, Gary Johnson and Jill Stein, have not met the criteria, and will not be participants in the debate. ](/news/2016/09/16/the-commission-on-presidential-debates-officially-announces-the-invitation-of-democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-gop-nominee-dona.md) _Context: Democrat, Republican_
10. [Minnesota Governor Mark Dayton requests a Justice Department investigation of last night's fatal police shooting of Philando Castile (an African-American) during a traffic stop. Castile's girlfriend, Lavish Reynolds, streamed the incident live over Facebook. It showed Castile had been shot several times and was slumped against Reynolds; he died in Minneapolis's Hennepin County Medical Center. ](/news/2016/07/7/minnesota-governor-mark-dayton-requests-a-justice-department-investigation-of-last-night-s-fatal-police-shooting-of-philando-castile-an-afr.md) _Context: Mark Dayton, Minnesota Governor_
