### [2011-07-1](/news/2011/07/1/index.md)

# The Australian Federal Police charges six senior executives, all former employees of two companies owned by the Reserve Bank of Australia, Securency and Note Printing Australia, in relation to alleged bribery of officials in Malaysia, Vietnam and Indonesia. 

EXCLUSIVE: Climax to bribery scandal as Federal Police raid Melbourne homes of former banknote company executives.


### Source:

1. [Herald-Sun](http://www.heraldsun.com.au/news/more-news/six-people-linked-to-note-maker-securency-arrest-for-alleged-bribery/story-fn7x8me2-1226085465195)
2. [Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/business/securency-bosses-arrested-20110701-1gtr8.html)

### Related:

1. [''Philippines v. China''The Philippines asks the International Court of Arbitration at The Hague to invalidate China's claims to virtually all of the South China Sea. The hearing was attended by observers from Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/07/9/philippines-v-china-pthe-philippines-asks-the-international-court-of-arbitration-at-the-hague-to-invalidate-china-s-claims-to-virtually.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia, Vietnam_
2. [Two women, Indonesian Siti Aisyah and Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong, are charged with murder in relation to the death of Kim Jong-nam, the estranged half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, at Kuala Lumpur International Airport. The women, who reportedly thought they were  involved in a prank TV show, did not enter pleas. ](/news/2017/03/1/two-women-indonesian-siti-aisyah-and-vietnamese-aoa-n-tha-haedegae-ng-are-charged-with-murder-in-relation-to-the-death-of-kim-jong-nam-the.md) _Context: Indonesia, Vietnam_
3. [In 2015, more than 100,000 people in Indonesia, Malaysia, and Singapore may have died as a result of forest fires in Southeast Asia. The continued poor air quality also continues to affect the health of more than 42 million Indonesians. ](/news/2016/09/19/in-2015-more-than-100-000-people-in-indonesia-malaysia-and-singapore-may-have-died-as-a-result-of-forest-fires-in-southeast-asia-the-con.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia_
4. [A Malaysian oil tanker, MT ''Vier Harmoni'', is hijacked off the coast of Malaysia and is believed to have been taken to Indonesian waters near the island of Batam, according to the Malaysian Maritime Enforcement Agency. The identity of the hijackers is not yet known. ](/news/2016/08/17/a-malaysian-oil-tanker-mt-vier-harmoni-is-hijacked-off-the-coast-of-malaysia-and-is-believed-to-have-been-taken-to-indonesian-waters-n.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia_
5. [Indonesia, Malaysia, and the Philippines agree on joint naval patrols after an increase of kidnappings by the Abu Sayyaf militants. ](/news/2016/04/28/indonesia-malaysia-and-the-philippines-agree-on-joint-naval-patrols-after-an-increase-of-kidnappings-by-the-abu-sayyaf-militants.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia_
6. [Philippine officials report four Indonesian sailors were kidnapped last night off the Philippines' southernmost town of Sitangkai, Tawi-Tawi, near Malaysia's Sabah state. Seven gunmen in a blue speedboat attacked two Indonesian-flagged tugboats.  Six other sailors, including one who was shot, were not taken by ISIL-linked Abu Sayyaf militants. ](/news/2016/04/16/philippine-officials-report-four-indonesian-sailors-were-kidnapped-last-night-off-the-philippines-southernmost-town-of-sitangkai-tawi-tawi.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia_
7. [Philippines Foreign Secretary Albert del Rosario says Chinese coast guard ships that were sighted two weeks ago near the disputed Jackson Atoll in the northeast Dangerous Ground are no longer there today.  Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hong Lei said ships were dispatched to the area in late 2015 to salvage a fishing vessel that posed a risk to navigation. Chinese ships, "... persuaded fishing boats to leave the waters in an effort to ensure safety conditions for normal navigation," Hong said.  In addition to  China and the Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Taiwan, and Brunei also lay claim to the Spratly Islands waters. ](/news/2016/03/2/philippines-foreign-secretary-albert-del-rosario-says-chinese-coast-guard-ships-that-were-sighted-two-weeks-ago-near-the-disputed-jackson-at.md) _Context: Malaysia, Vietnam_
8. [United States President Barack Obama hosts a two-day summit in Rancho Mirage, California with leaders of the ASEAN member states, including democratically-elected Benigno Aquino III of the Philippines and Joko Widodo of Indonesia as well as autocratic rulers such as Hun Sen of Cambodia and Najib Razak of Malaysia. ](/news/2016/02/15/united-states-president-barack-obama-hosts-a-two-day-summit-in-rancho-mirage-california-with-leaders-of-the-asean-member-states-including.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia_
9. [An overloaded wooden boat with Sumatra-bound migrants sinks off the coast of Malaysia killing at least 15 people, 13 of which are women. Nearby fisherman rescue 19 people with more than 40  missing. The Malaysian Maritime Enforcement Agency states that the boat was taking  migrant workers home to Tanjung Balai in Indonesia's Sumatra province for the Hari Raya Haji celebration. ](/news/2015/09/3/an-overloaded-wooden-boat-with-sumatra-bound-migrants-sinks-off-the-coast-of-malaysia-killing-at-least-15-people-13-of-which-are-women-nea.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia_
10. [The haze from Indonesian forest fires worsens leaving Singapore and parts of Indonesia and Malaysia covered in smog. ](/news/2015/09/22/the-haze-from-indonesian-forest-fires-worsens-leaving-singapore-and-parts-of-indonesia-and-malaysia-covered-in-smog.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia_
