### [2000-01-15](/news/2000/01/15/index.md)

# Zeljko Raznatovic, better known as Arkan, is assassinated in the lobby of Belgrade's elite InterContinental Hotel. He was on Interpol's most wanted list in the 1970s and 1980s for robberies and murders committed in a number of countries across Europe. Until her death, he was the most powerful crime boss in the Balkans.




### Related:

1. [Scientists discover 7.2 million-year-old "pre-human" remains in the Balkans area near Bulgaria and Greece. ](/news/2017/05/23/scientists-discover-7-2-million-year-old-pre-human-remains-in-the-balkans-area-near-bulgaria-and-greece.md) _Context: Balkans_
2. [Following a joint police operation by Europol and Interpol last October and November across much of Europe, dubbed "Operation Pandora", more than 3,500 stolen artwork and artifacts are recovered, with 75 people arrested and 48,588 more being investigated. ](/news/2017/01/23/following-a-joint-police-operation-by-europol-and-interpol-last-october-and-november-across-much-of-europe-dubbed-operation-pandora-more.md) _Context: Interpol_
3. [European migrant crisis: Macedonia says it will no longer let any migrants through its southern border with Greece, effectively blocking the Balkan route for migrants. The decision came after Slovenia barred access to migrants transiting the country. There are around 13,000 migrants now stranded at the Macedonia-Greece border. ](/news/2016/03/9/european-migrant-crisis-macedonia-says-it-will-no-longer-let-any-migrants-through-its-southern-border-with-greece-effectively-blocking-the.md) _Context: Balkans_
4. [Austria-Greece relations: Greece recalls its ambassador to Austria in response to Austria's hosting of a meeting with Balkan states, to which Greece was not invited, about European migrant crisis policies that would make it harder for migrants to head north across Europe. Greece's foreign ministry called the move an "unfriendly act." More than 100,000 migrants have entered the EU illegally so far in 2016, nearly all of them arriving in Greece. ](/news/2016/02/25/austria-greece-relations-greece-recalls-its-ambassador-to-austria-in-response-to-austria-s-hosting-of-a-meeting-with-balkan-states-to-wh.md) _Context: Balkans_
5. [European migrant crisis: Macedonia, Serbia, Croatia, and Slovenia shut their borders to so-called economic migrants, those not coming from war-torn countries such as Syria, Afghanistan, or Iraq, leaving thousands stranded at Balkan border crossings. Around 500 migrants from Iran, Morocco, and Algeria gather on the border between Greece and Macedonia to protest the closure. ](/news/2015/11/20/european-migrant-crisis-macedonia-serbia-croatia-and-slovenia-shut-their-borders-to-so-called-economic-migrants-those-not-coming-from-w.md) _Context: Balkans_
6. [European migrant crisis: Slovenian border barrier: Slovenia's army begins erecting a razor wire fence along parts of its southern border with Croatia in order to stop a tide of illegal migrants entering the country. Around 180,000 people, mainly from Syria and Afghanistan have streamed into Slovenia since mid-October after trekking northwards along a Balkan corridor from Greece, most of them bound ultimately for Germany. ](/news/2015/11/11/european-migrant-crisis-slovenian-border-barrier-slovenia-s-army-begins-erecting-a-razor-wire-fence-along-parts-of-its-southern-border-wit.md) _Context: Balkans_
7. [European migrant crisis: Slovenia's prime minister, Miro Cerar says Slovenia is ready to build a fence on its border with Croatia if an EU plan to stem the flow of migrants across the Balkans fails. ](/news/2015/10/28/european-migrant-crisis-slovenia-s-prime-minister-miro-cerar-says-slovenia-is-ready-to-build-a-fence-on-its-border-with-croatia-if-an-eu-p.md) _Context: Balkans_
8. [European migrant crisis: Eleven European and Balkan leaders meet about the migrant crisis at an emergency summit in Brussels, Belgium; Turkey did not attend. The Prime Minister of Slovenia says the EU will -start falling apart- within weeks if the migrant crisis continues unchecked. Huge divisions remain among EU states over how to deal with the influx of hundreds of thousands of migrants. ](/news/2015/10/25/european-migrant-crisis-eleven-european-and-balkan-leaders-meet-about-the-migrant-crisis-at-an-emergency-summit-in-brussels-belgium-turke.md) _Context: Balkans_
9. [A record number of migrants crossing the Balkans results in a record number of people in Hungary despite the government building a wall on the border with Serbia. ](/news/2015/08/25/a-record-number-of-migrants-crossing-the-balkans-results-in-a-record-number-of-people-in-hungary-despite-the-government-building-a-wall-on-t.md) _Context: Balkans_
10. [2015 FIFA corruption case: Interpol issues red notices linked to arrest warrants for two former FIFA officials Jack Warner and Nicolas Leoz and four executives. ](/news/2015/06/3/2015-fifa-corruption-case-interpol-issues-red-notices-linked-to-arrest-warrants-for-two-former-fifa-officials-jack-warner-and-nicolas-leoz.md) _Context: Interpol_
