### [2017-01-22](/news/2017/01/22/index.md)

# Following the inauguration of Donald Trump as President of the United States, Israel approves the construction of 566 new settlement homes in East Jerusalem. 

&quot;Now we can build,&quot; a Jerusalem official says, as a staunch Israel supporter takes office in the US.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-38711701)

### Related:

1. [Israel approves the construction of 2,500 more new settlement homes in the West Bank, the most in years and the second time new homes were approved since Donald Trump was inaugurated as President of the United States. ](/news/2017/01/24/israel-approves-the-construction-of-2-500-more-new-settlement-homes-in-the-west-bank-the-most-in-years-and-the-second-time-new-homes-were-a.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Israel, Israeli settlement, President of the United States_
2. [Israel announces plans for construction of a three-story residential building for Jewish settlers in a Palestinian neighborhood of East Jerusalem. ](/news/2016/06/15/israel-announces-plans-for-construction-of-a-three-story-residential-building-for-jewish-settlers-in-a-palestinian-neighborhood-of-east-jeru.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel, Israeli settlement_
3. [Israel reveals plans to build 625 more homes in the Palestinian territories, close to East Jerusalem. ](/news/2010/12/1/israel-reveals-plans-to-build-625-more-homes-in-the-palestinian-territories-close-to-east-jerusalem.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel, Israeli settlement_
4. [ United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton reaffirms President Barack Obama's demand that Israel halt settlement in the West Bank. ](/news/2009/05/28/united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-reaffirms-president-barack-obama-s-demand-that-israel-halt-settlement-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli settlement, President of the United States_
5. [ U.S. President George W. Bush praises the Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon for his "''courageous initiative''" to pull all Israeli settlements out of the Gaza Strip, however Bush also told Sharon not to expand other existing settlements. The two leaders met in Texas, USA. ](/news/2005/04/11/u-s-president-george-w-bush-praises-the-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-for-his-courageous-initiative-to-pull-all-israeli-settl.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli settlement, President of the United States_
6. [Speaking for the National Rifle Association, President of the United States Donald Trump says Pocahontas may be his Democratic opponent in the 2020 United States presidential election, apparently referring to Senator Elizabeth Warren. ](/news/2017/04/28/speaking-for-the-national-rifle-association-president-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-says-pocahontas-may-be-his-democratic-opponent-in-t.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President of the United States_
7. [U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyers tell a federal court, in a case alleging negligence and incitement to riot during a 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, that he is "immune from suit because he is President of the United States." A lawyer for the plaintiffs responds that, in ''Clinton v. Jones'', the Supreme Court found the president could be sued for events that occurred before he took office. ](/news/2017/04/15/u-s-president-donald-trump-s-lawyers-tell-a-federal-court-in-a-case-alleging-negligence-and-incitement-to-riot-during-a-2016-campaign-rall.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President of the United States_
8. [In an interview, U.S. President Donald Trump says the U.S. dollar is "getting too strong" and wants to keep interest rates low, causing the U.S. Dollar Index to fall. ](/news/2017/04/12/in-an-interview-u-s-president-donald-trump-says-the-u-s-dollar-is-getting-too-strong-and-wants-to-keep-interest-rates-low-causing-the.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President of the United States_
9. [Donald Trump, the President of the United States, agrees to continue the One China Policy after a discussion with Chinese President Xi Jinping. ](/news/2017/02/9/donald-trump-the-president-of-the-united-states-agrees-to-continue-the-one-china-policy-after-a-discussion-with-chinese-president-xi-jinpi.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President of the United States_
10. [U.S. President Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, in a telephone call,  discuss strengthening the two countries' strategic partnership with particular attention to the conflict in the Donbass, a Ukrainian region that borders Russia. ](/news/2017/02/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-and-ukrainian-president-petro-poroshenko-in-a-telephone-call-discuss-strengthening-the-two-countries-strateg.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President of the United States_
