### [2017-01-22](/news/2017/01/22/index.md)

# French Socialist Party presidential primary, 2017. Voting takes place in the first round of the French Socialist Party presidential primary to select a candidate to run in this year's presidential election. 

Benoit Hamon, a former Socialist government rebel won the first round of a primary on Sunday and will meet ex-prime minister Manuel Valls in a runoff to decide who will be the candidate of the beleaguered left in a presidential election in spring.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-38710897)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-france-election-primary-idUSKBN1550W1)

### Related:

1. [French Socialist Party presidential primary, 2017. In the second round run-off to select the Socialist Party's candidate in this year's spring presidential election, the leftist candidate, former Minister of National Education Benoit Hamon, topped former Prime Minister Manuel Valls, a centrist, with 58.65 percent of the vote. ](/news/2017/01/29/french-socialist-party-presidential-primary-2017-in-the-second-round-run-off-to-select-the-socialist-party-s-candidate-in-this-year-s-spri.md) _Context: French Socialist Party presidential primary, 2017, PS, last month's presidential election_
2. [French legislative election, 2017. Voters in France return to the polls after last month's presidential election for the first round of a legislative election, to begin choosing the 577 members of France's lower house. Opinion polls and exit polls predict that En Marche!, formed by newly elected President Emmanuel Macron, will pick up a majority of seats. ](/news/2017/06/11/french-legislative-election-2017-voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-after-last-month-s-presidential-election-for-the-first-round-of-a-le.md) _Context: France, last month's presidential election_
3. [French presidential election, 2017. Voters in France return to the polls for a run-off, to elect either Emmanuel Macron or Marine Le Pen as the new President of France.](/news/2017/05/7/french-presidential-election-2017-voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-for-a-run-off-to-elect-either-emmanuel-macron-or-marine-le-pen-as.md) _Context: France, last month's presidential election_
4. [French presidential election, 2017. France swears in Emmanuel Macron as the 25th President of France. ](/news/2017/05/14/french-presidential-election-2017-france-swears-in-emmanuel-macron-as-the-25th-president-of-france.md) _Context: France, last month's presidential election_
5. [French presidential election, 2017. With polls showing a close race with Emmanuel Macron and Jean-Luc Mlenchon, Marine Le Pen of the National Front pledges to temporarily suspend all immigration, "legal and illegal", to France. ](/news/2017/04/18/french-presidential-election-2017-with-polls-showing-a-close-race-with-emmanuel-macron-and-jean-luc-melenchon-marine-le-pen-of-the-nation.md) _Context: France, last month's presidential election_
6. [French presidential election, 2017. Former candidate Manuel Valls (PS) announces his support for Emmanuel Macron (En Marche!) rather than for his own party's nominee, Benoit Hamon. ](/news/2017/03/29/french-presidential-election-2017-former-candidate-manuel-valls-ps-announces-his-support-for-emmanuel-macron-en-marche-rather-than-fo.md) _Context: PS, last month's presidential election_
7. [French presidential election, 2017. Manuel Valls, the Prime Minister of France, announces his candidacy for the Socialist Party nomination. He will step down as PM on Tuesday. ](/news/2016/12/5/french-presidential-election-2017-manuel-valls-the-prime-minister-of-france-announces-his-candidacy-for-the-socialist-party-nomination.md) _Context: PS, last month's presidential election_
8. [The Republicans (France) presidential primary, 2016. A second-round runoff takes place in France between Francois Fillon and Alain Juppe to decide who will be the Republican presidential candidate in next year's presidential election. ](/news/2016/11/27/the-republicans-france-presidential-primary-2016-a-second-round-runoff-takes-place-in-france-between-franassois-fillon-and-alain-juppa-c-t.md) _Context: France, last month's presidential election_
9. [French presidential election, 2017. Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy resigns as leader of The Republicans party and announces his candidacy for President again. ](/news/2016/07/3/french-presidential-election-2017-former-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-resigns-as-leader-of-the-republicans-party-and-announces-his-can.md) _Context: France, last month's presidential election_
10. [France-Russia relations. International sanctions during the Ukrainian crisis. France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-russia-relations-international-sanctions-during-the-ukrainian-crisis-france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-reso.md) _Context: France, PS_
