### [2006-07-1](/news/2006/07/1/index.md)

#  Operation Summer Rains: An Israeli helicopter gunship attacks the office of Prime Minister of Palestine Ismail Haniyeh. Observers report that the building had been set on fire but was unoccupied. 

The Age 404 Page


### Source:

1. [The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/story/0%2C20867%2C19645805-601%2C00.html)
2. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/733349.html)
3. [Melbourne Age](http://www.theage.com.au/news/World/Palestinian-PMs-office-targeted/2006/07/02/1151778796000.html)

### Related:

1. [ Palestinian factional violence: Hamas officials report that a rocket-propelled grenade has been fired at the house of Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh, causing damage but no injuries. ](/news/2007/06/12/palestinian-factional-violence-hamas-officials-report-that-a-rocket-propelled-grenade-has-been-fired-at-the-house-of-prime-minister-ismail.md) _Context: Ismail Haniyeh, Prime Minister_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): Israel strikes an empty office of Palestinian PM Ismail Haniyeh. Two other Hamas operatives are killed in two separate aerial strikes. Israeli defense minister Amir Peretz warns stepping up quality of targets, reiterating the responsibility of Syrian president Bashar Assad for the continued crisis. ](/news/2006/07/2/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-israel-strikes-an-empty-office-of-palestinian-pm-ismail-haniyeh-two-other-hamas-op.md) _Context: Ismail Haniyeh, Operation Summer Rains_
3. [Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation" with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaza-will-fulfil-its-role-in-the-je.md) _Context: Ismail Haniyeh_
4. [Hamas Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh calls on the PLO to withdraw its recognition of Israel's right to exist in response to Israel's opposition to the reconciliation deal between his movement and Fatah. ](/news/2011/04/29/hamas-prime-minister-ismail-haniyeh-calls-on-the-plo-to-withdraw-its-recognition-of-israelas-right-to-exist-in-response-to-israelas-oppo.md) _Context: Ismail Haniyeh_
5. [The Cabinet of the Palestinian Authority resigns today with the Prime Minister Salam Fayyad to choose a new ministry. ](/news/2011/02/14/the-cabinet-of-the-palestinian-authority-resigns-today-with-the-prime-minister-salam-fayyad-to-choose-a-new-ministry.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
6. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict: Hamas militants are considering lighter ceasefire terms offered by Fatah, specifically Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. They are giving Israel until May 27 to respond to this agreement, that would only end Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip. Hamas has said, however, that they are not completely committed to their offer. Israeli attack helicopters launch missile strikes on a various facilities, including a security facility near Palestinian Prime Minister Haniyeh's home. At least three people are injured by the air strikes. ](/news/2007/05/26/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-p-hamas-militants-are-considering-lighter-ceasefire-terms-offered-by-fatah-specifically-palestinian-president-ma.md) _Context: Ismail Haniyeh_
7. [  The IAF carried out an air strike near the residence of Palestinian Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh. The IDF said that the air strike was not targeting the Prime Minister, and was on a structure used by Hamas, located in the Shati refugee camp. Local residents said that an IAF missile hit a vehicle patrolling Haniyeh's home in Gaza, and that the attack wounded one person. ](/news/2007/05/25/the-iaf-carried-out-an-air-strike-near-the-residence-of-palestinian-prime-minister-ismail-haniyeh-the-idf-said-that-the-air-strike-was-no.md) _Context: Ismail Haniyeh_
8. [ The Hamas-led Palestinian government has resigned to make way for a new administration. The Palestinian Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh remains as caretaker Prime Minister and will select a new cabinet. ](/news/2007/02/15/the-hamas-led-palestinian-government-has-resigned-to-make-way-for-a-new-administration-the-palestinian-prime-minister-ismail-haniyeh-remai.md) _Context: Ismail Haniyeh_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): Israeli prime minister Ehud Olmert says Operation Summer Rains will only end once abducted soldier Gilad Shalit is released: "There is no intention to reoccupy Gaza in order to stay there, but if certain operations are needed they will be carried out". ](/news/2006/07/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-says-operation-summer-rains-will-only-end-once-a.md) _Context: Operation Summer Rains_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): Israel rejects Hamas terms for a ceasefire - Palestinian PM Ismail Haniya calls for a ceasefire to end several days of fierce fighting in the Gaza Strip. Israel reiterates its demand to release the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit, and end Qassam rocket attacks on Israeli towns, for an immediate cease fire to take place. ](/news/2006/07/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-israel-rejects-hamas-terms-for-a-ceasefire-palestinian-pm-ismail-haniya-calls-for.md) _Context: Operation Summer Rains_
