### [2006-07-1](/news/2006/07/1/index.md)

#  The United Nations Security Council votes unanimously to withdraw the 3,500 peacekeeping troops who are currently in Burundi on December 31, despite the continuing activities of the National Liberation Force rebel group. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20060701/ap_on_re_af/un_burundi_1)

### Related:

1. [Burundian unrest (2015-present): The United Nations Security Council unanimously adopts a resolution setting the stage for the deployment of UN Police to Burundi, where political unrest that has lasted nearly a year killed over 400 people and displaced tens of thousands. The resolution asks Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to present options within 15 days for the deployment of UN police in order to monitor the security situation, promote respect for human rights and advance the rule of law. ](/news/2016/04/2/burundian-unrest-2015-present-the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-adopts-a-resolution-setting-the-stage-for-the-deployment.md) _Context: Burundi, United Nations Security Council_
2. [Burundian unrest (2015-present): Two former Presidents of Burundi call for the United Nations Security Council to authorise the use of peacekeeping troops in Burundi to prevent a potential civil war. ](/news/2016/01/21/burundian-unrest-2015-present-two-former-presidents-of-burundi-call-for-the-united-nations-security-council-to-authorise-the-use-of-pea.md) _Context: Burundi, United Nations Security Council_
3. [2015 Burundian unrest: The African Union's Peace and Security Council approves the plan to send 5,000 peacekeepers to Burundi to protect civilians caught up in the growing crisis; approval by the U.N. Security Council is required. Burundi's Philippe Nzobonariba says the force would not be allowed in without government permission. ](/news/2015/12/18/2015-burundian-unrest-the-african-union-s-peace-and-security-council-approves-the-plan-to-send-5-000-peacekeepers-to-burundi-to-protect-civ.md) _Context: Burundi, United Nations Security Council_
4. [U.S. diplomats, amid growing international concern the violence could spiral into an ethnic conflict, push for peace talks in Burundi. The European Union advises non-essential staff to evacuate the Central African nation amid rising violence and an uptick in political rhetoric. The head of the opposition UPRONA group urges the United Nations to send peacekeepers quickly. Yesterday, the UN Security Council called on the Burundi Government to protect human rights and cooperate with regional African mediators to immediately convene -an inclusive and genuine inter-Burundian dialogue- to find a peaceful resolution of the crisis. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-diplomats-amid-growing-international-concern-the-violence-could-spiral-into-an-ethnic-conflict-push-for-peace-talks-in-burundi-the-e.md) _Context: Burundi, United Nations Security Council_
5. [North Korea and the United Nations: The United Nations Security Council votes 15-0 to impose sanctions on North Korea for its intercontinental ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2017/08/5/north-korea-and-the-united-nations-the-united-nations-security-council-votes-15-0-to-impose-sanctions-on-north-korea-for-its-intercontine.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: A United Nations Security Council session is to be held to address the escalating violence in Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/07/22/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-a-united-nations-security-council-session-is-to-be-held-to-address-the-escalating.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
7. [FIRST Robotics Competition: Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C. A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/first-robotics-competition-six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in.md) _Context: Burundi_
8. [United Nations Security Council election, 2017: Equatorial Guinea, Ivory Coast, Kuwait, Peru and Poland are elected to the United Nations Security Council for a two-year term beginning on January 1, 2018. ](/news/2017/06/2/united-nations-security-council-election-2017-equatorial-guinea-ivory-coast-kuwait-peru-and-poland-are-elected-to-the-united-nations-se.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
9. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: As a result of North Korea's repeated missile tests, the United Nations Security Council expands its targeted sanctions against the country, adding to the U.N. blacklist four entities, including the Koryo Bank and the Army's Strategic Rocket Force, and 14 people, including the North's head of intelligence operations. ](/news/2017/06/2/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-as-a-result-of-north-korea-s-repeated-missile-tests-the-united-nations-security-council-expand.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
10. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea-s official Korean Central News Agency reports the country's leader, Kim Jong-un, has approved deployment of the Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile, and ordered mass production of the system. The United Nations Security Council will hold a closed-door session Tuesday to discuss the test. ](/news/2017/05/22/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-s-official-korean-central-news-agency-reports-the-country-s-leader-kim-jong-un.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
