### [2016-10-2](/news/2016/10/2/index.md)

# Aftermath of the United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016. Theresa May, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, announces March 2017 as the deadline for triggering Article 50 and says that her government will introduce a "Great Repeal Bill" that will repeal the European Communities Act 1972 once the United Kingdom leaves the European Union. 

Theresa May says she will trigger Brexit by the end of March, telling the Tory party conference it is time to strike a deal with the EU as an independent, sovereign UK.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-37532364#)

### Related:

1. [Brexit. British Prime Minister Theresa May signs a letter invoking Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. Its notification to the European Council tomorrow will formally begin the UK's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2017/03/28/brexit-british-prime-minister-theresa-may-signs-a-letter-invoking-article-50-of-the-treaty-on-european-union-its-notification-to-the-europ.md) _Context: Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union, Britain, European Union, Prime Minister, Theresa May_
2. [Brexit. British Prime Minister Theresa May announces that her government will trigger article 50, which begins the process of withdrawing from the European Union, on March 29. ](/news/2017/03/20/brexit-british-prime-minister-theresa-may-announces-that-her-government-will-trigger-article-50-which-begins-the-process-of-withdrawing-fr.md) _Context: Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union, European Union, Prime Minister, Theresa May_
3. [Aftermath of the United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016. After much speculation British Prime Minister Theresa May announces that the United Kingdom will be leaving the European Single Market. ](/news/2017/01/17/aftermath-of-the-united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-after-much-speculation-british-prime-minister-theresa-may-announ.md) _Context: Aftermath of the United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016, Britain, Prime Minister, Theresa May_
4. [United Kingdom general election, 2017. Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-c.md) _Context: Britain, Prime Minister, Theresa May_
5. [Brexit negotiations. UK Prime Minister Theresa May announces that citizens of the European Union living in the United Kingdom will be able to acquire a "UK settled status" after the UK leaves the EU. ](/news/2017/06/22/brexit-negotiations-uk-prime-minister-theresa-may-announces-that-citizens-of-the-european-union-living-in-the-united-kingdom-will-be-able-t.md) _Context: Britain, European Union, Theresa May_
6. [United Kingdom general election, 2017. British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held.md) _Context: Britain, Prime Minister, Theresa May_
7. [Aftermath of the United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016. British Prime Minister Theresa May says the House of Commons must accept Brexit. ](/news/2016/11/6/aftermath-of-the-united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-british-prime-minister-theresa-may-says-the-house-of-commons-mus.md) _Context: Aftermath of the United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016, Prime Minister, Theresa May_
8. [Aftermath of the United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016. President of the European Council Donald Tusk states that the UK could begin its formal process of withdrawing from the European Union early next year, after a meeting with Prime Minister Theresa May last week. ](/news/2016/09/17/aftermath-of-the-united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-president-of-the-european-council-donald-tusk-states-that-the-uk.md) _Context: Aftermath of the United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016, Prime Minister, Theresa May_
9. [United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016. The United Kingdom votes, 52% to 48%, to leave the European Union. Prime Minister David Cameron, who called the referendum three years ago, announces his resignation indicating he will leave office by October. ](/news/2016/06/24/united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-the-united-kingdom-votes-52-to-48-to-leave-the-european-union-prime-minister.md) _Context: Britain, European Union, Prime Minister_
10. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's "Daily Telegraph", urges Britons to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to.md) _Context: Britain, European Union, Prime Minister_
