### [2016-10-2](/news/2016/10/2/index.md)

# An ISIL sniper in Sirte, Libya, shoots dead Dutch photographer and war correspondent Jeroen Oerlemans. 

A Dutch journalist has been killed while covering a government-backed offensive against the Isis jihadist group in the city of Sirte, a medical official has said. Photojournalist Jeroen Oerlemans was shot in the chest by an Isis militant, according to the AFP news agency.


### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/middle-east/jeroen-oerlemans-dutch-journalist-killed-battle-isis-libya-sirte-sniper-shot-a7342051.html)

### Related:

1. [The United States launches airstrikes on ISIL positions in the Libyan city of Sirte following a request from the UN-backed Government of National Accord. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj, in a televised address, says the strikes have caused "heavy ISIL losses". ](/news/2016/08/1/the-united-states-launches-airstrikes-on-isil-positions-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte-following-a-request-from-the-un-backed-government-of-nat.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Sirte_
2. [The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's branch in Libya attacks the Libyan oil port of Sidra, which is Libya's largest oil depot. Two members of the Petrol Facilities Guard militia, which is defending Sidra, were reportedly killed in clashes. Islamic State militants were reportedly pushed back from the port, but the group now says it controls the town of Bin Jawad, 30km west of Sidra on the road from its stronghold in Sirte. ](/news/2016/01/4/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-s-branch-in-libya-attacks-the-libyan-oil-port-of-sidra-which-is-libya-s-largest-oil-depot-two-mem.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Sirte_
3. [Warplanes of unidentified origin carry out airstrikes on ISIS camps in the Libyan city of Sirte. ](/news/2015/10/20/warplanes-of-unidentified-origin-carry-out-airstrikes-on-isis-camps-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Sirte_
4. [U.S. B-2 stealth bombers strike two ISIL camps, south of the city of Sirte, Libya, killing more than 80 militants, according to United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. ](/news/2017/01/19/u-s-b-2-stealth-bombers-strike-two-isil-camps-south-of-the-city-of-sirte-libya-killing-more-than-80-militants-according-to-united-state.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Sirte_
5. [Libyan forces claim to have captured the port in the city of Sirte after heavy fighting with ISIL. ](/news/2016/06/11/libyan-forces-claim-to-have-captured-the-port-in-the-city-of-sirte-after-heavy-fighting-with-isil.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Sirte_
6. [Senior Libyan military officials say French special forces are on the ground in Benghazi helping Libyan National Army troops fight ISIL militants. They said that the French forces, along with American and British teams, are setting up an operations room inside Benina International Airport in Benina. The French defense ministry declined to comment, citing a policy not to comment on special forces' activities. ](/news/2016/02/24/senior-libyan-military-officials-say-french-special-forces-are-on-the-ground-in-benghazi-helping-libyan-national-army-troops-fight-isil-mili.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
7. [United States Air Force warplanes carry out airstrikes on ISIL in western Libya, near the Tunisian border, reportedly killing at least 38 people. ](/news/2016/02/19/united-states-air-force-warplanes-carry-out-airstrikes-on-isil-in-western-libya-near-the-tunisian-border-reportedly-killing-at-least-38-pe.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
8. [The Islamic State's Libyan branch continues attacks on Libya's oil ports of Sidra and Ra's Lanuf, resulting in at least 10 security personnel deaths and 40 injured. The National Oil Corporation (NOC) reports that fires continue to rage in both Sidra and Ra's Lanuf after oil storage tanks were hit by shells.  ](/news/2016/01/6/the-islamic-state-s-libyan-branch-continues-attacks-on-libya-s-oil-ports-of-sidra-and-ra-s-lanuf-resulting-in-at-least-10-security-personne.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
9. [The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's branch in Libya (Libya Province) seizes control of the western Libyan town of Sabratha, after storming it in retaliation after two of their men were arrested in a house nearby; however they then set up checkpoints around the town, with little opposition from the local militias that were supposed to be in control of the area. There are now fears that the militant group could destroy the town's Roman amphitheatre, which is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. ](/news/2015/12/11/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-s-branch-in-libya-libya-province-seizes-control-of-the-western-libyan-town-of-sabratha-after-sto.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
10. [A U.S. airstrike on a compound in the Libyan port city of Derna is said to have killed Wisam al Zubaidi, also known as Abu Nabil al-Anbari, who commands the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's branch in Libya. A Pentagon official, speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss details of the operation, said the airstrike involved F-15 aircraft and was believed to have killed Zubaidi. He said the attack had been planned for some time. ](/news/2015/11/14/a-u-s-airstrike-on-a-compound-in-the-libyan-port-city-of-derna-is-said-to-have-killed-wisam-al-zubaidi-also-known-as-abu-nabil-al-anbari.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
