### [2016-10-2](/news/2016/10/2/index.md)

# Brazil municipal elections, 2016: Brazilian voters cast ballots in the nationwide election of mayors and city councils in 5,568 municipalities. Pollsters predict that the Workers' Party will fair poorly. This is the country's first election since the impeachment of former president Dilma Rousseff. 

The Workers’ Party of ousted President Dilma Rousseff suffered heavy losses in Brazil’s municipal elections on Sunday, bearing the brunt of voter dissatisfaction with an economic recession and a corruption scandal that have plagued Latin America’s largest nation.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-10-02/brazil-heads-to-the-polls-in-nationwide-municipal-elections)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-brazil-politics-idUSKCN12203Y?il=0)

### Related:

1. [Corruption in Brazil: Brazil's Superior Electoral Court reopens the illegal campaign funding case against President Michel Temer, who was the vice presidential candidate on former President Dilma Rousseff's ticket in 2014. Temer became president in August 2016 when Rousseff was impeached, and could be unseated if the court annuls the Rousseff-Temer election victory. ](/news/2017/06/6/corruption-in-brazil-brazil-s-superior-electoral-court-reopens-the-illegal-campaign-funding-case-against-president-michel-temer-who-was-th.md) _Context: impeached_
2. [Impeachment of Dilma Rousseff: President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff is removed from office by a vote of 61-20 in the Senate. Current Acting President Michel Temer will serve out the remainder of her term, which ends January 1, 2019. ](/news/2016/08/31/impeachment-of-dilma-rousseff-president-of-brazil-dilma-rousseff-is-removed-from-office-by-a-vote-of-61-20-in-the-senate-current-acting.md) _Context: impeached_
3. [Impeachment of Dilma Rousseff: The Senate postpones the impeachment vote on suspended President Dilma Rousseff to Wednesday. ](/news/2016/08/30/impeachment-of-dilma-rousseff-the-senate-postpones-the-impeachment-vote-on-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff-to-wednesday.md) _Context: impeached_
4. [ Impeachment of Dilma Rousseff: Vice President of Brazil, Michel Temer, assumes the presidential powers and duties as Acting President of Brazil. ](/news/2016/05/13/impeachment-of-dilma-rousseff-vice-president-of-brazil-michel-temer-assumes-the-presidential-powers-and-duties-as-acting-president-of-br.md) _Context: impeached_
5. [2015-16 protests in Brazil: Clashes erupt outside the presidential palace in Brazil's capital Brasilia between anti-Workers' Party protesters and supporters of ex-president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, where he was due to be sworn in as President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff's chief of staff. Hundreds of anti-government protesters calling for Rousseff's impeachment and Lula's arrest also blocked the central Paulista Avenue in SGBPo Paulo, Brazil's largest city and economic hub. ](/news/2016/03/17/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-clashes-erupt-outside-the-presidential-palace-in-brazil-s-capital-brasalia-between-anti-workers-party-protes.md) _Context: Workers' Party_
6. [Crowds gather throughout Brazil to demand the impeachment of President Dilma Rousseff due to a bribery and corruption scandal involving senior members of the governing Workers' Party. Recent polls show her approval ratings below 10%. ](/news/2015/08/16/crowds-gather-throughout-brazil-to-demand-the-impeachment-of-president-dilma-rousseff-due-to-a-bribery-and-corruption-scandal-involving-seni.md) _Context: Workers' Party_
7. [Large protests in Brazil call for the impeachment of President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff due to a scandal involving members of her Workers Party receiving kickbacks from the state run oil company Petrobras. ](/news/2015/04/12/large-protests-in-brazil-call-for-the-impeachment-of-president-of-brazil-dilma-rousseff-due-to-a-scandal-involving-members-of-her-workers-pa.md) _Context: Workers' Party_
8. [Fernando Haddad is elected mayor of SGBPo Paulo, giving the governing Workers' Party control of Brazil's financial capital and biggest city. ](/news/2012/10/29/fernando-haddad-is-elected-mayor-of-sagbpo-paulo-giving-the-governing-workers-party-control-of-brazil-s-financial-capital-and-biggest-city.md) _Context: Workers' Party_
9. [Voters in Brazil go to the polls in a presidential election with a runoff election likely between Dilma Rousseff of the Workers' Party and Jose Serra of the Brazilian Social Democratic Party. ](/news/2010/10/3/voters-in-brazil-go-to-the-polls-in-a-presidential-election-with-a-runoff-election-likely-between-dilma-rousseff-of-the-workers-party-and-j.md) _Context: Workers' Party_
10. [ In Brazil, Valdemar Costa Neto, leader of the Liberal Party, steps down after he admitted that he received money from the ruling Worker's Party ](/news/2005/08/1/in-brazil-valdemar-costa-neto-leader-of-the-liberal-party-steps-down-after-he-admitted-that-he-received-money-from-the-ruling-worker-s-p.md) _Context: Workers' Party_
