### [2016-10-2](/news/2016/10/2/index.md)

# Colombian peace agreement referendum, 2016. Referendum voters in Colombia narrowly fail to ratify a peace deal between the Government of Colombia and FARC. 

Hungarians have overwhelmingly rejected the EU&#39;s refugee quota plan in a referendum. However, less than 50 percent of the country&#39;s 8 million eligible voters have participated in the poll, rendering it invalid.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-37537252#)
2. [Deutsche Welle](http://www.dw.com/en/majority-of-hungarians-reject-eu-migrant-plan-though-poll-invalid-election-office/a-35944430)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-colombia-peace-idUSKCN12204M)

### Related:

1. [Colombian peace agreement referendum, 2016. FARC leader Rodrigo Londono (Timoleon) says his troops will honor its commitments to the Colombian government, including the permanent cease-fire, despite voters rejection of the peace accord in Sunday's referendum. President Juan Manuel Santos calls the country's political parties to an emergency meeting. ](/news/2016/10/3/colombian-peace-agreement-referendum-2016-farc-leader-rodrigo-londoa-o-timolea3n-says-his-troops-will-honor-its-commitments-to-the-colom.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian peace agreement referendum, 2016, FARC_
2. [Colombian conflict. Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos and FARC guerrilla leader Rodrigo Londono, also known as Timochenko, sign a peace accord in Cartagena, ending the longest running armed conflict in the Western Hemisphere. The final agreement will be submitted to popular ratification in a referendum on October 2.](/news/2016/09/26/colombian-conflict-colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-and-farc-guerrilla-leader-rodrigo-londoa-o-also-known-as-timochenko-sign-a-peac.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian peace agreement referendum, 2016, FARC_
3. [According to the United Nations, as many as 96 families have been displaced by criminal gangs who are filling the vacuum left by FARC rebels in Colombia after the latter signed a peace deal with the government last year. ](/news/2017/02/18/according-to-the-united-nations-as-many-as-96-families-have-been-displaced-by-criminal-gangs-who-are-filling-the-vacuum-left-by-farc-rebels.md) _Context: Colombia, FARC_
4. [Colombian peace process. The Congress of Colombia unanimously approves a peace deal between the Government and rebel group FARC to end the Colombian conflict. ](/news/2016/11/30/colombian-peace-process-the-congress-of-colombia-unanimously-approves-a-peace-deal-between-the-government-and-rebel-group-farc-to-end-the-c.md) _Context: Colombian government, FARC_
5. [Colombian peace process. The Colombian government and FARC rebels sign a new peace deal after the failure of the original one. ](/news/2016/11/24/colombian-peace-process-the-colombian-government-and-farc-rebels-sign-a-new-peace-deal-after-the-failure-of-the-original-one.md) _Context: Colombia, FARC_
6. [Colombia ceasefire. The Government of Colombia and rebel group FARC announce a new peace deal after an earlier agreement was rejected by a referendum six weeks ago. ](/news/2016/11/12/colombia-ceasefire-the-government-of-colombia-and-rebel-group-farc-announce-a-new-peace-deal-after-an-earlier-agreement-was-rejected-by-a-r.md) _Context: Colombian government, FARC_
7. [Referendum. Colombian government and FARC representatives meet in Havana, and President Juan Manuel Santos will meet with presidential predecessors Alvaro Uribe, the accord opposition leader, and Andres Pastrana Arango, to continue negotiations to end the 52-year war that has killed around a quarter of a million people. ](/news/2016/10/4/referendum-colombian-government-and-farc-representatives-meet-in-havana-and-president-juan-manuel-santos-will-meet-with-presidential-prede.md) _Context: Colombia, FARC_
8. [Colombian conflict. The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC), the country's largest rebel group, gives its approval to a peace deal agreement with the government. President Juan Manuel Santos and FARC leader Timoleon Jimenez, known as Timochenko, will sign the agreement on September 26. To complete the approval process, a referendum will be held on October 2. ](/news/2016/09/24/colombian-conflict-the-revolutionary-armed-forces-of-colombia-farc-the-country-s-largest-rebel-group-gives-its-approval-to-a-peace-deal.md) _Context: Colombian peace agreement referendum, 2016, FARC_
9. [Colombian conflict. The government of Colombia and FARC finalise a peace deal ending 50 years of conflict. ](/news/2016/08/24/colombian-conflict-the-government-of-colombia-and-farc-finalise-a-peace-deal-ending-50-years-of-conflict.md) _Context: Colombia, FARC_
10. [Colombian conflict. The government of Colombia and FARC rebels sign a ceasefire deal, putting an end to 50 years of conflict in the country between the two sides. ](/news/2016/06/23/colombian-conflict-the-government-of-colombia-and-farc-rebels-sign-a-ceasefire-deal-putting-an-end-to-50-years-of-conflict-in-the-country.md) _Context: Colombia, FARC_
