### [2015-11-13](/news/2015/11/13/index.md)

# At least 22 people are killed this week in a string of raids on villages in the Central African Republic. The escalation of violence threatens to derail a visit by Pope Francis and crucial elections scheduled for December 27, 2015. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/13/us-centralafrica-violence-idUSKCN0T21S120151113#0oxJ8yp3Sh1zLXKh.97)

### Related:

1. [Pope Francis arrives in the Central African Republic, the last stop of his six-day African tour, becoming the first modern pope to enter an active war zone as the country is in a state of civil war. ](/news/2015/11/29/pope-francis-arrives-in-the-central-african-republic-the-last-stop-of-his-six-day-african-tour-becoming-the-first-modern-pope-to-enter-an.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Pope Francis, civil war_
2. [While voters in Central African Republic cast their ballots in a constitutional referendum aimed at ending years of sectarian strife, clashes erupt in the capital Bangui's PK5 Muslim neighborhood, killing at least two and injuring over 20. PK5 residents, visited by Pope Francis two weeks ago, marched to the U.N. headquarters in the country to complain they were unable to cast their ballots. The proposed constitution would limit a president to two terms, add an upper house to go along with the National Assembly, and fight institutional corruption. ](/news/2015/12/13/while-voters-in-central-african-republic-cast-their-ballots-in-a-constitutional-referendum-aimed-at-ending-years-of-sectarian-strife-clashe.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Pope Francis_
3. [Pope Francis travels to a besieged Muslim neighborhood known as PK5 in the Central African Republic, a country wracked by sectarian violence. This visit is part of Francis's message of peace and reconciliation. As a result of the violence over the last two years, most of the capital Bangui's 100,000-plus Muslims have fled; now only 15,000 remain. ](/news/2015/11/30/pope-francis-travels-to-a-besieged-muslim-neighborhood-known-as-pk5-in-the-central-african-republic-a-country-wracked-by-sectarian-violence.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Pope Francis_
4. [A truck overloaded with passengers crashes near Bambari, Central African Republic, killing at least 78 people and leaving dozens more injured. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-truck-overloaded-with-passengers-crashes-near-bambari-central-african-republic-killing-at-least-78-people-and-leaving-dozens-more-injure.md) _Context: Central African Republic_
5. [Pope Francis ousts conservative cardinal Gerhard Ludwig Muller. ](/news/2017/07/1/pope-francis-ousts-conservative-cardinal-gerhard-ludwig-ma1-4ller.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
6. [Pope Francis criticizes naming the U.S. military's biggest non-nuclear explosive as the Mother of All Bombs, saying that the word "mother" should not be used in reference to a deadly weapon. ](/news/2017/05/6/pope-francis-criticizes-naming-the-u-s-military-s-biggest-non-nuclear-explosive-as-the-mother-of-all-bombs-saying-that-the-word-mother-s.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
7. [The Holy See and Myanmar establish full diplomatic relations following a meeting between Pope Francis and Myanmar's State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-holy-see-and-myanmar-establish-full-diplomatic-relations-following-a-meeting-between-pope-francis-and-myanmar-s-state-counsellor-aung-sa.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
8. [Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau asks Pope Francis for a public apology for the Roman Catholic Church's role in the abuse of indigenous children in the residential school system. In 2009, Pope Benedict XVI issued an expression of sorrow after an audience with Assembly of First Nations Chief Phil Fontaine. ](/news/2017/05/29/canadian-prime-minister-justin-trudeau-asks-pope-francis-for-a-public-apology-for-the-roman-catholic-church-s-role-in-the-abuse-of-indigenou.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
9. [In a surprise appointment by Pope Francis, Bishop Anders Arborelius is the first ever person from Sweden to become a cardinal. ](/news/2017/05/21/in-a-surprise-appointment-by-pope-francis-bishop-anders-arborelius-is-the-first-ever-person-from-sweden-to-become-a-cardinal.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
10. [Pope Francis canonizes Jacinta and Francisco Marto, two of the three Ftima children who reported seeing the Virgin Mary in the spring and summer of 1917. The Martos, who died during the post-World War I international influenza pandemic, are the Catholic Church's youngest saints who did not die as martyrs. The other child, Lcia de Jesus dos Santos, survived until the year 2005, when she was 97 years old. ](/news/2017/05/13/pope-francis-canonizes-jacinta-and-francisco-marto-two-of-the-three-fatima-children-who-reported-seeing-the-virgin-mary-in-the-spring-and-s.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
