### [2015-11-13](/news/2015/11/13/index.md)

# At least 22  people are killed this week in a string of raids on villages in the Central African Republic. The escalation of violence threatens to derail a visit by Pope Francis and crucial elections scheduled for December 27, 2015. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/13/us-centralafrica-violence-idUSKCN0T21S120151113#0oxJ8yp3Sh1zLXKh.97)

### Related:

1. [Pope Francis' 2015 visit to AfricaPope Francis arrives in the Central African Republic, the last stop of his six-day African tour, becoming the first modern pope to enter an active war zone as the country is in a state of civil war. ](/news/2015/11/29/pope-francis-2015-visit-to-africappope-francis-arrives-in-the-central-african-republic-the-last-stop-of-his-six-day-african-tour-becoming.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Pope Francis, civil war_
2. [While voters in Central African Republic cast their ballots in a constitutional referendum aimed at ending years of sectarian strife,  clashes erupt in the capital Bangui's PK5 Muslim neighborhood, killing at least two and injuring over 20. PK5 residents, visited by Pope Francis two weeks ago,  marched to the U.N. headquarters in the country to complain they were unable to cast their ballots. The proposed constitution would limit a president to two terms, add an upper house to go along with the National Assembly, and fight institutional corruption. ](/news/2015/12/13/while-voters-in-central-african-republic-cast-their-ballots-in-a-constitutional-referendum-aimed-at-ending-years-of-sectarian-strife-clash.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Pope Francis_
3. [Pope Francis' 2015 visit to Africa Pope Francis travels to a besieged Muslim neighborhood known as PK5 in the Central African Republic, a country wracked by sectarian violence. This visit is part of Francis's message of peace and reconciliation. As a result of the violence over the last two years, most of the capital Bangui's 100,000-plus Muslims have fled; now only 15,000 remain. ](/news/2015/11/30/pope-francis-2015-visit-to-africa-ppope-francis-travels-to-a-besieged-muslim-neighborhood-known-as-pk5-in-the-central-african-republic-a-c.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Pope Francis_
4. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
5. [Paraguayan President Horacio Cartes says he will not be a candidate in next year's presidential election regardless of Congress's action on  a constitutional  amendment that would allow second terms. Cartes adds his decision was informed by Pope Francis's call for peace and dialogue in Paraguay following protests against this change that turned violent two weeks ago.  ](/news/2017/04/17/paraguayan-president-horacio-cartes-says-he-will-not-be-a-candidate-in-next-year-s-presidential-election-regardless-of-congress-s-action-on.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
6. [Pope Francis donates 100,000 euros for the poor of Aleppo. ](/news/2017/03/10/pope-francis-donates-100-000-euros-for-the-poor-of-aleppo.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
7. [At the Indigenous Peoples Forum in Rome, Italy, Pope Francis says that developmental needs have to be reconciled with the protection of the particular characteristics of indigenous peoples and their territories. This is taken by some as a reference to the Standing Rock Sioux and other groups opposing the Dakota Access Pipeline. ](/news/2017/02/15/at-the-indigenous-peoples-forum-in-rome-italy-pope-francis-says-that-developmental-needs-have-to-be-reconciled-with-the-protection-of-the.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
8. [Pope Francis takes ''de facto'' control of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta (the entity retains sovereignty under international law), forcing its leader Prince and Grand Master Matthew Festing to resign. ](/news/2017/01/28/pope-francis-takes-de-facto-control-of-the-sovereign-military-order-of-malta-the-entity-retains-sovereignty-under-international-law-f.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
9. [The Vatican City State announces that Pope Francis will name a Pontifical Delegate to head the Sovereign Military Order of Malta after Prince and Grand Master Matthew Festing's unexpected forced resignation in a spat over condoms. ](/news/2017/01/25/the-vatican-city-state-announces-that-pope-francis-will-name-a-pontifical-delegate-to-head-the-sovereign-military-order-of-malta-after-princ.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
10. [Pope Francis pleads for peace in a Christmas Mass in the Vatican. ](/news/2016/12/25/pope-francis-pleads-for-peace-in-a-christmas-mass-in-the-vatican.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
