### [2015-11-13](/news/2015/11/13/index.md)

# Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy (NLD) wins an absolute majority with 348 seats taken in the country's parliament, 19 seats more than the required 329, marking Myanmar's first democratically-elected government since the 1962 Burmese coup d'etat. 

Democracy leader’s party will now be able to push through legislation, form a government and handpick a president


### Source:

1. [The Economist](http://www.economist.com/news/asia/21678474-its-official-miss-suu-kyis-national-league-democracy-will-choose-next-president-not)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/nov/13/aung-san-suu-kyi-wins-myanmar-landmark-election)
2. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/ef4be085dc7e54b1f79a060c4ec14e1e24124cb0/0_67_3696_2219/master/3696.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=44f5b31366f4c388d0250d968bf33ccb)

### Related:

1. [With 45 percent of the Pyithu Hluttaw (House of Representatives) results announced from Sunday's election, Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy (NLD) moves closer to an absolute majority in the country's parliament, winning over 90 percent (135 of 149 seats) in the country's lower house. The NLD also has taken over 85 percent in the upper house and regional assemblies. The NLD needs to win more than two-thirds of seats that were contested in parliament to form Myanmar's first democratically elected government since the early 1960s. ](/news/2015/11/11/with-45-percent-of-the-pyithu-hluttaw-house-of-representatives-results-announced-from-sunday-s-election-aung-san-suu-kyi-s-national-leagu.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar general election, 2015, National League for Democracy, parliament_
2. [Myanmar's parliament approves Nobel Peace Prize laureate Aung San Suu Kyi and 17 other nominees to positions in the incoming government's cabinet. Which ministry each will head was not announced. ](/news/2016/03/24/myanmar-s-parliament-approves-nobel-peace-prize-laureate-aung-san-suu-kyi-and-17-other-nominees-to-positions-in-the-incoming-government-s-ca.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar general election, 2015, parliament_
3. [The Assembly of the Union for Myanmar meets with Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy having the majority for the first time. ](/news/2016/02/1/the-assembly-of-the-union-for-myanmar-meets-with-aung-san-suu-kyi-s-national-league-for-democracy-having-the-majority-for-the-first-time.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, National League for Democracy, parliament_
4. [Myanmar's democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi discusses the smooth transfer of power to her National League for Democracy (NLD) party with President Thein Sein, their first public meeting since the November election. The new administration will be sworn in early next year. ](/news/2015/12/2/myanmar-s-democracy-icon-aung-san-suu-kyi-discusses-the-smooth-transfer-of-power-to-her-national-league-for-democracy-nld-party-with-presi.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar general election, 2015, National League for Democracy_
5. [Myanmar's ruling Union Solidarity and Development Party (USDP) concedes defeat in Sunday's first free nationwide election in a quarter of a century. Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy (NLD), which has won 49 of the first 54 declared seats for the 330-seat lower house, appears headed for a landslide victory that would ensure it forms the next government. ](/news/2015/11/9/myanmar-s-ruling-union-solidarity-and-development-party-usdp-concedes-defeat-in-sunday-s-first-free-nationwide-election-in-a-quarter-of-a.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar general election, 2015, National League for Democracy_
6. [Voters in Myanmar head to the polls with the National League for Democracy, the party of Nobel Peace Prize-winner Aung San Suu Kyi, expected to win a majority of seats in Parliament and the ruling Union Solidarity and Development Party conceding defeat on Monday. Early indication is an 80 percent turnout of the more than 30 million people eligible to vote. ](/news/2015/11/8/voters-in-myanmar-head-to-the-polls-with-the-national-league-for-democracy-the-party-of-nobel-peace-prize-winner-aung-san-suu-kyi-expected.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar general election, 2015, National League for Democracy_
7. [Myanmar president Thein Sein says his government and the military, which gave up power only five years ago, will respect the results of Sunday's historic elections that are expected to be won by opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi's NLD party. ](/news/2015/11/7/myanmar-president-thein-sein-says-his-government-and-the-military-which-gave-up-power-only-five-years-ago-will-respect-the-results-of-sund.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar general election, 2015, National League for Democracy_
8. [Myanmar opposition leader and Nobel Laureate Aung San Suu Kyi says she would be "above the president" if her National League for Democracy party (NLD) gets the expected win in the Sunday, November 8, 2015, election. The 2008 constitution, drafted by the military without NLD participation, bars her from becoming President. ](/news/2015/11/5/myanmar-opposition-leader-and-nobel-laureate-aung-san-suu-kyi-says-she-would-be-above-the-president-if-her-national-league-for-democracy-p.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar general election, 2015, National League for Democracy_
9. [Aung San Suu Kyi holds talks with parliament's outgoing chairman, Shwe Mann, seeking his help in an orderly democratic transition to the newly-elected National League for Democracy (NLD) government. Mann, who was ousted as head of the Union Solidarity and Development Party in August, lost his house seat in the November 8 vote. The current parliament will have at least one more session. ](/news/2015/11/15/aung-san-suu-kyi-holds-talks-with-parliament-s-outgoing-chairman-shwe-mann-seeking-his-help-in-an-orderly-democratic-transition-to-the-new.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar general election, 2015, National League for Democracy_
10. [In Myanmar's capital Naypyidaw, Htin Kyaw is sworn in by House Speaker Mahn Win Khaing Than as the first civilian president in 54 years. Htin Kyaw, a close aide to Aung San Suu Kyi, takes power from former general Thein Sein. ](/news/2016/03/30/in-myanmar-s-capital-naypyidaw-htin-kyaw-is-sworn-in-by-house-speaker-mahn-win-khaing-than-as-the-first-civilian-president-in-54-years-hti.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar general election, 2015_
