### [2015-11-13](/news/2015/11/13/index.md)

# French police report multiple blasts and gunfire in Paris with at least 26 dead in a restaurant in the 10th arrondissement and an explosion near the Stade de France. 

UPDATED Saturday, 6:15PM: The terrorist rampage that left at least 129 dead and hundreds injured in Paris was carried out by at least 10 conspirators including suicide bombers that split into three…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/E/EU_FRANCE_PARIS_SHOOTINGS?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT&CTIME=2015-11-13-16-16-27)
2. [Daily Beast](http://www.thedailybeast.com/cheats/2015/11/13/explosion-and-gunfire-reported-in-paris.html)
3. [Deadline](http://deadline.com/2015/11/paris-shootings-charlie-hebro-concert-cable-news-networks-1201622384/)
4. [The Daily Beast](http://www.thedailybeast.com/cheats/2015/11/13/explosion-and-gunfire-reported-in-paris.html?via=twitter_page)
5. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/live/2015/nov/13/shootings-reported-in-eastern-paris-live)
6. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/french-police-report-shootout-and-explosion-in-paris/2015/11/13/3288452e-8a4c-11e5-bd91-d385b244482f_story.html)
6. [Cover Image](https://pmcdeadline2.files.wordpress.com/2015/11/vigil-paris-attacks.jpg?w=605)

### Related:

1. [About 20,000 pairs of empty shoes lay around Paris, symbolizing the absent marchers who would have joined this weekend's worldwide climate change protests pressing for a bold international agreement at the upcoming climate summit there. The capital city was planned to be the center for demonstrations but French police banned large protests following the terrorist attacks this month. ](/news/2015/11/29/about-20-000-pairs-of-empty-shoes-lay-around-paris-symbolizing-the-absent-marchers-who-would-have-joined-this-weekend-s-worldwide-climate-c.md) _Context: French police, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
2. [At least one person is killed after a group of armed men took people hostage in the northern French town of Roubaix near the Belgian border. The hostages are thought to be a bank director and his family. French police say the incident may be related to a robbery and not to the November 2015 attacks in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/24/at-least-one-person-is-killed-after-a-group-of-armed-men-took-people-hostage-in-the-northern-french-town-of-roubaix-near-the-belgian-border.md) _Context: French police, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
3. [A raid by French police in the Paris suburb of Saint-Denis kills at least two terror suspects, including a female suicide bomber, with eight others arrested. ](/news/2015/11/18/a-raid-by-french-police-in-the-paris-suburb-of-saint-denis-kills-at-least-two-terror-suspects-including-a-female-suicide-bomber-with-eight.md) _Context: French police, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
4. [ A U.S. airstrike in Al-Raqqah, Syria, kills four ISIL leaders, two of which were confirmed to have roles in the November 2015 Paris Attacks. ](/news/2016/12/14/a-u-s-airstrike-in-al-raqqah-syria-kills-four-isil-leaders-two-of-which-were-confirmed-to-have-roles-in-the-november-2015-paris-attacks.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks_
5. [Two men armed with knives take a priest, two nuns and two parishioners hostage in a church near Rouen in the French region of Normandy. French police kill the hostage-takers after the 86-year-old priest, Jacques Hamel, was killed by slitting his throat. ](/news/2016/07/26/two-men-armed-with-knives-take-a-priest-two-nuns-and-two-parishioners-hostage-in-a-church-near-rouen-in-the-french-region-of-normandy-fren.md) _Context: French police_
6. [The father of Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While generally free of liability under U.S. law which provides a legal "safe harbor" for content posted, this case targets the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015-paris-massacre-files-suit-in.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks_
7. [A senior French police commander is killed by a knife-wielding 25-year-old man outside his home in Magnanville near Paris, France. The attacker, who retreated inside the house, is also killed when elite police commandos storm the residence after negotiations failed. The commander's partner, a female administrative police official, is found dead inside the home, while a young boy is rescued physically unharmed. The Islamic State, via its Amaq News Agency, claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/06/13/a-senior-french-police-commander-is-killed-by-a-knife-wielding-25-year-old-man-outside-his-home-in-magnanville-near-paris-france-the-attac.md) _Context: French police_
8. [Mohamed Abrini has reportedly admitted to being the "man in the hat" sought after the Brussels bombings. He is also being charged with involvement in the November 2015 Paris attacks. ](/news/2016/04/9/mohamed-abrini-has-reportedly-admitted-to-being-the-man-in-the-hat-sought-after-the-brussels-bombings-he-is-also-being-charged-with-invol.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks_
9. [Six people are arrested in Belgium including:Mohamed Abrini, wanted in connection with the 2015 Paris attacks, is arrested in Belgium. ](/news/2016/04/8/six-people-are-arrested-in-belgium-including-mohamed-abrini-wanted-in-connection-with-the-2015-paris-attacks-is-arrested-in-belgium.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks_
10. [Belgian prosecutors hand over Salah Abdeslam, a key suspect in the November 2015 Paris attacks, to French authorities. ](/news/2016/04/27/belgian-prosecutors-hand-over-salah-abdeslam-a-key-suspect-in-the-november-2015-paris-attacks-to-french-authorities.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks_
