### [2015-11-13](/news/2015/11/13/index.md)

# Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015). 40 year old Rabbi Ya-akov Litman and his 18 year-old son are shot dead by a Palestinian gunman, south of Hebron. 

Yaakov Litman and Netanel, 18, were shot dead four days before daughter&#8217;s wedding; &#8216;Who will walk Sara down the aisle now?&#8217; cries son


### Source:

1. [The Times Of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/hundreds-attend-funeral-of-father-and-son-killed-in-terror-attack)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015). One Palestinian is killed and three Israeli soldiers injured in two attacks in the West Bank. According to the Israeli army, the Palestinian was shot dead after attempting to stab soldiers at a military checkpoint near the Beit Einun village in Hebron. In a second incident in the same area, a driver rammed and injured three Israeli paramilitary border policemen with his car before fleeing the scene. None of the three were injured seriously. ](/news/2015/11/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-one-palestinian-is-killed-and-three-israeli-soldiers-injured-in-two-attacks-in-the-west-bank-according.md) _Context: Hebron, Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015). Israeli border police shoot dead a 17-year-old girl after she approached them with a knife in the southern West Bank city of Hebron. ](/news/2015/10/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-israeli-border-police-shoot-dead-a-17-year-old-girl-after-she-approached-them-with-a-knife-in-the-south.md) _Context: Hebron, Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
3. [World heritage sites. UNESCO declares the old city of Hebron and the Cave of the Patriarchs, both in the West Bank, as world heritage sites. ](/news/2017/07/7/world-heritage-sites-unesco-declares-the-old-city-of-hebron-and-the-cave-of-the-patriarchs-both-in-the-west-bank-as-world-heritage-sites.md) _Context: Hebron_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Hebron shooting incident. Following last month's manslaughter conviction, Israeli soldier Elor Azaria is sentenced to 18 months in prison by a military court for, during a violent incident, his deadly shooting of the wounded, unarmed, prone Palestinian Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, who had stabbed a soldier last March in Hebron. ](/news/2017/02/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hebron-shooting-incident-following-last-month-s-manslaughter-conviction-israeli-soldier-elor-azaria-is-sen.md) _Context: Hebron_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. A Palestinian woman, in what was construed to be an attempt to stab Israeli Border Police officers at the entrance to the Tomb of the Patriarchs in Hebron, is shot and later dies. ](/news/2016/07/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-woman-in-what-was-construed-to-be-an-attempt-to-stab-israeli-border-police-officers-at-the-en.md) _Context: Hebron_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. A Palestinian wielding an ax attacks an Israeli soldier near Hebron and is shot dead while two 12-year-old Palestinians in Jerusalem are arrested by Israeli Police with three knives concealed in their coats on suspicion of planning to carry out a stabbing attack. ](/news/2016/04/14/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-wielding-an-ax-attacks-an-israeli-soldier-near-hebron-and-is-shot-dead-while-two-12-year-old-p.md) _Context: Hebron_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015). Two Palestinian attackers stab passers-by at the Old City's Jaffa Gate in Jerusalem, Israel, killing two and injuring one; the attackers are shot and killed by two Israeli Border Police officers. ](/news/2015/12/23/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-two-palestinian-attackers-stab-passers-by-at-the-old-city-s-jaffa-gate-in-jerusalem-israel-killing-tw.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015). A Palestinian rams his car into a bus stop near the Chords Bridge at the entrance to Jerusalem before being shot dead by police; fourteen people, including a toddler, are injured in the attack. ](/news/2015/12/14/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-a-palestinian-rams-his-car-into-a-bus-stop-near-the-chords-bridge-at-the-entrance-to-jerusalem-before-b.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015),. Three Palestinians are killed by Israeli forces, two in Hebron, one of whom reportedly tried to ram his car into soldiers and the other during a violent demonstration in the West Bank city. A third Palestinian died in clashes with Israeli troops at the border fence between the Gaza Strip and Israel. ](/news/2015/12/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-three-palestinians-are-killed-by-israeli-forces-two-in-hebron-one-of-whom-reportedly-tried-to-ram.md) _Context: Hebron_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015). Israeli forces shoot and kill a 72-year-old woman in Halhul, a town near Hebron. The soldiers say she attempted to wound them with her car. Her son denies this, saying his mother was on her way to lunch with her sister. Later, three Israelis are shot and wounded, one seriously, in two incidents in Hebron. ](/news/2015/11/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-israeli-forces-shoot-and-kill-a-72-year-old-woman-in-halhul-a-town-near-hebron-the-soldiers-say-she.md) _Context: Hebron_
