### [2015-11-13](/news/2015/11/13/index.md)

# Kurdish Peshmerga forces backed by U.S. airstrikes seize control of Sinjar in northern Iraq. Sinjar has been under Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant occupation since August 2014. 

Kurdish forces backed by U.S. air strikes seized the northern Iraqi town of Sinjar from Islamic State on Friday, a Reuters witness said, in one of the most significant counter-attacks since the militants swept through the north last year.


### Source:

1. [AP via Yahoo](http://news.yahoo.com/iraq-officials-suicide-bombing-baghdad-kills-17-121729470.html)
2. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/11/13/uk-mideast-crisis-iraq-sinjar-idUKKCN0T10BS20151113)

### Related:

1. [During a visit to Baghdad, U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter announces  that the United States will be sending more troops to the country to help in the fight against ISIL. The U.S. also plans to give Kurdish Peshmerga forces, which are fighting ISIL on the ground, more than $400m (PS280m; EUR350m) in assistance. ](/news/2016/04/18/during-a-visit-to-baghdad-u-s-defense-secretary-ash-carter-announces-that-the-united-states-will-be-sending-more-troops-to-the-country-to.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Iraqi Kurdistan, Islamic State, Peshmerga, United States_
2. [Kurdish Peshmerga forces discover a mass grave believed to contain the remains of more than 70 members of Iraq's Yazidi minority, mostly women, east of the recently liberated town of Sinjar. ](/news/2015/11/14/kurdish-peshmerga-forces-discover-a-mass-grave-believed-to-contain-the-remains-of-more-than-70-members-of-iraq-s-yazidi-minority-mostly-wom.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Peshmerga, Sinjar, recently liberated_
3. [Kurdish forces, backed by U.S. airstrikes, capture several villages in an offensive to retake the Iraqi town of Sinjar from Islamic State militants, who overran it more than a year ago. The operation aims to cordon off the town, take control of Islamic State supply routes, and establish a buffer zone to protect the town from artillery, according to the Kurdish national security council. ](/news/2015/11/12/kurdish-forces-backed-by-u-s-airstrikes-capture-several-villages-in-an-offensive-to-retake-the-iraqi-town-of-sinjar-from-islamic-state-mi.md) _Context: Islamic State, Peshmerga, Sinjar, United States_
4. [ISIL militants launch attacks on government buildings, police stations, and a power station in the city of Kirkuk, Iraqi Kurdistan, killing dozens of people. ](/news/2016/10/21/isil-militants-launch-attacks-on-government-buildings-police-stations-and-a-power-station-in-the-city-of-kirkuk-iraqi-kurdistan-killing.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Iraqi Kurdistan, Islamic State_
5. [According to the United States Department of Defense, ISIL fighters killed a Navy SEAL near Erbil. The sailor was assisting Kurdish Peshmerga forces in repelling an attack on the area. The SEAL was later identified as Arizona native Charles Keating IV, the son of Charles Keating III, and the grandson of the convicted noted late financier Charles Keating Jr., who was embroiled in the 1980s savings and loan scandal. ](/news/2016/05/3/according-to-the-united-states-department-of-defense-isil-fighters-killed-a-navy-seal-near-erbil-the-sailor-was-assisting-kurdish-peshmerg.md) _Context: Iraqi Kurdistan, Islamic State, Peshmerga_
6. [The United States Army's elite Delta Force captures their first suspected ISIL operative during a raid in northern Iraq. The detainee is being interrogated by the U.S. and is expected to be turned over to Iraqi officials in the coming days. ](/news/2016/03/1/the-united-states-army-s-elite-delta-force-captures-their-first-suspected-isil-operative-during-a-raid-in-northern-iraq-the-detainee-is-bei.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State, United States_
7. [Turkey refuses to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq despite being given a 48 hour ultimatum by Iraq to leave the country. Turkey says the troops are there as part of an international mission to train and equip Iraqi forces to fight against the Islamic State. The Iraqi government says it never invited such a force, and will take its case to the United Nations if they are not pulled out. ](/news/2015/12/7/turkey-refuses-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-despite-being-given-a-48-hour-ultimatum-by-iraq-to-leave-the-country-turkey-says-t.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Iraqi Kurdistan, Islamic State_
8. [American-led airstrikes kill at least 180 Islamic State fighters while local Kurdish forces repel an assault by 300 heavily armed militants in northern Iraq. ](/news/2015/12/17/american-led-airstrikes-kill-at-least-180-islamic-state-fighters-while-local-kurdish-forcesa-repel-an-assault-by-300-heavily-armed-militant.md) _Context: Iraqi Kurdistan, Islamic State, United States_
9. [The United States Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Marine Corps General Joseph Dunford arrived in Iraq to discuss the ongoing battle against ISIS. ](/news/2015/10/20/the-united-states-chairman-of-the-joint-chiefs-of-staff-marine-corps-general-joseph-dunford-arrived-in-iraq-to-discuss-the-ongoing-battle-a.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State, United States_
10. [According to security sources, dozens of people are killed in an overnight attack in Tikrit by suspected ISIL militants. 31 bodies were taken to a hospital, according to a local doctor, while more continued to be found by morning. ](/news/2017/04/5/according-to-security-sources-dozens-of-people-are-killed-in-an-overnight-attack-in-tikrit-by-suspected-isil-militants-31-bodies-were-take.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State_
