### [2015-11-13](/news/2015/11/13/index.md)

# Police in the Dominican Republic raid a mansion owned by 30-year-old Francisco Flores de Freites, one of the two nephews of Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro facing charges for allegedly trying to traffic 800 kg of cocaine into the U.S., and found more than 280 pounds of cocaine and 22 pounds of heroin hidden inside the nephew-s posh Casa de Campo property and a 135-foot yacht named -The Kingdom- docked behind it. 

Police in the Dominican Republic raided a mansion owned by one of the two nephews of the Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro.


### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://latino.foxnews.com/latino/news/2015/11/13/dominican-police-raid-mansion-yacht-venezuelan-president-kin-find-280lb-cocaine/)

### Related:

1. [2017 Venezuelan protests. Supporters of Venezuelan President Nicols Maduro storm the opposition-controlled National Assembly and injure several lawmakers, including the President of the National Assembly, Julio Borges. Several journalists were also injured in the assault. ](/news/2017/07/5/2017-venezuelan-protests-supporters-of-venezuelan-president-nicolas-maduro-storm-the-opposition-controlled-national-assembly-and-injure-sev.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
2. [2017 Venezuelan protests. Protesters march towards Venezuelan Supreme Court against what they feel is bias in favor of President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2017/07/22/2017-venezuelan-protests-protesters-march-towards-venezuelan-supreme-court-against-what-they-feel-is-bias-in-favor-of-president-nicolas-mad.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
3. [The President of Venezuela, Nicolas Maduro suspends plans to eliminate the 100 bolivar note from circulation, in a country where much of the population lives on cash, without bank accounts. ](/news/2016/12/17/the-president-of-venezuela-nicolas-maduro-suspends-plans-to-eliminate-the-100-bolavar-note-from-circulation-in-a-country-where-much-of-th.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
4. [Venezuela's National Election Council cancels a planned meeting to determine the validity of 1.85 million signatures on a petition for a referendum to oust President Nicols Maduro. ](/news/2016/06/3/venezuela-s-national-election-council-cancels-a-planned-meeting-to-determine-the-validity-of-1-85-million-signatures-on-a-petition-for-a-ref.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
5. [Nicols Maduro is sworn in as the President of Venezuela despite a review of the results of the Venezuelan presidential election. ](/news/2013/04/19/nicolas-maduro-is-sworn-in-as-the-president-of-venezuela-despite-a-review-of-the-results-of-the-venezuelan-presidential-election.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
6. [Haiti acknowledges the immediate international assistance it received from Cuba, the Dominican Republic and Venezuela following the recent earthquake and confirms the death toll has reached 150,000. ](/news/2010/01/29/haiti-acknowledges-the-immediate-international-assistance-it-received-from-cuba-the-dominican-republic-and-venezuela-following-the-recent-e.md) _Context: Dominican Republic, Venezuela_
7. [ The President of Venezuela Hugo Chvez calls for a cooling of tensions with Colombia at a summit of the Rio Group presidents in the Dominican Republic. The Rio Group later approves a declaration aimed at reducing tensions between, Ecuador, Venezuela and Colombia. ](/news/2008/03/7/the-president-of-venezuela-hugo-chavez-calls-for-a-cooling-of-tensions-with-colombia-at-a-summit-of-the-rio-group-presidents-in-the-dominic.md) _Context: Dominican Republic, Venezuela_
8. [ Venezuela's Foreign Minister Nicols Maduro is detained in John F. Kennedy International Airport for secondary screening. ](/news/2006/09/24/venezuela-s-foreign-minister-nicolas-maduro-is-detained-in-john-f-kennedy-international-airport-for-secondary-screening.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
9. [United States-Venezuela relations. The U.S. imposes new sanctions on eight Venezuelan officials, including Secretary of the 2017 Constituent Assembly Adan Chavez - the late President Hugo Chavez's brother, to "deter further democratic backsliding" in the South American country. ](/news/2017/08/9/united-states-venezuela-relations-the-u-s-imposes-new-sanctions-on-eight-venezuelan-officials-including-secretary-of-the-2017-constitue.md) _Context: Venezuela_
10. [Crisis in Venezuela. Socorro Flores Liera, Mexico's deputy foreign minister for Latin America and the Caribbean, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Mexico City, that during the first half of 2017, 1,420 Venezuelans have sought asylum in Mexico, a nearly four-fold jump compared to the 361 total Venezuelan asylum applicants for all of 2016, as the result of Venezuela's deepening political and economic crisis. ](/news/2017/08/4/crisis-in-venezuela-socorro-flores-liera-mexico-s-deputy-foreign-minister-for-latin-america-and-the-caribbean-speaks-during-an-interview.md) _Context: Venezuela_
