### [2015-11-13](/news/2015/11/13/index.md)

# South Korean news agency Yonhap reports China's mobile phone users are discarding 80 million devices annually, but almost none are being recycled. China's recycling rate stands at 9-10 percent of the global recycling average. 




### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2015/11/13/China-discards-80-million-phones-and-none-are-being-recycled/3751447442781/?spt=rln&or=4)

### Related:

1. [Gene editing. Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos. ](/news/2017/08/2/gene-editing-teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece.md) _Context: China, South Korea_
2. [2016 South Korean political scandal. South Korean prosecutors raid the offices of Samsung Electronics as part of a ongoing probe into President Park Geun-hye's controversial association with Choi Soon-sil. Yonhap News Agency reports prosecutors are investigating whether Samsung improperly provided financial assistance to Choi's daughter, Chung Yoo-ra. ](/news/2016/11/8/2016-south-korean-political-scandal-south-korean-prosecutors-raid-the-offices-of-samsung-electronics-as-part-of-a-ongoing-probe-into-presid.md) _Context: South Korea, Yonhap_
3. [A bus crashes and catches fire carrying tourists returning from a China tour on the Gyeongbu Expressway near Ulsan, South Korea, leaving ten people killed and nine injured. ](/news/2016/10/14/a-bus-crashes-and-catches-fire-carrying-tourists-returning-from-a-china-tour-on-the-gyeongbu-expressway-near-ulsan-south-korea-leaving-ten.md) _Context: China, South Korea_
4. [China bans K-pop stars and South Korean actors from attending promotional events in retaliation for Seoul's deployment of the U.S. THAAD anti-ballistic missile system. ](/news/2016/08/4/china-bans-k-pop-stars-and-south-korean-actors-from-attending-promotional-events-in-retaliation-for-seoul-s-deployment-of-the-u-s-thaad-ant.md) _Context: China, South Korea_
5. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. According to South Korea's Yonhap news agency, North Korea appears to be preparing a test-launch of an intermediate-range ballistic missile. This comes after what the United States described as the "fiery, catastrophic" failure of the first attempt a few days prior. ](/news/2016/04/26/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-according-to-south-korea-s-yonhap-news-agency-north-korea-appears-to-be-preparing-a-test-launc.md) _Context: South Korea, Yonhap_
6. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. South Korea's Yonhap news agency reports that North Korea tried to launch a BM25 Musudan intermediate-range ballistic missile but was unsuccessful. ](/news/2016/04/15/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-s-yonhap-news-agency-reports-that-north-korea-tried-to-launch-a-bm25-musudan-interm.md) _Context: South Korea, Yonhap_
7. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea deploys one or two intermediate-range ballistic missiles on its east coast, possibly preparing for launch on or around Friday, the anniversary of the birth of the country-s founder Kim Il-sung, according to South Korea-s Yonhap news agency. ](/news/2016/04/14/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-deploys-one-or-two-intermediate-range-ballistic-missiles-on-its-east-coast-possibl.md) _Context: South Korea, Yonhap_
8. [ North Korea - South Korea relations. North Korean defectors. North Korea accuses South Korea of kidnapping its citizens and demands their immediate return after Seoul's Ministry of Unification said 13 of them had defected to South Korea from China, where they worked in a Pyongyang-operated restaurant. China says that the 13 people, a male manager and 12 young female employees, had legitimate passports and had freely exited China. ](/news/2016/04/12/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korean-defectors-north-korea-accuses-south-korea-of-kidnapping-its-citizens-and-demands-their.md) _Context: China, South Korea_
9. [South Korea-United States relations. Four U.S. F-22 stealth fighters, escorted by other U.S. and South Korean jets, flew low over the Osan Air Base in a show of force following North Korea's recent rocket launch. The Yonhap news agency reported two of these stealth planes will be deployed in South Korea "for a while." ](/news/2016/02/17/south-korea-united-states-relations-four-u-s-f-22-stealth-fighters-escorted-by-other-u-s-and-south-korean-jets-flew-low-over-the-osan.md) _Context: South Korea, Yonhap_
10. [January 2016 East Asia cold wave. At least eighty-five people are killed in Taiwan and tens of thousands stranded in airports as an unprecedented cold snap hits several Asian countries including China and South Korea. ](/news/2016/01/25/january-2016-east-asia-cold-wave-at-least-eighty-five-people-are-killed-in-taiwan-and-tens-of-thousands-stranded-in-airports-as-an-unpreced.md) _Context: China, South Korea_
