### [2015-11-13](/news/2015/11/13/index.md)

# The bodies of eight babies are found wrapped in towels and inside plastic bags in an apartment in the town of Wallenfels in Germany's state of Bavaria. Authorities are looking for the apartment's most recent occupant, Andrea G, a 45-year-old woman. 

Woman (45) who lived in house where about seven bodies found described as &lsquo;caring mother&rsquo; 


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2015/11/13/europe/germany-babies-bodies-found/)
2. [Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/news/world/europe/german-police-search-for-woman-after-dead-babies-discovered-1.2429255)

### Related:

1. [Eighteen people are dead after a bus collides with a truck in the German state of Bavaria. ](/news/2017/07/3/eighteen-people-are-dead-after-a-bus-collides-with-a-truck-in-the-german-state-of-bavaria.md) _Context: Bavaria, Germany_
2. [ Bad Aibling rail accident: A German train controller, who was operating the tracks where two trains collided on February 9 near the town of Bad Aibling, Bavaria, is arrested on possible manslaughter charges. Prosecutors say the controller had been playing a game on his mobile phone, which led to his making signalling errors. The crash resulted in 11 deaths and 85 injuries, 24 serious. ](/news/2016/04/12/bad-aibling-rail-accident-a-german-train-controller-who-was-operating-the-tracks-where-two-trains-collided-on-february-9-near-the-town-of.md) _Context: Bavaria, Germany_
3. [Bad Aibling rail accident: Two passenger trains collide in the German town of Bad Aibling in the state of Bavaria. At least ten people are dead, one person is missing and presumed dead, about 80 are wounded, and 17 are seriously or critically injured. The rescue is difficult - resembling a mountain-type rescue - because of a nearby river and a steep incline and a curve in the tracks; rescue helicopters had to be used. It is one of Bavaria's and Germany's deadliest-ever railroad accidents. Human error is being examined as a possibility. ](/news/2016/02/9/bad-aibling-rail-accident-two-passenger-trains-collide-in-the-german-town-of-bad-aibling-in-the-state-of-bavaria-at-least-ten-people-are-d.md) _Context: Bavaria, Germany_
4. [European migrant crisis: The southern German state of Bavaria threatens to take the Federal German government to court if it fails to take immediate steps to limit the flow of migrants to Germany. Over 200,000 migrants are estimated to have entered Germany since the beginning of September, the vast majority over the Austrian border into Bavaria. ](/news/2015/10/9/european-migrant-crisis-the-southern-german-state-of-bavaria-threatens-to-take-the-federal-german-government-to-court-if-it-fails-to-take-i.md) _Context: Bavaria, Germany_
5. [European migrant crisis: The German state of Bavaria plans "emergency measures" in response to the migrant crisis, including deporting migrants back to Austria and closing the border. An estimated 225,000 migrants have arrived in the southern German state in less than five weeks. ](/news/2015/10/8/european-migrant-crisis-the-german-state-of-bavaria-plans-emergency-measures-in-response-to-the-migrant-crisis-including-deporting-migra.md) _Context: Bavaria, Germany_
6. [The murderer of two girls in Krailling, Bavaria (Germany) is convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment. ](/news/2012/04/16/the-murderer-of-two-girls-in-krailling-bavaria-germany-is-convicted-and-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment.md) _Context: Bavaria, Germany_
7. [Two girls (11 and 8 years old) were brutally murdered in their home in Krailling, Bavaria (Germany). ](/news/2011/03/24/two-girls-11-and-8-years-old-were-brutally-murdered-in-their-home-in-krailling-bavaria-germany.md) _Context: Bavaria, Germany_
8. [Four German pensioners aged 61 to 80 are found guilty of kidnapping their own financial adviser from his home and driving him 450km (280 miles) to southern Bavaria, with the ringleader and his accomplice being jailed. ](/news/2010/03/23/four-german-pensioners-aged-61-to-80-are-found-guilty-of-kidnapping-their-own-financial-adviser-from-his-home-and-driving-him-450km-280-mil.md) _Context: Bavaria, Germany_
9. [Child sex abuse in the Catholic Church:: Polls in Germany, particularly Bavaria, indicate the church's credibility has decreased and government data indicates people are leaving the church. ](/news/2010/03/22/child-sex-abuse-in-the-catholic-church-polls-in-germany-particularly-bavaria-indicate-the-church-s-credibility-has-decreased-and-governm.md) _Context: Bavaria, Germany_
10. [ A number of children are injured in an attack at the Carolinum secondary school in the Bavarian town of Ansbach. German police arrest a man. ](/news/2009/09/17/a-number-of-children-are-injured-in-an-attack-at-the-carolinum-secondary-school-in-the-bavarian-town-of-ansbach-german-police-arrest-a-man.md) _Context: Bavaria, Germany_
