### [2015-11-13](/news/2015/11/13/index.md)

# Yelena Isinbayeva, a former Russian Olympic pole-vaulting champion calls on the IAAF not to punish honest athletes in response to doping allegations against Russia. 

Yelena Isinbayeva, a former Russian Olympic pole-vaulting champion, on Friday called on the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) not to punish honest athletes in response to doping allegations against Russia.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/13/us-athletics-corruption-isinbayeva-idUSKCN0T21ZN20151113)

### Related:

1. [Russian pole vaulter Yelena Isinbayeva, who has two Olympic gold medals and 30 world records, told Sky News she is going to fight for what she believes to be her right to compete at the 2016 Olympics. She calls on the IAAF, at the world governing track and field organization's annual meeting on 26 November,  to rescind their ban on clean Russian athletes.  ](/news/2015/11/20/russian-pole-vaulter-yelena-isinbayeva-who-has-two-olympic-gold-medals-and-30-world-records-told-sky-news-she-is-going-to-fight-for-what-s.md) _Context: Russia, Summer Olympics, Yelena Isinbayeva, pole vault_
2. [A World Anti-Doping Agency investigation into a Russian doping scandal recommends the suspension of Russian athletes from international competition and lifetime bans for five athletes, four coaches and an administrator. Among the athletes are London Olympic medalists Mariya Savinova-Farnosova and Ekaterina Poistogova. ](/news/2015/11/9/a-world-anti-doping-agency-investigation-into-a-russian-doping-scandal-recommends-the-suspension-of-russian-athletes-from-international-comp.md) _Context: Russia, doping_
3. [Russian Sports Minister Vitaly Mutko says there will be no boycott of next year's Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, and that he is ready to own up to some of the charges leveled in the World Anti-Doping Agency commission's massive report on doping, the Associated Press reports. ](/news/2015/11/12/russian-sports-minister-vitaly-mutko-says-there-will-be-no-boycott-of-next-year-s-olympics-in-rio-de-janeiro-and-that-he-is-ready-to-own-up.md) _Context: Russia, doping_
4. [Four athletes who won medals at the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens are disqualified for doping. Ukraine's Yuriy Bilonoh will lose his gold medal in the shot put, while Belarus hammer thrower Ivan Tsikhan must return his silver. Two Athens bronze medalists, Russian shot putter Svetlana Krivelyova and discus thrower Irina Yatchenko of Belarus, are also affected by the IOC decision. No decision was taken on reallocating the medals yet. ](/news/2012/12/6/four-athletes-who-won-medals-at-the-2004-olympic-games-in-athens-are-disqualified-for-doping-ukraine-s-yuriy-bilonoh-will-lose-his-gold-med.md) _Context: Russia, doping_
5. [Russian authorities discover and deactivate an explosive device in a Saint Petersburg flat, during ongoing raids occurring in response to the bombing. ](/news/2017/04/6/russian-authorities-discover-and-deactivate-an-explosive-device-in-a-saint-petersburg-flat-during-ongoing-raids-occurring-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Russia_
6. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The ''Novaya Gazeta'' newspaper  reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: Russia_
7. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: Russia_
8. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia had failed to protect students and teachers during the 2004 Beslan school siege, which left 334 people dead, and orders the Russian Government to pay 2,955,000 euros to 409 relatives of the victims. The ruling was quickly denounced by Russia as "unacceptable". ](/news/2017/04/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-had-failed-to-protect-students-and-teachers-during-the-2004-beslan-school-siege-which.md) _Context: Russia_
9. [Russian president Vladimir Putin attends the International Arctic Forum in Arkhangelsk, Russia. He says there that he is ready to meet U.S. President Donald Trump in Helsinki, Finland. ](/news/2017/03/30/russian-president-vladimir-putin-attends-the-international-arctic-forum-in-arkhangelsk-russia-he-says-there-that-he-is-ready-to-meet-u-s.md) _Context: Russia_
10. [Authorities detain hundreds of people, including Alexei Navalny, at anti-corruption protests across Russia. ](/news/2017/03/26/authorities-detain-hundreds-of-people-including-alexei-navalny-at-anti-corruption-protests-across-russia.md) _Context: Russia_
