### [2009-12-12](/news/2009/12/12/index.md)

#  Annise Parker is elected Mayor of Houston, which becomes the largest United States city with an openly gay person elected mayor. 

The city controller, Annise Parker, who avoided making an issue of her sexual orientation, won a run-off election.


### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.khou.com/news/Houston-Mayoral-candidates-Were-ready-79091657.html)
2. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2009/12/13/us/politics/13houston.html)

### Related:

1. [Veteran Texas lawmaker Sylvester Turner edges out  businessman Bill King by just over 4,000 votes in Houston's runoff mayoral election.  Turner, a Democratic member of the Texas House of Representatives since 1989, took 51 percent of the vote.  King conceded defeat and encouraged  Houston citizens to support the incoming mayor. Turner succeeds Annise Parker who was not eligible to run for re-election.  ](/news/2015/12/13/veteran-texas-lawmaker-sylvester-turner-edges-out-businessman-bill-king-by-just-over-4-000-votes-in-houston-s-runoff-mayoral-election-tur.md) _Context: Annise Parker, Houston_
2. [ The full 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in Chicago rules (8-3) that the 1964 Civil Rights Act protects LGBT employees from workplace discrimination. ](/news/2017/04/4/the-full-7th-u-s-circuit-court-of-appeals-in-chicago-rules-8-3-that-the-1964-civil-rights-act-protects-lgbt-employees-from-workplace-dis.md) _Context: LGBT rights in the United States_
3. [A gunman opens fire at a Houston shopping center and injures nine people. Responding police kill the shooter afterwards. ](/news/2016/09/26/a-gunman-opens-fire-at-a-houston-shopping-center-and-injures-nine-people-responding-police-kill-the-shooter-afterwards.md) _Context: Houston_
4. [Three people aboard a small plane are killed when the aircraft crashes into a parked car near the Houston, Texas, Hobby Airport. ](/news/2016/06/9/three-people-aboard-a-small-plane-are-killed-when-the-aircraft-crashes-into-a-parked-car-near-the-houston-texas-hobby-airport.md) _Context: Houston_
5. [Record rainfall and severe flooding in southeast Texas has killed at least two people with three others missing. On Thursday, a record 16.6 inches (42 cm) of rain fell in Brenham,  west of Houston. ](/news/2016/05/27/record-rainfall-and-severe-flooding-in-southeast-texas-has-killed-at-least-two-people-with-three-others-missing-on-thursday-a-record-16-6.md) _Context: Houston_
6. [A group of United States mayors forms ''"Mayors Against Discrimination"'' in the wake of  recent discriminatory laws enacted  in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carol.md) _Context: LGBT rights in the United States_
7. [The Mississippi Hospitality and Restaurant Association, in response to the potential backlash from Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant's signing of the known-as ''religious freedom'' bill which permits denial of services because of religious belief, will distribute decals that say "Everyone's Welcome Here."  Mike Cashion, MHRA director, says the  bill "created a level of controversy" that affects Mississippi's image. ](/news/2016/04/7/the-mississippi-hospitality-and-restaurant-association-in-response-to-the-potential-backlash-from-mississippi-governor-phil-bryant-s-signin.md) _Context: LGBT rights in the United States_
8. [Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant approves a new law that allows religious groups and private businesses to deny services to gay and transgender people. ](/news/2016/04/5/mississippi-governor-phil-bryant-approves-a-new-law-that-allows-religious-groups-and-private-businesses-to-deny-services-to-gay-and-transgen.md) _Context: LGBT rights in the United States_
9. [Louisiana Governor John Bel Edwards signs an anti-discrimination order protecting the rights of gay and transgender people that  rescinds one his immediate predecessor, Bobby Jindal, signed that sought to limit same-sex marriage rights and the ability of transgender people to choose which public restrooms they may use. ](/news/2016/04/13/louisiana-governor-john-bel-edwards-signs-an-anti-discrimination-order-protecting-the-rights-of-gay-and-transgender-people-that-rescinds-on.md) _Context: LGBT rights in the United States_
10. [Residents in the United States' fourth largest city are voting in a runoff election to choose the new mayor of Houston, Texas. The race is between the top two finishers in November's non-partisan election: Sylvester Turner, a veteran lawmaker seeking to expand economic opportunities; and, Bill King, a businessman pledging to fix city finances. ](/news/2015/12/12/residents-in-the-united-states-fourth-largest-city-are-voting-in-a-runoff-election-to-choose-the-new-mayor-of-houston-texas-the-race-is-b.md) _Context: Houston_
