### [2010-10-24](/news/2010/10/24/index.md)

# "Israeli commandos fired 308 live bullets at the MV "Mavi Marmara" to repel passengers who attacked them with lethal weapons",says Israel's top general as he testifies before a state-appointed inquest into May's Gaza flotilla raid. 

Israeli commandos fired 308 live bullets aboard a Gaza-bound aid ship last May to repel passengers who attacked them with lethal&hellip;


### Source:

1. [The Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/breaking/2010/1024/breaking11.html?via=mr)

### Related:

1. [Thousands of people shouting "death to Israel" gather at Sarayburnu port in Istanbul to welcome back the MV "Mavi Marmara", draped with a banner containing faces of the 9 people killed during the Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2010/12/26/thousands-of-people-shouting-death-to-israel-gather-at-sarayburnu-port-in-istanbul-to-welcome-back-the-mv-mavi-marmara-draped-with-a-ba.md) _Context:  MV ''Mavi Marmara'', Gaza flotilla raid, Israel_
2. [A panel of human rights experts convened by the United Nations Human Rights Council says Israel's seizure of the MV Mavi Marmara in the Gaza flotilla raid was "clearly unlawful". ](/news/2010/09/22/a-panel-of-human-rights-experts-convened-by-the-united-nations-human-rights-council-says-israel-s-seizure-of-the-mv-mavi-marmara-in-the-gaza.md) _Context:  MV ''Mavi Marmara'', Gaza flotilla raid, Israel_
3. [Israel releases the MV "Mavi Marmara", the aid ship which it impounded after killing nine activists during May's Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2010/08/5/israel-releases-the-mv-mavi-marmara-the-aid-ship-which-it-impounded-after-killing-nine-activists-during-may-s-gaza-flotilla-raid.md) _Context:  MV ''Mavi Marmara'', Gaza flotilla raid, Israel_
4. [A Turkish ship carrying humanitarian aid for the Gaza Strip docks at the Israeli port city of Ashdod, the first warming move between the two countries since relations began to improve. Relations between Turkey and Israel were tense since the 2010 Gaza flotilla raid but ended last week when Turkey agreed to normalize ties in a diplomatic treaty. ](/news/2016/07/4/a-turkish-ship-carrying-humanitarian-aid-for-the-gaza-strip-docks-at-the-israeli-port-city-of-ashdod-the-first-warming-move-between-the-two.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel_
5. [Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu apologizes to his Turkish counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdogan for the death of nine activists during a flotilla raid in Gaza in 2010 and offers compensation for their families. ](/news/2013/03/22/israel-s-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-apologizes-to-his-turkish-counterpart-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-for-the-death-of-nine-activists-durin.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel_
6. [Israel's State Comptroller criticises prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu's decision-making during the 2010 Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2012/06/13/israel-s-state-comptroller-criticises-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-s-decision-making-during-the-2010-gaza-flotilla-raid.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel_
7. [Israeli lawmakers dedicate a session of parliament to possible commemorations of the Armenian genocide, now that relations with Turkey have deteriorated since Israel killed nine Turks in international waters of the Mediterranean Sea in 2010. ](/news/2012/06/12/israeli-lawmakers-dedicate-a-session-of-parliament-to-possible-commemorations-of-the-armenian-genocide-now-that-relations-with-turkey-have.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel_
8. [Turkey requests that Israel pass on the names and addresses of the soldiers who raided a Gaza-bound flotilla, killing nine Turks last May. ](/news/2011/05/14/turkey-requests-that-israel-pass-on-the-names-and-addresses-of-the-soldiers-who-raided-a-gaza-bound-flotilla-killing-nine-turks-last-may.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel_
9. [One of the operatives on a boat caught in Israel's Gaza flotilla raid suggests Israel's report into the attack is a "PR exercise". ](/news/2011/01/24/one-of-the-operatives-on-a-boat-caught-in-israel-s-gaza-flotilla-raid-suggests-israel-s-report-into-the-attack-is-a-pr-exercise.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel_
10. [An Israeli inquiry finds its own army acts "legal pursuant to the rules of international law" during May's fatal Gaza flotilla raid in which 9 Turkish activists were killed; a separate United Nations inquiry said there had been an "unacceptable level of brutality". The inquiry also declares Israel's naval blockade of Gaza to be legal. ](/news/2011/01/23/an-israeli-inquiry-finds-its-own-army-acts-legal-pursuant-to-the-rules-of-international-law-during-may-s-fatal-gaza-flotilla-raid-in-which.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel_
