### [2010-10-24](/news/2010/10/24/index.md)

# Scientists studying the Gulf of Mexico oil disaster's impact find substantial amounts of oil on the seafloor, contradicting statements by US government officials that the oil has largely disappeared [http://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/2010-10-25-oilresearch25_ST_N.htm ("USA Today") ]




### Related:

1. [London-based BP agrees, pending court approval, to pay $US18.7 billion to compensate the United States government and the five Gulf Coast states--Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas--for damages stemming from the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill. The settlement includes a civil penalty of $US5.5 billion under the Clean Water Act. ](/news/2015/07/2/london-based-bp-agrees-pending-court-approval-to-pay-us18-7-billion-to-compensate-the-united-states-government-and-the-five-gulf-coast-st.md) _Context: Deepwater Horizon oil spill_
2. [U.S. federal magistrate Carl Barbier's ruling caps BP's fine under the Clean Water Act for its 2010 "Deepwater Horizon" oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico at $13.7 billion. ](/news/2015/01/16/u-s-federal-magistrate-carl-barbier-s-ruling-caps-bp-s-fine-under-the-clean-water-act-for-its-2010-deepwater-horizon-oil-spill-in-the-gul.md) _Context: Deepwater Horizon oil spill_
3. [The US Supreme Court rejects BP's challenge to their "Deepwater Horizon" gulf oil spill settlement. ](/news/2014/12/8/the-us-supreme-court-rejects-bp-s-challenge-to-their-deepwater-horizon-gulf-oil-spill-settlement.md) _Context: Deepwater Horizon oil spill_
4. [For $8.5 billion, ten banks settle to stop mortgage foreclosure process audits. The United States government regulators had been engaged in a loan-by-loan review of home loan practices during the Great Recession. Bank of America, Citigroup Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo & Co, MetLife Bank, Aurora Bank FSB, PNC Financial Services Group Inc, Sovereign Bank NA, SunTrust Banks Inc, and U.S. Bancorp settle with regulators to pay out cash up to $125,000 to homeowners whose homes were being foreclosed when the paperwork problems emerged. Further, Bank of America agrees to pay $11.6 billion to government mortgage finance company Fannie Mae. ](/news/2013/01/7/for-8-5-billion-ten-banks-settle-to-stop-mortgage-foreclosure-process-audits-the-united-states-government-regulators-had-been-engaged-in.md) _Context: government_
5. [The United States Environmental Protection Agency announces that BP has been suspended from bidding on future US government contracts as a result of the 2010 "Deepwater Horizon" oil spill. ](/news/2012/11/28/the-united-states-environmental-protection-agency-announces-that-bp-has-been-suspended-from-bidding-on-future-us-government-contracts-as-a-r.md) _Context: government_
6. [The United States Department of Justice files papers in court documenting BP's "gross negligence and willful misconduct" over the April 2010 oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2012/09/4/the-united-states-department-of-justice-files-papers-in-court-documenting-bp-s-gross-negligence-and-willful-misconduct-over-the-april-2010.md) _Context: Deepwater Horizon oil spill_
7. [BP and plaintiffs reach an agreement over compensation for the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2012/03/2/bp-and-plaintiffs-reach-an-agreement-over-compensation-for-the-deepwater-horizon-oil-spill-in-the-gulf-of-mexico.md) _Context: Deepwater Horizon oil spill_
8. [The U.S. Chemical Safety and Hazard Investigation Board believes that there may have been a fundamental safety design problems with the device that failed to stop the Deepwater Horizon oil spill and has asked for more time to test it. ](/news/2011/03/4/the-u-s-chemical-safety-and-hazard-investigation-board-believes-that-there-may-have-been-a-fundamental-safety-design-problems-with-the-devi.md) _Context: Deepwater Horizon oil spill_
9. [A possible oil slick appears and spreads near the Mississippi Delta off the coast of Grand Isle, Louisiana, suspected to be an oil spill from the Matterhorn Seastar oil rig near the Deepwater Horizon oil spill location or silt contamination from a nearby dredging operation. ](/news/2011/03/20/a-possible-oil-slick-appears-and-spreads-near-the-mississippi-delta-off-the-coast-of-grand-isle-louisiana-suspected-to-be-an-oil-spill-fro.md) _Context: Deepwater Horizon oil spill_
10. [The United States Government grants its first deepwater drilling license since the Deepwater Horizon oil spill to Noble Energy. ](/news/2011/02/28/the-united-states-government-grants-its-first-deepwater-drilling-license-since-the-deepwater-horizon-oil-spill-to-noble-energy.md) _Context: Deepwater Horizon oil spill_
