### [2010-10-24](/news/2010/10/24/index.md)

# The United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees starts an emergency airlift to Benin which is suffering its worst flooding in decade. 

The UN refugee agency is to start an emergency airlift of tents to the West African nation of Benin which has seen its worst flooding in decades.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-11616789)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: According to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, the total number of refugees from Syria reaches over five million. ](/news/2017/03/30/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-united-nations-high-commissioner-for-refugees-the-total-number-of-refugees-from-syria-reaches-over-five.md) _Context: United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees_
2. [2016-17 Zimbabwe floods: Since December, flooding in Zimbabwe has killed 246 people and nearly 2,000 more have been left homeless, according to officials. ](/news/2017/03/3/2016-17-zimbabwe-floods-since-december-flooding-in-zimbabwe-has-killed-246-people-and-nearly-2-000-more-have-been-left-homeless-accordi.md) _Context: flood_
3. [Three UNHCR workers - one from Sudan and two from Nepal - are kidnapped by unidentified gunmen in Geneina, the capital of the West Darfur state. ](/news/2016/11/28/three-unhcr-workers-one-from-sudan-and-two-from-nepal-are-kidnapped-by-unidentified-gunmen-in-geneina-the-capital-of-the-west-darfur-st.md) _Context: United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees_
4. [Iraqi Civil War: Military intervention against ISIL: The United Nations reports that ISIL appears to have captured up to 3,000 fleeing Iraqi villagers from Hawija District headed to Kirkuk city. Militants reportedly executed 12 people. Earlier, the Iraqi Observatory for Human Rights said ISIL is using people for human shields against attacks by Iraqi security forces. ](/news/2016/08/5/iraqi-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-the-united-nations-reports-that-isil-appears-to-have-captured-up-to-3-000-fleeing-iraqi.md) _Context: United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees_
5. [Floods resulting from the annual monsoon season cause 22 deaths and make 100,000 people homeless in India. ](/news/2016/07/11/floods-resulting-from-the-annual-monsoon-season-cause-22-deaths-and-make-100-000-people-homeless-in-india.md) _Context: flood_
6. [According to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, the number of people displaced by conflicts in the world is at its highest level ever recorded, with an estimated 65.3 million people either being refugees, internally displaced or asylum seekers. ](/news/2016/06/20/according-to-the-united-nations-high-commissioner-for-refugees-the-number-of-people-displaced-by-conflicts-in-the-world-is-at-its-highest-l.md) _Context: United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees_
7. [Beninese businessman Patrice Talon is sworn in as the new President of Benin. ](/news/2016/04/6/beninese-businessman-patrice-talon-is-sworn-in-as-the-new-president-of-benin.md) _Context: Beninese_
8. [Refugee rights: Australia-Papua New Guinea relations: Australian Immigration Minister Peter Dutton says Australia and Papua New Guinea will hold emergency talks next week about asylum seekers Australia has been holding on PNG's Los Negros Island in Manus Province. Tuesday, the Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea ruled this detention is illegal, and ordered the PNG and Australian governments to immediately take steps to end it. An Iranian refugee detainee remains in critical condition after setting himself on fire yesterday to protest Australia's treatment of refugees while the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees was visiting the island. ](/news/2016/04/28/refugee-rights-australia-papua-new-guinea-relations-australian-immigration-minister-peter-dutton-says-australia-and-papua-new-guinea-wil.md) _Context: United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees_
9. [An Iranian asylum seeker self-immolates himself in Nauru to protest Australia's treatment of refugees. The protest coincides with a visit by representatives from the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees to the island. Instead of admitting refugees into the country, Australia has been sending them to Nauru or Papua New Guinea. ](/news/2016/04/27/an-iranian-asylum-seeker-self-immolates-himself-in-nauru-to-protest-australia-s-treatment-of-refugees-the-protest-coincides-with-a-visit-by.md) _Context: United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees_
10. [Beninese presidential election, 2016: Voters in Benin go to the polls for the first round of voting in a presidential election with 33 candidates vying to replace current President Thomas Yayi Boni. ](/news/2016/03/6/beninese-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-benin-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-round-of-voting-in-a-presidential-election-with-33-candi.md) _Context: Beninese_
