### [2017-05-22](/news/2017/05/22/index.md)

# According to sources familiar with his decision, former U.S. National Security Advisor Michael Flynn invokes his Fifth Amendment protection against self-incrimination and declines to comply with a subpoena from the Senate Intelligence Committee investigating possible Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election. 

Former White House national security adviser Michael Flynn declined on Monday to comply with a subpoena from the Senate Intelligence Committee as it investigates possible Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-russia-idUSKBN18I1U9)
2. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/22/us/politics/michael-flynn-fifth-amendment-russia-senate.html?hp&action=click&pgtype=Homepage&clickSource=story-heading&module=first-column-region&region=top-news&WT.nav=top-news)
2. [Cover Image](http://s3.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20170522&t=2&i=1185741787&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXMPED4L13O)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. Attorney's Office in Alexandria, Virginia, through U.S. Attorney Dana Boente, issues subpoenas to former National Security Advisor Michael T. Flynn to assess the extent of his ties to Russia. ](/news/2017/05/10/the-u-s-attorney-s-office-in-alexandria-virginia-through-u-s-attorney-dana-boente-issues-subpoenas-to-former-national-security-advisor.md) _Context: Michael Flynn, National Security Advisor, Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections, subpoena_
2. [James Comey, the former FBI Director who was dismissed by President Donald Trump last month, appears before the United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. Comey says he believes he was fired because of the FBI investigation into the possible collusion between President Trump's campaign team and Russia's interference in the 2016 elections.](/news/2017/06/8/james-comey-the-former-fbi-director-who-was-dismissed-by-president-donald-trump-last-month-appears-before-the-united-states-senate-select.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections, United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence_
3. [Michael T. Flynn is willing to testify under the condition of immunity in the ongoing congressional probe on Russia's role in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. ](/news/2017/03/30/michael-t-flynn-is-willing-to-testify-under-the-condition-of-immunity-in-the-ongoing-congressional-probe-on-russia-s-role-in-the-2016-u-s.md) _Context: Michael Flynn, Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
4. [Michael T. Flynn resigns as National Security Advisor following controversy over his alleged contacts with Russian officials. Retired United States Army general Keith Kellogg subsequently becomes acting National Security Advisor until a permanent replacement is appointed. ](/news/2017/02/13/michael-t-flynn-resigns-as-national-security-advisor-following-controversy-over-his-alleged-contacts-with-russian-officials-retired-united.md) _Context: Michael Flynn, National Security Advisor_
5. [Officials serving on President-elect Donald Trump's transition team reveal selections for high-level positions, including Senator Jeff Sessions for Attorney General, Mike Pompeo for Director of the CIA and Michael T. Flynn for National Security Advisor. ](/news/2016/11/18/officials-serving-on-president-elect-donald-trump-s-transition-team-reveal-selections-for-high-level-positions-including-senator-jeff-sessi.md) _Context: Michael Flynn, National Security Advisor_
6. [Facebook agrees to disclose ads that ran in the U.S. in 2016 from accounts associated with a Russian entity known as the Internet Research Agency to United States Congressional investigators. Earlier, this information was provided to Special Counsel Robert Mueller. ](/news/2017/09/21/facebook-agrees-to-disclose-ads-that-ran-in-the-u-s-in-2016-from-accounts-associated-with-a-russian-entity-known-as-the-internet-research-a.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
7. [The United States Department of Justice has requested Moscow-based Russian media channel RT America to register as a foreign lobbying firm in the United States. ](/news/2017/09/12/the-united-states-department-of-justice-has-requested-moscow-based-russian-media-channel-rt-america-to-register-as-a-foreign-lobbying-firm-i.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
8. [Special counsel Robert Mueller has impaneled a grand jury in Washington, D.C. to investigate allegations of Russia's interference in the 2016 elections. ](/news/2017/08/3/special-counsel-robert-mueller-has-impaneled-a-grand-jury-in-washington-d-c-to-investigate-allegations-of-russiaas-interference-in-the-2.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
9. [The U.S. House of Representatives votes in favor of economic sanctions against Russia for its interference in the 2016 U.S. election, and against Iran and North Korea for their weapons programs. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-economic-sanctions-against-russia-for-its-interference-in-the-2016-u-s-election-and-ag.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
10. [After "The Intercept" publishes a classified NSA document describing Russian efforts to launch cyberattacks on U.S. voting software suppliers, the United States Department of Justice announces it had brought charges upon Reality Winner, the alleged leaker. ](/news/2017/06/5/after-the-intercept-publishes-a-classified-nsa-document-describing-russian-efforts-to-launch-cyberattacks-on-u-s-voting-software-supplier.md) _Context: Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections_
