### [2017-05-22](/news/2017/05/22/index.md)

# Alleged Russian interference in the 2016 United States electionsAccording to sources familiar with his decision, former U.S. National Security Advisor Michael Flynn invokes his Fifth Amendment protection against self-incrimination and declines to comply with a subpoena from the Senate Intelligence Committee investigating possible Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election. 

Former White House national security adviser Michael Flynn declined on Monday to comply with a subpoena from the Senate Intelligence Committee as it investigates possible Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-russia-idUSKBN18I1U9)
2. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/22/us/politics/michael-flynn-fifth-amendment-russia-senate.html?hp&action=click&pgtype=Homepage&clickSource=story-heading&module=first-column-region&region=top-news&WT.nav=top-news)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. Attorney's Office in Alexandria, Virginia, through U.S. Attorney Dana Boente, issues subpoenas to former National Security Advisor Michael T. Flynn to assess the extent of his ties to Russia. ](/news/2017/05/10/the-u-s-attorney-s-office-in-alexandria-virginia-through-u-s-attorney-dana-boente-issues-subpoenas-to-former-national-security-advisor.md) _Context: Michael Flynn, National Security Advisor, subpoena_
2. [Michael T. Flynn resigns as National Security Advisor following controversy over his alleged contacts with Russian officials. Retired United States Army general Keith Kellogg subsequently becomes acting  National Security Advisor until a permanent replacement is appointed. ](/news/2017/02/13/michael-t-flynn-resigns-as-national-security-advisor-following-controversy-over-his-alleged-contacts-with-russian-officials-retired-united.md) _Context: Michael Flynn, National Security Advisor_
3. [Officials serving on President-elect Donald Trump's transition team reveal selections for high-level positions, including Senator Jeff Sessions for Attorney General, Mike Pompeo for Director of the CIA and Michael T. Flynn for National Security Advisor. ](/news/2016/11/18/officials-serving-on-president-elect-donald-trump-s-transition-team-reveal-selections-for-high-level-positions-including-senator-jeff-sessi.md) _Context: Michael Flynn, National Security Advisor_
4. [''The New York Times'' reports that a memo from James Comey, read in part to a reporter by a Comey associate, revealed that President Donald Trump asked him to end the F.B.I. investigation of Michael T. Flynn. The White House denies the version of events in the memo. ](/news/2017/05/16/the-new-york-times-reports-that-a-memo-from-james-comey-read-in-part-to-a-reporter-by-a-comey-associate-revealed-that-president-donald.md) _Context: Michael Flynn_
5. [Michael T. Flynn is willing to testify under the condition of immunity in the ongoing congressional probe on Russia's role in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. ](/news/2017/03/30/michael-t-flynn-is-willing-to-testify-under-the-condition-of-immunity-in-the-ongoing-congressional-probe-on-russia-s-role-in-the-2016-u-s.md) _Context: Michael Flynn_
6. [President Donald Trump names United States Army Lt. General H. R. McMaster as National Security Advisor and says that U.S. Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg, who has been the acting NSA, will remain as the NSC's Chief of Staff. ](/news/2017/02/20/president-donald-trump-names-united-states-army-lt-general-h-r-mcmaster-as-national-security-advisor-and-says-that-u-s-lt-gen-keith-ke.md) _Context: National Security Advisor_
7. [Kurt Eichenwald claims that Donald Trump and his businesses have been destroying documents, even in ongoing court cases and under subpoena, during the last decades. ](/news/2016/10/31/kurt-eichenwald-claims-that-donald-trump-and-his-businesses-have-been-destroying-documents-even-in-ongoing-court-cases-and-under-subpoena.md) _Context: subpoena_
8. [The 2016 Republican National Convention gets underway in Cleveland, Ohio. With the day's theme being national and local security, notable speakers include reality television star Willie Robertson, actor Scott Baio, former Governor of Texas Rick Perry, former Mayor of New York City Rudy Giuliani, Milwaukee County sheriff David Clarke, retired United States Army lieutenant general Michael T. Flynn and Melania Trump, wife of presumptive Republican nominee for President of the United States Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-2016-republican-national-convention-gets-underway-in-cleveland-ohio-with-the-day-s-theme-being-national-and-local-security-notable-sp.md) _Context: Michael Flynn_
9. [United States National Security Advisor Susan Rice and Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi agree on a draft resolution that would expand United Nations Security Council sanctions following North Korea's latest nuclear test. U.S. President Barack Obama participated in the meeting. The draft is now headed to the  full 15-member council. ](/news/2016/02/24/united-states-national-security-advisor-susan-rice-and-chinese-foreign-minister-wang-yi-agree-on-a-draft-resolution-that-would-expand-united.md) _Context: National Security Advisor_
10. [ExxonMobil says that it is preparing a response to the subpoena from the Attorney General of New York pursuant to an investigation into whether Exxon has misled the public about climate change. ](/news/2015/11/5/exxonmobil-says-that-it-is-preparing-a-response-to-the-subpoena-from-the-attorney-general-of-new-york-pursuant-to-an-investigation-into-whet.md) _Context: subpoena_
