### [2017-05-22](/news/2017/05/22/index.md)

# Because of a nationwide shortage of intravenous sodium bicarbonate (i.e., baking soda solution), United States hospitals are rationing its use in heart surgery, chemotherapy, for patients whose blood is too acidic, and as an antidote to certain poisons. The two primary producers, Amphastar and Pfizer, indicate that supplies will not increase until late June. 




### Source:

1. [FiercePharma.com](http://www.fiercepharma.com/pharma/hospitals-scramble-for-sodium-bicarbonate-1-8-drugs-pfizer-says-it-currently-has-a-shortage)
2. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/21/health/sodium-bicarbonate-solution-critical-shortage-hospitals.html?module=ArrowsNav&contentCollection=Health&action=keypress&region=FixedLeft&pgtype=article)

### Related:

1. [A judge in Alkmaar, the Netherlands, grants a 12-year-old boy the right to decide for himself on whether or not to continue chemotherapy. The ruling was based on a psychiatric evaluation of the patient as being "capable of a reasonable evaluation of his interests and realizes the consequences -- including the negative ones -- of his decision." ](/news/2017/05/12/a-judge-in-alkmaar-the-netherlands-grants-a-12-year-old-boy-the-right-to-decide-for-himself-on-whether-or-not-to-continue-chemotherapy-th.md) _Context: chemotherapy_
2. [Pfizer Inc. decides to terminate its $160 billion merger with Allergan, Plc as officials in Washington crack down on corporate inversions. Pfizer will need to pay a $400 million fee to Allergan for expenses relating to the deal. ](/news/2016/04/5/pfizer-inc-decides-to-terminate-its-160-billion-merger-with-allergan-plc-as-officials-in-washington-crack-down-on-corporate-inversions-p.md) _Context: Pfizer_
3. [The U.S. Treasury Department announces new regulations to curb tax-avoiding corporate inversions, i.e., where U.S. companies slash their tax bills by claiming a new tax home overseas, though their core operations and management remain in the United States. The pending $160 billion merger of Pfizer Inc. and Allergan, Plc could be cancelled because of these new rules. ](/news/2016/04/4/the-u-s-treasury-department-announces-new-regulations-to-curb-tax-avoiding-corporate-inversions-i-e-where-u-s-companies-slash-their-tax.md) _Context: Pfizer_
4. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves marketing of a cooling cap system to reduce hair loss in female breast cancer patients during chemotherapy. The DigniCap scalp cooling system, a product first available in Sweden in the 1990s, produces near-freezing temperatures that make it harder for cancer-fighting drugs to reach and harm hair follicles. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-marketing-of-a-cooling-cap-system-to-reduce-hair-loss-in-female-breast-cancer-patien.md) _Context: chemotherapy_
5. [American pharmaceutical companies Pfizer and Allergan, Plc announce plans to merge to form the world's largest drug company. The merger is subject to approval from regulators in the U.S., European Union and elsewhere as well as approval by shareholders of both companies. If approved, the deal will reduce tax revenue paid to the U.S. by approximately $930 million. ](/news/2015/11/23/american-pharmaceutical-companies-pfizer-and-allergan-plc-announce-plans-to-merge-to-form-the-world-s-largest-drug-company-the-merger-is-s.md) _Context: Pfizer_
6. [The Obama Administration through the U.S. Treasury Department will clamp down further on corporate income tax-avoiding inversion deals by U.S. companies with foreign rivals. There is a pending inversion deal between U.S. drug maker Pfizer Inc. and smaller Irish competitor Allergan, Plc. ](/news/2015/11/18/the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-treasury-department-will-clamp-down-further-on-corporate-income-tax-avoiding-inversion-deals-by-u.md) _Context: Pfizer_
7. [American pharmaceutical company Pfizer announces plans to acquire Hospira at a cost of $17 billion. ](/news/2015/02/5/american-pharmaceutical-company-pfizer-announces-plans-to-acquire-hospira-at-a-cost-of-17-billion.md) _Context: Pfizer_
8. [Pfizer announces plans to release an over-the-counter version of heartburn medication Nexium. ](/news/2014/05/27/pfizer-announces-plans-to-release-an-over-the-counter-version-of-heartburn-medication-nexium.md) _Context: Pfizer_
9. [Drugmaker Pfizer says it will not proceed with its attempted $119 billion bid for AstraZeneca. ](/news/2014/05/26/drugmaker-pfizer-says-it-will-not-proceed-with-its-attempted-119-billion-bid-for-astrazeneca.md) _Context: Pfizer_
10. [AstraZeneca rejects the latest, and likely the last, takeover price from Pfizer, close to 70 billion pounds or US$118 billion. ](/news/2014/05/19/astrazeneca-rejects-the-latest-and-likely-the-last-takeover-price-from-pfizer-close-to-70-billion-pounds-or-us-118-billion.md) _Context: Pfizer_
