### [2017-05-22](/news/2017/05/22/index.md)

# British Prime Minister Theresa May faces backlash after accusations emerge that the Conservatives allegedly planned on reducing social welfare spending. 

Prime minister spends day battling against accusations of indecision after change to policy outlined in manifesto


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2017/may/22/jeremy-corbyn-plans-to-speak-to-families-of-ira-hyde-park-bombing-victims)
2. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/society/2017/may/22/theresa-may-faces-chaos-and-confusion-claims-after-social-care-u-turn)

### Related:

1. [Conservative politician Theresa May accuses European Union officials of trying to influence the upcoming elections. ](/news/2017/05/3/conservative-politician-theresa-may-accuses-european-union-officials-of-trying-to-influence-the-upcoming-elections.md) _Context: Conservatives, Theresa May, United Kingdom general election_
2. [Conservative leader Theresa May states she will be a "bloody difficult woman" in her negotiations with Jean-Claude Juncker regarding the rights of EU nationals after Brexit. ](/news/2017/05/2/conservative-leader-theresa-may-states-she-will-be-a-bloody-difficult-woman-in-her-negotiations-with-jean-claude-juncker-regarding-the-rig.md) _Context: Conservatives, Theresa May, United Kingdom general election_
3. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: Theresa May, United Kingdom general election_
4. [Andrea Leadsom withdraws from the leadership election meaning that Theresa May will become the next leader of the Conservative Party and next Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. ](/news/2016/07/11/andrea-leadsom-withdraws-from-the-leadership-election-meaning-that-theresa-may-will-become-the-next-leader-of-the-conservative-party-and-nex.md) _Context: Conservatives, Theresa May_
5. [Theresa May announces that the British terror threat level has been downgraded from "critical" to "severe" and that Operation Temperer will be phased out shortly, following productive counter-terrorism investigations. ](/news/2017/05/27/theresa-may-announces-that-the-british-terror-threat-level-has-been-downgraded-from-critical-to-severe-and-that-operation-temperer-will.md) _Context: Theresa May_
6. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to ''The New York Times''. British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.md) _Context: Theresa May_
7. [Campaigning in the United Kingdom general election is suspended after the bombing at the Manchester Arena. The death toll is 22 with 59 injured. ISIL claims responsibility. Singer and actress Ariana Grande suspends her Dangerous Woman Tour. ](/news/2017/05/23/campaigning-in-the-united-kingdom-general-election-is-suspended-after-the-bombing-at-the-manchester-arena-the-death-toll-is-22-with-59-inju.md) _Context: United Kingdom general election_
8. [An unknown person or organization leaks a 45-page draft campaign manifesto, described as "the most left-wing," of the Labour Party, that is due for official confirmation tomorrow. ](/news/2017/05/11/an-unknown-person-or-organization-leaks-a-45-page-draft-campaign-manifesto-described-as-the-most-left-wing-of-the-labour-party-that-is.md) _Context: United Kingdom general election_
9. [The Communist Party of Britain announces it will not field any candidates in the upcoming general election for the first time since its formation in 1920, and endorses Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, saying victory for Mr Corbyn at the general election in June would be "the first step towards a formation of left-led government at Westminster". ](/news/2017/04/24/the-communist-party-of-britain-announces-it-will-not-field-any-candidates-in-the-upcoming-general-election-for-the-first-time-since-its-form.md) _Context: United Kingdom general election_
10. [Jeremy Corbyn, the leader of the opposition Labour Party, positions himself as an "anti-establishment" candidate as he vows to end the "rigged" system. ](/news/2017/04/20/jeremy-corbyn-the-leader-of-the-opposition-labour-party-positions-himself-as-an-anti-establishment-candidate-as-he-vows-to-end-the-rigg.md) _Context: United Kingdom general election_
