### [2017-05-22](/news/2017/05/22/index.md)

# "My Family's Slave": A controversial piece written in "The Atlantic" magazine about the Filipino servant caste and the Filipino American family involved in it triggers a debate in both the Philippines and the United States. 

Lola and the universality of women’s exploitation


### Source:

1. [The Atlantic](https://www.theatlantic.com/business/archive/2017/05/mother-wife-slave/527610/)

### Related:

1. [Marawi crisis: Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte says he is "not aware" of the United States providing support to the Philippine government's military intervention against Islamists in Marawi. Duterte also said that he "never approached America for help". ](/news/2017/06/11/marawi-crisis-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-is-not-aware-of-the-united-states-providing-support-to-the-philippine-governm.md) _Context: Philippines, United States_
2. [Marawi crisis: United States special forces join the battle in Marawi, Philippines, against the Maute. ](/news/2017/06/10/marawi-crisis-united-states-special-forces-join-the-battle-in-marawi-philippines-against-the-maute.md) _Context: Philippines, United States_
3. [Amnesty International releases a report criticizing the rise of populist leaders such as Donald Trump of the United States, Viktor Orban of Hungary, Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. ](/news/2017/02/22/amnesty-international-releases-a-report-criticizing-the-rise-of-populist-leaders-such-as-donald-trump-of-the-united-states-viktor-orba-n-of.md) _Context: Philippines, United States_
4. [Philippines-United States relations: Philippine Drug War: United States State Department blocks the sale of firearms to the Philippines due to concerns of human rights violations. ](/news/2016/11/2/philippines-united-states-relations-philippine-drug-war-united-states-state-department-blocks-the-sale-of-firearms-to-the-philippines-du.md) _Context: Philippines, United States_
5. [Philippines-United States relations: The Philippines Secretary of National Defense Delfin Lorenzana suspends participation in any joint patrols with the United States in the disputed South China Sea. Lorenzana will ask a detachment of 107 U.S. troops providing counterterrorism assistance on the southern island of Mindanao to leave as President Rodrigo Duterte requested. ](/news/2016/10/7/philippines-united-states-relations-the-philippines-secretary-of-national-defense-delfin-lorenzana-suspends-participation-in-any-joint-pa.md) _Context: Philippines, United States_
6. [Philippines-United States relations: Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte says he plans to cut ties with his country's former colonial ruler, the United States, while strengthening ties with China. ](/news/2016/10/20/philippines-united-states-relations-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-plans-to-cut-ties-with-his-country-s-former-colonial-ru.md) _Context: Philippines, United States_
7. [Philippines-United Kingdom relations: Philippines-United States relations: The United States and the United Kingdom issue travel alerts for their citizens to avoid the Sulu Archipelago in the southwestern Philippines where a wave of kidnappings by Abu Sayyaf militants has occurred. ](/news/2016/04/21/philippines-united-kingdom-relations-philippines-united-states-relations-the-united-states-and-the-united-kingdom-issue-travel-alerts-for.md) _Context: Philippines, United States_
8. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: Admiral John Richardson says the United States has seen Chinese activity around Scarborough Shoal, which China seized from the Philippines nearly four years ago, in the northern part of the Spratly archipelago of the South China Sea. An international court ruling on a case brought by the Philippines against China over its South China Sea claims is expected within a month. ](/news/2016/03/17/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-admiral-john-richardson-says-the-united-states-has-seen-chinese-activity-around-scarborough-sho.md) _Context: Philippines, United States_
9. [ASEAN Summit: United States President Barack Obama hosts a two-day summit in Rancho Mirage, California with leaders of the ASEAN member states, including democratically-elected Benigno Aquino III of the Philippines and Joko Widodo of Indonesia as well as autocratic rulers such as Hun Sen of Cambodia and Najib Razak of Malaysia. ](/news/2016/02/15/asean-summit-united-states-president-barack-obama-hosts-a-two-day-summit-in-rancho-mirage-california-with-leaders-of-the-asean-member-stat.md) _Context: Philippines, United States_
10. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: China completes the construction of two lighthouses on the disputed Spratly Islands in the South China Sea according to Chinese state media. The U.S. and the Philippines have opposed the construction efforts. ](/news/2015/10/10/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-completes-the-construction-of-two-lighthouses-on-the-disputed-spratly-islands-in-the-sout.md) _Context: Philippines, United States_
