### [2017-05-22](/news/2017/05/22/index.md)

# North Korea's official Korean Central News Agency reports the country's leader, Kim Jong-un, has approved deployment of the  Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile, and ordered mass production  of the system. The United Nations Security Council will hold a closed-door session Tuesday to discuss the test. 

The United Nations Security Council will hold a closed-door session Tuesday to discuss the latest missile test. 


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/22/world/asia/north-korea-missile-test.html?_r=0)
2. [USA Today](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2017/05/22/north-korea-says-mass-produce-ballistic-missile/102007226/)

### Related:

1. [South Korea reports North Korea fired a Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile that flew 500 km before landing in the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/05/21/south-korea-reports-north-korea-fired-a-pukguksong-2-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-that-flew-500-km-before-landing-in-the-sea-of-japa.md) _Context: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, Pukguksong-2, intermediate-range ballistic missile_
2. [North Korea's state media reports Supreme Leader Kim Jong-un, in comments released today, states  the country has miniaturized nuclear warheads to be mounted on ballistic missiles, and has ordered improvements in the power and precision of its arsenal. ](/news/2016/03/9/north-korea-s-state-media-reports-supreme-leader-kim-jong-un-in-comments-released-today-states-the-country-has-miniaturized-nuclear-warhe.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, Korean Central News Agency, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
3. [North Korea's supreme leader Kim Jong-un says his country will soon conduct a nuclear warhead test and test launch ballistic missiles capable of carrying nuclear warheads, according to North Korea's state media. ](/news/2016/03/14/north-korea-s-supreme-leader-kim-jong-un-says-his-country-will-soon-conduct-a-nuclear-warhead-test-and-test-launch-ballistic-missiles-capabl.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, Korean Central News Agency, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
4. [Kim Jong-un, the supreme leader of North Korea, announces that the country is now in possession of a hydrogen bomb, according to North Korean state media. Experts from South Korea however are skeptical about this claim. ](/news/2015/12/10/kim-jong-un-the-supreme-leader-of-north-korea-announces-that-the-country-is-now-in-possession-of-a-hydrogen-bomb-according-to-north-korea.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, Korean Central News Agency, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
5. [Kim Jong Un, the leader of North Korea, claims that the country is close to developing an intercontinental ballistic missile. ](/news/2017/01/1/kim-jong-un-the-leader-of-north-korea-claims-that-the-country-is-close-to-developing-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
6. [The United Nations Security Council  condemns North Korea's most recent ballistic missile launches as a grave violation of the international ban, and urges all countries "to redouble their efforts" to fully implement the March sanctions.  ](/news/2016/06/23/the-united-nations-security-council-condemns-north-korea-s-most-recent-ballistic-missile-launches-as-a-grave-violation-of-the-international.md) _Context: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, United Nations Security Council_
7. [South Korea reports that North Korea has tested two BM25 Musudan intermediate-range ballistic missiles. ](/news/2016/06/22/south-korea-reports-that-north-korea-has-tested-two-bm25-musudan-intermediate-range-ballistic-missiles.md) _Context: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, intermediate-range ballistic missile_
8. [North Korea attempts again to launch a BM25 Musudan intermediate-range ballistic missile capable of striking South Korea or Japan but is unsuccessful. ](/news/2016/05/31/north-korea-attempts-again-to-launch-a-bm25-musudan-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-capable-of-striking-south-korea-or-japan-but-is-uns.md) _Context: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, intermediate-range ballistic missile_
9. [South Korea's Yonhap news agency reports that North Korea tried to launch a BM25 Musudan intermediate-range ballistic missile but was unsuccessful. ](/news/2016/04/15/south-korea-s-yonhap-news-agency-reports-that-north-korea-tried-to-launch-a-bm25-musudan-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-but-was-unsucc.md) _Context: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, intermediate-range ballistic missile_
10. [The United Nations Security Council adopts the toughest sanctions on North Korea in twenty years due to continued efforts to develop a nuclear weapons program. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-united-nations-security-council-adopts-the-toughest-sanctions-on-north-korea-in-twenty-years-due-to-continued-efforts-to-develop-a-nucle.md) _Context: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, United Nations Security Council_
