### [2017-05-22](/news/2017/05/22/index.md)

# Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who later had to cut short his visit to Moscow because of terrorist attacks on the Philippine southern island of Mindanao, tells Russia President Vladimir Putin that the Philippines is looking to Russia for modern arms to fight ISIL. 

Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte told Russian leader Vladimir Putin that the Philippines needs modern arms to fight Islamic State and that he expected Russian support.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-russis-philippines-idUSKBN18J2XF)
1. [Cover Image](//s4.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20170523&t=2&i=1185985517&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXMPED4M1UU)

### Related:

1. [Coinciding with the 45th anniversary of the declaration of martial law in 1972 by the late Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos, nationwide protests are conducted by various groups against the government's implementation of war on drugs and the ongoing martial law in the whole of Mindanao under the administration of President Rodrigo Duterte. ](/news/2017/09/21/coinciding-with-the-45th-anniversary-of-the-declaration-of-martial-law-in-1972-by-the-late-philippine-president-ferdinand-marcos-nationwide.md) _Context: Mindanao, Philippine President, Rodrigo Duterte_
2. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte plans to appeal to the Congress of the Philippines to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao, which will end on 22 July 10 PM PST) until the end of 2017, due to constitutional constraints as well as the ongoing Marawi crisis. ](/news/2017/07/17/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-plans-to-appeal-to-the-congress-of-the-philippines-to-extend-proclamation-no-216-martial-law.md) _Context: Mindanao, Philippine President, Rodrigo Duterte_
3. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte tells soldiers fighting in Mindanao, where he proclaimed martial law earlier this week, that he will accept responsibility for abuses they commit, and jokes that "[i]f you had raped three, I will admit it, that's on me." ](/news/2017/05/27/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-tells-soldiers-fighting-in-mindanao-where-he-proclaimed-martial-law-earlier-this-week-that-he.md) _Context: Mindanao, Philippine President, Rodrigo Duterte_
4. [President Rodrigo Duterte declares martial law in the island of Mindanao after Maute militants clash with army troops in Marawi, Lanao del Sur. ](/news/2017/05/23/president-rodrigo-duterte-declares-martial-law-in-the-island-of-mindanao-after-maute-militants-clash-with-army-troops-in-marawi-lanao-del-s.md) _Context: Mindanao, Philippine President, Rodrigo Duterte_
5. [In response to criticism of his government's extrajudicial killings of 1,800 people since July, Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte says that U.S. forces advising the Armed Forces of the Philippines against an Islamic insurgency in Mindanao are doing more harm than good and must leave the country, saying, "I do not want a rift with America, but they have to go," during a speech in Manila. ](/news/2016/09/12/in-response-to-criticism-of-his-government-s-extrajudicial-killings-of-1-800-people-since-july-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-th.md) _Context: Mindanao, Philippine President, Rodrigo Duterte_
6. [A fire at a warehouse in Moscow, Russia, kills at least 17 people, all migrant workers from Kyrgyzstan. The Investigative Committee of Russia, which reports directly to President Vladimir Putin, says a criminal inquiry has been launched. ](/news/2016/08/27/a-fire-at-a-warehouse-in-moscow-russia-kills-at-least-17-people-all-migrant-workers-from-kyrgyzstan-the-investigative-committee-of-russi.md) _Context: Moscow, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
7. [ U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry leaves for Moscow for talks on Syria and Ukraine with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on Wednesday. Kerry is also expected to discuss the case of Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko, who today was sentenced to 22 years in prison in the city of Donetsk. ](/news/2016/03/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-leaves-for-moscow-for-talks-on-syria-and-ukraine-with-russian-president-vladimir-putin-and-foreign-minis.md) _Context: Moscow, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
8. [Finland and Russia agree to impose temporary restrictions at two Arctic border crossing points on the Finnish-Russian border following an increased flow of asylum seekers from Russia to Finland. Under a deal clinched by Russian President Vladimir Putin and Finnish President Sauli Niinisto in Moscow, crossings at two popular entry points, Salla and Raja-Jooseppi, will be reserved only for Finnish, Russian and Belarusian citizens and their family members for a period of 180 days. ](/news/2016/03/22/finland-and-russia-agree-to-impose-temporary-restrictions-at-two-arctic-border-crossing-points-on-the-finnisharussian-border-following-an.md) _Context: Moscow, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
9. [Russian President Vladimir Putin says he hopes nuclear warheads will not be needed to deal with terrorists, after Russia launched cruise missiles at Islamic State positions in Syria from one of its Kilo-class submarines in the Mediterranean. ](/news/2015/12/9/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-he-hopes-nuclear-warheads-will-not-be-needed-to-deal-with-terrorists-after-russia-launched-cruise-mis.md) _Context: ISIL, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
10. [The President of Syria Bashar al-Assad visits Moscow for talks with the President of Russia Vladimir Putin in an unannounced visit. ](/news/2015/10/21/the-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-visits-moscow-for-talks-with-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-in-an-unannounced-visit.md) _Context: Moscow, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
