### [2017-05-22](/news/2017/05/22/index.md)

# The Philippines clarifies a controversial remark about a potential "war" with China amid criticism from Filipinos. 

President Rodrigo Duterte said Xi Jinping had warned him there would be war if the Philippines tried to search for oil in the South China Sea.


### Source:

1. [Business Insider](http://www.businessinsider.com/r-philippine-minister-starts-damage-control-after-dutertes-china-war-remark-2017-5)

### Related:

1. ["Philippines v. China": The Permanent Court of Arbitration rules in favor of the Philippines against China over territorial disputes in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/07/12/philippines-v-china-the-permanent-court-of-arbitration-rules-in-favor-of-the-philippines-against-china-over-territorial-disputes-in-the.md) _Context: China, Philippines, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
2. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: Admiral John Richardson says the United States has seen Chinese activity around Scarborough Shoal, which China seized from the Philippines nearly four years ago, in the northern part of the Spratly archipelago of the South China Sea. An international court ruling on a case brought by the Philippines against China over its South China Sea claims is expected within a month. ](/news/2016/03/17/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-admiral-john-richardson-says-the-united-states-has-seen-chinese-activity-around-scarborough-sho.md) _Context: China, Philippines, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
3. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: The Permanent Court of Arbitration in The Hague rules it has jurisdiction to hear the Philippines' case against China over maritime disputes in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/10/30/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-the-permanent-court-of-arbitration-in-the-hague-rules-it-has-jurisdiction-to-hear-the-philippin.md) _Context: China, Philippines, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
4. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: China completes the construction of two lighthouses on the disputed Spratly Islands in the South China Sea according to Chinese state media. The U.S. and the Philippines have opposed the construction efforts. ](/news/2015/10/10/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-completes-the-construction-of-two-lighthouses-on-the-disputed-spratly-islands-in-the-sout.md) _Context: China, Philippines, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
5. [Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank: Seven out of 57 countries defer joining the China-dominated bank. While most of them cite temporary procedural constraints at home, political reasons are involved with the case of the Philippines amid a territorial dispute with China in South China Sea. ](/news/2015/06/30/asian-infrastructure-investment-bank-seven-out-of-57-countries-defer-joining-the-china-dominated-bank-while-most-of-them-cite-temporary-pr.md) _Context: China, Philippines, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
6. [China imposes a "fishing permit" rule in the South China Sea, much to the chagrin of the United States, the Philippines, and Vietnam. ](/news/2014/01/10/china-imposes-a-fishing-permit-rule-in-the-south-china-sea-much-to-the-chagrin-of-the-united-states-the-philippines-and-vietnam.md) _Context: China, Philippines, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
7. [China's defense ministry criticizes the United States for allegedly increasing tensions in the Asia-Pacific region by increasing its military presence and supporting Japan, the Philippines and Vietnam in longstanding territorial disputes. ](/news/2013/04/16/china-s-defense-ministry-criticizes-the-united-states-for-allegedly-increasing-tensions-in-the-asia-pacific-region-by-increasing-its-militar.md) _Context: China, Philippines, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
8. [The government of the Philippines announces that it will file a complaint against China before the International Tribunal for the Law of the Sea seeking arbitration for the territorial disputes in the South China Sea. ](/news/2013/01/22/the-government-of-the-philippines-announces-that-it-will-file-a-complaint-against-china-before-the-international-tribunal-for-the-law-of-the.md) _Context: China, Philippines, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
9. [United Nations Ocean Conference: At a United Nations-Oceans summit, delegates from China, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand, four of the top polluters of plastic into the oceans, pledge to reduce their levels of oceanic plastic pollution. ](/news/2017/06/8/united-nations-ocean-conference-at-a-united-nations-oceans-summit-delegates-from-china-indonesia-the-philippines-and-thailand-four-of-t.md) _Context: China, Philippines_
10. [China-Philippines relations: Former Philippine president Fidel Ramos quits as the Philippines' special envoy to China amid a falling out with his mentee current Filipino president Rodrigo Duterte. ](/news/2016/11/1/china-philippines-relations-former-philippine-president-fidel-ramos-quits-as-the-philippines-special-envoy-to-china-amid-a-falling-out-w.md) _Context: China, Philippines_
