### [2017-05-22](/news/2017/05/22/index.md)

# Turkey summons United States Ambassador John R. Bass to protest alleged "aggressive and unprofessional actions" by American security personnel against Turkish bodyguards, calling for the United States to conduct a full investigation on the May 17 clashes. The American ambassador told Turkey's government that its guards violated U.S. laws. Last week, the U.S. summoned Turkish Ambassador Serdar Kilic to discuss about Turkish security officers hitting and kicking peaceful protesters outside the Turkish ambassador's residence in Washington, D.C. 

Turkey is calling for a full investigation of &quot;aggressive&quot; actions taken by American security personnel following a protest-turned-brawl outside the Turkish Embassy in Washington, D.C.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/turkey-slams-us-aggressive-acts-bodyguards-47559398)
2. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/05/22/529550044/u-s-turkey-dispute-over-washington-protest-heats-up)
2. [Cover Image](https://media.npr.org/include/images/facebook-default-wide.jpg?s=1400)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. summons Turkish ambassador Serdar Kilic after violence between protesters and Turkish security personnel outside the Embassy of Turkey, Washington, D.C. leaves over a dozen people injured. U.S. Senator John McCain calls on the Trump administration to expel the ambassador. ](/news/2017/05/18/the-u-s-summons-turkish-ambassador-serdar-ka-la-ass-after-violence-between-protesters-and-turkish-security-personnel-outside-the-embassy-of.md) _Context: Turkey, United States_
2. [At least 47 ISIL militants have been killed by Turkish and U.S.-led bombing raids by fighter jets on the town of al-Bab in the last 24 hours, with the Turkish Armed Forces attacking 135 other ISIL targets in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/3/at-least-47-isil-militants-have-been-killed-by-turkish-and-u-s-led-bombing-raids-by-fighter-jets-on-the-town-of-al-bab-in-the-last-24-hours.md) _Context: Turkey, United States_
3. [Amnesty International releases a report criticizing the rise of populist leaders such as Donald Trump of the United States, Viktor Orban of Hungary, Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. ](/news/2017/02/22/amnesty-international-releases-a-report-criticizing-the-rise-of-populist-leaders-such-as-donald-trump-of-the-united-states-viktor-orba-n-of.md) _Context: Turkey, United States_
4. [The United States orders all civilian staff family members to leave its consulate in Istanbul, Turkey, due to increasing threats from terrorist organizations. ](/news/2016/10/30/the-united-states-orders-all-civilian-staff-family-members-to-leave-its-consulate-in-istanbul-turkey-due-to-increasing-threats-from-terror.md) _Context: Turkey, United States_
5. [A Turkish court places the influential "Zaman" newspaper under state control. "Zaman" is closely linked to the Gulen movement of influential U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, a former ally of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. ](/news/2016/03/4/a-turkish-court-places-the-influential-zaman-newspaper-under-state-control-zaman-is-closely-linked-to-the-ga1-4len-movement-of-influentia.md) _Context: Turkey, United States_
6. [An explosion occurs in Taksim Square in Istanbul, Turkey, kills five people, including two dual citizenship Israeli-Americans and one Iranian citizen, and injures several dozen others. ](/news/2016/03/19/an-explosion-occurs-in-taksim-square-in-istanbul-turkey-kills-five-people-including-two-dual-citizenship-israeli-americans-and-one-irania.md) _Context: Turkey, United States_
7. [Kurdish parties in northern Syria declare the establishment of a federal system in areas they control. Turkey and the United States had warned this risks further destabilizing the already war-ravaged country. The move was criticized by the government of Syria. ](/news/2016/03/17/kurdish-parties-in-northern-syria-declare-the-establishment-of-a-federal-system-in-areas-they-control-turkey-and-the-united-states-had-warn.md) _Context: Turkey, United States_
8. [A United States Treasury official says ISIL has made over $500 million selling oil to Syrian President Bashar Assad's government, and has also sold oil to Turkey. ](/news/2015/12/10/a-united-states-treasury-official-says-isil-has-made-over-500-million-selling-oil-to-syrian-president-bashar-assadas-government-and-has.md) _Context: Turkey, United States_
9. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saudi.md) _Context: Turkey, United States_
10. [ The U.S. deploys around a dozen A-10 ground-attack planes to Turkey's southern Incirlik Air Base. A U.S. military official said the deployment had "added capability" to the coalition's efforts against ISIL in Iraq and Syria. ](/news/2015/10/20/the-u-s-deploys-around-a-dozen-a-10-ground-attack-planes-to-turkey-s-southern-incirlik-air-base-a-u-s-military-official-said-the-deploym.md) _Context: Turkey, United States_
