### [2017-05-22](/news/2017/05/22/index.md)

# United Kingdom general election, 2017. British Prime Minister Theresa May faces backlash after accusations emerge that the Conservatives allegedly planned on reducing social welfare spending. 

Prime minister spends day battling against accusations of indecision after change to policy outlined in manifesto


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2017/may/22/jeremy-corbyn-plans-to-speak-to-families-of-ira-hyde-park-bombing-victims)
2. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/society/2017/may/22/theresa-may-faces-chaos-and-confusion-claims-after-social-care-u-turn)

### Related:

1. [United Kingdom general election, 2017. Conservative politician Theresa May accuses European Union officials of trying to influence the upcoming elections. ](/news/2017/05/3/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-conservative-politician-theresa-may-accuses-european-union-officials-of-trying-to-influence-the-upcom.md) _Context: Conservatives, Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
2. [United Kingdom general election, 2017. Conservative leader Theresa May states she will be a "bloody difficult woman" in her negotiations with Jean-Claude Juncker regarding the rights of EU nationals after Brexit. ](/news/2017/05/2/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-conservative-leader-theresa-may-states-she-will-be-a-bloody-difficult-woman-in-her-negotiations-wit.md) _Context: Conservatives, Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
3. [United Kingdom general election, 2017. Results of yesterday's snap election are counted, revealing a hung parliament as the Conservative Party fails to retain its parliamentary majority, despite remaining the party with the most seats. Prime Minister Theresa May announced that she will form a minority government with the support of the Northern Irish Democratic Unionist Party. ](/news/2017/06/9/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-results-of-yesterday-s-snap-election-are-counted-revealing-a-hung-parliament-as-the-conservative-par.md) _Context: Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
4. [United Kingdom general election, 2017. Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-c.md) _Context: Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
5. [Aftermath of the United Kingdom general election, 2017. Prime Minister Theresa May's closest advisers, Fiona Hill and Nick Timothy, resign as her Chiefs of Staff amid criticism over their role in the Conservative Party's election campaign. ](/news/2017/06/10/aftermath-of-the-united-kingdom-general-election-2017-prime-minister-theresa-may-s-closest-advisers-fiona-hill-and-nick-timothy-resign-a.md) _Context: Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
6. [United Kingdom general election, 2017. Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn debates with Conservative leader Theresa May. ](/news/2017/05/29/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-debates-with-conservative-leader-theresa-may.md) _Context: Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
7. [United Kingdom general election, 2017. British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held.md) _Context: Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
8. [Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016. Andrea Leadsom withdraws from the leadership election meaning that Theresa May will become the next leader of the Conservative Party and next Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. ](/news/2016/07/11/conservative-party-uk-leadership-election-2016-andrea-leadsom-withdraws-from-the-leadership-election-meaning-that-theresa-may-will-becom.md) _Context: Conservatives, Theresa May_
9. [Death and funeral of Helmut Kohl. World leaders such as Bill Clinton, Emmanuel Macron, Theresa May, Dmitry Medvedev and Angela Merkel attend the memorial service for the former West German leader Helmut Kohl. ](/news/2017/07/1/death-and-funeral-of-helmut-kohl-world-leaders-such-as-bill-clinton-emmanuel-macron-theresa-may-dmitry-medvedev-and-angela-merkel-attend.md) _Context: Theresa May_
10. [United Kingdom general election, 2017. All major parties suspend their campaigns following last night's terror attack in London. The general election, scheduled for June 8, is not expected to be postponed. ](/news/2017/06/4/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-all-major-parties-suspend-their-campaigns-following-last-night-s-terror-attack-in-london-the-general.md) _Context: United Kingdom general election, 2017_
