### [2016-06-2](/news/2016/06/2/index.md)

# The Supreme Court of the United States accepts a petition by five people from American Samoa arguing that people born in this U.S. territory are entitled to U.S citizenship under the United States Constitution. The State Department currently opposes this idea. 

The United States Supreme Court will next week consider a petition from five American Samoans arguing they are entitled to US citizenship.


### Source:

1. [Radio New Zealand](http://www.radionz.co.nz/international/pacific-news/305464/american-samoa-citizenship-case-reaches-us-supreme-court)

### Related:

1. [Same-sex marriage in the United States:The U.S. Supreme Court rules that Section 3 of the Defense of Marriage Act is unconstitutional and in violation of the Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution. ](/news/2013/06/26/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-pthe-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-section-3-of-the-defense-of-marriage-act-is-unconstitutional-and-i.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court, United States Constitution_
2. [ The Supreme Court of the United States hears arguments on whether execution by lethal injection is a violation of the Constitution's ban on "cruel and unusual punishment." ](/news/2008/01/7/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-hears-arguments-on-whether-execution-by-lethal-injection-is-a-violation-of-the-constitution-s-ban-on.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court, United States Constitution_
3. [Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated.  Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterday-the-united-sta.md) _Context: United States Department of State_
4. [The U.S. Supreme Court rules that the North Carolina state legislative members do not have standing to request an appeal of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ruling against a law which it found discriminated against black voters. ](/news/2017/05/15/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-the-north-carolina-state-legislative-members-do-not-have-standing-to-request-an-appeal-of-the-u-s-court-o.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
5. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
6. [The Supreme Court of the United States refuses to vacate a stay of execution issued by the Arkansas Supreme Court. Arkansas's highest court has also put on hold the execution of another inmate, Bruce Ward. The state had planned to execute eight inmates in eleven days. That schedule, as well as the use of the drug midazolam, sparked a broad range of legal challenges and humanitarian concerns about the executions. Today's planned execution of Don W. Davis would have been the state's first since 2005. ](/news/2017/04/18/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-refuses-to-vacate-a-stay-of-execution-issued-by-the-arkansas-supreme-court-arkansas-s-highest-court.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
7. [U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyers tell a federal court, in a case alleging negligence and incitement to riot during a 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, that he is "immune from suit because he is President of the United States." A lawyer for the plaintiffs responds that, in ''Clinton v. Jones'', the Supreme Court found the president could be sued for events that occurred before he took office. ](/news/2017/04/15/u-s-president-donald-trump-s-lawyers-tell-a-federal-court-in-a-case-alleging-negligence-and-incitement-to-riot-during-a-2016-campaign-rall.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
8. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
9. [The Senate Judiciary Committee begins hearings on the nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch to the Supreme Court of the United States. ](/news/2017/03/20/the-senate-judiciary-committee-begins-hearings-on-the-nomination-of-judge-neil-m-gorsuch-to-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
10. [U.S. immigration suspension, ''State of Washington v. Trump''The Department of Homeland Security says it has stopped enforcing the executive order per Judge James Robart's ruling in ''State of Washington v. Trump''. The State Department activates visas that had been previously suspended because of this order. ](/news/2017/02/4/u-s-immigration-suspension-state-of-washington-v-trump-pthe-department-of-homeland-security-says-it-has-stopped-enforcing-the-executiv.md) _Context: United States Department of State_
