### [2015-02-16](/news/2015/02/16/index.md)

# 2014-15 North American winter: A winter storm warning is in place for Washington, D.C. and the American states of Virginia and Maryland with schools closed and transport advisories in place. 

Roads and sidewalks will refreeze overnight, and several D.C. area school districts have already decided to stay closed Wednesday.


### Source:

1. [NBC Washington](http://www.nbcwashington.com/news/local/Snow-Showers-Squalls-to-Move-into-Region-291960621.html?_osource=SocialFlowTwt_DCBrand)
2. [WSMV](http://www.wsmv.com/story/28123418/state-of-emergency-declared-in-tn-due-to-winter-weather)

### Related:

1. [ United States presidential election, 2008:: Illinois Senator Barack Obama wins the District of Columbia, Maryland and Virginia Democratic primaries. Obama now leads Sen. Hillary Clinton in the delegate count for the first time since early in the campaign. ](/news/2008/02/12/united-states-presidential-election-2008-illinois-senator-barack-obama-wins-the-district-of-columbia-maryland-and-virginia-democratic-p.md) _Context: Maryland, Virginia, Washington, D.C._
2. [2016-17 North American winter: Two people are killed and at least 15 are hospitalized following a 55-vehicle accident, involving a gas tanker explosion, on Interstate 95 in Baltimore, Maryland, as cold air causes rain and wet roads to freeze across the Eastern U.S. Three other deaths are reported from other accidents in the Baltimore-Washington, D.C. area. At least six people have been killed in total on icy roads. ](/news/2016/12/17/2016-17-north-american-winter-two-people-are-killed-and-at-least-15-are-hospitalized-following-a-55-vehicle-accident-involving-a-gas-tan.md) _Context: Maryland, Washington, D.C._
3. [Widespread power outages are reported in Washington D.C. after an explosion at a Maryland power substation. ](/news/2015/04/7/widespread-power-outages-are-reported-in-washington-d-c-after-an-explosion-at-a-maryland-power-substation.md) _Context: Maryland, Washington, D.C._
4. [The death toll from storms in the Mid-Atlantic states of the United States reaches 13, with millions out of power and states of emergencies declared in the states of Ohio, West Virginia, Virginia and Maryland as well as the District of Columbia. ](/news/2012/06/30/the-death-toll-from-storms-in-the-mid-atlantic-states-of-the-united-states-reaches-13-with-millions-out-of-power-and-states-of-emergencies.md) _Context: Maryland, Virginia_
5. [2011 Northeastern United States floods following Tropical Storm Lee:: The National Weather Service issues flash flooding warnings for the states of New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Maryland and Virginia. ](/news/2011/09/8/2011-northeastern-united-states-floods-following-tropical-storm-lee-the-national-weather-service-issues-flash-flooding-warnings-for-the-st.md) _Context: Maryland, Virginia_
6. [Farooque Ahmed of Ashburn, Virginia, is arrested for allegedly plotting an attack on the Washington, D.C. Metrorail system. ](/news/2010/10/27/farooque-ahmed-of-ashburn-virginia-is-arrested-for-allegedly-plotting-an-attack-on-the-washington-d-c-metrorail-system.md) _Context: Virginia, Washington, D.C._
7. [Russia-United States relations: Unarmed Russian Air Force reconnaissance jets, under the authority provided by international Open Skies Treaty, fly over several Washington, D.C., area government buildings and landmarks as well as the President's residence in Bedminster, New Jersey. ](/news/2017/08/9/russia-united-states-relations-unarmed-russian-air-force-reconnaissance-jets-under-the-authority-provided-by-international-open-skies-tr.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
8. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections: Special counsel Robert Mueller has impaneled a grand jury in Washington, D.C. to investigate allegations of Russia-s interference in the 2016 elections. ](/news/2017/08/3/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-special-counsel-robert-mueller-has-impaneled-a-grand-jury-in-washington-d-c-to-i.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
9. [Removal of Confederate monuments and memorials: Several Confederate monuments are taken down overnight in the city of Baltimore, Maryland, including the Stonewall Jackson and Robert E. Lee Monument, Confederate Soldiers and Sailors Monument, Confederate Women's Monument and the Roger B. Taney sculpture. The Baltimore City Council unanimously voted to remove the monuments on August 14. ](/news/2017/08/16/removal-of-confederate-monuments-and-memorials-several-confederate-monuments-are-taken-down-overnight-in-the-city-of-baltimore-maryland-i.md) _Context: Maryland_
10. [Hyperloop: SpaceX CEO Elon Musk says he has received federal government approval for The Boring Company to build an underground 760mph Hyperloop that will connect New York City and Washington, D.C.. ](/news/2017/07/20/hyperloop-spacex-ceo-elon-musk-says-he-has-received-federal-government-approval-for-the-boring-company-to-build-an-underground-760mph-hyper.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
