### [2015-02-16](/news/2015/02/16/index.md)

# A winter storm warning is in place for Washington, D.C. and the American states of Virginia and Maryland with schools closed and transport advisories in place. 

Roads and sidewalks will refreeze overnight, and several D.C. area school districts have already decided to stay closed Wednesday.


### Source:

1. [NBC Washington](http://www.nbcwashington.com/news/local/Snow-Showers-Squalls-to-Move-into-Region-291960621.html?_osource=SocialFlowTwt_DCBrand)
2. [WSMV](http://www.wsmv.com/story/28123418/state-of-emergency-declared-in-tn-due-to-winter-weather)

### Related:

1. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Illinois Senator Barack Obama wins the District of Columbia, Maryland  and Virginia Democratic primaries. Obama now leads Sen. Hillary Clinton in the delegate count for the first time since early in the campaign. ](/news/2008/02/12/united-states-presidential-election-2008-p-illinois-senator-barack-obama-wins-the-district-of-columbia-maryland-and-virginia-democratic.md) _Context: Maryland, Virginia, Washington, D.C._
2. [Two people are killed and at least 15 are hospitalized following a 55-vehicle accident, involving a gas  tanker explosion, on Interstate 95 in Baltimore, Maryland, as cold air causes rain and wet roads to freeze across the Eastern U.S.  Three other deaths are reported from other accidents in the Baltimore-Washington, D.C. area. At least six people have been killed in total on icy roads. ](/news/2016/12/17/two-people-are-killed-and-at-least-15-are-hospitalized-following-a-55-vehicle-accident-involving-a-gas-tanker-explosion-on-interstate-95.md) _Context: Maryland, Washington, D.C._
3. [Widespread power outages are reported in Washington D.C. after an explosion at a Maryland power substation. ](/news/2015/04/7/widespread-power-outages-are-reported-in-washington-d-c-after-an-explosion-at-a-maryland-power-substation.md) _Context: Maryland, Washington, D.C._
4. [The death toll from storms in the Mid-Atlantic states of the United States reaches 13, with millions out of power and states of emergencies declared in the states of Ohio, West Virginia, Virginia and Maryland as well as the District of Columbia. ](/news/2012/06/30/the-death-toll-from-storms-in-the-mid-atlantic-states-of-the-united-states-reaches-13-with-millions-out-of-power-and-states-of-emergencies.md) _Context: Maryland, Virginia_
5. [2011 Northeastern United States floods following Tropical Storm Lee:The National Weather Service issues flash flooding warnings for the states of New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Maryland and Virginia. ](/news/2011/09/8/2011-northeastern-united-states-floods-following-tropical-storm-lee-pthe-national-weather-service-issues-flash-flooding-warnings-for-the-sta.md) _Context: Maryland, Virginia_
6. [Farooque Ahmed of Ashburn, Virginia, is arrested for allegedly plotting an attack on the Washington, D.C. Metrorail system. ](/news/2010/10/27/farooque-ahmed-of-ashburn-virginia-is-arrested-for-allegedly-plotting-an-attack-on-the-washington-d-c-metrorail-system.md) _Context: Virginia, Washington, D.C._
7. [Montenegro officially joins NATO as its 29th member at a ceremony in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2017/06/5/montenegro-officially-joins-nato-as-its-29th-member-at-a-ceremony-in-washington-d-c.md) _Context: Washington, D.C._
8. [Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution's emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-claiming-that-u-s-president-t.md) _Context: Maryland_
9. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: Maryland_
10. [''Wikimedia Foundation v. NSA''The United States Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals rules that Wikimedia Foundation has the legal right to challenge the National Security Agency Upstream program of mass online surveillance. This decision reinstates the suit that had been dismissed by a Federal district judge in Baltimore, Maryland. Eight other organizations, including Amnesty International USA and the Global Fund for Women, are also plaintiffs in this case. ](/news/2017/05/23/wikimedia-foundation-v-nsa-pthe-united-states-fourth-circuit-court-of-appeals-rules-that-wikimedia-foundation-has-the-legal-right-to-cha.md) _Context: Maryland_
