### [2015-02-16](/news/2015/02/16/index.md)

#  Libyan Civil War (2014-present). Egypt bombs Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant targets in the city of Derna in Libya following the execution of 21 Coptic Christians recently. 

Egypt says it has bombed Islamic State targets in Libya, hours after video emerged showing the apparent beheadings of 21 Egyptian Christians.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-31483631)

### Related:

1. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). Libyan forces claim to have captured the port in the city of Sirte after heavy fighting with ISIL. ](/news/2016/06/11/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-libyan-forces-claim-to-have-captured-the-port-in-the-city-of-sirte-after-heavy-fighting-with-isil.md) _Context: ISIL, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
2. [Military intervention against ISIL. Libyan Civil War (2014-present). A U.S. airstrike on a compound in the Libyan port city of Derna is said to have killed Wisam al Zubaidi, also known as Abu Nabil al-Anbari, who commands the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's branch in Libya. A Pentagon official, speaking on condition of anonymity to discuss details of the operation, said the airstrike involved F-15 aircraft and was believed to have killed Zubaidi. He said the attack had been planned for some time. ](/news/2015/11/14/military-intervention-against-isil-libyan-civil-war-2014-present-a-u-s-airstrike-on-a-compound-in-the-libyan-port-city-of-derna-is-sa.md) _Context: Derna, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
3. [Qatar withdraws its ambassador from Egypt following disagreement over Egyptian Air Force strikes against Islamic State targets in Libya after the execution of 21 Coptic Christian hostages by Islamic State. ](/news/2015/02/19/qatar-withdraws-its-ambassador-from-egypt-following-disagreement-over-egyptian-air-force-strikes-against-islamic-state-targets-in-libya-afte.md) _Context: Egypt, ISIL, Libya_
4. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The Islamic State releases a video purportedly showing the beheading of 21 Egyptian Coptic Christians who had been previously kidnapped in Sirte. ](/news/2015/02/15/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-islamic-state-releases-a-video-purportedly-showing-the-beheading-of-21-egyptian-coptic-christians-who.md) _Context: Coptic, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), the execution_
5. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). A Libyan warplane bombs a Greek-operated oil tanker anchored offshore the city of Derna, killing two sailors, one Greek and one Romanian. The Greek government condemned what it called an "unprovoked and cowardly" attack and demanded an investigation and punishment for those responsible. ](/news/2015/01/5/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-a-libyan-warplane-bombs-a-greek-operated-oil-tanker-anchored-offshore-the-city-of-derna-killing-two-sail.md) _Context: Derna, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
6. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis. Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognize.md) _Context: Egypt, Libya_
7. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The death toll from an attack on a Libyan National Army-controlled airbase in southern Libya reportedly rises to 140 people. ](/news/2017/05/20/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-death-toll-from-an-attack-on-a-libyan-national-army-controlled-airbase-in-southern-libya-reportedly-r.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
8. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The Benghazi Defense Brigades, an ally of the Shura Council of Benghazi Revolutionaries, claims to have captured five cities and two oil-production areas from forces loyal to Khalifa Haftar in the east of Libya. ](/news/2017/03/4/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-benghazi-defense-brigades-an-ally-of-the-shura-council-of-benghazi-revolutionaries-claims-to-have-c.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
9. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). U.S. B-2 stealth bombers strike two ISIL camps, south of the city of Sirte, Libya, killing more than 80 militants, according to United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. ](/news/2017/01/19/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-u-s-b-2-stealth-bombers-strike-two-isil-camps-south-of-the-city-of-sirte-libya-killing-more-than-80-m.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
10. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). At least eight are killed in clashes in Tripoli, Libya. ](/news/2016/12/2/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-eight-are-killed-in-clashes-in-tripoli-libya.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
