### [2004-04-1](/news/2004/04/1/index.md)

#  Following a gun battle, in which Palestinians hiding in a World Health Organization psychiatric hospital, in Bethlehem, opened fire on Israeli troops outside who came to arrest them, 12 of the Palestinians, mostly known militants from al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades that make up part of Yasser Arafat's Fatah faction, are arrested. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3589759.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml;jsessionid=OXGW3W3TKK1ZWCRBAELCFEY?type=topNews&storyID=4723774)

### Related:

1. [ Yasser Arafat orders 21 members of the Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades section of Fatah, who are wanted by Israel and have been seeking sanctuary within the Mukata for many months, to leave his Mukata headquarters in Ramallah. ](/news/2004/04/22/yasser-arafat-orders-21-members-of-the-al-aqsa-martyrs-brigades-section-of-fatah-who-are-wanted-by-israel-and-have-been-seeking-sanctuary.md) _Context: Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, Fatah, Israel, Yasser Arafat_
2. [ The Al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades of Fatah claims its militants have fired a missile into southern Israeli city of Sderot in response to Israeli raids on the Gaza Strip. Israeli sources said the rocket landed on a building and caused damages and panic. ](/news/2007/08/30/the-al-aqsa-martyrs-brigades-of-fatah-claims-its-militants-have-fired-a-missile-into-southern-israeli-city-of-sderot-in-response-to-israeli.md) _Context: Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, Fatah, Israel_
3. [ Members of the militant wing of Mahmoud Abbas's Fatah party, Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, claim they have launched a chemical-tipped missile at the Israeli town of Sderot. The same group has recently claimed to possess about 20 biological warheads for Qassam rockets fired daily at Israeli towns. The Israeli Army says they have not detected a launch of any such rocket, nor received reports of such a weapon hitting Israel. At least four Qassam rockets are launched against Israeli towns on Wednesday. ](/news/2006/06/28/members-of-the-militant-wing-of-mahmoud-abbas-s-fatah-party-al-aqsa-martyrs-brigades-claim-they-have-launched-a-chemical-tipped-missile.md) _Context: Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, Fatah, Israel_
4. [ Interim Israeli Prime minister Ehud Olmert postpones until Sunday official discourse which would ban Palestinian movements between Gaza and the West Bank, bar Palestinians from working in Israel and stop transfer of $50 million tax receipts to the Palestinian Authority. All these measures, criticized by Israeli Labor Party leader Amir Peretz, follows the victory of Hamas over Fatah during the January 2006 legislative elections. ](/news/2006/02/17/interim-israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-postpones-until-sunday-official-discourse-which-would-ban-palestinian-movements-between-gaza-and.md) _Context: Fatah, Israel, Palestinians_
5. [ Illness of Yasser Arafat: Israel refuses to allow Yasser Arafat to be buried in Jerusalem. The ailing leader of the Palestinian Authority is still in a coma, which might be reversible; an aide rejects reports that Arafat is "brain dead". Palestinians claim they will only trust a successor who is "determined and steadfast on the fundamental Palestinian rights", some say who is less willing to compromise. ](/news/2004/11/5/illness-of-yasser-arafat-israel-refuses-to-allow-yasser-arafat-to-be-buried-in-jerusalem-the-ailing-leader-of-the-palestinian-authority-i.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinians, Yasser Arafat_
6. [ Thousands of Palestinians take to the streets to protest appointments by Yasser Arafat. Palestinian gunmen attack and burn down a security force post in the Gaza Strip town of Khan Younis manned by forces loyal to Moussa Arafat, the cousin of Yasser Arafat. The security forces flee. ](/news/2004/07/18/thousands-of-palestinians-take-to-the-streets-to-protest-appointments-by-yasser-arafat-palestinian-gunmen-attack-and-burn-down-a-security.md) _Context: Palestinians, Yasser Arafat, gun_
7. [ Palestinians are killed and wounded in attack on the main crossing point between the Gaza Strip and Israel. Hamas, Islamic Jihad, and the al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades claim responsibility. ](/news/2004/03/6/palestinians-are-killed-and-wounded-in-attack-on-the-main-crossing-point-between-the-gaza-strip-and-israel-hamas-islamic-jihad-and-the-a.md) _Context: Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, Israel, Palestinians_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 8 Israelis are killed and 60 wounded, among them children on their way to school, in a suicide bombing of a city bus in Jerusalem, Israel. The Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades branch of Fatah claimed responsibility. The attack occurs one day before the start of hearings at the International Court of Justice regarding the Israeli West Bank barrier. "This attack proves just how urgent it is to build the fence", Israeli Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom said. "It is a clear preventive measure&nbsp;... We will continue building it because it saves lives." The suicide bomber came from Husan, a populated area near Bethlehem. ](/news/2004/02/22/israeli-palestinian-conflict-8-israelis-are-killed-and-60-wounded-among-them-children-on-their-way-to-school-in-a-suicide-bombing-of-a-c.md) _Context: Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, Bethlehem, Fatah_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel says that the United Nations resolution on Yasser Arafat (passed 133-4 with 15 abstentions) "is meaningless. It is only a declaration and not legally binding." Yasser Arafat states it is of the "utmost importance" as a sign of international support for the Palestinians. Israel states Palestinians should focus their energy on fighting terrorism. Israel also insists that a new government being formed by incoming Palestinian Prime Minister Ahmed Qureia cut links to Arafat. Israel says Arafat is tainted by terrorism. Qureia's criticism of United States policy is the strongest sign yet he does not plan to challenge Arafat.](/news/2003/09/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-says-that-the-united-nations-resolution-on-yasser-arafat-passed-133a4-with-15-abstentions-is-mean.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinians, Yasser Arafat_
10. [Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat announced that he has called off presidential and legislative elections scheduled for next month, as he feels that continued Israeli occupation of Palestinian territory will make a free election impossible.](/news/2002/12/22/palestinian-leader-yasser-arafat-announced-that-he-has-called-off-presidential-and-legislative-elections-scheduled-for-next-month-as-he-fee.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinians, Yasser Arafat_
