### [2004-04-1](/news/2004/04/1/index.md)

#  Paul Bremer pledges justice for the contractors killed and mutilated in an attack in Falluja. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3589057.stm)

### Related:

1. [  Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi announces the start of a military operation to recapture Falluja from Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. ](/news/2016/05/22/iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-announces-the-start-of-a-military-operation-to-recapture-falluja-from-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria.md) _Context: Falluja_
2. [U.S. defense contractor Lockheed Martin, the largest military contractor in the world, is targeted by a "significant and tenacious" cyber attack. ](/news/2011/05/29/u-s-defense-contractor-lockheed-martin-the-largest-military-contractor-in-the-world-is-targeted-by-a-significant-and-tenacious-cyber-at.md) _Context: defense contractor_
3. [ A suicide bomber explodes in a police recruitment centre in Falluja, Iraq killing at least 20 people. ](/news/2007/05/31/a-suicide-bomber-explodes-in-a-police-recruitment-centre-in-falluja-iraq-killing-at-least-20-people.md) _Context: Falluja_
4. [ Conflict in Iraq: 10 U.S. Marines are killed following an insurgent roadside bomb attack in Falluja. ](/news/2005/12/2/conflict-in-iraq-10-u-s-marines-are-killed-following-an-insurgent-roadside-bomb-attack-in-falluja.md) _Context: Falluja_
5. [ Conflict in Iraq: U.S. troops reach the center of Falluja with heavy fighting reported throughout the city. The Pentagon announces 10 U.S. and two Iraqi soldiers killed in the assault. One third of prisoners captured in Falluja by Iraqi forces have been foreigners from Egypt and Syria. Residents say a U.S. airstrike hit a clinic killing medical staff and patients. A nine-year-old boy dies because of lack of medical assistance after he was hit by shrapnel in what parents say was a separate airstrike. The mainly Sunni Iraqi Islamic Party withdraws from the Iraq Interim Governing Council. Iraqi and U.S. forces capture a mosque in northwest Falluja that was being used as an arms depot and insurgent meeting place and the Muslim Clerics Association called for a boycott of the election in protest of the assault. In Mosul, two U.S. soldiers are killed when mortars land in a military base. Three police stations are attacked in Baquba with casualty reports ranging from 25 to 45 people killed. A car bomb outside an Iraqi National Guard base near Kirkuk kills three people and wounds two. In Samarra, a senior local government official is assassinated. ](/news/2004/11/8/conflict-in-iraq-u-s-troops-reach-the-center-of-falluja-with-heavy-fighting-reported-throughout-the-city-the-pentagon-announces-10-u-s.md) _Context: Falluja_
6. [ United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan warns that an assault on Falluja may result in a Sunni Muslim boycott of January elections. British ambassador to Iraq Jones Parry states: "You can't have an area the size of Falluja operating as a base for terrorism." Iraqi Interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi describes Annan's letter as confused and unclear. ](/news/2004/11/5/united-nations-secretary-general-kofi-annan-warns-that-an-assault-on-falluja-may-result-in-a-sunni-muslim-boycott-of-january-elections-bri.md) _Context: Falluja_
7. [ Conflict in Iraq: In Baghdad, an American civilian contractor is shot near the Green Zone. The largest Sunni political party, Iraqi Islamic Party, calls for elections to be postponed for six months to allow better security and threatens a boycott. British troops join the operation to pacify the insurgency in the "Sunni Triangle." Iraqi police state they have arrested five suspected foreign fighters in the south. The Iraqi Minister of State says Iraqi National Guard discovered a small chemical and explosive lab in Falluja. ](/news/2004/11/26/conflict-in-iraq-in-baghdad-an-american-civilian-contractor-is-shot-near-the-green-zone-the-largest-sunni-political-party-iraqi-islamic.md) _Context: Falluja_
8. [ US troops in Falluja have launched new air strikes and artillery attacks against suspected rebel positions. ](/news/2004/11/15/us-troops-in-falluja-have-launched-new-air-strikes-and-artillery-attacks-against-suspected-rebel-positions.md) _Context: Falluja_
9. [ US Troops are preventing a Red Crescent aid convoy from entering the city of Falluja, reportedly for safety reasons ](/news/2004/11/12/us-troops-are-preventing-a-red-crescent-aid-convoy-from-entering-the-city-of-falluja-reportedly-for-safety-reasons.md) _Context: Falluja_
10. [ Conflict in Iraq: Hundreds of US Troops are diverted from Falluja as insurgents appear to take control of the northeastern city of Mosul. ](/news/2004/11/12/conflict-in-iraq-hundreds-of-us-troops-are-diverted-from-falluja-as-insurgents-appear-to-take-control-of-the-northeastern-city-of-mosul.md) _Context: Falluja_
