### [2012-06-28](/news/2012/06/28/index.md)

# "The Wall Street Journal" reports that the board of News Corporation has agreed to split the company into two businesses for publishing and entertainment. 




### Source:

1. [The Wall Street Journal'' via ''The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/business/wall-street-journal/news-to-invest-in-newspapers-after-a-split/story-fnay3ubk-1226410935479)

### Related:

1. [ News Corp. announces its intent to start charging online customers for news content across all its websites, including "The Times", "The Sun", "The Wall Street Journal", "New York Post" and "Herald Sun". ](/news/2009/08/6/news-corp-announces-its-intent-to-start-charging-online-customers-for-news-content-across-all-its-websites-including-the-times-the-su.md) _Context: News Corporation, The Wall Street Journal_
2. [Presidency of Donald Trump: The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents- Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House-s actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/presidency-of-donald-trump-the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-h.md) _Context: The Wall Street Journal_
3. [The Armenian-American community responds with outrage after the "The Wall Street Journal" publishes an ad denying the Armenian Genocide. ](/news/2016/04/28/the-armenian-american-community-responds-with-outrage-after-the-the-wall-street-journal-publishes-an-ad-denying-the-armenian-genocide.md) _Context: The Wall Street Journal_
4. [Netflix acknowledges it's been slowing its video transmission on wireless mobile carriers around the world, including Verizon and AT&T, for five years to "protect consumers from exceeding mobile data caps." Last week, these carriers were accused of this. The company told "The Wall Street Journal" that T-Mobile or Sprint users weren't affected because, "historically those two companies have had more consumer-friendly policies." In May, Netflix plans to shift some of that control to viewers themselves. ](/news/2016/03/25/netflix-acknowledges-it-s-been-slowing-its-video-transmission-on-wireless-mobile-carriers-around-the-world-including-verizon-and-at-t-for.md) _Context: The Wall Street Journal_
5. ["The Wall Street Journal" reports that the FBI and SEC have launched an insider trading investigation involving billionaire investor Carl Icahn, Las Vegas gambler and investor Billy Walters, and golf superstar Phil Mickelson. No wrongdoing has yet been alleged. ](/news/2014/05/30/the-wall-street-journal-reports-that-the-fbi-and-sec-have-launched-an-insider-trading-investigation-involving-billionaire-investor-carl-ic.md) _Context: The Wall Street Journal_
6. [News Corporation agrees to pay $139 million to American shareholders due to the phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2013/04/22/news-corporation-agrees-to-pay-139-million-to-american-shareholders-due-to-the-phone-hacking-scandal.md) _Context: News Corporation_
7. [A suspect, Qari Abdul Saeed, is arrested in Pakistan for the 2002 beheading of "The Wall Street Journal" reporter Daniel Pearl. ](/news/2013/03/19/a-suspect-qari-abdul-saeed-is-arrested-in-pakistan-for-the-2002-beheading-of-the-wall-street-journal-reporter-daniel-pearl.md) _Context: The Wall Street Journal_
8. [British police widen their phone-hacking inquiry with new arrests of journalists from newspapers not owned by News Corporation, which previously has been the focus of the investigation. ](/news/2012/07/11/british-police-widen-their-phone-hacking-inquiry-with-new-arrests-of-journalists-from-newspapers-not-owned-by-news-corporation-which-previo.md) _Context: News Corporation_
9. [British Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt appears at the Leveson Inquiry into media practices in the UK. The inquiry hears that he congratulated James Murdoch on the progress of News Corporation's takeover bid for BSkyB just hours before he was charged with overseeing it, but acted impartially once he took on the role. Prime Minister David Cameron says he will not order an inquiry into Hunt's ministerial conduct. ](/news/2012/05/31/british-culture-secretary-jeremy-hunt-appears-at-the-leveson-inquiry-into-media-practices-in-the-uk-the-inquiry-hears-that-he-congratulated.md) _Context: News Corporation_
10. [At the Leveson Inquiry into British media practices, UK Secretary of State for Business Vince Cable, who initially had responsibility for overseeing News Corporation's bid to take full control of BSkyB, tells the hearing he was warned the Liberal Democrats would be "done over" by the company's newspapers if he ruled against the takeover. ](/news/2012/05/30/at-the-leveson-inquiry-into-british-media-practices-uk-secretary-of-state-for-business-vince-cable-who-initially-had-responsibility-for-ov.md) _Context: News Corporation_
