### [2012-06-28](/news/2012/06/28/index.md)

# The United States House of Representatives holds Attorney-General Eric Holder in contempt for his perceived obstruction of the Congressional investigation into Operation Fast and Furious. Most House Republicans and 17 Democrats approve the decision. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2012/06/28/politics/holder-contempt/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Operation Fast and Furious:. The United States House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform cites the Attorney-General Eric Holder for contempt of Congress for failing to cooperate with an investigation into Operation "Fast and Furious". ](/news/2012/06/20/operation-fast-and-furious-the-united-states-house-committee-on-oversight-and-government-reform-cites-the-attorney-general-eric-holder-for.md) _Context: Eric Holder, Operation Fast and Furious, United States Attorney General, contempt_
2. [Republican U.S. Representative Darrell Issa calls for Attorney General Eric Holder to resign over lack of progress in prosecuting Julian Assange, and plans are announced of holding a congressional inquiry into Wikileaks and Assange. ](/news/2011/01/3/republican-u-s-representative-darrell-issa-calls-for-attorney-general-eric-holder-to-resign-over-lack-of-progress-in-prosecuting-julian-ass.md) _Context: Eric Holder, United States Attorney General, United States House of Representatives_
3. [Democrat United States Senator Frank Lautenberg of New Jersey dies at age 89 from pneumonia. Republican governor Chris Christie is tasked with choosing a replacement Senator. [http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/jun/3/sen-frank-lautenberg-dies-89-new-jersey-democrat-w/ "(Washington Post)"]](/news/2013/06/3/democrat-united-states-senator-frank-lautenberg-of-new-jersey-dies-at-age-89-from-pneumonia-republican-governor-chris-christie-is-tasked-wi.md) _Context: Democrat, Republican_
4. [Attorney General Eric Holder, acting for the Obama Administration, testifies before the House Judiciary Committee that he was not party to the U.S. Justice Department's secret seizure of telephone records of the news agency the Associated Press. The Justice Department seized two months worth of telephone records from AP offices and reporters. ](/news/2013/05/13/attorney-general-eric-holder-acting-for-the-obama-administration-testifies-before-the-house-judiciary-committee-that-he-was-not-party-to-t.md) _Context: Eric Holder, United States Attorney General_
5. [The US Justice Department's inspector general finds that the agency's Operation Fast and Furious created a "significant danger to public safety". The investigation also finds that Atty. Gen. Eric H. Holder Jr. had no prior knowledge of the operation. ](/news/2012/09/19/the-us-justice-department-s-inspector-general-finds-that-the-agency-s-operation-fast-and-furious-created-a-significant-danger-to-public-saf.md) _Context: Operation Fast and Furious, United States Attorney General_
6. [ The United States Senate confirms Eric Holder as Attorney General. ](/news/2009/02/2/the-united-states-senate-confirms-eric-holder-as-attorney-general.md) _Context: Eric Holder, United States Attorney General_
7. [ The United States House of Representatives approves contempt of Congress citations against Harriet Miers and Joshua Bolten in the U.S. Attorneys controversy. ](/news/2008/02/14/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-approves-contempt-of-congress-citations-against-harriet-miers-and-joshua-bolten-in-the-u-s-atto.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives, contempt_
8. [United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions, along with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and National Intelligence Director Dan Coats visit the Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp. ](/news/2017/07/7/united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-along-with-deputy-attorney-general-rod-rosenstein-and-national-intelligence-director-dan-coats.md) _Context: United States Attorney General_
9. [115th United States Congress. The United States House of Representatives pass a bill ending Dodd-Frank regulations. The bill now goes to the Senate where it is expected to not go through. ](/news/2017/06/8/115th-united-states-congress-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-pass-a-bill-ending-dodd-frank-regulations-the-bill-now-goes-to-t.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
10. [Efforts to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. American Health Care Act of 2017. The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/efforts-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-american-health-care-act-of-2017-the-republican-controlled-united-states.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
