### [2012-06-28](/news/2012/06/28/index.md)

# The BBC uncovers files showing that Raymond Mawby, a Conservative Minister during the 1960s, passed information to Czechoslovak agents in exchange for money. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-18617168)

### Related:

1. [The BBC reports that former ''News of the World'' editor Andy Coulson continued to receive a severance pay package from News International while working as Director of Communications for the Conservative Party. ](/news/2011/08/23/the-bbc-reports-that-former-news-of-the-world-editor-andy-coulson-continued-to-receive-a-severance-pay-package-from-news-international-w.md) _Context: BBC, Conservative Party_
2. [In a BBC interview British Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg promises that the Liberal Democtrats will be "a moderating influence" on the Conservatives and will block planned reforms of the National Health Service unless changes are made to them. ](/news/2011/05/8/in-a-bbc-interview-british-deputy-prime-minister-nick-clegg-promises-that-the-liberal-democtrats-will-be-a-moderating-influence-on-the-con.md) _Context: BBC, Conservative Party_
3. [Results from yesterday's elections show significant swings towards the Conservative Party and away from the Labour Party. ](/news/2017/05/5/results-from-yesterday-s-elections-show-significant-swings-towards-the-conservative-party-and-away-from-the-labour-party.md) _Context: Conservative Party_
4. [The Trump White House bars ''The New York Times'', CNN, the ''Los Angeles Times'', the ''New York Daily News'', ''The Hill'',  the ''Daily Mail'',  BBC,  Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as  Breitbart News, One America News Network, and ''The Washington Times''. Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News,  ''The Wall Street Journal'', Bloomberg News, and Fox News. ''Time'' magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to  in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-m.md) _Context: BBC_
5. [Labour's Gareth Snell holds off UKIP's leader Paul Nuttall to win the Stoke-on-Trent Central by-election, while Conservative Party candidate Trudy Harrison wins the Copeland by-election,  the first gain for a governing party since 1982. ](/news/2017/02/23/labour-s-gareth-snell-holds-off-ukip-s-leader-paul-nuttall-to-win-the-stoke-on-trent-central-by-election-while-conservative-party-candidate.md) _Context: Conservative Party_
6. [The BBC reports that leaked audio recordings of air traffic tower tapes indicate that the LaMia Airlines flight was running out of fuel near the Colombian city of Medellin. ](/news/2016/11/30/the-bbc-reports-that-leaked-audio-recordings-of-air-traffic-tower-tapes-indicate-that-the-lamia-airlines-flight-was-running-out-of-fuel-near.md) _Context: BBC_
7. [Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leader-of-the-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-d.md) _Context: Conservative Party_
8. [Home Secretary Theresa May gets 165 votes after the first ballot of Conservative members of parliament  to select a new Leader and the next Prime Minister.  Her nearest rival,  Minister of State for Energy Andrea Leadsom, picked up 66 votes.  Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove won 48 votes, and  Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb got 34 votes. Former Secretary of State for Defence Liam Fox is eliminated from consideration as he received just 16. Later, Crabb pulled out of the race  and endorsed front-runner Theresa May. Fox also endorsed May. ](/news/2016/07/5/home-secretary-theresa-may-gets-165-votes-after-the-first-ballot-of-conservative-members-of-parliament-to-select-a-new-leader-and-the-next.md) _Context: Conservative Party_
9. [British home secretary Theresa May enters into the Tory leadership contest, saying that Article 50 of the EU Treaty should not be invoked before the end of this year, implying that formal Brexit negotiations with the EU institutions be put on hold until 2017 at the earliest. ](/news/2016/06/30/british-home-secretary-theresa-may-enters-into-the-tory-leadership-contest-saying-that-article-50-of-the-eu-treaty-should-not-be-invoked-be.md) _Context: Conservative Party_
10. [The process to elect a new leader of the Conservative Party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron begins in the United Kingdom. The Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb is the first Conservative Party politician to announce his official candidacy for leader. ](/news/2016/06/29/the-process-to-elect-a-new-leader-of-the-conservative-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-david-cameron-begins-in-the-united-kingdom-t.md) _Context: Conservative Party_
