### [2012-06-28](/news/2012/06/28/index.md)

# The Supreme Court of the United States upholds the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, including the requirement for citizens to acquire health care by 2014. 

Slim majority approves central mandate in landmark legislation extending healthcare to millions of Americans.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/americas/2012/06/201262813336895486.html)
2. [MSNBC](http://nbcpolitics.msnbc.msn.com/_news/2012/06/28/12457822-supreme-court-upholds-health-care-law?lite)
3. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2012/06/29/us/supreme-court-lets-health-law-largely-stand.html)
4. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/06/28/us-usa-healthcare-court-idUSBRE85R06420120628)

### Related:

1. [The Supreme Court of the United States, which currently has just eight justices, today heard the case brought by the Roman Catholic Diocese of Pittsburgh (''Zubik v. Burwell'', which includes similar ones by other religious organizations) that challenges the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act  provision that employer-paid health insurance plans provide women with access to contraceptives at no additional out-of-pocket cost, and challenges the  federal government accommodation offered in 2014 that would have a third-party provide the coverage with costs paid by the federal government. The plaintiffs state that both are  unconstitutional because they violate  the free exercise of religion. The decision is expected in June. If the result is a split decision (4-4), there would be no national precedent and each case's final decision would be the one made in court before the case was forwarded to the Supreme Court. In the group of cases presented today,  all but one appeals court upheld the government mandate. ](/news/2016/03/23/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-which-currently-has-just-eight-justices-today-heard-the-case-brought-by-the-roman-catholic-diocese.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, Supreme Court of the United States_
2. [''King v. Burwell''The Supreme Court of the United States upholds key elements of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (Obamacare) including subsidies for healthcare policies and employer mandates, with a 6-3 vote. ](/news/2015/06/25/king-v-burwell-pthe-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-upholds-key-elements-of-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-obamacare.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, Supreme Court of the United States_
3. [The U.S. Supreme Court agrees to hear federal subsidies cases concerning the law. ](/news/2014/11/7/the-u-s-supreme-court-agrees-to-hear-federal-subsidies-cases-concerning-the-law.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, Supreme Court of the United States_
4. [The U.S. Supreme Court agrees to hear certain major religious freedom cases that will decide whether a company that is for-profit (including family-run ones)- and other entities who are not themselves churches- can refuse to provide contraceptive coverage that would otherwise be required under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; lower courts are split. ](/news/2013/11/26/the-u-s-supreme-court-agrees-to-hear-certain-major-religious-freedom-cases-that-will-decide-whether-a-company-that-is-for-profit-including.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, Supreme Court of the United States_
5. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the United States_
6. [The Supreme Court of the United States refuses to vacate a stay of execution issued by the Arkansas Supreme Court. Arkansas's highest court has also put on hold the execution of another inmate, Bruce Ward. The state had planned to execute eight inmates in eleven days. That schedule, as well as the use of the drug midazolam, sparked a broad range of legal challenges and humanitarian concerns about the executions. Today's planned execution of Don W. Davis would have been the state's first since 2005. ](/news/2017/04/18/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-refuses-to-vacate-a-stay-of-execution-issued-by-the-arkansas-supreme-court-arkansas-s-highest-court.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the United States_
7. [U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyers tell a federal court, in a case alleging negligence and incitement to riot during a 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, that he is "immune from suit because he is President of the United States." A lawyer for the plaintiffs responds that, in ''Clinton v. Jones'', the Supreme Court found the president could be sued for events that occurred before he took office. ](/news/2017/04/15/u-s-president-donald-trump-s-lawyers-tell-a-federal-court-in-a-case-alleging-negligence-and-incitement-to-riot-during-a-2016-campaign-rall.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the United States_
8. [The replacement plan for the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (aka Obamacare) is withdrawn after Republican leaders fail to gain enough support. The failure of the Trump administration to repeal the act means it will remain law in the United States.](/news/2017/03/24/the-replacement-plan-for-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-aka-obamacare-is-withdrawn-after-republican-leaders-fail-to-gain-e.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act_
9. [The United States House of Representatives approaches a vote on a replacement plan for the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (aka Obamacare). ](/news/2017/03/23/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-approaches-a-vote-on-a-replacement-plan-for-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-aka-o.md) _Context: Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act_
10. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the United States_
