### [2012-06-28](/news/2012/06/28/index.md)

# Vice President of Iran Mohammad-Reza Rahimi delivers an anti-Semitic speech at a United Nations conference on the illegal drug trade saying that a central Jewish text, the Talmud, was responsible for the spread of illegal drugs around the world; his speech draws condemnation from U.N. and the European Union diplomats. 

EU foreign policy chief also slams Iranian VP for blaming world drug problems on Jews during UN conference


### Source:

1. [The Age](http://www.theage.com.au/world/antisemitic-drug-speech-20120627-212si.html)
2. [The Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/un-secretary-general-calls-on-iran-to-refrain-from-anti-semitic-comments/)

### Related:

1. [The  report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end  settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on  Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a.md) _Context: European Union, United Nations_
2. [The European Union offers to help the fledgling new UN-backed Libyan unity government with assistance in its security sector, managing migration, border management and police capacity building. This comes after Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj appealed to foreign governments for help in fighting ISIL and aid to rebuild the country. ](/news/2016/04/19/the-european-union-offers-to-help-the-fledgling-new-un-backed-libyan-unity-government-with-assistance-in-its-security-sector-managing-migra.md) _Context: European Union, United Nations_
3. [U.S. diplomats, amid growing  international concern the violence could spiral into an ethnic conflict, push for peace talks in Burundi. The European Union advises non-essential staff to evacuate the Central African nation amid rising violence and an uptick in political rhetoric. The head of the opposition UPRONA group  urges the United Nations to send peacekeepers quickly. Yesterday, the UN Security Council  called on the Burundi Government to protect human rights and cooperate with regional African mediators to immediately convene "an inclusive and genuine inter-Burundian dialogue" to find a peaceful resolution of the crisis. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-diplomats-amid-growing-international-concern-the-violence-could-spiral-into-an-ethnic-conflict-push-for-peace-talks-in-burundi-the.md) _Context: European Union, United Nations_
4. [Mohammad Reza Rahimi, former Iranian vice president, is convicted to a prison term for his role in the 2011 embezzlement scandal. ](/news/2014/09/1/mohammad-reza-rahimi-former-iranian-vice-president-is-convicted-to-a-prison-term-for-his-role-in-the-2011-embezzlement-scandal.md) _Context: First Vice President, Mohammad Reza Rahimi_
5. [War in Donbass:Russian aid convoys enter eastern Ukraine without permission from the Ukrainian government, sparking condemnation from the US, the EU, and NATO, and prompting the UN to hold an emergency meeting to discuss the action. No other country sent humanitarian aid to the region. ](/news/2014/08/22/war-in-donbass-prussian-aid-convoys-enter-eastern-ukraine-without-permission-from-the-ukrainian-government-sparking-condemnation-from-the-u.md) _Context: European Union, United Nations_
6. [The International Air Transport Association calls for the United Nations to intervene in the dispute between the People's Republic of China and the European Union over airlines' involvement in the EU's carbon tax scheme for airlines. ](/news/2012/02/12/the-international-air-transport-association-calls-for-the-united-nations-to-intervene-in-the-dispute-between-the-people-s-republic-of-china.md) _Context: European Union, United Nations_
7. [Palestinian leaders express disappointment at the refusal of the Middle East Quartet &mdash; United States, United Nations, European Union and Russia &mdash; to hear their call for unilateral statehood and failure to take a strong stance on Israel's settlement construction at its February 5 meeting in Munich. ](/news/2011/02/6/palestinian-leaders-express-disappointment-at-the-refusal-of-the-middle-east-quartet-mdash-united-states-united-nations-european-union-a.md) _Context: European Union, United Nations_
8. [The Ministry of Foreign Affairs (Israel) announces that it will boycott Durban III (World Conference against Racism), the 2011 United Nations summit commemorating the tenth anniversary of the World Conference against Racism 2001, due to the conference's "anti-Semitic undertones and displays of hatred for Israel and the Jewish world," a day after the UN General Assembly approved a resolution, by a vote of 104 to 22, with 33 abstentions, to hold the summit in September 2011; Canada has already announced that it will also not attend, calling it a "charade". ](/news/2010/12/26/the-ministry-of-foreign-affairs-israel-announces-that-it-will-boycott-durban-iii-world-conference-against-racism-the-2011-united-nation.md) _Context: United Nations, antisemitism_
9. [Mohammad-Reza Rahimi, the Vice-President of Iran describes inhabitants of the United Kingdom as "not human" and "a bunch of idiots run by a mafia". He also describes Australians as "a bunch of cattlemen" and says that Koreans "need to be slapped". ](/news/2010/08/12/mohammad-reza-rahimi-the-vice-president-of-iran-describes-inhabitants-of-the-united-kingdom-as-not-human-and-a-bunch-of-idiots-run-by-a.md) _Context: First Vice President, Mohammad Reza Rahimi_
10. [The United States, European Union and United Nations pledge additional resources to the African Union's AMISOM peacekeeping force in Somalia. ](/news/2010/07/26/the-united-states-european-union-and-united-nations-pledge-additional-resources-to-the-african-union-s-amisom-peacekeeping-force-in-somalia.md) _Context: European Union, United Nations_
