### [2004-05-5](/news/2004/05/5/index.md)

#  George W. Bush speaks on the Al Arabiya and Alhurra Arabic-language television networks, stating he was 'appalled' at the conduct of U.S. soldiers in Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq. 




### Source:

1. [Toronto Star](http://www.thestar.com/NASApp/cs/ContentServer?pagename=thestar/Layout/Article_Type1&c=Article&cid=1083751689557&call_pageid=968332188492&col=968793972154)

### Related:

1. [ The White House releases a February 7, 2002, memo in which President George W. Bush ordered humane treatment of captured Taliban and al Qaeda fighters despite a Justice Department legal opinion that the Geneva Convention does not apply. Twenty-one other memos requested by Senate Democrats have not yet been released; no released memos address Iraq or Abu-Ghraib Prison. [http://msnbc.msn.com/ID/5259200/ (MSNBC)] [http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A61651-2004Jun22.html (Memo)] Gordon B. Hinckley, 15th president of the LDS church, awarded presidential medal of Freedom from George W. Bush. The U.S. administration releases a U.S. Justice Department memo asserting that the legal opinion that the president had "the legal authority to order prisoners to be tortured". The memo indicates that Donald Rumsfeld denied approval to strongly coercive physical measures, but approved what has been described as "mild, noninjurious physical contact", and use of "detainee's individuals phobias (such as fear of dogs)". [http://www.voanews.com/article.cfm?objectID=287A07AA-33E4-42B5-A908D73E080FF8A3 (VOA)] [http://www.news24.com/News24/World/News/0,,2-10-1462_1546723,00.html (News24)] The U.S. administration asserts that it refused to permit the use of torture, even if to do so would be legally permissible.](/news/2004/06/23/the-white-house-releases-a-february-7-2002-memo-in-which-president-george-w-bush-ordered-humane-treatment-of-captured-taliban-and-al-qae.md) _Context: Abu Ghraib prison, George W. Bush, Iraq_
2. [Al Arabiya television reports that three rockets have hit the border area between Kuwait and Iraq. ](/news/2011/08/26/al-arabiya-television-reports-that-three-rockets-have-hit-the-border-area-between-kuwait-and-iraq.md) _Context: Al Arabiya, Iraq_
3. [ A United States Army soldier kills five comrades at Camp Liberty in Baghdad, Iraq. ](/news/2009/05/11/a-united-states-army-soldier-kills-five-comrades-at-camp-liberty-in-baghdad-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, soldier_
4. [ Iraqi journalist Muntadhar al-Zaidi is sentenced to three years in prison for throwing shoes at then-United States President George W. Bush. ](/news/2009/03/12/iraqi-journalist-muntadhar-al-zaidi-is-sentenced-to-three-years-in-prison-for-throwing-shoes-at-then-united-states-president-george-w-bush.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq_
5. [ Iraqi Parliament Speaker Mahmoud al-Mashhadani announces his resignation because of chaos over the treatment of Muntadhar al-Zaidi, the Al-Baghdadia TV journalist who threw his shoes at United States President George W. Bush. ](/news/2008/12/17/iraqi-parliament-speaker-mahmoud-al-mashhadani-announces-his-resignation-because-of-chaos-over-the-treatment-of-muntadhar-al-zaidi-the-al.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq_
6. [ Al-Baghdadia TV journalist Muntadhar al Zaidi is subdued after throwing both his shoes at United States President George W. Bush during his farewell speech in Iraq. ](/news/2008/12/14/al-baghdadia-tv-journalist-muntadhar-al-zaidi-is-subdued-after-throwing-both-his-shoes-at-united-states-president-george-w-bush-during-his.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq_
7. [ In an interview, U.S. President George W. Bush names No Child Left Behind as one of his most significant achievements and hopes to be remembered for the current situation in Iraq ](/news/2008/11/29/in-an-interview-u-s-president-george-w-bush-names-no-child-left-behind-as-one-of-his-most-significant-achievements-and-hopes-to-be-remem.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq_
8. [ US President George W. Bush pledges 4,500 troops to Afghanistan over the next few months and orders 8,000 troops currently stationed in Iraq to be home by February. ](/news/2008/09/9/us-president-george-w-bush-pledges-4-500-troops-to-afghanistan-over-the-next-few-months-and-orders-8-000-troops-currently-stationed-in-ira.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq_
9. [ Two Iraqi soldiers and eight members of the Hawr Rajab Awakening Council are killed by al-Qaeda militants in Hawr Rajab. ](/news/2007/11/22/two-iraqi-soldiers-and-eight-members-of-the-hawr-rajab-awakening-council-are-killed-by-al-qaeda-militants-in-hawr-rajab.md) _Context: Iraq, soldier_
10. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush asks the United States Congress for $189.3 billion to fund the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2007/10/22/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-asks-the-united-states-congress-for-189-3-billion-to-fund-the-wars-in-iraq-and-afghanist.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq_
