### [2017-08-2](/news/2017/08/2/index.md)

# At a news briefing in London, the CEO of Smartmatic,  the Venezuelan-owned multinational company that provided the election system used in  Sunday's election, says the number of those participating in the poll was tampered with, off by at least one million. 




### Source:

1. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/08/02/541129956/venezuelan-poll-tampered-with-says-voting-system-company)

### Related:

1. [A fire at the 79-story Dubai Torch Tower in the United Arab Emirates, which forced nighttime evacuations, was under control in a few hours with no serious injuries immediately reported. The building's exterior was still being renovated from a fire in February, 2015, which   investigators had blamed, at least in part, to flammable siding,  echoing the findings of this past June's Grenfell Tower fire in London.  ](/news/2017/08/4/a-fire-at-the-79-story-dubai-torch-tower-in-the-united-arab-emirates-which-forced-nighttime-evacuations-was-under-control-in-a-few-hours-w.md) _Context: London_
2. [South American trade bloc Mercosur will trigger its democratic clause this weekend to suspend Venezuela indefinitely, furthering its past temporary suspension, and not allow the country back until internal political issues have been resolved. ](/news/2017/08/3/south-american-trade-bloc-mercosur-will-trigger-its-democratic-clause-this-weekend-to-suspend-venezuela-indefinitely-furthering-its-past-te.md) _Context: Venezuelan Constitutional Assembly election, 2017_
3. [London's Big Ben, atop Elizabeth Tower, will fall silent for four years beginning 21 August while essential repair works are performed. ](/news/2017/08/14/london-s-big-ben-atop-elizabeth-tower-will-fall-silent-for-four-years-beginning-21-august-while-essential-repair-works-are-performed.md) _Context: London_
4. [Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro says voting in his upcoming election on July 30 is mandatory for all 2.8 million state employees, with employees who do not vote facing ostracisation. Opponents of the government plan to hold their own unofficial referendum on the Maduro government on July 16. ](/news/2017/07/7/venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-says-voting-in-his-upcoming-election-on-july-30-is-mandatory-for-all-2-8-million-state-employees-with.md) _Context: Venezuelan Constitutional Assembly election, 2017_
5. [The United States sanctions Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro over the controversial Constitutional Assembly election which critics say is an attempt to establish a dictatorship. ](/news/2017/07/31/the-united-states-sanctions-venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-over-the-controversial-constitutional-assembly-election-which-critics-say-i.md) _Context: Venezuelan Constitutional Assembly election, 2017_
6. [Voters in Venezuela participate in an election for members of a new Constitutional Assembly, devised by President Nicolas Maduro to amend the constitution following a legislative takeover in March. Many Venezuelans question the election's legitimacy, resulting in boycotts and ongoing protests. ](/news/2017/07/30/voters-in-venezuela-participate-in-an-election-for-members-of-a-new-constitutional-assembly-devised-by-president-nicola-s-maduro-to-amend-t.md) _Context: Venezuelan Constitutional Assembly election, 2017_
7. [Five men in London are attacked with acid in five linked attacks. Two teenaged suspects are taken into custody. ](/news/2017/07/13/five-men-in-london-are-attacked-with-acid-in-five-linked-attacks-two-teenaged-suspects-are-taken-into-custody.md) _Context: London_
8. [A large fire breaks out at the Camden Markets in North West London, with over 70 firefighters and 10 firetrucks attending the scene. No casualties have been reported. ](/news/2017/07/10/a-large-fire-breaks-out-at-the-camden-markets-in-north-west-london-with-over-70-firefighters-and-10-firetrucks-attending-the-scene-no-casu.md) _Context: London_
9. [A childcare worker in London is reportedly stabbed by three Muslim women while on her way to work, suffering non life threatening injuries. ](/news/2017/06/7/a-childcare-worker-in-london-is-reportedly-stabbed-by-three-muslim-women-while-on-her-way-to-work-suffering-non-life-threatening-injuries.md) _Context: London_
10. [The suspected death toll of the fire in North Kensington, London earlier in the week significantly increases, as the Metropolitan Police Service reports that a minimum of 58 people are missing and feared dead. ](/news/2017/06/17/the-suspected-death-toll-of-the-fire-in-north-kensington-london-earlier-in-the-week-significantly-increases-as-the-metropolitan-police-ser.md) _Context: London_
