### [2017-08-2](/news/2017/08/2/index.md)

# Impeachment in the Philippines. Two impeachment complaints are filed in the lower house of the Philippine Congress against Supreme Court Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno. 

Anti-crime watchdogs on Tuesday filed an impeachment complaint against Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno for supposed culpable violation of the Constitution and betrayal of public trust. 


### Source:

1. [ABS-CBN News](http://news.abs-cbn.com/news/08/02/17/impeachment-raps-filed-vs-chief-justice-sereno)
2. [Manila Standard](http://www.manilastandard.net/news/national/243179/cj-sereno-faces-impeachment-raps.html)

### Related:

1. [Moro insurgency in the Philippines. Philippines President Benigno Aquino III distances himself from a botched raid against a terrorist, Zulkifli Abdhir, that killed around 50 people, including police officers and Abdhir, while pledging support for a peace process with the Moro people. Supreme Court Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno urges the public to continue to support the peace treaty. ](/news/2015/01/29/moro-insurgency-in-the-philippines-philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii-distances-himself-from-a-botched-raid-against-a-terrorist-zulk.md) _Context: Maria Lourdes Sereno, Supreme Court of the Philippines_
2. [Three impeachment complaints against Philippines President Benigno Aquino III are deemed by the Philippine House of Representatives as "sufficient in form", paving the way for possible legal proceedings against him. ](/news/2014/08/26/three-impeachment-complaints-against-philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii-are-deemed-by-the-philippine-house-of-representatives-as-suff.md) _Context: Impeachment in the Philippines, lower house of the Philippine Congress_
3. [The House of Representatives of the Philippines impeaches Chief Justice Renato Corona after 188 representatives signed a complaint. This is the second impeachment passed in the year after the impeachment of Ombudsman Merceditas Gutierrez early in March. ](/news/2011/12/12/the-house-of-representatives-of-the-philippines-impeaches-chief-justice-renato-corona-after-188-representatives-signed-a-complaint-this-is.md) _Context: Chief Justice, lower house of the Philippine Congress_
4. [Burial of Ferdinand Marcos. The Supreme Court of the Philippines has junked all petitions against the burial of former President of the Philippines Ferdinand Marcos at the Libingan ng mga Bayani, re-affirming its earlier ruling on 8 November 2016. ](/news/2017/08/8/burial-of-ferdinand-marcos-the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-has-junked-all-petitions-against-the-burial-of-former-president-of-the-phil.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the Philippines_
5. [Martial law in the Philippines. The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/martial-law-in-the-philippines-the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-l.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the Philippines_
6. [Philippine Drug War. Philippine vice president Leni Robredo faces an impeachment charge before the House of Representatives for condemning the country's war on drugs at the United Nations. ](/news/2017/05/2/philippine-drug-war-philippine-vice-president-leni-robredo-faces-an-impeachment-charge-before-the-house-of-representatives-for-condemning-t.md) _Context: Impeachment in the Philippines_
7. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. Bongbong Marcos asks the Philippine Supreme Court to dismiss a counter-protest by current vice president Leni Robredo regarding her narrow victory in last year's national elections. ](/news/2017/04/20/philippine-presidential-election-2016-bongbong-marcos-asks-the-philippine-supreme-court-to-dismiss-a-counter-protest-by-current-vice-presi.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the Philippines_
8. [Philippine presidential election, 2016. The Supreme Court of the Philippines allows the electoral protest of defeated candidate Bongbong Marcos against Philippine vice president Leni Robredo to continue. ](/news/2017/02/16/philippine-presidential-election-2016-the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-allows-the-electoral-protest-of-defeated-candidate-bongbong-mar.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the Philippines_
9. [Filipino senator Leila de Lima files a lawsuit against Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte in the country's Supreme Court seeking to stop the president from gathering, and making public, information about her private life. ](/news/2016/11/7/filipino-senator-leila-de-lima-files-a-lawsuit-against-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-in-the-country-s-supreme-court-seeking-to-stop-t.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the Philippines_
10. [Burial of Ferdinand Marcos. The Philippine Supreme Court postpones the burial of former Philippines dictator Ferdinand Marcos until at least October 18. ](/news/2016/09/8/burial-of-ferdinand-marcos-the-philippine-supreme-court-postpones-the-burial-of-former-philippines-dictator-ferdinand-marcos-until-at-least.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the Philippines_
