### [2017-08-2](/news/2017/08/2/index.md)

# President of the United States Donald Trump signs a Congress bill enacting sanctions on Russia. Prime Minister of Russia Dmitry Medvedev calls it a "trade war". 

U.S. President Donald Trump grudgingly signed into law new sanctions against Russia on Wednesday, a move Moscow said amounted to a full-scale trade war and an end to hopes for better ties with the Trump administration.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-trump-russia-idUSKBN1AI1Y4)

### Related:

1. [In a series of tweets, President Donald Trump acknowledges that he shared classified information with Russian envoys, contradicting earlier White House denials. ](/news/2017/05/16/in-a-series-of-tweets-president-donald-trump-acknowledges-that-he-shared-classified-information-with-russian-envoys-contradicting-earlier.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President of the United States, Russia_
2. [U.S. President Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, in a telephone call,  discuss strengthening the two countries' strategic partnership with particular attention to the conflict in the Donbass, a Ukrainian region that borders Russia. ](/news/2017/02/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-and-ukrainian-president-petro-poroshenko-in-a-telephone-call-discuss-strengthening-the-two-countries-strateg.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President of the United States, Russia_
3. [At the 52nd Munich Security Conference in Germany, NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg says that NATO and Russia are "not in a cold-war situation but also not in the partnership that we established at the end of the Cold War" while the Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev says tensions between Russia and NATO have sent the world spiralling into a "new Cold War", blaming U.S. and European leaders for the souring of relations with Russia. He also rejected accusations that Russian warplanes have bombed civilians in Syria, saying it is "just not true". ](/news/2016/02/13/at-the-52nd-munich-security-conference-in-germany-nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-says-that-nato-and-russia-are-not-in-a-cold-war.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, Prime Minister of Russia, Russia_
4. [Russian President Dmitry Medvedev orders Prime Minister Vladimir Putin to remove his deputies on the boards of state companies by 1 July. ](/news/2011/04/3/russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-orders-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-to-remove-his-deputies-on-the-boards-of-state-companies-by-1-july.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, Prime Minister of Russia, Russia_
5. [United States President Barack Obama and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev sign a new arms reduction treaty that will cut both countries' arsenals by a third. ](/news/2010/04/8/united-states-president-barack-obama-and-russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-sign-a-new-arms-reduction-treaty-that-will-cut-both-countries-ar.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, President of the United States, Russia_
6. [ United States President Barack Obama and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev agree on cutting their nuclear warheads and cooperate on military action in Afghanistan. ](/news/2009/07/6/united-states-president-barack-obama-and-russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-agree-on-cutting-their-nuclear-warheads-and-cooperate-on-militar.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, President of the United States, Russia_
7. [ Russian President Dmitry Medvedev criticizes Prime Minister Vladimir Putin's government for not acting quickly enough to deal with the current financial crisis. ](/news/2009/01/11/russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-criticizes-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-s-government-for-not-acting-quickly-enough-to-deal-with-the-curr.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, Prime Minister of Russia, Russia_
8. [CNN is accused of threatening to reveal the personal identity of a Reddit user who made a GIF depicting United States President Donald Trump tackling a man to the ground, with CNN's logo superimposed on the man's face. The GIF was modified and posted on Trump's Twitter feed. ](/news/2017/07/4/cnn-is-accused-of-threatening-to-reveal-the-personal-identity-of-a-reddit-user-who-made-a-gif-depicting-united-states-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President of the United States_
9. [U.S. President Donald Trump tweets that transgender Americans will not be allowed to serve "in any capacity" in the United States Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/07/26/u-s-president-donald-trump-tweets-that-transgender-americans-will-not-be-allowed-to-serve-in-any-capacity-in-the-united-states-armed-forc.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President of the United States_
10. [Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and  North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea-both-chambers-of-the-u.md) _Context: Congress, Russia_
