### [2017-08-2](/news/2017/08/2/index.md)

# The parliament of Papua New Guinea re-elects Peter O'Neill as Prime Minister, ending a chaotic election campaign marred by violence, which analysts fear may continue amid widespread voter unrest. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-papua-election-idUSKBN1AI0MF?il=0)

### Related:

1. [Polling places open in Papua New Guinea, and will remain open for two weeks, to elect all 111 members of the National Parliament. The People's National Congress led by Prime Minister Peter O'Neill is considered likely to maintain a governing coalition, despite uncertainty due to lack of opinion polling. ](/news/2017/06/24/polling-places-open-in-papua-new-guinea-and-will-remain-open-for-two-weeks-to-elect-all-111-members-of-the-national-parliament-the-people.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea, Papua New Guinean general election, 2017, Peter O'Neill_
2. [Papua New Guinea student protestsPapua New Guinea student protest leader Noel Anjo says demonstrations  will continue despite the court order barring protests.  "The students are not going to give up until and unless the prime minister resigns or surrenders himself to police and is arrested and charged," Anjo said. ](/news/2016/06/9/papua-new-guinea-student-protestsppapua-new-guinea-student-protest-leader-noel-anjo-says-demonstrations-will-continue-despite-the-court-ord.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea, Peter O'Neill_
3. [Anti-government protests erupt across Papua New Guinea against Prime Minister Peter O'Neill, calling on him to resign. Papua New Guinea has been in a state of political turmoil since 2014 when the Prime Minister was accused of fraud and corruption. ](/news/2016/05/28/anti-government-protests-erupt-across-papua-new-guinea-against-prime-minister-peter-o-neill-calling-on-him-to-resign-papua-new-guinea-has.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea, Peter O'Neill_
4. [Political tension continues in Papua New Guinea with former Prime Minister Sir Michael Somare expected to be sworn in again following a ruling by the Supreme Court and incumbent PM Peter O'Neill refusing to stand aside. ](/news/2011/12/13/political-tension-continues-in-papua-new-guinea-with-former-prime-minister-sir-michael-somare-expected-to-be-sworn-in-again-following-a-ruli.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea, Peter O'Neill_
5. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to ''The New York Times''. British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
6. [Papua New Guinean media reports confirm that 17 people were fatally shot by prison officers during a prison escape in Lae on May 12. ](/news/2017/05/15/papua-new-guinean-media-reports-confirm-that-17-people-were-fatally-shot-by-prison-officers-during-a-prison-escape-in-lae-on-may-12.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea_
7. [A 7.9 magnitude earthquake hits west of Panguna, Papua New Guinea, beneath Bougainville Island.  No immediate reports of casualties or major damage. Tsunami alert for Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands is rescinded. ](/news/2017/01/22/a-7-9-magnitude-earthquake-hits-west-of-panguna-papua-new-guinea-beneath-bougainville-island-no-immediate-reports-of-casualties-or-major.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea_
8. [Tsunami warnings are issued for the Pacific region, including Indonesia and  the Solomon Islands, following a 7.9 magnitude earthquake east of Papua New Guinea. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center later reports the threat has largely passed. ](/news/2016/12/17/tsunami-warnings-are-issued-for-the-pacific-region-including-indonesia-and-the-solomon-islands-following-a-7-9-magnitude-earthquake-east.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea_
9. [Australia and the United States reach a deal to relocate asylum seekers from Nauru and Papua New Guinea's Manus Island to the U.S. ](/news/2016/11/13/australia-and-the-united-states-reach-a-deal-to-relocate-asylum-seekers-from-nauru-and-papua-new-guinea-s-manus-island-to-the-u-s.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea_
10. [A court in Papua New Guinea orders the closure of the facility housing migrants. ](/news/2016/08/3/a-court-in-papua-new-guinea-orders-the-closure-of-the-facility-housing-migrants.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea_
