### [2017-08-2](/news/2017/08/2/index.md)

# Two impeachment complaints are filed in the House of Representatives against Supreme Court Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno, citing (among others) culpable violation of the Constitution and betrayal of public trust. Sereno was appointed Chief Justice in 2012, replacing the late Renato Corona who was impeached as Chief Justice the same year on similar charges. 

Anti-crime watchdogs on Tuesday filed an impeachment complaint against Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno for supposed culpable violation of the Constitution and betrayal of public trust. 


### Source:

1. [ABS-CBN News](http://news.abs-cbn.com/news/08/02/17/impeachment-raps-filed-vs-chief-justice-sereno)
2. [Manila Standard'' 1](http://www.manilastandard.net/news/national/243179/cj-sereno-faces-impeachment-raps.html)
3. [Manila Standard'' 2](http://thestandard.com.ph/news/national/243439/impeachment-cases-to-be-filed-vs-sereno-today.html)

### Related:

1. [The Senate of the Philippines finds the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court Renato Corona guilty of failure to disclose to the public his assets following a four-month-long impeachment trial. ](/news/2012/05/29/the-senate-of-the-philippines-finds-the-chief-justice-of-the-supreme-court-renato-corona-guilty-of-failure-to-disclose-to-the-public-his-ass.md) _Context: Renato Corona, Supreme Court Chief Justice, impeached as Chief Justice_
2. [The House of Representatives of the Philippines impeaches Chief Justice Renato Corona after 188 representatives signed a complaint. This is the second impeachment passed in the year after the impeachment of Ombudsman Merceditas Gutierrez early in March. ](/news/2011/12/12/the-house-of-representatives-of-the-philippines-impeaches-chief-justice-renato-corona-after-188-representatives-signed-a-complaint-this-is.md) _Context: House of Representatives, Renato Corona, Supreme Court Chief Justice_
3. [Three impeachment complaints against Philippines President Benigno Aquino III are deemed by the Philippine House of Representatives as "sufficient in form", paving the way for possible legal proceedings against him. ](/news/2014/08/26/three-impeachment-complaints-against-philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii-are-deemed-by-the-philippine-house-of-representatives-as-suff.md) _Context: House of Representatives, Impeachment in the Philippines_
4. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte plans to appeal to the Congress of the Philippines to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao, which will end on 22 July 10 PM PST) until the end of 2017, due to constitutional constraints as well as the ongoing Marawi crisis. ](/news/2017/07/17/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-plans-to-appeal-to-the-congress-of-the-philippines-to-extend-proclamation-no-216-martial-law.md) _Context: Constitution_
5. [Philippine vice president Leni Robredo faces an impeachment charge before the House of Representatives for condemning the country's war on drugs at the United Nations. ](/news/2017/05/2/philippine-vice-president-leni-robredo-faces-an-impeachment-charge-before-the-house-of-representatives-for-condemning-the-country-s-war-on-d.md) _Context: Impeachment in the Philippines_
6. [A panel formed by the Senate of the Philippines concludes that operations under Oplan Tokhang by the Philippine National Police is unconstitutional. ](/news/2016/12/8/a-panel-formed-by-the-senate-of-the-philippines-concludes-that-operations-under-oplan-tokhang-by-the-philippine-national-police-is-unconstit.md) _Context: Constitution_
7. [Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte accuses the Liberal Party of former president Benigno Aquino III and their allies of orchestrating an impeachment complaint against him regarding his anti-drug campaign. ](/news/2016/09/13/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-accuses-the-liberal-party-of-former-president-benigno-aquino-iii-and-their-allies-of-orchestrating-an-i.md) _Context: Impeachment in the Philippines_
8. [Liza Maza, a human rights activist and former Filipino congresswoman, and the Center for Women's Resources criticized the United States and the Philippines governments for preventing Maza's boarding of a July 9, 2015, Korean Air flight destined for Washington, D.C. Maza, who has a U.S. visa valid until 2018, was scheduled to speak before a left-wing conference on U.S. activities in the Philippines. ](/news/2015/07/17/liza-maza-a-human-rights-activist-and-former-filipino-congresswoman-and-the-center-for-women-s-resources-criticized-the-united-states-and.md) _Context: House of Representatives_
9. [The Catholic Bishops Conference of the Philippines says that it will not join growing calls for the impeachment and resignation of Philippines President Benigno Aquino III following the January 25 botched police operation. ](/news/2015/02/4/the-catholic-bishops-conference-of-the-philippines-says-that-it-will-not-join-growing-calls-for-the-impeachment-and-resignation-of-philippin.md) _Context: Impeachment in the Philippines_
10. [Philippines President Benigno Aquino III distances himself from a botched raid against a terrorist, Zulkifli Abdhir, that killed around 50 people, including police officers and Abdhir, while pledging support for a peace process with the Moro people. Supreme Court Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno urges the public to continue to support the peace treaty. ](/news/2015/01/29/philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii-distances-himself-from-a-botched-raid-against-a-terrorist-zulkifli-abdhir-that-killed-around-50-p.md) _Context: Maria Lourdes Sereno_
