
Formats: [HTML](/news/2017/08/2/united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-raise-act-a-plan-that-would-if-passe.html)  [JSON](/news/2017/08/2/united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-raise-act-a-plan-that-would-if-passe.json)  [XML](/news/2017/08/2/united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-raise-act-a-plan-that-would-if-passe.xml)  

### [2017-08-2](/news/2017/08/2/index.md)

##### Immigration policy of Donald Trump
# United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the RAISE Act, a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. 

The bill is expected to face fierce resistance from congressional Democrats and immigrant rights groups.


### Sources:

1. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/2017/08/02/541104795/trump-to-unveil-legislation-limiting-legal-immigration)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-politics/wp/2017/08/02/trump-gop-senators-to-introduce-bill-to-slash-legal-immigration-levels/)
2. [Cover Image](https://media.npr.org/assets/img/2017/08/02/ap_17171520532821_wide-4f9bab96fd7949fb6689342905ac806c522e55f4.jpg?s=1400)

### Changes:

1. [United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the Reforming American Immigration for Strong Employment Act of 2017 (RAISE Act), a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. ](/news/2017/08/2/united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-reforming-american-immigration-for-str.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:31 (First version)_
2. [United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the ''Reforming American Immigration for Strong Employment Act of 2017'' (RAISE Act), a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. ](/news/2017/08/2/united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-reforming-american-immigration-for-s.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:31 (Update)_
3. [United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the RAISE Act, a plan that will change the legal immigration process by reducing family-based chain migration, and replacing it with a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers. ](/news/2017/08/2/united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-raise-act-a-plan-that-will-change-the.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:31 (Update)_
4. [RAISE ActUnited States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils a plan that will improve the immigration process by reducing family-based chain migration and replacing it with a merit-based (employment and skills) system. ](/news/2017/08/2/raise-actpunited-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-a-plan-that-will-improve-the-imm.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:31 (Update)_
5. [Immigration policy of Donald Trump: United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the RAISE Act, a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. ](/news/2017/08/2/immigration-policy-of-donald-trump-united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-ra.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:31 (Update)_
5. [United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the RAISE Act, a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. ](/news/2017/08/2/united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-raise-act-a-plan-that-would-if-passe.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [US President Donald Trump met with Guatemalan President Jimmy Morales. Trump thanked Morales for having supported the decision of the United States on the transfer of the Embassy of Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. They dealt with various issues about the crisis in Venezuela, drug trafficking and the UN anti-corruption commission. ](/news/2018/02/8/us-president-donald-trump-met-with-guatemalan-president-jimmy-morales-trump-thanked-morales-for-having-supported-the-decision-of-the-united.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United States_
2. [The United States closes its embassy in Port-au-Prince, Haiti, due to large-scale protests against the policy of U.S. President Donald Trump. ](/news/2018/01/23/the-united-states-closes-its-embassy-in-port-au-prince-haiti-due-to-large-scale-protests-against-the-policy-of-u-s-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United States_
3. [The United States Senate and House of Representatives pass the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, which sends it to United States President Donald Trump for signing. This comes after a previous and different version of this legislation was passed by the House yesterday. The law removes the individual insurance mandate from Obamacare. ](/news/2017/12/20/the-united-states-senate-and-house-of-representatives-pass-the-tax-cuts-and-jobs-act-of-2017-which-sends-it-to-united-states-president-dona.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United States_
4. [U.S. President Donald Trump signs the "Space Policy Directive 1" that establishes the foundation for a crewed mission to the Moon, while also maintaining a longer-term NASA goal of landing a man on Mars. ](/news/2017/12/11/u-s-president-donald-trump-signs-the-space-policy-directive-1-that-establishes-the-foundation-for-a-crewed-mission-to-the-moon-while-als.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United States_
5. [United States president Donald Trump's daughter Ivanka visits Japan. ](/news/2017/11/3/united-states-president-donald-trump-s-daughter-ivanka-visits-japan.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United States_
