### [2006-01-7](/news/2006/01/7/index.md)

#  The president of Poland Lech Kaczynski performed a motion tabled by the prime minister Kazimierz Marcinkiewicz and dismissed the minister of finance Teresa Lubinska, nominating on her place Zyta Gilowska and giving her a position of deputy premier.




### Related:

1. [ Prime Minister of Poland Kazimierz Marcinkiewicz announced a dismissal of Zyta Gilowska, Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Finance. PM's advisor Pawel Wojciechowski was introduced as her successor. Kazimierz Marcinkiewicz declared that Gilowska's policy will be continued. ](/news/2006/06/23/prime-minister-of-poland-kazimierz-marcinkiewicz-announced-a-dismissal-of-zyta-gilowska-deputy-prime-minister-and-minister-of-finance-pm.md) _Context: Kazimierz Marcinkiewicz, Polish Prime Minister, Zyta Gilowska_
2. [Official results show Poland's conservative Law and Justice (PiS) party, led by eurosceptic Jaroslaw Kaczynski and the new PM Beata Szydlo, won more seats than any other party in today's general elections. Kaczynski is the twin brother of the late President Lech Kaczynski, who died in a 2010 jet crash. Prime Minister Ewa Kopacz has conceded defeat. ](/news/2015/10/25/official-results-show-poland-s-conservative-law-and-justice-pis-party-led-by-eurosceptic-jarosaaw-kaczyaski-and-the-new-pm-beata-szyda.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, Polish Prime Minister_
3. [A Polish report into the 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash that killed President Lech Kaczynski blames the Polish crew and Russian air traffic controllers for the accident. ](/news/2011/07/29/a-polish-report-into-the-2010-polish-air-force-tu-154-crash-that-killed-president-lech-kaczyaski-blames-the-polish-crew-and-russian-air-tra.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, President_
4. [In Poland, presidential elections take place after the death of President Lech Kaczynski on April 10, 2010 in a plane crash. ](/news/2010/06/20/in-poland-presidential-elections-take-place-after-the-death-of-president-lech-kaczyaski-on-april-10-2010-in-a-plane-crash.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, President_
5. [Aftermath of 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash:Polish President Lech Kaczynski lies in state in Warsaw as Russia marks a day of mourning and Poland appoints an acting head of the central bank to replace the one killed in Saturday's air disaster near Smolensk. ](/news/2010/04/12/aftermath-of-2010-polish-air-force-tu-154-crash-ppolish-president-lech-kaczyaski-lies-in-state-in-warsaw-as-russia-marks-a-day-of-mourning.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, President_
6. [Aftermath of 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash:The body of President Lech Kaczynski, who was killed in yesterday's plane crash just north of Smolensk, Russia, is flown back to Poland. ](/news/2010/04/11/aftermath-of-2010-polish-air-force-tu-154-crash-pthe-body-of-president-lech-kaczyaski-who-was-killed-in-yesterday-s-plane-crash-just-north.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, President_
7. [ Pressure increases on the Czech and Polish nations to approve the Treaty of Lisbon; Polish President Lech Kaczynski is expected to sign it following the second Irish referendum but Czech President Vaclav Klaus continues to decline. ](/news/2009/10/4/pressure-increases-on-the-czech-and-polish-nations-to-approve-the-treaty-of-lisbon-polish-president-lech-kaczyaski-is-expected-to-sign-it.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, President_
8. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush and the President of Poland Lech Kaczynski agree to proceed with building a missile defense system in Europe despite Russian concerns. ](/news/2007/07/16/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-and-the-president-of-poland-lech-kaczyaski-agree-to-proceed-with-building-a-missile-defe.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, President_
9. [ The Polish President, Lech Kaczynski, proposes that there be a 100,000 man-strong EU Army designed to work with NATO. ](/news/2006/11/6/the-polish-president-lech-kaczyaski-proposes-that-there-be-a-100-000-man-strong-eu-army-designed-to-work-with-nato.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, President_
10. [ Lech Kaczynski, the President of Poland, announces three days of national mourning for the twenty-three victims of the mining disaster at the Halemba mine in Ruda Slaska, Poland. ](/news/2006/11/23/lech-kaczyaski-the-president-of-poland-announces-three-days-of-national-mourning-for-the-twenty-three-victims-of-the-mining-disaster-at.md) _Context: Lech Kaczynski, President_
