### [2014-08-31](/news/2014/08/31/index.md)

# At least three people have been killed in clashes between the Pakistani police and opponents of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif. 




### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2014/09/01/world/asia/pakistani-unrest.html)

### Related:

1. [Pakistan's opposition interrupts Parliament's scheduled session demanding Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif resign during the investigation of his finances, per Thursday's Supreme Court ruling. ](/news/2017/04/21/pakistan-s-opposition-interrupts-parliament-s-scheduled-session-demanding-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-resign-during-the-investigation-of-his.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
2. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif-s government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
3. [India-Pakistan relations. Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is met by Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif at Allama Iqbal International Airport in Lahore for a two-hour meeting. Modi's surprise stopover is the first since Indian Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee visited Pakistan in 2004. ](/news/2015/12/25/india-pakistan-relations-indian-prime-minister-narendra-modi-is-met-by-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-at-allama-iqbal-internationa.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
4. [Pakistan unrest. Pakistani protesters armed with sticks and stones clash with police in the centre of Islamabad after protests calling for the resignation of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif turn violent. All schools in the capital have been closed as a result of the clashes. ](/news/2014/09/1/pakistan-unrest-pakistani-protesters-armed-with-sticks-and-stones-clash-with-police-in-the-centre-of-islamabad-after-protests-calling-for-t.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
5. [Pakistan protests. The Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf, the third largest party in Pakistan, announces that it will resign its seats in the National Assembly in order to force Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to resign. ](/news/2014/08/19/pakistan-protests-the-pakistan-tehreek-e-insaf-the-third-largest-party-in-pakistan-announces-that-it-will-resign-its-seats-in-the-nationa.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
6. [ Pakistan's Supreme Court will allow former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to stand for election. ](/news/2009/05/26/pakistan-s-supreme-court-will-allow-former-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-to-stand-for-election.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
7. [ Former Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif cancels the Pakistan Muslim League's proposed demonstration, following the impending reinstatement of Iftikhar Muhammad Chaudhry as Chief Justice. ](/news/2009/03/16/former-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-cancels-the-pakistan-muslim-league-s-proposed-demonstration-following-the-impending-reinstate.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
8. [ Former Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif is placed under house arrest to prevent the Pakistani Muslim League's proposed demonstration in Islamabad on March 16. ](/news/2009/03/15/former-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-is-placed-under-house-arrest-to-prevent-the-pakistani-muslim-league-s-proposed-demonstration-i.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
9. [ Former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif announces that he is withdrawing his Pakistan Muslim League (N) party from Pakistan's governing coalition. ](/news/2008/08/25/former-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-announces-that-he-is-withdrawing-his-pakistan-muslim-league-n-party-from-pakistan-s-governing-coalitio.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
10. [ The Supreme Court of Pakistan delays by-elections until it can handle the appeal of disqualified candidate Nawaz Sharif, former Prime Minister and leader of the Pakistan Muslim League (N). ](/news/2008/06/25/the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-delays-by-elections-until-it-can-handle-the-appeal-of-disqualified-candidate-nawaz-sharif-former-prime-minis.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
