### [2014-08-31](/news/2014/08/31/index.md)

# Iraqi security forces reach the town of Amerli which had been besieged by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. 

Iraqi forces reach the besieged town of Amerli, where thousands of people have been trapped by jihadists, military officials say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-29003321)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations reports that ISIL appears to have captured up to 3,000 fleeing Iraqi villagers from Hawija District headed to Kirkuk city. Militants  reportedly executed 12 people. Earlier, the Iraqi Observatory for Human Rights said ISIL is  using people for human shields against attacks by Iraqi security forces. ](/news/2016/08/5/the-united-nations-reports-that-isil-appears-to-have-captured-up-to-3-000-fleeing-iraqi-villagers-from-hawija-district-headed-to-kirkuk-city.md) _Context: Iraqi security forces, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
2. [At least 13 civilians have been killed by a roadside bomb while fleeing from fighting between Iraqi security forces and ISIL near Ramadi. ](/news/2016/01/17/at-least-13-civilians-have-been-killed-by-a-roadside-bomb-while-fleeing-from-fighting-between-iraqi-security-forces-and-isil-near-ramadi.md) _Context: Iraqi security forces, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [Iraqi government forces and allied Shia militia recapture the town of Dhuluiya in Saladin Province, north of Baghdad, from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2014/12/30/iraqi-government-forces-and-allied-shia-militia-recapture-the-town-of-dhuluiya-in-saladin-province-north-of-baghdad-from-the-islamic-state.md) _Context: Iraqi insurgency, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [Despite opposition from Turkey, President Donald Trump authorizes an arms deal with the Syrian Kurds to assist the Syrian Democratic Forces in their fight against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). ](/news/2017/05/9/despite-opposition-from-turkey-president-donald-trump-authorizes-an-arms-deal-with-the-syrian-kurds-to-assist-the-syrian-democratic-forces.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [A U.S. special forces service member is killed while taking part in an operation against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's eastern Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/8/a-u-s-special-forces-service-member-is-killed-while-taking-part-in-an-operation-against-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s-eastern-nangarhar-p.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [According to security sources, dozens of people are killed in an overnight attack in Tikrit by suspected ISIL militants. 31 bodies were taken to a hospital, according to a local doctor, while more continued to be found by morning. ](/news/2017/04/5/according-to-security-sources-dozens-of-people-are-killed-in-an-overnight-attack-in-tikrit-by-suspected-isil-militants-31-bodies-were-take.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [The United Nations announces expansion of civilian camps for people fleeing Mosul, following resumption of airstrikes  on ISIL-held portions of the Iraqi city. ](/news/2017/04/4/the-united-nations-announces-expansion-of-civilian-camps-for-people-fleeing-mosul-following-resumption-of-airstrikes-on-isil-held-portions.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [The pro-government Popular Mobilization Forces militia takes control of the mostly destroyed ancient city of Hatra in Iraq's Nineveh Governorate, following clashes with ISIL, who seized the ruins in 2014. ](/news/2017/04/26/the-pro-government-popular-mobilization-forces-militia-takes-control-of-the-mostly-destroyed-ancient-city-of-hatra-in-iraq-s-nineveh-governo.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
