### [2010-02-21](/news/2010/02/21/index.md)

# Japanese Foreign Minister Katsuya Okada dismisses Australia's threat to take the country to the International Court of Justice over Japan's whaling in the Antarctic. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/8526747.stm)

### Related:

1. [Whaling in Japan: Australia is threatening to take legal action against Japan over its resumption of its controversial whale hunt in the Antarctic Ocean. A whaling fleet set sail last week, ignoring international condemnation, and last year's ruling by the International Court of Justice (ICJ) prohibiting these hunts. ](/news/2015/12/7/whaling-in-japan-australia-is-threatening-to-take-legal-action-against-japan-over-its-resumption-of-its-controversial-whale-hunt-in-the-ant.md) _Context: Australia, International Court of Justice, Japan, whaling_
2. [The United Nations International Court of Justice rules that Japan's Antarctic whaling program is not scientific but commercial and forbids grants of further permits. ](/news/2014/03/31/the-united-nations-international-court-of-justice-rules-that-japan-s-antarctic-whaling-program-is-not-scientific-but-commercial-and-forbids.md) _Context: Antarctic, International Court of Justice, Japan, whaling_
3. [Whaling in Japan: Japan advises the International Whaling Commission that it plans to resume hunting minke whales for scientific research in the Antarctic Ocean by the end of March 2016. The United Nations' International Court of Justice (ICJ) ruled in March 2014 that Japan's decades-old whale hunt in the Antarctic should stop, prompting Tokyo to cancel the bulk of its whaling for the 2014/2015 season. ICJ decisions were binding and cannot be appealed. ](/news/2015/11/28/whaling-in-japan-japan-advises-the-international-whaling-commission-that-it-plans-to-resume-hunting-minke-whales-for-scientific-research-in.md) _Context: International Court of Justice, Japan, whaling_
4. [ Chris Ellison, the Australian Minister for Justice, warns anti-whaling protesters and the Japanese whaling fleet that they could face questioning over recent clashes in the Southern Ocean. Meanwhile, the crew were evacuated from the largest ship in the Japanese Antarctic fleet, the "Nisshin Maru," following a fire. ](/news/2007/02/15/chris-ellison-the-australian-minister-for-justice-warns-anti-whaling-protesters-and-the-japanese-whaling-fleet-that-they-could-face-quest.md) _Context: Antarctic, Australia, Japan_
5. [ United States Vice President Mike Pence visits Alaska, where he meets with Governor Bill Walker and discusses stationing F-35 squadrons in the state. Pence is beginning a 10-day trip to South Korea, Australia, Indonesia and Japan. ](/news/2017/04/15/united-states-vice-president-mike-pence-visits-alaska-where-he-meets-with-governor-bill-walker-and-discusses-stationing-f-35-squadrons-in.md) _Context: Australia, Japan_
6. [A Japanese fleet returns home after hunting 333 whales in the Antarctic. The Japanese government states that the purpose was for research. ](/news/2017/03/31/a-japanese-fleet-returns-home-after-hunting-333-whales-in-the-antarctic-the-japanese-government-states-that-the-purpose-was-for-research.md) _Context: Antarctic, Japan_
7. [Australia-Japan relations: In Tokyo, Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says his country is -very disappointed- with Japan-s decision to resume whaling, but this dispute should not be allowed to hurt the two countries' special strategic ties. Malcolm Turnbull, who replaced Tony Abbott in September, is on his first visit to Japan which will include talks with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. ](/news/2015/12/18/australia-japan-relations-in-tokyo-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-says-his-country-is-very-disappointed-with-japan-s.md) _Context: Japan, whaling_
8. [Japan announces plans to resume whaling in the Antarctic during the southern hemisphere summer. Commercial whaling has been banned for over 30 years by the International Whaling Commission. ](/news/2015/06/22/japan-announces-plans-to-resume-whaling-in-the-antarctic-during-the-southern-hemisphere-summer-commercial-whaling-has-been-banned-for-over.md) _Context: Antarctic, Japan_
9. [The United States Congress negotiates a deal to fast track the Trans-Pacific Partnership between the US and Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/04/16/the-united-states-congress-negotiates-a-deal-to-fast-track-the-trans-pacific-partnership-between-the-us-and-australia-brunei-canada-chile.md) _Context: Australia, Japan_
10. [Japan vows to continue its whaling program despite passage of an anti-whaling vote in the International Whaling Commission. ](/news/2014/09/19/japan-vows-to-continue-its-whaling-program-despite-passage-of-an-anti-whaling-vote-in-the-international-whaling-commission.md) _Context: Japan, whaling_
