### [2004-11-23](/news/2004/11/23/index.md)

#  2004 Ukrainian presidential election: Opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko declares himself winner and takes a symbolic oath of office at a parliament special session, boycotted by pro-government MPs. Crowds of around 200,000 Yushchenko supporters rally outside the parliament building in Kiev. Freedom House releases a statement saying that the runoff election was "tainted by massive voter fraud." Russian Foreign Ministry expresses "extreme concern" about the disobedience actions by the Ukrainian opposition. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4036867.stm)
2. [FH](http://freedomhouse.org/media/pressrel/112204.htm)
3. [Reuters](http://reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6898993)
4. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/worldlatest/story/0,1280,-4632943,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ Several thousand Ukrainian Interior Ministry troops head for Kiev in defiance of orders to support President Viktor Yushchenko. ](/news/2007/05/26/several-thousand-ukrainian-interior-ministry-troops-head-for-kiev-in-defiance-of-orders-to-support-president-viktor-yushchenko.md) _Context: Kiev, Viktor Yushchenko_
2. [ Ukrainian political rivals rally in Kiev in response to the threat that President Viktor Yushchenko might dissolve the parliament and call for new elections. ](/news/2007/04/1/ukrainian-political-rivals-rally-in-kiev-in-response-to-the-threat-that-president-viktor-yushchenko-might-dissolve-the-parliament-and-call.md) _Context: Kiev, Viktor Yushchenko_
3. [ Viktor Yushchenko is invested as president of Ukraine at a ceremony in Kiev before a large crowd of supporters and attended by numerous heads of state and other dignitaries from around the world. ](/news/2005/01/23/viktor-yushchenko-is-invested-as-president-of-ukraine-at-a-ceremony-in-kiev-before-a-large-crowd-of-supporters-and-attended-by-numerous-hea.md) _Context: Kiev, Viktor Yushchenko_
4. [ The Luhans'k region of Ukraine, the easternmost Russian-speaking region, has reportedly declared itself autonomous and requested recognition from the Russian Federation. Several more regions, including Donetsk, have ruled to put autonomy on popular referendum. Supporters of opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko blockaded official buildings in Kiev Friday, in a direct challenge to the Moscow-backed government's control of the country. ](/news/2004/11/26/the-luhans-k-region-of-ukraine-the-easternmost-russian-speaking-region-has-reportedly-declared-itself-autonomous-and-requested-recognitio.md) _Context: Kiev, Viktor Yushchenko_
5. [ Despite earlier reports that Ukraine's Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych and opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko had agreed to hold talks over the country's heavily disputed elections, this now seems unlikely. Protests continue, with an official election result due to be announced at around 1400 UTC. ](/news/2004/11/24/despite-earlier-reports-that-ukraine-s-prime-minister-viktor-yanukovych-and-opposition-leader-viktor-yushchenko-had-agreed-to-hold-talks-ov.md) _Context: Ukrainian presidential election controversy, Viktor Yushchenko_
6. [ 2004 Ukrainian presidential election: Ukraine's electoral commission declares Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych the winner. Opposition leader Viktor Yushchenko calls for supporters to protest "the total falsification of the vote". Observers from the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) say the run-off vote "did not meet international standards", and the senior U.S. election observer, Senator Richard Lugar, notes a "concerted and forceful program of election day fraud". ](/news/2004/11/22/2004-ukrainian-presidential-election-ukraine-s-electoral-commission-declares-prime-minister-viktor-yanukovych-the-winner-opposition-leade.md) _Context: Ukrainian presidential election controversy, Viktor Yushchenko_
7. [ Ukraine holds the second vote in a run-off presidential election today. Voters will decide between Moscow-oriented Prime Minister Viktor Yanukovych and western-leaning reformer Viktor Yushchenko. Observers have expressed concern over possible Russian interference, election abuses, and bias in reporting by the state media. With 74% of vote counted, Yanukovych leads Yushchenko 49-48%. Yushchenko has alleged that massive election fraud has taken place. ](/news/2004/11/21/ukraine-holds-the-second-vote-in-a-run-off-presidential-election-today-voters-will-decide-between-moscow-oriented-prime-minister-viktor-ya.md) _Context: Ukrainian presidential election controversy, Viktor Yushchenko_
8. [ The 2004 presidential election in Ukraine is held. Preliminary results indicate Viktor Yanukovich in first place with 40% and Viktor Yushchenko in second with 39%. The run-off will be held on November 21. International monitors report "serious irregularities" in the voting. ](/news/2004/10/31/the-2004-presidential-election-in-ukraine-is-held-preliminary-results-indicate-viktor-yanukovich-in-first-place-with-40-and-viktor-yushch.md) _Context: Ukrainian presidential election controversy, Viktor Yushchenko_
9. [Thirty thousand people are evacuated in Ukraine following an explosion in an ammunition dump 180 km southwest of Kiev. The Government of Ukraine blames sabotage. ](/news/2017/09/27/thirty-thousand-people-are-evacuated-in-ukraine-following-an-explosion-in-an-ammunition-dump-180-km-southwest-of-kiev-the-government-of-ukr.md) _Context: Kiev_
10. [DPR leader Alexander Zakharchenko announced that the self-declared Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) and Luhansk People's Republic (LPR) would form a new state called Malorossiya (Little Russia) as an official successor to what he called the "failed state" of Ukraine, with Donetsk replacing Kiev as the country's capital. Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko and LPR leader Igor Plotnitsky denounced the plans. ](/news/2017/07/18/dpr-leader-alexander-zakharchenko-announced-that-the-self-declared-donetsk-people-s-republic-dpr-and-luhansk-people-s-republic-lpr-would.md) _Context: Kiev_
