### [2015-01-15](/news/2015/01/15/index.md)

# Clashes in Gyumri, Armenia between police and protesters demanding the handover of a Russian soldier accused of killing six members of a local family leaves at least twelve people wounded. 

At least 12 people are injured in Armenia police clash with protesters demanding the handover of a Russian soldier accused of killing a local family.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-30843361)

### Related:

1. [A serviceman stationed at the Russian 102nd Military Base, Valeri Permyakov, kills six members of an Armenian family, including a two-year-old child, and, in addition, wounds a six-month-old child, in Gyumri, Armenia, initiating a manhunt by the Armenian security services until his capture. ](/news/2015/01/12/a-serviceman-stationed-at-the-russian-102nd-military-base-valeri-permyakov-kills-six-members-of-an-armenian-family-including-a-two-year-o.md) _Context: Armenia, Gyumri_
2. [Authorities declare that the Republican Party, led by President Serzh Sargsyan, wins the Armenia election amid accusations by opposition parties and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe of voting irregularities. ](/news/2017/04/3/authorities-declare-that-the-republican-party-led-by-president-serzh-sargsyan-wins-the-armenia-election-amid-accusations-by-opposition-par.md) _Context: Armenia_
3. [Voters in Armenia go to the polls for an election, the first since constitutional changes were approved in a referendum in 2015, which changed the country's governance from a semi-presidential system to a parliamentary republic. Opinion polls predict a tight race between the nationalist Republican Party, led by President Serzh Sargsyan, and the centre-right Prosperous Armenia, led by Gagik Tsarukyan. With votes from 64% of the polling stations counted, the Republican Party leads with 49.7% of votes. ](/news/2017/04/2/voters-in-armenia-go-to-the-polls-for-an-election-the-first-since-constitutional-changes-were-approved-in-a-referendum-in-2015-which-chang.md) _Context: Armenia_
4. [Armenia and the European Union agree on a new pact to boost ties between the two. It is expected to be signed later this year. This comes after Armenia rejected an Association Agreement in 2013. ](/news/2017/02/27/armenia-and-the-european-union-agree-on-a-new-pact-to-boost-ties-between-the-two-it-is-expected-to-be-signed-later-this-year-this-comes-af.md) _Context: Armenia_
5. [In a referendum held yesterday in the breakaway state of Nagorno-Karabakh (a region long claimed by both Azerbaijan and Armenia), 87.6% of voters approve changing the country's governance system from semi-presidential to full presidential, therefore abolishing the position of prime minister. ](/news/2017/02/21/in-a-referendum-held-yesterday-in-the-breakaway-state-of-nagorno-karabakh-a-region-long-claimed-by-both-azerbaijan-and-armenia-87-6-of-v.md) _Context: Armenia_
6. [Hovik Abrahamyan resigns as Prime Minister of Armenia citing civil unrest and a sharp economic downturn. ](/news/2016/09/8/hovik-abrahamyan-resigns-as-prime-minister-of-armenia-citing-civil-unrest-and-a-sharp-economic-downturn.md) _Context: Armenia_
7. [A two-week standoff comes to an end in Yerevan, Armenia, after the remaining gunmen holed up in a police station surrender to police. The National Security Service says "twenty terrorists have been arrested" following the "complete liberation" of the police compound. ](/news/2016/07/31/a-two-week-standoff-comes-to-an-end-in-yerevan-armenia-after-the-remaining-gunmen-holed-up-in-a-police-station-surrender-to-police-the-na.md) _Context: Armenia_
8. [At least one person is reportedly killed and others are taken hostage after an armed group seized control of the police headquarters in the Erebuni District of Yerevan, Armenia. The gunmen are demanding the release of jailed opposition figure, Jirair Sefilian, according to Armenia's National Security Service. ](/news/2016/07/17/at-least-one-person-is-reportedly-killed-and-others-are-taken-hostage-after-an-armed-group-seized-control-of-the-police-headquarters-in-the.md) _Context: Armenia_
9. [Armenia's parliament, by a 102-8 vote, ratifies an agreement to create an Armenia-Russia joint Air Defense system. ](/news/2016/06/30/armenia-s-parliament-by-a-102-8-vote-ratifies-an-agreement-to-create-an-armenia-russia-joint-air-defense-system.md) _Context: Armenia_
10. [Pope Francis, in his first speech upon arrival at the presidential palace of Serzh Sargsyan in the Armenian capital Yerevan, denounces the planned genocide of Armenians by Ottoman-era Turks a century ago, though the word "genocide" was not included in his prepared speech. ](/news/2016/06/24/pope-francis-in-his-first-speech-upon-arrival-at-the-presidential-palace-of-serzh-sargsyan-in-the-armenian-capital-yerevan-denounces-the-p.md) _Context: Armenia_
