### [2015-01-15](/news/2015/01/15/index.md)

# The Swiss franc to euro exchange rate jumps by 30% immediately following a Swiss National Bank announcement. The bank will abandon its three-year-old cap on the swiss franc's value against the euro as well as lower the interest rate on sight deposits (instant access accounts) to -0.75% (the negative number meaning that the depositor has to pay the bank 0.75% per year to hold the depositor's money). 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/business-30829917)
2. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2015-01-15/snb-unexpectedly-gives-up-cap-on-franc-lowers-deposit-rate.html)

### Related:

1. [The Swiss National Bank introduces a minimum exchange rate of 1.20 CHF/EUR to prevent the overvaluation of the Swiss franc. ](/news/2011/09/6/the-swiss-national-bank-introduces-a-minimum-exchange-rate-of-1-20-chf-eur-to-prevent-the-overvaluation-of-the-swiss-franc.md) _Context: EUR, Swiss National Bank, francs_
2. [The world's largest food group, Nestle SA, opens a new production unit in Konolfingen, Switzerland, and its CEO affirms that the company is committed to its home country, despite problems created by the unusually strong Swiss franc against the euro. ](/news/2011/09/1/the-world-s-largest-food-group-nestla-c-sa-opens-a-new-production-unit-in-konolfingen-switzerland-and-its-ceo-affirms-that-the-company-is.md) _Context: EUR, francs_
3. [International Criminal Court investigation in Mali. The International Criminal Court has ruled that Ahmad al-Faqi al-Mahdi is liable for about - 2.7 million in personal damages for the destruction of Timbuktu's heritage sites, and that the victims (including Mali itself and the international community) be paid "individual, collective, and symbolic" reparations. The Trust Fund for Victims is to decide until 16 February 2018 how the amount will be paid (the Court has also recognized that the penniless al-Mahdi would be unable to pay). ](/news/2017/08/17/international-criminal-court-investigation-in-mali-the-international-criminal-court-has-ruled-that-ahmad-al-faqi-al-mahdi-is-liable-for-abo.md) _Context: EUR_
4. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia had failed to protect students and teachers during the 2004 Beslan school siege, which left 334 people dead, and orders the Russian Government to pay 2,955,000 euros to 409 relatives of the victims. The ruling was quickly denounced by Russia as "unacceptable". ](/news/2017/04/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-had-failed-to-protect-students-and-teachers-during-the-2004-beslan-school-siege-which.md) _Context: EUR_
5. [Former Congolese Vice President and warlord Jean-Pierre Bemba, sentenced last year by the International Criminal Court (ICC) to 18 years in prison for war crimes, is given an additional 12 months and fined 300,000 euros for bribing witnesses during an earlier ICC trial. The court also handed jail terms and fines for alleged interference in his trial to members of his legal team. ](/news/2017/03/22/former-congolese-vice-president-and-warlord-jean-pierre-bemba-sentenced-last-year-by-the-international-criminal-court-icc-to-18-years-in.md) _Context: EUR_
6. [Pope Francis donates 100,000 euros for the poor of Aleppo. ](/news/2017/03/10/pope-francis-donates-100-000-euros-for-the-poor-of-aleppo.md) _Context: EUR_
7. [European Union-The Gambia relations. The European Union pledges to give the Gambia -225 million in aid to assist the country following the departure of former president Yahya Jammeh, whose 22 years of misrule left the country "virtually bankrupt". ](/news/2017/02/10/european-union-the-gambia-relations-the-european-union-pledges-to-give-the-gambia-225-million-in-aid-to-assist-the-country-following-t.md) _Context: EUR_
8. [White House National Trade Council director Peter Navarro says Germany exploits other countries with a "grossly undervalued" euro. German Chancellor Angela Merkel rejects the allegation. ](/news/2017/01/31/white-house-national-trade-council-director-peter-navarro-says-germany-exploits-other-countries-with-a-grossly-undervalued-euro-german-ch.md) _Context: EUR_
9. [Consultancy PwC says that global banks with business both in London and on the European continent must plan for a hard Brexit that entails a break with many of the benefits of the Euro system, and a short transition period. ](/news/2017/01/31/consultancy-pwc-says-that-global-banks-with-business-both-in-london-and-on-the-european-continent-must-plan-for-a-hard-brexit-that-entails-a.md) _Context: EUR_
10. [Silvio Berlusconi prostitute trial. An Italian court orders former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi to stand trial on April 4 on charges of allegedly bribing witnesses with -10 million (US$11 million) in order to silence them over accusations he paid for sex with young women. ](/news/2017/01/28/silvio-berlusconi-prostitute-trial-an-italian-court-orders-former-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-to-stand-trial-on-april-4-on-charges-of.md) _Context: EUR_
