### [2011-08-3](/news/2011/08/3/index.md)

# Computer security firm McAfee uncovers one of the largest series of cyber attacks against the International Olympic Committee, Indian government, the United Nations, the steel industry and defence and security firms. 

The UN and the International Olympic Committee were among those targeted by one of the largest series of cyber-attacks ever, security firm McAfee says.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/technology-14387559)

### Related:

1. [The International Olympic Committee suspends India's national Olympic committee because of government interference in its election process. India's athletes will be barred from competing in Olympic events under their national flag, although the IOC could allow them to do so under the Olympic flag. ](/news/2012/12/4/the-international-olympic-committee-suspends-india-s-national-olympic-committee-because-of-government-interference-in-its-election-process.md) _Context: Government of India, International Olympic Committee_
2. [The United Nations announces expansion of civilian camps for people fleeing Mosul, following resumption of airstrikes  on ISIL-held portions of the Iraqi city. ](/news/2017/04/4/the-united-nations-announces-expansion-of-civilian-camps-for-people-fleeing-mosul-following-resumption-of-airstrikes-on-isil-held-portions.md) _Context: United Nations_
3. [The Government of India revokes the Public Health Foundation of India's registration, allegedly for  foreign-funded lobbying practices. ](/news/2017/04/20/the-government-of-india-revokes-the-public-health-foundation-of-india-s-registration-allegedly-for-foreign-funded-lobbying-practices.md) _Context: Government of India_
4. [At least 17 new mass graves are discovered  by United Nations investigators in Kasai-Central, Democratic Republic of the Congo, mostly around the town of Tshimbulu. ](/news/2017/04/19/at-least-17-new-mass-graves-are-discovered-by-united-nations-investigators-in-kasaa-central-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-mostly-arou.md) _Context: United Nations_
5. [At least 110 people have died of starvation in the drought-hit region of Bay, Somalia, in the past 48 hours, according to Prime Minister Hassan Ali Khayre. This comes as the United Nations and various non-governmental organizations are warning of potential famine in the country. ](/news/2017/03/4/at-least-110-people-have-died-of-starvation-in-the-drought-hit-region-of-bay-somalia-in-the-past-48-hours-according-to-prime-minister-has.md) _Context: United Nations_
6. [The United Nations drop sanctions on Gulbuddin Hekmatyar after his Hezb-e Islami faction and the Afghan government reached a deal in September. Hekmatyar is granted immunity in exchange for his abandoning violence and supporting the Constitution of Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/02/4/the-united-nations-drop-sanctions-on-gulbuddin-hekmatyar-after-his-hezb-e-islami-faction-and-the-afghan-government-reached-a-deal-in-septemb.md) _Context: United Nations_
7. [The United Nations and various humanitarian groups call on the international community to help prevent a possible famine in Somalia as rising food prices and drought have left over six million people at risk of starvation. ](/news/2017/02/3/the-united-nations-and-various-humanitarian-groups-call-on-the-international-community-to-help-prevent-a-possible-famine-in-somalia-as-risin.md) _Context: United Nations_
8. [Per the Afghan government's request, the United Nations drops sanctions against Hezb-e Islami party leader and former Prime Minister Gulbuddin Hekmatyar. This potentially sets up his return to Afghanistan, which is   part of the  country's peace deal with its second largest militant group, signed in September 2016. ](/news/2017/02/3/per-the-afghan-government-s-request-the-united-nations-drops-sanctions-against-hezb-e-islami-party-leader-and-former-prime-minister-gulbudd.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [The World Food Programme (WFP) and other United Nations agencies declare that there is a famine in parts of Unity State, South Sudan, with 100,000 facing starvation and another million on the brink of famine. ](/news/2017/02/20/the-world-food-programme-wfp-and-other-united-nations-agencies-declare-that-there-is-a-famine-in-parts-of-unity-state-south-sudan-with-1.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [According to the United Nations, as many as 96 families have been displaced by criminal gangs who are filling the vacuum left by FARC rebels in Colombia after the latter signed a peace deal with the government last year. ](/news/2017/02/18/according-to-the-united-nations-as-many-as-96-families-have-been-displaced-by-criminal-gangs-who-are-filling-the-vacuum-left-by-farc-rebels.md) _Context: United Nations_
