### [2000-07-2](/news/2000/07/2/index.md)

# Vicente Fox is elected president of Mexico, as candidate of the rightist National Action Party, ending 71 years of Institutional Revolutionary Party rule.




### Related:

1. [Local government elections in The Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) did not achieve as big a win as exit polls indicated, with the National Action Party (PAN) running ahead in three states that are currently controlled by PRI. ](/news/2010/07/5/local-government-elections-in-the-institutional-revolutionary-party-pri-did-not-achieve-as-big-a-win-as-exit-polls-indicated-with-the-nat.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexico, National Action Party (PAN)_
2. [Voters in Mexico go to the polls for a legislative election with reports of violence in southern states and widespread voter disillusionment. Exit polls show the ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party of President Enrique Pena Nieto in a position to retain power. ](/news/2015/06/7/voters-in-mexico-go-to-the-polls-for-a-legislative-election-with-reports-of-violence-in-southern-states-and-widespread-voter-disillusionment.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexico_
3. [A mob angry at the kidnapping and murder of 43 students torches the regional headquarters of Mexico's ruling Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) in Chilpancingo, Guerrero, and briefly holds a police commander hostage. ](/news/2014/11/11/a-mob-angry-at-the-kidnapping-and-murder-of-43-students-torches-the-regional-headquarters-of-mexico-s-ruling-institutional-revolutionary-par.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexico_
4. [Voters in Mexico go to the polls for a general election with Institutional Revolutionary Party presidential candidate Enrique Pena Nieto claiming victory. ](/news/2012/07/1/voters-in-mexico-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-institutional-revolutionary-party-presidential-candidate-enrique-pena-nieto-cla.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexico_
5. [The ruling Mexican National Action Party (PAN) endorses Josefina Vzquez Mota as its candidate for the Presidential election, the first time that a major Mexican party has endorsed a woman to run for President of Mexico. ](/news/2012/02/5/the-ruling-mexican-national-action-party-pan-endorses-josefina-vazquez-mota-as-its-candidate-for-the-presidential-election-the-first-time.md) _Context: Mexico, National Action Party (PAN)_
6. [Former President of Mexico Vicente Fox calls for the legalisation of drugs in Mexico. ](/news/2010/08/9/former-president-of-mexico-vicente-fox-calls-for-the-legalisation-of-drugs-in-mexico.md) _Context: Mexico, Vicente Fox_
7. [ Bombs explode at Mexico's Federal Electoral Tribunal, an opposition party's headquarters and a bank in the capital. ](/news/2006/11/6/bombs-explode-at-mexico-s-federal-electoral-tribunal-an-opposition-party-s-headquarters-and-a-bank-in-the-capital.md) _Context: Institutional Revolutionary Party, Mexico_
8. [ Felipe Caldern of the PAN is declared the winner of Mexico's 2 July presidential election. ](/news/2006/09/5/felipe-calderon-of-the-pan-is-declared-the-winner-of-mexico-s-2-july-presidential-election.md) _Context: Mexico, National Action Party (PAN)_
9. [ Mexico's Federal Electoral Tribunal rules unanimously that results in contested polling stations only marginally affected the lead of Felipe Caldern of the ruling National Action Party over Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador in July's disputed presidential election. ](/news/2006/08/28/mexico-s-federal-electoral-tribunal-rules-unanimously-that-results-in-contested-polling-stations-only-marginally-affected-the-lead-of-felip.md) _Context: Mexico, National Action Party (PAN)_
10. [ In Mexico's presidential election, PRD candidate Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador says he will file a legal challenge against the results of the ongoing official vote count that have him losing to the PAN's Felipe Caldern by 0.57 percentage points. ](/news/2006/07/6/in-mexico-s-presidential-election-prd-candidate-andres-manuel-lopez-obrador-says-he-will-file-a-legal-challenge-against-the-results-of-the.md) _Context: Mexico, National Action Party (PAN)_
