### [2007-09-22](/news/2007/09/22/index.md)

#  35 leaders of Pakistan's All Parties Democratic Movement (APDM) arrested on charges of disrupting public order  to prevent agitation against Pervez Musharraf in Islamabad, Pakistan 




### Related:

1. [Former President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf survives an assassination attempt in Islamabad, Pakistan. There are no reports of injuries. ](/news/2014/04/3/former-president-of-pakistan-pervez-musharraf-survives-an-assassination-attempt-in-islamabad-pakistan-there-are-no-reports-of-injuries.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf_
2. [Chaudhry Zulfiqar Ali, a prosecutor with Pakistan's Federal Investigation Agency leading the prosecution of former President Pervez Musharraf over alleged involvement in the assassination of Benazir Bhutto, is shot dead on the way to court in Islamabad. ](/news/2013/05/3/chaudhry-zulfiqar-ali-a-prosecutor-with-pakistan-s-federal-investigation-agency-leading-the-prosecution-of-former-president-pervez-musharra.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf_
3. [ Pakistani lawyers hold a protest rally in Islamabad to demand the reinstatement of judges sacked by the President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf. ](/news/2008/06/13/pakistani-lawyers-hold-a-protest-rally-in-islamabad-to-demand-the-reinstatement-of-judges-sacked-by-the-president-of-pakistan-pervez-mushar.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf_
4. [ President Pervez Musharraf of Pakistan apologises for a police raid on Geo TV's offices in Islamabad the day before, with 14 police officers suspended for their alleged part in the incident. ](/news/2007/03/17/president-pervez-musharraf-of-pakistan-apologises-for-a-police-raid-on-geo-tv-s-offices-in-islamabad-the-day-before-with-14-police-officer.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf_
5. [Pakistani Chief of Air Staff Sohail Aman warns India not to escalate tensions in the disputed territory of Kashmir under the threat of a full-scale war. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson urges both sides to restrain themselves while on a diplomatic mission to Islamabad. ](/news/2016/11/24/pakistani-chief-of-air-staff-sohail-aman-warns-india-not-to-escalate-tensions-in-the-disputed-territory-of-kashmir-under-the-threat-of-a-ful.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan_
6. [The Afghan Taliban releases a statement rejecting peace talks with the government of Afghanistan until foreign forces stop attacking their positions and withdraw from the country. Direct peace talks between the government and the Taliban were expected to take place in Islamabad, Pakistan next week. ](/news/2016/03/5/the-afghan-taliban-releases-a-statement-rejecting-peace-talks-with-the-government-of-afghanistan-until-foreign-forces-stop-attacking-their-p.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan_
7. [The government of Pakistan warns that it will push to clear the Islamist protests occurring in Islamabad. Protests have broken out in the capital and other cities ever since Mumtaz Qadri was executed last February for his role in killing Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer in 2011 because he opposed Pakistan's blasphemy laws. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-government-of-pakistan-warns-that-it-will-push-to-clear-the-islamist-protests-occurring-in-islamabad-protests-have-broken-out-in-the-ca.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan_
8. [Sartaj Aziz, a top foreign affairs adviser for Pakistan, publicly admits for the first time that the Afghan Taliban's leadership is living in the country and that Islamabad has "considerable influence" over them. ](/news/2016/03/3/sartaj-aziz-a-top-foreign-affairs-adviser-for-pakistan-publicly-admits-for-the-first-time-that-the-afghan-taliban-s-leadership-is-living-i.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan_
9. [Thousands of protestors rally in front of the Parliament of Pakistan in Islamabad in support of Mumtaz Qadri, the killer of reformist Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer in 2011 who was subsequently executed last February. The Pakistan Army was called in to control the situation. ](/news/2016/03/28/thousands-of-protestors-rally-in-front-of-the-parliament-of-pakistan-in-islamabad-in-support-of-mumtaz-qadri-the-killer-of-reformist-punjab.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan_
10. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred  Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf_
