### [2007-06-14](/news/2007/06/14/index.md)

#  A U.S. federal jury convicts former Klansman James Ford Seale of kidnapping and conspiracy in connection with the 1964 deaths of two African-American teenagers in Mississippi. 




### Source:

1. [AP via USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/news/nation/2007-06-14-seale-convicted_N.htm)

### Related:

1. [ Former Ku Klux Klan member James Seale is sentenced to life imprisonment for his role in the 1964 murder of two black men in the U.S. state of Mississippi. ](/news/2007/08/24/former-ku-klux-klan-member-james-seale-is-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-for-his-role-in-the-1964-murder-of-two-black-men-in-the-u-s-state.md) _Context: James Seale, Ku Klux Klan, Mississippi_
2. [Presidency of Donald Trump. Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/presidency-of-donald-trump-numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-regist.md) _Context: Mississippi_
3. [2017 Mississippi shootings. Eight people, including a Lincoln County Sheriff's Department deputy, are fatally shot overnight at three locations in rural Mississippi. A suspect is in custody; he says he intended for it to be "suicide by cop." ](/news/2017/05/28/2017-mississippi-shootings-eight-people-including-a-lincoln-county-sheriff-s-department-deputy-are-fatally-shot-overnight-at-three-locati.md) _Context: Mississippi_
4. [Two UN officials with MONUSCO-an American and a Swede-are among six people kidnapped near the village of Ngombe in the Democratic Republic of the Congo's Kasai-Central province. Congolese officials have not identified the kidnappers nor has any group claimed responsibility. ](/news/2017/03/13/two-un-officials-with-monusco-an-american-and-a-swede-are-among-six-people-kidnapped-near-the-village-of-ngombe-in-the-democratic-republ.md) _Context: kidnapped_
5. [Multiple tornadoes tear through New Orleans, Baton Rouge, and other parts of southeastern Louisiana, injuring at least 20 people; no deaths have been reported. The severe weather also delivers heavy rain and hail in Mississippi and Alabama. ](/news/2017/02/7/multiple-tornadoes-tear-through-new-orleans-baton-rouge-and-other-parts-of-southeastern-louisiana-injuring-at-least-20-people-no-deaths.md) _Context: Mississippi_
6. [2017 Chicago torture incident. Chicago Police arrest four African-American suspects after they stream a video on Facebook showing themselves torturing and scalping a bound and gagged, kidnapped, white man with a mental disorder. The four suspects will face elevated hate crime charges. ](/news/2017/01/4/2017-chicago-torture-incident-chicago-police-arrest-four-african-american-suspects-after-they-stream-a-video-on-facebook-showing-themselves.md) _Context: African-American_
7. [LGBT rights in the United States. A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/lgbt-rights-in-the-united-states-a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminato.md) _Context: Mississippi_
8. [LGBT rights in the United States. The Mississippi Hospitality and Restaurant Association, in response to the potential backlash from Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant's signing of the known-as "religious freedom" bill which permits denial of services because of religious belief, will distribute decals that say "Everyone's Welcome Here." Mike Cashion, MHRA director, says the bill "created a level of controversy" that affects Mississippi's image. ](/news/2016/04/7/lgbt-rights-in-the-united-states-the-mississippi-hospitality-and-restaurant-association-in-response-to-the-potential-backlash-from-mississ.md) _Context: Mississippi_
9. [Philippines-United Kingdom relations. Philippines-United States relations. The United States and the United Kingdom issue travel alerts for their citizens to avoid the Sulu Archipelago in the southwestern Philippines where a wave of kidnappings by Abu Sayyaf militants has occurred. ](/news/2016/04/21/philippines-united-kingdom-relations-philippines-united-states-relations-the-united-states-and-the-united-kingdom-issue-travel-alerts-for.md) _Context: kidnapped_
10. [United Kingdom-United States relations. The United Kingdom's Foreign Office issues a travel advisory for gay people concerning travel to parts of the United States due to new legislation in North Carolina and Mississippi. ](/news/2016/04/20/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-the-united-kingdom-s-foreign-office-issues-a-travel-advisory-for-gay-people-concerning-travel-to-p.md) _Context: Mississippi_
