### [2007-06-14](/news/2007/06/14/index.md)

#  Bertie Ahern of Fianna Fail is elected as Ireland's Taoiseach for a record third term upon the opening of the 30th Dail; the Taoiseach then announces his new cabinet with ministries. 

The Taoiseach has said that a new Fianna Fáil face will be appointed to a senior position when he appoints his cabinet later this evening.


### Source:

1. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2007/0614/election.html)

### Related:

1. [Bertie Ahern, the former taoiseach who led the stricken Fianna Fail political party from 1994 until 2008, announces he is to resign from Dail Eireann at the forthcoming general election. ](/news/2010/12/30/bertie-ahern-the-former-taoiseach-who-led-the-stricken-fianna-fa-il-political-party-from-1994-until-2008-announces-he-is-to-resign-from-da.md) _Context: Bertie Ahern, Fianna Fail, Taoiseach_
2. [ Irish Minister for Justice, Equality and Law Reform Michael McDowell directly accuses Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams as well as Martin McGuinness (both elected MPs) and Martin Ferris TD of being on the IRA Army Council, the first such direct accusation from the Irish Government. Irish Prime Minister Bertie Ahern meanwhile has said he does not know the make-up of the Council. ](/news/2005/02/20/irish-minister-for-justice-equality-and-law-reform-michael-mcdowell-directly-accuses-sinn-fa-c-in-leader-gerry-adams-as-well-as-martin-mcgui.md) _Context: Bertie Ahern, Irish government, Taoiseach_
3. [Irish general election, 2016: Prime Minister Enda Kenny, who rejected suggestions he should resign, says he will "fully and inclusively" engage with other parties, groups and Independents, including Fianna Fail, as he forms the country's government. Sinn Fein says it is not interested in forming a coalition government with Kenny's Fine Gael party. ](/news/2016/03/1/irish-general-election-2016-prime-minister-enda-kenny-who-rejected-suggestions-he-should-resign-says-he-will-fully-and-inclusively-eng.md) _Context: Fianna Fail, Taoiseach_
4. [Situation in Ireland:: Taoiseach Brian Cowen announces he is to make a "significant" statement on his leadership of the ruling Fianna Fail party in Dublin at 14:00, to be broadcast on television and radio. ](/news/2011/01/22/situation-in-ireland-taoiseach-brian-cowen-announces-he-is-to-make-a-significant-statement-on-his-leadership-of-the-ruling-fianna-fa-il.md) _Context: Fianna Fail, Taoiseach_
5. [Situation in Ireland:: Taoiseach Brian Cowen wins a vote of confidence in his leadership, a secret ballot held at a meeting of the Fianna Fail parliamentary party in Dublin. ](/news/2011/01/18/situation-in-ireland-taoiseach-brian-cowen-wins-a-vote-of-confidence-in-his-leadership-a-secret-ballot-held-at-a-meeting-of-the-fianna-fa.md) _Context: Fianna Fail, Taoiseach_
6. [Leadership challenge to Taoiseach Brian Cowen:: Taoiseach Brian Cowen announces his intention to lead the ruling Fianna Fail party into the upcoming general election after spending the past two days consulting his party. He offers his colleagues a secret motion of confidence ballot in his leadership, scheduled for Tuesday. ](/news/2011/01/16/leadership-challenge-to-taoiseach-brian-cowen-taoiseach-brian-cowen-announces-his-intention-to-lead-the-ruling-fianna-fa-il-party-into-the.md) _Context: Fianna Fail, Taoiseach_
7. [The leaders of Ireland's two main political parties, Fianna Fail and Fine Gael, come under fire. Irish Taoiseach Brian Cowen faces a motion of no confidence in Dail Eireann, his second in just over a year. Leader of the Opposition, Enda Kenny, who sacked his deputy leader yesterday to prevent a potential coup, faces further revolt from his party as nine more members of his frontbench call on him to resign. ](/news/2010/06/15/the-leaders-of-ireland-s-two-main-political-parties-fianna-fa-il-and-fine-gael-come-under-fire-irish-taoiseach-brian-cowen-faces-a-motion.md) _Context: Fianna Fail, Taoiseach_
8. [ The Irish Taoiseach, Bertie Ahern, officially resigns after ten years, ten months and ten days as head of government. ](/news/2008/05/6/the-irish-taoiseach-bertie-ahern-officially-resigns-after-ten-years-ten-months-and-ten-days-as-head-of-government.md) _Context: Bertie Ahern, Taoiseach_
9. [ Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern announces he will resign on 6 May after 11 years of rule. ](/news/2008/04/2/irish-taoiseach-bertie-ahern-announces-he-will-resign-on-6-may-after-11-years-of-rule.md) _Context: Bertie Ahern, Taoiseach_
10. [ "Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:": Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions.: Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister.: Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.: Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy.: Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government.: Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-parl.md) _Context: Bertie Ahern, Taoiseach_
