### [2007-06-14](/news/2007/06/14/index.md)

#  Cuba introduces a United Nations resolution on Puerto Rico calling on the United States to expedite Puerto Rico's self-determination process; the text also requests the General Assembly to consider the question and urges cleanup of Vieques island and release of Puerto Rican political prisoners. 




### Source:

1. [UN](http://www.un.org/News/Press/docs//2007/gacol3160.doc.htm)

### Related:

1. [Irma has killed at least 10 people. The storm, still at Category 5 strength with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h), is moving west-northwest at 16 mph (26 km/h). It has reached the dual-country island of Hispaniola and is forecast to pass over the Turks and Caicos Islands as it heads towards The Bahamas and Cuba. The eye did not directly hit Puerto Rico; still casualties are reported and around two-thirds of its 3.4 million population are without electricity. ](/news/2017/09/7/irma-has-killed-at-least-10-people-the-storm-still-at-category-5-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-175-mph-280-km-h-is-moving-we.md) _Context: Cuba, Puerto Rico_
2. [For the first time in 25 years, the United States abstains in a United Nations vote calling for an end to its Cuban economic embargo. ](/news/2016/10/26/for-the-first-time-in-25-years-the-united-states-abstains-in-a-united-nations-vote-calling-for-an-end-to-its-cuban-economic-embargo.md) _Context: Cuba, United Nations_
3. [Five deaths occurred in Haiti as Tropical Storm Erika dumped heavy rains there, on the Dominican Republic, and on Puerto Rico. The storm weakened to a Tropical Depression before it hit Cuba (max winds 56 kph (35 mph), heading to the southeastern Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2015/08/29/five-deaths-occurred-in-haiti-as-tropical-storm-erika-dumped-heavy-rains-there-on-the-dominican-republic-and-on-puerto-rico-the-storm-wea.md) _Context: Cuba, Puerto Rico_
4. [Cuba defends North Korea by circulating an amendment to a European-Japanese draft resolution recommending the referral of North Korea to the International Criminal Court for crimes against humanity. ](/news/2014/11/13/cuba-defends-north-korea-by-circulating-an-amendment-to-a-european-japanese-draft-resolution-recommending-the-referral-of-north-korea-to-the.md) _Context: Cuba, United Nations_
5. [China, Russia, Cuba, Saudi Arabia, Vietnam, and Algeria are elected to the United Nations Human Rights Council. ](/news/2013/11/13/china-russia-cuba-saudi-arabia-vietnam-and-algeria-are-elected-to-the-united-nations-human-rights-council.md) _Context: Cuba, United Nations_
6. [The United Nations General Assembly approves the first Arms Trade Treaty to regulate the multi-billion-dollar global trade in conventional arms with 154 votes in favor, three member states - Iran, North Korea and Syria - against the decision, and 23 abstentions. ](/news/2013/04/2/the-united-nations-general-assembly-approves-the-first-arms-trade-treaty-to-regulate-the-multi-billion-dollar-global-trade-in-conventional-a.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations General Assembly_
7. [Tropical Storm Isaac forms in the Atlantic Ocean with tropical storm warnings in place for Puerto Rico, the US and British Virgin Islands, Martinique, Dominica, Guadeloupe, St Martin, St Kitts, Nevis, Antigua, Barbuda, Montserrat, Anguilla, Saba, St Eustatius, St Maarten, Culebra and Vieques. ](/news/2012/08/21/tropical-storm-isaac-forms-in-the-atlantic-ocean-with-tropical-storm-warnings-in-place-for-puerto-rico-the-us-and-british-virgin-islands-m.md) _Context: Puerto Rico, Vieques_
8. [Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian National Authority, says he will push for full United Nations membership as a nation state for the Palestinian National Authority at the September 23 UN General Assembly meeting. ](/news/2011/09/16/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-says-he-will-push-for-full-united-nations-membership-as-a-nation-state-f.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations General Assembly_
9. [The Palestinian National Authority states it will seek United Nations recognition through both the Security Council and the General Assembly in September. It is currently lobbying nations for recognition during the stalled peace talks with Israel. ](/news/2011/01/11/the-palestinian-national-authority-states-it-will-seek-united-nations-recognition-through-both-the-security-council-and-the-general-assembly.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations General Assembly_
10. [ The United Nations General Assembly debates on whether to endorse the Goldstone report on the Gaza War. ](/news/2009/11/4/the-united-nations-general-assembly-debates-on-whether-to-endorse-the-goldstone-report-on-the-gaza-war.md) _Context: United Nations, United Nations General Assembly_
