### [2007-06-14](/news/2007/06/14/index.md)

#  Hamas claims full control of Palestinian Authority security agencies on the Gaza Strip. 




### Source:

1. [AFP/Reuters via ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/newsitems/200706/s1951863.htm)
2. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/I/ISRAEL_PALESTINIANS?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT&CTIME=2007-06-13-23-16-06)
3. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2007/WORLD/meast/06/14/gaza/index.html)
4. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/newsOne/idUSMAC32084020070613)
4. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20070613&t=2&i=955349&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=955349)

### Related:

1. [Israel suspends peace talks with the Palestinian Authority following an announcement of a unity agreement between the ruling Palestinian faction Fatah and the militant Hamas rulers of Gaza. ](/news/2014/04/24/israel-suspends-peace-talks-with-the-palestinian-authority-following-an-announcement-of-a-unity-agreement-between-the-ruling-palestinian-fac.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinian Authority_
2. [ Due to increasing rocket attacks aimed at Israeli civilians, The Government of Israel declares the Palestinian-controlled Gaza Strip an "enemy entity", and announces plans to cut utilities to the territory. ](/news/2007/09/19/due-to-increasing-rocket-attacks-aimed-at-israeli-civilians-the-government-of-israel-declares-the-palestinian-controlled-gaza-strip-an-en.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinian Authority_
3. [ The BBC issues a plea for information on the whereabouts of its Gaza correspondent, Alan Johnston, who has been missing for three days and is believed by Palestinian security officials to have been kidnapped. ](/news/2007/03/15/the-bbc-issues-a-plea-for-information-on-the-whereabouts-of-its-gaza-correspondent-alan-johnston-who-has-been-missing-for-three-days-and.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinian Authority_
4. [ The Palestinian Authority redeploys paramilitary police in Gaza for the first time since the outbreak of the Al-Aqsa Intifada. ](/news/2005/01/21/the-palestinian-authority-redeploys-paramilitary-police-in-gaza-for-the-first-time-since-the-outbreak-of-the-al-aqsa-intifada.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinian Authority_
5. [ Yasser Arafat, President of the Palestinian Authority, seeking to quiet unrest in the Gaza Strip reinstates Abdel-Razek al-Majaideh, demoting his cousin Moussa Arafat who was appointed just three days ago. ](/news/2004/07/19/yasser-arafat-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-seeking-to-quiet-unrest-in-the-gaza-strip-reinstates-abdel-razek-al-majaideh-demoti.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinian Authority_
6. [ The Prime Minister of the Palestinian Authority, Ahmed Qurei, submits his resignation during chaos in the Gaza Strip as gunmen kidnapped several people, including the chief of police of the Gaza Strip, demanding reform of the Palestinian security force. Yasser Arafat refuses to accept the resignation. ](/news/2004/07/17/the-prime-minister-of-the-palestinian-authority-ahmed-qurei-submits-his-resignation-during-chaos-in-the-gaza-strip-as-gunmen-kidnapped-se.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinian Authority_
7. [ Palestinian militants kidnap Ghazi al-Jabali, the Palestinian Authority Chief of Police of the Gaza Strip, at gunpoint following an ambush of his convoy and the wounding of two bodyguards. The Jenin Martyrs' Brigade claims responsibility. Hours later the police chief is released and another official of the Palestinian Authority kidnapped. ](/news/2004/07/16/palestinian-militants-kidnap-ghazi-al-jabali-the-palestinian-authority-chief-of-police-of-the-gaza-strip-at-gunpoint-following-an-ambush.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinian Authority_
8. [ Palestinian Yasser Arafat dismisses Israel's threat to kill him. American representatives, and other world leaders, criticize Israel's prime minister for the suggestion. [http://www.arabnews.com/?page=4&section=0&article=42503&d=4&m=4&y=2004 (ArabNews)] Prime Minister Ariel Sharon conflicts with right-wing ministers over a plan to unilaterally disengage from the Gaza Strip. Housing and Construction Minister, Effie Eitam, and Tourism Minister, Benny Elon, demand that the plan receive cabinet approval. [http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1081052087090 (Jerusalem Post)] A year-long European Parliament investigation into how the Palestinian Authority spents money given to it by the European Union fails to find evidence linking its funds with terrorist activity. The findings, leaked before they were made public, are under attack, with one member of the probe calling it a "partial" whitewash. [http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1080979165731 (Jerusalem Post)] Millwall FC beat Sunderland A.F.C. 1-0 at Old Trafford to make it to the 2004 FA Cup Final after Tim Cahill scores the winning goal.](/news/2004/04/4/palestinian-yasser-arafat-dismisses-israel-s-threat-to-kill-him-american-representatives-and-other-world-leaders-criticize-israel-s-prim.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinian Authority_
9. [ Hundreds of militants and their supporters staged a protest against the Palestinian Authority in the Gaza Strip for putting on trial four men charged in the bombing of a United States diplomatic convoy which killed three Americans. The closed military trial began on February 7.](/news/2004/02/10/hundreds-of-militants-and-their-supporters-staged-a-protest-against-the-palestinian-authority-in-the-gaza-strip-for-putting-on-trial-four-m.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinian Authority_
10. [Colonel Rashid Abu Shbak of the Palestinian Authority, said that information was still coming in and the investigating team had been upgraded, but he had no new leads on who was behind the bombing attack of an American diplomatic convoy on October 15, 2002. Three people died in the attack. U.S. officials have been stopped from going to Gaza since the attack. No decision has been made yet on when they might be allowed to return. Col. Shbak blamed Israel for the lack of progress in the investigation.[http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=4169415]](/news/2004/01/20/colonel-rashid-abu-shbak-of-the-palestinian-authority-said-that-information-was-still-coming-in-and-the-investigating-team-had-been-upgrade.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinian Authority_
