### [2007-06-14](/news/2007/06/14/index.md)

#  The San Antonio Spurs defeat the Cleveland Cavaliers in Game 4 of the 2007 NBA Finals to win the 2007 National Basketball Association Championship. 




### Source:

1. [SI](http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/basketball/nba/boxscores/2007/06/14/22005_boxscore.html)

### Related:

1. [The Cleveland Cavaliers set a new record for consecutive losses in a single National Basketball Association season in the United States. ](/news/2011/02/5/the-cleveland-cavaliers-set-a-new-record-for-consecutive-losses-in-a-single-national-basketball-association-season-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Cleveland Cavaliers, NBA_
2. [ The San Antonio Spurs become NBA basketball champions by defeating the New Jersey Nets in game six of the 2003 NBA Finals, 88-77. It is the Spurs second franchise title.](/news/2003/06/15/the-san-antonio-spurs-become-nba-basketball-champions-by-defeating-the-new-jersey-nets-in-game-six-of-the-2003-nba-finals-88a77-it-is-t.md) _Context: NBA, San Antonio Spurs_
3. [ Three time defending NBA champions Los Angeles Lakers get eliminated from the 2002-2003 playoffs, losing 110-82 to the San Antonio Spurs in Los Angeles in Game 6 of their series.](/news/2003/05/16/three-time-defending-nba-champions-los-angeles-lakers-get-eliminated-from-the-2002a2003-playoffs-losing-110a82-to-the-san-antonio-spur.md) _Context: NBA, San Antonio Spurs_
4. [The office of the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York announces that 10 individuals, including assistant coaches at four NCAA Division I men's basketball programs--Arizona, Auburn, Oklahoma State, and USC--have been arrested on federal corruption charges. The accused are alleged to be part of a scheme by which coaches accepted bribes to steer NBA-bound college players toward certain agents and financial advisers. Court documents also allege that an apparel company later identified as Adidas paid $100,000 to the family of an unnamed player to ensure his signing with an unnamed Division I school, which was later confirmed as the University of Louisville. ](/news/2017/09/26/the-office-of-the-united-states-attorney-for-the-southern-district-of-new-york-announces-that-10-individuals-including-assistant-coaches-at.md) _Context: NBA_
5. [ Enes Kanter, a Turkish player with the NBA's Oklahoma City Thunder, returns to the U.S. after having been briefly detained in Bucharest. Kanter alleged that his public opposition to Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan and support of exiled Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen had led to the cancellation of his Turkish passport. ](/news/2017/05/21/enes-kanter-a-turkish-player-with-the-nba-s-oklahoma-city-thunder-returns-to-the-u-s-after-having-been-briefly-detained-in-bucharest-ka.md) _Context: NBA_
6. [Enes Kanter, a Turkish basketballer playing in the American National Basketball Association, is detained at Henri Coanda International Airport after his Turkish passport was cancelled. ](/news/2017/05/20/enes-kanter-a-turkish-basketballer-playing-in-the-american-national-basketball-association-is-detained-at-henri-coanda-international-airp.md) _Context: NBA_
7. [Bryce Dejean-Jones, a National Basketball Association player with the New Orleans Pelicans, is shot dead in Dallas, Texas, after breaking down an apartment bedroom door. ](/news/2016/05/28/bryce-dejean-jones-a-national-basketball-association-player-with-the-new-orleans-pelicans-is-shot-dead-in-dallas-texas-after-breaking-do.md) _Context: NBA_
8. [NBA Commissioner Adam Silver announces that Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling is banned from the league for life after a recording of Sterling making racist comments surfaces. Sterling is also fined the maximum allowable US$2.5 million as the NBA examines options for a forced sale. ](/news/2014/04/29/nba-commissioner-adam-silver-announces-that-los-angeles-clippers-owner-donald-sterling-is-banned-from-the-league-for-life-after-a-recording.md) _Context: NBA_
9. [While reportedly on his way to surrender to police in Atlanta, Georgia to face murder charges, former National Basketball Association player Javaris Crittenton is arrested by the FBI at John Wayne Airport in Orange County, California. ](/news/2011/08/30/while-reportedly-on-his-way-to-surrender-to-police-in-atlanta-georgia-to-face-murder-charges-former-national-basketball-association-player.md) _Context: NBA_
10. [NBA free agent LeBron James announces in an hour-long TV special that he plans to sign with the Miami Heat for the upcoming season. ](/news/2010/07/8/nba-free-agent-lebron-james-announces-in-an-hour-long-tv-special-that-he-plans-to-sign-with-the-miami-heat-for-the-upcoming-season.md) _Context: NBA_
