### [2015-09-16](/news/2015/09/16/index.md)

# 2015 Burkinabe coup d'etat: Soldiers detain the interim president and prime minister of Burkina Faso, as well as a number of cabinet ministers, sparking fear of a coup d'etat. A joint statement by the United Nations, the African Union, and the Economic Community of West African States states that the presidential guard should immediately release the leaders of the interim government. 

Detention of president, prime minister and cabinet members raises fears of coup before elections.


### Source:

1. [Al-Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/09/burkina-faso-soldiers-detain-interim-leaders-150916181328564.html)
2. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/2015/09/16/burkina-army-idINKCN0RG29020150916)

### Related:

1. [2015 Burkinabe coup d'etat: After a tense standoff, Burkina Faso's military crushed the elite presidential guard and seized the coup's abandoned headquarters. The former head of the guard, Gen. Gilbert Diendere, had called on his men to lay down their weapons to avoid a bloodbath. Diendere told Agence France-Presse (AFP) he feared -many deaths and injuries- in the operation. It is unclear whether there are casualties. ](/news/2015/09/29/2015-burkinaba-c-coup-d-a-c-tat-after-a-tense-standoff-burkina-faso-s-military-crushed-the-elite-presidential-guard-and-seized-the-coup-s-aba.md) _Context: 2015 Burkinabe coup d'etat, Burkina Faso_
2. [2015 Burkinab coup d'tat: Burkina Faso's cabinet dissolves the elite presidential guard behind last week's coup d'tat, creates a commission to investigate these events, and dismisses the minister in charge of security. ](/news/2015/09/25/2015-burkinabe-coup-d-etat-burkina-faso-s-cabinet-dissolves-the-elite-presidential-guard-behind-last-week-s-coup-d-etat-creates-a-commissi.md) _Context: Burkina Faso, coup d'tat_
3. [2015 Burkinabe coup d'etat: The coup is reversed. Interim President Michel Kafando and interim Prime Minister Yacouba Isaac Zida are reinstalled, and government soldiers are returned to their stations. Coup leader Gen. Gilbert Diendere apologizes for the coup and the week-long unrest that killed at least 10 people. The Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) suggests that elections, originally scheduled for Oct. 11, be held Nov. 22, and that candidate eligibility rules be more inclusive. ](/news/2015/09/24/2015-burkinaba-c-coup-d-a-c-tat-the-coup-is-reversed-interim-president-michel-kafando-and-interim-prime-minister-yacouba-isaac-zida-are-reins.md) _Context: 2015 Burkinabe coup d'etat, ECOWAS_
4. [2015 Burkinabe coup d'etat: The provisional government of Burkina Faso is overthrown in a military coup. ](/news/2015/09/17/2015-burkinaba-c-coup-d-a-c-tat-the-provisional-government-of-burkina-faso-is-overthrown-in-a-military-coup.md) _Context: 2015 Burkinabe coup d'etat, Burkina Faso_
5. [2013 Central African Republic coup d'tat:: The United Nations approves the creation of the MISCA peacekeeping mission in the Central African Republic, initially led by the African Union with French military support, to help quell the ongoing civil war, as reports emerge of more than 100 people killed during recent clashes in the capital Bangui. ](/news/2013/12/5/2013-central-african-republic-coup-d-etat-the-united-nations-approves-the-creation-of-the-misca-peacekeeping-mission-in-the-central-africa.md) _Context: African Union, United Nations_
6. [The head of the African Union, Jean Ping, arrives in Guinea-Bissau after the country's army chief claims to have foiled a military coup. ](/news/2011/12/28/the-head-of-the-african-union-jean-ping-arrives-in-guinea-bissau-after-the-country-s-army-chief-claims-to-have-foiled-a-military-coup.md) _Context: African Union, coup d'tat_
7. [The United Nations accuses Eritrea of attempting to bomb an African Union summit in Ethiopia. ](/news/2011/07/28/the-united-nations-accuses-eritrea-of-attempting-to-bomb-an-african-union-summit-in-ethiopia.md) _Context: African Union, United Nations_
8. [President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir says the "mandate" of the United Nations, African Union and international aid organisations in Darfur is to "support government authorities" and that expulsion is the other option. ](/news/2010/08/8/president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-says-the-mandate-of-the-united-nations-african-union-and-international-aid-organisations-in-darfur-is-t.md) _Context: African Union, United Nations_
9. [The United States, European Union and United Nations pledge additional resources to the African Union's AMISOM peacekeeping force in Somalia. ](/news/2010/07/26/the-united-states-european-union-and-united-nations-pledge-additional-resources-to-the-african-union-s-amisom-peacekeeping-force-in-somalia.md) _Context: African Union, United Nations_
10. [In its annual report, Amnesty International says human rights abuses and repression increased in Iran and China last year, the African Union refused to cooperate with the International Criminal Court after it indicted Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for war crimes in Darfur, the United Nations- Human Rights Council took little action while Sri Lanka-s army and Tamil militants both committed potential war crimes, and Israel and the militant group Hamas did not follow up on reports that accused both sides of human rights abuses during the Gaza War. ](/news/2010/05/27/in-its-annual-report-amnesty-international-says-human-rights-abuses-and-repression-increased-in-iran-and-china-last-year-the-african-union.md) _Context: African Union, United Nations_
