### [2015-09-16](/news/2015/09/16/index.md)

# PKK attacks kill five Turkish police officers in the southeastern Mardin and Hakkari provinces. The Turkish Army claims to have killed nine militants. 

Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) militants kill three Turkish police officers overnight in a bomb attack on their armored vehicle as they traveled along a highway in southeast Turkey, security sources say


### Source:

1. [Daily Sabah](http://www.dailysabah.com/nation/2015/09/16/5-police-officers-killed-by-pkk-terrorists-in-southeastern-turkey)
2. [Reuters via ''Daily Star](http://www.dailystar.com.lb/News/Middle-East/2015/Sep-16/315432-pkk-bomb-attack-clashes-kill-12-in-southeast-turkey-sources.ashx?utm_content=buffer30b44&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer)

### Related:

1. [Turkey's air force launches a new wave of air-raids bombing PKK positions in northern Iraq and southeastern Turkey. Turkish warplanes destroy PKK fuel and ammunition depots in the Hakkari province on the border with Iraq, as well as, in the eastern Kars province, according to a military statement. ](/news/2015/10/4/turkey-s-air-force-launches-a-new-wave-of-air-raids-bombing-pkk-positions-in-northern-iraq-and-southeastern-turkey-turkish-warplanes-destro.md) _Context: Hakkari Province, PKK, Turkey-PKK conflict_
2. [Turkey bombs PKK sites in northern Iraq after a bombing yesterday in Hakkari Province that killed at least 16 soldiers. ](/news/2015/09/8/turkey-bombs-pkk-sites-in-northern-iraq-after-a-bombing-yesterday-in-hakkac-ri-province-that-killed-at-least-16-soldiers.md) _Context: Hakkari Province, Turkey-PKK conflict, Turkish Army_
3. [Two police officers are gunned down by suspected PKK militants on the streets of Adana, southern Turkey. ](/news/2015/09/29/two-police-officers-are-gunned-down-by-suspected-pkk-militants-on-the-streets-of-adana-southern-turkey.md) _Context: PKK, Turkey-PKK conflict, Turkish police_
4. [Turkish police headquarters in Midyat and Cinar, Diyarbakir, are hit by car bombs, killing six people and injuring 39. No group has claimed responsibility but the government accuses PKK rebels of carrying out the attack. ](/news/2016/01/14/turkish-police-headquarters-in-midyat-and-aa-nar-diyarbaka-r-are-hit-by-car-bombs-killing-six-people-and-injuring-39-no-group-has-claim.md) _Context: Turkey-PKK conflict, Turkish police_
5. [Turkish security forces backed up by tanks and combat helicopters launch a large-scale operation against PKK militants in the mainly Kurdish town of Silvan, which has been under a punishing curfew for nine days. At least five people are killed in the fighting, including a Turkish soldier. ](/news/2015/11/11/turkish-security-forces-backed-up-by-tanks-and-combat-helicopters-launch-a-large-scale-operation-against-pkk-militants-in-the-mainly-kurdish.md) _Context: PKK, Turkey-PKK conflict_
6. [At least 17 PKK militants are reportedly killed following a Turkish military operation in the Kurdish-majority city of Silvan. ](/news/2015/10/2/at-least-17-pkk-militants-are-reportedly-killed-following-a-turkish-military-operation-in-the-kurdish-majority-city-of-silvan.md) _Context: PKK, Turkey-PKK conflict_
7. [Three Turkish troops, including a lieutenant colonel, are killed following clashes with PKK insurgents around Daglica vlliage, in the southeastern Hakkari Province. At least 17 PKK insurgents were also reportedly killed in the fighting. ](/news/2015/10/17/three-turkish-troops-including-a-lieutenant-colonel-are-killed-following-clashes-with-pkk-insurgents-around-daala-ca-vlliage-in-the-sout.md) _Context: Hakkari Province, PKK_
8. [The Turkish Air Force launches a wave of airstrikes against PKK targets in northern Iraq and southeastern Turkey. Turkish security officials have also rejected a PKK ceasefire declared on Saturday shortly after the bombings in Ankara, saying "The PKK ceasefire means nothing for us. The operations will continue without a break". ](/news/2015/10/11/the-turkish-air-force-launches-a-wave-of-airstrikes-against-pkk-targets-in-northern-iraq-and-southeastern-turkey-turkish-security-officials.md) _Context: PKK, Turkey-PKK conflict_
9. [Twin bomb blasts in the Turkish capital Ankara near the main train station leave at least 97 people dead and over 400 wounded. The bombing occurred during a peace rally protesting the conflict between Turkey and the militant Kurdish PKK.  ](/news/2015/10/10/twin-bomb-blasts-in-the-turkish-capital-ankara-near-the-main-train-station-leave-at-least-97-people-dead-and-over-400-wounded-the-bombing-o.md) _Context: PKK, Turkey-PKK conflict_
10. [Four Turkish soldiers are killed in PKK attacks across southeastern Turkey. Turkish authorities impose a curfew in the city of Mardin due to escalating violence. ](/news/2015/10/1/four-turkish-soldiers-are-killed-in-pkk-attacks-across-southeastern-turkey-turkish-authorities-impose-a-curfew-in-the-city-of-mardin-due-to.md) _Context: PKK, Turkey-PKK conflict_
