### [2015-09-16](/news/2015/09/16/index.md)

# The death toll rises to 16 from this week's flash flood along the  Utah - Arizona border in the United States. 




### Source:

1. [Christian Science Monitor](http://www.csmonitor.com/USA/2015/0916/Polygamist-community-in-Utah-devastated-by-once-in-a-century-flood)

### Related:

1. [Lake Mead in Mohave County, Arizona, the largest reservoir in the United States, drops to its lowest level in history, declining to its lowest level since it was filled in the 1930s. The reservoir serves water to the states of Arizona, Nevada and California. ](/news/2016/05/21/lake-mead-in-mohave-county-arizona-the-largest-reservoir-in-the-united-states-drops-to-its-lowest-level-in-history-declining-to-its-lowe.md) _Context: Arizona, United States_
2. [The U.S. state of Utah declares pornography a "public health risk" in a move Governor of Utah Gary Herbert says is to "protect our families and our young people". The bill, signed by the governor, does not ban pornography in the state but does call for greater "efforts to prevent pornography exposure and addiction". ](/news/2016/04/20/the-u-s-state-of-utah-declares-pornography-a-public-health-risk-in-a-move-governor-of-utah-gary-herbert-says-is-to-protect-our-families.md) _Context: United States, Utah_
3. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: United States, Utah_
4. [Health authorities in the United States say that 53 people in nine states have been sickened in a salmonella outbreak. California is the worst affected state with 31 cases with the other states with cases include Arizona, Illinois, Mississippi, New Mexico, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. ](/news/2015/05/21/health-authorities-in-the-united-states-say-that-53-people-in-nine-states-have-been-sickened-in-a-salmonella-outbreak-california-is-the-wor.md) _Context: Arizona, United States_
5. [Same-sex marriage becomes legal in the U.S. state of Utah, and gay couples begin receiving marriage licenses, after a federal judge strikes down a provision of the Utah Constitution. ](/news/2013/12/20/same-sex-marriage-becomes-legal-in-the-u-s-state-of-utah-and-gay-couples-begin-receiving-marriage-licenses-after-a-federal-judge-strikes.md) _Context: United States, Utah_
6. [Five people are killed and 17 are injured in Vail, Arizona, United States, when a car accident occurs during a U.S. Border Patrol pursuit. ](/news/2013/04/20/five-people-are-killed-and-17-are-injured-in-vail-arizona-united-states-when-a-car-accident-occurs-during-a-u-s-border-patrol-pursuit.md) _Context: Arizona, United States_
7. [Daylight saving time goes into effect across the United States (except Arizona and Hawaii) and Canada (except Saskatchewan). ](/news/2013/03/10/daylight-saving-time-goes-into-effect-across-the-united-states-except-arizona-and-hawaii-and-canada-except-saskatchewan.md) _Context: Arizona, United States_
8. [Three people are killed in a drug-related shooting in a house in Midvale, Utah, United States. ](/news/2013/02/12/three-people-are-killed-in-a-drug-related-shooting-in-a-house-in-midvale-utah-united-states.md) _Context: United States, Utah_
9. [Three people are dead, including the shooter, one person is wounded after a shooting at an office building in Phoenix, Arizona, United States. ](/news/2013/01/30/three-people-are-dead-including-the-shooter-one-person-is-wounded-after-a-shooting-at-an-office-building-in-phoenix-arizona-united-state.md) _Context: Arizona, United States_
10. [United States militant nativist Shawna Forde of the Minutemen Civil Defense Corps is sentenced to death in Arizona for her role in the murders of Raul and Brisenia Flores. ](/news/2011/02/22/united-states-militant-nativist-shawna-forde-of-the-minutemen-civil-defense-corps-is-sentenced-to-death-in-arizona-for-her-role-in-the-murde.md) _Context: Arizona, United States_
