### [2015-09-16](/news/2015/09/16/index.md)

# The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit denies Kim Davis' request to have same-sex marriage licenses delayed, but does not toss out her appeal entirely. 




### Source:

1. [AP via MSN](http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/us/court-again-denies-kim-davis-bid-to-delay-marriage-licenses/ar-AAelMVC?ocid=iehp)

### Related:

1. [Flint water crisis. A Federal appeals court upholds the November 10 lower court order that Michigan must deliver bottled water or provide in-home filtration to all qualified residents affected by lead contamination in the city of Flint. ](/news/2016/12/16/flint-water-crisis-a-federal-appeals-court-upholds-the-november-10-lower-court-order-that-michigan-must-deliver-bottled-water-or-provide-in.md) _Context: Federal appeals court_
2. [The Vatican is replacing Italian Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano, the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S., with French-born Archbishop Christophe Pierre, currently the Apostolic Nuncio to Mexico. Vigano, who is 75, the statutory retirement age, in 2015 arranged the unexpected meeting between Pope Francis and controversial Kentucky clerk Kim Davis, who refused to follow her state's law on same-sex marriage. ](/news/2016/03/17/the-vatican-is-replacing-italian-archbishop-carlo-maria-vigana2-the-apostolic-nuncio-to-the-u-s-with-french-born-archbishop-christophe-pi.md) _Context: Kim Davis_
3. ["Miller v. Davis". Kim Davis, the county clerk of Rowan County in the U.S. state of Kentucky, is released from jail on contempt of court charges but she may not interfere with her deputy clerks issuing marriage certificates to same sex couples. ](/news/2015/09/8/miller-v-davis-kim-davis-the-county-clerk-of-rowan-county-in-the-u-s-state-of-kentucky-is-released-from-jail-on-contempt-of-court-cha.md) _Context: Kim Davis_
4. ["Miller v. Davis". Kim Davis, the Rowan County, Kentucky, clerk, is jailed for contempt of court for continuing to refuse, on grounds of religious freedom, to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples per U.S. District Judge David Bunning's August 12, 2015, order. The deputy clerks are ordered to issue these licenses. ](/news/2015/09/3/miller-v-davis-kim-davis-the-rowan-county-kentucky-clerk-is-jailed-for-contempt-of-court-for-continuing-to-refuse-on-grounds-of-rel.md) _Context: Kim Davis_
5. ["Miller v. Davis". In the U.S., Rowan County, Kentucky county clerk Kim Davis, involved in the litigation over same-sex marriage, states she will not block her deputies from issuing marriage licenses, but will not authorize them personally (her name will not appear on them, and they will state that they were given under a federal judicial order). ](/news/2015/09/14/miller-v-davis-in-the-u-s-rowan-county-kentucky-county-clerk-kim-davis-involved-in-the-litigation-over-same-sex-marriage-states-she.md) _Context: Kim Davis_
6. [The U.S. Southern District of Alabama strikes down the state ban on same-sex marriage in Alabama, saying it has violated equal protection and due process rights. Alabama becomes the thirty-seventh state where such marriage is legalized. ](/news/2015/01/23/the-u-s-southern-district-of-alabama-strikes-down-the-state-ban-on-same-sex-marriage-in-alabama-saying-it-has-violated-equal-protection-an.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
7. [The U.S. Supreme Court agrees to consolidate and hear four appellate rulings whether there is a constitutional right to same-sex marriage. It is currently allowed in Washington, D.C. and 36 states. Oral arguments will take place in April and a ruling may occur by June. ](/news/2015/01/16/the-u-s-supreme-court-agrees-to-consolidate-and-hear-four-appellate-rulings-whether-there-is-a-constitutional-right-to-same-sex-marriage-i.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
8. ["Schuette v. Coalition to Defend Affirmative Action". In a 6-2 ruling, the Supreme Court of the United States finds that a ban on affirmative action through a state constitutional amendment is permissible under the U.S. Constitution, overturning an appeals court ruling. ](/news/2014/04/22/schuette-v-coalition-to-defend-affirmative-action-in-a-6-2-ruling-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-finds-that-a-ban-on-affirmativ.md) _Context: Federal appeals court_
9. [The Federal government recognizes same-sex marriage in the United States in all legal matters as Eric Holder compares it to the Civil Rights Movement. ](/news/2014/02/9/the-federal-government-recognizes-same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-in-all-legal-matters-as-eric-holder-compares-it-to-the-civil-rights.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
10. [Hawaii becomes the 15th state in the United States to legalize same-sex marriage. ](/news/2013/11/12/hawaii-becomes-the-15th-state-in-the-united-states-to-legalize-same-sex-marriage.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
