### [2015-09-16](/news/2015/09/16/index.md)

# The remnants of former Tropical Storm Henri combines with another storm in western Europe to cause heavy rains and possible floods in the United Kingdom, France, Spain and Portugal. 

Once-Tropical Storm Henri will contribute to bring flooding rain and damaging winds to western Europe through Wednesday.


### Source:

1. [AccuWeather](http://www.accuweather.com/en/weather-news/henri-flooding-spain-france-uk/52322552)

### Related:

1. [Moody's Investors Service downgrades the credit ratings of several European Union members including Italy, Malta, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain and issues a negative outlook for the ratings of Austria, France and the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/02/13/moody-s-investors-service-downgrades-the-credit-ratings-of-several-european-union-members-including-italy-malta-portugal-slovakia-sloven.md) _Context: Britain, France, Portugal, Spain_
2. [Leaders from Germany, France and the United Kingdom hold an emergency meeting at the 2010 G-20 Seoul summit after panic selling of Irish debt spreads to Spain and Portugal. ](/news/2010/11/12/leaders-from-germany-france-and-the-united-kingdom-hold-an-emergency-meeting-at-the-2010-g-20-seoul-summit-after-panic-selling-of-irish-deb.md) _Context: Britain, France, Portugal, Spain_
3. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Britain, France, Spain_
4. [Bolivia summons the ambassadors of France, Spain and Portugal to explain why their countries blocked President Evo Morales' official jet "en route" to land on the Eurozone last week, amid orders to be searched if Edward Snowden was on board. ](/news/2013/07/8/bolivia-summons-the-ambassadors-of-france-spain-and-portugal-to-explain-why-their-countries-blocked-president-evo-morales-official-jet-en.md) _Context: France, Portugal, Spain_
5. [Bolivian president Evo Morales calls the Eurozone for a violation of international law and threatens to close down the U.S. embassy in Bolivia after the episode of having his official airplane being refused to land "en route" to Vienna, amid suspicions of having former NSA employee Edward Snowden on board. Ambassadors of France, Italy, Spain and Portugal are summoned to give full explanations.](/news/2013/07/5/bolivian-president-evo-morales-calls-the-eurozone-for-a-violation-of-international-law-and-threatens-to-close-down-the-u-s-embassy-in-boliv.md) _Context: France, Portugal, Spain_
6. [The Standard & Poor's credit rating agency lowers its long-term credit ratings on the eurozone countries of Cyprus, Italy, Portugal, and Spain by two notches each and Austria, France, Malta, Slovakia, and Slovenia by one notch each. ](/news/2012/01/13/the-standard-poor-s-credit-rating-agency-lowers-its-long-term-credit-ratings-on-the-eurozone-countries-of-cyprus-italy-portugal-and-spa.md) _Context: France, Portugal, Spain_
7. [Four European nations (the United Kingdom, France, Germany and Portugal) circulate a draft United Nations Security Council resolution condemning the Government of Syria for its recent crackdown on protesters. ](/news/2011/08/2/four-european-nations-the-united-kingdom-france-germany-and-portugal-circulate-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-condem.md) _Context: Britain, France, Portugal_
8. [A final funding deal for the Airbus A400M military transport aircraft has been agreed to by the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Belgium, Luxembourg, Spain and Turkey. ](/news/2010/11/5/a-final-funding-deal-for-the-airbus-a400m-military-transport-aircraft-has-been-agreed-to-by-the-united-kingdom-france-germany-belgium-lu.md) _Context: Britain, France, Spain_
9. [ Prime Minister of Italy Silvio Berlusconi launches legal action against French weekly "Nouvel Observateur", Spanish newspaper "El Pas", and Italian newspaper "La Repubblica", and has authorized his attorneys to prepare cases against British newspapers, charging the newspapers with libel. ](/news/2009/08/28/prime-minister-of-italy-silvio-berlusconi-launches-legal-action-against-french-weekly-nouvel-observateur-spanish-newspaper-el-pais-an.md) _Context: Britain, France, Spain_
10. [ The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown launches the International Health Partnership consisting of the World Health Organisation, the World Bank, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation as well as the governments of the United Kingdom, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway and Portugal. ](/news/2007/09/5/the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-gordon-brown-launches-the-international-health-partnership-consisting-of-the-world-health-organisa.md) _Context: Britain, France, Portugal_
