### [2012-04-29](/news/2012/04/29/index.md)

# Ana Maria Gomes, a Member of the European Parliament, is denied access to Bahrain. 

A European Union member ofparliament with a diplomatic passport said she was preventedfrom entering Bahrain on Sunday in an application of visa rulesimposed while the government grapples with a pro-democracymovement.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/04/29/bahrain-protests-airport-idUSL5E8FT19B20120429)

### Related:

1. [2017 Qatar crisis: Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/2017-qatar-crisis-qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt.md) _Context: Bahrain_
2. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognize.md) _Context: Bahrain_
3. [Censorship in Bahrain: Bahrain bans the independent "Al-Wasat" newspaper on grounds that it "sows division" in the Shia-majority kingdom. ](/news/2017/06/4/censorship-in-bahrain-bahrain-bans-the-independent-al-wasat-newspaper-on-grounds-that-it-sows-division-in-the-shia-majority-kingdom.md) _Context: Bahrain_
4. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab.md) _Context: Bahrain_
5. [Five people are killed in a raid on a house of a Shia cleric in Bahrain. ](/news/2017/05/24/five-people-are-killed-in-a-raid-on-a-house-of-a-shia-cleric-in-bahrain.md) _Context: Bahrain_
6. [Bahraini uprising (2011-present): Bahrain executes three people for their alleged involvement in a bombing that killed three police officers in 2014, the first executions in the country since 2010. ](/news/2017/01/15/bahraini-uprising-2011-present-bahrain-executes-three-people-for-their-alleged-involvement-in-a-bombing-that-killed-three-police-office.md) _Context: Bahrain_
7. [An altercation with a fellow UKIP MEP inside the European Parliament leaves UK Independence Party, Member of the European Parliament, and current UKIP party leadership favorite Steven Woolfe hospitalized. ](/news/2016/10/6/an-altercation-with-a-fellow-ukip-mep-inside-the-european-parliament-leaves-uk-independence-party-member-of-the-european-parliament-and-cu.md) _Context: Member of the European Parliament_
8. [Aftermath of Brexit: UK Independence Party leadership election, November 2016: Suzanne Evans, former UK Independence Party (UKIP) deputy chairman, and Paul Nuttall, President of the Initiative for Direct Democracy in Europe and Member of the European Parliament, each announce their candidacy for the UKIP leadership position, now held on interim basis by Nigel Farage. Other confirmed candidates are Bill Etheridge, Raheem Kassam, and Peter Whittle. ](/news/2016/10/23/aftermath-of-brexit-uk-independence-party-leadership-election-november-2016-suzanne-evans-former-uk-independence-party-ukip-deputy-cha.md) _Context: Member of the European Parliament_
9. [Bahrain-United States relations: The Obama administration urges Bahrain to free Nabeel Rajab, a human rights activist. ](/news/2016/09/7/bahrain-united-states-relations-the-obama-administration-urges-bahrain-to-free-nabeel-rajab-a-human-rights-activist.md) _Context: Bahrain_
10. [The Bahrain High Civil Court in Manama dissolves Al Wefaq, Bahrain's main Shia opposition group, accusing it of helping to foster violence and terrorism in the Sunni-led, Shia-majority island country. The Bahraini court previously issued a three-month suspension of the group last month. ](/news/2016/07/17/the-bahrain-high-civil-court-in-manama-dissolves-al-wefaq-bahrain-s-main-shia-opposition-group-accusing-it-of-helping-to-foster-violence-a.md) _Context: Bahrain_
