### [2010-01-31](/news/2010/01/31/index.md)

# Egypt become African Cup of Nations champions for a record third consecutive title after beating Ghana 1-0 in Estdio 11 de Novembro, Luanda, Angola, in the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations final. 




### Source:

1. [BBC Sport](http://news.bbc.co.uk/go/rss/-/sport2/hi/football/africa/8489708.stm)

### Related:

1. [Ten people are killed and 120 injured in a stampede in Luanda, Angola, as they tried to enter an overcrowded Estadio da Cidadela for a New Year's Eve vigil. ](/news/2013/01/1/ten-people-are-killed-and-120-injured-in-a-stampede-in-luanda-angola-as-they-tried-to-enter-an-overcrowded-esta-dio-da-cidadela-for-a-new.md) _Context: Angola, Luanda_
2. [Confederation of African Football (CAF) president Issa Hayatou asks his executive committee to lift sanctions imposed on the Togo national football team following an attack on their team bus ahead of the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations in Angola. ](/news/2010/05/7/confederation-of-african-football-caf-president-issa-hayatou-asks-his-executive-committee-to-lift-sanctions-imposed-on-the-togo-national-f.md) _Context: 2010 Africa Cup of Nations, Angola_
3. [The ban given following the Togo national football team attack ahead of the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations in Angola is lifted with immediate effect as confirmed by the Confederation of African Football (CAF) at a meeting in Cairo. ](/news/2010/05/14/the-ban-given-following-the-togo-national-football-team-attack-ahead-of-the-2010-africa-cup-of-nations-in-angola-is-lifted-with-immediate-ef.md) _Context: 2010 Africa Cup of Nations, Angola_
4. [Manchester City and Togo striker Emmanuel Adebayor announces his retirement from international football at the age of 26, saying he is "still haunted" by the Togo national football team attack which killed three of his colleagues in Angola ahead of the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations three months ago. ](/news/2010/04/12/manchester-city-and-togo-striker-emmanuel-adebayor-announces-his-retirement-from-international-football-at-the-age-of-26-saying-he-is-stil.md) _Context: 2010 Africa Cup of Nations, Angola_
5. [Goalkeeper Kodjovi Obilale, shot in the Togo national football team attack prior to the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations in Angola, is to return to France after emergency surgery in Johannesburg. ](/news/2010/03/1/goalkeeper-kodjovi-obilala-c-shot-in-the-togo-national-football-team-attack-prior-to-the-2010-africa-cup-of-nations-in-angola-is-to-return.md) _Context: 2010 Africa Cup of Nations, Angola_
6. [The Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) rejects the appeal for the inclusion of the Togo national football team in the draw for the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations which resulted from their ban due to the Togo national football team attack prior to the 2010 tournament in Angola. It also says that a new draw will be required if they rule in favor of Togo in upcoming proceedings. ](/news/2010/02/18/the-court-of-arbitration-for-sport-cas-rejects-the-appeal-for-the-inclusion-of-the-togo-national-football-team-in-the-draw-for-the-2012-af.md) _Context: 2010 Africa Cup of Nations, Angola_
7. [One person is killed and several are injured after gunmen open fire on a bus carrying the Togo national football team to the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations in Angola. ](/news/2010/01/8/one-person-is-killed-and-several-are-injured-after-gunmen-open-fire-on-a-bus-carrying-the-togo-national-football-team-to-the-2010-africa-cup.md) _Context: 2010 Africa Cup of Nations, Angola_
8. [The Togo national football team is banned for two tournaments and fined $50,000 for withdrawing from the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations after the fatal attack on their team bus in Angola. The Government of Angola and Confederation of African Football are both to be sued by the families of the dead. ](/news/2010/01/30/the-togo-national-football-team-is-banned-for-two-tournaments-and-fined-50-000-for-withdrawing-from-the-2010-africa-cup-of-nations-after-th.md) _Context: 2010 Africa Cup of Nations, Angola_
9. [Three players are dismissed during the semi-final football match between rivals Algeria and Egypt in the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations, months following their previous meeting which led to international violence and diplomatic skirmishes. ](/news/2010/01/28/three-players-are-dismissed-during-the-semi-final-football-match-between-rivals-algeria-and-egypt-in-the-2010-africa-cup-of-nations-months.md) _Context: 2010 Africa Cup of Nations, Egypt_
10. [Ghana eliminate the hosts of the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations Angola following accusations of "intimidatory" tactics carried out by the country's security forces. ](/news/2010/01/24/ghana-eliminate-the-hosts-of-the-2010-africa-cup-of-nations-angola-following-accusations-of-intimidatory-tactics-carried-out-by-the-countr.md) _Context: 2010 Africa Cup of Nations, Ghana national football team_
