### [2009-10-21](/news/2009/10/21/index.md)

#  Former President of South Africa Nelson Mandela denies writing a foreword praising Republic of the Congo President Denis Sassou Nguesso's biography, "Straight Speaking for Africa". 




### Source:

1. [IOL](http://www.iol.co.za/index.php?set_id=1&click_id=13&art_id=vn20091021040225801C515304)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2009/oct/21/nelson-mandela-book-foreword-row)

### Related:

1. [Republic of the Congo presidential election, 2016. Current President of the Republic of the Congo Denis Sassou Nguesso is reelected with 60 percent of the vote amid tight security and a communications blackout. Opposition leaders say that they will not accept the outcome. ](/news/2016/03/24/republic-of-the-congo-presidential-election-2016-current-president-of-the-republic-of-the-congo-denis-sassou-nguesso-is-reelected-with-60.md) _Context: Denis Sassou Nguesso, President, Republic of the Congo_
2. [Republic of the Congo presidential election, 2016. Voters in the Republic of the Congo go to the polls with current President Denis Sassou Nguesso expected to extend his 32-year rule. Telephone, internet and SMS services have been shut down in what has been called a "media blackout." ](/news/2016/03/20/republic-of-the-congo-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-republic-of-the-congo-go-to-the-polls-with-current-president-denis-sassou-n.md) _Context: Denis Sassou Nguesso, President, Republic of the Congo_
3. [Former South African President and anti-apartheid leader Nelson Mandela, aged 94, is hospitalized; officials say it is only for a routine checkup. ](/news/2013/03/9/former-south-african-president-and-anti-apartheid-leader-nelson-mandela-aged-94-is-hospitalized-officials-say-it-is-only-for-a-routine-ch.md) _Context: Nelson Mandela, President, South Africa_
4. [Former President of South Africa Nelson Mandela is hospitalised with a lung infection. ](/news/2013/03/28/former-president-of-south-africa-nelson-mandela-is-hospitalised-with-a-lung-infection.md) _Context: Nelson Mandela, President, South Africa_
5. [Former President of South Africa Nelson Mandela is released from the hospital after "successful" medical tests. ](/news/2013/03/10/former-president-of-south-africa-nelson-mandela-is-released-from-the-hospital-after-successful-medical-tests.md) _Context: Nelson Mandela, President, South Africa_
6. [Former South African President and anti-apartheid leader Nelson Mandela, 94, in still-fragile health, is released from the hospital in Pretoria, South Africa to receive continuing at-home care. He had had his longest period of hospitalization (more than 2 weeks) there since his 1990 release from prison, as the result of a gallstone removal operation and a lung infection. ](/news/2012/12/26/former-south-african-president-and-anti-apartheid-leader-nelson-mandela-94-in-still-fragile-health-is-released-from-the-hospital-in-preto.md) _Context: Nelson Mandela, President, South Africa_
7. [ Republic of the Congo's re-elected President Denis Sassou Nguesso names his new government, abolishing the controversial post of Prime Minister and replacing the nation's oil minister. ](/news/2009/09/15/republic-of-the-congo-s-re-elected-president-denis-sassou-nguesso-names-his-new-government-abolishing-the-controversial-post-of-prime-mini.md) _Context: Denis Sassou Nguesso, President, Republic of the Congo_
8. [ Former South African President Nelson Mandela breaks a strong taboo when he announces that the death at age 54 of his sole surviving son, Makgatho Mandela, was caused by AIDS, which kills about 600 people daily in South Africa. His action is viewed as being critical of his successor, Thabo Mbeki, who has denied a link between HIV and AIDS. ](/news/2005/01/6/former-south-african-president-nelson-mandela-breaks-a-strong-taboo-when-he-announces-that-the-death-at-age-54-of-his-sole-surviving-son-m.md) _Context: Nelson Mandela, President, South Africa_
9. [The South African Parliament debates a minority motion to impeach President Jacob Zuma following last week's Constitutional Court judgment that Zuma had violated the constitution in a spending scandal involving the president's private home. The African National Congress has a 249 - 151 majority, making this motion's chance of gaining a two-thirds majority unlikely. ](/news/2016/04/5/the-south-african-parliament-debates-a-minority-motion-to-impeach-president-jacob-zuma-following-last-week-s-constitutional-court-judgment-t.md) _Context: President, South Africa_
10. [Republic of the Congo presidential election, 2016. Fighting erupts between unknown assailants and police in the southern part of Brazzaville, capital of the Republic of the Congo, after a disputed Presidential election that brought Denis Sassou Nguesso back to power for a third term. The reason for the clashes is not immediately clear but they have taken place in districts where support for the opposition is strong. The government blames the violence on the Ninjas, a militant group active during the Second Republic of the Congo Civil War. ](/news/2016/04/4/republic-of-the-congo-presidential-election-2016-fighting-erupts-between-unknown-assailants-and-police-in-the-southern-part-of-brazzaville.md) _Context: Denis Sassou Nguesso, Republic of the Congo_
