### [2014-10-31](/news/2014/10/31/index.md)

# Ebola virus disease in the United States. A Maine judge imposes limited restrictions, but rejects state officials' bid to quarantine nurse Kaci Hickox, who returned to the United States last week after treating Ebola patients in Sierra Leone. 

Maine health officials have asked a court to limit the movements of nurse Kaci Hickox, who defied a voluntary quarantine for medical workers who have treated Ebola patients.


### Source:

1. [Boston Globe](http://www.bostonglobe.com/metro/2014/10/31/maine-asking-court-limit-movements-nurse-kaci-hickox/9tGSogqyPYlu3Vq7WjG84L/story.html)

### Related:

1. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. Sierra Leone imposes quarantine on hundreds of people following a recent death from the Ebola virus. ](/news/2016/01/17/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-sierra-leone-imposes-quarantine-on-hundreds-of-people-following-a-recent-death-from-the-ebola-virus.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Sierra Leone, quarantine_
2. [Ebola virus disease in the United States. The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention announces that there will be a 21-day monitoring period for all travelers from Liberia, Sierra Leone and Guinea. ](/news/2014/10/22/ebola-virus-disease-in-the-united-states-the-united-states-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-announces-that-there-will-be-a-21-day.md) _Context: Ebola virus disease in the United States, Sierra Leone, United States_
3. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. The World Health Organisation confirms a second new case of Ebola virus in Sierra Leone. ](/news/2016/01/21/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-the-world-health-organisation-confirms-a-second-new-case-of-ebola-virus-in-sierra-leone.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Sierra Leone_
4. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. Ebola virus cases in the United States. United States authorities announce mandatory Ebola screening will end for travelers from Liberia to five U.S. airports, effective September 21, 2015. Screening of travelers from Sierra Leone and Guinea will continue. ](/news/2015/09/18/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-ebola-virus-cases-in-the-united-states-united-states-authorities-announce-mandatory-ebola-screening-wi.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Sierra Leone_
5. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. Two new cases of ebola virus disease are reported from Sierra Leone-s capital city of Freetown about three weeks after the most recent new cases were found.](/news/2015/06/22/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-two-new-cases-of-ebola-virus-disease-are-reported-from-sierra-leone-s-capital-city-of-freetown-about.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Sierra Leone_
6. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. Sierra Leone quarantines 700 homes in the Aberdeen district of Freetown following the death of a fisherman. ](/news/2015/02/13/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-sierra-leone-quarantines-700-homes-in-the-aberdeen-district-of-freetown-following-the-death-of-a-fisher.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Sierra Leone_
7. [Ebola outbreak:. Glasgow's Gartnavel Hospital diagnoses a woman, who arrived from Sierra Leone, as the first case of Ebola in the UK. ](/news/2014/12/29/ebola-outbreak-glasgow-s-gartnavel-hospital-diagnoses-a-woman-who-arrived-from-sierra-leone-as-the-first-case-of-ebola-in-the-uk.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Sierra Leone_
8. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. Sierra Leone quarantines the Tonkolili district with more than half the country under lockdown and the official death toll in the country reaching 1,530 and roughly 7,109 infected. ](/news/2014/12/2/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-sierra-leone-quarantines-the-tonkolili-district-with-more-than-half-the-country-under-lockdown-and-the.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Sierra Leone_
9. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. The World Health Organization reports that the death toll in the three worst affected countries in West Africa - Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone - has passed 5,000. ](/news/2014/11/13/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-the-world-health-organization-reports-that-the-death-toll-in-the-three-worst-affected-countries-in-west.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Sierra Leone_
10. [Ebola virus disease in the United States. The first person who was diagnosed with ebola in the United States, Thomas Eric Duncan, a Liberian man, dies in Dallas, Texas. ](/news/2014/10/8/ebola-virus-disease-in-the-united-states-the-first-person-who-was-diagnosed-with-ebola-in-the-united-states-thomas-eric-duncan-a-liberian.md) _Context: Ebola virus disease in the United States, United States_
