### [2012-06-7](/news/2012/06/7/index.md)

# UK government ministers announce their intention to boycott group games involving the England national football team at UEFA Euro 2012 in Ukraine. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-18351326)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2012/jun/07/euro-2012-boycott-ukraine-uk-government)

### Related:

1. [UEFA Euro 2012:Police launch an investigation into allegations of online racist abuse during England's quarter-final exit on penalties after their latest defeat on Sunday. ](/news/2012/06/25/uefa-euro-2012-ppolice-launch-an-investigation-into-allegations-of-online-racist-abuse-during-england-s-quarter-final-exit-on-penalties-afte.md) _Context: England national football team, UEFA Euro 2012_
2. [UEFA Euro 2012:England lose by a penalty shoot-out, with former West Ham player Alessandro Diamanti converting from the spot at the Olimpiyskiy National Sports Complex in Kiev to take Italy through to the semi-final against Germany.  ](/news/2012/06/24/uefa-euro-2012-pengland-lose-by-a-penalty-shoot-out-with-former-west-ham-player-alessandro-diamanti-converting-from-the-spot-at-the-olimpiy.md) _Context: England national football team, UEFA Euro 2012_
3. [UEFA Euro 2012:UEFA Euro 2012's off-day is dominated by the fall-out of yesterday's ghost goal scored by Ukraine against England, with John Terry hooking the ball from behind the goal line after a shot by Marko Devic under the eyes of the additional assistant beside the goal. ](/news/2012/06/20/uefa-euro-2012-puefa-euro-2012-s-off-day-is-dominated-by-the-fall-out-of-yesterday-s-ghost-goal-scored-by-ukraine-against-england-with-john.md) _Context: England national football team, UEFA Euro 2012_
4. [UEFA Euro 2012:The debate surrounding goal-line technology resurfaces as co-hosts Ukraine are denied an apparent goal in controversial circumstances against England, with John Terry hooking the ball from behind the goal line after a shot by Marko Devic under the eyes of the fifth official beside the goal. Wayne Rooney's header in the second half carries England through at the Donbass Arena in Donetsk. ](/news/2012/06/19/uefa-euro-2012-pthe-debate-surrounding-goal-line-technology-resurfaces-as-co-hosts-ukraine-are-denied-an-apparent-goal-in-controversial-circ.md) _Context: England national football team, UEFA Euro 2012_
5. [A series of explosions on a military base near the Ukrainian city of Balakliya forces thousands to be evacuated from their homes. ](/news/2017/03/23/a-series-of-explosions-on-a-military-base-near-the-ukrainian-city-of-balakliya-forces-thousands-to-be-evacuated-from-their-homes.md) _Context: Ukrainian_
6. [A former Ukrainian soldier assassinates former Russian Duma deputy Denis Voronenkov in the Ukrainian capital Kiev. In December 2016, he received Ukrainian citizenship. Ilya Ponomarev says Voronenkov was heading to a meeting with him. ](/news/2017/03/23/a-former-ukrainian-soldier-assassinates-former-russian-duma-deputy-denis-voronenkov-in-the-ukrainian-capital-kiev-in-december-2016-he-rece.md) _Context: Ukrainian_
7. [A methane gas explosion occurs at a coal mine in Lviv Oblast, Ukraine, killing at least eight miners, with another 20 unaccounted for. ](/news/2017/03/2/a-methane-gas-explosion-occurs-at-a-coal-mine-in-lviv-oblast-ukraine-killing-at-least-eight-miners-with-another-20-unaccounted-for.md) _Context: Ukrainian_
8. [A rebel commander is killed by a bomb in eastern Ukraine while three Ukrainian Army soldiers are killed in fighting. At least 33 people have been killed in fighting over the past week. ](/news/2017/02/4/a-rebel-commander-is-killed-by-a-bomb-in-eastern-ukraine-while-three-ukrainian-army-soldiers-are-killed-in-fighting-at-least-33-people-have.md) _Context: Ukrainian_
9. [An Austrian court grants a United States request to extradite Ukrainian businessman Dmytro Firtash. U.S. officials accuse Firtash of being involved in a scandal where he allegedly paid US$18.5 million in bribes for a permit to mine titanium in India, something Firtash denies. ](/news/2017/02/21/an-austrian-court-grants-a-united-states-request-to-extradite-ukrainian-businessman-dmytro-firtash-u-s-officials-accuse-firtash-of-being-i.md) _Context: Ukrainian_
10. [At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that   civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized.  Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol-takes-effect-m.md) _Context: Ukrainian_
