### [2008-05-20](/news/2008/05/20/index.md)

#  A 24-hour strike by employees of the National Railway Company of Belgium ends rail services in Belgium and to France, Germany and the Netherlands. 




### Source:

1. [AFP](http://www.afp.com/english/news/stories/newsmlmmd.0a83c1799dbe5334f967d44ea8ff4e18.231.html)

### Related:

1. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-b.md) _Context: Belgium, France, Germany_
2. [Erasmus bus crash: Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/erasmus-bus-crash-thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-fall.md) _Context: Belgium, France, Germany_
3. [A final funding deal for the Airbus A400M military transport aircraft has been agreed to by the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Belgium, Luxembourg, Spain and Turkey. ](/news/2010/11/5/a-final-funding-deal-for-the-airbus-a400m-military-transport-aircraft-has-been-agreed-to-by-the-united-kingdom-france-germany-belgium-lu.md) _Context: Belgium, France, Germany_
4. [Contributions from Belgium, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland allow the World Bank to cancel $36 million in Haiti's remaining debt following January's devastating earthquake. ](/news/2010/05/28/contributions-from-belgium-canada-finland-france-germany-ireland-italy-japan-the-netherlands-norway-spain-sweden-and-switzerland.md) _Context: Belgium, France, Germany_
5. [Services from the UK, France, Germany and the Netherlands remain disrupted as investigations continue into the Halle train collision in Belgium.](/news/2010/02/17/services-from-the-uk-france-germany-and-the-netherlands-remain-disrupted-as-investigations-continue-into-the-halle-train-collision-in-belg.md) _Context: Belgium, France, Germany_
6. ["'Winter of 2009-2010 in Europe"': More than 160 people are trapped in vehicles overnight in Germany, dozens of flights are cancelled, Berlin and Leipzig are buried under 30cm of snow, parts of Schleswig-Holstein remain unreachable. The electricity of 80,000 people is cut off by snow in Poland. Eurostar services are affected in Belgium, Britain and France. ](/news/2010/01/10/winter-of-2009-2010-in-europe-more-than-160-people-are-trapped-in-vehicles-overnight-in-germany-dozens-of-flights-are-cancelled-ber.md) _Context: Belgium, France, Germany_
7. [ The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown launches the International Health Partnership consisting of the World Health Organisation, the World Bank, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation as well as the governments of the United Kingdom, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway and Portugal. ](/news/2007/09/5/the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-gordon-brown-launches-the-international-health-partnership-consisting-of-the-world-health-organisa.md) _Context: Dutch, France, Germany_
8. [ Airbus workers in Germany, France and Spain hold protest meetings and strikes in response to plans to cut 10,000 jobs and close six plants. ](/news/2007/03/16/airbus-workers-in-germany-france-and-spain-hold-protest-meetings-and-strikes-in-response-to-plans-to-cut-10-000-jobs-and-close-six-plants.md) _Context: France, Germany, strike_
9. [ Hurricane force winds claim at least 40 lives in Western Europe including 10 lives in Britain and 11 in Germany, and other victims in The Netherlands (6), Poland (6), Czech Republic (3) and France (3). ](/news/2007/01/19/hurricane-force-winds-claim-at-least-40-lives-in-western-europe-including-10-lives-in-britain-and-11-in-germany-and-other-victims-in-the-n.md) _Context: Dutch, France, Germany_
10. [2016 European floods: The flood waters for the Seine River are expected to peak at six metres above its normal level. Flooding in France and Germany has so far claimed at least 11 lives. ](/news/2016/06/3/2016-european-floods-the-flood-waters-for-the-seine-river-are-expected-to-peak-at-six-metres-above-its-normal-level-flooding-in-france-and.md) _Context: France, Germany_
