### [2008-05-20](/news/2008/05/20/index.md)

#  Ten thousand Iraqi troops enter Sadr City in Baghdad to seize control from Shiite militants. 




### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2008/05/20/politics/animal/main4110753.shtml)
1. [Cover Image](http://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/2014/03/05/6732c520-3370-400f-900a-273f656490d4/whats-in-the-news-coverart-1400x1400.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ Baghdad office of Shiite leader Moqtada al-Sadr is surrounded by U.S. tanks and troops amid efforts to arrest the Iraqi cleric. Some 500 armed Sadr militia burn tires, forming roadblocks and promising jihad near the office. Snipers have also been placed in homes in the neighborhood in the Baghdad slum of Sadr City. ](/news/2004/04/7/baghdad-office-of-shiite-leader-moqtada-al-sadr-is-surrounded-by-u-s-tanks-and-troops-amid-efforts-to-arrest-the-iraqi-cleric-some-500-ar.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Sadr City, Shiite_
2. [  At least 69 people are killed and 230 injured in a series of bomb attacks targeting Shiite neighborhoods in Baghdad, Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and Syria claims responsibility for some of the attacks. ](/news/2016/05/17/at-least-69-people-are-killed-and-230-injured-in-a-series-of-bomb-attacks-targeting-shiite-neighborhoods-in-baghdad-iraq-islamic-state-o.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Shiite_
3. [ Iraqi officials declare a state of emergency for all of Baghdad after protesters loyal to popular Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr stormed into Iraq's parliament in the Green Zone. ](/news/2016/04/30/iraqi-officials-declare-a-state-of-emergency-for-all-of-baghdad-after-protesters-loyal-to-popular-shiite-cleric-muqtada-al-sadr-stormed-int.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Shiite_
4. [At least 16 people are killed by twin bomb blasts in the Sadr City neighbourhood of Baghdad, the capital of Iraq. ](/news/2011/10/13/at-least-16-people-are-killed-by-twin-bomb-blasts-in-the-sadr-city-neighbourhood-of-baghdad-the-capital-of-iraq.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Sadr City_
5. [In Baghdad, Iraq multiple suicide bombings go off during mid-day rush hour, killing 4 and injuring about 16, another strike at 7:15am hits a mini-bus heading from Sadr City into downtown Baghdad, killing 3 including a police officer, and 9 others are wounded. Also, three other bombs go off simultaneously in a business district killing 1 and injuring 7. ](/news/2010/08/15/in-baghdad-iraq-multiple-suicide-bombings-go-off-during-mid-day-rush-hour-killing-4-and-injuring-about-16-another-strike-at-7-15am-hits-a.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Sadr City_
6. [ Eleven people are killed and 20 wounded in clashes between Iraqi militias and the United States Army in the Sadr City district of Baghdad. ](/news/2008/05/13/eleven-people-are-killed-and-20-wounded-in-clashes-between-iraqi-militias-and-the-united-states-army-in-the-sadr-city-district-of-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Sadr City_
7. [ A car bomb attack on a fuel station in the Sadr City district of Baghdad, Iraq, kills at least 26 people. Many others are injured. ](/news/2006/09/23/a-car-bomb-attack-on-a-fuel-station-in-the-sadr-city-district-of-baghdad-iraq-kills-at-least-26-people-many-others-are-injured.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Sadr City_
8. [ In the centre and south of the country, Shiites waved Iraqi flags and chanted "Death to America! Death to Israel!" as they boarded convoys of buses bound for Baghdad's Sadr City. These and other Shiite protesters were summoned to the capital by cleric Moqtada al-Sadr to protest against Israel's attacks on Lebanon. The protest is timed to begin after Friday prayers. ](/news/2006/08/3/in-the-centre-and-south-of-the-country-shiites-waved-iraqi-flags-and-chanted-death-to-america-death-to-israel-as-they-boarded-convoys.md) _Context: Baghdad, Sadr City, Shiite_
9. [ Iraqi security minister Abd al Karim al Enzi accuses American soldiers accompanied by Iraqi troops to have raided the Mustafa Shiite mosque in eastern Baghdad and executed 37 unarmed people who had been tied up. ](/news/2006/03/27/iraqi-security-minister-abd-al-karim-al-enzi-accuses-american-soldiers-accompanied-by-iraqi-troops-to-have-raided-the-mustafa-shiite-mosque.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Shiite_
10. [ Fereidoun Jahani, an Iranian diplomat who was kidnapped in Iraq in early August, is freed; he was held by a militant group that also claims to be holding two French journalists, Christian Chesnot and Georges Malbrunot. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3694236.stm (BBC)] [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6342133 (Reuters)] The U.S. military carries out air strikes on several suspected militant positions in the Baghdad suburb of Sadr City, killing at least five people and wounding 46, according to a local hospital official. The U.S. military disputes that total. [http://www.boston.com/dailynews/271/world/Insurgents_press_offensive_to_:.shtml (AP)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3692624.stm (BBC)] Two separate car bombs kill at least seven Iraqi national guardsmen in Mosul and Fallujah, while mortars are fired at a police academy in Baghdad, with no reported casualties. (AP: [http://www.boston.com/dailynews/271/world/Car_bomb_kills_four_Iraq_Natio:.shtml 1], [http://www.boston.com/dailynews/271/world/Insurgents_press_offensive_to_:.shtml 2])](/news/2004/09/27/fereidoun-jahani-an-iranian-diplomat-who-was-kidnapped-in-iraq-in-early-august-is-freed-he-was-held-by-a-militant-group-that-also-claims.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Sadr City_
