### [2012-12-31](/news/2012/12/31/index.md)

# United States "fiscal cliff" debate:The White House reaches an agreement with congressional Republicans on a "fiscal cliff" deal. 

The US formally misses a deadline to avert spending cuts and tax rises - the &quot;fiscal cliff&quot; - despite a tentative last-ditch deal in the Senate.


### Source:

1. [Associated Press](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/U/US_FISCAL_CLIFF?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT&CTIME=2012-12-31-21-19-41)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-20879174)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/12/31/us-usa-fiscal-idUSBRE8A80WV20121231)

### Related:

1. [Voters in the U.S. state of Wisconsin go to the polls for a primary election with Ted Cruz winning the Republican Party contest and Bernie Sanders winning the Democratic Party primary. ](/news/2016/04/5/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-wisconsin-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-ted-cruz-winning-the-republican-party-contest-and-bernie-s.md) _Context: R, U.S._
2. [The Republican Speaker of the House Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell distance the party from presidential candidate Donald Trump's recent comments calling for a ban on Muslims entering the United States.  While not entering into a political fray - in view of U.S. partnerships with Muslim nations and Muslim personnel serving in the United States Armed Forces - the Pentagon press secretary calls anti-Muslim rhetoric a national security threat. ](/news/2015/12/9/the-republican-speaker-of-the-house-paul-ryan-and-senate-majority-leader-mitch-mcconnell-distance-the-party-from-presidential-candidate-dona.md) _Context: R, U.S._
3. [Russian President Vladimir Putin calls U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, "a very colorful person. Talented, without any doubt" as well as an "absolute leader" in the race for the presidency. ](/news/2015/12/17/russian-president-vladimir-putin-calls-u-s-republican-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-a-very-colorful-person-talented-without-any-d.md) _Context: R, U.S._
4. [A newly released ISIS video threatens attacks on the White House in the U.S., monuments in France, U.S. President Obama, French President Francois Hollande, and targets in Italy. ](/news/2015/11/20/a-newly-released-isis-video-threatens-attacks-on-the-white-house-in-the-u-s-monuments-in-france-u-s-president-obama-french-president-fr.md) _Context: U.S., White House_
5. [More than half of the state governors in the United States reject accepting asylum seekers from Syria after the attacks in Paris. All except one of them are Republicans. ](/news/2015/11/17/more-than-half-of-the-state-governors-in-the-united-states-reject-accepting-asylum-seekers-from-syria-after-the-attacks-in-paris-all-except.md) _Context: R, U.S._
6. [The Obama Administration, through its appointment of a majority of board members on the Democratic-controlled U.S. National Labor Relations Board's 3&ndash;2 ruling in the Browning-Ferris case uses an expanded definition of joint employer when determining if a parent company shares responsibility for workers hired by a subcontractor or franchisee. The Republican-controlled US Congress responded to arguments from businesses such as the International Franchise Association by adding another NLRB-related rider to the budget to block implementation of this latest ruling. Browning-Ferris  can appeal the decision to a federal appeals court. The ruling could affect current unionization and pay efforts at McDonald's franchises. ](/news/2015/08/27/the-obama-administration-through-its-appointment-of-a-majority-of-board-members-on-the-democratic-controlled-u-s-national-labor-relations.md) _Context: R, U.S._
7. [United States federal government shutdown of 2013:U.S. President Barack Obama, the White House Office of Management and Budget, issues a partial shutdown of government agencies after the House and Senate fail to come to an agreement on a spending bill to keep government operations running. ](/news/2013/10/1/united-states-federal-government-shutdown-of-2013-pu-s-president-barack-obama-the-white-house-office-of-management-and-budget-issues-a-pa.md) _Context: U.S., White House_
8. [The President of Myanmar Thein Sein visits the White House as part of his visit to the United States, the first by a Burmese head of state in 47 years. ](/news/2013/05/20/the-president-of-myanmar-thein-sein-visits-the-white-house-as-part-of-his-visit-to-the-united-states-the-first-by-a-burmese-head-of-state-i.md) _Context: U.S., White House_
9. [The White House reports that the United States may have to use military action against Syria. ](/news/2013/04/26/the-white-house-reports-that-the-united-states-may-have-to-use-military-action-against-syria.md) _Context: U.S., White House_
10. [Shinzo Abe, the Prime Minister of Japan, meets with the President of the United States Barack Obama at the White House to discuss trade, economic, and security issues including North Korea and the Senkaku Islands dispute with China. ](/news/2013/02/22/shinzo-abe-the-prime-minister-of-japan-meets-with-the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-at-the-white-house-to-discuss-trade-eco.md) _Context: U.S., White House_
