### [2004-11-15](/news/2004/11/15/index.md)

#  China and the United Nations: The President of the Republic of China Chen Shui-bian declares he will push to get the ROC included in the United Nations under the name "Taiwan". The People's Republic of China condemns the move as a political trick to create an independent Taiwan. 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [ABC US](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory?id=252792)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6811416)
3. [Yahoo](http://asia.news.yahoo.com/041115/afp/041115070644asiapacificnews.html)
3. [Cover Image](https://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [ Foreign Minister of People's Republic of China Li Zhaoxing criticises President of the Republic of China Chen Shui-bian for making calls for Taiwan independence. ](/news/2007/03/6/foreign-minister-of-people-s-republic-of-china-li-zhaoxing-criticises-president-of-the-republic-of-china-chen-shui-bian-for-making-calls-fo.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, independence_
2. [ Four state-owned enterprises of the Republic of China (Taiwan)--Chunghwa Post, the Chinese Petroleum Corporation, the China Shipbuilding Corporation, and the Central Bank of China--change their names to remove "China" from their titles at the request of President Chen Shui-bian. The decision is condemned by the Pan-Blue Coalition, the United States and People's Republic of China as a move towards Taiwan independence. ](/news/2007/02/12/four-state-owned-enterprises-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-achunghwa-post-the-chinese-petroleum-corporation-the-china-shipbuilding-c.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, independence_
3. [ The People's Republic of China rejects an offer by Taiwanese President Chen Shui-bian to begin a peace dialogue, deriding the offer as "meaningless", and accusing Chen of making "an open and audacious expression of Taiwan independence" by explicitly stating that the "Republic of China is Taiwan and Taiwan is the Republic of China". ](/news/2004/10/13/the-people-s-republic-of-china-rejects-an-offer-by-taiwanese-president-chen-shui-bian-to-begin-a-peace-dialogue-deriding-the-offer-as-mea.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, independence_
4. [ President Chen Shui-bian says that the hundreds of missiles the People's Republic of China has aimed at Taiwan justifies holding a referendum on independence. The referendum bill recently passed by the Legislative Yuan only allows votes on sovereignty if the country is attacked by a foreign power. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/3252246.stm]](/news/2003/12/1/president-chen-shui-bian-says-that-the-hundreds-of-missiles-the-people-s-republic-of-china-has-aimed-at-taiwan-justifies-holding-a-referend.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, independence_
5. [ The People's Republic of China expresses firm opposition to US restrictions on imports of textiles (from mainland China) and vows to take the dispute to the WTO. Abandoning tolerance toward Taiwan for the first time since 2000, the PRC threatens to use force and, ultimately, conduct war against Taiwan if it pursues independence. The PRC's state press condemns Taiwanese President Chen Shui-bian's move toward holding a referendum on "independence" and providing the legislative framework for declaring a Republic of Taiwan.](/news/2003/11/19/the-people-s-republic-of-china-expresses-firm-opposition-to-us-restrictions-on-imports-of-textiles-from-mainland-china-and-vows-to-take-t.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, independence_
6. [Tsai Ing-wen of the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) is elected the first female President of Taiwan. Eric Chu, the ruling Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party) candidate concedes defeat and announced his resignation as party leader. Ms. Tsai vowed to preserve the status quo in relations with China. The DPP supports independence for the island. ](/news/2016/01/16/tsai-ing-wen-of-the-democratic-progressive-party-dpp-is-elected-the-first-female-president-of-taiwan-eric-chu-the-ruling-kuomintang-chi.md) _Context: President, independence_
7. [Former president of Taiwan Chen Shui-bian's life sentence is cut to twenty years in prison. ](/news/2010/06/10/former-president-of-taiwan-chen-shui-bian-s-life-sentence-is-cut-to-twenty-years-in-prison.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President_
8. [ A judge in Taipei, Taiwan, rules that the former President Chen Shui-bian, should be held in jail while prosecutors seek his conviction on charges of money laundering and corruption. ](/news/2008/11/12/a-judge-in-taipei-taiwan-rules-that-the-former-president-chen-shui-bian-should-be-held-in-jail-while-prosecutors-seek-his-conviction-on.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President_
9. [ Taiwan's Premier Chang Chun-hsiung remains in office as President Chen Shui-bian rejects his resignation. ](/news/2008/01/27/taiwan-s-premier-chang-chun-hsiung-remains-in-office-as-president-chen-shui-bian-rejects-his-resignation.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President_
10. [ The President of the Republic of China Chen Shui-bian names Chang Chun-hsiung of the Democratic Progressive Party as the new Premier of the Republic of China. ](/news/2007/05/14/the-president-of-the-republic-of-china-chen-shui-bian-names-chang-chun-hsiung-of-the-democratic-progressive-party-as-the-new-premier-of-the.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President_
