### [2004-11-15](/news/2004/11/15/index.md)

#  U.S. President George W. Bush accepts the resignation of Secretary of State Colin Powell. He is the sixth Cabinet member to resign since the re-election of President Bush. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/ALLPOLITICS/11/15/powell/index.html (CNN)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/4013621.stm (BBC)]. Other resignations today include Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=politicsNews&storyID=6816327 (Reuters)], Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=politicsNews&storyID=6815887 (Reuters)] and Education Secretary Rod Paige.




### Related:

1. [U.S. President George W. Bush nominates Nebraska Governor Mike Johanns to become the next Secretary of Agriculture. If confirmed by the Senate, Johanns would fill the Cabinet position currently held by resigning Secretary Ann Veneman. ](/news/2004/12/2/u-s-president-george-w-bush-nominates-nebraska-governor-mike-johanns-to-become-the-next-secretary-of-agriculture-if-confirmed-by-the-sena.md) _Context: Ann Veneman, George W. Bush, U.S. President, United States Secretary of Agriculture_
2. [ Retired General and former Secretary of State Colin Powell endorses Barack Obama for President of the United States. ](/news/2008/10/19/retired-general-and-former-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-endorses-barack-obama-for-president-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: Colin Powell, U.S. President, United States Secretary of State_
3. [ United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice says the White House wants to broker a permanent deal between Israel and the Palestinian Authority before President George W. Bush leaves office. ](/news/2007/11/21/united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-says-the-white-house-wants-to-broker-a-permanent-deal-between-israel-and-the-palestinian.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. President, United States Secretary of State_
4. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush nominates Fmr. Governor of North Dakota Ed Schafer for United States Secretary of Agriculture. ](/news/2007/10/31/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-nominates-fmr-governor-of-north-dakota-ed-schafer-for-united-states-secretary-of-agricul.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. President, United States Secretary of Agriculture_
5. [ United States Secretary of State Colin Powell says that he saw no direct connection between Saddam Hussein's former regime in Iraq and the September 11, 2001, attacks. During an interview on NBC's "Meet the Press," Powell also said he believes that if John Kerry were president at the time of a terrorist attack he would respond in a "robust" way. ](/news/2004/09/13/united-states-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-says-that-he-saw-no-direct-connection-between-saddam-hussein-s-former-regime-in-iraq-and-the.md) _Context: Colin Powell, U.S. President, United States Secretary of State_
6. [ Spanish Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar personally asks United States President George W. Bush to silence Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld, indicating that Rumsfeld's numerous public remarks on European countries' Iraq policies are generally viewed as inflammatory and overwhelmingly counterproductive within the European diplomatic community. Aznar indicated a preference for Secretary of State Colin Powell.](/news/2003/02/27/spanish-prime-minister-josa-c-maraa-aznar-personally-asks-united-states-president-george-w-bush-to-silence-secretary-of-defense-donald-rum.md) _Context: Colin Powell, George W. Bush, United States Secretary of State_
7. [The U.S. Senate confirms the first two members of President Donald Trump's Cabinet: retired Marine General James Mattis as Secretary of Defense, and retired Marine general John F. Kelly as Secretary of Homeland Security. ](/news/2017/01/20/the-u-s-senate-confirms-the-first-two-members-of-president-donald-trump-s-cabinet-retired-marine-general-james-mattis-as-secretary-of-defe.md) _Context: Cabinet, U.S. President_
8. [In the United States, Hillary Clinton is criticized by the State Department's inspector general for her usage of a private email server while she was secretary of state. The finding also concluded though that former secretary of state Colin Powell also had a private email server, as did former ambassador to Kenya Scott Gration. The inspector referred to the email server usage as "longstanding systemic weaknesses". ](/news/2016/05/25/in-the-united-states-hillary-clinton-is-criticized-by-the-state-departmentas-inspector-general-for-her-usage-of-a-private-email-server-wh.md) _Context: Colin Powell, United States Secretary of State_
9. [The George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas, Texas, is dedicated in the presence of President of the United States Barack Obama, former president George W. Bush and all living former presidents. The complex will be opened to the public on May 1. ](/news/2013/04/25/the-george-w-bush-presidential-center-in-dallas-texas-is-dedicated-in-the-presence-of-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-former.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. President_
10. [U.S. President Barack Obama nominates John Kerry to succeed Hillary Clinton as Secretary of State. ](/news/2012/12/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-nominates-john-kerry-to-succeed-hillary-clinton-as-secretary-of-state.md) _Context: U.S. President, United States Secretary of State_
