### [2017-08-29](/news/2017/08/29/index.md)

# Defense Secretary James Mattis announces that transgender troops in the military will continue to serve pending the results of a study started in June to assess the Pentagon's ability to fight and win wars. 




### Source:

1. [The Hill](http://thehill.com/homenews/administration/348484-mattis-halts-trump-transgender-policy-pending-study)
2. [USA Today](https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/politics/2017/08/29/mattis-orders-pentagon-allow-transgender-troops-continue-serving-pending-study/614711001/)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. Senate confirms the first two members of President Donald Trump's Cabinet: retired Marine General James Mattis as Secretary of Defense, and retired Marine general John F. Kelly as Secretary of Homeland Security. ](/news/2017/01/20/the-u-s-senate-confirms-the-first-two-members-of-president-donald-trump-s-cabinet-retired-marine-general-james-mattis-as-secretary-of-defe.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, James Mattis_
2. [President-elect Donald Trump names retired United States Marine Corps general James Mattis as United States Secretary of Defense. ](/news/2016/12/1/president-elect-donald-trump-names-retired-united-states-marine-corps-general-james-mattis-as-united-states-secretary-of-defense.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, James Mattis_
3. [Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald-trump-and-top-pentagon-officials-over-the-president-s-policy-change-a.md) _Context: Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military_
4. [President Donald Trump issues a presidential memorandum that stops funding of sex reassignment procedures for military personnel, and that denies entry of transgender individuals into the military. President Trump announced this policy change via twitter in late July. Two LGBT rights organizations filed a federal lawsuit two weeks ago arguing this policy change is unconstitutional because it denies transgender service members equal protection and due process. ](/news/2017/08/25/president-donald-trump-issues-a-presidential-memorandum-that-stops-funding-of-sex-reassignment-procedures-for-military-personnel-and-that-d.md) _Context: Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military_
5. [U.S. President Donald Trump tweets that transgender Americans will not be allowed to serve "in any capacity" in the United States Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/07/26/u-s-president-donald-trump-tweets-that-transgender-americans-will-not-be-allowed-to-serve-in-any-capacity-in-the-united-states-armed-forc.md) _Context: Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military_
6. [U.S. B-2 stealth bombers strike two ISIL camps, south of the city of Sirte, Libya, killing more than 80 militants, according to United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. ](/news/2017/01/19/u-s-b-2-stealth-bombers-strike-two-isil-camps-south-of-the-city-of-sirte-libya-killing-more-than-80-militants-according-to-united-state.md) _Context: Defense Secretary_
7. [The Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) and the United States agree to carry out joint naval patrols to prevent Iranian arms shipments reaching Yemen, the Gulf bloc's secretary general Abdullatif bin Rashid Al Zayani said on Wednesday, following a meeting with United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. Iran denies it supplies weapons to the Houthis in Yemen. ](/news/2016/04/20/the-gulf-cooperation-council-gcc-and-the-united-states-agree-to-carry-out-joint-naval-patrols-to-prevent-iranian-arms-shipments-reaching-y.md) _Context: Defense Secretary_
8. [During a visit to Baghdad, U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter announces that the United States will be sending more troops to the country to help in the fight against ISIL. The U.S. also plans to give Kurdish Peshmerga forces, which are fighting ISIL on the ground, more than $400m (GBP280m; EUR350m) in assistance. ](/news/2016/04/18/during-a-visit-to-baghdad-u-s-defense-secretary-ash-carter-announces-that-the-united-states-will-be-sending-more-troops-to-the-country-to.md) _Context: Defense Secretary_
9. [The public interest non-profit Cause for Action files a Freedom of Information Act request for United States Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter's personal emails following his disclosure of using that account for official government emails, this in the wake of the former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton email controversy and the Office of Personnel Management data breach. The U.S. Federal Records Act restricts use of personal email for official business. ](/news/2015/12/23/the-public-interest-non-profit-cause-for-action-files-a-freedom-of-information-act-request-for-united-states-secretary-of-defense-ashton-car.md) _Context: Defense Secretary_
10. [Iraqi Defense Minister Khaled al-Obaidi updates the death toll from Friday's friendly fire airstrike near Fallujah to 10, one officer and nine soldiers. U.S. Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter says it appears an American jet conducted the strike. Carter called Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi to express condolences. ](/news/2015/12/19/iraqi-defense-minister-khaled-al-obaidi-updates-the-death-toll-from-friday-s-friendly-fire-airstrike-near-fallujah-to-10-one-officer-and-ni.md) _Context: Defense Secretary_
