### [2017-08-29](/news/2017/08/29/index.md)

# North Korea fires a Hwasong-12 ballistic missile which flies 2,700 km, passing over Hokkaido, northern Japan, prompting the activation of the nationwide J-Alert warning system. This is first time since 2009 that a North Korean missile has passed over Japanese territory. 

North Korea has test fired a missile over Japan in an unprecedented act that is likely to further enflame tensions in the region, Japan&#039;s government has confirmed.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-northkorea-missiles-usa-haley-idUSKCN1B91Q8?il=0)
2. [South China Morning Post](http://www.scmp.com/news/china/diplomacy-defence/article/2108697/north-korea-fires-another-missile-over-japan-reports)
3. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/asia/north-korea-japan-missile-over-test-launch-kim-jong-un-trump-latest-news-updates-a7917401.html)

### Related:

1. [A 6.3 magnitude earthquake is detected near the Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site in Kilju County, North Korea, after North Korea tests its sixth and most powerful nuclear weapon to date. North Korean state media claims the country tested a hydrogen bomb that can be fitted on an ICBM. ](/news/2017/09/3/a-6-3-magnitude-earthquake-is-detected-near-the-punggye-ri-nuclear-test-site-in-kilju-county-north-korea-after-north-korea-tests-its-sixth.md) _Context: 2017 North Korea crisis, North Korea_
2. [The South Korean military reports North Korea has fired several short-range projectiles into the sea from its eastern Kangwon province. The U.S. military says three short-range missile launches either exploded on launch or failed in flight. ](/news/2017/08/26/the-south-korean-military-reports-north-korea-has-fired-several-short-range-projectiles-into-the-sea-from-its-eastern-kangwon-province-the.md) _Context: 2017 North Korea crisis, North Korea_
3. [The International Institute for Strategic Studies releases a report arguing that North Korea has acquired a high-performance liquid-propellant engine for its missile program, probably from illicit networks in Russia and Ukraine, likely produced by Yuzhmash facilities. Ukraine denies the allegations. ](/news/2017/08/14/the-international-institute-for-strategic-studies-releases-a-report-arguing-that-north-korea-has-acquired-a-high-performance-liquid-propella.md) _Context: 2017 North Korea crisis, North Korea_
4. [North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-933-kilometers-into-the-sea-of-japan-within-ja.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
5. [North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-according-to-south-korea-the-missile-reportedly.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
6. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
7. [Japan orders its military to shoot down any North Korean missiles that threaten to strike Japan at anytime, and is placing its forces on a state of alert for at least three months, according to a Ministry of Defense official. ](/news/2016/08/8/japan-orders-its-military-to-shoot-down-any-north-korean-missiles-that-threaten-to-strike-japan-at-anytime-and-is-placing-its-forces-on-a-s.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
8. [At least two rivers break embankments, causing floods on the northern Japanese island of Hokkaido. Operations are underway to rescue 400 stranded people. On Honshu Island, at least 11 people, including nine elderly from a nursing home, have died. ](/news/2016/08/31/at-least-two-rivers-break-embankments-causing-floods-on-the-northern-japanese-island-of-hokkaido-operations-are-underway-to-rescue-400-str.md) _Context: Hokkaido, Japan_
9. [North Korea launches two ballistic missiles, one of which explodes immediately after its launch while the main part of the other lands in Japan's economic exclusion zone. ](/news/2016/08/3/north-korea-launches-two-ballistic-missiles-one-of-which-explodes-immediately-after-its-launch-while-the-main-part-of-the-other-lands-in-ja.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
10. [Japan places its military on high alert to be ready to shoot down any missile heading for its territory amid reports of a possible North Korean launch of an intermediate-range missile from its east coast. ](/news/2016/06/21/japan-places-its-military-on-high-alert-to-be-ready-to-shoot-down-any-missile-heading-for-its-territory-amid-reports-of-a-possible-north-kor.md) _Context: Japan, North Korea_
