### [2017-08-29](/news/2017/08/29/index.md)

# The death toll from Hurricane Harvey reaches 30 as Sylvester Turner, the mayor of Houston, Texas, introduces a curfew to deter looters. 

Rivers were still rising and rescue work continued in southeast Texas, where officials warned that for many people, conditions will not improve soon.


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/08/29/us/hurricane-harvey-storm-flooding.html?emc=edit_na_20170829&nl=breaking-news&nlid=66213151&ref=cta)

### Related:

1. [Veteran Texas lawmaker Sylvester Turner edges out businessman Bill King by just over 4,000 votes in Houston's runoff mayoral election. Turner, a Democratic member of the Texas House of Representatives since 1989, took 51 percent of the vote. King conceded defeat and encouraged Houston citizens to support the incoming mayor. Turner succeeds Annise Parker who was not eligible to run for re-election. ](/news/2015/12/13/veteran-texas-lawmaker-sylvester-turner-edges-out-businessman-bill-king-by-just-over-4-000-votes-in-houston-s-runoff-mayoral-election-turne.md) _Context: Sylvester Turner, the mayor of Houston, Texas_
2. [The Arkema chemical plant in Crosby, Texas, near Houston is at risk of explosion after flood waters damage the facility. Residents living within a 1.5 mi radius of the plant are evacuated. ](/news/2017/08/31/the-arkema-chemical-plant-in-crosby-texas-near-houston-is-at-risk-of-explosion-after-flood-waters-damage-the-facility-residents-living-wi.md) _Context: Hurricane Harvey_
3. [Tropical storm Harvey (hurricane earlier this month) makes its second landfall, this time in the U.S. state of Louisiana. "The New York Times" reports local officials say the death toll since last Friday is now 38. Moving northeast, Harvey is expected to gradually weaken to a tropical depression by tonight. ](/news/2017/08/30/tropical-storm-harvey-hurricane-earlier-this-month-makes-its-second-landfall-this-time-in-the-u-s-state-of-louisiana-the-new-york-time.md) _Context: Hurricane Harvey_
4. [At least eight people have died in the American state of Texas with 30,000 residents in the city of Houston expected to seek temporary shelter. ](/news/2017/08/28/at-least-eight-people-have-died-in-the-american-state-of-texas-with-30-000-residents-in-the-city-of-houston-expected-to-seek-temporary-shelt.md) _Context: Hurricane Harvey_
5. [The death toll from Hurricane Harvey in the American city of Houston, Texas, rises to three with several more days of heavy rain causing "catastrophic" floods to come. ](/news/2017/08/27/the-death-toll-from-hurricane-harvey-in-the-american-city-of-houston-texas-rises-to-three-with-several-more-days-of-heavy-rain-causing-ca.md) _Context: Hurricane Harvey_
6. [Harvey is now a tropical storm with sustained winds of 70 mph (110 kmh). It made landfall on Texas's eastern coast, the eye striking the town of Rockport, as a Category 4 hurricane. It's the strongest storm to hit the state since 1961. Harvey is expected to maintain tropical storm strength, with heavy rains and flooding, for at least four days. ](/news/2017/08/26/harvey-is-now-a-tropical-storm-with-sustained-winds-of-70-mph-110-kmh-it-made-landfall-on-texas-s-eastern-coast-the-eye-striking-the-tow.md) _Context: Hurricane Harvey_
7. [In anticipation of Hurricane Harvey, residents from Corpus Christi to Galveston, Texas, and workers from Gulf of Mexico oil platforms are evacuating the region. The storm makes landfall between Port Aransas and Port O'Connor as a Category 4 hurricane around 11 p.m. EDT (0300 UTC, August 26) as the strongest storm to hit the United States mainland since 2004. The National Hurricane Center predicts Harvey will linger over Texas for days, dumping 15 - in, and as much as 35 in of rain on some parts of the state. ](/news/2017/08/25/in-anticipation-of-hurricane-harvey-residents-from-corpus-christi-to-galveston-texas-and-workers-from-gulf-of-mexico-oil-platforms-are-ev.md) _Context: Hurricane Harvey_
8. [Tropical depression Harvey becomes a hurricane, expected to make landfall on the Texas coast at Category 3, bringing life-threatening storm surge, rainfall, and wind hazards. ](/news/2017/08/24/tropical-depression-harvey-becomes-a-hurricane-expected-to-make-landfall-on-the-texas-coast-at-category-3-bringing-life-threatening-storm.md) _Context: Hurricane Harvey_
9. [Hurricane and storm surge watches are issued for Texas and Louisiana as the tropical system Harvey strengthens into a tropical depression and is predicted to bring both heavy rainfall and storm surge. ](/news/2017/08/23/hurricane-and-storm-surge-watches-are-issued-for-texas-and-louisiana-as-the-tropical-system-harvey-strengthens-into-a-tropical-depression-an.md) _Context: Hurricane Harvey_
10. [Residents in the United States' fourth largest city are voting in a runoff election to choose the new mayor of Houston, Texas. The race is between the top two finishers in November's non-partisan election: Sylvester Turner, a veteran lawmaker seeking to expand economic opportunities; and, Bill King, a businessman pledging to fix city finances. ](/news/2015/12/12/residents-in-the-united-states-fourth-largest-city-are-voting-in-a-runoff-election-to-choose-the-new-mayor-of-houston-texas-the-race-is-b.md) _Context: Sylvester Turner_
