### [2008-05-6](/news/2008/05/6/index.md)

#  The Irish Taoiseach, Bertie Ahern, officially resigns after ten years, ten months and ten days as head of government. 

Bertie Ahern has formally tendered his resignation as Taoiseach to President Mary McAleese at Áras an Uachtaráin.


### Source:

1. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2008/0506/northpolitics.html)

### Related:

1. [ Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern announces he will resign on 6 May after 11 years of rule. ](/news/2008/04/2/irish-taoiseach-bertie-ahern-announces-he-will-resign-on-6-may-after-11-years-of-rule.md) _Context: Bertie Ahern, Republic of Ireland, Taoiseach_
2. [ ''Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-pa.md) _Context: Bertie Ahern, Republic of Ireland, Taoiseach_
3. [ In Ireland the controversy continues over payments by businessmen friends to Taoiseach (Prime Minister) Bertie Ahern in 1993 when he was Minister for Finance; it has come to light that the largest of the payments was drawn on a company cheque. ](/news/2006/09/30/in-ireland-the-controversy-continues-over-payments-by-businessmen-friends-to-taoiseach-prime-minister-bertie-ahern-in-1993-when-he-was-mi.md) _Context: Bertie Ahern, Republic of Ireland, Taoiseach_
4. [Irish politicians respond to High Court Judge Paul Carney's order that a man who plead guilty in court to repeatedly raping his daughter as a child be granted bail and provisional released. Taoiseach Enda Kenny comments on a nation "filled with revulsion" at the outcome of the case, while opposition politician Gerry Adams refers to abuse his father inflicted on others. ](/news/2013/01/22/irish-politicians-respond-to-high-court-judge-paul-carney-s-order-that-a-man-who-plead-guilty-in-court-to-repeatedly-raping-his-daughter-as.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, Taoiseach_
5. [After 15 years, the Mahon Tribunal into political corruption in Ireland concludes with findings against high-profile politicians, including two former Taoisigh. ](/news/2012/03/22/after-15-years-the-mahon-tribunal-into-political-corruption-in-ireland-concludes-with-findings-against-high-profile-politicians-including.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, Taoiseach_
6. [Ireland's Taoiseach Enda Kenny attacks the Vatican's approach to the child abuse scandals in the country as "absolutely disgraceful", while the Socialist Party's Joe Higgins tells Dail Eireann that people were "throwing their hands in the air" after the report into the sexual abuse scandal in Cloyne diocese was published this week. ](/news/2011/07/15/ireland-s-taoiseach-enda-kenny-attacks-the-vatican-s-approach-to-the-child-abuse-scandals-in-the-country-as-absolutely-disgraceful-while.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, Taoiseach_
7. [Former Taoiseach (Prime Minister) of the Republic of Ireland Garret FitzGerald dies in Dublin aged 85. ](/news/2011/05/19/former-taoiseach-prime-minister-of-the-republic-of-ireland-garret-fitzgerald-dies-in-dublin-aged-85.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, Taoiseach_
8. [A bomb explodes in Omagh, County Tyrone, Northern Ireland, killing one, hours after around 2,000 participants in a half marathon pass by. The incident evokes memories of the 1998 Omagh bombing, while taoiseach Enda Kenny (Republic of Ireland) accuses the perpetrators of "acting in defiance of the Irish people". ](/news/2011/04/2/a-bomb-explodes-in-omagh-county-tyrone-northern-ireland-killing-one-hours-after-around-2-000-participants-in-a-half-marathon-pass-by-th.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, Taoiseach_
9. [Enda Kenny is elected as the 13th Taoiseach of Ireland by a margin of 117-27 in the 31st Dail Eireann, replacing Brian Cowen. ](/news/2011/03/9/enda-kenny-is-elected-as-the-13th-taoiseach-of-ireland-by-a-margin-of-117-27-in-the-31st-da-il-aireann-replacing-brian-cowen.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, Taoiseach_
10. [Bertie Ahern, the former taoiseach who led the stricken Fianna Fail political party from 1994 until 2008, announces he is to resign from Dail Eireann at the forthcoming general election. ](/news/2010/12/30/bertie-ahern-the-former-taoiseach-who-led-the-stricken-fianna-fa-il-political-party-from-1994-until-2008-announces-he-is-to-resign-from-da.md) _Context: Bertie Ahern, Taoiseach_
