### [2006-11-11](/news/2006/11/11/index.md)

#  The United States vetoes a United Nations Security Council resolution condemning the Beit Hanoun November 2006 incident and urging for a quick withdrawal of Israel from the Gaza Strip. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/6139968.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.co.uk/news/articlenews.aspx?type=worldNews&storyid=2006-11-11T174222Z_01_N11393197_RTRUKOC_0_UK-MIDEAST-UN.xml)

### Related:

1. [The  report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end  settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on  Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a.md) _Context: American, Israel, United Nations Security Council_
2. [United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urges Iran to comply with U.N. Security Council resolutions concerning the nuclear program of Iran, and implicitly criticises it for its Israel policy at a meeting of the Non-Aligned Movement. ](/news/2012/08/30/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-urges-iran-to-comply-with-u-n-security-council-resolutions-concerning-the-nuclear-program-of-i.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations Security Council, United Nations Security Council resolution_
3. [A Bolivian-flagged all-female international aid ship bound for Gaza is delayed as Cyprus bans it from passing, with Israel's Ehud Barak calling on France and the United States to prevent it from sailing because, he says, it is "a needless provocation". ](/news/2010/08/22/a-bolivian-flagged-all-female-international-aid-ship-bound-for-gaza-is-delayed-as-cyprus-bans-it-from-passing-with-israel-s-ehud-barak-call.md) _Context: American, Gaza Strip, Israel_
4. [EU commissioner Chris Patten, Baron Patten of Barnes, speaking during his first visit to Gaza since 2002, calls the Israeli blockade of Gaza an "immoral failure", expresses shock at the "huge new settlements" in the West Bank, and states the United States dominance of the Quartet on the Middle East - US, EU, UN and Russia - is wrong. ](/news/2010/07/18/eu-commissioner-chris-patten-baron-patten-of-barnes-speaking-during-his-first-visit-to-gaza-since-2002-calls-the-israeli-blockade-of-gaza.md) _Context: American, Gaza Strip, Israel_
5. [Captured Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit:The fourth anniversary of the capture of Gilad Shalit, and held incommunicado by Hamas in Gaza, is marked in Israel, the United States and a number of European cities. ](/news/2010/06/25/captured-israeli-soldier-gilad-shalit-pthe-fourth-anniversary-of-the-capture-of-gilad-shalit-and-held-incommunicado-by-hamas-in-gaza-is-ma.md) _Context: American, Gaza Strip, Israel_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Israel's decision to ease the Gaza blockade is welcomed by the United Nations and the United States; Gaza's Hamas rulers say this is propaganda by Israel. ](/news/2010/06/17/israeliapalestinian-conflict-pisrael-s-decision-to-ease-the-gaza-blockade-is-welcomed-by-the-united-nations-and-the-united-states-gaza-s.md) _Context: American, Gaza Strip, Israel_
7. [United States President Barack Obama is to ask the US Congress for an extra $200m in military aid to help Israel get a short-range rocket defence system called Iron Dome in place against mortar and rocket attacks from Gaza or Southern Lebanon. ](/news/2010/05/16/united-states-president-barack-obama-is-to-ask-the-us-congress-for-an-extra-200m-in-military-aid-to-help-israel-get-a-short-range-rocket-de.md) _Context: American, Gaza Strip, Israel_
8. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu resists calls from the United States to stop construction in Jerusalem; the United Nations claims Israel's blockade of Gaza prevents it from educating thousands of Palestinian children. ](/news/2010/04/23/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-resists-calls-from-the-united-states-to-stop-construction-in-jerusalem-the-united-nations-claim.md) _Context: American, Gaza Strip, Israel_
9. [ Israel and Hamas ignore the United Nations Security Council's call for a ceasefire in the conflict in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2009/01/9/israel-and-hamas-ignore-the-united-nations-security-council-s-call-for-a-ceasefire-in-the-conflict-in-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, United Nations Security Council_
10. [The United States vetoes a United Nations Security Council resolution aimed at stopping Israeli airstrikes against Gaza. UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and the United Kingdom, European Union, Russia, France, and China all call for a ceasefire. ](/news/2008/12/28/the-united-states-vetoes-a-united-nations-security-council-resolution-aimed-at-stopping-israeli-airstrikes-against-gaza-un-secretary-genera.md) _Context: American, United Nations Security Council, United Nations Security Council resolution_
