### [2006-08-28](/news/2006/08/28/index.md)

#  Mexico's Federal Electoral Tribunal rules unanimously that results in contested polling stations only marginally affected the lead of Felipe Caldern of the ruling National Action Party over Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador in July's disputed presidential election. 




### Source:

1. [The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/story/0,20867,20288868-23109,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ In Mexico's presidential election, PRD candidate Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador says he will file a legal challenge against the results of the ongoing official vote count that have him loscing to the PAN's Felipe Caldern by 0.57 percentage points. ](/news/2006/07/6/in-mexico-s-presidential-election-prd-candidate-andres-manuel-lopez-obrador-says-he-will-file-a-legal-challenge-against-the-results-of-the.md) _Context: Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador, Felipe Caldern, Mexican general election, Mexico, National Action Party (PAN)_
2. [ Polling closes in the Mexican general election, with voters electing a new President, both houses of Congress, and four state/district governors. Exit polls show the presidential race between Felipe Caldern of the National Action Party and Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador, a former mayor of Mexico City, as too close to call. ](/news/2006/07/2/polling-closes-in-the-mexican-general-election-with-voters-electing-a-new-president-both-houses-of-congress-and-four-state-district-gove.md) _Context: Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador, Felipe Caldern, Mexican general election, Mexico, National Action Party (PAN)_
3. [ Felipe Caldern of the PAN is declared the winner of Mexico's 2 July presidential election. ](/news/2006/09/5/felipe-calderon-of-the-pan-is-declared-the-winner-of-mexico-s-2-july-presidential-election.md) _Context: Felipe Caldern, Mexican general election, Mexico, National Action Party (PAN)_
4. [ In Mexico, the partial recount of votes in the disputed 2006 presidential election held on July 2 begins amid escalating protests against alleged electoral irregularities in the close election. ](/news/2006/08/9/in-mexico-the-partial-recount-of-votes-in-the-disputed-2006-presidential-election-held-on-july-2-begins-amid-escalating-protests-against-a.md) _Context: Disputed Mexican election, Mexican general election, Mexico_
5. [The ruling Mexican National Action Party (PAN) endorses Josefina Vzquez Mota as its candidate for the Presidential election, the first time that a major Mexican party has endorsed a woman to run for President of Mexico. ](/news/2012/02/5/the-ruling-mexican-national-action-party-pan-endorses-josefina-vazquez-mota-as-its-candidate-for-the-presidential-election-the-first-time.md) _Context: Mexico, National Action Party (PAN)_
6. [Local government elections in Mexico. The Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) did not achieve as big a win as exit polls indicated, with the National Action Party (PAN) running ahead in three states that are currently controlled by PRI. ](/news/2010/07/5/local-government-elections-in-mexico-the-institutional-revolutionary-party-pri-did-not-achieve-as-big-a-win-as-exit-polls-indicated-with.md) _Context: Mexico, National Action Party (PAN)_
7. [Mexican President Felipe Caldern's visit to a community centre in Ciudad Jurez where 13 teenagers and two adults were shot dead at a school party on 31 January is disrupted by murders, riot police and dozens of protesters. ](/news/2010/02/12/mexican-president-felipe-calderon-s-visit-to-a-community-centre-in-ciudad-juarez-where-13-teenagers-and-two-adults-were-shot-dead-at-a-schoo.md) _Context: Felipe Caldern, Mexico_
8. [ A summit between US president George W. Bush, Canadian prime minister Stephen Harper, Mexican president Felipe Caldern, and about 30 CEOs from the three countries begins in the resort town of Montebello, Quebec, near Ottawa. The talks will deal with the Security and Prosperity Partnership of North America. Protesters representing a variety of issues hold demonstrations regarding the exclusion of civil society from the talks and the secrecy of the process; police respond with tear gas. ](/news/2007/08/20/a-summit-between-us-president-george-w-bush-canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-mexican-president-felipe-calderon-and-about-30-ceos.md) _Context: Felipe Caldern, Mexico_
9. [ Bombs explode at Mexico's Federal Electoral Tribunal, an opposition party's headquarters and a bank in the capital. ](/news/2006/11/6/bombs-explode-at-mexico-s-federal-electoral-tribunal-an-opposition-party-s-headquarters-and-a-bank-in-the-capital.md) _Context: Federal Electoral Tribunal, Mexico_
10. [ Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador, who was narrowly defeated in the Mexican general election, is proclaimed "Legitimate President of Mexico" by his supporters and promises to set up a "parallel government". ](/news/2006/11/20/andres-manuel-lopez-obrador-who-was-narrowly-defeated-in-the-mexican-general-election-is-proclaimed-legitimate-president-of-mexico-by-h.md) _Context: Andrs Manuel Lpez Obrador, Mexican general election_
