### [2006-08-28](/news/2006/08/28/index.md)

#  United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan tells the Lebanese government that he wants the two Israeli soldiers captured by Hezbollah to be handed to the Red Cross. 




### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://haaretz.com/hasen/spages/755698.html)

### Related:

1. [ Hezbollah transfers the bodies of captured Israeli soldiers, Ehud Goldwasser and Eldad Regev, in exchange for the Lebanese convicted murderer Samir Kuntar, four other Hezbollah militants captured by Israel during the 2006 Lebanon War (Khaled Zidan, Maher Kurani, Mohammed Sarur and Hussein Suleiman), and the bodies of 200 Lebanese and Palestinians.](/news/2008/07/16/hezbollah-transfers-the-bodies-of-captured-israeli-soldiers-ehud-goldwasser-and-eldad-regev-in-exchange-for-the-lebanese-convicted-murder.md) _Context: Ehud Goldwasser, Hezbollah, Israel_
2. [ Hostilities between Israel and Hezbollah militants in Lebanon must stop immediately, UN Secretary General Kofi Annan has said.](/news/2006/07/20/hostilities-between-israel-and-hezbollah-militants-in-lebanon-must-stop-immediately-un-secretary-general-kofi-annan-has-said.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Kofi Annan_
3. [ Kofi Annan states that he is working with the five permanent members of the United Nations Security Council to deploy an armed force in the Middle East to quell the escalation of conflict between Israel, Palestinian insurgents and Hezbollah. Tony Blair supports the plan. ](/news/2006/07/17/kofi-annan-states-that-he-is-working-with-the-five-permanent-members-of-the-united-nations-security-council-to-deploy-an-armed-force-in-the.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Kofi Annan_
4. [ Israeli investigation brings evidence that a buried explosive device caused the Gaza beach blast in which seven Palestenian civilians were killed, rather than an artillery shelling as stated by the Hamas-led Palestenian government. A former Pentagon official paid by the Human Rights Watch organization asserts than an Israeli shelling caused the tragedy. United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan retracts earlier skeptic remarks he made on Israel's position on the incident. Sddeutsche Zeitung reports numerous flaws in the Palestenian footage from the beach, including a dead man later walking around. ](/news/2006/06/13/israeli-investigation-brings-evidence-that-a-buried-explosive-device-caused-the-gaza-beach-blast-in-which-seven-palestenian-civilians-were.md) _Context: Israel, Kofi Annan, United Nations Secretary-General_
5. [In response to several Israeli airstrikes against suspected Hezbollah-related targets inside Syria, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has threatened wider war with the State of Israel, stating its intention to fire Scud missiles, and specifically target the Israeli city of Haifa. Israel responded by stating that any such actions by the Assad regime, or attacks on its aircraft, will cause Israel to "annihilate" Syrian air defense systems. ](/news/2017/03/25/in-response-to-several-israeli-airstrikes-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-inside-syria-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-has-thr.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel_
6. [Allegedly Israeli fighter jets strike a suspected Hezbollah weapons convoy near Damascus, Syria. ](/news/2016/11/30/allegedly-israeli-fighter-jets-strike-a-suspected-hezbollah-weapons-convoy-near-damascus-syria.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel_
7. [A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-national-defence-force.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel_
8. [Israeli security forces claim that Hezbollah and forces loyal to the President of Syria Bashar al-Assad are responsible for firing rockets from Syrian territory onto the Golan Heights into the mount Hermon sky resort. ](/news/2015/01/27/israeli-security-forces-claim-that-hezbollah-and-forces-loyal-to-the-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-are-responsible-for-firing-rockets-f.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel_
9. [Israel agrees to a two hour ceasefire in Shuja'iyya neighbourhood in the Gaza Strip at the request of the Red Cross iafter a heavy firefight caused the death of more than 74 Palestinians and 13 Israel Defense Forces soldiers. ](/news/2014/07/20/israel-agrees-to-a-two-hour-ceasefire-in-shuja-iyya-neighbourhood-in-the-gaza-strip-at-the-request-of-the-red-cross-uafter-a-heavy-firefigh.md) _Context: Israel, Red Cross_
10. [A Hezbollah official Hassan al-Lakkis is assassinated outside his home in Hadath, south of the Lebanese capital Beirut with Hezbollah blaming Israel. ](/news/2013/12/4/a-hezbollah-official-hassan-al-lakkis-is-assassinated-outside-his-home-in-hadath-south-of-the-lebanese-capital-beirut-with-hezbollah-blamin.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel_
