### [2014-05-23](/news/2014/05/23/index.md)

# Voters in the European Union go to the polls for a multi-day European Parliamentary election. Voters in Ireland and the Czech Republic vote today. 




### Source:

1. [Deutsche Welle](http://www.dw.de/ireland-and-the-czech-republic-vote-in-european-elections/a-17655345)

### Related:

1. [The European Union orders Apple to pay up to 13 billion euros in back taxes to Ireland. A three-year investigation by the EU's competition commissioner concludes that Apple received "illegal state aid" from Ireland, the EU order that Apple pay 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion), and, in addition, also interest and unpaid taxes. ](/news/2016/08/30/the-european-union-orders-apple-to-pay-up-to-13-billion-euros-in-back-taxes-to-ireland-a-three-year-investigation-by-the-eu-s-competition-c.md) _Context: EU, Ireland_
2. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Czech Republic, Ireland_
3. [Foreign ministers from Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia meet with officials from the European Union and Germany to discuss differences over migrant quotas. ](/news/2015/09/11/foreign-ministers-from-czech-republic-hungary-poland-and-slovakia-meet-with-officials-from-the-european-union-and-germany-to-discuss-diffe.md) _Context: Czech Republic, EU_
4. [In his Christmas Day message, Sean Brady, the controversial head of Ireland's Catholic hierarchy, calls upon his flock to continue their opposition to abortion. In the wake of the death of Savita Halappanavar, the Indian dentist recently denied an abortion of her dying foetus by Ireland's conservative laws, the country's government is once again to attempt to legislate for the 1992 X Case in the coming year, with Ireland the only remaining EU state to outlaw the procedure. ](/news/2012/12/25/in-his-christmas-day-message-sea-n-brady-the-controversial-head-of-ireland-s-catholic-hierarchy-calls-upon-his-flock-to-continue-their-op.md) _Context: EU, Ireland_
5. [25 of the 27 members of the European Union sign a new "fiscal compact", the exceptions being the United Kingdom and the Czech Republic. ](/news/2012/03/2/25-of-the-27-members-of-the-european-union-sign-a-new-fiscal-compact-the-exceptions-being-the-united-kingdom-and-the-czech-republic.md) _Context: Czech Republic, EU_
6. [Ireland's parliament approved a controversial budget package at the behest of the International Monetary Fund, aimed at shoring up Ireland's banks while getting the country's budget deficit within European Union limits. ](/news/2010/12/14/ireland-s-parliament-approved-a-controversial-budget-package-at-the-behest-of-the-international-monetary-fund-aimed-at-shoring-up-ireland-s.md) _Context: EU, Ireland_
7. [EU finance ministers downplay the importance of talks on a potential bailout for Ireland, claiming that no detailed discussions were held on the issue ](/news/2010/11/17/eu-finance-ministers-downplay-the-importance-of-talks-on-a-potential-bailout-for-ireland-claiming-that-no-detailed-discussions-were-held-on.md) _Context: EU, Ireland_
8. [ European Union leaders again warn the Czech Republic of the costs which will be imposed by the further delaying of the Lisbon Treaty. ](/news/2009/10/7/european-union-leaders-again-warn-the-czech-republic-of-the-costs-which-will-be-imposed-by-the-further-delaying-of-the-lisbon-treaty.md) _Context: Czech Republic, EU_
9. [ Czech President Vaclav Klaus says he is "adamant" Irish voters will reject the European Union's Treaty of Lisbon when they vote on it again in the country's 2 October referendum, meaning his unwillingness to sign the treaty will be justified. ](/news/2009/09/24/czech-president-va-clav-klaus-says-he-is-adamant-irish-voters-will-reject-the-european-union-s-treaty-of-lisbon-when-they-vote-on-it-agai.md) _Context: Czech Republic, EU_
10. [ The European Union's parliamentary election continues in Cyprus, Italy, Latvia, Malta, Slovakia, the Czech Republic, and France's overseas departments and territories. ](/news/2009/06/6/the-european-union-s-parliamentary-election-continues-in-cyprus-italy-latvia-malta-slovakia-the-czech-republic-and-france-s-overseas.md) _Context: Czech Republic, EU_
