### [2010-11-24](/news/2010/11/24/index.md)

# Brazilian police shoot dead at least thirteen people in Rio de Janeiro following a wave of violence by suspected drug traffickers. 

Brazilian police have shot dead at least 13 more people in Rio de Janeiro as they try stop a wave of violence by suspected drug traffickers.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-latin-america-11836068)

### Related:

1. [American Olympic swimmers Ryan Lochte, Gunnar Bentz, Jack Conger and Jimmy Feigen claim they were robbed at gunpoint in Rio de Janeiro by men posing as Brazilian police officers. ](/news/2016/08/14/american-olympic-swimmers-ryan-lochte-gunnar-bentz-jack-conger-and-jimmy-feigen-claim-they-were-robbed-at-gunpoint-in-rio-de-janeiro-by-me.md) _Context: Rio de Janeiro, police_
2. [Law enforcement in Brazil occupy Rocinha, Rio de Janeiro's biggest ''favela'' or slum, in a bid to clean the city ahead of the 2014 FIFA World Cup and 2016 Summer Olympics. ](/news/2011/11/13/law-enforcement-in-brazil-occupy-rocinha-rio-de-janeiro-s-biggest-favela-or-slum-in-a-bid-to-clean-the-city-ahead-of-the-2014-fifa-wor.md) _Context: Rio de Janeiro, police_
3. [More than 2,000 Brazilian police and military personnel enter the Alemao slum of Rio de Janeiro in search of drug traffickers, in efforts to boost security well ahead of the 2016 Olympic Games. ](/news/2010/11/28/more-than-2-000-brazilian-police-and-military-personnel-enter-the-alemapso-slum-of-rio-de-janeiro-in-search-of-drug-traffickers-in-efforts-t.md) _Context: Rio de Janeiro, drug trafficking_
4. [Brazilian President Michel Temer deploys the Brazilian Army to the southeastern state of Espirito Santo, where a police strike has led to a wave of violence and looting, including dozens of murders in the state capital, Vitoria. ](/news/2017/02/6/brazilian-president-michel-temer-deploys-the-brazilian-army-to-the-southeastern-state-of-esparito-santo-where-a-police-strike-has-led-to-a.md) _Context: police_
5. [Brazilian police enter the Alcacuz prison outside the city of Natal, Rio Grande do Norte, after a week of fighting leaves 26 inmates dead. At least 126 people have been killed in Brazil's prisons since the beginning of the year. ](/news/2017/01/21/brazilian-police-enter-the-alcacuz-prison-outside-the-city-of-natal-rio-grande-do-norte-after-a-week-of-fighting-leaves-26-inmates-dead-a.md) _Context: police_
6. [A body found in a burnt-out vehicle north of the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro is confirmed to be that of missing Greek Ambassador Kyriakos Amiridis. A military police officer who had an affair with the ambassador's wife confesses to the murder. The wife and a second man are also detained. ](/news/2016/12/30/a-body-found-in-a-burnt-out-vehicle-north-of-the-brazilian-city-of-rio-de-janeiro-is-confirmed-to-be-that-of-missing-greek-ambassador-kyriak.md) _Context: Rio de Janeiro_
7. [The Ambassador of Greece to Brazil, Kyriakos Amiridis, is reported missing while on vacation in Rio de Janeiro. A homicide team is investigating his disappearance. ](/news/2016/12/29/the-ambassador-of-greece-to-brazil-kyriakos-amiridis-is-reported-missing-while-on-vacation-in-rio-de-janeiro-a-homicide-team-is-investiga.md) _Context: Rio de Janeiro_
8. [The leader of the Australian delegation says the country's athletes would not be checking in at the athletes' village  because it's unsafe for human habitation. Australian athletes have been staying at nearby Rio de Janeiro hotels. ](/news/2016/07/24/the-leader-of-the-australian-delegation-says-the-country-s-athletes-would-not-be-checking-in-at-the-athletes-village-because-it-s-unsafe-f.md) _Context: Rio de Janeiro_
9. [Brazilian Police say they have identified and are searching for four of the more than 30 men suspected in last Saturday's gang rape of a 16-year-old girl in Rio de Janeiro. The assault came to light after several men posted about the attack online. ](/news/2016/05/28/brazilian-police-say-they-have-identified-and-are-searching-for-four-of-the-more-than-30-men-suspected-in-last-saturday-s-gang-rape-of-a-16.md) _Context: Rio de Janeiro_
10. [More than 150 prominent scientists worldwide send a letter to World Health Organization Director-General Margaret Chan calling for the postponement or relocation of the Rio de Janeiro 2016 Summer Olympics because of the widening Zika virus outbreak in Brazil, despite U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Tom Frieden's statement yesterday that "there is no public health reason to cancel or delay the Olympics." ](/news/2016/05/27/more-than-150-prominent-scientists-worldwide-send-a-letter-to-world-health-organization-director-general-margaret-chan-calling-for-the-postp.md) _Context: Rio de Janeiro_
