### [2010-11-24](/news/2010/11/24/index.md)

# Former United States House of Representatives Majority Leader and former "Dancing with the Stars" contestant Tom DeLay is convicted of money laundering and conspiracy in relation to Republican fundraising for the 2002 Texas state elections. 

A Texas jury on Wednesday found former Republican House Majority Leader Tom DeLay, dubbed &quot;The Hammer&quot; for his hard-driving style, guilty of money laundering and conspiracy.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2010/CRIME/11/24/us.delay.verdict/index.html?eref=edition)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE6AN6O520101125)

### Related:

1. [Former Republican United States House of Representatives Majority Leader Tom DeLay is sentenced to three years in prison for money laundering. ](/news/2011/01/10/former-republican-united-states-house-of-representatives-majority-leader-tom-delay-is-sentenced-to-three-years-in-prison-for-money-launderin.md) _Context: Majority Leader, Republican, Tom DeLay, United States House of Representatives, money laundering_
2. [ Jack Abramoff scandals: Lobbyist Tony C. Rudy, former chief of staff for Rep. Tom DeLay (R-TX), pleads guilty to conspiracy and agrees to cooperate with the ongoing investigation into the Jack Abramoff Indian lobbying scandal. ](/news/2006/03/31/jack-abramoff-scandals-lobbyist-tony-c-rudy-former-chief-of-staff-for-rep-tom-delay-r-tx-pleads-guilty-to-conspiracy-and-agrees-to-c.md) _Context: Republican, Texas, Tom DeLay_
3. [Efforts to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. American Health Care Act of 2017. The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/efforts-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-american-health-care-act-of-2017-the-republican-controlled-united-states.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
4. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017. Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia. ](/news/2017/04/18/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
5. [An act to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. A leaked memo from House Republicans reveals cutting provisions from Obamacare such as Medicaid expansions and subsidies for health insurance. ](/news/2017/02/25/an-act-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-a-leaked-memo-from-house-republicans-reveals-cutting-provisions-from-obamac.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
6. [115th United States Congress. The Republican-led U.S. House of Representatives cancels plans approved on Monday, following widespread criticism, including a tweet by President-elect Trump, that would have weakened the House's independent ethics watchdog, the Office of Congressional Ethics. ](/news/2017/01/3/115th-united-states-congress-the-republican-led-u-s-house-of-representatives-cancels-plans-approved-on-monday-following-widespread-critic.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
7. [United States presidential election, 2016. Ted Cruz presidential campaign, 2016. Texas Senator Ted Cruz names former Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina as his vice-presidential running mate. ](/news/2016/04/27/united-states-presidential-election-2016-ted-cruz-presidential-campaign-2016-texas-senator-ted-cruz-names-former-republican-presidential.md) _Context: Republican, Texas_
8. [United States presidential election, 2016. The presidential campaigns of Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich announce they will now coordinate strategies to stop fellow Republican Donald Trump from becoming the party's nominee. Cruz's campaign will cut campaigning in Oregon and New Mexico to help Kasich, while the Kasich campaign will give Cruz a "clear path" in Indiana. ](/news/2016/04/25/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-presidential-campaigns-of-texas-senator-ted-cruz-and-governor-of-ohio-john-kasich-announce-th.md) _Context: Republican, Texas_
9. [ U.S. House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, who had been the favorite to replace outgoing House Speaker John Boehner, withdraws from the race. ](/news/2015/10/8/u-s-house-majority-leader-kevin-mccarthy-who-had-been-the-favorite-to-replace-outgoing-house-speaker-john-boehner-withdraws-from-the-rac.md) _Context: Majority Leader, United States House of Representatives_
10. [Members of the Republican party in the United States House of Representatives nominate Paul Ryan of Wisconsin to replace John Boehner of Ohio as Speaker of the House. There will be a formal vote Thursday on the House floor. ](/news/2015/10/28/members-of-the-republican-party-in-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-nominate-paul-ryan-of-wisconsin-to-replace-john-boehner-of-ohi.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
