### [2010-11-24](/news/2010/11/24/index.md)

# One protester is killed during clashes between riot police and Egyptian copts after permission was refused for a new church. 

A&#x20;young&#x20;male&#x20;demonstrator&#x20;was&#x20;shot&#x20;and&#x20;killed&#x20;Wednesday&#x20;and&#x20;dozens&#x20;more&#x20;injured&#x20;as&#x20;more&#x20;than&#x20;200&#x20;Orthodox&#x20;Coptic&#x20;Christian&#x20;protesters&#x20;clashed&#x20;with&#x20;Egyptian&#x20;police.&#x20;The&#x20;violence&#x20;is&#x20;over&#x20;the&#x20;authorities&amp;rsquo&#x3B;&#x20;refusal&#x20;to&#x20;allow&#x20;the&#x20;building...


### Source:

1. [AP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5i6Mjrh4tFNwvC8sqwOwYytS1fRvg?docId=26258e2e6efe4b9a915757f94d39fcf6)
2. [RFI](http://www.english.rfi.fr/africa/20101124-demonstrator-killed-egypts-copts-clash-police)

### Related:

1. [Clashes between Christian Copt and Muslims in the Egyptian capital Cairo kill 13 people and injure 140. ](/news/2011/03/9/clashes-between-christian-copt-and-muslims-in-the-egyptian-capital-cairo-kill-13-people-and-injure-140.md) _Context: Copt, Egypt_
2. [One person is killed in clashes between Coptic Christians and Muslims in the Egyptian capital Cairo. ](/news/2011/03/8/one-person-is-killed-in-clashes-between-coptic-christians-and-muslims-in-the-egyptian-capital-cairo.md) _Context: Copt, Egypt_
3. [Egyptian police increases security around Coptic churches on the eve of Coptic Christmas, following a bombing in Alexandria on New Year's Day that killed 23 people and sparked protests and riots across the country. ](/news/2011/01/6/egyptian-police-increases-security-around-coptic-churches-on-the-eve-of-coptic-christmas-following-a-bombing-in-alexandria-on-new-year-s-da.md) _Context: Copt, Egypt_
4. [Coptic Christians clash with police in Cairo and Alexandria, Egypt, as they demand more protection for Egypt's Christian minority following a New Year's Day bombing of a Coptic church that killed 21. ](/news/2011/01/3/coptic-christians-clash-with-police-in-cairo-and-alexandria-egypt-as-they-demand-more-protection-for-egypt-s-christian-minority-following.md) _Context: Copt, Egypt_
5. [Egyptian authorities blame the Gaza-based Army of Islam group for an attack on a Coptic Christian church in Alexandria on 1 January. ](/news/2011/01/23/egyptian-authorities-blame-the-gaza-based-army-of-islam-group-for-an-attack-on-a-coptic-christian-church-in-alexandria-on-1-january.md) _Context: Copt, Egypt_
6. [A man is sentenced to death in Egypt for killing Copts at a Christmas mass a year ago. ](/news/2011/01/16/a-man-is-sentenced-to-death-in-egypt-for-killing-copts-at-a-christmas-mass-a-year-ago.md) _Context: Copt, Egypt_
7. [156 people are detained in Egypt following clashes between police and Copts after authorities blocked construction of a church. ](/news/2010/11/25/156-people-are-detained-in-egypt-following-clashes-between-police-and-copts-after-authorities-blocked-construction-of-a-church.md) _Context: Copt, Egypt_
8. [Two trains collide in Alexandria, Egypt, killing at least 36 people and injuring at least 55. ](/news/2017/08/11/two-trains-collide-in-alexandria-egypt-killing-at-least-36-people-and-injuring-at-least-55.md) _Context: Egypt_
9. [Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization  (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt-bahrain-and-unit.md) _Context: Egypt_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Egypt_
