### [2015-04-2](/news/2015/04/2/index.md)

# The Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the People's Republic of China files a protest after two American jet fighters landed on April 1 at an air base in Taiwan. 

China&#x27;s Foreign Ministry expressed anger on Thursday after two U.S. fighter jets landed in Taiwan, in a rare official contact between the militaries of the United States and the self-ruled democratic island. Taiwan&#x27;s Central News Agency said the two F-18s landed at an air force base in southern


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo7](https://au.news.yahoo.com/world/a/26923712/china-objects-after-us-fighter-planes-land-in-taiwan/)
2. [Reuters via Yahoo](http://news.yahoo.com/china-angered-u-fighter-jets-land-taiwan-090328736.html)

### Related:

1. [South China Sea disputes: Philippines Foreign Secretary Albert del Rosario says Chinese coast guard ships that were sighted two weeks ago near the disputed Jackson Atoll in the northeast Dangerous Ground are no longer there today. Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hong Lei said ships were dispatched to the area in late 2015 to salvage a fishing vessel that posed a risk to navigation. Chinese ships, -... persuaded fishing boats to leave the waters in an effort to ensure safety conditions for normal navigation," Hong said. In addition to China and the Philippines, Vietnam, Malaysia, Taiwan, and Brunei also lay claim to the Spratly Islands waters. ](/news/2016/03/2/south-china-sea-disputes-philippines-foreign-secretary-albert-del-rosario-says-chinese-coast-guard-ships-that-were-sighted-two-weeks-ago-ne.md) _Context: Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson, Taiwan_
2. [China summons Kaye Lee, the U.S. deputy chief of mission in Beijing, to protest Washington's announcement that it is selling two warships to Taiwan as part of a $1.83 billion arms deal. U.S. state department spokesman John Kirby says the sale is consistent with the 1979 Taiwan Relations Act while Chinese Vice-Foreign Minister Zheng Zequang threatens to impose sanctions on U.S. firms because the proposed sale "severely damaged China's sovereignty and security interests." ](/news/2015/12/17/china-summons-kaye-lee-the-u-s-deputy-chief-of-mission-in-beijing-to-protest-washington-s-announcement-that-it-is-selling-two-warships-to.md) _Context: Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson, Taiwan_
3. [2017 in spaceflight: FORMOSAT-5, the first satellite fully designed by Taiwan's National Space Organization, is launched into low-earth orbit by SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket. ](/news/2017/08/25/2017-in-spaceflight-formosat-5-the-first-satellite-fully-designed-by-taiwan-s-national-space-organization-is-launched-into-low-earth-orbi.md) _Context: Taiwan_
4. [Taiwan-United States relations: The United States plans to sell Taiwan $1.42 billion in arms, the first such sale under the administration of Donald Trump. ](/news/2017/06/29/taiwan-united-states-relations-the-united-states-plans-to-sell-taiwan-1-42-billion-in-arms-the-first-such-sale-under-the-administration.md) _Context: Taiwan_
5. [Foreign relations of Panama: Panama severs diplomatic ties with Taiwan and establishes formal relations with China. ](/news/2017/06/12/foreign-relations-of-panama-panama-severs-diplomatic-ties-with-taiwan-and-establishes-formal-relations-with-china.md) _Context: Taiwan_
6. [LGBT rights in Taiwan: After the Supreme Court rules in favor, same-sex-marriage is on its way to being legalized in Taiwan, the first country in Asia to do so. ](/news/2017/05/24/lgbt-rights-in-taiwan-after-the-supreme-court-rules-in-favor-same-sex-marriage-is-on-its-way-to-being-legalized-in-taiwan-the-first-count.md) _Context: Taiwan_
7. [Cross-Strait relations: A spokesman for the Taiwan Affairs Office of People's Republic of China says Taiwan is barred from observing this year-s World Health Assembly because current President Tsai Ing-wen has not endorsed the Beijing view that both sides belong to a single China under the One-China policy; the spokesman further said that the health of people in Taiwan is not being put at risk by Taiwan's inability to attend. ](/news/2017/05/10/cross-strait-relations-a-spokesman-for-the-taiwan-affairs-office-of-people-s-republic-of-china-says-taiwan-is-barred-from-observing-this-ye.md) _Context: Taiwan_
8. [At least 34 people are killed after a tour bus, carrying mostly local elderly tourists, overturns on a freeway in Taipei, Taiwan. ](/news/2017/02/13/at-least-34-people-are-killed-after-a-tour-bus-carrying-mostly-local-elderly-tourists-overturns-on-a-freeway-in-taipei-taiwan.md) _Context: Taiwan_
9. [Foreign relations of Taiwan: Burkina Faso and Swaziland refuse to break relations with Taiwan and recognize the One-China policy despite being offered aid from China. ](/news/2017/01/25/foreign-relations-of-taiwan-burkina-faso-and-swaziland-refuse-to-break-relations-with-taiwan-and-recognize-the-one-china-policy-despite-bei.md) _Context: Taiwan_
10. [Taiwan scrambles navy ships and jets as Chinese warships, led by the aircraft carrier "Liaoning", sail through the Taiwan Strait following exercises in the South China Sea. ](/news/2017/01/11/taiwan-scrambles-navy-ships-and-jets-as-chinese-warships-led-by-the-aircraft-carrier-liaoning-sail-through-the-taiwan-strait-following-e.md) _Context: Taiwan_
