### [2009-03-19](/news/2009/03/19/index.md)

#  The United States House of Representatives votes to levy a 90% tax on executive compensation from companies aided by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act. 

Spurred by anger over A.I.G., the House voted 328 to 93 to tax bonuses paid by any company owing more than $5 billion in bailout money.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2009/03/20/business/20bailout.html?hp)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. House of Representatives, defying a veto-threat by President Barack Obama, overwhelmingly passes legislation to suspend the Obama administration's program to admit 10,000 Syrian and Iraqi refugees into the country. The bill will now face a vote in the U.S. Senate. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-defying-a-veto-threat-by-president-barack-obama-overwhelmingly-passes-legislation-to-suspend-the-obama-a.md) _Context: United States, United States House of Representatives_
2. [Following an unexpected primary loss to Dave Brat, United States House Representative Eric Cantor announces his intent to step down from his office as House Majority Leader. ](/news/2014/06/11/following-an-unexpected-primary-loss-to-dave-brat-united-states-house-representative-eric-cantor-announces-his-intent-to-step-down-from-his.md) _Context: United States, United States House of Representatives_
3. [A shooting rampage takes place at a supermarket in Tucson in the U.S. state of Arizona. Twenty are shot, including U.S. Representative Gabrielle Giffords. Six others are confirmed dead, including District Court judge John Roll. ](/news/2011/01/8/a-shooting-rampage-takes-place-at-a-supermarket-in-tucson-in-the-u-s-state-of-arizona-twenty-are-shot-including-u-s-representative-gabri.md) _Context: United States, United States House of Representatives_
4. [United States Representative Gabrielle Giffords leaves hospital in Tucson, Arizona for rehabilitation in Houston, Texas less than two weeks after the 2011 Tucson shooting. ](/news/2011/01/21/united-states-representative-gabrielle-giffords-leaves-hospital-in-tucson-arizona-for-rehabilitation-in-houston-texas-less-than-two-weeks.md) _Context: United States, United States House of Representatives_
5. [A United States Federal grand jury indicts Jared Lee Loughner for attempted murder of Arizona Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords and two of her aides with further charges pending. ](/news/2011/01/19/a-united-states-federal-grand-jury-indicts-jared-lee-loughner-for-attempted-murder-of-arizona-congresswoman-gabrielle-giffords-and-two-of-he.md) _Context: United States, United States House of Representatives_
6. [In the United States House of Representatives, Republicans introduce Resolution 1553, which expresses United States support for Israeli use of any necessary military force to eliminate any threat it believes Iran poses. ](/news/2010/07/24/in-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-republicans-introduce-resolution-1553-which-expresses-united-states-support-for-israeli-use.md) _Context: United States, United States House of Representatives_
7. [United States health care reform. The United States House of Representatives passes the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010. ](/news/2010/03/22/united-states-health-care-reform-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-passes-the-health-care-and-education-reconciliation-act-of-2010.md) _Context: United States, United States House of Representatives_
8. [The Secretary of the Treasury of the U.S., Timothy Geithner, appears before a committee of the United States House of Representatives to discuss his actions in 2008, when he was the President of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, in the rescue of troubled insurance industry giant AIG. ](/news/2010/01/27/the-secretary-of-the-treasury-of-the-u-s-timothy-geithner-appears-before-a-committee-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-to-dis.md) _Context: United States, United States House of Representatives_
9. [ The United States Supervisory Capital Assessment Program finds that financial services companies JPMorgan Chase, and American Express do not need more capital from the Troubled Asset Relief Program. ](/news/2009/05/6/the-united-states-supervisory-capital-assessment-program-finds-that-financial-services-companies-jpmorgan-chase-and-american-express-do-no.md) _Context: United States, company_
10. [ United States Representative Donald M. Payne comes under mortar fire at Aden Adde International Airport in Somalia. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/africaandindianocean/somalia/5149000/US-congressman-comes-under-mortar-fire-as-he-leaves-Somalia.html "(Telegraph)"]](/news/2009/04/13/united-states-representative-donald-m-payne-comes-under-mortar-fire-at-aden-adde-international-airport-in-somalia-http-www-telegraph-c.md) _Context: United States, United States House of Representatives_
