### [2006-02-20](/news/2006/02/20/index.md)

#  Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki denies that Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said that he wanted Israel to be "wiped off the map", saying Ahmadinejad was misunderstood. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://news.yahoo.com/s/nm/20060220/wl_nm/iran_israel_dc;_ylt=Au_s7hHhEmUoRB0Hda7OyYm9IxIF;_ylu=X3oDMTA4NTMzazIyBHNlYwMxNjk2)

### Related:

1. [Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad dismisses Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki for unknown reasons. He is replaced by Ali Akbar Salehi in an acting capacity. ](/news/2010/12/13/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-dismisses-foreign-minister-manouchehr-mottaki-for-unknown-reasons-he-is-replaced-by-ali-akbar-salehi.md) _Context: Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, Manouchehr Mottaki_
2. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says that Lebanon is becoming a "satellite" of Iran after it hosts a controversial visit by Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, who again "predicts" Israel's destruction at a Hezbollah rally in southern Lebanon. ](/news/2010/10/14/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-says-that-lebanon-is-becoming-a-satellite-of-iran-after-it-hosts-a-controversial-visit-by-irania.md) _Context: Iran, Iranian President, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
3. [ International Quds Day:: Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad calls The Holocaust a "myth" and says that "the very existence of this regime is an insult to the dignity of the people" in referring to Israel at a Quds Day rally in Tehran. ](/news/2009/09/18/international-quds-day-iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-calls-the-holocaust-a-myth-and-says-that-the-very-existence-of-this-regim.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
4. [ The President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad indicates that he does not expect an attack by the United States or Israel because he considers George W. Bush to be a lame duck president. ](/news/2008/07/8/the-president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-indicates-that-he-does-not-expect-an-attack-by-the-united-states-or-israel-because-he-considers-g.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
5. [ Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad threatens to pull Iran out of the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty if the United States and the EU 3 do not accept Iran's nuclear program. ](/news/2006/05/7/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-threatens-to-pull-iran-out-of-the-nuclear-nonproliferation-treaty-if-the-united-states-and-the-eu-3-d.md) _Context: Iran, Iranian President, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
6. [ Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad criticizes Israel in a three-day conference attended by Palestinian Hamas officials. He calls the Israeli regime "a rotten, dried tree that will be eliminated by one storm." ](/news/2006/04/14/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-criticizes-israel-in-a-three-day-conference-attended-by-palestinian-hamas-officials-he-calls-the-isr.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
7. [ Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad accuses European nations of trying to complete the Holocaust by creating a "Jewish camp" Israel in the Middle East. "Don't you think that continuation of genocide by expelling Jews from Europe was one of their aims in creating a regime of occupiers of Al-Quds (Jerusalem) Isn't that an important question?" He went on to say that Europe should cede some of their territory for a Jewish state, and that anti-Semitism has a long history in Europe, while Jews have lived peacefully among Muslims for centuries. ](/news/2006/01/1/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-accuses-european-nations-of-trying-to-complete-the-holocaust-by-creating-a-jewish-camp-israel-in-th.md) _Context: Iranian President, Israel, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
8. [ President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad remarks that Israel should be moved to Europe and the "issue will be resolved." His remarks were widely condemned as Holocaust denial by Israeli, European and American politicians, The Secretary General of the United Nations, Kofi Annan, issued a statement indicating that he "was shocked", while Saudi, Turkish and Iranian officials criticized his speech because it undermined a Mecca summit dedicated to showing Islam's moderate face.](/news/2005/12/8/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-remarks-that-israel-should-be-moved-to-europe-and-the-issue-will-be-resolved-his-remarks-were-wide.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
9. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon calls for the expulsion of Iran from the United Nations after the Iranian President repeated Ruhollah Khomeini's call for Israel to be "wiped off the map". ](/news/2005/10/27/israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-calls-for-the-expulsion-of-iran-from-the-united-nations-after-the-iranian-president-repeated-ruhollah-k.md) _Context: Iran, Iranian President, Israel_
10. [ Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad quotes the founder of the Islamic Republic of Iran, Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini, who called for the destruction of Israel, calling it a "disgraceful blot" that should be "wiped off the map". Ahmadinejad made the reference to 3,000 students during a speech at the "World without Zionism" conference. ](/news/2005/10/26/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-quotes-the-founder-of-the-islamic-republic-of-iran-ayatollah-ruhollah-khomeini-who-called-for-the-d.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
