### [2013-03-3](/news/2013/03/3/index.md)

# Fighting erupts in Sabah, Malaysia, leaving seven dead, including five policemen. Four people are taken hostage. In response, the Malaysian Military doubles their troop presence in the area. 

At least five police officers have died in another armed clash with gunmen in eastern Sabah state, officials in Malaysia say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-21646374)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/03/03/us-malaysia-poltiics-idUSBRE92202A20130303)
3. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2013/03/04/world/asia/04iht-malaysia04.html)

### Related:

1. [At least 14 people die in Malaysia's Sabah province when rebels open fire on government security forces. ](/news/2013/03/1/at-least-14-people-die-in-malaysia-s-sabah-province-when-rebels-open-fire-on-government-security-forces.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysian Armed Forces, Sabah_
2. [Philippine officials report four Indonesian sailors were kidnapped last night off the Philippines' southernmost town of Sitangkai, Tawi-Tawi, near Malaysia's Sabah state. Seven gunmen in a blue speedboat attacked two Indonesian-flagged tugboats. Six other sailors, including one who was shot, were not taken by ISIL-linked Abu Sayyaf militants. ](/news/2016/04/16/philippine-officials-report-four-indonesian-sailors-were-kidnapped-last-night-off-the-philippines-southernmost-town-of-sitangkai-tawi-tawi.md) _Context: Malaysia, Sabah_
3. [Australia issues a security alert, warning that terrorists may be planning attacks in and around the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur. It also recommended that Australians avoid travel to the coastal region of eastern Sabah, where the beaches and islands are popular with foreign tourists. ](/news/2016/02/21/australia-issues-a-security-alert-warning-that-terrorists-may-be-planning-attacks-in-and-around-the-malaysian-capital-kuala-lumpur-it-also.md) _Context: Malaysia, Sabah_
4. [Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak condemns the Philippine-based Abu Sayyaf's beheading of a Malaysian man. Businessman Bernard Then and a woman were kidnapped in May from the Malaysia-island Sabah; the woman was released last week. Philippine Colonel Restituto Padilla said the killing followed a "failure of the negotiations about money." ](/news/2015/11/18/malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-condemns-the-philippine-based-abu-sayyaf-s-beheading-of-a-malaysian-man-businessman-bernard-then-and-a.md) _Context: Malaysia, Sabah_
5. [Two bodies have been removed from Borneo's Mount Kinabalu following the 6.1 magnitude earthquake that hit Malaysia's Sabah province Friday morning. Previously-stranded climbers, reported at 137, have descended to the Laban Rata resthouse. ](/news/2015/06/5/two-bodies-have-been-removed-from-borneo-s-mount-kinabalu-following-the-6-1-magnitude-earthquake-that-hit-malaysia-s-sabah-province-friday-m.md) _Context: Malaysia, Sabah_
6. [The death toll in Malaysia rises to 26 as conflict between people claiming to follow the Sultanate of Sulu and Malaysian Armed Forces continue. ](/news/2013/03/4/the-death-toll-in-malaysia-rises-to-26-as-conflict-between-people-claiming-to-follow-the-sultanate-of-sulu-and-malaysian-armed-forces-contin.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysian Armed Forces_
7. [A fire at an Islamic boarding school for boys kills 24 people, most of them students, in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. ](/news/2017/09/14/a-fire-at-an-islamic-boarding-school-for-boys-kills-24-people-most-of-them-students-in-kuala-lumpur-malaysia.md) _Context: Malaysia_
8. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Malaysia_
9. [Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines begin joint patrols in the pirate havens within the Celebes and Sulu Seas. ](/news/2017/06/19/indonesia-malaysia-and-the-philippines-begin-joint-patrols-in-the-pirate-havens-within-the-celebes-and-sulu-seas.md) _Context: Malaysia_
10. [North Korea temporarily bans all Malaysian nationals (estimated to be at least 11 people including embassy employees) from leaving the country amid a growing dispute between the two countries over the death of Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of Kim Jong-un. Malaysian official Khairy Jamaluddin calls the move "tantamount to taking hostages". ](/news/2017/03/7/north-korea-temporarily-bans-all-malaysian-nationals-estimated-to-be-at-least-11-people-including-embassy-employees-from-leaving-the-count.md) _Context: Malaysia_
