### [2013-03-3](/news/2013/03/3/index.md)

# Following treatment, a 2-year-old Mississippi girl born with the HIV/AIDS virus is pronounced to be HIV negative. 

US doctors say they seem to have cured a baby born with HIV - the virus that causes Aids - through very early treatment with standard drug therapy.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-21651225)
2. [CBS](http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-204_162-57572271/baby-born-with-aids-virus-appears-to-have-been-cured/)
3. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2013/03/03/health/hiv-toddler-cured)
4. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/society/2013/mar/03/us-doctors-cure-child-born-hiv)

### Related:

1. [Presidency of Donald Trump. Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/presidency-of-donald-trump-numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-regist.md) _Context: Mississippi_
2. [2017 Mississippi shootings. Eight people, including a Lincoln County Sheriff's Department deputy, are fatally shot overnight at three locations in rural Mississippi. A suspect is in custody; he says he intended for it to be "suicide by cop." ](/news/2017/05/28/2017-mississippi-shootings-eight-people-including-a-lincoln-county-sheriff-s-department-deputy-are-fatally-shot-overnight-at-three-locati.md) _Context: Mississippi_
3. [Multiple tornadoes tear through New Orleans, Baton Rouge, and other parts of southeastern Louisiana, injuring at least 20 people; no deaths have been reported. The severe weather also delivers heavy rain and hail in Mississippi and Alabama. ](/news/2017/02/7/multiple-tornadoes-tear-through-new-orleans-baton-rouge-and-other-parts-of-southeastern-louisiana-injuring-at-least-20-people-no-deaths.md) _Context: Mississippi_
4. [South Africa launches the HVTN 702 trial for an experimental AIDS vaccine, which will involve over 5,400 men and women over the course of four years. ](/news/2016/11/30/south-africa-launches-the-hvtn-702-trial-for-an-experimental-aids-vaccine-which-will-involve-over-5-400-men-and-women-over-the-course-of-fo.md) _Context: AIDS_
5. [LGBT rights in the United States. A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/lgbt-rights-in-the-united-states-a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminato.md) _Context: Mississippi_
6. [LGBT rights in the United States. The Mississippi Hospitality and Restaurant Association, in response to the potential backlash from Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant's signing of the known-as "religious freedom" bill which permits denial of services because of religious belief, will distribute decals that say "Everyone's Welcome Here." Mike Cashion, MHRA director, says the bill "created a level of controversy" that affects Mississippi's image. ](/news/2016/04/7/lgbt-rights-in-the-united-states-the-mississippi-hospitality-and-restaurant-association-in-response-to-the-potential-backlash-from-mississ.md) _Context: Mississippi_
7. [United Kingdom-United States relations. The United Kingdom's Foreign Office issues a travel advisory for gay people concerning travel to parts of the United States due to new legislation in North Carolina and Mississippi. ](/news/2016/04/20/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-the-united-kingdom-s-foreign-office-issues-a-travel-advisory-for-gay-people-concerning-travel-to-p.md) _Context: Mississippi_
8. [Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016. Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016. Voters in the U.S. states of Mississippi, Michigan, Hawaii and Idaho vote in primary elections and caucuses. ](/news/2016/03/8/republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-mississippi-mich.md) _Context: Mississippi_
9. [Six people have been killed in Louisiana, Texas, and Oklahoma, with two Mississippi fishermen missing, in this week's flooding in the America's Deep South. More than 24 inches of rain has fallen in some of the hardest-hit areas with more rain today that is expected to lead to additional flooding later this week. ](/news/2016/03/13/six-people-have-been-killed-in-louisiana-texas-and-oklahoma-with-two-mississippi-fishermen-missing-in-this-week-s-flooding-in-the-americ.md) _Context: Mississippi_
10. [Tornadoes of 2015. At least six people die and dozens injured as major storms, packed with tornadoes, move through the American South and Midwest. Three people died when a tornado hit northern Mississippi, one was killed in Arkansas and two more in Tennessee. Officials continue searching into the night for the missing. ](/news/2015/12/23/tornadoes-of-2015-at-least-six-people-die-and-dozens-injured-as-major-storms-packed-with-tornadoes-move-through-the-american-south-and-mi.md) _Context: Mississippi_
