### [2013-03-3](/news/2013/03/3/index.md)

# Norway's Marit Bjorgen wins five medals in 2013 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships that ends today in Val di Fiemme, Italy. 

Marit Bjoergen secured her 12th world title on Saturday in Val di Fiemme, Italy by beating Olympic champion Justyna Kowalczyk in a sprint finish to win the 30-kilometre classical event at the Nordic skiing world championships.


### Source:

1. [Eurosport](http://uk.eurosport.yahoo.com/news/cross-country-skiing-olsson-takes-remarkable-gold-val-142435302.html)
2. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/sports/olympics/story/2013/03/02/sp-x-country-marit-bjoergen.html)

### Related:

1. [The 2013 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships begin today in Val di Fiemme, Italy, with men's and women's sprint in cross-country skiing. ](/news/2013/02/21/the-2013-fis-nordic-world-ski-championships-begin-today-in-val-di-fiemme-italy-with-men-s-and-women-s-sprint-in-cross-country-skiing.md) _Context: 2013, FIS, Italian, Nordic World Ski Championships, Val di Fiemme_
2. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Italian, Norway_
3. [More than a dozen alleged ISIS-linked, terrorist members of Rawti Shax, a European offshoot of the Iraqi Kurdish jihadist network Ansar al-Islam,  are arrested in a coordinated, multi-nation sweep by police across Europe. The operation  dismantled an integrated cell in Italy, the United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, and Germany.  The group is accused of radicalizing fighters, planning attacks  targeting Norwegian and British diplomats in the Middle East, and planning to establish a caliphate in Iraq's Kurdistan region. ](/news/2015/11/12/more-than-a-dozen-alleged-isis-linked-terrorist-members-of-rawti-shax-a-european-offshoot-of-the-iraqi-kurdish-jihadist-network-ansar-al-i.md) _Context: Italian, Norway_
4. [Contributions from Belgium, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland allow the World Bank to cancel $36 million in Haiti's remaining debt following January's devastating earthquake. ](/news/2010/05/28/contributions-from-belgium-canada-finland-france-germany-ireland-italy-japan-the-netherlands-norway-spain-sweden-and-switzerland.md) _Context: Italian, Norway_
5. [ The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown launches the International Health Partnership consisting of the World Health Organisation, the World Bank, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation as well as the governments of the United Kingdom, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway and Portugal. ](/news/2007/09/5/the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-gordon-brown-launches-the-international-health-partnership-consisting-of-the-world-health-organisa.md) _Context: Italian, Norway_
6. [Prime Minister of Norway Erna Solberg meets with Premier of the People's Republic of China Li Keqiang in Beijing to announce the end of a diplomatic freeze between the countries and the resumption of free trade negotiations between China and Norway. ](/news/2017/04/7/prime-minister-of-norway-erna-solberg-meets-with-premier-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-li-keqiang-in-beijing-to-announce-the-end-of-a-di.md) _Context: Norway_
7. [An Italian prosecutor says there are "telephone calls" between people smugglers in Libya and some non-governmental organizations. Frontex, the European Border and Coast Guard Agency, says the practices amount to a "taxi service". One NGO says "more would die" if they were not there. ](/news/2017/04/23/an-italian-prosecutor-says-there-are-telephone-calls-between-people-smugglers-in-libya-and-some-non-governmental-organizations-frontex-t.md) _Context: Italian_
8. [A Brazilian federal judge orders Petrobras to suspend the sale to Norway's Statoil of its stake in an  offshore prospect,  in response to the National Federation of Oil Workers petition there should have been an open bidding process for this transaction. ](/news/2017/04/17/a-brazilian-federal-judge-orders-petrobras-to-suspend-the-sale-to-norway-s-statoil-of-its-stake-in-an-offshore-prospect-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Norway_
9. [Italian police arrest 34 people of a drug gang who reportedly planned to steal Enzo Ferrari's corpse, and hold it for ransom. ](/news/2017/03/30/italian-police-arrest-34-people-of-a-drug-gang-who-reportedly-planned-to-steal-enzo-ferrari-s-corpse-and-hold-it-for-ransom.md) _Context: Italian_
10. [An eruption at Mount Etna on the Italian island of Sicily injures at least ten people, including several in a BBC News crew. ](/news/2017/03/16/an-eruption-at-mount-etna-on-the-italian-island-of-sicily-injures-at-least-ten-people-including-several-in-a-bbc-news-crew.md) _Context: Italian_
