### [2013-03-3](/news/2013/03/3/index.md)

# Russia, Great Britain and France become the top-3 countries in the medal table of the 2013 European Athletics Indoor Championships in Gothenburg, Sweden. 




### Source:

1. [EA](http://www.european-athletics.org/32nd-european-athletics-indoor-championships/11812-russia-top-medals-table-again-but-swedish-hosts-make-the-biggest-gains.html)

### Related:

1. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: France, Russia, United Kingdom_
2. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: France, Sweden, United Kingdom_
3. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: France, Russia, United Kingdom_
4. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: France, Russia, United Kingdom_
5. [Representatives of six major world powers - China, France, Germany, United Kingdom, Russia and the United States - meet with Iranian officials to discuss the nation's nuclear program. ](/news/2013/02/26/representatives-of-six-major-world-powers-a-china-france-germany-united-kingdom-russia-and-the-united-states-a-meet-with-iranian-off.md) _Context: France, Russia, United Kingdom_
6. [China, France, Russia, the United Kingdom and United States urge Iran to co-operate with the International Atomic Energy Agency. ](/news/2012/05/3/china-france-russia-the-united-kingdom-and-united-states-urge-iran-to-co-operate-with-the-international-atomic-energy-agency.md) _Context: France, Russia, United Kingdom_
7. [Eruption of Eyjafjallajokull volcano:Travel chaos spreads across Europe as planes are grounded in the United Kingdom, Norway, Sweden, Finland and Russia as a result of the giant cloud of ash coming across from Iceland. ](/news/2010/04/16/eruption-of-eyjafjallajapkull-volcano-ptravel-chaos-spreads-across-europe-as-planes-are-grounded-in-the-united-kingdom-norway-sweden-finl.md) _Context: Russia, Sweden, United Kingdom_
8. [ Officials from the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Russia, China and the United States express "regret" at Iran's refusal to accept nuclear proposals. ](/news/2009/11/20/officials-from-the-united-kingdom-france-germany-russia-china-and-the-united-states-express-regret-at-iran-s-refusal-to-accept-nuclea.md) _Context: France, Russia, United Kingdom_
9. [The United States vetoes a United Nations Security Council resolution aimed at stopping Israeli airstrikes against Gaza. UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and the United Kingdom, European Union, Russia, France, and China all call for a ceasefire. ](/news/2008/12/28/the-united-states-vetoes-a-united-nations-security-council-resolution-aimed-at-stopping-israeli-airstrikes-against-gaza-un-secretary-genera.md) _Context: France, Russia, United Kingdom_
10. [ The foreign ministers of the United Kingdom, United States, Germany, France, Russia and China agree to make a new offer to Iran over its nuclear program. ](/news/2008/05/2/the-foreign-ministers-of-the-united-kingdom-united-states-germany-france-russia-and-china-agree-to-make-a-new-offer-to-iran-over-its-nu.md) _Context: France, Russia, United Kingdom_
