### [2013-03-3](/news/2013/03/3/index.md)

# While on the way to the hospital due to complications in a pregnancy, a young Ultra-Orthodox Hasidic Jewish couple from a Brooklyn enclave are killed in a hit-and-run; the baby was delivered prematurely by C-section but died the next day of its injuries. The car owner was arrested soon after; the driver was arrested days later after a search. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2013/03/04/us/new-york-crash-baby)

### Related:

1. [A commuter train from the Long Island Rail Road derails during the morning rush hour in Brooklyn, New York, injuring 103 people. ](/news/2017/01/4/a-commuter-train-from-the-long-island-rail-road-derails-during-the-morning-rush-hour-in-brooklyn-new-york-injuring-103-people.md) _Context: Brooklyn_
2. [Medical research reveals shrinkage in women's brains as a result of pregnancy. Loss of gray matter in certain regions of the brain may make the brain more efficient and specialized for child-rearing. There is also evidence of links to long-term changes in brain. ](/news/2016/12/25/medical-research-reveals-shrinkage-in-womenas-brains-as-a-result-of-pregnancy-loss-of-gray-matter-in-certain-regions-of-the-brain-may-mak.md) _Context: pregnancy_
3. [In Brooklyn, New York 33 people are treated for a possible K2 overdose. The drug is illegal to sell or produce in the state. ](/news/2016/07/13/in-brooklyn-new-york-33-people-are-treated-for-a-possible-k2-overdose-the-drug-is-illegal-to-sell-or-produce-in-the-state.md) _Context: Brooklyn_
4. [Brazilian health officials announce 2,400 babies (up from 147 in 2014) have been born this year with microcephaly, a neurological disorder that can result in incomplete brain development which can be caused by the mosquito-borne Zika virus, and advise would-be parents, especially in the country's northeast where most of the cases occurred, to avoid pregnancy. ](/news/2015/12/23/brazilian-health-officials-announce-2-400-babies-up-from-147-in-2014-have-been-born-this-year-with-microcephaly-a-neurological-disorder-t.md) _Context: pregnancy_
5. [Research conducted by Columbus, Ohio's Nationwide Children's Hospital and published in the ''American Journal of Epidemiology'' suggests moderate caffeine consumption during pregnancy does not harm a baby's future intelligence or behavioral  health. ](/news/2015/11/21/research-conducted-by-columbus-ohio-s-nationwide-children-s-hospital-and-published-in-the-american-journal-of-epidemiology-suggests-mod.md) _Context: pregnancy_
6. [Lennart Anderson died at age 87 in Brooklyn, New York.  Also a teacher at several notable institutions such as Pratt Institute, the Art Students League of New York, Yale, Princeton, Columbia, and Brooklyn College, Anderson's influence was felt by generations of artists.](/news/2015/10/15/lennart-anderson-died-at-age-87-in-brooklyn-new-york-also-a-teacher-at-several-notable-institutions-such-as-pratt-institute-the-art-stud.md) _Context: Brooklyn_
7. [A street-corner sized sinkhole forms at the intersection of Fifth Avenue and 64th Street in Sunset Park in Brooklyn, New York City, ruining the street corner. The northbound N Broadway Local train undergoes delays; there is at least one disconnected pipe and some gas lines requiring repair by National Grid workers. Local police cordon off the area. No fatalities or injuries are reported. ](/news/2015/08/4/a-street-corner-sized-sinkhole-forms-at-the-intersection-of-fifth-avenue-and-64th-street-in-sunset-park-in-brooklyn-new-york-city-ruining.md) _Context: Brooklyn_
8. [Catriona Finlayson-Wilkins, 41, of England, becomes the first diabetic (she has Type I diabetes) to give birth naturally after using an artificial pancreas throughout her pregnancy. ](/news/2015/05/5/catriona-finlayson-wilkins-41-of-england-becomes-the-first-diabetic-she-has-type-i-diabetes-to-give-birth-naturally-after-using-an-arti.md) _Context: pregnancy_
9. [A fire in Brooklyn, New York kills seven children and leaves two others critically injured. ](/news/2015/03/21/a-fire-in-brooklyn-new-york-kills-seven-children-and-leaves-two-others-critically-injured.md) _Context: Brooklyn_
10. [After shooting and wounding his ex-girlfriend in Baltimore, Ismaaiyl Brinsley shoots and kills two policemen execution style in Brooklyn, New York, supposedly in revenge for the deaths of two black men in the U.S. reportedly caused by police officers during the summer of 2014, Eric Garner and Michael Brown. The gunman is later found dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound in the subway. ](/news/2014/12/20/after-shooting-and-wounding-his-ex-girlfriend-in-baltimore-ismaaiyl-brinsley-shoots-and-kills-two-policemen-execution-style-in-brooklyn-ne.md) _Context: Brooklyn_
