### [2014-08-23](/news/2014/08/23/index.md)

# Four additional Palestinians charged with collaborating with Israel are publicly executed outside of the Jabalia refugee camp by Hamas; the killings are denounced by the secretary-general of the PA, Tayeb Abdel Rahim, who compared them to ISIS. 

Tayeb Abdel Rahim calls killings of suspected collaborators with Israel &#8216;cold-blooded murders&#8217;; 22 said executed in past two days


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/aug/23/israel-admits-mortar-bomb-not-fired-un-school)
2. [Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/pa-official-says-hamas-executions-like-isis/)
2. [Cover Image](http://cdn.timesofisrael.com/uploads/2014/08/Screen-Shot-2014-08-22-at-10.00.36-PM-e1408733806792.png)

### Related:

1. [In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the-three-palestinian-assailants.md) _Context: Hamas, ISIL_
2. [At least 18 people are executed in public by Hamas after being accused of "collaborating" with Israel. Al Majd, a Hamas website, warns that future suspects will be dealt with "in the field" rather than the courts. ](/news/2014/08/22/at-least-18-people-are-executed-in-public-by-hamas-after-being-accused-of-collaborating-with-israel-al-majd-a-hamas-website-warns-that.md) _Context: 2014 Israel-Gaza conflict, Hamas_
3. [Hours before the expiration of the latest cease-fire Hamas claims responsibility for firing over 29 rockets into Israel reaching Jerusalem and Tel Aviv, Israel responds with airstrikes as the peace talks break down. ](/news/2014/08/19/hours-before-the-expiration-of-the-latest-cease-fire-hamas-claims-responsibility-for-firing-over-29-rockets-into-israel-reaching-jerusalem-a.md) _Context: 2014 Israel-Gaza conflict, Hamas_
4. [The Foreign Press Association issues a statement condemning Hamas for intimidation and censorship and not allowing an objective reporting of events. ](/news/2014/08/12/the-foreign-press-association-issues-a-statement-condemning-hamas-for-intimidation-and-censorship-and-not-allowing-an-objective-reporting-of.md) _Context: 2014 Israel-Gaza conflict, Hamas_
5. [Israel withholds 300 million NIS ($89 million) in tax and customs revenue collected on behalf of the Palestinians to the Palestinian Authority after Fatah and Hamas agree a unity deal intended to lead to a transitional government and fresh elections. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu expresses his disregard for the agreement. ](/news/2011/05/1/israel-withholds-300-million-nis-89-million-in-tax-and-customs-revenue-collected-on-behalf-of-the-palestinians-to-the-palestinian-authori.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian National Authority_
6. [Palestinian National Authority President Mahmoud Abbas says that general elections in September would be canceled if Hamas refused to allow voting in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2011/02/17/palestinian-national-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-says-that-general-elections-in-september-would-be-canceled-if-hamas-refused-to-allow.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian National Authority_
7. [ Six people are killed during battle between Hamas militants and the Palestinian National Authority's Preventive Security Service in the West Bank. ](/news/2009/05/31/six-people-are-killed-during-battle-between-hamas-militants-and-the-palestinian-national-authority-s-preventive-security-service-in-the-wes.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian National Authority_
8. [ An Israeli airstrike on the Gaza Strip city of Jabalia kills senior Hamas military commander Nizar Rayan and six members of his family. ](/news/2009/01/1/an-israeli-airstrike-on-the-gaza-strip-city-of-jabalia-kills-senior-hamas-military-commander-nizar-rayan-and-six-members-of-his-family.md) _Context: Hamas, Jabalia_
9. [ President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas states in a speech that "we have to bring down" Hamas. ](/news/2007/11/15/president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-states-in-a-speech-that-we-have-to-bring-down-hamas.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian National Authority_
10. [ Hamas militants are considering lighter ceasefire terms offered by Fatah, specifically Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. They are giving Israel until May 27 to respond to this agreement, that would only end Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip. Hamas has said, however, that they are not completely committed to their offer. Israeli attack helicopters launch missile strikes on a various facilities, including a security facility near Palestinian Prime Minister Haniyeh's home. At least three people are injured by the air strikes. ](/news/2007/05/26/hamas-militants-are-considering-lighter-ceasefire-terms-offered-by-fatah-specifically-palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-they-are-giving.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian National Authority_
