### [2014-08-23](/news/2014/08/23/index.md)

# Iraqi insurgency (2011-present):. The UN calls for action to prevent what it suspects may become a massacre in the northern Iraqi town of Amirli, which has been besieged by IS forces since June. 

A UN envoy calls for action to prevent what he says may be the possible massacre of Iraqis in the town of Amerli, besieged by Islamic State.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-28910674)
2. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/story/1323435/blasts-in-iraq-as-un-warns-of-town-massacre)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi insurgency (2011-present). The United Nations declares its highest state of emergency in Iraq following the advance of Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2014/08/14/iraqi-insurgency-2011-present-the-united-nations-declares-its-highest-state-of-emergency-in-iraq-following-the-advance-of-islamic-state.md) _Context: Iraqi insurgency (2011-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United Nations_
2. [Battle of Mosul. The United Nations announces expansion of civilian camps for people fleeing Mosul, following resumption of airstrikes on ISIL-held portions of the Iraqi city. ](/news/2017/04/4/battle-of-mosul-the-united-nations-announces-expansion-of-civilian-camps-for-people-fleeing-mosul-following-resumption-of-airstrikes-on-is.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United Nations_
3. [Syrian Civil War. Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United Nations_
4. [ Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Battle of Mosul (2016). The UN reports 232 civilians have been murdered in and near Mosul by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2016/10/28/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-battle-of-mosul-2016-the-un-reports-232-civilians-have-been-murdered-in-and-near-mosul-by-the-islamic.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United Nations_
5. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The United States launches airstrikes on ISIL positions in the Libyan city of Sirte following a request from the UN-backed Government of National Accord. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj, in a televised address, says the strikes have caused "heavy ISIL losses". ](/news/2016/08/1/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-united-states-launches-airstrikes-on-isil-positions-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte-following-a-request-f.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United Nations_
6. [Battle of Fallujah (2016). The United Nations reports 80,000 civilians have fled Fallujah, as Iraqi Army and Shia militias retake most of the city from ISIL. ](/news/2016/06/22/battle-of-fallujah-2016-the-united-nations-reports-80-000-civilians-have-fled-fallujah-as-iraqi-army-and-shia-militias-retake-most-of-th.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United Nations_
7. [Syrian Civil War. According to Russian ambassador to the United Nations Aleksi Borodavkin, the Syrian Army is preparing to launch an offensive against the ISIL strongholds of Al-Raqqah and the countryside around Deir ez-Zor and that the Russian Air Force will be providing the ground campaign with air support. ](/news/2016/04/29/syrian-civil-war-according-to-russian-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-aleksi-borodavkin-the-syrian-army-is-preparing-to-launch-an-offensi.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United Nations_
8. [The European Union offers to help the fledgling new UN-backed Libyan unity government with assistance in its security sector, managing migration, border management and police capacity building. This comes after Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj appealed to foreign governments for help in fighting ISIL and aid to rebuild the country. ](/news/2016/04/19/the-european-union-offers-to-help-the-fledgling-new-un-backed-libyan-unity-government-with-assistance-in-its-security-sector-managing-migra.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United Nations_
9. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian government airstrikes, and rockets from Islamist insurgents, hit many neighborhoods in Aleppo. Fatalities are reported on both sides of the city. This continued fighting threatens the truce and peace talks being held in Geneva, Switzerland. UN envoy Staffan de Mistura says he will meet the government delegation Monday, and will sit down with the main opposition High Negotiations Committee later in the week. ](/news/2016/04/16/syrian-civil-war-syrian-government-airstrikes-and-rockets-from-islamist-insurgents-hit-many-neighborhoods-in-aleppo-fatalities-are-repor.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United Nations_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Turkey refuses to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq despite being given a 48 hour ultimatum by Iraq to leave the country. Turkey says the troops are there as part of an international mission to train and equip Iraqi forces to fight against the Islamic State. The Iraqi government says it never invited such a force, and will take its case to the United Nations if they are not pulled out. ](/news/2015/12/7/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-turkey-refuses-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-despite-being-given-a-48-hour-ultimatum-by-iraq-t.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, United Nations_
