### [2003-09-25](/news/2003/09/25/index.md)

#  Natural disaster: An earthquake of magnitude 8.0 struck near the island of Hokkaido in Japan at 19:50:07 (UTC). A 7 ft tsunami was generated off the coast of Hokkaido as a result of the quake and tsunami warnings have been issued for most of the Pacific Rim, including Japan, Russia's eastern coast, Alaska, and Hawaii.




### Related:

1. [A 7.7 magnitude earthquake strikes off Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula, west of the Alaskan Aleutian Island of Attu, in the North Pacific Ocean. No immediate reports of casualties or damage; a tsunami warning was cancelled. ](/news/2017/07/18/a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-off-russia-s-kamchatka-peninsula-west-of-the-alaskan-aleutian-island-of-attu-in-the-north-pacific-ocean.md) _Context: Alaska, earthquake, tsunami_
2. [The Meteorological, Climatological and Geophysical Agency of Indonesia (BMKG) and the Australian Bureau of Meteorology (BOM) issue tsunami warnings, after an undersea 7.9 magnitude earthquake strikes southwest of Sumatra, in the Indian Ocean. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-meteorological-climatological-and-geophysical-agency-of-indonesia-bmkg-and-the-australian-bureau-of-meteorology-bom-issue-tsunami-w.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude, tsunami_
3. [A magnitude 7.1 earthquake strikes southwestern Alaska, leaving 10,000 in the Anchorage area without power and forcing the evacuation of several homes on the Kenai Peninsula. The National Weather Service reported that there was no tsunami following the earthquake. ](/news/2016/01/24/a-magnitude-7-1-earthquake-strikes-southwestern-alaska-leaving-10-000-in-the-anchorage-area-without-power-and-forcing-the-evacuation-of-sev.md) _Context: Alaska, earthquake, tsunami_
4. [2013 Solomon Islands earthquake: The death toll from a magnitude 8.0 earthquake and subsequent tsunami in the Solomon Islands rises to nine, while government officials express fear regarding remote areas where emergency personnel are arriving. ](/news/2013/02/7/2013-solomon-islands-earthquake-the-death-toll-from-a-magnitude-8-0-earthquake-and-subsequent-tsunami-in-the-solomon-islands-rises-to-nine.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude, tsunami_
5. [A tsunami warning is issued for a wide range of islands in the South Pacific after a magnitude 8.0 earthquake occurs off the coast of the Solomon Islands. ](/news/2013/02/6/a-tsunami-warning-is-issued-for-a-wide-range-of-islands-in-the-south-pacific-after-a-magnitude-8-0-earthquake-occurs-off-the-coast-of-the-so.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude, tsunami_
6. [A strong earthquake of magnitude 7.3 occurs off the coast of Japan near the city of Kamaishi, prompting the Japan Meteorological Agency to issue a tsunami warning. 10 people are taken to hospital with injuries, no fatalities reported. ](/news/2012/12/7/a-strong-earthquake-of-magnitude-7-3-occurs-off-the-coast-of-japan-near-the-city-of-kamaishi-prompting-the-japan-meteorological-agency-to-i.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude, tsunami_
7. [A magnitude 6.8 earthquake occurs off the coast of Japan causing a small tsunami that hits the coast of Aomori prefecture on the island of Hokkaido. ](/news/2012/03/14/a-magnitude-6-8-earthquake-occurs-off-the-coast-of-japan-causing-a-small-tsunami-that-hits-the-coast-of-aomori-prefecture-on-the-island-of-h.md) _Context: Hokkaido, earthquake, tsunami_
8. [A 7.3 magnitude earthquake offshore from the US northern state of Alaska leads to a tsunami warning being issued but it is later cancelled. ](/news/2011/06/23/a-7-3-magnitude-earthquake-offshore-from-the-us-northern-state-of-alaska-leads-to-a-tsunami-warning-being-issued-but-it-is-later-cancelled.md) _Context: Alaska, earthquake, tsunami_
9. [ A 6.6 magnitude earthquake hits near Ternate, Indonesia, followed by a 7.2 magnitude quake near Hokkaido, Japan. ](/news/2008/09/11/a-6-6-magnitude-earthquake-hits-near-ternate-indonesia-followed-by-a-7-2-magnitude-quake-near-hokkaido-japan.md) _Context: Hokkaido, earthquake, magnitude_
10. [ A series of earthquakes, the strongest being 6.1 magnitude, strikes the Okinawa island chain of Japan. A tsunami warning is issued but later cancelled. ](/news/2007/04/20/a-series-of-earthquakes-the-strongest-being-6-1-magnitude-strikes-the-okinawa-island-chain-of-japan-a-tsunami-warning-is-issued-but-late.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude, tsunami_
