### [2003-09-25](/news/2003/09/25/index.md)

#  Science - Space: Europe gets set for Moon mission. Rocket operators clear the Smart 1 probe to begin its lunar adventure on an Ariane 5 rocket from the Kourou spaceport in French Guiana. Smart 1 will test a novel type of propulsion system on its mission and map lunar surface features.




### Related:

1. [First flight of the ESC-A variant of the Ariane 5 is a failure, with the rocket and the two communications satellites it was carrying destroyed a few minutes after lift-off from Kourou, French Guiana.](/news/2002/12/11/first-flight-of-the-esc-a-variant-of-the-ariane-5-is-a-failure-with-the-rocket-and-the-two-communications-satellites-it-was-carrying-destro.md) _Context: Ariane 5, French Guiana, rocket_
2. [Azerbaijan's first satellite Azerspace-1 is launched aboard an Ariane 5 launch rocket in French Guiana. ](/news/2013/02/7/azerbaijan-s-first-satellite-azerspace-1-is-launched-aboard-an-ariane-5-launch-rocket-in-french-guiana.md) _Context: Ariane 5, French Guiana_
3. [ An Ariane 5 rocket launches the first Automated Transfer Vehicle, "Jules Verne", from the Guiana Space Centre in French Guiana. The spaceship will rendezvous with and provide supplies to the International Space Station on March 29. ](/news/2008/03/9/an-ariane-5-rocket-launches-the-first-automated-transfer-vehicle-jules-verne-from-the-guiana-space-centre-in-french-guiana-the-spacesh.md) _Context: Ariane 5, French Guiana_
4. [ A heavy-lift "Ariane 5" rocket blasts off from French Guiana putting into orbit two telecommunications satellites, Astra 1L and Galaxy 17. ](/news/2007/05/4/a-heavy-lift-ariane-5-rocket-blasts-off-from-french-guiana-putting-into-orbit-two-telecommunications-satellites-astra-1l-and-galaxy-17.md) _Context: Ariane 5, French Guiana_
5. [ The Ariane 5 rocket carrying the new generation Skynet 5 military satellite system is launched successfully from Kourou in French Guiana at 22:03 GMT. ](/news/2007/03/11/the-ariane-5-rocket-carrying-the-new-generation-skynet-5-military-satellite-system-is-launched-successfully-from-kourou-in-french-guiana-at.md) _Context: Ariane 5, French Guiana_
6. [ The launch of the European Space Agency's latest Ariane 5 mission from French Guiana, carrying a platform for the Skynet 5 military satellite system for use by the UK Ministry of Defence, is postponed due to a minor technical failure ](/news/2007/03/10/the-launch-of-the-european-space-agency-s-latest-ariane-5-mission-from-french-guiana-carrying-a-platform-for-the-skynet-5-military-satelli.md) _Context: Ariane 5, French Guiana_
7. [ India's most advanced INSAT-4A telecommunication satellite is successfully launched by the EADS SPACE Transportation generic rocket, Ariane 5, from the spaceport of Kourou in French Guiana. ](/news/2005/12/22/india-s-most-advanced-insat-4a-telecommunication-satellite-is-successfully-launched-by-the-eads-space-transportation-generic-rocket-ariane.md) _Context: Ariane 5, French Guiana_
8. [ Space: Europe has launched its first mission to the moon, using SMART-1, an unmanned probe.](/news/2003/09/28/space-europe-has-launched-its-first-mission-to-the-moon-using-smart-1-an-unmanned-probe.md) _Context: SMART-1, space_
9. [Asteroid 3122 Florence, which is roughly 2.7 miles (4.4 kilometers) wide, comes within 4.4 million miles (7 million km) of Earth -- approximately 18 times the distance from our planet to the Moon. ](/news/2017/09/1/asteroid-3122-florence-which-is-roughly-2-7-miles-4-4-kilometers-wide-comes-within-4-4-million-miles-7-million-km-of-earth-a-approxi.md) _Context: Moon_
10. [Brown University researchers discover that a substantial amount of water may be present beneath the surface of the Moon. ](/news/2017/07/24/brown-university-researchers-discover-that-a-substantial-amount-of-water-may-be-present-beneath-the-surface-of-the-moon.md) _Context: Moon_
