### [2003-09-25](/news/2003/09/25/index.md)

#  Shariah: An Islamic appeals court in northern Nigeria has acquitted single mother Amina Lawal. A Shariah court had sentenced her to death by stoning for adultery, but a five-judge panel rejected her March 2002 conviction under Shariah saying she was not given "ample opportunity to defend herself".




### Related:

1. [ The Nigerian government announces that last month, Nigerian Sharia courts sentenced two women, one of whom is pregnant, to death by stoning on charges of committing adultery, while acquitting the two men involved. The sentence may still be appealed. ](/news/2004/10/12/the-nigerian-government-announces-that-last-month-nigerian-sharia-courts-sentenced-two-women-one-of-whom-is-pregnant-to-death-by-stoning.md) _Context: Nigeria, adultery, stoning_
2. [Violence across Nigeria, between Islamic terrorists and the Nigerian military, kills dozens of people. ](/news/2014/03/3/violence-across-nigeria-between-islamic-terrorists-and-the-nigerian-military-kills-dozens-of-people.md) _Context: Islamic, Nigeria_
3. [In Nigeria, a clash between the military and Islamic extremists leaves at least 185 people dead. ](/news/2013/04/21/in-nigeria-a-clash-between-the-military-and-islamic-extremists-leaves-at-least-185-people-dead.md) _Context: Islamic, Nigeria_
4. [Iran's foreign ministry criticises state media for branding French first lady Carla Bruni as a "prostitute" over her support for Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani who faces death by stoning after being convicted of adultery. ](/news/2010/08/31/iran-s-foreign-ministry-criticises-state-media-for-branding-french-first-lady-carla-bruni-as-a-prostitute-over-her-support-for-sakineh-moh.md) _Context: adultery, stoning_
5. [Iran says no final decision has been made on the stoning of Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani, who was convicted of adultery. ](/news/2010/08/28/iran-says-no-final-decision-has-been-made-on-the-stoning-of-sakineh-mohammadi-ashtiani-who-was-convicted-of-adultery.md) _Context: adultery, stoning_
6. [Iran announces that a woman convicted of adultery will no longer face stoning to death after international concern. She may, however, still face the death penalty. ](/news/2010/07/9/iran-announces-that-a-woman-convicted-of-adultery-will-no-longer-face-stoning-to-death-after-international-concern-she-may-however-still.md) _Context: adultery, stoning_
7. [ Legislators in Aceh province in Indonesia pass a new law on stoning to death and other severe sentences for adultery, homosexuality and premarital sex. ](/news/2009/09/14/legislators-in-aceh-province-in-indonesia-pass-a-new-law-on-stoning-to-death-and-other-severe-sentences-for-adultery-homosexuality-and-pre.md) _Context: adultery, stoning_
8. [ The World Health Organization reports that worldwide polio cases rose by more than one-third in 2004, from 784 in 2003 to 1,185 last year. The increase is attributed to a boycott on vaccines in Kano, Nigeria led by a group of hard-line Islamic clerics who claim that vaccines are part of an American conspiracy. ](/news/2005/01/14/the-world-health-organization-reports-that-worldwide-polio-cases-rose-by-more-than-one-third-in-2004-from-784-in-2003-to-1-185-last-year.md) _Context: Islamic, Nigeria_
9. [Gunmen attack the Ogba Zoo in Benin City, Nigeria, killing three police officers and abduct the zoo's director. There is no information on who the gunmen and abductors are, or whether they have made any demands. ](/news/2017/09/25/gunmen-attack-the-ogba-zoo-in-benin-city-nigeria-killing-three-police-officers-and-abduct-the-zoo-s-director-there-is-no-information-on-w.md) _Context: Nigeria_
10. [A fire at an Islamic boarding school for boys kills 24 people, most of them students, in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. ](/news/2017/09/14/a-fire-at-an-islamic-boarding-school-for-boys-kills-24-people-most-of-them-students-in-kuala-lumpur-malaysia.md) _Context: Islamic_
