### [2003-09-25](/news/2003/09/25/index.md)

#  Terrorism: FBI probes Hamas-linked 'criminal enterprises' associated with the radical Islamic group Hamas that has taken responsibility for a string of bombings in Israel. Hamas also declares the organization would not participate with other Palestinian groups in a proposed cease-fire nor join the next Palestinian government. Sheik Ahmed Yassin states "the enemy is continuing his aggression, killing, and settlement activities."




### Related:

1. [Reuters reports that an Egyptian court has overturned a ruling that Hamas is a terrorist organisation. ](/news/2015/06/6/reuters-reports-that-an-egyptian-court-has-overturned-a-ruling-that-hamas-is-a-terrorist-organisation.md) _Context: Hamas, terrorism_
2. [ Russian prosecutors launch a terrorism investigation after an improvised bomb derailed an overnight express train near the village of Malaya Vishera in the Novgorod region. ](/news/2007/08/14/russian-prosecutors-launch-a-terrorism-investigation-after-an-improvised-bomb-derailed-an-overnight-express-train-near-the-village-of-malay.md) _Context: bomb, terrorism_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The United States vetoes a United Nations Security Council resolution (sponsored by Algeria and Libya) condemning the killing by Israel of Sheikh Ahmed Yassin along with six other Palestinians outside a mosque in Gaza City and calling for a complete cessation of executions. The veto is publicly motivated by the resolution making no mention of suicide bombings committed by Hamas and attributed to Yassin. 11 votes are recorded in favour, with three (United Kingdom, Germany, and Romania) abstaining and one (the United States) against. ](/news/2004/03/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-united-states-vetoes-a-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-algeria-and-libya-condem.md) _Context: Ahmed Yassin, Hamas_
4. [ The Kuwaiti newspaper "A-Siasa" reports that Palestinian and international terrorist organizations have decided at a recent Beirut conference to launch a wave of terror attacks against Israeli and Jewish interests worldwide. According to the report, there will also be similar attacks against coalition troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. The conference, which took place at the start of February, was also said to have been attended by senior members of the Syrian, Lebanese and Iranian intelligence services who presented a list of Israeli intelligence officials to be assassinated. Organizations in attendance included: Al-Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, Hezbollah, Hamas, Islamic Jihad. ](/news/2004/02/19/the-kuwaiti-newspaper-a-siasa-reports-that-palestinian-and-international-terrorist-organizations-have-decided-at-a-recent-beirut-conferen.md) _Context: Hamas, terrorism_
5. [ Sheik Ahmed Yassin, leader of Hamas, announces that his group is making an all-out effort to kidnap Israeli soldiers to use as bargaining chips for Palestinians in Israeli prisons, following the prisoner exchange between Israel and Hezbollah in which the remains of three Israeli soldiers and a businessman were exchanged for over 400 prisoners on January 29, 2004.](/news/2004/01/30/sheik-ahmed-yassin-leader-of-hamas-announces-that-his-group-is-making-an-all-out-effort-to-kidnap-israeli-soldiers-to-use-as-bargaining-c.md) _Context: Ahmed Yassin, Hamas_
6. [ Reem El-Reyashi, a Palestinian suicide bomber, kills four border guards at the Erez Crossing. She is the first female suicide bomber used by Hamas. Four months before, Israel targeted Hamas leadership, including Ahmed Yassin, as a result Hamas halted all suicide bombing for four months. Jack Kelley, USA TODAY foreign correspondent and a finalist for a Pulitzer Prize just two years ago, was forced to resign after the newspaper determined he repeatedly misled editors during an internal investigation into stories he wrote. Among the stories that are being investigated is one published September 4, 2001, contains an account of an attack on Palestinians by 13 Jewish settlers in the West Bank. Mark Memmott, the reporter asked to investigate Kelley, said he could not find anyone with first-hand knowledge of the attack.](/news/2004/01/14/reem-el-reyashi-a-palestinian-suicide-bomber-kills-four-border-guards-at-the-erez-crossing-she-is-the-first-female-suicide-bomber-used-b.md) _Context: Ahmed Yassin, Hamas_
7. [ War on Terrorism: European Union foreign ministers denounce the political wing of Hamas as a terrorist organization following the group's claim of responsibility for a truce-shattering bomb attack in Jerusalem.](/news/2003/09/6/war-on-terrorism-european-union-foreign-ministers-denounce-the-political-wing-of-hamas-as-a-terrorist-organization-following-the-group-s-c.md) _Context: Hamas, terrorism_
8. [ War on Terrorism: An Israeli warplane drops a relatively small bomb on a house in Gaza City (in an effort to avoid killing innocents, according to military sources who spoke to AP), lightly wounding Hamas founder Sheik Ahmed Yassin and 15 other people in an airstrike that Israeli officials confirm was an attempt to wipe out the Islamic group's top leaders as they assemble for a meeting.](/news/2003/09/6/war-on-terrorism-an-israeli-warplane-drops-a-relatively-small-bomb-on-a-house-in-gaza-city-in-an-effort-to-avoid-killing-innocents-accor.md) _Context: Ahmed Yassin, Hamas_
9. [ War on Terrorism: An Israeli warplane targeted the apartment building which is home of the senior Hamas leader, Mahmoud al-Zahar, in Gaza. Al-Zahar is lightly wounded; his adult son and a bodyguard are killed in the attack. A half-ton bomb destroys the building, marking the first time a Hamas leader has been attacked in his home, an escalation of Israel's campaign against the group. Twenty-five people were wounded, including Zahar's wife and a daughter.](/news/2003/09/10/war-on-terrorism-an-israeli-warplane-targeted-the-apartment-building-which-is-home-of-the-senior-hamas-leader-mahmoud-al-zahar-in-gaza.md) _Context: Hamas, bomb_
10. [ Terrorism: The leader of Hamas, says that its jihad will continue, and that the group may now attack Israeli homes. The military wing of the group has threatened to change tactics by attacking Israeli houses and buildings after Israel tried to kill Hamas political leader.](/news/2003/09/10/terrorism-the-leader-of-hamas-says-that-its-jihad-will-continue-and-that-the-group-may-now-attack-israeli-homes-the-military-wing-of-th.md) _Context: Hamas, terrorism_
