
Formats: [HTML](/news/2003/09/25/the-u-s-district-court-in-denver-rules-that-the-national-do-not-call-registry-would-violate-the-first-amendment-since-it-contains-exceptio.html)  [JSON](/news/2003/09/25/the-u-s-district-court-in-denver-rules-that-the-national-do-not-call-registry-would-violate-the-first-amendment-since-it-contains-exceptio.json)  [XML](/news/2003/09/25/the-u-s-district-court-in-denver-rules-that-the-national-do-not-call-registry-would-violate-the-first-amendment-since-it-contains-exceptio.xml)  

### [2003-09-25](/news/2003/09/25/index.md)

##### U.S. District Court
#  The U.S. District Court in Denver rules that the National Do Not Call Registry would violate the First Amendment since it contains exceptions for certain unsolicited calls. Thus, the Federal Trade Commission is currently prohibited from implementing the registry.




### Related:

1. [ Judge Lee Roy West of the United States District Court for the Western District of Oklahoma rules that the Federal Trade Commission lacks the authority to create the National Do Not Call Registry. The ruling came in response to a suit filed by the telemarketing industry.](/news/2003/09/24/judge-lee-roy-west-of-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-western-district-of-oklahoma-rules-that-the-federal-trade-commission-lacks-t.md) _Context: National Do Not Call Registry, U.S. Federal Trade Commission_
2. [ The United States Federal Trade Commission opens the National Do Not Call Registry. This registry gives consumers an opportunity to limit the telemarketing calls they receive. On October 1, 2003, when the National Do Not Call Registry became enforced, most telemarketers were required to remove the numbers on the registry from their call lists. See http:--donotcall.gov- or call 1-888 382-1222 for registration.,](/news/2003/06/27/the-united-states-federal-trade-commission-opens-the-national-do-not-call-registry-this-registry-gives-consumers-an-opportunity-to-limit-t.md) _Context: National Do Not Call Registry, U.S. Federal Trade Commission_
3. [The Slants win their case with the Supreme Court of the United States that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office's rejection of their trademark under the Lanham Act due to their name being "disparaging" is an unconstitutional violation of their free speech rights under the First Amendment. ](/news/2017/06/19/the-slants-win-their-case-with-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-that-the-u-s-patent-and-trademark-office-s-rejection-of-their-tradema.md) _Context: First Amendment_
4. [Turkey summons United States Ambassador John R. Bass to protest alleged "aggressive and unprofessional actions" by American security personnel against Turkish bodyguards, calling for the United States to conduct a full investigation on the May 17 clashes. The American ambassador told Turkey's government that its guards violated U.S. laws. Last week, the U.S. summoned Turkish Ambassador Serdar Kilic to discuss about Turkish security officers hitting and kicking peaceful protesters outside the Turkish ambassador's residence in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2017/05/22/turkey-summons-united-states-ambassador-john-r-bass-to-protest-alleged-aggressive-and-unprofessional-actions-by-american-security-personn.md) _Context: First Amendment_
5. [Uber agrees to pay $20 million to settle U.S. Federal Trade Commission claims the company exaggerated prospective earnings and downplayed the costs of buying-leasing a car when recruiting new drivers. ](/news/2017/01/19/uber-agrees-to-pay-20-million-to-settle-u-s-federal-trade-commission-claims-the-company-exaggerated-prospective-earnings-and-downplayed-th.md) _Context: U.S. Federal Trade Commission_
