### [2004-06-11](/news/2004/06/11/index.md)

#  Eleven Chinese road construction workers and an Afghan guard are murdered in their sleep 20 mi south of the Afghan city of Kunduz. Four more Chinese are hospitalized for wounds suffered in the same attack. The dead are among more than 100 engineers and workers engaged on a World Bank project to build a road from Kabul to the Tajikistan border. Mullah Dadullah, one of the top Taliban commanders, recently issued orders to his fighters to strike at road builders. 

Massacre of 11 Chinese road construction workers and Afghan guard as they slept in tents south of Kunduz is deadliest attack on foreigners since fall of Taliban; photo; map; more than 100 Chiense are with World Bank project to rebuild key road in Afghanistan (M)


### Source:

1. [NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/2004/06/11/international/asia/11afgh.html)

### Related:

1. [Carrying coffins holding the beheaded bodies of seven ethnic Hazara, thousands of demonstrators from Afghanistan's different ethnic groups - Pashtun, Tajik, Uzbek, and Hazara - march on the Presidential Palace in Kabul, urging the government to take action against the rising violence against Afghan civilians. The murders, which the United Nations denounced as a potential war crime, have fueled a growing sense of insecurity since the Taliban briefly seized control of Kunduz in late September. ](/news/2015/11/11/carrying-coffins-holding-the-beheaded-bodies-of-seven-ethnic-hazara-thousands-of-demonstrators-from-afghanistan-s-different-ethnic-groups.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kabul, Kunduz, Taliban_
2. [ Suspect Taliban militants kill nine and kidnap 170 in an attack on three passenger buses in Kunduz, Afghanistan. ](/news/2016/05/31/suspect-taliban-militants-kill-nine-and-kidnap-170-in-an-attack-on-three-passenger-buses-in-kunduz-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kunduz, Taliban_
3. [Heavy fighting continues in the north of Afghanistan as Taliban fighters intensify their attacks in several districts around Kunduz in their bid to retake the city. According to a police chief, militants overnight attacked several police checkpoints in the southwest outskirts of the city while government forces repelled a major attack to the east of Kunduz. ](/news/2016/04/17/heavy-fighting-continues-in-the-north-of-afghanistan-as-taliban-fighters-intensify-their-attacks-in-several-districts-around-kunduz-in-their.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kunduz, Taliban_
4. [According to a police chief, at least 40 Taliban fighters are killed after launching an offensive against Afghan security forces to seize the strategic northern city of Kunduz while four security force personnel are also killed. ](/news/2016/04/16/according-to-a-police-chief-at-least-40-taliban-fighters-are-killed-after-launching-an-offensive-against-afghan-security-forces-to-seize-th.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kunduz, Taliban_
5. [A battle rages in the Kunduz Province of Afghanistan as the Taliban launches its spring offensive to capture the city of Kunduz. According to a Taliban spokesperson, several outposts already fell to them but this could not be verified immediately while a police chief says that the security forces were keeping "the situation under control". ](/news/2016/04/15/a-battle-rages-in-the-kunduz-province-of-afghanistan-as-the-taliban-launches-its-spring-offensive-to-capture-the-city-of-kunduz-according-t.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kunduz, Taliban_
6. [The Taliban, in a statement claiming responsibility for yesterday's rocket attacks into Kabul, Afghanistan, says the intended target was U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, who was in the capital to help defuse a crisis within the unity government. Kerry had departed less than an hour earlier. No casualties have been reported. ](/news/2016/04/10/the-taliban-in-a-statement-claiming-responsibility-for-yesterday-s-rocket-attacks-into-kabul-afghanistan-says-the-intended-target-was-u-s.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kabul, Taliban_
7. [The United Nations mission in Afghanistan reports 289 civilians were killed ("301 with MSF update") and 559 injured during fighting in Kunduz between Taliban militants and Afghan National Security Forces in September and October. The U.N. says these numbers include casualties from the friendly-fire attack on the Doctors Without Borders hospital and noted the totals were likely to rise as more information becomes available. ](/news/2015/12/12/the-united-nations-mission-in-afghanistan-reports-289-civilians-were-killed-301-with-msf-update-and-559-injured-during-fighting-in-kundu.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kunduz, Taliban_
8. [An earthquake measuring 7.5 on the Moment magnitude scale (MMS) strikes in the Hindu Kush mountain range in northeastern Afghanistan, 158 miles from Kabul, in the remote province of Badakhshan, one of Afghanistan's most inaccessible regions. Tremors reached as far as New Delhi, India. At least 263 are dead in Afghanistan and nearby northern Pakistan with more than 1,000 injured. The death toll will likely climb since communications in much of the affected areas are cut, and rescue teams had not yet reached districts closest to the epicenter, including some that are controlled by Taliban insurgents. ](/news/2015/10/26/an-earthquake-measuring-7-5-on-the-moment-magnitude-scale-mms-strikes-in-the-hindu-kush-mountain-range-in-northeastern-afghanistan-158-mi.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kabul, Taliban_
9. [The Taliban seize control of the provincial capital of Kunduz in northern Afghanistan. Locals say militants have raised their flag above the city's main square. ](/news/2015/09/28/the-taliban-seize-control-of-the-provincial-capital-of-kunduz-in-northern-afghanistan-locals-say-militants-have-raised-their-flag-above-the.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kunduz, Taliban_
10. [A suicide car bomber hits the headquarters of EUPOL Afghanistan in Kabul, Afghanistan, killing one person and injuring five others. The Taliban have claimed responsibility. ](/news/2015/01/5/a-suicide-car-bomber-hits-the-headquarters-of-eupol-afghanistan-in-kabul-afghanistan-killing-one-person-and-injuring-five-others-the-tali.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Kabul, Taliban_
