### [2004-04-14](/news/2004/04/14/index.md)

#  2004 South African legislative election: The African National Congress (ANC) of President Thabo Mbeki, which has been in power since the end of the apartheid system in 1994, is re-elected with an increased majority. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/africa/04/15/safrica.elections/)

### Related:

1. [With more than half the vote counted, the ruling African National Congress (ANC) is ahead on 53.2 percent of the vote which, if this trend continues, will be the first election since the end of apartheid in 1994 that the ANC receives less than 60 percent. The opposition Democratic Alliance, with about 28 percent of the vote nationally, has gained the lead in three major cities: Pretoria, Johannesburg, and Port Elizabeth. Final results are expected Friday. ](/news/2016/08/4/with-more-than-half-the-vote-counted-the-ruling-african-national-congress-anc-is-ahead-on-53-2-percent-of-the-vote-which-if-this-trend-c.md) _Context: African National Congress, apartheid_
2. [ South Africa's ruling African National Congress party names deputy president Kgalema Motlanthe as the successor to President Thabo Mbeki. ](/news/2008/09/22/south-africa-s-ruling-african-national-congress-party-names-deputy-president-kgalema-motlanthe-as-the-successor-to-president-thabo-mbeki.md) _Context: African National Congress, Thabo Mbeki_
3. [ South African President Thabo Mbeki agrees to resign after the ruling African National Congress requested him to step down.](/news/2008/09/20/south-african-president-thabo-mbeki-agrees-to-resign-after-the-ruling-african-national-congress-requested-him-to-step-down.md) _Context: African National Congress, Thabo Mbeki_
4. [ The South African New National Party, successor to the National Party which governed in the apartheid era, votes to dissolve itself following poor results in last year's elections. Its elected representatives are expected to join the governing African National Congress. ](/news/2005/04/9/the-south-african-new-national-party-successor-to-the-national-party-which-governed-in-the-apartheid-era-votes-to-dissolve-itself-followi.md) _Context: African National Congress, apartheid_
5. [ South Africa decides to recognize the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic (SADR) because Morocco refuse to discuss the territory self-determination.""Once that process was stopped and Baker resigned and Morocco said its (sovereignty claim) was not negotiable, then we were left with no choice"" declared Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma. Recognition of the SADR by South Africa had been promised by Nelson Mandela in 1994, but had been postponed by pressures from other countries, as the United States, France or Palestine. Thabo Mbeki stated on a speech to the Pan-African Parliament that the international community should press for Western Sahara's self-determination in the same way as it had done to end South Africa's apartheid. Morocco reacted recalling its ambassador in South Africa for consultations, considering the recognition "partial, surprising and inopportune". ](/news/2004/09/15/south-africa-decides-to-recognize-the-sahrawi-arab-democratic-republic-sadr-because-morocco-refuse-to-discuss-the-territory-self-determin.md) _Context: Thabo Mbeki, apartheid_
6. [ A former ANC intelligence operative appears in a South African Court on Monday in connection with an alleged plot to oust or kill President Thabo Mbeki.](/news/2003/11/24/a-former-anc-intelligence-operative-appears-in-a-south-african-court-on-monday-in-connection-with-an-alleged-plot-to-oust-or-kill-president.md) _Context: African National Congress, Thabo Mbeki_
7. [The South African Parliament debates a minority motion to impeach President Jacob Zuma following last week's Constitutional Court judgment that Zuma had violated the constitution in a spending scandal involving the president's private home. The African National Congress has a 249 - 151 majority, making this motion's chance of gaining a two-thirds majority unlikely. ](/news/2016/04/5/the-south-african-parliament-debates-a-minority-motion-to-impeach-president-jacob-zuma-following-last-week-s-constitutional-court-judgment-t.md) _Context: African National Congress_
8. [The Parliament of South Africa announces it will debate a motion to impeach President Jacob Zuma this coming Tuesday. This comes after Zuma is facing mounting pressure when the Constitutional Court ruled that Zuma violated the constitution by using state funds to renovate his mansion. Yesterday, anti-apartheid veteran Ahmed Kathrada joined opposition leaders in calling for Zuma's resignation. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-parliament-of-south-africa-announces-it-will-debate-a-motion-to-impeach-president-jacob-zuma-this-coming-tuesday-this-comes-after-zuma.md) _Context: apartheid_
9. [Justice Minister Michael Masutha paroles South African apartheid-era death squad commander Eugene de Kock, nicknamed "Prime Evil", after having served 20 years for killing activists. ](/news/2015/01/30/justice-minister-michael-masutha-paroles-south-african-apartheid-era-death-squad-commander-eugene-de-kock-nicknamed-prime-evil-after-hav.md) _Context: apartheid_
10. [Incumbent President of South Africa Jacob Zuma wins a landslide victory in the African National Congress leadership contest opening the way for likely reelection in 2014. ](/news/2012/12/18/incumbent-president-of-south-africa-jacob-zuma-wins-a-landslide-victory-in-the-african-national-congress-leadership-contest-opening-the-way.md) _Context: African National Congress_
