### [2004-04-14](/news/2004/04/14/index.md)

#  Hungarian police detain a Hungarian citizen of Palestinian origin and two Syrian men who are alleged to have been planning to blow up a Jewish museum in Budapest and assassinate Israeli president Moshe Kutsuv who arrived to attend the museum's inauguration ceremony. 




### Source:

1. [HaAretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/415000.html)

### Related:

1. [The Momentum Movement holds a pro-EU, anti-Russia march attended by approximately 10,000 in Budapest, Hungary, chanting "Europe, not Moscow" in support of the EU and against Prime Minister Viktor Orban. ](/news/2017/05/1/the-momentum-movement-holds-a-pro-eu-anti-russia-march-attended-by-approximately-10-000-in-budapest-hungary-chanting-aeurope-not-mosco.md) _Context: Budapest, Hungary_
2. [Researchers from Konkoly Observatory in Budapest, Hungary, reveal that (225088) 2007 OR10 is the third largest dwarf planet in the solar system. ](/news/2016/05/12/researchers-from-konkoly-observatory-in-budapest-hungary-reveal-that-225088-2007-or10-is-the-third-largest-dwarf-planet-in-the-solar-sys.md) _Context: Budapest, Hungary_
3. [Following Austria's and Germany's decision to waive their asylum system rules, approximately 6,500 migrants - mostly from Syria, Iraq, and Afghanistan - arrive in Vienna. They traveled from Hungary by bus, train or on foot. The migrants were given the opportunity to register in Austria or move on to Germany. ](/news/2015/09/5/following-austria-s-and-germany-s-decision-to-waive-their-asylum-system-rules-approximately-6-500-migrants-a-mostly-from-syria-iraq-and.md) _Context: Hungary, Syria_
4. [Three people are killed in a stampede at a three-storey nightclub in the Hungarian capital Budapest. ](/news/2011/01/16/three-people-are-killed-in-a-stampede-at-a-three-storey-nightclub-in-the-hungarian-capital-budapest.md) _Context: Budapest, Hungary_
5. [ Hungarian police use water cannon and tear gas to disperse a crowd of anti-government protestors in Budapest. ](/news/2007/03/15/hungarian-police-use-water-cannon-and-tear-gas-to-disperse-a-crowd-of-anti-government-protestors-in-budapest.md) _Context: Budapest, Hungary_
6. [ 2006 protests in Hungary: demonstrations continue in Hungary peacefully to enforce the resignation of the Gyurcsny-government. The demonstrators expressed their regret on the vandalism done at the Hungarian Television's headquarters last night. In the meantime, farmers announced that they will close roads in the countryside and around Budapest. ](/news/2006/09/19/2006-protests-in-hungary-demonstrations-continue-in-hungary-peacefully-to-enforce-the-resignation-of-the-gyurcsany-government-the-demonst.md) _Context: Budapest, Hungary_
7. [ Peaceful demonstrations began in Budapest and several cities of the countryside against the government in Hungary. On September 17th, 2006, an audio recording surfaced from a closed floor meeting after the Hungarian Socialist Party won the elections and before they announced several restraints on which Prime Minister Gyurcsny said, that "[...] Evidently, we lied throughout the last year-and-a-half, two years. It was totally clear that what we are saying is not true. [...]" Demonstrators demand a new election. ](/news/2006/09/18/peaceful-demonstrations-began-in-budapest-and-several-cities-of-the-countryside-against-the-government-in-hungary-on-september-17th-2006.md) _Context: Budapest, Hungary_
8. [ A Palestinian Fatah gunman infiltrates the Golan Heights from Syria and attacks an IDF outpost near the border. The outpost commander manages to disarm the gunman and arrest him. The IDF will investigate how the 21-year-old man, draped in a Palestinian flag, managed to penetrate so deep without being detected earlier. ](/news/2005/04/15/a-palestinian-fatah-gunman-infiltrates-the-golan-heights-from-syria-and-attacks-an-idf-outpost-near-the-border-the-outpost-commander-manag.md) _Context: Palestinian, Syria_
9. [ Osama Mattar, a Palestinian Hamas activist held in custody in an Israeli prison, claims that he received militant training in Syria, Syria and Hamas claim no such training takes place. ](/news/2005/03/30/osama-mattar-a-palestinian-hamas-activist-held-in-custody-in-an-israeli-prison-claims-that-he-received-militant-training-in-syria-syria.md) _Context: Palestinian, Syria_
10. [ The Kuwaiti newspaper "A-Siasa" reports that Palestinian and international terrorist organizations have decided at a recent Beirut conference to launch a wave of terror attacks against Israeli and Jewish interests worldwide. According to the report, there will also be similar attacks against coalition troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. The conference, which took place at the start of February, was also said to have been attended by senior members of the Syrian, Lebanese and Iranian intelligence services who presented a list of Israeli intelligence officials to be assassinated. Organizations in attendance included: Al-Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, Hezbollah, Hamas, Islamic Jihad. ](/news/2004/02/19/the-kuwaiti-newspaper-a-siasa-reports-that-palestinian-and-international-terrorist-organizations-have-decided-at-a-recent-beirut-conferen.md) _Context: Palestinian, Syria_
