### [2004-04-14](/news/2004/04/14/index.md)

#  John Ashcroft tells the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States that he blames former president Bill Clinton for intelligence failures and Jamie S. Gorelick for organizational failures leading to the September 11, 2001 attacks. 




### Source:

1. [Democracy Now!](http://www.democracynow.org/article.pl?sid=04/04/14/1612210)
2. [Washington Times](http://www.washtimes.com/national/20040414-124718-2114r.htm)

### Related:

1. [ 9-11 Commission member Jamie S. Gorelick receives death threats after allegations that her actions to keep law-enforcement from using military intelligence may have contributed to lapses leading to the attacks. Meanwhile, the "Washington Times" reports allegations by former FBI Director Thomas J. Pickard that Gorelick resisted efforts by the FBI to expand the counterterrorism effort beyond simple law enforcement tactics and agencies. ](/news/2004/04/18/9-11-commission-member-jamie-s-gorelick-receives-death-threats-after-allegations-that-her-actions-to-keep-law-enforcement-from-using-milit.md) _Context: 9/11 Commission, Jamie S. Gorelick, September 11, 2001 attacks_
2. [ Sandy Berger resigns as a foreign affairs advisor to John Kerry's presidential campaign after it is reported that Berger was under investigation for allegedly illegally taking classified documents belonging to the U.S. National Archives, intended for review by the 9/11 Commission, related to the Clinton administration's handling of millennium terror threats. ](/news/2004/07/20/sandy-berger-resigns-as-a-foreign-affairs-advisor-to-john-kerry-s-presidential-campaign-after-it-is-reported-that-berger-was-under-investig.md) _Context: 9/11 Commission, Bill Clinton_
3. [ The US's 9/11 Commission states that although meetings between al Qaeda representatives and Iraqi government officials had taken place, it has found "no credible evidence" of a "collaborative relationship" between Saddam Hussein's Iraq and al Qaeda in the 9/11 attacks or in any other strike against U.S. interests. It also finds that the original plan involved ten jets and that there was dispute within the terrorist network about its implementation until only shortly before September 11. ](/news/2004/06/16/the-us-s-9-11-commission-states-that-although-meetings-between-al-qaeda-representatives-and-iraqi-government-officials-had-taken-place-it.md) _Context: 9/11 Commission, September 11, 2001 attacks_
4. [ Federal commissioners investigating the September 11, 2001 attacks look into the 6,000 documents from former President Bill Clinton's presidential archive. ](/news/2004/04/2/federal-commissioners-investigating-the-september-11-2001-attacks-look-into-the-6-000-documents-from-former-president-bill-clinton-s-presi.md) _Context: Bill Clinton, September 11, 2001 attacks_
5. [ Responding to requests by the September 11th Commission, the White House releases a newly declassified President's Daily Brief from a month before the September 11, 2001 attacks warning of possible al-Qaeda activity, including planned hijackings, within the United States. ](/news/2004/04/10/responding-to-requests-by-the-september-11th-commission-the-white-house-releases-a-newly-declassified-president-s-daily-brief-from-a-month.md) _Context: 9/11 Commission, September 11, 2001 attacks_
6. [ United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld and Secretary of State Colin Powell defend their pre-September 11 actions, saying that even if Osama bin Laden had been killed, the attacks on the World Trade Center and The Pentagon would have still occurred. Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright and former Secretary of Defense William Cohen also testify before the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States. ](/news/2004/03/23/united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-and-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-defend-their-pre-september-11-actions-saying-that-e.md) _Context: 9/11 Commission, September 11, 2001 attacks_
7. [World leaders such as Bill Clinton, Emmanuel Macron, Theresa May, Dmitry Medvedev and Angela Merkel attend the memorial service for the former West German leader Helmut Kohl. ](/news/2017/07/1/world-leaders-such-as-bill-clinton-emmanuel-macron-theresa-may-dmitry-medvedev-and-angela-merkel-attend-the-memorial-service-for-the-form.md) _Context: Bill Clinton_
8. [Monica Lewinsky releases a book recalling her affair with then United States President Bill Clinton. ](/news/2014/05/6/monica-lewinsky-releases-a-book-recalling-her-affair-with-then-united-states-president-bill-clinton.md) _Context: Bill Clinton_
9. [U.S. District Judge William Pauley rules that the country's National Security Agency (NSA) acted lawfully, within the limits of the U.S. Constitution, when, after the September 11, 2001 attacks, it began an en masse bulk collection of metadata from American telephone records. The opinion, which throws out an ACLU lawsuit for now, is in contrast to Judge Richard Leon's earlier ruling in another district. ](/news/2013/12/27/u-s-district-judge-william-pauley-rules-that-the-country-s-national-security-agency-nsa-acted-lawfully-within-the-limits-of-the-u-s-con.md) _Context: September 11, 2001 attacks_
10. [Former U.S. president Bill Clinton is paid $500,000 to give a speech in honour of Israeli president Shimon Peres. ](/news/2013/06/3/former-u-s-president-bill-clinton-is-paid-500-000-to-give-a-speech-in-honour-of-israeli-president-shimon-peres.md) _Context: Bill Clinton_
