### [2009-05-22](/news/2009/05/22/index.md)

#  Former Special Air Service officer John Wick is revealed as the whistleblower behind the United Kingdom Parliament's expenses controversy. 

John Wick, the former SAS officer who blew the whistle on the MPs&rsquo; expenses scandal, speaks out for the first time to reveal why he decided to expose the system to its &ldquo;rotten core&rdquo;.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/8064731.stm)
2. [Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/mps-expenses/5369066/MPs-expenses-whistleblower-John-Wick-on-why-he-set-the-scandal-running.html)

### Related:

1. [The Trump Administration announces this year's presidential state visit to the United Kingdom is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting.  ](/news/2017/07/11/the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-is-delayed-until-at-least-2018-both-the-white.md) _Context: Britain, Parliament_
2. [A petition, launched Sunday to cancel U.S. President Donald Trump's state visit to the United Kingdom later this year, tops 1 million signatures, passing the threshold  for British Parliament debate.  A British government spokesman says the state visit is going ahead as planned. ](/news/2017/01/30/a-petition-launched-sunday-to-cancel-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-later-this-year-tops-1-million-signat.md) _Context: Britain, Parliament_
3. [On January 18, 2016, the British Parliament will debate a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the United Kingdom because of 'hate speech' that is unacceptable behavior, non-conducive to the public good. The  conclusion reached by the lawmakers will not be binding on the UK government. ](/news/2016/01/5/on-january-18-2016-the-british-parliament-will-debate-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-home-secretary-to-ba.md) _Context: Britain, Parliament_
4. [The British Parliament debates a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban,  because of 'hate speech,' United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump  from entering the United Kingdom. Almost all of the 50 MPs (member of parliament), of the 650-member legislative body, present  criticized Trump -- especially his comments on Muslims -- but few supported an entry ban. ](/news/2016/01/18/the-british-parliament-debates-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-home-secretary-to-ban-because-of-hate-spee.md) _Context: Britain, Parliament_
5. [Britain is reviewing the powers of the House of Lords after the unelected peers stalled legislation yesterday that would have eliminated some tax allowances for the nation's poor. Senior Conservatives say the upper chamber of Parliament stepped out of their usual roles as technical overseers of legislation. However,  Conservative MP David Davis warned that such a move was "bully politics" that would "disgust" the public. ](/news/2015/10/27/britain-is-reviewing-the-powers-of-the-house-of-lords-after-the-unelected-peers-stalled-legislation-yesterday-that-would-have-eliminated-som.md) _Context: Britain, Parliament_
6. [In the United Kingdom, the unelected House of Lords, Parliament's upper house,  delays by three years reductions in tax credits paid to working people that would have cost affected families an average of PS1,300 ($2,000) a year. This is the first major setback for George Osborne, Chancellor of the Exchequer, since the general election. Osborne said the government will "lessen" the impact of tax credit cuts for those affected, while vowing to press on with changes designed to save billions from welfare. ](/news/2015/10/26/in-the-united-kingdom-the-unelected-house-of-lords-parliamentas-upper-house-delays-by-three-years-reductions-in-tax-credits-paid-to-wo.md) _Context: Britain, Parliament_
7. [Two British soldiers die during a training exercise as they take part in a gruelling selection process for the elite SAS unit on the hottest day of the year. ](/news/2013/07/15/two-british-soldiers-die-during-a-training-exercise-as-they-take-part-in-a-gruelling-selection-process-for-the-elite-sas-unit-on-the-hottest.md) _Context: Britain, SAS_
8. [The Parliament of the United Kingdom gather for a special session to debate the legacy of former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher. ](/news/2013/04/10/the-parliament-of-the-united-kingdom-gather-for-a-special-session-to-debate-the-legacy-of-former-prime-minister-margaret-thatcher.md) _Context: Britain, Parliament_
9. [Britain's three main political parties order their MPs to vote against a Parliamentary motion calling for a referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union, due to be debated on Monday. ](/news/2011/10/20/britain-s-three-main-political-parties-order-their-mps-to-vote-against-a-parliamentary-motion-calling-for-a-referendum-on-the-uk-s-membershi.md) _Context: Britain, Parliament_
10. [Former United Kingdom Labour Party MP Elliot Morley is jailed for 16 months for dishonestly claiming more than PS30,000 in parliamentary expenses. ](/news/2011/05/20/former-united-kingdom-labour-party-mp-elliot-morley-is-jailed-for-16-months-for-dishonestly-claiming-more-than-aps30-000-in-parliamentary-exp.md) _Context: Britain, Parliament_
