### [2008-09-1](/news/2008/09/1/index.md)

#  Manchester City Football Club is bought out by the Abu Dhabi United Group for Investment and Development Limited, the consortium led by Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed Al Nahyan. This effectively made City the richest Football Club in the world. It also made Transfer Deadline Day one of the most memorable, with City's new found wealth allowing them to bid for such players as Dimitar Berbatov, Fernando Torres, Mario Gomez and David Villa. They eventually signed Robinho for a British Record Fee of 32.5million.  The takeover and the Robinho deal as a whole sent shockwaves throughout the Sporting world. 

There is a certain kind of writer for whom the observations of George Orwell have nearly the status of Holy Writ. The person in question is usually on the left, male and a columnist, which means he is in the uncomfortable position of having to produce a great deal of work that brings no guarantee of lasting fame. This is not so different from the situation in which novelists find themselves, but journalists have even more reason to feel insecure.


### Source:

1. [Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/sport/football/premier-league/manchester-city-takeover-complete-914841.html)

### Related:

1. [Four police forces in England say they are actively investigating allegations of child sexual abuse in association football. Several ex-players have gone public with allegations against former Crewe Alexandra and Manchester City coach Barry Bennell. ](/news/2016/11/25/four-police-forces-in-england-say-they-are-actively-investigating-allegations-of-child-sexual-abuse-in-association-football-several-ex-play.md) _Context: Manchester City_
2. [Real Madrid beat Manchester City 1&ndash;0 to set-up a UEFA Champions League Final against city rivals Atletico Madrid on May 28, in Milan, Italy. It will be a repeat of the 2014 UEFA Champions League Final. ](/news/2016/05/4/real-madrid-beat-manchester-city-1-ndash-0-to-set-up-a-uefa-champions-league-final-against-city-rivals-atla-c-tico-madrid-on-may-28-in-milan.md) _Context: Manchester City_
3. [Manchester City beat Liverpool 3-1 on penalties at Wembley Stadium to win the 2015-16 Football League Cup. ](/news/2016/02/28/manchester-city-beat-liverpool-3-1-on-penalties-at-wembley-stadium-to-win-the-2015a16-football-league-cup.md) _Context: Manchester City_
4. [In association football, Paris Saint-Germain F.C. and Manchester City F.C. are fined EUR60 million by UEFA for breaches of the Fair Play regulations. ](/news/2014/05/16/in-association-football-paris-saint-germain-f-c-and-manchester-city-f-c-are-fined-a-60-million-by-uefa-for-breaches-of-the-fair-play-reg.md) _Context: Manchester City_
5. [In association football, Premier League and FA Cup runners-up Manchester City sack manager Roberto Mancini. ](/news/2013/05/13/in-association-football-premier-league-and-fa-cup-runners-up-manchester-city-sack-manager-roberto-mancini.md) _Context: Manchester City_
6. [Association football:In England, Wigan Athletic, playing in their first FA Cup Final, defeat Manchester City with a last minute goal by Ben Watson at Wembley Stadium. ](/news/2013/05/11/association-football-pin-england-wigan-athletic-playing-in-their-first-fa-cup-final-defeat-manchester-city-with-a-last-minute-goal-by-ben.md) _Context: Manchester City_
7. [In the 2012-13 Premier League, Manchester City claims a 2-1 victory over their rivals and leaders Manchester United with Sergio Aguero's winning goal. ](/news/2013/04/8/in-the-2012a13-premier-league-manchester-city-claims-a-2a1-victory-over-their-rivals-and-leaders-manchester-united-with-sergio-aguero-s.md) _Context: Manchester City_
8. [The first legs of the 2012-13 UEFA Europa League quarter-finals are held in Europe. Fernando Torres scores twice and helps Chelsea to a 3-1 defeat of Rubin Kazan. ](/news/2013/04/4/the-first-legs-of-the-2012a13-uefa-europa-league-quarter-finals-are-held-in-europe-fernando-torres-scores-twice-and-helps-chelsea-to-a-3a.md) _Context: Fernando Torres_
9. [2012-13 Premier League:Manchester United secure the 2012-13 Premier League title thanks to a Robin van Persie hat trick against Aston Villa at Old Trafford, which moves them 16 points clear of rivals and reigning champions Manchester City who have only a maximum of 15 points left to play for. This is Sir Alex Ferguson's 13th title of his 27-year tenure as United's manager. ](/news/2013/04/22/2012a13-premier-league-pmanchester-united-secure-the-2012a13-premier-league-title-thanks-to-a-robin-van-persie-hat-trick-against-aston-v.md) _Context: Manchester City_
10. [Manchester City will meet Wigan Athletic in the 2012-13 FA Cup Final after winning the semi-final against Chelsea 2-1 at Wembley Stadium. ](/news/2013/04/14/manchester-city-will-meet-wigan-athletic-in-the-2012a13-fa-cup-final-after-winning-the-semi-final-against-chelsea-2a1-at-wembley-stadium.md) _Context: Manchester City_
