### [2008-07-9](/news/2008/07/9/index.md)

#  Five peacekeepers are killed and another 17 missing following an ambush on a patrol by the joint United Nations/African Union peacekeeping mission in Darfur. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5hWr_01ore-X-CandIaQKhiei4VEgD91QBDUO0)

### Related:

1. [ Sudan pledges support for UNAMID, a joint United Nations and African Union peacekeeping force in Darfur. ](/news/2007/08/1/sudan-pledges-support-for-unamid-a-joint-united-nations-and-african-union-peacekeeping-force-in-darfur.md) _Context: African Union, Darfur, United Nations, peacekeepers_
2. [President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir says the "mandate" of the United Nations, African Union and international aid organisations in Darfur is to "support government authorities" and that expulsion is the other option. ](/news/2010/08/8/president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-says-the-mandate-of-the-united-nations-african-union-and-international-aid-organisations-in-darfur-is-t.md) _Context: African Union, Darfur, United Nations_
3. [ Ethiopia will deploy 5,000 troops as part of a joint United Nations - African Union mission in the Darfur region of Sudan. ](/news/2007/09/13/ethiopia-will-deploy-5-000-troops-as-part-of-a-joint-united-nations-african-union-mission-in-the-darfur-region-of-sudan.md) _Context: African Union, Darfur, United Nations_
4. [ Rebel groups in Darfur hold meetings in Tanzania jointly mediated by the United Nations and the African Union to resolve disputes. ](/news/2007/08/3/rebel-groups-in-darfur-hold-meetings-in-tanzania-jointly-mediated-by-the-united-nations-and-the-african-union-to-resolve-disputes.md) _Context: African Union, Darfur, United Nations_
5. [ African Union nations pledge up to 12,000 troops for the joint United Nations-African Union mission to Darfur. ](/news/2007/08/12/african-union-nations-pledge-up-to-12-000-troops-for-the-joint-united-nations-african-union-mission-to-darfur.md) _Context: African Union, Darfur, United Nations_
6. [ Sudan agrees to allow 3,000 United Nations troops in Darfur to support a 7,000 strong African Union force. ](/news/2007/04/16/sudan-agrees-to-allow-3-000-united-nations-troops-in-darfur-to-support-a-7-000-strong-african-union-force.md) _Context: African Union, Darfur, United Nations_
7. [The African Union's Peace and Security Council approves the plan to send 5,000 peacekeepers to Burundi to protect civilians caught up in the growing crisis; approval by the U.N. Security Council is required. Burundi's Philippe Nzobonariba says the force would not be allowed in without government permission. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-african-union-s-peace-and-security-council-approves-the-plan-to-send-5-000-peacekeepers-to-burundi-to-protect-civilians-caught-up-in-the.md) _Context: African Union, peacekeepers_
8. [U.S. diplomats, amid growing international concern the violence could spiral into an ethnic conflict, push for peace talks in Burundi. The European Union advises non-essential staff to evacuate the Central African nation amid rising violence and an uptick in political rhetoric. The head of the opposition UPRONA group urges the United Nations to send peacekeepers quickly. Yesterday, the UN Security Council called on the Burundi Government to protect human rights and cooperate with regional African mediators to immediately convene "an inclusive and genuine inter-Burundian dialogue" to find a peaceful resolution of the crisis. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-diplomats-amid-growing-international-concern-the-violence-could-spiral-into-an-ethnic-conflict-push-for-peace-talks-in-burundi-the-e.md) _Context: United Nations, peacekeepers_
9. [Soldiers detain the interim president and prime minister of Burkina Faso, as well as a number of cabinet ministers, sparking fear of a coup d'etat. A joint statement by the United Nations, the African Union, and the Economic Community of West African States states that the presidential guard should immediately release the leaders of the interim government. ](/news/2015/09/16/soldiers-detain-the-interim-president-and-prime-minister-of-burkina-faso-as-well-as-a-number-of-cabinet-ministers-sparking-fear-of-a-coup.md) _Context: African Union, United Nations_
10. [The United Nations approves the creation of the MISCA peacekeeping mission in the Central African Republic, initially led by the African Union with French military support, to help quell the ongoing civil war, as reports emerge of more than 100 people killed during recent clashes in the capital Bangui. ](/news/2013/12/5/the-united-nations-approves-the-creation-of-the-misca-peacekeeping-mission-in-the-central-african-republic-initially-led-by-the-african-uni.md) _Context: African Union, United Nations_
