### [2003-08-25](/news/2003/08/25/index.md)

#  Two explosions, apparently caused by car bombs placed in taxis, kills at least 44 and injures a further 150 in Mumbai, India. It is the sixth bombing in Mumbai in a year.




### Related:

1. [ The explosion of a car bomb outside a police station in the Basque city of Durango, Spain, is believed to be the first attack by the separatist group ETA since it called off a ceasefire in June. ](/news/2007/08/24/the-explosion-of-a-car-bomb-outside-a-police-station-in-the-basque-city-of-durango-spain-is-believed-to-be-the-first-attack-by-the-separa.md) _Context: car bomb, explosion_
2. [ A powerful car bomb explodes outside the Marriott Hotel, killing at least fourteen people and injuring about 150 in downtown Jakarta, a popular district for foreigners. It is believed to be a suicide bombing. The blast comes two days before a Bali court was due to deliver the verdict of the first suspect of the 2002 Bali terrorist bombing and four days after President Megawati Sukarnoputri vowed to wipe out terrorist networks in Indonesia. Jemaah Islamiyah claimed responsibility for the attack through a Singapore newspaper.](/news/2003/08/5/a-powerful-car-bomb-explodes-outside-the-marriott-hotel-killing-at-least-fourteen-people-and-injuring-about-150-in-downtown-jakarta-a-pop.md) _Context: car bomb, explosion_
3. [At least 22 people are killed and over 30 are seriously injured in a rush hour stampede on a footbridge between the Parel and Prabhadevi railway stations in the Indian city of Mumbai. ](/news/2017/09/29/at-least-22-people-are-killed-and-over-30-are-seriously-injured-in-a-rush-hour-stampede-on-a-footbridge-between-the-parel-and-prabhadevi-rai.md) _Context: Mumbai_
4. [A rickety multi-story apartment building collapses in the Indian city of Mumbai resulting in at least 24 deaths with at least 12 people missing. ](/news/2017/08/31/a-rickety-multi-story-apartment-building-collapses-in-the-indian-city-of-mumbai-resulting-in-at-least-24-deaths-with-at-least-12-people-miss.md) _Context: Mumbai_
5. [At least 14 people are killed in the Indian city of Mumbai as nearly a month's average rainfall fell yesterday during the worst monsoon in years. More than 1,200 people have been killed across India, Nepal and Bangladesh. ](/news/2017/08/30/at-least-14-people-are-killed-in-the-indian-city-of-mumbai-as-nearly-a-month-s-average-rainfall-fell-yesterday-during-the-worst-monsoon-in-y.md) _Context: Mumbai_
6. [At least 17 people are killed in a building collapse in the Indian city of Mumbai with at least 13 injured and twelve people unaccounted for. ](/news/2017/07/26/at-least-17-people-are-killed-in-a-building-collapse-in-the-indian-city-of-mumbai-with-at-least-13-injured-and-twelve-people-unaccounted-for.md) _Context: Mumbai_
7. [At least 18 people are killed and 6 others injured in a car bomb explosion in Khost, eastern Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/05/27/at-least-18-people-are-killed-and-6-others-injured-in-a-car-bomb-explosion-in-khost-eastern-afghanistan.md) _Context: car bomb_
8. [A car bomb attack on a police checkpoint in Baghdad kills at least 15 people and injures 40 others. ](/news/2017/03/29/a-car-bomb-attack-on-a-police-checkpoint-in-baghdad-kills-at-least-15-people-and-injures-40-others.md) _Context: car bomb_
9. [A car bomb explodes at a checkpoint near the Villa Somalia, the President of Somalia Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed's official residence in Mogadishu, killing at least five people. ](/news/2017/03/21/a-car-bomb-explodes-at-a-checkpoint-near-the-villa-somalia-the-president-of-somalia-mohamed-abdullahi-mohamed-s-official-residence-in-mogad.md) _Context: car bomb_
10. [Two suicide bombings, one using a car bomb and another with an explosive belt, take place in vegetable markets in eastern Baghdad, killing at least 20 people and injuring more than 50. The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/01/8/two-suicide-bombings-one-using-a-car-bomb-and-another-with-an-explosive-belt-take-place-in-vegetable-markets-in-eastern-baghdad-killing-a.md) _Context: car bomb_
