### [2006-01-6](/news/2006/01/6/index.md)

#  2005 Kashmir earthquake: SOS Children report gastroenteritis, pneumonia and bronchitis rife in emergency camps as landslides block route to Muzaffarabad. The organization now has a total of 106 children with missing parents in its care. 




### Source:

1. [SOS](http://www.soschildrensvillages.org.uk/charity-news/pakistan-earthquake-6-jan.htm)

### Related:

1. [ 2005 Kashmir earthquake: SOS Children have reported that despite the destruction of much of their Children-s Village in Muzaffarabad all of the children in their care are believed safe. [http://www.sos-childrensvillages.org/News-and-Media/News/Pages/Children-in-need-of-shelter-and-protection-South-Asia-Earthquake.aspx]](/news/2005/10/10/2005-kashmir-earthquake-sos-children-have-reported-that-despite-the-destruction-of-much-of-their-children-s-village-in-muzaffarabad-all.md) _Context: 2005 Kashmir earthquake, Muzaffarabad, SOS Children_
2. [Billy Graham, who had recently suffered from pneumonia in November 2011, is hospitalized again, likely for several days, at Mission Hospital in Asheville, North Carolina, due to bronchitis, and is being treated with antibiotics. ](/news/2012/08/12/billy-graham-who-had-recently-suffered-from-pneumonia-in-november-2011-is-hospitalized-again-likely-for-several-days-at-mission-hospital.md) _Context: bronchitis, pneumonia_
3. [In the Kamsar area, north of Muzaffarabad, Kashmir, a Chinese road-building firm digs up a van containing 17 decomposed corpses which went missing during a 2005 earthquake. ](/news/2010/01/15/in-the-kamsar-area-north-of-muzaffarabad-kashmir-a-chinese-road-building-firm-digs-up-a-van-containing-17-decomposed-corpses-which-went-m.md) _Context: 2005 Kashmir earthquake, Muzaffarabad_
4. [ 2005 Kashmir earthquake: Pakistan renews SOS Children's Villages role as custodian of all orphans and unaccompanied children following the earthquake. ](/news/2005/12/5/2005-kashmir-earthquake-pakistan-renews-sos-children-s-villages-role-as-custodian-of-all-orphans-and-unaccompanied-children-following-the.md) _Context: 2005 Kashmir earthquake, SOS Children_
5. [ 2005 Kashmir earthquake. SOS Children's Villages field workers report a rapid deterioration in weather conditions and increase in weather-related death. 64 more children believed orphaned have been taken into emergency care this week. ](/news/2005/12/21/2005-kashmir-earthquake-sos-children-s-villages-field-workers-report-a-rapid-deterioration-in-weather-conditions-and-increase-in-weather-r.md) _Context: 2005 Kashmir earthquake, SOS Children_
6. [ 2005 Kashmir earthquake: SOS Children's Villages have been appointed temporary custodian of unaccompanied children. SOS will run the family tracing database and look after children in their emergency centre in Islamabad and in other six villages in Kashmir. ](/news/2005/10/14/2005-kashmir-earthquake-sos-children-s-villages-have-been-appointed-temporary-custodian-of-unaccompanied-children-sos-will-run-the-family.md) _Context: 2005 Kashmir earthquake, SOS Children_
7. [ Former U.S. President George H. W. Bush is hospitalized in intensive care at Houston Methodist Hospital for treatment of pneumonia. His wife, Barbara is also hospitalized. ](/news/2017/01/18/former-u-s-president-george-h-w-bush-is-hospitalized-in-intensive-care-at-houston-methodist-hospital-for-treatment-of-pneumonia-his-wif.md) _Context: pneumonia_
8. [Former Philippines president and current mayor of Manila Joseph Estrada is hospitalized for pneumonia. ](/news/2016/12/23/former-philippines-president-and-current-mayor-of-manila-joseph-estrada-is-hospitalized-for-pneumonia.md) _Context: pneumonia_
9. [2016 India-Pakistan military confrontation. Pakistani officials say nine civilians have been killed after cross-border Indian shelling hit their passenger bus in Neelam Valley, northeast of Muzaffarabad, while three Pakistani soldiers were killed in other cross-border firing incidents. ](/news/2016/11/23/2016-india-pakistan-military-confrontation-pakistani-officials-say-nine-civilians-have-been-killed-after-cross-border-indian-shelling-hit.md) _Context: Muzaffarabad_
10. [United States presidential election, 2016. Hillary Clinton's doctor says she is being treated for pneumonia and dehydration after the Democratic Party presidential candidate fell ill and abruptly left a ceremony in New York City honoring the 15th anniversary of the September 11 attacks. ](/news/2016/09/11/united-states-presidential-election-2016-hillary-clinton-s-doctor-says-she-is-being-treated-for-pneumonia-and-dehydration-after-the-democr.md) _Context: pneumonia_
