### [2014-11-8](/news/2014/11/8/index.md)

# Military intervention against ISIS. Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is critically wounded during a US airstrike at al-Qaim. 




### Source:

1. [DailyMail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2826488/U-S-air-strikes-hit-ISIS-leader-Abu-Bakr-al-Baghdadi.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information.md) _Context: Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi_
2. [Iraqi Civil War. Battle of Mosul. ISIL militants reportedly blow up the Great Mosque of al-Nuri in Mosul, where Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi famously proclaimed the creation of a caliphate in 2014. ISIL blames a U.S. airstrike. ](/news/2017/06/21/iraqi-civil-war-battle-of-mosul-isil-militants-reportedly-blow-up-the-great-mosque-of-al-nuri-in-mosul-where-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-famousl.md) _Context: Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi_
3. [Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. The Russian Ministry of Defence says its forces may have killed ISIL's leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi in an airstrike, south of Raqqa on 28 May, and currently is seeking confirmation. ](/news/2017/06/16/russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-the-russian-ministry-of-defence-says-its-forces-may-have-killed-isil-s-leader-abu-bak.md) _Context: Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi_
4. [Military intervention against ISIL. An Iraqi airstrike near Al Qaim, Anbar province, Iraq, kills Ayad al-Jumaili, believed to be ISIL's second-in-command. ](/news/2017/04/1/military-intervention-against-isil-an-iraqi-airstrike-near-al-qaim-anbar-province-iraq-kills-ayad-al-jumaili-believed-to-be-isil-s-seco.md) _Context: Al Qaim_
5. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon. The Lebanese Army and the al-Nusra Front conduct a prisoner exchange with Saja Dulaimi, former wife of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, leader of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, being one of the prisoners released. The exchange was brokered by Qatar. ](/news/2015/12/1/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-the-lebanese-army-and-the-al-nusra-front-conduct-a-prisoner-exchange-with-saja-dulaimi-former-wife-o.md) _Context: Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi_
6. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Iraq's military reports bombing a convoy possibly carrying Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant leader, Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. The group was headed to a meeting in the western Al Anbar Governorate, close to the Syrian border. Eight senior ISIS figures were killed, but al-Baghdadi did not appear to be among them according to Iraqi officials. ](/news/2015/10/11/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iraq-s-military-reports-bombing-a-convoy-possibly-carrying-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-leader-ab.md) _Context: Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi_
7. [Curtis Culwell Center attack. One of the two attackers, Elton Simpson, had linked himself to ISIL on Twitter before his attack on the exhibition of drawings of the prophet Mohammed at the Curtis Culwell Center in Garland, Texas. He had been a member of a since-closed Phoenix mosque; he and his partner, 34-year-old Nadir Hamid Soofi, who had gone to college in Utah, had been known to and were investigated by law enforcement, but nevertheless, officers did not know that they were planning an imminent attack of this type, and they were not thought to be an imminent threat, despite having admired the late Anwar al-Awlaki, and swearing loyalty to Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, prominent figures in al-Qaeda in Iraq and in ISIL, respectively. ](/news/2015/05/4/curtis-culwell-center-attack-one-of-the-two-attackers-elton-simpson-had-linked-himself-to-isil-on-twitter-before-his-attack-on-the-exhibi.md) _Context: Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi_
8. [Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. The Lebanese government arrests a wife and daughter of ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. ](/news/2014/12/2/islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-the-lebanese-government-arrests-a-wife-and-daughter-of-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi.md) _Context: Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi_
9. [2014 Northern Iraq offensive. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant is renamed The Islamic State, with a caliphate being proclaimed and Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi being named caliph. ](/news/2014/06/29/2014-northern-iraq-offensive-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-is-renamed-the-islamic-state-with-a-caliphate-being-proclaimed-and-a.md) _Context: Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi_
10. [2014 Northern Iraq offensive. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant captures the towns of al-Qa'im, Anah and Rawa in Western Iraq. ](/news/2014/06/21/2014-northern-iraq-offensive-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-captures-the-towns-of-al-qa-im-anah-and-rawa-in-western-iraq.md) _Context: Al Qaim_
