### [2007-05-11](/news/2007/05/11/index.md)

#  The United States and European Union nations circulate a United Nations resolution on independence for Kosovo with international supervision. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2007/WORLD/europe/05/11/un.kosovo.ap/index.html?eref=rss_world)

### Related:

1. [The  report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end  settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on  Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a.md) _Context: American, European Union, United Nations_
2. [U.S. diplomats, amid growing  international concern the violence could spiral into an ethnic conflict, push for peace talks in Burundi. The European Union advises non-essential staff to evacuate the Central African nation amid rising violence and an uptick in political rhetoric. The head of the opposition UPRONA group  urges the United Nations to send peacekeepers quickly. Yesterday, the UN Security Council  called on the Burundi Government to protect human rights and cooperate with regional African mediators to immediately convene "an inclusive and genuine inter-Burundian dialogue" to find a peaceful resolution of the crisis. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-diplomats-amid-growing-international-concern-the-violence-could-spiral-into-an-ethnic-conflict-push-for-peace-talks-in-burundi-the.md) _Context: American, European Union, United Nations_
3. [Palestinian leaders express disappointment at the refusal of the Middle East Quartet &mdash; United States, United Nations, European Union and Russia &mdash; to hear their call for unilateral statehood and failure to take a strong stance on Israel's settlement construction at its February 5 meeting in Munich. ](/news/2011/02/6/palestinian-leaders-express-disappointment-at-the-refusal-of-the-middle-east-quartet-mdash-united-states-united-nations-european-union-a.md) _Context: American, European Union, United Nations_
4. [The United States, European Union and United Nations pledge additional resources to the African Union's AMISOM peacekeeping force in Somalia. ](/news/2010/07/26/the-united-states-european-union-and-united-nations-pledge-additional-resources-to-the-african-union-s-amisom-peacekeeping-force-in-somalia.md) _Context: American, European Union, United Nations_
5. [The United Nations, European Union and United States express their opposition to the demolition of six more Palestinian homes by Israel. ](/news/2010/07/14/the-united-nations-european-union-and-united-states-express-their-opposition-to-the-demolition-of-six-more-palestinian-homes-by-israel.md) _Context: American, European Union, United Nations_
6. [European Union leaders approve sanctions in Brussels, including bans on investments and oil/gas technology transfers, against Iran, harsher than recent sanctions imposed by the United Nations. Russia calls these and sanctions by the United States "unacceptable". ](/news/2010/06/17/european-union-leaders-approve-sanctions-in-brussels-including-bans-on-investments-and-oil-gas-technology-transfers-against-iran-harsher.md) _Context: American, European Union, United Nations_
7. [The United States vetoes a United Nations Security Council resolution aimed at stopping Israeli airstrikes against Gaza. UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and the United Kingdom, European Union, Russia, France, and China all call for a ceasefire. ](/news/2008/12/28/the-united-states-vetoes-a-united-nations-security-council-resolution-aimed-at-stopping-israeli-airstrikes-against-gaza-un-secretary-genera.md) _Context: American, European Union, United Nations_
8. [ Swedish Minister for Foreign Affairs Carl Bildt says that Kosovo may become a European Union member state even if it is not a member of the United Nations. ](/news/2008/03/9/swedish-minister-for-foreign-affairs-carl-bildt-says-that-kosovo-may-become-a-european-union-member-state-even-if-it-is-not-a-member-of-the.md) _Context: European Union, Kosovo, United Nations_
9. [ Envoys from the United States, European Union and Russia visit Serbia and Kosovo seeking a solution to the Kosovo issue. ](/news/2007/08/10/envoys-from-the-united-states-european-union-and-russia-visit-serbia-and-kosovo-seeking-a-solution-to-the-kosovo-issue.md) _Context: American, European Union, Kosovo_
10. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: American, European Union_
