### [2013-09-27](/news/2013/09/27/index.md)

# Bombs targeting two Sunni mosques in Baghdad, Iraq, kill seven people. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''Vancouver Sun](http://www.vancouversun.com/news/Iraqi+officials+Bombs+targeting+Sunni+mosques+Baghdad+kill/8967124/story.html)

### Related:

1. [ Prime Minister Nouri Maliki calls for construction to be halted on the three-mile wall being built by the United States military around the predominantly Sunni district of Adhamiyah, Baghdad. Thousands of Iraqis also protest the wall. ](/news/2007/04/23/prime-minister-nouri-maliki-calls-for-construction-to-be-halted-on-the-three-mile-wall-being-built-by-the-united-states-military-around-the.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Sunni_
2. [ A car bomb explodes outside a Shi'a mosque in a Baghdad Sunni district, killing 14 worshippers and wounding 19. Mortars land on a police station in Baghdad, followed by an assault which kills 12 people and results in the freeing of 50 prisoners. A website allegedly tied to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, claims responsibility for the police station attack. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4064609.stm (BBC)] [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6992586&section=news (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) The United States Agency for International Development states they aim to boost the availability of electricity throughout Iraq to 18 hours a day by the end of next year from 11 to 15 hours now, estimably higher than before the 2003 U.S. invasion. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6992294 (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) The Ukrainian parliament, embroiled in the presidential election controversy, votes to ask outgoing president Leonid Kuchma to withdraw Ukraine's 1,600 troops in Iraq. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6987012 (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) German security forces arrest three alleged members of Ansar al-Islam who are suspected of planning the assassination of Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi while he was on a state visit to Germany. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/europe/12/03/german.arrests/index.html (CNN)][http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/0,1518,330808,00.html ("Der Spiegel"] {{de icon}}](/news/2004/12/3/a-car-bomb-explodes-outside-a-shi-a-mosque-in-a-baghdad-sunni-district-killing-14-worshippers-and-wounding-19-mortars-land-on-a-police-st.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Sunni_
3. [ Conflict in Iraq: In Baghdad, an American civilian contractor is shot near the Green Zone. The largest Sunni political party, Iraqi Islamic Party, calls for elections to be postponed for six months to allow better security and threatens a boycott. British troops join the operation to pacify the insurgency in the "Sunni Triangle." Iraqi police state they have arrested five suspected foreign fighters in the south. The Iraqi Minister of State says Iraqi National Guard discovered a small chemical and explosive lab in Falluja. ](/news/2004/11/26/conflict-in-iraq-in-baghdad-an-american-civilian-contractor-is-shot-near-the-green-zone-the-largest-sunni-political-party-iraqi-islamic.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Sunni_
4. [Violence erupts at a protest rally in Baghdad, Iraq, killing at least four protesters and one police officer. Thousands of supporters of Shia cleric Muqtada al-Sadr gathered in the capital to demand an overhaul of the country's electoral system. ](/news/2017/02/11/violence-erupts-at-a-protest-rally-in-baghdad-iraq-killing-at-least-four-protesters-and-one-police-officer-thousands-of-supporters-of-shi.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
5. [A series of attacks kill at least 70 people and injure more than 100 others in mostly Shiite neighborhoods of Baghdad, Iraq. ](/news/2017/01/2/a-series-of-attacks-kill-at-least-70-people-and-injure-more-than-100-others-in-mostly-shiite-neighborhoods-of-baghdad-iraq.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
6. [ Iraqi security forces fire tear gas and water cannon on protesters attempting to storm the Green Zone in Baghdad, injuring at least 33. ](/news/2016/05/20/iraqi-security-forces-fire-tear-gas-and-water-cannon-on-protesters-attempting-to-storm-the-green-zone-in-baghdad-injuring-at-least-33.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
7. [ At least three civilians are killed and 10 others wounded in a bomb attack in Baghdad, Iraq. ](/news/2016/05/19/at-least-three-civilians-are-killed-and-10-others-wounded-in-a-bomb-attack-in-baghdad-iraq.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
8. [  At least 69 people are killed and 230 injured in a series of bomb attacks targeting Shiite neighborhoods in Baghdad, Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and Syria claims responsibility for some of the attacks. ](/news/2016/05/17/at-least-69-people-are-killed-and-230-injured-in-a-series-of-bomb-attacks-targeting-shiite-neighborhoods-in-baghdad-iraq-islamic-state-o.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
9. [A twin suicide bombing attack at a police station in Baghdad kills five people. Yesterday 93 people had been killed and 165 injured in the deadliest day of attacks in Iraq this year. ](/news/2016/05/12/a-twin-suicide-bombing-attack-at-a-police-station-in-baghdad-kills-five-people-yesterday-93-people-had-been-killed-and-165-injured-in-the-d.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
10. [ Iraqi officials declare a state of emergency for all of Baghdad after protesters loyal to popular Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr stormed into Iraq's parliament in the Green Zone. ](/news/2016/04/30/iraqi-officials-declare-a-state-of-emergency-for-all-of-baghdad-after-protesters-loyal-to-popular-shiite-cleric-muqtada-al-sadr-stormed-int.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
