### [2013-09-27](/news/2013/09/27/index.md)

# French police arrest six people in Paris over their suspected involvement in an attempt to steal 1.6 million euros worth of gold bars from an Air France plane on September 19. 




### Source:

1. [Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/france-arrest-six-over-gold-theft-air-france-085627303.html)

### Related:

1. [A senior French police commander is killed by a  knife-wielding  25-year-old man outside his home in Magnanville near Paris, France. The attacker, who retreated inside the house, is also killed when elite police commandos storm the residence after negotiations failed.  The commander's partner, a female administrative police official, is found dead inside the home, while a young boy is rescued physically unharmed. The Islamic State, via its Amaq News Agency, claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/06/13/a-senior-french-police-commander-is-killed-by-a-knife-wielding-25-year-old-man-outside-his-home-in-magnanville-near-paris-france-the-att.md) _Context: French police, Paris_
2. [French police shoot dead a knife-wielding man, who was shouting "Allahu Akbar", outside a police station in Goutte d'Or, located in the 18th arrondissement of Paris. A piece of paper with an Islamic State flag and claim for the attack written in Arabic was found on his body. The incident is noted for taking place on the anniversary of last year's ''Charlie Hebdo'' shooting. ](/news/2016/01/7/french-police-shoot-dead-a-knife-wielding-man-who-was-shouting-allahu-akbar-outside-a-police-station-in-goutte-d-or-located-in-the-18th.md) _Context: French police, Paris_
3. [Air France Flight 463 en-route to Paris from Mauritius makes an emergency landing in Mombasa, Kenya, after a package, suspected to be a bomb is found in the toilet. Later, Air France CEO Frederic Gagey says it was a false alarm; the package contained a mixture of cardboard, sheets of paper, and a timer. ](/news/2015/12/20/air-france-flight-463-en-route-to-paris-from-mauritius-makes-an-emergency-landing-in-mombasa-kenya-after-a-package-suspected-to-be-a-bomb.md) _Context: Air France, Paris_
4. [About 20,000 pairs of empty shoes lay around Paris, symbolizing  the absent marchers who would have joined this weekend's worldwide climate change protests pressing for a bold international agreement at the upcoming climate summit there. The capital city was planned to be the center for demonstrations but French police banned large protests following the terrorist attacks this month. ](/news/2015/11/29/about-20-000-pairs-of-empty-shoes-lay-around-paris-symbolizing-the-absent-marchers-who-would-have-joined-this-weekend-s-worldwide-climate.md) _Context: French police, Paris_
5. [At least one person is killed after a group of armed men took people hostage in the northern French town of Roubaix near the Belgian border. The hostages are thought to be a bank director and his family. French police say the incident may be related to a robbery and not to the November 2015 attacks in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/24/at-least-one-person-is-killed-after-a-group-of-armed-men-took-people-hostage-in-the-northern-french-town-of-roubaix-near-the-belgian-border.md) _Context: French police, Paris_
6. [A raid by French police in the Paris suburb of Saint-Denis kills at least two terror suspects, including a female suicide bomber, with eight others arrested. ](/news/2015/11/18/a-raid-by-french-police-in-the-paris-suburb-of-saint-denis-kills-at-least-two-terror-suspects-including-a-female-suicide-bomber-with-eight.md) _Context: French police, Paris_
7. [Two Air France flights bound for Paris from the United States are diverted for several hours on following anonymous bomb threats. ](/news/2015/11/17/two-air-france-flights-bound-for-paris-from-the-united-states-are-diverted-for-several-hours-on-following-anonymous-bomb-threats.md) _Context: Air France, Paris_
8. [French police arrest a man, said to be a radical Islamist, for allegedly stabbing Cedric Cordier, a soldier in the La Defense business district near Paris. ](/news/2013/05/29/french-police-arrest-a-man-said-to-be-a-radical-islamist-for-allegedly-stabbing-ca-c-dric-cordier-a-soldier-in-the-la-da-c-fense-business-dis.md) _Context: French police, Paris_
9. [ Three Air France flights from Paris to Los Angeles are canceled due to security concerns expressed by the U.S. embassy in France. [http://www.suntimes.com/output/news/24flight.html]](/news/2003/12/24/three-air-france-flights-from-paris-to-los-angeles-are-canceled-due-to-security-concerns-expressed-by-the-u-s-embassy-in-france-http-w.md) _Context: Air France, Paris_
10. [Yesterday's terrorist attack in Paris disrupts campaigning for the elections. ](/news/2017/04/21/yesterday-s-terrorist-attack-in-paris-disrupts-campaigning-for-the-elections.md) _Context: Paris_
