### [2013-09-27](/news/2013/09/27/index.md)

# Sudanese protests (2011-present):Police fire teargas to disperse thousands of demonstrators demanding the resignation of President Omar Hassan al-Bashir with the death toll of this week's unrest believed to have reached 50. 

Police fired teargas on Friday to disperse thousands of Sudanese demanding that President Omar Hassan al-Bashir step down, a day after clashes in which rights groups accused security forces of shooting dead at least 50 people.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/09/27/us-sudan-protests-idUSBRE98Q0DP20130927)

### Related:

1. [The President of Sudan Omar Hassan al-Bashir urges members of the Darfur based Justice and Equality Movement (JEM) to seek peace following the recent death of rebel leader Ibrahim Khalil. ](/news/2011/12/31/the-president-of-sudan-omar-hassan-al-bashir-urges-members-of-the-darfur-based-justice-and-equality-movement-jem-to-seek-peace-following-t.md) _Context: Omar Hassan al-Bashir, President of Sudan_
2. [The President of Sudan Omar Hassan al-Bashir arrives in Beijing for talks with Hu Jintao, the President of the People's Republic of China to discuss the recent partition with Southern Sudan. ](/news/2011/06/28/the-president-of-sudan-omar-hassan-al-bashir-arrives-in-beijing-for-talks-with-hu-jintao-the-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-to.md) _Context: Omar Hassan al-Bashir, President of Sudan_
3. [ Sudan's President Omar Hassan al-Bashir, indicted by the International Criminal Court, cancels his trip to Turkey. ](/news/2009/11/8/sudan-s-president-omar-hassan-al-bashir-indicted-by-the-international-criminal-court-cancels-his-trip-to-turkey.md) _Context: Omar Hassan al-Bashir, President of Sudan_
4. [ The President of Sudan Omar Hassan al-Bashir approves a Cabinet reshuffle meeting one of the demands of the Sudan People's Liberation Movement (SPLM) who had earlier withdrawn participation in the government. ](/news/2007/10/17/the-president-of-sudan-omar-hassan-al-bashir-approves-a-cabinet-reshuffle-meeting-one-of-the-demands-of-the-sudan-people-s-liberation-movem.md) _Context: Omar Hassan al-Bashir, President of Sudan_
5. [The President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir swears in a new Cabinet after having been sworn in for a five-year term earlier in the week. ](/news/2015/06/6/the-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-swears-in-a-new-cabinet-after-having-been-sworn-in-for-a-five-year-term-earlier-in-the-week.md) _Context: President of Sudan_
6. [South Africa reviews its participation in the International Criminal Court following a failed attempt to arrest the President of Sudan, Omar al-Bashir, on South African soil. ](/news/2015/06/25/south-africa-reviews-its-participation-in-the-international-criminal-court-following-a-failed-attempt-to-arrest-the-president-of-sudan-omar.md) _Context: President of Sudan_
7. [The High Court in Pretoria rules that the President of Sudan Omar Al-Bashir should be arrested in South Africa and detained pending a formal request from the International Criminal Court. However, immediately after the ruling, the South African Government announces that Al-Bashir has already departed. He is wanted in connection with the war in Darfur. ](/news/2015/06/15/the-high-court-in-pretoria-rules-that-the-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-should-be-arrested-in-south-africa-and-detained-pending-a-formal.md) _Context: President of Sudan_
8. [The International Criminal Court asks South Africa to arrest the President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir for alleged war crimes when he arrives at the African Union summit. ](/news/2015/06/14/the-international-criminal-court-asks-south-africa-to-arrest-the-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-for-alleged-war-crimes-when-he-arrives-at.md) _Context: President of Sudan_
9. [Sudan's Electoral Commission declares that incumbent President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir won re-election with 94.4 per cent of the vote extending his 25 year rule. He has been indicted multiple times by the International Criminal Court for being personally responsible for war crimes committed in Darfur and elsewhere in Sudan. ](/news/2015/04/27/sudan-s-electoral-commission-declares-that-incumbent-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-won-re-election-with-94-4-per-cent-of-the-vote-extend.md) _Context: President of Sudan_
10. [Sudanese protests (2011-present):Sudanese security forces fire live ammunition on a march that followed the funeral of a demonstrator killed the day before. ](/news/2013/09/28/sudanese-protests-2011apresent-psudanese-security-forces-fire-live-ammunition-on-a-march-that-followed-the-funeral-of-a-demonstrator-kil.md) _Context: Sudanese protests (2011-present)_
