### [2013-09-27](/news/2013/09/27/index.md)

# United Nations inspectors are investigating three alleged instances of use of chemical weapons in the Syrian civil war since the Ghouta chemical attack on 21 August. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-24301618#)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations Security Council unanimously adopts a resolution aimed at identifying those responsible for deploying chlorine and other chemical weapons in attacks in Syria. ](/news/2015/08/7/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-adopts-a-resolution-aimed-at-identifying-those-responsible-for-deploying-chlorine-and-other.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations, chemical weapons_
2. [The United States launches 60 Tomahawk cruise missiles aimed at the Ash Sha'irat air base in Homs Governorate in response to the Syrian government's alleged use of chemical weapons in its attack on the town of Khan Shaykhun. The Government of Syria claims the attack killed six soldiers and nine civilians, including four children. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-united-states-launches-60-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-aimed-at-the-ash-sha-irat-air-base-in-homs-governorate-in-response-to-the-syrian-gove.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, chemical weapons_
3. [United Nations officials announce the creation of a new team in Geneva to investigate possible war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide during the Syrian Civil War in order to prepare for future prosecutions of those responsible. ](/news/2017/02/16/united-nations-officials-announce-the-creation-of-a-new-team-in-geneva-to-investigate-possible-war-crimes-crimes-against-humanity-and-genoc.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
4. [Russia begins to withdraw its forces from Syria, with its aircraft carrier battle group being the first to leave. The United Nations says the ceasefire is "largely holding". ](/news/2017/01/6/russia-begins-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-syria-with-its-aircraft-carrier-battle-group-being-the-first-to-leave-the-united-nations-says-th.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
5. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
6. [The Obama administration claims that Russia was responsible for the bombing of a United Nations aid convoy near Aleppo on September 19. Russia denies its involvement. In the aftermath of the attack, the United Nations suspends all aid convoys in Syria. ](/news/2016/09/21/the-obama-administration-claims-that-russia-was-responsible-for-the-bombing-of-a-united-nations-aid-convoy-near-aleppo-on-september-19-russ.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
7. [According to Russian ambassador to the United Nations Aleksi Borodavkin, the Syrian Army is preparing to launch an offensive against the ISIL strongholds of Al-Raqqah and the countryside around Deir ez-Zor and that the Russian Air Force will be providing the ground campaign with air support. ](/news/2016/04/29/according-to-russian-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-aleksi-borodavkin-the-syrian-army-is-preparing-to-launch-an-offensive-against-the-isi.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
8. [Syrian government airstrikes, and rockets from Islamist insurgents, hit many neighborhoods in Aleppo. Fatalities are reported on both sides of the city. This continued fighting threatens the truce and peace talks being held in Geneva, Switzerland. UN envoy Staffan de Mistura says he will meet the government delegation Monday, and will sit down with the main opposition High Negotiations Committee later in the week. ](/news/2016/04/16/syrian-government-airstrikes-and-rockets-from-islamist-insurgents-hit-many-neighborhoods-in-aleppo-fatalities-are-reported-on-both-sides.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
9. [ The delegation of the government of Syria rules out starting any direct talks with the opposition delegation as U.N. sponsored peace talks enter a third day in Geneva. ](/news/2016/03/16/the-delegation-of-the-government-of-syria-rules-out-starting-any-direct-talks-with-the-opposition-delegation-as-u-n-sponsored-peace-talks.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
10. [United Nations investigators accuse the Government of Syria of "extermination" in its jails and detention centres. ](/news/2016/02/8/united-nations-investigators-accuse-the-government-of-syria-of-extermination-in-its-jails-and-detention-centres.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
