### [2010-03-8](/news/2010/03/8/index.md)

# New research based on a previous study indicates climate may be responsible for Scotland having more and Africa having fewer people with red hair. 

Scotland&rsquo;s notoriously bad weather appears to be behind why more of the country&rsquo;s population appeared to be blessed with ginger hair, new research has claimed.


### Source:

1. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/politics/scotland/7396657/Bad-weather-blamed-for-Scotland-having-more-people-with-ginger-hair.html)

### Related:

1. [Proposed second Scottish independence referendum: Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon announces she will seek a second referendum on Scottish independence from the United Kingdom. ](/news/2017/03/13/proposed-second-scottish-independence-referendum-scotland-s-first-minister-nicola-sturgeon-announces-she-will-seek-a-second-referendum-on-s.md) _Context: Scotland_
2. [2016-17 UK and Ireland windstorm season: The Met Office issues travel warnings for parts of Wales, Scotland and England as Storm Doris, described as a -weather bomb-, brings gales, heavy rain and snow to the United Kingdom. At least one person is killed. ](/news/2017/02/23/2016-17-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-the-met-office-issues-travel-warnings-for-parts-of-wales-scotland-and-england-as-storm-doris-de.md) _Context: Scotland_
3. [European migrant crisis: Nearly five hundred African migrants swarm the border of Spain from Morocco. ](/news/2017/02/17/european-migrant-crisis-nearly-five-hundred-african-migrants-swarm-the-border-of-spain-from-morocco.md) _Context: Africa_
4. [2016-17 UK and Ireland windstorm season: The Met Office issues warnings for parts of Scotland, Northern England and Northern Ireland as Storm Barbara prepares to make landfall. ](/news/2016/12/20/2016-17-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-the-met-office-issues-warnings-for-parts-of-scotland-northern-england-and-northern-ireland-as-st.md) _Context: Scotland_
5. [ Ethiopia officially opens the Omo River Gibe III hydroelectric dam, one of the biggest in Africa, that is predicted to double the country-s electricity output. Critics are concerned about this dam's impact on locals, on the environment, including Kenya's Lake Turkana, and on neighboring countries. ](/news/2016/12/17/ethiopia-officially-opens-the-omo-river-gibe-iii-hydroelectric-dam-one-of-the-biggest-in-africa-that-is-predicted-to-double-the-country.md) _Context: Africa_
6. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-th.md) _Context: Scotland_
7. [A roller coaster derails and crashes at M&D's theme park in Motherwell, Scotland. Ten people are reportedly injured. ](/news/2016/06/26/a-roller-coaster-derails-and-crashes-at-m-d-s-theme-park-in-motherwell-scotland-ten-people-are-reportedly-injured.md) _Context: Scotland_
8. [Elections in Equatorial Guinea: Africa's longest serving leader Teodoro Obiang, the President of Equatorial Guinea is declared the winner of the recent election with 93.7 per cent of the vote. His government has been heavily criticised by human rights group. ](/news/2016/04/28/elections-in-equatorial-guinea-africa-s-longest-serving-leader-teodoro-obiang-the-president-of-equatorial-guinea-is-declared-the-winner-of.md) _Context: Africa_
9. [2015-16 Great Britain and Ireland floods: Philip Dilley, chairman of the UK's Environment Agency resigns after receiving heavy criticism for not returning from a family holiday in Barbados during the recent heavy floods in Northern England and Scotland. ](/news/2016/01/11/2015-16-great-britain-and-ireland-floods-philip-dilley-chairman-of-the-uk-s-environment-agency-resigns-after-receiving-heavy-criticism-f.md) _Context: Scotland_
10. [2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season: Storm Desmond: The United Kingdom's Met Office issues two new severe weather warnings for wind and rain covering across much of Scotland and Northern England beginning 6 a.m. Wednesday. ](/news/2015/12/8/2015-16-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-storm-desmond-the-united-kingdom-s-met-office-issues-two-new-severe-weather-warnings-for-wind-an.md) _Context: Scotland_
