### [2004-03-10](/news/2004/03/10/index.md)

#  U.S. officials tell of their plans to impose sanctions against Syria under the Syria Accountability and Lebanese Sovereignty Restoration Act. The Bush administration accuses Syria of sponsoring terrorism and developing chemical and biological weapons. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/meast/03/10/us.syria/index.html)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations Security Council unanimously adopts a resolution aimed at identifying those responsible for deploying chlorine and other chemical weapons in attacks in Syria. ](/news/2015/08/7/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-adopts-a-resolution-aimed-at-identifying-those-responsible-for-deploying-chlorine-and-other.md) _Context: Syria, chemical weapons_
2. [British police arrest six people on suspicion of terrorism after Turkish authorities stop a group crossing the Syrian border. ](/news/2015/04/15/british-police-arrest-six-people-on-suspicion-of-terrorism-after-turkish-authorities-stop-a-group-crossing-the-syrian-border.md) _Context: Syria, terrorism_
3. [Syria hands over its remaining 100 tonnes of its declared chemical weapons to the United Nations Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons but the organisation cannot declare that the country no longer has any such weapons. ](/news/2014/06/23/syria-hands-over-its-remaining-100-tonnes-of-its-declared-chemical-weapons-to-the-united-nations-organisation-for-the-prohibition-of-chemica.md) _Context: Syria, chemical weapons_
4. [Protests are held in Albania against the proposal to bring Syria's chemical weapons stockpile to be destroyed in the country. ](/news/2013/11/14/protests-are-held-in-albania-against-the-proposal-to-bring-syria-s-chemical-weapons-stockpile-to-be-destroyed-in-the-country.md) _Context: Syria, chemical weapons_
5. [Human Rights Watch issues a report concluding that Syrian government forces were most likely to be responsible for chemical weapons attacks on two suburbs in Damascus on August 21. ](/news/2013/09/10/human-rights-watch-issues-a-report-concluding-that-syrian-government-forces-were-most-likely-to-be-responsible-for-chemical-weapons-attacks.md) _Context: Syria, chemical weapons_
6. [An Israeli military intelligence analyst states that Syria has used chemical weapons repeatedly over the past month. He also criticizes the international community for not responding to the use of the weapons. ](/news/2013/04/23/an-israeli-military-intelligence-analyst-states-that-syria-has-used-chemical-weapons-repeatedly-over-the-past-month-he-also-criticizes-the.md) _Context: Syria, chemical weapons_
7. [ Gebran Tueni, a prominent Lebanese anti-Syrian member of parliament and managing editor of the leading liberal An-Nahar newspaper, has been killed in a car bomb attack in Beirut. He had spent months in Paris because of security concerns, reportedly only returning to Lebanon on Sunday. Another An-Nahar journalist, the anti-Syrian writer Samir Kassir, was killed in a car bomb in June. ](/news/2005/12/12/gebran-tueni-a-prominent-lebanese-anti-syrian-member-of-parliament-and-managing-editor-of-the-leading-liberal-an-nahar-newspaper-has-been.md) _Context: Syria, terrorism_
8. [ President George W. Bush is expected to impose economic sanctions on Syria, alleging support of terrorism and failure to stop guerrillas from entering Iraq. ](/news/2004/05/10/president-george-w-bush-is-expected-to-impose-economic-sanctions-on-syria-alleging-support-of-terrorism-and-failure-to-stop-guerrillas-fr.md) _Context: Syria, terrorism_
9. [ The Kuwaiti newspaper "A-Siasa" reports that Palestinian and international terrorist organizations have decided at a recent Beirut conference to launch a wave of terror attacks against Israeli and Jewish interests worldwide. According to the report, there will also be similar attacks against coalition troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. The conference, which took place at the start of February, was also said to have been attended by senior members of the Syrian, Lebanese and Iranian intelligence services who presented a list of Israeli intelligence officials to be assassinated. Organizations in attendance included: Al-Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, Hezbollah, Hamas, Islamic Jihad. ](/news/2004/02/19/the-kuwaiti-newspaper-a-siasa-reports-that-palestinian-and-international-terrorist-organizations-have-decided-at-a-recent-beirut-conferen.md) _Context: Syria, terrorism_
10. [ * The United States states foreign terrorists are slipping into Iraq and believes the people behind recent attacks in Iraq have come in from neighbouring countries. Iraq's Governing Council head, Jalal Talabani, urges Iraq's neighbours to crack down on "terrorists" crossing into Iraq. Talabani states terrorists had entered from Syria, Saudi Arabia and Iran. Syria urges America to withdraw troops from Iraq.](/news/2003/11/5/the-united-states-states-foreign-terrorists-are-slipping-into-iraq-and-believes-the-people-behind-recent-attacks-in-iraq-have-come-in-fro.md) _Context: Syria, terrorism_
