### [2016-09-29](/news/2016/09/29/index.md)

# 2016 Pacific typhoon season: Typhoon Megi causes landslides in China and leaves at least 32 people missing. 

At least 32 people were reported missing after rain-saturated hillsides collapsed onto villages in south-eastern China following a typhoon.


### Source:

1. [BT](http://home.bt.com/news/world-news/more-than-30-people-missing-in-china-landslides-following-typhoon-11364101592338)

### Related:

1. [2016 Pacific typhoon season: Typhoon Megi makes landfall in eastern China a day after killing four people and injuring 260 on Taiwan. ](/news/2016/09/28/2016-pacific-typhoon-season-typhoon-megi-makes-landfall-in-eastern-china-a-day-after-killing-four-people-and-injuring-260-on-taiwan.md) _Context: 2016 Pacific typhoon season, China, Typhoon Megi_
2. [2016 Pacific typhoon season: The Philippine government places more than two dozen provinces on alert before Typhoon Haima makes landfall over Luzon. Haima, downgraded by the Global Disaster Alert and Coordination System to a Category 4 storm, landfalls Cagayan province in the island's northeast. Weather forecasters expect the storm to impact up to 2.7 million people before veering northwest toward the Chinese coast on October 21. ](/news/2016/10/19/2016-pacific-typhoon-season-the-philippine-government-places-more-than-two-dozen-provinces-on-alert-before-typhoon-haima-makes-landfall-ove.md) _Context: 2016 Pacific typhoon season, China_
3. [2016 Pacific typhoon season: Taiwan authorities close schools and offices as Typhoon Megi approaches the island. ](/news/2016/09/27/2016-pacific-typhoon-season-taiwan-authorities-close-schools-and-offices-as-typhoon-megi-approaches-the-island.md) _Context: 2016 Pacific typhoon season, Typhoon Megi_
4. [2016 Pacific typhoon season: Taiwan and China brace for the impact of Typhoon Nepartak, the first major typhoon of 2016. Thousands of people have been evacuated in Taiwan while over 35,000 military personnel have been placed on standby to help with relief efforts. ](/news/2016/07/7/2016-pacific-typhoon-season-taiwan-and-china-brace-for-the-impact-of-typhoon-nepartak-the-first-major-typhoon-of-2016-thousands-of-people.md) _Context: 2016 Pacific typhoon season, China_
5. [2017 Jiuzhaigou earthquake: A magnitude 7.0 earthquake strikes Sichuan in southwest China, killing at least thirteen people and injuring more than 175. ](/news/2017/08/8/2017-jiuzhaigou-earthquake-a-magnitude-7-0-earthquake-strikes-sichuan-in-southwest-china-killing-at-least-thirteen-people-and-injuring-mor.md) _Context: China_
6. [Gene editing: Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos. ](/news/2017/08/2/gene-editing-teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece.md) _Context: China_
7. [2017 China-India border standoff: India increases its military alert amid a border standoff with the People's Liberation Army of China at Doklam. ](/news/2017/08/12/2017-china-india-border-standoff-india-increases-its-military-alert-amid-a-border-standoff-with-the-people-s-liberation-army-of-china-at.md) _Context: China_
8. [2017 Doklam crisis: Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/2017-doklam-crisis-despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhu.md) _Context: China_
9. [A Chinese state company signs an order with Airbus for 100 A320 and 40 A350 airplanes. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-chinese-state-company-signs-an-order-with-airbus-for-100-a320-and-40-a350-airplanes.md) _Context: China_
10. [China-India relations: Bhutan-China relations: Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/china-india-relations-bhutan-china-relations-amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india.md) _Context: China_
