### [2016-09-29](/news/2016/09/29/index.md)

# The Obama administration through the United States Department of Justice sends a subpoena to natural gas giant Chesapeake Energy regarding the accounting methods for its oil and gas properties. 

Chesapeake Energy Corp (CHK.N) said it received a subpoena from the U.S. Department of Justice seeking information on the accounting methodology for the acquisition and classification of oil and gas properties.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-chesapeake-enrgy-investigation-doj-idUSKCN11Z23B?il=0)

### Related:

1. [Tankers anchored in the Caribbean Sea are unable to deliver over four million barrels of crude oil, due to Venezuela's state-owned oil and natural gas company being unable to pay for hull cleaning, inspections, and other port services. ](/news/2017/01/26/tankers-anchored-in-the-caribbean-sea-are-unable-to-deliver-over-four-million-barrels-of-crude-oil-due-to-venezuela-s-state-owned-oil-and-n.md) _Context: crude oil, natural gas_
2. [The Obama administration through the United States Department of Justice lowers the fine against Germany's Deutsche Bank to a settlement of US$5.4 billion after being handed a demand for up to $14 billion earlier this month over the sale of toxic mortgage bonds. ](/news/2016/09/30/the-obama-administration-through-the-united-states-department-of-justice-lowers-the-fine-against-germany-s-deutsche-bank-to-a-settlement-of.md) _Context: Obama Administration, U.S. Department of Justice_
3. [The Obama administration through the U.S. Justice Department seeks a fine of $14 billion against Deutsche Bank in regards to mortgage securities. ](/news/2016/09/15/the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-justice-department-seeks-a-fine-of-14-billion-against-deutsche-bank-in-regards-to-mortgage-securi.md) _Context: Obama Administration, U.S. Department of Justice_
4. [Health care in the United States. The U.S. Department of Justice charges 412 individuals with health care fraud. Collectively, these individuals are accused of collectively defrauding $1.3 billion from the U.S. government. ](/news/2017/07/13/health-care-in-the-united-states-the-u-s-department-of-justice-charges-412-individuals-with-health-care-fraud-collectively-these-individ.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
5. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. After "The Intercept" publishes a classified NSA document describing Russian efforts to launch cyberattacks on U.S. voting software suppliers, the United States Department of Justice announces it had brought charges upon Reality Winner, the alleged leaker. ](/news/2017/06/5/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-after-the-intercept-publishes-a-classified-nsa-document-describing-russian-effor.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
6. [United States immigration ban. The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/united-states-immigration-ban-the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-m.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
7. [2016-2017 Cook Inlet natural gas leak. An investigation by the United States Department of Transportation's Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration finds that the natural gas leak occurring in Alaska's Cook Inlet began earlier than first reported, and represents significant safety and environmental risks. The agency gives pipeline operator Hilcorp Energy until May 1, 2017 to fix the leak, or shut the pipeline down. ](/news/2017/03/7/2016-2017-cook-inlet-natural-gas-leak-an-investigation-by-the-united-states-department-of-transportation-s-pipeline-and-hazardous-materials.md) _Context: natural gas_
8. [2016-2017 Cook Inlet natural gas leak. A damaged natural gas pipeline operating under Cook Inlet offshore of Nikiski (near Anchorage, Alaska) continues releasing between 6,000-8,800 cubic meters (210,000-310,000 cubic feet) of gas per day. Pipeline operator Hilcorp Energy states that due to sea ice conditions, repairs will not be possible for weeks. ](/news/2017/03/3/2016-2017-cook-inlet-natural-gas-leak-a-damaged-natural-gas-pipeline-operating-under-cook-inlet-offshore-of-nikiski-near-anchorage-alaska.md) _Context: natural gas_
9. [U.S. immigration suspension, "State of Washington v. Trump". Trump's travel ban remains suspended as the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denies the Justice Department's request to stay the ruling which blocks major portions of the executive order. ](/news/2017/02/5/u-s-immigration-suspension-state-of-washington-v-trump-trump-s-travel-ban-remains-suspended-as-the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-ninth.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
10. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Obama Administration_
