### [2016-09-29](/news/2016/09/29/index.md)

# Typhoon Megi causes landslides in China and leaves at least 32 people missing. 

At least 32 people were reported missing after rain-saturated hillsides collapsed onto villages in south-eastern China following a typhoon.


### Source:

1. [BT](http://home.bt.com/news/world-news/more-than-30-people-missing-in-china-landslides-following-typhoon-11364101592338)

### Related:

1. [Typhoon Megi makes landfall in eastern China a day after killing four people and injuring 260 on Taiwan. ](/news/2016/09/28/typhoon-megi-makes-landfall-in-eastern-china-a-day-after-killing-four-people-and-injuring-260-on-taiwan.md) _Context: 2016 Pacific typhoon season, China, Typhoon Megi_
2. [The Philippine government places more than two dozen provinces on alert before Typhoon Haima makes landfall over Luzon. Haima, downgraded by the Global Disaster Alert and Coordination System to a Category 4 storm, landfalls Cagayan province in the island's northeast. Weather forecasters expect the storm to impact up to 2.7 million people  before veering northwest toward the Chinese coast on October 21. ](/news/2016/10/19/the-philippine-government-places-more-than-two-dozen-provinces-on-alert-before-typhoon-haima-makes-landfall-over-luzon-haima-downgraded-by.md) _Context: 2016 Pacific typhoon season, China_
3. [Taiwan authorities close schools and offices as Typhoon Megi approaches the island. ](/news/2016/09/27/taiwan-authorities-close-schools-and-offices-as-typhoon-megi-approaches-the-island.md) _Context: 2016 Pacific typhoon season, Typhoon Megi_
4. [Taiwan and China brace for the impact of Typhoon Nepartak, the first major typhoon of 2016. Thousands of people have been evacuated in Taiwan while over 35,000 military personnel have been placed on standby to help with relief efforts. ](/news/2016/07/7/taiwan-and-china-brace-for-the-impact-of-typhoon-nepartak-the-first-major-typhoon-of-2016-thousands-of-people-have-been-evacuated-in-taiwa.md) _Context: 2016 Pacific typhoon season, China_
5. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims it has a "basic consensus" with Bhutan and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-it.md) _Context: China_
6. [A Chinese state company signs an order with Airbus for 100 A320 and 40 A350 airplanes. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-chinese-state-company-signs-an-order-with-airbus-for-100-a320-and-40-a350-airplanes.md) _Context: China_
7. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: China_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: China_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: China_
10. [Carrie Lam is sworn in as the first female Chief Executive of Hong Kong by President Xi Jinping amid protests against the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty to China. ](/news/2017/07/1/carrie-lam-is-sworn-in-as-the-first-female-chief-executive-of-hong-kong-by-president-xi-jinping-amid-protests-against-the-20th-anniversary-o.md) _Context: China_
