### [2016-03-5](/news/2016/03/5/index.md)

# Aden unrest (2015-present). Gunmen shoot dead the police chief of Aden's Tawahi district and one of his aides. 

Gunmen opened fire and killed a police colonel and his aide as their vehicle was passing through a roundabout in the southern Yemeni city of Aden on Saturday, a local security official and witnesses said.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-yemen-security-idUSKCN0W70MD)

### Related:

1. [Yemeni Civil War. Thousands of supporters of Yemen's secessionists rally in the southern city of Aden, backing a new group led by former head of Aden Governorate Aidarus al-Zoubaidi that advocates for autonomy of the country's south. ](/news/2017/07/7/yemeni-civil-war-thousands-of-supporters-of-yemen-s-secessionists-rally-in-the-southern-city-of-aden-backing-a-new-group-led-by-former-hea.md) _Context: Aden_
2. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). December 2016 Aden suicide bombing. A suicide bomber kills at least 50 soldiers and injures 70 more at a military barracks in Aden, Yemen. ](/news/2016/12/10/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-december-2016-aden-suicide-bombing-a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-50-soldiers-and-injures-70-more-at-a.md) _Context: Aden_
3. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). The death toll of a suicide bombing in the southern Yemeni city of Aden rises to at least 71. Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/08/29/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-the-death-toll-of-a-suicide-bombing-in-the-southern-yemeni-city-of-aden-rises-to-at-least-71-islamic-sta.md) _Context: Aden_
4. [Yemeni Civil War. A suicide car bomb, that targeted the Central Security headquarters in the port city of Aden, Yemen, kills at least 26 people. Following the blast, militants stormed the compound and clashed with soldiers. No group immediately claimed responsibility but it is similar to an Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant attack on the port of Al Mukalla. ](/news/2016/07/6/yemeni-civil-war-a-suicide-car-bomb-that-targeted-the-central-security-headquarters-in-the-port-city-of-aden-yemen-kills-at-least-26-peo.md) _Context: Aden_
5. [ Yemeni civil war (2015-present). At least 41 army recruits are killed and 60 others injured in a suicide car bomb attack in Aden, Yemen. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant group claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/05/23/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-at-least-41-army-recruits-are-killed-and-60-others-injured-in-a-suicide-car-bomb-attack-in-aden-yemen.md) _Context: Aden_
6. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). 2016 Aden car bombing. At least 22 people are killed following three suicide bombings in the Yemeni port city of Aden. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the bombings. ](/news/2016/03/25/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-2016-aden-car-bombing-at-least-22-people-are-killed-following-three-suicide-bombings-in-the-yemeni-port.md) _Context: Aden_
7. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. A United Arab Emirates Air Force fighter jet crashes in a mountainous area near the southern Yemeni city of Aden, killing both pilots. ](/news/2016/03/14/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-a-united-arab-emirates-air-force-fighter-jet-crashes-in-a-mountainous-area-near-the-southern-yemeni.md) _Context: Aden_
8. [Aden unrest. Airstrikes on the Al-Qaeda-held Al-Mansoura district in the port city of Aden, kill at least 17 militants and injure 20 civilians, according to local medics and a Yemeni security official. ](/news/2016/03/12/aden-unrest-airstrikes-on-the-al-qaeda-held-al-mansoura-district-in-the-port-city-of-aden-kill-at-least-17-militants-and-injure-20-civilia.md) _Context: Aden_
9. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. The United Arab Emirates pulls its troops out of Yemen amid mounting casualties among its forces battling Shia Houthi militants and rising tensions with local fighters in Aden, southern Yemen, which escalated yesterday when Aden International Airport was stormed by local pro-government gunmen. The airport has now been closed. ](/news/2016/02/24/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-the-united-arab-emirates-pulls-its-troops-out-of-yemen-amid-moun.md) _Context: Aden_
10. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). A suicide bomber kills at least 13 recruits at a Yemeni Army base run by forces loyal to ousted President Abdrabbuh Mansur Hadi in the southern port city of Aden. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claim responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/02/17/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-13-recruits-at-a-yemeni-army-base-run-by-forces-loyal-to-ousted-president.md) _Context: Aden_
