### [2016-03-5](/news/2016/03/5/index.md)

# Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016: Voters in the states of Kansas, Louisiana, Nebraska, Maine, and Kentucky, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico participate in a party caucus or vote in a primary election. 

Kansas awarding 40 delegates in the Republican primary race


### Source:

1. [ (CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/03/05/politics/kansas-kentucky-louisiana-maine-nebraska-highlights/index.html)
2. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/wireStory/donald-trump-wins-gop-presidential-primary-louisiana-37432187)
3. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/kansas-republican-caucus-results-live-updates/)
4. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/election/primaries/states/la/Rep)
5. [NOLA](http://www.nola.com/politics/index.ssf/2016/03/live_coverage_of_louisianas_20.html)
6. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/elections/results/kentucky)
7. [Presidential Election News](http://www.uspresidentialelectionnews.com/2016-presidential-primary-schedule-calendar/)
8. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/us-news/live/2016/mar/05/trump-clinton-sanders-michigan-maine-primary-caucuses)
9. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-politics/wp/2016/03/05/bernie-sanders-projected-to-win-the-democratic-caucuses-in-nebraska/)

### Related:

1. [Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016: Voters in the U.S. states of Mississippi, Michigan, Hawaii and Idaho vote in primary elections and caucuses. ](/news/2016/03/8/republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-mississippi-mich.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, caucus, presidential primaries, primary election_
2. [ United States presidential election, 2008:: Former Governor of Arkansas Mike Huckabee wins the Kansas Republican Party caucus and the Louisiana primary. ](/news/2008/02/9/united-states-presidential-election-2008-former-governor-of-arkansas-mike-huckabee-wins-the-kansas-republican-party-caucus-and-the-louis.md) _Context: Kansas, Louisiana, caucus, primary election_
3. [United States presidential election, 2016, United States presidential election in West Virginia, 2016: United States presidential election in Nebraska, 2016: Voters in the state of West Virginia head to the polls to vote in the Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. Voters in the state of Nebraska vote in the Republican presidential primary with Donald Trump just 169 delegates short of securing the nomination. ](/news/2016/05/10/united-states-presidential-election-2016-united-states-presidential-election-in-west-virginia-2016-united-states-presidential-election-i.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, Nebraska, presidential primaries_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016: United States presidential election in Indiana, 2016: Voters in the U.S. state of Indiana head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/05/3/united-states-presidential-election-2016-united-states-presidential-election-in-indiana-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-indiana-head-to.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, presidential primaries_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016: Voters in the U.S. states of Connecticut, Delaware, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Rhode Island head to the polls to vote in Democratic and Republican presidential primaries. ](/news/2016/04/26/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-connecticut-delaware-maryland-pennsylvania-and-rhode-island-head.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, presidential primaries_
6. [United States presidential election, 2016: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016: Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016: Voters in the U.S. state of New York go to the polls for a primary election with Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump expected to win the respective contests for their parties in that state. ](/news/2016/04/19/united-states-presidential-election-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-vot.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, presidential primaries_
7. [United States presidential election, 2016: Voters in the U.S. states of Arizona, Idaho, Utah and the overseas territory of American Samoa head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries and caucuses. ](/news/2016/03/22/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-arizona-idaho-utah-and-the-overseas-territory-of-american-samoa-he.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, presidential primaries_
8. [United States presidential election, 2016: Voters in the U.S. states of Florida, Illinois, Ohio, Missouri, North Carolina and the commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries that the media has dubbed "Super Tuesday 2". ](/news/2016/03/15/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-florida-illinois-ohio-missouri-north-carolina-and-the-commonweal.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, presidential primaries_
9. [Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016: Voters in Guam, Washington, D.C. and Wyoming head to the polls to vote in Republican Party caucuses, while Democratic Party members vote in the Northern Mariana Islands caucus. ](/news/2016/03/12/republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-voters-in-guam-washington-d-c-and-wyoming-h.md) _Context: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016, presidential primaries_
10. [In the United States, the National Weather Service issues a blizzard warning for northeastern Colorado and western Kansas with an expected snowfall by midday of 12 inches in Denver, Colorado. Denver International Airport cancels 143 arriving and departing flighits. Several tornadoes occur overnight in northern Texas, western Kansas, and southern Nebraska. ](/news/2015/11/17/in-the-united-states-the-national-weather-service-issues-a-blizzard-warning-for-northeastern-colorado-and-western-kansas-with-an-expected-s.md) _Context: Kansas, Nebraska_
