### [2016-03-5](/news/2016/03/5/index.md)

# Taliban insurgency: The Afghan Taliban releases a statement rejecting peace talks with the government of Afghanistan until foreign forces stop attacking their positions and withdraw from the country. Direct peace talks between the government and the Taliban were expected to take place in Islamabad, Pakistan next week. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/content/afghanistan-taliban-snubs-peace-talks/27591120.html)

### Related:

1. [Taliban insurgency: The Taliban's Qatar office confirms its leaders are in Pakistan to talk about Afghan refugees and the release of prisoners. The representative did not say if the delegation will discuss the peace process. ](/news/2016/04/27/taliban-insurgency-the-taliban-s-qatar-office-confirms-its-leaders-are-in-pakistan-to-talk-about-afghan-refugees-and-the-release-of-prisone.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan, Taliban, Taliban insurgency_
2. [Taliban insurgency: Sartaj Aziz, a top foreign affairs adviser for Pakistan, publicly admits for the first time that the Afghan Taliban's leadership is living in the country and that Islamabad has "considerable influence" over them. ](/news/2016/03/3/taliban-insurgency-sartaj-aziz-a-top-foreign-affairs-adviser-for-pakistan-publicly-admits-for-the-first-time-that-the-afghan-taliban-s-le.md) _Context: Islamabad, Pakistan, Taliban, Taliban insurgency_
3. [Afghanistan-Pakistan relations: Taliban insurgency: Afghanistan President Ashraf Ghani says Pakistan must take military action against Taliban, operating from Pakistan, who are waging an increasingly deadly insurgency across his country. Otherwise, "... we will be forced to turn to the UN Security Council and start serious diplomatic efforts.- ](/news/2016/04/25/afghanistan-pakistan-relations-taliban-insurgency-afghanistan-president-ashraf-ghani-says-pakistan-must-take-military-action-against-tal.md) _Context: Pakistan, Taliban, Taliban insurgency_
4. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): 2015 Bagram suicide bombing: A suicide-bomb attack on a joint Afghan-U.S. patrol near Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan's Parwan Province, kills at least six U.S. soldiers and wounds another six. The Taliban's spokesman, Zabiullah Mujahid, claims responsibility for the attack in a message on Twitter. ](/news/2015/12/21/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-2015-bagram-suicide-bombing-a-suicide-bomb-attack-on-a-joint-afghan-u-s-patrol-near-bagram-air-base-i.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Resolute Support, Taliban_
5. [2015 Hindu Kush earthquake: Rescuers continue a search for survivors of the earthquake in Afghanistan and Pakistan including in areas controlled by the Taliban. The death toll from the earthquake is 339 with many thousands injured. ](/news/2015/10/27/2015-hindu-kush-earthquake-rescuers-continue-a-search-for-survivors-of-the-earthquake-in-afghanistan-and-pakistan-including-in-areas-contro.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan, Taliban_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present): The Afghan government claims that Taliban leader Mohammad Omar died in April 2013 in Pakistan of natural causes. ](/news/2015/07/29/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-the-afghan-government-claims-that-taliban-leader-mohammad-omar-died-in-april-2013-in-pakistan-of-natura.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan, Taliban_
7. [Taliban insurgency: Taliban attacks across Afghanistan kill 17 people. ](/news/2015/01/29/taliban-insurgency-taliban-attacks-across-afghanistan-kill-17-people.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, Taliban insurgency_
8. [Taliban insurgency: The Taliban gains control of the Ajristan District in Afghanistan's Ghazni Province after a week of battle. ](/news/2014/09/26/taliban-insurgency-the-taliban-gains-control-of-the-ajristan-district-in-afghanistan-s-ghazni-province-after-a-week-of-battle.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, Taliban insurgency_
9. [Taliban insurgency: The Taliban claims responsibility for an attack in central Afghanistan that claims the lives of 10 civilians, four Czech members of the International Security Assistance Force and two Afghan police officers. ](/news/2014/07/8/taliban-insurgency-the-taliban-claims-responsibility-for-an-attack-in-central-afghanistan-that-claims-the-lives-of-10-civilians-four-czech.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, Taliban insurgency_
10. [Taliban insurgency:: A Taliban suicide bomber blows himself up outside Kabul International Airport killing three foreign advisers and an Afghan interpreter. ](/news/2014/07/22/taliban-insurgency-a-taliban-suicide-bomber-blows-himself-up-outside-kabul-international-airport-killing-three-foreign-advisers-and-an-afg.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, Taliban insurgency_
