### [2016-03-5](/news/2016/03/5/index.md)

# Voters in Slovakia choose representatives for  all 150 National Council seats. While anti-migrant Prime Minister Robert Fico's Smer party is expected to lose its parliamentary majority, it should be in position to lead a coalition government. 

BRATISLAVA Slovaks voting on Saturday are likely to hand a third term to Prime Minister Robert Fico, a left-wing nationalist whose vocal anti-immigration stance chimes with those of Hungary&#039;s Viktor Orban and Poland&#039;s Jaroslaw Kaczynski. Opinion polls show Fico&#039;s Smer party is set to lose its parliamentary majority after graft scandals and protests by teachers and nurses about low pay cost it support. But a combination of popular welfare measures such as free train rides for students and pensioners and his opposition to immigration even by refugees should secure him well over 30 percent of the vote, pollsters say, enough to form a government with a coalition partner.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-03-05/fico-s-slovak-election-win-trails-expectations-exit-poll-shows)
2. [New Europe](http://neurope.eu/article/slovakia-goes-to-the-polls/)
3. [Reuters via Firstpost](http://www.firstpost.com/world/slovaks-likely-to-re-elect-anti-immigrant-leftist-fico-reuters-2658036.html)

### Related:

1. [Slovakia's newly-formed coalition government gains a vote of confidence as the legislature approves its program manifesto, 79-61. The ruling Direction - Social Democracy party, which did not win an absolute majority in March, has joined with the three other parties--Slovak National Party, Most-Hid, and Network--to total 85 of the National Council's 150 seats. ](/news/2016/04/26/slovakia-s-newly-formed-coalition-government-gains-a-vote-of-confidence-as-the-legislature-approves-its-program-manifesto-79-61-the-ruling.md) _Context: Direction - Social Democracy, National Council's, Slovak parliamentary election, 2016, Slovakia's, governing coalition_
2. [Prime Minister Robert Fico's  Smer party won 28.3 percent of the vote, but with just 49 seats, lost its majority  in the 150-member parliament. The Freedom and Solidarity party  won 21 seats (12.1%), and the Ordinary People party took 19 seats (11.0%). ](/news/2016/03/6/prime-minister-robert-fico-s-smer-party-won-28-3-percent-of-the-vote-but-with-just-49-seats-lost-its-majority-in-the-150-member-parliame.md) _Context: Direction - Social Democracy, Prime Minister, Robert Fico's, Slovak parliamentary election, 2016_
3. [Voters go to the polls in Slovakia with partial results showing that Prime Minister Robert Fico and  businessman-turned philanthropist Andrej Kiska are likely to be the two contenders in the second round. ](/news/2014/03/15/voters-go-to-the-polls-in-slovakia-with-partial-results-showing-that-prime-minister-robert-fico-and-businessman-turned-philanthropist-andre.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Robert Fico's, Slovakia's_
4. [Slovak Prime Minister Robert Fico is appointed by President Ivan Gasparovic to form a new government. ](/news/2010/06/13/slovak-prime-minister-robert-fico-is-appointed-by-president-ivan-gaa-parovia-to-form-a-new-government.md) _Context: Robert Fico's, Slovakia's_
5. [ Slovak Prime Minister Robert Fico says that he will also demand an opt-out in the Treaty of Lisbon if the Czech Republic is granted one. ](/news/2009/10/19/slovak-prime-minister-robert-fico-says-that-he-will-also-demand-an-opt-out-in-the-treaty-of-lisbon-if-the-czech-republic-is-granted-one.md) _Context: Robert Fico's, Slovakia's_
6. [Polling places open in Papua New Guinea, and will remain open for two weeks, to elect all 111 members of the National Parliament. The People's National Congress led by Prime Minister Peter O'Neill is considered likely to maintain a governing coalition, despite uncertainty due to lack of opinion polling. ](/news/2017/06/24/polling-places-open-in-papua-new-guinea-and-will-remain-open-for-two-weeks-to-elect-all-111-members-of-the-national-parliament-the-people.md) _Context: governing coalition_
7. [Polish Foreign Minister Witold Waszczykowski, during a visit to Slovakia for talks on the future of NATO, says Russia is more dangerous than the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). "By all evidence, Russia's activity is a sort of existential threat because this activity can destroy countries," Waszczykowski told reporters in Bratislava. He described ISIL as a very serious threat but said "it is not an existential threat for Europe". ](/news/2016/04/15/polish-foreign-minister-witold-waszczykowski-during-a-visit-to-slovakia-for-talks-on-the-future-of-nato-says-russia-is-more-dangerous-than.md) _Context: Slovakia's_
8. [Prime Minister Enda Kenny, who rejected suggestions he should resign, says he will "fully and inclusively" engage with other parties, groups and Independents, including Fianna Fail,  as he forms the country's  government. Sinn Fein says it is not interested in forming a coalition government with Kenny's  Fine Gael party. ](/news/2016/03/1/prime-minister-enda-kenny-who-rejected-suggestions-he-should-resign-says-he-will-fully-and-inclusively-engage-with-other-parties-groups.md) _Context: governing coalition_
9. [Slovakia mounts a legal challenge to mandatory quotas decided in a European Union ministerial summit yesterday. ](/news/2015/09/23/slovakia-mounts-a-legal-challenge-to-mandatory-quotas-decided-in-a-european-union-ministerial-summit-yesterday.md) _Context: Slovakia's_
10. [Foreign ministers from Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia meet with officials from the European Union and Germany to discuss differences over migrant quotas. ](/news/2015/09/11/foreign-ministers-from-czech-republic-hungary-poland-and-slovakia-meet-with-officials-from-the-european-union-and-germany-to-discuss-diffe.md) _Context: Slovakia's_
