### [2015-06-26](/news/2015/06/26/index.md)

# Authorities in Thailand stop the launch of a report by Human Rights Watch on alleged persecution of Montagnard Christians in Vietnam. 

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News America](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/thailand-cancels-rights-groups-report-launch-vietnam-32041944)

### Related:

1. [''Philippines v. China''The Philippines asks the International Court of Arbitration at The Hague to invalidate China's claims to virtually all of the South China Sea. The hearing was attended by observers from Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/07/9/philippines-v-china-pthe-philippines-asks-the-international-court-of-arbitration-at-the-hague-to-invalidate-china-s-claims-to-virtually.md) _Context: Thailand, Vietnam_
2. [ Human Rights Watch states that tough methods of Thai leader Thaksin Shinawatra in the south of the country may serve to invite more trouble ](/news/2005/02/25/human-rights-watch-states-that-tough-methods-of-thai-leader-thaksin-shinawatra-in-the-south-of-the-country-may-serve-to-invite-more-trouble.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch, Thailand_
3. [At a United Nations-Oceans summit, delegates from China, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand, four of the top polluters of plastic into the oceans, pledge to reduce their levels of oceanic plastic pollution. ](/news/2017/06/8/at-a-united-nations-oceans-summit-delegates-from-china-indonesia-the-philippines-and-thailand-four-of-the-top-polluters-of-plastic-into.md) _Context: Thailand_
4. [At least 11 people are dead after a bus and truck collide in Vietnam's Gia Lai province. ](/news/2017/05/7/at-least-11-people-are-dead-after-a-bus-and-truck-collide-in-vietnam-s-gia-lai-province.md) _Context: Vietnam_
5. [An Indonesian maritime patrol boat, the ''KM Hiu Macan 001'', intercepts five boats and arrested 55 Vietnamese crew members for allegedly poaching off Natuna Islands, but after an unexpected aggressive intervention by Vietnamese coast guards forces the Indonesian authorities to back off, release the arrested men and return to base empty handed. ](/news/2017/05/21/an-indonesian-maritime-patrol-boat-the-km-hiu-macan-001-intercepts-five-boats-and-arrested-55-vietnamese-crew-members-for-allegedly-po.md) _Context: Vietnam_
6. [A wave of small-scale terrorist attacks, including tire burning and the bombing of the electric grid, hits the Thai provinces of Yala, Pattani, Narathiwat, and Songkhla in response to the new Constitution of Thailand. ](/news/2017/04/7/a-wave-of-small-scale-terrorist-attacks-including-tire-burning-and-the-bombing-of-the-electric-grid-hits-the-thai-provinces-of-yala-patta.md) _Context: Thailand_
7. [Thai King Vajiralongkorn signed into law a new Constitution of Thailand that paves the way for democratic reforms while allowing the Royal Thai Army to retain its influential role in Thai politics. ](/news/2017/04/6/thai-king-vajiralongkorn-signed-into-law-a-new-constitution-of-thailand-that-paves-the-way-for-democratic-reforms-while-allowing-the-royal-t.md) _Context: Thailand_
8. [Joint bomb and gun attacks kill at least two in Narathiwat, Pattani, and Songkhla Provinces of Thailand, the latest in a long string of such attacks. ](/news/2017/04/19/joint-bomb-and-gun-attacks-kill-at-least-two-in-narathiwat-pattani-and-songkhla-provinces-of-thailand-the-latest-in-a-long-string-of-such.md) _Context: Thailand_
9. [Two women, Indonesian Siti Aisyah and Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong, are charged with murder in relation to the death of Kim Jong-nam, the estranged half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, at Kuala Lumpur International Airport. The women, who reportedly thought they were  involved in a prank TV show, did not enter pleas. ](/news/2017/03/1/two-women-indonesian-siti-aisyah-and-vietnamese-aoa-n-tha-haedegae-ng-are-charged-with-murder-in-relation-to-the-death-of-kim-jong-nam-the.md) _Context: Vietnam_
10. [Israel denies entry to Omar Shakir, a researcher for Human Rights Watch and an American citizen, because the organization  engages in so-called Palestinian propaganda. HRW's Sari Bashi said, "This Israeli government has been narrowing the space for democratic activity,"  by closing the country off to critics.  Later, the Israel government  would grant Mr. Shakir a tourist visa while considering HRW's appeal on the work visa. ](/news/2017/02/24/israel-denies-entry-to-omar-shakir-a-researcher-for-human-rights-watch-and-an-american-citizen-because-the-organization-engages-in-so-cal.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
