### [2015-06-26](/news/2015/06/26/index.md)

# ''Obergefell v. Hodges'':In a 5-4 decision, the United States Supreme Court declares state bans on same-sex marriage unconstitutional and effectively legalizes it across the United States. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2015/06/26/politics/supreme-court-same-sex-marriage-ruling/index.html)

### Related:

1. [The Alabama Court of the Judiciary finds Alabama Supreme Court Chief Justice Roy Moore guilty of six charges of violation of canon of judicial ethics and suspends him for the remainder of his term which is slated to end in 2019. The judge told other judges to ignore the Supreme Court of the United States ruling on gay marriage (''Obergefell v. Hodges''). ](/news/2016/09/30/the-alabama-court-of-the-judiciary-finds-alabama-supreme-court-chief-justice-roy-moore-guilty-of-six-charges-of-violation-of-canon-of-judici.md) _Context: Obergefell v. Hodges_
2. [United States Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg apologizes for remarks she made earlier in the week to a number of news outlets criticizing presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/14/united-states-supreme-court-justice-ruth-bader-ginsburg-apologizes-for-remarks-she-made-earlier-in-the-week-to-a-number-of-news-outlets-crit.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
3. [ The United States Supreme Court strikes down a Puerto Rican law that would have allowed it to restructure the debts of its public utilities over the objections of creditors.  Puerto Rico's agencies have a $2 billion debt payment due July 1 and has already defaulted on a $370 million debt payment for its Government Development Bank back on May 1.  ](/news/2016/06/13/the-united-states-supreme-court-strikes-down-a-puerto-rican-law-that-would-have-allowed-it-to-restructure-the-debts-of-its-public-utilities.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
4. [Governor Nathan Deal, of the American state of Georgia, vetoes a religious liberties bill  that would have protected people whose religious beliefs don't include same-sex marriage. ](/news/2016/03/28/governor-nathan-deal-of-the-american-state-of-georgia-vetoes-a-religious-liberties-bill-that-would-have-protected-people-whose-religious.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
5. [The Vatican  is replacing Italian Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano,  the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S., with French-born Archbishop Christophe Pierre, currently the Apostolic Nuncio to Mexico.  Vigano, who is 75, the statutory retirement age, in 2015 arranged the unexpected  meeting between   Pope Francis and controversial Kentucky clerk Kim Davis, who refused to follow her state's law on same-sex marriage. ](/news/2016/03/17/the-vatican-is-replacing-italian-archbishop-carlo-maria-vigana2-the-apostolic-nuncio-to-the-u-s-with-french-born-archbishop-christophe.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
6. [Filipino Senate candidate and boxer Manny Pacquiao calls LGBT people "less than animals" when asked about his opposition to same-sex marriage, prompting condemnation from prominent Filipino LGBT figures such as Aiza Seguerra, John Lapus and Vice Ganda. Pacquiao later apologizes. ](/news/2016/02/16/filipino-senate-candidate-and-boxer-manny-pacquiao-calls-lgbt-people-less-than-animals-when-asked-about-his-opposition-to-same-sex-marriag.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
7. [The United States Supreme Court ruled in ''Montgomery v. Louisiana'' (2016) that its prohibition of mandatory life sentences for juveniles convicted of murder (under ''Miller v. Alabama'' (2012)), had to be applied retroactively, potentially affecting 1300 to 2300 cases nationally.](/news/2016/01/25/the-united-states-supreme-court-ruled-in-montgomery-v-louisiana-2016-that-its-prohibition-of-mandatory-life-sentences-for-juveniles-c.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
8. [The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (Mormon) new policy states those in a same-sex marriage are to be considered apostates, and children living in a same-sex household may not be blessed as babies, or baptized until they are 18. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-church-of-jesus-christ-of-latter-day-saints-mormon-new-policy-states-those-in-a-same-sex-marriage-are-to-be-considered-apostates-and.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
9. [''Miller v. Davis''Kim Davis, the  Rowan County, Kentucky, clerk, is jailed for contempt of court for continuing to refuse, on grounds of religious freedom, to issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples per U.S. District Judge David Bunning's August 12, 2015, order. The deputy clerks are ordered to issue these licenses. ](/news/2015/09/3/miller-v-davis-pkim-davis-the-rowan-county-kentucky-clerk-is-jailed-for-contempt-of-court-for-continuing-to-refuse-on-grounds-of-r.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
10. [''Miller v. Davis''In the U.S., Rowan County, Kentucky county clerk Kim Davis, involved in the litigation over same-sex marriage, states she will not block her deputies from issuing marriage licenses, but will not authorize them personally (her name will not appear on them, and they will state that they were given under a federal judicial order). ](/news/2015/09/14/miller-v-davis-pin-the-u-s-rowan-county-kentucky-county-clerk-kim-davis-involved-in-the-litigation-over-same-sex-marriage-states-sh.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
