### [2015-06-26](/news/2015/06/26/index.md)

# The Prime Minister of Greece Alexis Tsipras says that Greece will hold a referendum on a bailout deal with creditors on July 5. 

Greek PM Alexis Tsipras calls a referendum on 5 July on a bailout plan offered by international creditors that he condemns as &quot;unbearable&quot;.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-33296839?ns_mchannel=social&ns_campaign=bbc_breaking&ns_source=twitter&ns_linkname=news_central)
2. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/2015/06/26/eurozone-greece-kammenos-idINA8N0Z301K20150626)

### Related:

1. [Greek prime minister Alexis Tsipras lashes out at European "ineptness" in handling the continent's massive immigration crisis. The Associated Press reports 31 more people -- mostly children -- drowned in shipwrecks in the Mediterranean Sea near the islands of Kalymnos and Rhodes. Turkey's state-run agency says four children drowned and two others are missing after two new accidents with boats headed to Greece's Lesbos and Samos islands. The death toll in the Aegean Sea over the past three days is at least 50. The Greek coast guard says they rescued 600 people in the past 24 hours, while thousands more made it safely from Turkey to Greece's southeastern islands. ](/news/2015/10/30/greek-prime-minister-alexis-tsipras-lashes-out-at-european-ineptness-in-handling-the-continent-s-massive-immigration-crisis-the-associate.md) _Context: Alexis Tsipras, Greek prime minister_
2. [Interim Prime Minister of Greece Vassiliki Thanou-Christophilou, the country's first female prime minister, was sworn in Thursday. The PM named her caretaker government cabinet that will oversee implementation of austerity measures required by the latest debt bailout with Eurogroup. Elections, required after Alexis Tsipras resigned last week, are scheduled for September 20, 2015, the third time Greeks will be going to the polls this year. ](/news/2015/08/28/interim-prime-minister-of-greece-vassiliki-thanou-christophilou-the-country-s-first-female-prime-minister-was-sworn-in-thursday-the-pm-na.md) _Context: Alexis Tsipras, Greek prime minister_
3. [The Prime Minister of Greece, Alexis Tsipras, announces his resignation and calls a new election for September 20. ](/news/2015/08/20/the-prime-minister-of-greece-alexis-tsipras-announces-his-resignation-and-calls-a-new-election-for-september-20.md) _Context: Alexis Tsipras, Greek prime minister_
4. [The Hellenic Parliament approves (with 222 yes votes) Prime Minister of Greece Alexis Tsipras's bailout package, despite opposition by almost one-third of his Syriza party. This third bailout plan is almost identical to the one rejected by the Greek people in the referendum. Tsipras will seek a vote of confidence following the country's August 20th payment to the European Central Bank. ](/news/2015/08/14/the-hellenic-parliament-approves-with-222-yes-votes-prime-minister-of-greece-alexis-tsipras-s-bailout-package-despite-opposition-by-almos.md) _Context: Alexis Tsipras, Greek prime minister_
5. [The British Museum announces that it will loan one of the Elgin Marbles in its collection, originally taken from Greece, to the Hermitage Museum in Saint Petersburg. Greece's Prime Minister Antonis Samaras calls the move "a provocation to the Greek people." ](/news/2014/12/5/the-british-museum-announces-that-it-will-loan-one-of-the-elgin-marbles-in-its-collection-originally-taken-from-greece-to-the-hermitage-mu.md) _Context: Greece, Greek prime minister_
6. [Greek leftist politician Alexis Tsipras, head of the Coalition of the Radical Left, begins a tour of European capitals. ](/news/2012/05/21/greek-leftist-politician-alexis-tsipras-head-of-the-coalition-of-the-radical-left-begins-a-tour-of-european-capitals.md) _Context: Alexis Tsipras, Greece_
7. [Greek economic referendum:The Greek Cabinet unanimously supports plans by Prime Minister George Papandreou to hold a referendum on the European Union's proposed economic rescue plan. ](/news/2011/11/2/greek-economic-referendum-pthe-greek-cabinet-unanimously-supports-plans-by-prime-minister-george-papandreou-to-hold-a-referendum-on-the-euro.md) _Context: Greece, Greek prime minister_
8. [Lucas Papademos is appointed interim prime minister of Greece's new unity government, and pledges to implement a European bailout package to help resolve the Greek government debt crisis. ](/news/2011/11/10/lucas-papademos-is-appointed-interim-prime-minister-of-greece-s-new-unity-government-and-pledges-to-implement-a-european-bailout-package-to.md) _Context: Greece, Greek prime minister_
9. [Greeks vote in local elections with the Prime Minister George Papandreou threatening to dissolve parliament if his party does not fare well. Early results show that the PASOK is doing well making an early election less likely. ](/news/2010/11/7/greeks-vote-in-local-elections-with-the-prime-minister-george-papandreou-threatening-to-dissolve-parliament-if-his-party-does-not-fare-well.md) _Context: Greece, Greek prime minister_
10. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Greece_
