### [2009-10-22](/news/2009/10/22/index.md)

#  A U.S. State Department report to Congress alleges that war crimes were committed by the Sri Lankan Military and the rebel Tamil Tigers in the final months of the Sri Lankan Civil War. ([http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5guGHJ5q9Wicsu44FhV1XC1xlRuug AFP]) ([http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2009/oct/22/sri-lanka-state-department-report Guardian]) ([http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/south_asia/8320392.stm BBC])




### Related:

1. [Sri Lanka's President Mahinda Rajapakse and other prominent Sri Lankans protest international calls and the appointment of a United Nations panel to investigate war crimes allegedly committed during the country's civil war with the Tamil Tiger separatists. ](/news/2010/06/28/sri-lanka-s-president-mahinda-rajapakse-and-other-prominent-sri-lankans-protest-international-calls-and-the-appointment-of-a-united-nations.md) _Context: Sri Lankan Civil War, war crimes_
2. [ Sri Lankan Civil War: In fighting in the North of Sri Lanka, the military claims victory with 43 soldiers killed and 33 missing while killing over 100 Tamil Tigers. The rebels also claim victory, saying that they killed 100 soldiers and wounded 500 while only losing 16 of their own. ](/news/2008/04/23/sri-lankan-civil-war-in-fighting-in-the-north-of-sri-lanka-the-military-claims-victory-with-43-soldiers-killed-and-33-missing-while-killi.md) _Context: Sri Lankan Civil War, Tamil Tigers_
3. [ Sri Lankan Civil War: Thousands of civilians flee their homes in Sri Lanka because of fighting between government troops and the Tamil Tigers. ](/news/2007/03/8/sri-lankan-civil-war-thousands-of-civilians-flee-their-homes-in-sri-lanka-because-of-fighting-between-government-troops-and-the-tamil-tige.md) _Context: Sri Lankan Civil War, Tamil Tigers_
4. [ Sri Lankan Civil War: The Sri Lanka Army claims that an airbase adjacent to Bandaranaike International Airport was subjected to air attack by the Tamil Tigers, making it the first air attack launched by the Tigers. ](/news/2007/03/26/sri-lankan-civil-war-the-sri-lanka-army-claims-that-an-airbase-adjacent-to-bandaranaike-international-airport-was-subjected-to-air-attack.md) _Context: Sri Lankan Civil War, Tamil Tigers_
5. [ Sri Lankan Civil War: Eleven people die in fighting between the Sri Lanka Army and the Tamil Tigers in the Batticaloa district. ](/news/2007/03/21/sri-lankan-civil-war-eleven-people-die-in-fighting-between-the-sri-lanka-army-and-the-tamil-tigers-in-the-batticaloa-district.md) _Context: Sri Lankan Civil War, Tamil Tigers_
6. [ Sri Lankan Civil War: More than 30,000 Sri Lankans flee intensifying fighting between the Government and the Tamil Tigers in the east of Sri Lanka. ](/news/2007/03/10/sri-lankan-civil-war-more-than-30-000-sri-lankans-flee-intensifying-fighting-between-the-government-and-the-tamil-tigers-in-the-east-of-sr.md) _Context: Sri Lankan Civil War, Tamil Tigers_
7. [ Sri Lankan Civil War: The Tamil Tigers have ended peace talks, stating they are not viable indefinitely. ](/news/2006/04/20/sri-lankan-civil-war-the-tamil-tigers-have-ended-peace-talks-stating-they-are-not-viable-indefinitely.md) _Context: Sri Lankan Civil War, Tamil Tigers_
8. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: United States Congress_
9. [The U.S. State Department removes all families of employees and nonessential personnel from Cuba following apparent sonic attacks that injured 21 personnel on the island. Cuba denies any involvement and has authorized the FBI to travel to the island to help the ongoing investigation into the causes. ](/news/2017/09/29/the-u-s-state-department-removes-all-families-of-employees-and-nonessential-personnel-from-cuba-following-apparent-sonic-attacks-that-injur.md) _Context: U.S. State Department_
10. [Facebook agrees to disclose ads that ran in the U.S. in 2016 from accounts associated with a Russian entity known as the Internet Research Agency to United States Congressional investigators. Earlier, this information was provided to Special Counsel Robert Mueller. ](/news/2017/09/21/facebook-agrees-to-disclose-ads-that-ran-in-the-u-s-in-2016-from-accounts-associated-with-a-russian-entity-known-as-the-internet-research-a.md) _Context: United States Congress_
