### [2009-10-22](/news/2009/10/22/index.md)

#  In a change of policy, the British Broadcasting Corporation controversially gives a platform on "Question Time" to the far right British National Party (BNP) leader Nick Griffin. 




### Source:

1. [Associated Press](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5hm8iVgMBN3s7cLmvrXzLFSLuK3lgD9BG5LRG0)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/8319596.stm)

### Related:

1. [ In an appearance before the House of Lords Communications Select Committee, BBC Director-General Mark Thompson denies that the appearance of British National Party leader Nick Griffin on "Question Time" was a bid for ratings. ](/news/2009/10/28/in-an-appearance-before-the-house-of-lords-communications-select-committee-bbc-director-general-mark-thompson-denies-that-the-appearance-o.md) _Context: BBC, British National Party, Nick Griffin, Question Time_
2. [A special edition of the BBC's political debate programme "Question Time" is recorded at Wormwood Scrubbs Prison in London. ](/news/2011/05/19/a-special-edition-of-the-bbc-s-political-debate-programme-question-time-is-recorded-at-wormwood-scrubbs-prison-in-london.md) _Context: BBC, Question Time_
3. [The BBC is to broadcast its political debate programme "Question Time" from inside a prison for the first time next Thursday. Ten members of staff and ten prisoners from London's Wormwood Scrubs prison are to join 100 other audience members, while panelists are to include Secretary of State for Justice Kenneth Clarke and former Home Secretary Jack Straw. ](/news/2011/05/12/the-bbc-is-to-broadcast-its-political-debate-programme-question-time-from-inside-a-prison-for-the-first-time-next-thursday-ten-members-of.md) _Context: BBC, Question Time_
4. [The BBC intervenes and tensions escalate after the UK cabinet members' threat to boycott "Question Time" unless Alastair Campbell, former adviser to Tony Blair, is removed from the panel. ](/news/2010/05/28/the-bbc-intervenes-and-tensions-escalate-after-the-uk-cabinet-members-threat-to-boycott-question-time-unless-alastair-campbell-former-ad.md) _Context: BBC, Question Time_
5. [ Nick Griffin, the leader of the British National Party, is pelted with eggs by protestors and forced to abandon a press conference. ](/news/2009/06/9/nick-griffin-the-leader-of-the-british-national-party-is-pelted-with-eggs-by-protestors-and-forced-to-abandon-a-press-conference.md) _Context: British National Party, Nick Griffin_
6. [ Nick Griffin, the leader of the British National Party, and activist Mark Collett are cleared of inciting racial hatred after a retrial at Leeds Crown Court. ](/news/2006/11/10/nick-griffin-the-leader-of-the-british-national-party-and-activist-mark-collett-are-cleared-of-inciting-racial-hatred-after-a-retrial-at.md) _Context: British National Party, Nick Griffin_
7. [Jodie Whittaker has been announced to be replacing Peter Capaldi as the thirteenth incarnation of The Doctor, becoming the first woman to take the lead role of the BBC's long-running science fiction television series, "Doctor Who". ](/news/2017/07/16/jodie-whittaker-has-been-announced-to-be-replacing-peter-capaldi-as-the-thirteenth-incarnation-of-the-doctor-becoming-the-first-woman-to-ta.md) _Context: BBC_
8. [Presidency of Donald Trump. The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents- Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House-s actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/presidency-of-donald-trump-the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-h.md) _Context: BBC_
9. [LaMia Airlines Flight 2933. The BBC reports that leaked audio recordings of air traffic tower tapes indicate that the LaMia Airlines flight was running out of fuel near the Colombian city of Medellin. ](/news/2016/11/30/lamia-airlines-flight-2933-the-bbc-reports-that-leaked-audio-recordings-of-air-traffic-tower-tapes-indicate-that-the-lamia-airlines-flight.md) _Context: BBC_
10. [North Korea-United Kingdom relations. Rupert Wingfield-Hayes, the BBC's Tokyo correspondent, was detained in North Korea before being expelled by the government for "speaking very ill of the system". ](/news/2016/05/9/north-korea-united-kingdom-relations-rupert-wingfield-hayes-the-bbc-s-tokyo-correspondent-was-detained-in-north-korea-before-being-expe.md) _Context: BBC_
