### [2009-10-22](/news/2009/10/22/index.md)

#  The Olympic Flame was lit during a ceremony in Olympia, Greece to start the 2010 Winter Olympics Torch Relay.([http://www.gamesbids.com/eng/mobile/other_news/1216134797.html Gamesbids.com])




### Related:

1. [The Olympic flame is lit outside the Temple of Hera in Olympia, Greece, by Greek actress Katerina Lehou.  Brazilian volleyball legend Giovane Gavio starts the relay that will reach the capital Brasilia on May 3 for transport throughout the South American country by 12,000 torchbearers, arriving at Maracana Stadium in Rio de Janeiro on August 5. ](/news/2016/04/21/the-olympic-flame-is-lit-outside-the-temple-of-hera-in-olympia-greece-by-greek-actress-katerina-lehou-brazilian-volleyball-legend-giovan.md) _Context: Greece, Olympia, Greece, Olympic flame_
2. [ The Olympic Flame of the 2008 Summer Olympics is lit in Olympia, despite disruption by three protesters from Reporters Without Borders, among whom was Robert Mnard.  ](/news/2008/03/24/the-olympic-flame-of-the-2008-summer-olympics-is-lit-in-olympia-despite-disruption-by-three-protesters-from-reporters-without-borders-amo.md) _Context: Olympia, Greece, Olympic flame_
3. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Greece_
4. [Four Hellenic Army officers are killed and one is injured when their Bell UH-1 Iroquois border patrol helicopter crashes near Elassona in northern Greece. ](/news/2017/04/19/four-hellenic-army-officers-are-killed-and-one-is-injured-when-their-bell-uh-1-iroquois-border-patrol-helicopter-crashes-near-elassona-in-no.md) _Context: Greece_
5. [Over 70,000 people are evacuated from Thessaloniki, Greece, as authorities attempt to defuse a World War II-era unexploded ordnance, which was discovered last week. ](/news/2017/02/11/over-70-000-people-are-evacuated-from-thessaloniki-greece-as-authorities-attempt-to-defuse-a-world-war-ii-era-unexploded-ordnance-which-w.md) _Context: Greece_
6. [Germany announces plans to start deporting newly-arrived migrants to Greece starting in March. According to EU's Dublin Regulation, asylum seekers must file for asylum in the member state they arrived in. ](/news/2017/01/12/germany-announces-plans-to-start-deporting-newly-arrived-migrants-to-greece-starting-in-march-according-to-eu-s-dublin-regulation-asylum-s.md) _Context: Greece_
7. [A body found in a burnt-out vehicle north of the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro is confirmed to be that of missing Greek Ambassador Kyriakos Amiridis. A military police officer who had an affair with the ambassador's wife confesses to the murder. The wife and a second man are also detained. ](/news/2016/12/30/a-body-found-in-a-burnt-out-vehicle-north-of-the-brazilian-city-of-rio-de-janeiro-is-confirmed-to-be-that-of-missing-greek-ambassador-kyriak.md) _Context: Greece_
8. [Two people are killed and two others injured after a fire breaks out in a migrant camp on the Greek island of Lesbos. The cause is currently under investigation, although some believe the fire was deliberately started in protest of poor living conditions, after a 66-year-old woman and a six-year-old child were killed in a gas explosion. ](/news/2016/11/25/two-people-are-killed-and-two-others-injured-after-a-fire-breaks-out-in-a-migrant-camp-on-the-greek-island-of-lesbos-the-cause-is-currently.md) _Context: Greece_
9. [The European Central Bank reinstates the waiver that enables Greek banks to use the country's bonds   as collateral for regular loans, for the first time in more than a year. ](/news/2016/06/22/the-european-central-bank-reinstates-the-waiver-that-enables-greek-banks-to-use-the-country-s-bonds-as-collateral-for-regular-loans-for-t.md) _Context: Greece_
10. [A gathering of Eastern Orthodox Churches, the first of its kind in a millennium, opens on the Greek island of Crete. However, the Russian, Bulgarian, Georgian and the Greek Orthodox Church of Antioch refused to attend after a dispute. The gathering will last until June 27. ](/news/2016/06/19/a-gathering-of-eastern-orthodox-churches-the-first-of-its-kind-in-a-millennium-opens-on-the-greek-island-of-crete-however-the-russian-b.md) _Context: Greece_
