### [2010-12-12](/news/2010/12/12/index.md)

# A heavy blizzard in the midwestern US states of Minnesota, Wisconsin, Iowa, Illinois and Michigan dropping about three feet of snow results in two deaths, road closures, flight cancellations and the inflatable roof of the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome in Minneapolis, Minnesota, collapsing. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''Courier-Journal](http://www.courier-journal.com/article/20101212/NEWS01/312120103/1025/rss02)
2. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/weather/storms/winter/2010-12-12-metrodome-roof-collapses_N.htm?csp=34news)

### Related:

1. [ North America: The Canadian provinces, Ontario and Quebec and the US states Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin sign an international agreement to preclude significant water diversion from the Great Lakes. ](/news/2005/12/13/north-america-the-canadian-provinces-ontario-and-quebec-and-the-us-states-illinois-indiana-michigan-minnesota-new-york-ohio-pennsyl.md) _Context: Illinois, Michigan, Minnesota, Wisconsin_
2. [Health authorities in the United States say that 53 people in nine states have been sickened in a salmonella outbreak. California is the worst affected state with 31 cases with the other states with cases include Arizona, Illinois, Mississippi, New Mexico, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. ](/news/2015/05/21/health-authorities-in-the-united-states-say-that-53-people-in-nine-states-have-been-sickened-in-a-salmonella-outbreak-california-is-the-wor.md) _Context: Illinois, United States, Wisconsin_
3. [In three states-Wisconsin, Minnesota (where an elderly person's death was reported), and Illinois-in the United States, Whole Foods Market Inc. is recalling three types of the Crave Brothers (based in Waterloo, Wisconsin) Les Freres cheese, sold in 30 states and in Washington, D.C., due to concerns that it may be contaminated with "Listeria monocytogenes", which causes listeriosis, dangerous especially to the immunocompromised and pregnant women. ](/news/2013/07/5/in-three-states-wisconsin-minnesota-where-an-elderly-person-s-death-was-reported-and-illinois-in-the-united-states-whole-foods-mark.md) _Context: Illinois, Minnesota, Wisconsin_
4. [ June 2008 Midwest Flood: A stalled storm system in the midwest of the United States causes further heavy flooding in Indiana, Iowa and Wisconsin with storms on the weekend causing 10 deaths in four states. ](/news/2008/06/9/june-2008-midwest-flood-a-stalled-storm-system-in-the-midwest-of-the-united-states-causes-further-heavy-flooding-in-indiana-iowa-and-wisc.md) _Context: Iowa, United States, Wisconsin_
5. [ At least 20 people have died as a result of flooding in the United States with further flooding likely in Minnesota and Wisconsin. ](/news/2007/08/20/at-least-20-people-have-died-as-a-result-of-flooding-in-the-united-states-with-further-flooding-likely-in-minnesota-and-wisconsin.md) _Context: Minnesota, United States, Wisconsin_
6. [2016 United States presidential election recount and audit. The campaign of Republican president-elect Donald Trump has called the planned recounts by Green nominee Jill Stein's campaign in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Michigan a "scam" and has criticized the participation of the campaign of Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2016/11/27/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recount-and-audit-the-campaign-of-republican-president-elect-donald-trump-has-called-the-planned.md) _Context: Michigan, Wisconsin_
7. [2016 United States presidential election recount and audit. The Clinton campaign announces it will participate in efforts to push for recounts by Jill Stein's campaign in Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. ](/news/2016/11/26/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recount-and-audit-the-clinton-campaign-announces-it-will-participate-in-efforts-to-push-for-recoun.md) _Context: Michigan, Wisconsin_
8. [United States presidential election, 2016. Jill Stein's campaign to hold recounts in Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin receives grassroots support, having crowdfunded millions of dollars through private donations. ](/news/2016/11/25/united-states-presidential-election-2016-jill-stein-s-campaign-to-hold-recounts-in-michigan-pennsylvania-and-wisconsin-receives-grassroo.md) _Context: Michigan, Wisconsin_
9. [United States presidential election, 2016. Former Presidential Green Party candidate Jill Stein is seeking donations for recount efforts in Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin. ](/news/2016/11/24/united-states-presidential-election-2016-former-presidential-green-party-candidate-jill-stein-is-seeking-donations-for-recount-efforts-in.md) _Context: Michigan, Wisconsin_
10. [St. Joseph courthouse shooting. At least three people die, including the shooter, in a shooting at the Berrien County courthouse in the U.S. state of Michigan. ](/news/2016/07/11/st-joseph-courthouse-shooting-at-least-three-people-die-including-the-shooter-in-a-shooting-at-the-berrien-county-courthouse-in-the-u-s.md) _Context: Michigan, United States_
