### [2013-06-28](/news/2013/06/28/index.md)

# One trainee member of the Philippine National Police is killed and six injured in an ambush in Mountain Province. 




### Source:

1. [ABS-CBN News](http://www.abs-cbnnews.com/nation/06/28/13/1-pnp-trainee-killed-6-wounded-ambush)

### Related:

1. [Former President of the Philippines Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III is indicted (among others) by the Office of the Ombudsman for his failure in handling the 2015 Mamasapano clash, which resulted in the deaths of 44 members of the Special Action Forces of the Philippine National Police. Aquino's legal team has vowed to appeal for a motion for reconsideration; as well as the group Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption (representing the victims' families), against what they call a "weak case" (citing Aquino's charges of "graft" & "usurpation of authority", instead of "reckless imprudence resulting in multiple homicide") ](/news/2017/07/14/former-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-noynoy-aquino-iii-is-indicted-among-others-by-the-office-of-the-ombudsman-for-his-failure-in.md) _Context: Philippine National Police_
2. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: Philippine National Police_
3. [Ten people are killed in Inabanga, Bohol, in the Philippines' Central Visayas, after the country's National Police and Armed Forces clash with suspected members of Abu Sayyaf. ](/news/2017/04/12/ten-people-are-killed-in-inabanga-bohol-in-the-philippines-central-visayas-after-the-country-s-national-police-and-armed-forces-clash-wi.md) _Context: Philippine National Police_
4. [After a temporary suspension due to the kidnapping and killing of a South Korean national, Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte orders the Philippine National Police to resume his controversial campaign. ](/news/2017/03/1/after-a-temporary-suspension-due-to-the-kidnapping-and-killing-of-a-south-korean-national-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-orders-the-p.md) _Context: Philippine National Police_
5. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte suspends the war on drugs so  resources can focus on ridding "corrupt" officers from the Philippine National Police. The ''cause celebre'' is the kidnapping and strangulation of South Korean businessman  Jee Ick-joo last October. ](/news/2017/01/30/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-suspends-the-war-on-drugs-so-resources-can-focus-on-ridding-acorrupta-officers-from-the-philippine.md) _Context: Philippine National Police_
6. [A panel formed by the Senate of the Philippines concludes that operations under Oplan Tokhang by the Philippine National Police is unconstitutional. ](/news/2016/12/8/a-panel-formed-by-the-senate-of-the-philippines-concludes-that-operations-under-oplan-tokhang-by-the-philippine-national-police-is-unconstit.md) _Context: Philippine National Police_
7. [Datu Saudi-Ampatuan mayor Samsudin Dimaukom, publicly accused by Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte of involvement in the illegal drug trade, is killed, along with nine others, by Philippine police at a  highway checkpoint in what police describe as an anti-drug operation. ](/news/2016/10/28/datu-saudi-ampatuan-mayor-samsudin-dimaukom-publicly-accused-by-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-of-involvement-in-the-illegal-drug-tra.md) _Context: Philippine National Police_
8. [The San Francisco Police Department halts a training program between itself and the Philippine National Police over allegations of civil rights violations committed under the guise of the Philippine Drug War. ](/news/2016/10/27/the-san-francisco-police-department-halts-a-training-program-between-itself-and-the-philippine-national-police-over-allegations-of-civil-rig.md) _Context: Philippine National Police_
9. [A police dispersal occurs between combined minority groups and anti-U.S. activists and the Philippine National Police in front of the U.S. Embassy in Manila. Police arrest 30 protesters with 60 people injured, several rammed by a police van driven during the dispersal. ](/news/2016/10/19/a-police-dispersal-occurs-between-combined-minority-groups-and-anti-u-s-activists-and-the-philippine-national-police-in-front-of-the-u-s-e.md) _Context: Philippine National Police_
10. [President Rodrigo Duterte releases a list of politicians, police officers and military personnel allegedly involved in the illicit drug trade. ](/news/2016/08/7/president-rodrigo-duterte-releases-a-list-of-politicians-police-officers-and-military-personnel-allegedly-involved-in-the-illicit-drug-trad.md) _Context: Philippine National Police_
