### [2010-04-28](/news/2010/04/28/index.md)

# The United States Coast Guard plans a controlled burn to remove spilled oil in the aftermath of the Deepwater Horizon disaster. 

The U.S. Coast Guard said Wednesday it scheduled a controlled burn in the Gulf of Mexico to minimize environmental risks of an oil slick coming from the site of the sunken oil rig Deepwater Horizon as concern about the accident mounts.


### Source:

1. [MarketWatch](http://www.marketwatch.com/story/coast-guard-to-burn-oil-spill-as-concerns-mount-2010-04-28?reflink=MW_news_stmp)

### Related:

1. [Deepwater Horizon drilling rig explosion in the Gulf of Mexico. The United States Coast Guard begins a controlled burn to remove oil spilled in the aftermath of the Deepwater Horizon disaster. ](/news/2010/04/29/deepwater-horizon-drilling-rig-explosion-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-the-united-states-coast-guard-begins-a-controlled-burn-to-remove-oil-spilled.md) _Context: Deepwater Horizon drilling rig explosion, United States Coast Guard_
2. [Accidents and incidents involving helicopters. A United States Army Combat Aviation Brigade UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter crashes off the coast of Hawaii, with five people on board. A United States Coast Guard-led search for the missing is underway. ](/news/2017/08/16/accidents-and-incidents-involving-helicopters-a-united-states-army-combat-aviation-brigade-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-crashes-off-the-coas.md) _Context: United States Coast Guard_
3. [ The U.S. Coast Guard continues to search for the missing "F/V Destination", a Seattle-based fishing vessel operating near St. George, Alaska, with a six-member crew. The Coast Guard has discovered a debris field, but no sign of the crew. ](/news/2017/02/13/the-u-s-coast-guard-continues-to-search-for-the-missing-f-v-destination-a-seattle-based-fishing-vessel-operating-near-st-george-alask.md) _Context: United States Coast Guard_
4. [Two nearby boats, responding to a Coast Guard emergency broadcast, rescue 46 people from the sinking 220-foot "Alaska Juris" fishing boat in the Bering Sea off Alaska's Aleutian Islands. There are no reports of injuries; all on board were wearing survival suits. ](/news/2016/07/26/two-nearby-boats-responding-to-a-coast-guard-emergency-broadcast-rescue-46-people-from-the-sinking-220-foot-alaska-juris-fishing-boat-in.md) _Context: United States Coast Guard_
5. [The United States Coast Guard and Navy in Hawaii are searching for twelve American servicemen off the northern coast of Oahu following a crash between two United States Marine Corps CH-53E Super Stallion helicopters that were conducting an overnight training flight. ](/news/2016/01/15/the-united-states-coast-guard-and-navy-in-hawaii-are-searching-for-twelve-american-servicemen-off-the-northern-coast-of-oahu-following-a-cra.md) _Context: United States Coast Guard_
6. [United States-Venezuela relations. Venezuela says a U.S. Coast Guard intelligence plane violated its airspace on November 6. ](/news/2015/11/8/united-states-venezuela-relations-venezuela-says-a-u-s-coast-guard-intelligence-plane-violated-its-airspace-on-november-6.md) _Context: United States Coast Guard_
7. [2015 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Joaquin. U.S. Coast Guard searchers, looking for the 790-foot El Faro cargo ship missing since Thursday, locate multiple objects, including life jackets, life rings, containers, and an oil sheen in the waters off The Bahamas. Connection to El Faro is not immediately confirmed. ](/news/2015/10/4/2015-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-joaquin-u-s-coast-guard-searchers-looking-for-the-790-foot-el-faro-cargo-ship-missing-since-thu.md) _Context: United States Coast Guard_
8. [SS "El Faro". The United States National Transportation Safety Board (NSTB) has asked the U.S. Navy to resume the search ended by the U.S. Coast Guard for the merchant vessel SS "El Faro" believed lost on October 7 during Hurricane Joaquin. The loss of the ship - with its crew of 33 hands - is regarded as -the worst U.S. merchant marine disaster of recent memory.- ](/news/2015/10/15/ss-el-faro-the-united-states-national-transportation-safety-board-nstb-has-asked-the-u-s-navy-to-resume-the-search-ended-by-the-u-s-c.md) _Context: United States Coast Guard_
9. [The United States Coast Guard resumes its search for four British sailors lost in the mid-Atlantic. ](/news/2014/05/20/the-united-states-coast-guard-resumes-its-search-for-four-british-sailors-lost-in-the-mid-atlantic.md) _Context: United States Coast Guard_
10. [The United States Coast Guard ends aerial searches for seven Americans still missing after a charter fishing boat sank in the Sea of Cortez off Mexico on July 3. ](/news/2011/07/12/the-united-states-coast-guard-ends-aerial-searches-for-seven-americans-still-missing-after-a-charter-fishing-boat-sank-in-the-sea-of-cortez.md) _Context: United States Coast Guard_
