### [2007-11-15](/news/2007/11/15/index.md)

#  2007 Pakistani state of emergency:. President Pervez Musharraf appoints Muhammad Mian Soomro, Chairman of the Senate, as interim Prime Minister. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7095787.stm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7096381.stm)
3. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7096856.stm)
4. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7096916.stm)

### Related:

1. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif-s government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, President, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
2. [A Pakistani court indicts former President Pervez Musharraf for his alleged involvement in the 2007 assassination of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto. ](/news/2013/08/20/a-pakistani-court-indicts-former-president-pervez-musharraf-for-his-alleged-involvement-in-the-2007-assassination-of-former-prime-minister-b.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, President, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
3. [ Former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's party Pakistan Muslim League (N) announces it has decided to leave the governing coalition because of differences over how to restore around 60 judges sacked by President Pervez Musharraf on November 3, 2007. ](/news/2008/05/12/former-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-s-party-pakistan-muslim-league-n-announces-it-has-decided-to-leave-the-governing-coalition-because-of.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, President, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
4. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency:. The Netherlands suspends aid to Pakistan following the imposition of emergency rule.date=December 2007. Several demonstrating lawyers protesting outside the Sindh High Court are arrested.date=December 2007. President of the United States George W. Bush calls on the President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf to end the state of emergency and restore civilian rule. ](/news/2007/11/5/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-the-netherlands-suspends-aid-to-pakistan-following-the-imposition-of-emergency-rule-date-december-2007.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Pervez Musharraf, President_
5. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: President Pervez Musharraf declares a period of emergency rule amid rising militant violence. ](/news/2007/11/3/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-president-pervez-musharraf-declares-a-period-of-emergency-rule-amid-rising-militant-violence.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Pervez Musharraf, President_
6. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency:. Pervez Musharraf is sworn in as the President of Pakistan for a second term, this time as a civilian. [http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/11/29/2105577.htm (ABC News Australia)]. President George W. Bush welcomes Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf, urges him to lift emergency rule.date=December 2007. Musharraf announces the 2007 Pakistani state of emergency will be lifted on 2007-12-16. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7119416.stm (BBC)]. Restrictions on Pakistani TV channels are challenged in the Supreme Court of Pakistan.date=December 2007 ](/news/2007/11/29/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-pervez-musharraf-is-sworn-in-as-the-president-of-pakistan-for-a-second-term-this-time-as-a-civilian.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Pervez Musharraf, President_
7. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency:. The President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf stands down as the head of the Pakistan Army. [http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,313348,00.html (Fox News)]. General Ashfaq Parvez Kayani succeeds Musharraf as the 14th Chief of Army Staff of the Pakistan Army.date=December 2007 ](/news/2007/11/28/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-the-president-of-pakistan-pervez-musharraf-stands-down-as-the-head-of-the-pakistan-army-http-www-fo.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Pervez Musharraf, President_
8. [ Former Prime Minister of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif announces he will file nomination papers in the Pakistani general election, 2008. However, he will not serve as Prime Minister under the current President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf. ](/news/2007/11/26/former-prime-minister-of-pakistan-nawaz-sharif-announces-he-will-file-nomination-papers-in-the-pakistani-general-election-2008-however-h.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, President, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
9. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency:. Pakistani Attorney General Malik Qayyum announces the Supreme Court of Pakistan has dismissed five of the six petitions against President Pervez Musharraf's re-election. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7101302.stm (BBC)]. At least 80 people die and 100 are wounded in sectarian violence in Kurram Agency. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7101533.stm (BBC)]. Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf rejects United States Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte's demand to lift the state of emergency.date=December 2007](/news/2007/11/19/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-pakistani-attorney-general-malik-qayyum-announces-the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-has-dismissed-five-of-t.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Pervez Musharraf, President_
10. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency:. Hina Jilani leads a protest in London to ask for the release of all political prisoners and to vocalize the call for President Pervez Musharraf's resignation. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/7100762.stm (BBC)]. United States Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte says President Pervez Musharraf should lift the state of emergency and free political opponents. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7100322.stm (BBC)]. One person dies in a bomb explosion on a railway track near Peshawar targeted at a passenger train.date=December 2007](/news/2007/11/18/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-hina-jilani-leads-a-protest-in-london-to-ask-for-the-release-of-all-political-prisoners-and-to-vocalize.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Pervez Musharraf, President_
