### [2007-11-15](/news/2007/11/15/index.md)

#  The City of Westminster Magistrates' Court rules Egyptian-born Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri can be extradited from the United Kingdom to the United States, where he is accused of terrorism. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/7096244.stm)

### Related:

1. [ British Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri will be extradited to the United States to face terror charges. ](/news/2008/02/7/british-muslim-cleric-abu-hamza-al-masri-will-be-extradited-to-the-united-states-to-face-terror-charges.md) _Context: Abu Hamza al-Masri, Muslim, United States, extradited_
2. [The European Union narrowly votes (285-281) to recommend that its 28 member nations drop criminal charges against Edward Snowden and protect him from U.S. extradition and to recognize him as a defender of human rights because of his revelations regarding U.S. and British spying. ](/news/2015/10/29/the-european-union-narrowly-votes-285a281-to-recommend-that-its-28-member-nations-drop-criminal-charges-against-edward-snowden-and-prote.md) _Context: United Kingdom, United States, extradited_
3. [Canadian Abdullah Khadr, charged with terrorism by the United States and jailed in Canada since 2005, is released from prison after a Canadian judge declines an extradition attempt by the United States. ](/news/2010/08/4/canadian-abdullah-khadr-charged-with-terrorism-by-the-united-states-and-jailed-in-canada-since-2005-is-released-from-prison-after-a-canadi.md) _Context: United States, extradited, terrorism_
4. [A group of more than 30 journalists from such countries as Turkey, Spain, Germany, Lebanon, Egypt, the United Kingdom and the United States announces it is to take legal action against Israel for equipment lost and money stolen due to the Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2010/07/14/a-group-of-more-than-30-journalists-from-such-countries-as-turkey-spain-germany-lebanon-egypt-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states.md) _Context: Egypt, United Kingdom, United States_
5. [ Briton Gary McKinnon, accused of carrying out the biggest ever U.S. military hacking operation, loses his court appeal to have his case heard in Britain, and faces extradition to the United States. ](/news/2009/07/31/briton-gary-mckinnon-accused-of-carrying-out-the-biggest-ever-u-s-military-hacking-operation-loses-his-court-appeal-to-have-his-case-hea.md) _Context: United Kingdom, United States, extradited_
6. [ In the United Kingdom, the Appellate Committee of the House of Lords rejects an appeal by alleged British computer hacker Gary McKinnon against extradition to the United States to face charges of hacking into Pentagon and NASA computers. ](/news/2008/07/30/in-the-united-kingdom-the-appellate-committee-of-the-house-of-lords-rejects-an-appeal-by-alleged-british-computer-hacker-gary-mckinnon-aga.md) _Context: United Kingdom, United States, extradited_
7. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Egypt, Muslim_
8. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: United Kingdom, United States_
9. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Muslim, terrorism_
10. [American consumer goods company Post Holdings agrees to acquire British cereal maker Weetabix Limited from China's Bright Food for $1.8 billion. ](/news/2017/04/18/american-consumer-goods-company-post-holdings-agrees-to-acquire-british-cereal-maker-weetabix-limited-from-china-s-bright-food-for-1-8-bill.md) _Context: United Kingdom, United States_
