### [2017-04-15](/news/2017/04/15/index.md)

# South Sudanese Civil War: At least 16 people are killed amid fresh fighting in Raga, according to a SPLM-IO spokesperson. The United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said that over 60 humanitarian aid workers were forced to flee. 

Violence in eastern South Sudan forces 60 aid workers to flee as new battles erupt in the northwestern town of Raga.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/04/fighting-south-sudan-raga-kills-14-people-170415132143449.html)

### Related:

1. [South Sudanese Civil War: According to a military spokesman of the rebel SPLM-IO, at least 115 soldiers between the two rival Sudan People's Liberation Army factions are killed in clashes in the capital, Juba. ](/news/2016/07/9/south-sudanese-civil-war-according-to-a-military-spokesman-of-the-rebel-splm-io-at-least-115-soldiers-between-the-two-rival-sudan-people-s.md) _Context: SPLM-IO, South Sudanese Civil War_
2. [South Sudanese Civil War: Government-aligned militias kill 16 people during a raid in Wau, South Sudan. ](/news/2017/04/10/south-sudanese-civil-war-government-aligned-militias-kill-16-people-during-a-raid-in-wau-south-sudan.md) _Context: South Sudanese Civil War_
3. [Stephen O'Brien, head of the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, reports that the world is experiencing its most severe humanitarian crisis since World War II, with over 20 million people suffering from severe lack of food security in Yemen, South Sudan, Somalia, and Northeast Nigeria. ](/news/2017/03/10/stephen-o-brien-head-of-the-united-nations-office-for-the-coordination-of-humanitarian-affairs-reports-that-the-world-is-experiencing-its.md) _Context: United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs_
4. [South Sudanese Civil War: Two top level officials overseeing South Sudan's military courts resign from their posts, accusing the government of interfering in the court's moves to discipline soldiers accused of rape and murder. The resignations come less than a week after a military general and the Minister of Labour resigned in protest of President Salva Kiir Mayardit's alleged approval of atrocities against civilians not belonging to the Dinka group. ](/news/2017/02/19/south-sudanese-civil-war-two-top-level-officials-overseeing-south-sudan-s-military-courts-resign-from-their-posts-accusing-the-government.md) _Context: South Sudanese Civil War_
5. [Iraqi Civil War: Battle of Mosul: Iraq Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi says U.S.-backed Iraqi forces have launched an operation to regain control of western Mosul from ISIL militants. The United Nations says humanitarian agencies are setting up in these older sections of the city where, already, food and fuel supplies are dwindling, running water is scarce, and electricity in many neighborhoods is unreliable for the estimated 800,000 civilians. ](/news/2017/02/19/iraqi-civil-war-battle-of-mosul-iraq-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-says-u-s-backed-iraqi-forces-have-launched-an-operation-to-regain-con.md) _Context: United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs_
6. [South Sudanese Civil War: Clashes between government troops and rebels in South Sudan, leave at least 56 people killed. ](/news/2016/10/17/south-sudanese-civil-war-clashes-between-government-troops-and-rebels-in-south-sudan-leave-at-least-56-people-killed.md) _Context: South Sudanese Civil War_
7. [Syrian civil war: Hours after the Syrian military declares the end of the ceasefire, an airstrike hits a convoy of United Nations OCHA aid trucks near the town of Urum al-Kubra, in the Aleppo Governorate, with the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reporting that at least 12 people have been killed. ](/news/2016/09/19/syrian-civil-war-hours-after-the-syrian-military-declares-the-end-of-the-ceasefire-an-airstrike-hits-a-convoy-of-united-nations-ocha-aid-t.md) _Context: United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs_
8. [South Sudan President Salva Kiir fires six ministers allied to his long-time rival Riek Machar, replacing them with people linked to a breakaway faction of Machar's SPLM-IO party. ](/news/2016/08/2/south-sudan-president-salva-kiir-fires-six-ministers-allied-to-his-long-time-rival-riek-machar-replacing-them-with-people-linked-to-a-break.md) _Context: SPLM-IO_
9. [South Sudanese Civil War: Five soldiers between the two rival Sudan People's Liberation Army factions are killed in clashes in the capital Juba, with reports of heavy gunfire continuing, despite President Salva Kiir Mayardit and rebel leader Riek Machar having reached a peace deal back in April. ](/news/2016/07/8/south-sudanese-civil-war-five-soldiers-between-the-two-rival-sudan-people-s-liberation-army-factions-are-killed-in-clashes-in-the-capital-j.md) _Context: South Sudanese Civil War_
10. [South Sudanese Civil War: The United States deploys more than three dozen soldiers to Juba, South Sudan, to protect the U.S. embassy and help evacuate non-essential embassy staff due to local clashes. ](/news/2016/07/13/south-sudanese-civil-war-the-united-states-deploys-more-than-three-dozen-soldiers-to-juba-south-sudan-to-protect-the-u-s-embassy-and-hel.md) _Context: South Sudanese Civil War_
