### [2017-04-15](/news/2017/04/15/index.md)

# U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyers tell a federal court, in a case alleging negligence and incitement to riot during a 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, that he is "immune from suit because he is President of the United States." A lawyer for the plaintiffs responds that, in ''Clinton v. Jones'', the Supreme Court found the president could be sued for events that occurred before he took office. 




### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2017/04/15/trump-says-he-cant-be-sued-for-violence-at-his-rallies-because-he-won-the-election/?utm_term=.8a9947950dff)

### Related:

1. [Speaking for the National Rifle Association, President of the United States Donald Trump says Pocahontas may be his Democratic opponent in the 2020 United States presidential election, apparently referring to Senator Elizabeth Warren. ](/news/2017/04/28/speaking-for-the-national-rifle-association-president-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-says-pocahontas-may-be-his-democratic-opponent-in-t.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President of the United States_
2. [In an interview, U.S. President Donald Trump says the U.S. dollar is "getting too strong" and wants to keep interest rates low, causing the U.S. Dollar Index to fall. ](/news/2017/04/12/in-an-interview-u-s-president-donald-trump-says-the-u-s-dollar-is-getting-too-strong-and-wants-to-keep-interest-rates-low-causing-the.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President of the United States_
3. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Supreme Court of the United States_
4. [Donald Trump, the President of the United States, agrees to continue the One China Policy after a discussion with Chinese President Xi Jinping. ](/news/2017/02/9/donald-trump-the-president-of-the-united-states-agrees-to-continue-the-one-china-policy-after-a-discussion-with-chinese-president-xi-jinpi.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President of the United States_
5. [U.S. President Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, in a telephone call,  discuss strengthening the two countries' strategic partnership with particular attention to the conflict in the Donbass, a Ukrainian region that borders Russia. ](/news/2017/02/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-and-ukrainian-president-petro-poroshenko-in-a-telephone-call-discuss-strengthening-the-two-countries-strateg.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President of the United States_
6. [President Donald Trump names United States Army Lt. General H. R. McMaster as National Security Advisor and says that U.S. Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg, who has been the acting NSA, will remain as the NSC's Chief of Staff. ](/news/2017/02/20/president-donald-trump-names-united-states-army-lt-general-h-r-mcmaster-as-national-security-advisor-and-says-that-u-s-lt-gen-keith-ke.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President of the United States_
7. [Venezuela's Supreme Tribunal of Justice upholds the 13-year, 9-month-plus prison term of Popular Will party founder Leopoldo  Lopez  for  inciting  violence, via "subliminal messages,"  at  the   2014 anti-government protests where 43 people were killed.  Yesterday, United States President Donald Trump  met with Lopez's wife, Lilian Tintori, and called on Venezuela to release Lopez immediately.   ](/news/2017/02/16/venezuela-s-supreme-tribunal-of-justice-upholds-the-13-year-9-month-plus-prison-term-of-popular-will-party-founder-leopoldo-la3pez-for-i.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President of the United States_
8. [U.S. President Donald Trump names  Florida International University College of Law Dean  and former National Labor Relations Board member Alexander Acosta to be Secretary of Labor. The President's initial nominee, Andy Puzder, withdrew his nomination yesterday. ](/news/2017/02/16/u-s-president-donald-trump-names-florida-international-university-college-of-law-dean-and-former-national-labor-relations-board-member-al.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President of the United States_
9. [President Donald Trump has nominated Judge Neil Gorsuch to fill the vacant seat on the Supreme Court of the United States. Neil Gorsuch is the youngest nominee to the court in 25 years. ](/news/2017/01/31/president-donald-trump-has-nominated-judge-neil-gorsuch-to-fill-the-vacant-seat-on-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-neil-gorsuch-is-t.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Supreme Court of the United States_
10. [British Prime Minister  Theresa May meets with U.S. President Donald Trump at the White House in Washington, D.C.. This is the first visit by a foreign leader since Trump's inauguration last Friday. ](/news/2017/01/27/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-meets-with-u-s-president-donald-trump-at-the-white-house-in-washington-d-c-this-is-the-first-visit-b.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President of the United States_
