### [2006-08-31](/news/2006/08/31/index.md)

#  The United Nations Security Council approves resolution 1706, which is meant to resolve the Darfur conflict.




### Source:

1. [Business Day](http://www.businessday.co.za/articles/world.aspx?ID=BD4A262004)
2. [Globe and Mail](http://www.theglobeandmail.com/servlet/story/LAC.20060901.SUDAN01/TPStory/TPInternational/Africa/)

### Related:

1. [ Darfur conflict: The United Nations Security Council votes unanimously to initiate the process which would lead to a UN peacekeeping force relieving the beleaguered African Union peacekeepers in the war-torn Darfur region of Sudan. The Government of Sudan opposes the move. ](/news/2006/05/16/darfur-conflict-the-united-nations-security-council-votes-unanimously-to-initiate-the-process-which-would-lead-to-a-un-peacekeeping-force.md) _Context: Darfur conflict, United Nations Security Council_
2. [North Korea and the United Nations: The United Nations Security Council votes 15-0 to impose sanctions on North Korea for its intercontinental ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2017/08/5/north-korea-and-the-united-nations-the-united-nations-security-council-votes-15-0-to-impose-sanctions-on-north-korea-for-its-intercontine.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: A United Nations Security Council session is to be held to address the escalating violence in Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/07/22/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-a-united-nations-security-council-session-is-to-be-held-to-address-the-escalating.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
4. [United Nations Security Council election, 2017: Equatorial Guinea, Ivory Coast, Kuwait, Peru and Poland are elected to the United Nations Security Council for a two-year term beginning on January 1, 2018. ](/news/2017/06/2/united-nations-security-council-election-2017-equatorial-guinea-ivory-coast-kuwait-peru-and-poland-are-elected-to-the-united-nations-se.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
5. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: As a result of North Korea's repeated missile tests, the United Nations Security Council expands its targeted sanctions against the country, adding to the U.N. blacklist four entities, including the Koryo Bank and the Army's Strategic Rocket Force, and 14 people, including the North's head of intelligence operations. ](/news/2017/06/2/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-as-a-result-of-north-korea-s-repeated-missile-tests-the-united-nations-security-council-expand.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
6. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea-s official Korean Central News Agency reports the country's leader, Kim Jong-un, has approved deployment of the Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile, and ordered mass production of the system. The United Nations Security Council will hold a closed-door session Tuesday to discuss the test. ](/news/2017/05/22/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-s-official-korean-central-news-agency-reports-the-country-s-leader-kim-jong-un.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
7. [Western Sahara conflict: The United Nations Security Council extends the MINURSO mission for another year and attempts to restart Western Sahara peace process negotiations after both sides retracted their military from a standoff position in Guerguerat, near the border with Mauritania. ](/news/2017/04/28/western-sahara-conflict-the-united-nations-security-council-extends-the-minurso-mission-for-another-year-and-attempts-to-restart-western-sa.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
8. [Syrian Civil War: Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/syrian-civil-war-russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-u.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
9. [Syrian Civil War: The United Nations Security Council unanimously votes in favor of the Russian and Turkey-backed ceasefire currently in effect in Syria. ](/news/2017/01/1/syrian-civil-war-the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-votes-in-favor-of-the-russian-and-turkey-backed-ceasefire-currently-in-eff.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
10. [ United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334: The United States Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power abstains from voting in a 14-0 Security Council decision condemning Israeli settlement of the Palestinian territories. ](/news/2016/12/23/united-nations-security-council-resolution-2334-the-united-states-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-samantha-power-abstains-from-voting-in.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
