### [2014-05-16](/news/2014/05/16/index.md)

# 2014 General Motors recall:. The United States government fines General Motors $35 million for their delays in recalling small cars with faulty ignition switches. 

The US government fines General Motors $35m(£20.8m) for delays in recalling small cars with faulty ignition switches.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/business-27442448)

### Related:

1. [United Kingdom-United States relations. 2017 Brussels summit. British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-2017-brussels-summit-british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connec.md) _Context: United States_
2. [General Motors halts production in Venezuela after the government seizes its plants. ](/news/2017/04/20/general-motors-halts-production-in-venezuela-after-the-government-seizes-its-plants.md) _Context: General Motors_
3. [Citing security concerns because of recent terrorist activity, the American and British governments impose a ban affecting inbound-passengers flying from much of the Middle East and North Africa. The ban includes airplane cabin passenger-accessible items such as laptops, tablets, and other electronic devices which are larger than a smartphone. Larger such electronic devices will still be allowed on board in checked baggage which is thus more closely screened and passenger-inaccessible. ](/news/2017/03/21/citing-security-concerns-because-of-recent-terrorist-activity-the-american-and-british-governments-impose-a-ban-affecting-inbound-passenger.md) _Context: United States_
4. [General Motors recalls 4.3 million vehicles after a defect in the software for the airbag led to one fatality. ](/news/2016/09/9/general-motors-recalls-4-3-million-vehicles-after-a-defect-in-the-software-for-the-airbag-led-to-one-fatality.md) _Context: General Motors_
5. [Russia-United States relations. President of Russia Vladimir Putin accuses the United States of reneging on a 16-year-old deal that called for reducing Russia's and the United States' stockpiles of weapons-grade plutonium. He accused Washington of trying to preserve its ability to turn some of its plutonium stockpile back into a form usable for nuclear weapons. ](/news/2016/04/23/russia-united-states-relations-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-accuses-the-united-states-of-reneging-on-a-16-year-old-deal-that-called.md) _Context: United States_
6. [General Motors acquires Cruise Automation, a three-year old software company that's been testing self-driving cars on the streets of San Francisco. ](/news/2016/03/11/general-motors-acquires-cruise-automation-a-three-year-old-software-company-that-s-been-testing-self-driving-cars-on-the-streets-of-san-fra.md) _Context: General Motors_
7. [China summons Kaye Lee, the U.S. deputy chief of mission in Beijing, to protest Washington's announcement that it is selling two warships to Taiwan as part of a $1.83 billion arms deal. U.S. state department spokesman John Kirby says the sale is consistent with the 1979 Taiwan Relations Act while Chinese Vice-Foreign Minister Zheng Zequang threatens to impose sanctions on U.S. firms because the proposed sale "severely damaged China's sovereignty and security interests." ](/news/2015/12/17/china-summons-kaye-lee-the-u-s-deputy-chief-of-mission-in-beijing-to-protest-washington-s-announcement-that-it-is-selling-two-warships-to.md) _Context: United States_
8. [General Motors ignition switch scandal. U.S. District Judge Jesse Furman rules General Motors Co., and its outside law firm King & Spalding, do not have to turn over lawyer-client documents from previously settled ignition switch lawsuits to plaintiffs- lawyers in pending cases. ](/news/2015/11/25/general-motors-ignition-switch-scandal-u-s-district-judge-jesse-furman-rules-general-motors-co-and-its-outside-law-firm-king-spalding.md) _Context: General Motors_
9. [Glen Casada, a top Republican Tennessee lawmaker who is the chair of the state-s House Republican Caucus, suggests activating the Tennessee National Guard to 'round up' Syrian refugees and remove them from the southeastern state, saying -Tennessee is a sovereign state, if the federal government is forsaking the obligation to protect our citizens, we need to act". ](/news/2015/11/18/glen-casada-a-top-republican-tennessee-lawmaker-who-is-the-chair-of-the-state-s-house-republican-caucus-suggests-activating-the-tennesse.md) _Context: United States_
10. [Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (FCA) and the United Auto Workers (UAW) reach a new tentative four-year labor agreement, averting a threatened strike of the automaker-s U.S. operations. The agreement must be ratified by a vote of FCA's 40,000 U.S. union workers, who rejected the previous proposal earlier this month. If ratified, the UAW intends to use the pact as a template for negotiations with General Motors Co. and Ford Motor Company. ](/news/2015/10/8/fiat-chrysler-automobiles-fca-and-the-united-auto-workers-uaw-reach-a-new-tentative-four-year-labor-agreement-averting-a-threatened-str.md) _Context: General Motors_
