### [2005-01-15](/news/2005/01/15/index.md)

#  Mahmoud Abbas, the new Palestinian President, has called for an end to the violence, and a mutual ceasefire between the Israelis and the Palestinian Militant factions. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4176759.stm)
2. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/527379.html)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A truce is declared between Israel and the Palestinian Authority. Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, and Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel, shook hands at a four-way summit at Sharm el-Sheikh that was also attended by Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Jordan's King Abdullah. Palestinian organization Hamas says it is not bound by the ceasefire. ](/news/2005/02/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-truce-is-declared-between-israel-and-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palesti.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas travels to the Gaza Strip to persuade militant groups to join the ceasefire announced with Israel three days ago. ](/news/2005/02/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-leader-mahmoud-abbas-travels-to-the-gaza-strip-to-persuade-militant-groups-to-join-the-ceasefire.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel kills senior Hamas official, Ismail Abu Shanab, by a missile strike in the Gaza Strip and sent tanks into the West Bank towns of Nablus, Jenin and Tulkarem in response to a deadly suicide bombing of a bus in Jerusalem. In Hebron, troops destroy the terrorist bomber's home. Hamas and Islamic Jihad end their participation in the cease fire (in response to Israel's action from the two groups' bombing), declaring themselves as enemies to the peace plan, and vow further terrorist acts. The militants demand that Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, leave their area of control.](/news/2003/08/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-kills-senior-hamas-official-ismail-abu-shanab-by-a-missile-strike-in-the-gaza-strip-and-sent-tanks-i.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, breaks negotiations with the Islamic militant groups Hamas and Islamic Jihad in response to the bombing in Jerusalem. Israel notifies the public that it will retaliate with military strikes for bus bombing. There are conflicting reports that Israel will hold off on the attacks to see if the Palestinian administration takes action against terrorist groups.](/news/2003/08/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-prime-minister-mahmoud-abbas-breaks-negotiations-with-the-islamic-militant-groups-hamas-and-isl.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian_
5. [Palestinian rioters set fire to the building containing Joseph's Tomb in the West Bank city of Nablus causing heavy damage to the structure before the fire is put out. Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemns the attack. ](/news/2015/10/16/palestinian-rioters-set-fire-to-the-building-containing-joseph-s-tomb-in-the-west-bank-city-of-nablus-causing-heavy-damage-to-the-structure.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian_
6. [ A ceasefire commences between Israeli and Palestinian fighters in the Gaza Strip. It followed negotiations between the Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert. ](/news/2006/11/26/a-ceasefire-commences-between-israeli-and-palestinian-fighters-in-the-gaza-strip-it-followed-negotiations-between-the-palestinian-presiden.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian_
7. [ Israeli troops shell and demolish a Palestinian prison in Jericho, seizing Ahmad Sa'adat, imprisoned for allegedly assassinating an Israeli minister. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4804424.stm (BBC)] In retaliation for the Israeli attack in Jericho, Palestinian gunmen kidnap and then release American professor Douglas Johnson. [http://www.forbes.com/home/feeds/ap/2006/03/14/ap2594746.html (Forbes)]date=September 2016 bot=medicbot=medic](/news/2006/03/14/israeli-troops-shell-and-demolish-a-palestinian-prison-in-jericho-seizing-ahmad-sa-adat-imprisoned-for-allegedly-assassinating-an-israeli.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: At least 32 people are injured, including one seriously, when a Palestinian suicide bomber detonates himself at a food stand near Tel Aviv's central bus station. Palestinian Islamic Jihad's al-Quds brigades claims responsibility for the attack. It is the first terrorist attack of the year in Israel. ](/news/2006/01/19/israeli-palestinian-conflict-at-least-32-people-are-injured-including-one-seriously-when-a-palestinian-suicide-bomber-detonates-himself.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A Palestinian stone thrower is shot in the head and killed by Israeli troops raiding the West Bank city of Nablus. At least ten other Palestinians were injured by the IDF troops while two Israeli soldiers were injured by a bomb during the raid. ](/news/2005/12/13/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-stone-thrower-is-shot-in-the-head-and-killed-by-israeli-troops-raiding-the-west-bank-city-of-na.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
10. [ An unarmed Palestinian boy, 13 years old, is shot dead by Israel Defense Forces troops. Israel declares its intention to hold an inquiry into the event. ](/news/2005/09/30/an-unarmed-palestinian-boy-13-years-old-is-shot-dead-by-israel-defense-forces-troops-israel-declares-its-intention-to-hold-an-inquiry-in.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
