### [2005-01-15](/news/2005/01/15/index.md)

#  Palestinian presidential election:: Mahmoud Abbas (a.k.a. Abu Mazen) is sworn in as president of the Palestinian Authority in a ceremony in the West Bank town of Ramallah, six days after winning the Palestinian presidential election. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4176759.stm)

### Related:

1. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah and urges him to restart peace talks, before holding talks with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ](/news/2013/04/8/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-ramallah-and-urges-him-to-restart-peace-t.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority, Ramallah_
2. [Israeli security forces begin evicting people from the illegal Amona, Mateh Binyamin, outpost built on private Palestinian-owned land near Ramallah in the central West Bank. The Supreme Court ordered residents to leave the area last year. ](/news/2017/02/1/israeli-security-forces-begin-evicting-people-from-the-illegal-amona-mateh-binyamin-outpost-built-on-private-palestinian-owned-land-near-r.md) _Context: Ramallah, West Bank_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian political violence: Palestinian rioters set fire to the building containing Joseph's Tomb in the West Bank city of Nablus causing heavy damage to the structure before the fire is put out. Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemns the attack. ](/news/2015/10/16/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-political-violence-palestinian-rioters-set-fire-to-the-building-containing-joseph-s-tomb-in-the-w.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, West Bank_
4. [The settlement minister of the Palestinian Authority, Ziad Abu Ein, dies after a confrontation with Israeli soldiers during a West Bank protest. ](/news/2014/12/10/the-settlement-minister-of-the-palestinian-authority-ziad-abu-ein-dies-after-a-confrontation-with-israeli-soldiers-during-a-west-bank-prot.md) _Context: Palestinian Authority, West Bank_
5. [Palestinians in Ramallah protest outside the offices of Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas against the 1993 Oslo Peace Accords between Israel and the PLO. ](/news/2012/07/4/palestinians-in-ramallah-protest-outside-the-offices-of-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-against-the-1993-oslo-peace-accords-be.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Ramallah_
6. [Hundreds of activists demonstrate in Ramallah to protest against the violent dispersal of two similar rallies at the weekend in a rare expression of public discontent with the ruling party of the Palestinian Authority headed by Mahmud Abbas. ](/news/2012/07/3/hundreds-of-activists-demonstrate-in-ramallah-to-protest-against-the-violent-dispersal-of-two-similar-rallies-at-the-weekend-in-a-rare-expre.md) _Context: Palestinian Authority, Ramallah_
7. [Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu decides to make legal under Israeli law three settlement outposts in the occupied West Bank, to "formalise the status" of Bruchin and Rechelim, in the north, and Sansana, near Hebron in the south. The Palestinian Authority criticises the decision. ](/news/2012/04/24/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-decides-to-make-legal-under-israeli-law-three-settlement-outposts-in-the-occupied-west-bank-to-f.md) _Context: Palestinian Authority, West Bank_
8. [A Palestinian man is shot and killed after clashes at an Israeli checkpoint near Ramallah in the West Bank. ](/news/2012/02/24/a-palestinian-man-is-shot-and-killed-after-clashes-at-an-israeli-checkpoint-near-ramallah-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Ramallah, West Bank_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: During the opening of the General Assembly of the United Nations, the President of the Palestinian National Authority, Mahmoud Abbas, makes a bid for UN recognition in a unilateral declaration of a Palestinian state, which would exist in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank, and have East Jerusalem as its capital. ](/news/2011/09/23/israeli-palestinian-conflict-during-the-opening-of-the-general-assembly-of-the-united-nations-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, West Bank_
10. [President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas speaks of the possibility of dissolving the Authority if Israel continues its construction on occupied Palestinian land in the West Bank, saying there is little point remaining "the president of an authority that doesn't exist". ](/news/2010/12/4/president-of-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-speaks-of-the-possibility-of-dissolving-the-authority-if-israel-continues-its-construct.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, West Bank_
