### [2003-10-12](/news/2003/10/12/index.md)

#  2003 occupation of Iraq: A huge explosion occurs in the center of Baghdad, possibly caused by car bomb. A number of fatalities are reported. The blast takes place in Baghdad Hotel.




### Related:

1. [ A suicide bomber detonates explosives near an LPG (propane) fuel tanker parked near a gas station south of Baghdad, sparking a massive explosion that kills more than 60 people and wounds as many as 100 in one of the worst insurgent attacks to hit the area since the US occupation of Iraq. ](/news/2005/07/16/a-suicide-bomber-detonates-explosives-near-an-lpg-propane-fuel-tanker-parked-near-a-gas-station-south-of-baghdad-sparking-a-massive-expl.md) _Context: Baghdad, U.S. presence in Iraq_
2. [ U.S.-led occupation of Iraq: It is reported that, on July 29, members of the Oregon National Guard witnessed detainees being beaten and tortured in the grounds of the Iraqi Ministry of the Interior in Baghdad, and immediately intervened--only to subsequently receive orders from their superior officers to "stand down" and leave the grounds. ](/news/2004/08/7/u-s-led-occupation-of-iraq-it-is-reported-that-on-july-29-members-of-the-oregon-national-guard-witnessed-detainees-being-beaten-and-tor.md) _Context: Baghdad, U.S. presence in Iraq_
3. [ Suicide bombers detonate boats alongside two oil tankers and a coalition boat in the Persian Gulf, targeting Iraq's main oil terminal, Basra. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml;jsessionid=BATOJRSIWHFBQCRBAELCFEY?type=topNews&storyID=4929705&section=news (Reuters)] A bomb in Baghdad's Sadr City market kills 12 Iraqis. In a separate incident, five US soldiers are killed in a rocket attack on a military base north of Baghdad. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/meast/04/24/iraq.main/index.html (CNN)] [http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&cid=540&e=1&u=/ap/20040424/ap_on_re_mi_ea/iraq (AP)] Leaders of Australia and Bulgaria visited their troops Sunday. Australian Prime Minister John Howard joined Australian troops in Baghdad for ceremonies honoring the country's war dead. Bulgarian President Georgi Parvanov visited his country's troops two days after a Bulgarian soldier was shot dead in Karbala, the sixth from that country to die in the war.](/news/2004/04/24/suicide-bombers-detonate-boats-alongside-two-oil-tankers-and-a-coalition-boat-in-the-persian-gulf-targeting-iraq-s-main-oil-terminal-basr.md) _Context: Baghdad, U.S. presence in Iraq_
4. [ U.S.-led occupation of Iraq: Mortar attacks by Anti-American insurgents wound 35 U.S. soldiers at a military camp west of Baghdad. Six mortar rounds exploded around 6:45 p.m. local time.](/news/2004/01/7/u-s-led-occupation-of-iraq-mortar-attacks-by-anti-american-insurgents-wound-35-u-s-soldiers-at-a-military-camp-west-of-baghdad-six-mort.md) _Context: Baghdad, U.S. presence in Iraq_
5. [ Occupation of Iraq: A car bomb explodes near the Jordanian Embassy in Baghdad, Iraq. At least 10 people are killed and more than 30 are injured. The bomb, hidden in a minibus, is believed to be detonated remotely.](/news/2003/08/7/occupation-of-iraq-a-car-bomb-explodes-near-the-jordanian-embassy-in-baghdad-iraq-at-least-10-people-are-killed-and-more-than-30-are-inj.md) _Context: Baghdad, U.S. presence in Iraq_
6. [  A car bomb explosion outside a popular ice cream parlor in central Baghdad kills 13 people and injures 24. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/05/30/a-car-bomb-explosion-outside-a-popular-ice-cream-parlor-in-central-baghdad-kills-13-people-and-injures-24-isil-claims-responsibility-for.md) _Context: Baghdad_
7. [A car bomb attack on a police checkpoint in Baghdad kills at least 15 people and injures 40 others. ](/news/2017/03/29/a-car-bomb-attack-on-a-police-checkpoint-in-baghdad-kills-at-least-15-people-and-injures-40-others.md) _Context: Baghdad_
8. [A car bomb in Baghdad's southwestern Hayy Al-A'amel neighborhood kills at least 23 people, and wounds 45 others. ](/news/2017/03/20/a-car-bomb-in-baghdad-s-southwestern-hayy-al-a-amel-neighborhood-kills-at-least-23-people-and-wounds-45-others.md) _Context: Baghdad_
9. [The Iraqi Air Force strikes ISIL targets inside Syria for the first time in response to recent bombings in Baghdad. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-iraqi-air-force-strikes-isil-targets-inside-syria-for-the-first-time-in-response-to-recent-bombings-in-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad_
10. [A car bomb explodes in a Shi'ite neighbourhood in Baghdad, killing at least 48 people. ISIL claimed responsibility for the bombing. ](/news/2017/02/16/a-car-bomb-explodes-in-a-shi-ite-neighbourhood-in-baghdad-killing-at-least-48-people-isil-claimed-responsibility-for-the-bombing.md) _Context: Baghdad_
