### [2008-06-23](/news/2008/06/23/index.md)

#  2008 Pacific typhoon season: Typhoon Fengshen in the Philippines: An additional 28 survivors from the MV "Princess of the Stars" are found but there are still more than 800 missing from the vessel that sunk during Typhoon Fengshen. 

Rescuers scoured theseas around a capsized ferry in the Philippines on Monday formore than 800 people missing after it sank two days ago, as theofficial death toll from a typhoon rose to about 160.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/asiaCrisis/idUKL2271488720080623)

### Related:

1. [ 2008 Pacific typhoon season: Typhoon Fengshen in the Philippines: Divers see bodies in the wreck of the MV "Princess of the Stars" off the coast of the Philippines, but no sign of survivors. ](/news/2008/06/24/2008-pacific-typhoon-season-typhoon-fengshen-in-the-philippines-divers-see-bodies-in-the-wreck-of-the-mv-princess-of-the-stars-off-the.md) _Context: 2008 Pacific typhoon season, MV ''Princess of the Stars, Philippines, Typhoon Fengshen_
2. [ 2008 Pacific typhoon season: Typhoon Fengshen in the Philippines: The death toll in the Philippines from Typhoon Fengshen rises to at least 155 according to Red Cross estimates with 59 people dead and 40 people missing in Iloilo province alone. ](/news/2008/06/22/2008-pacific-typhoon-season-typhoon-fengshen-in-the-philippines-the-death-toll-in-the-philippines-from-typhoon-fengshen-rises-to-at-least.md) _Context: 2008 Pacific typhoon season, Philippines, Typhoon Fengshen_
3. [ 2008 Pacific typhoon season: Typhoon Fengshen in the Philippines: The death toll in the Philippines from Typhoon Fengshen rises to at least 20 from flooding and landslides. Ten people drown after the Rifao River overflows its banks and sweeps away three houses in South Upi, Maguindanao. ](/news/2008/06/21/2008-pacific-typhoon-season-typhoon-fengshen-in-the-philippines-the-death-toll-in-the-philippines-from-typhoon-fengshen-rises-to-at-least.md) _Context: 2008 Pacific typhoon season, Philippines, Typhoon Fengshen_
4. [ 2008 Pacific typhoon season: Typhoon Fengshen in the Philippines: At least two people die in a landslide in Cotabato City in Mindanao as Typhoon Fengshen hits the Philippines. ](/news/2008/06/20/2008-pacific-typhoon-season-typhoon-fengshen-in-the-philippines-at-least-two-people-die-in-a-landslide-in-cotabato-city-in-mindanao-as-ty.md) _Context: 2008 Pacific typhoon season, Philippines, Typhoon Fengshen_
5. [ The discovery that the sunken Philippines ferry MV "Princess of the Stars" was carrying 10,000 kilos of the dangerous pesticide endosulfan leads to the temporary cessation of the recovery of the bodies on board. ](/news/2008/06/27/the-discovery-that-the-sunken-philippines-ferry-mv-princess-of-the-stars-was-carrying-10-000-kilos-of-the-dangerous-pesticide-endosulfan.md) _Context: MV ''Princess of the Stars, Philippines_
6. [Battle of Marawi: The Pentagon is considering conducting airstrikes in Marawi, which if approved would later put U.S. troops on the ground to battle the ISIS-affiliated Maute group as well as related Islamist terror groups. A spokesperson later denied the claims as well as clarified that the Philippines has yet to make a request. ](/news/2017/08/8/battle-of-marawi-the-pentagon-is-considering-conducting-airstrikes-in-marawi-which-if-approved-would-later-put-u-s-troops-on-the-ground-t.md) _Context: Philippines_
7. [Philippine Drug War: Hundreds of sympathizers attend the funeral procession of a teenager killed allegedly due to the ongoing drug purge in the Philippines. ](/news/2017/08/26/philippine-drug-war-hundreds-of-sympathizers-attend-the-funeral-procession-of-a-teenager-killed-allegedly-due-to-the-ongoing-drug-purge-in.md) _Context: Philippines_
8. [Earthquakes in 2017: Two people die in an earthquake in Leyte, Philippines. ](/news/2017/08/23/earthquakes-in-2017-two-people-die-in-an-earthquake-in-leyte-philippines.md) _Context: Philippines_
9. [Tourism in the Philippines: Viacom International Media Networks has announced it will no longer pursue a Nickelodeon underwater theme park and resort in Palawan, Philippines. The project, announced last January, attracted controversy due to criticisms from environmentalist groups who fear the resort might destroy the area's marine ecosystem, home to two UNESCO World Heritage sites. ](/news/2017/08/22/tourism-in-the-philippines-viacom-international-media-networks-has-announced-it-will-no-longer-pursue-a-nickelodeon-underwater-theme-park-a.md) _Context: Philippines_
10. [Philippine Drug War: After the shooting of Kian Loyd delos Santos, a 17-year old student, in the campaign against drugs in the Philippines, thousands of marchers protest in EDSA heeding calls from the Philippine Catholic Church to criticize the drug war. ](/news/2017/08/21/philippine-drug-war-after-the-shooting-of-kian-loyd-delos-santos-a-17-year-old-student-in-the-campaign-against-drugs-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: Philippines_
