### [2008-06-23](/news/2008/06/23/index.md)

#  The Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit rules that Hozaifa Parhat, a Chinese Uyghur militant currently detained at the Guantanamo Bay detention camp, cannot be ruled an "enemy combatant" because he never took up arms against the United States. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20080623/ap_on_go_su_co/guantanamo_chinese_muslim)

### Related:

1. [Switzerland agrees to accept two Chinese Muslim Uyghurs from the Guantanamo Bay detention camp. ](/news/2010/02/4/switzerland-agrees-to-accept-two-chinese-muslim-uyghurs-from-the-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp.md) _Context: China's, Guantanamo Bay detention camp, Uyghur_
2. [ The United States abandons the term "enemy combatant" for detainees at Guantanamo Bay Naval Base's detention camp.  ](/news/2009/03/13/the-united-states-abandons-the-term-enemy-combatant-for-detainees-at-guanta-namo-bay-naval-base-s-detention-camp.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay detention camp, United States, enemy combatant_
3. [Oman receives 10 former detainees of the Guantanamo Bay detention camp following a request by the United States to take them. ](/news/2017/01/16/oman-receives-10-former-detainees-of-the-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-following-a-request-by-the-united-states-to-take-them.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay detention camp, United States_
4. [The People's Republic of China lodges a complaint with the United States after President-elect of the United States Donald Trump speaks with President of Taiwan Tsai Ing-wen. The PRC and the United States view Taiwan as a breakaway province. ](/news/2016/12/3/the-people-s-republic-of-china-lodges-a-complaint-with-the-united-states-after-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-speaks-with.md) _Context: China's, United States_
5. [The People's Republic of China returns a United States unmanned underwater drone that it seized in the South China Sea last week. ](/news/2016/12/20/the-people-s-republic-of-china-returns-a-united-states-unmanned-underwater-drone-that-it-seized-in-the-south-china-sea-last-week.md) _Context: China's, United States_
6. [United States President-elect Donald Trump holds a telephone conversation with Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen, the first known contact between a U.S. president or president-elect with a Taiwanese leader since the United States recognized the People's Republic of China in 1979. ](/news/2016/12/2/united-states-president-elect-donald-trump-holds-a-telephone-conversation-with-taiwanese-president-tsai-ing-wen-the-first-known-contact-bet.md) _Context: China's, United States_
7. [The United States announces that it will transfer nine Yemeni detainees from the Guantanamo Bay detention camp to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2016/04/16/the-united-states-announces-that-it-will-transfer-nine-yemeni-detainees-from-the-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-to-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay detention camp, United States_
8. [A U.S. official announces that The Pentagon plans to transfer about a dozen inmates from the Guantanamo Bay detention camp to at least two countries that have agreed to take them, in the latest move in Barack Obama's final push to close the facility. The official declined to name the countries ready to take them in. ](/news/2016/03/31/a-u-s-official-announces-that-the-pentagon-plans-to-transfer-about-a-dozen-inmates-from-the-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-to-at-least-two-c.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay detention camp, United States_
9. [The President of Taiwan Ma Ying-jeou visits Taiping Island, Taiwan's largest island in the South China Sea, despite the United States warning it could provoke diplomatic tensions with the People's Republic of China and other nations in the area. ](/news/2016/01/28/the-president-of-taiwan-ma-ying-jeou-visits-taiping-island-taiwan-s-largest-island-in-the-south-china-sea-despite-the-united-states-warnin.md) _Context: China's, United States_
10. [The United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia suspends district court judge Richard Leon's ruling yesterday that found the U.S. National Security Agency's phone data collection program is unconstitutional. Leon's decision barred the agency from further collection of data on the plaintiffs in the case -- California attorney J.J. Little and his law firm -- but did not have sufficient authority to outlaw the practice against all Americans. The government plea for the injunction said it will take "at least several weeks" for the NSA to implement a technical change that would prevent collection of Little's data and therefore the entire program would have to shut down early based on Leon's order. ](/news/2015/11/10/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-district-of-columbia-suspends-district-court-judge-richard-leon-s-ruling-yesterday-that-found-the.md) _Context: U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit, United States_
