### [2002-10-31](/news/2002/10/31/index.md)

#  The Russian Health Minister Yuri Shevchenko has now stated that the incapacitating agent used in the storming of the Moscow theatre siege was a fentanyl derivative.




### Related:

1. [ Moscow theatre siege, Second Chechen War: Some medical experts now believe that the Moscow hostages and terrorists were gassed with a military incapacitating agent such as BZ or a similar substance. Others claim that a fentanyl derivative may have been used. The U.S. Embassy in Moscow stated that it believed that the substance was an opiate. Other candidates suggested include the Russian incapacitating agent Kolokol-1 and aerosolized Valium. Yet another medical expert has stated that the gas used is a common anaesthetic gas that is commonly used in Europe.](/news/2002/10/29/moscow-theatre-siege-second-chechen-war-some-medical-experts-now-believe-that-the-moscow-hostages-and-terrorists-were-gassed-with-a-milit.md) _Context: Moscow theatre siege, fentanyl, incapacitating agent_
2. [Nine people die in Vancouver, British Columbia from overdoses of fentanyl. ](/news/2016/12/16/nine-people-die-in-vancouver-british-columbia-from-overdoses-of-fentanyl.md) _Context: fentanyl_
3. [An autopsy finds that American musician Prince died of an overdose of fentanyl, an opioid painkiller 50 times more powerful than heroin. ](/news/2016/06/2/an-autopsy-finds-that-american-musician-prince-died-of-an-overdose-of-fentanyl-an-opioid-painkiller-50-times-more-powerful-than-heroin.md) _Context: fentanyl_
4. [ Moscow theatre siege, Second Chechen War: Special forces of the Russian army attack the Chechen separatists who were holding hostages in a Moscow theater. Fifty of the 53 separatists and 117 of the 800 hostages are killed. Most of hostages were killed by poison gas used by the special forces, with most of the surviving hostages hospitalised with gas poisoning.](/news/2002/10/26/moscow-theatre-siege-second-chechen-war-special-forces-of-the-russian-army-attack-the-chechen-separatists-who-were-holding-hostages-in-a.md) _Context: Moscow theatre siege_
5. [ Moscow theatre siege, Second Chechen War: The Chechen separatist "suicide squad" release eight children, but keep some 700 people hostage in a Moscow theater rigged with explosives. Diplomats wait for the gunmen to honor a pledge to free about 75 foreigners among their hostages, including Australians, Austrians, Britons, Germans and three Americans.](/news/2002/10/25/moscow-theatre-siege-second-chechen-war-the-chechen-separatist-suicide-squad-release-eight-children-but-keep-some-700-people-hostage-i.md) _Context: Moscow theatre siege_
6. [ Moscow theatre siege, Second Chechen War: The Chechen rebels holding hundreds of hostages in a Moscow theater shot and killed one captive and said they were ready to die for their cause, warning that thousands more of their comrades were "keen on dying." ](/news/2002/10/24/moscow-theatre-siege-second-chechen-war-the-chechen-rebels-holding-hundreds-of-hostages-in-a-moscow-theater-shot-and-killed-one-captive-a.md) _Context: Moscow theatre siege_
7. [ Moscow theatre siege, Second Chechen War: Suspected Chechen guerrillas took hundreds hostage in a theater in Moscow, threatening to blow up the building and demanding withdrawal of Russian troops from Chechnya.](/news/2002/10/23/moscow-theatre-siege-second-chechen-war-suspected-chechen-guerrillas-took-hundreds-hostage-in-a-theater-in-moscow-threatening-to-blow-up.md) _Context: Moscow theatre siege_
