### [2007-01-29](/news/2007/01/29/index.md)

#  Three civilians are killed in a suicide bombing in the southern Israeli city of Eilat. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/6309029.stm)

### Related:

1. [Sinai insurgency: Israel intercepts and destroys a Grad rocket fired by Mujahideen Shura Council al-Qaeda members from Egyptian territory at the Red Sea town of Eilat. ](/news/2013/08/13/sinai-insurgency-israel-intercepts-and-destroys-a-grad-rocket-fired-by-mujahideen-shura-council-al-qaeda-members-from-egyptian-territory-at.md) _Context: Eilat, Israel_
2. [An Israeli air strike on Gaza City kills Hitham Maskhal, a well known Palestinian militant and injures another in the first such attack since the November ceasefire. Both suspected Palestinian militants were part of the militant group which fired rockets at the southern Israeli city of Eilat two weeks ago.  ](/news/2013/04/30/an-israeli-air-strike-on-gaza-city-kills-hitham-maskhal-a-well-known-palestinian-militant-and-injures-another-in-the-first-such-attack-sinc.md) _Context: Eilat, Israel_
3. [Arab-Israeli conflict:Two rockets fired from Egypt's Sinai Peninsula hit the Israeli resort of Eilat, but land in open areas, causing no damage. Three more rockets hit open areas in neighboring Jordan. ](/news/2013/04/17/arabaisraeli-conflict-ptwo-rockets-fired-from-egypt-s-sinai-peninsula-hit-the-israeli-resort-of-eilat-but-land-in-open-areas-causing-no.md) _Context: Eilat, Israel_
4. [A rocket fired from Egypt's Sinai desert hits the Israeli city of Eilat but causes no injuries or property damage. ](/news/2012/04/5/a-rocket-fired-from-egypt-s-sinai-desert-hits-the-israeli-city-of-eilat-but-causes-no-injuries-or-property-damage.md) _Context: Eilat, Israel_
5. [ Twenty-four Russian tourists are killed when their bus plummets into a ravine near Eilat in southern Israel, making this road accident the deadliest in the state's history. ](/news/2008/12/16/twenty-four-russian-tourists-are-killed-when-their-bus-plummets-into-a-ravine-near-eilat-in-southern-israel-making-this-road-accident-the.md) _Context: Eilat, Israel_
6. [ A suicide bomber kills a woman and injures at least 10 people in Dimona, Israel. ](/news/2008/02/4/a-suicide-bomber-kills-a-woman-and-injures-at-least-10-people-in-dimona-israel.md) _Context: Israel, suicide bombing_
7. [ A Jordanian soldier dies when three unexploded Katyusha rockets miss their targets and hit a warehouse and hospital in Aqaba, Jordan and hit a road by the airport in nearby Eilat, Israel.  A group with alleged links to Al-Qaeda claims responsibility for the attacks, stating the targets were US ships docked at the Red Sea port in Aqaba, the USS ''Kearsarge'' and the USS ''Ashland''. ](/news/2005/08/19/a-jordanian-soldier-dies-when-three-unexploded-katyusha-rockets-miss-their-targets-and-hit-a-warehouse-and-hospital-in-aqaba-jordan-and-hi.md) _Context: Eilat, Israel_
8. [A shooting at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's  Al-Aqsa Mosque. Another Jordanian man was killed inadvertently. ](/news/2017/07/23/a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordanian-wounded-there-is-s.md) _Context: Israel_
9. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [Israel arrests Palestinian lawmaker Khalida Jarrar over allegations of her inciting of violence. ](/news/2017/07/2/israel-arrests-palestinian-lawmaker-khalida-jarrar-over-allegations-of-her-inciting-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel_
