### [2006-11-21](/news/2006/11/21/index.md)

#  President of the United States George W. Bush and the Prime Minister of Iraq Nouri al-Maliki announce plans to meet next week to discuss security issues in Iraq. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Fox 31 Colorado](http://www.myfoxcolorado.com/myfox/pages/News/Detail?contentId=1560039&version=2&locale=EN-US&layoutCode=TSTY&pageId=3.4.1)

### Related:

1. [ U.S. President George W. Bush makes a surprise 5-hour visit to Iraq to meet with newly named Prime Minister of Iraq Nouri al-Maliki, President of Iraq Jalal Talibani, national political leaders and U.S. troops. The visit was kept a secret from al-Maliki until five minutes before they met. ](/news/2006/06/13/u-s-president-george-w-bush-makes-a-surprise-5-hour-visit-to-iraq-to-meet-with-newly-named-prime-minister-of-iraq-nouri-al-maliki-presid.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, Iraq Prime Minister, Nouri al-Maliki, President of the United States_
2. [ A meeting between the President of the United States George W. Bush and the Prime Minister of Iraq Nouri al-Maliki in Jordan is cancelled. A classified Bush administration memo critical of the ability of al-Maliki to bring sectarian conflict under control had previously been published in ''The New York Times''. In a later meeting, they decided that Iraq should not be divided into semi-autonomous zones. ](/news/2006/11/30/a-meeting-between-the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-and-the-prime-minister-of-iraq-nouri-al-maliki-in-jordan-is-cancelled.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq Prime Minister, Nouri al-Maliki, President of the United States_
3. [Iraq's embattled Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki says that he will file a legal complaint against President Fuad Masum for opposing Maliki's reappointment. ](/news/2014/08/11/iraq-s-embattled-prime-minister-nouri-al-maliki-says-that-he-will-file-a-legal-complaint-against-president-fuad-masum-for-opposing-maliki-s.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraq Prime Minister, Nouri al-Maliki_
4. [The Prime Minister of Iraq Nouri al-Maliki confirms that the Syrian Air Force bombed Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant positions in Iraq earlier in the week. ](/news/2014/06/26/the-prime-minister-of-iraq-nouri-al-maliki-confirms-that-the-syrian-air-force-bombed-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-positions-in-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraq Prime Minister, Nouri al-Maliki_
5. [2011-2013 Iraqi protests:Ongoing protests by Sunni Muslims in Iraq against the government of Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki turn deadly, as clashes leave 7 protesters and 2 soldiers dead in Fallujah. More than 60 others are injured, and at least 3 soldiers are kidnapped by unidentified gunmen. ](/news/2013/01/25/2011a2013-iraqi-protests-pongoing-protests-by-sunni-muslims-in-iraq-against-the-government-of-prime-minister-nouri-al-maliki-turn-deadly.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraq Prime Minister, Nouri al-Maliki_
6. [Massive Sunni-led demonstrations erupt across Iraq demanding the resignation of Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki. ](/news/2012/12/28/massive-sunni-led-demonstrations-erupt-across-iraq-demanding-the-resignation-of-prime-minister-nouri-al-maliki.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraq Prime Minister, Nouri al-Maliki_
7. [Iraqi politicians seem to have brokered a deal to end the impasse over who would form the Government with the Iraqi National Movement agreeing to join a government led by Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki. ](/news/2010/11/11/iraqi-politicians-seem-to-have-brokered-a-deal-to-end-the-impasse-over-who-would-form-the-government-with-the-iraqi-national-movement-agreei.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraq Prime Minister, Nouri al-Maliki_
8. [ Iraqi journalist Muntadhar al-Zaidi is sentenced to three years in prison for throwing shoes at then-United States President George W. Bush. ](/news/2009/03/12/iraqi-journalist-muntadhar-al-zaidi-is-sentenced-to-three-years-in-prison-for-throwing-shoes-at-then-united-states-president-george-w-bush.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, President of the United States_
9. [ United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon visits Iraq to meet with Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki. ](/news/2009/02/6/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-visits-iraq-to-meet-with-prime-minister-nouri-al-maliki.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraq Prime Minister, Nouri al-Maliki_
10. [ Iraqi Parliament Speaker Mahmoud al-Mashhadani announces his resignation because of chaos over the treatment of Muntadhar al-Zaidi, the Al-Baghdadia TV journalist who threw his shoes at United States President George W. Bush. ](/news/2008/12/17/iraqi-parliament-speaker-mahmoud-al-mashhadani-announces-his-resignation-because-of-chaos-over-the-treatment-of-muntadhar-al-zaidi-the-al.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, President of the United States_
