### [2009-09-21](/news/2009/09/21/index.md)

#  A 6.1 magnitude earthquake occurs in eastern Bhutan and is felt in northeast India, Tibet and Bangladesh, leaving at least 10 dead. 




### Source:

1. [BBS](http://www.bbs.com.bt/Earthquake%20hits%20Bhutan.html)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2009/WORLD/asiapcf/09/21/bhutan.quake/)
3. [Earth Times](http://www.earthtimes.org/articles/show/286603,seven-dead-as-quake-rocks-bhutan-india-and-tibet--summary.html)
4. [Indian Express](http://www.indianexpress.com/news/earthquake-kills-at-least-7-in-bhutan-shakes-assam/519737/)
5. [Malaysia Star](http://thestar.com.my/news/story.asp?file=/2009/9/21/apworld/20090921173152&sec=apworld)

### Related:

1. [2011 Sikkim earthquake:A magnitude 6.9 earthquake occurs in northwestern Sikkim, northern India, causing shaking in parts of India, Nepal, Bhutan, Bangladesh and Tibet Autonomous Region. At least thirty seven deaths are reported. ](/news/2011/09/18/2011-sikkim-earthquake-pa-magnitude-6-9-earthquake-occurs-in-northwestern-sikkim-northern-india-causing-shaking-in-parts-of-india-nepal.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Bhutan, India, Tibet Autonomous Region_
2. [Members of the 19th South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) summit, scheduled to be held in Pakistan during November 2016, postpone the meeting following a Indian-led boycott, including Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Bhutan in response to Pakistan's alleged involvement in a deadly terrorist attack on a Indian Army base in Uri, Jammu and Kashmir, on September 18. ](/news/2016/09/28/members-of-the-19th-south-asian-association-for-regional-cooperation-saarc-summit-scheduled-to-be-held-in-pakistan-during-november-2016.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Bhutan, India_
3. [Flooding in South Asia has displaced tens of thousands of people and resulted in an estimated 500 deaths across India, Bangladesh, and Nepal. ](/news/2017/08/18/flooding-in-south-asia-has-displaced-tens-of-thousands-of-people-and-resulted-in-an-estimated-500-deaths-across-india-bangladesh-and-nepal.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India_
4. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: Bhutan, India_
5. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: Bhutan, India_
6. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: Bhutan, India_
7. [Amid a stalemate between India and China over Doklam, disputed between the latter and Bhutan, China renews a call for India to withdraw its troops from Doklam. It follows reports claiming China held live firing drills in the region. ''[http://www.arabnews.com/node/1131641/world (Arab News)]''](/news/2017/07/19/amid-a-stalemate-between-india-and-china-over-doklam-disputed-between-the-latter-and-bhutan-china-renews-a-call-for-india-to-withdraw-its.md) _Context: Bhutan, India_
8. [A stalemate between China and India leads to fears that the ongoing stand-off over Doklam in the Himalayas, disputed by Bhutan, may continue into the winter. It comes after rumors that Indian National Security Adviser Ajit Doval may travel to Beijing later this month. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/beijing-wont-have-formal-talks-with-india-stand-off-may-continue-till-winter-chinese-expert/articleshow/59615025.cms (Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/16/a-stalemate-between-china-and-india-leads-to-fears-that-the-ongoing-stand-off-over-doklam-in-the-himalayas-disputed-by-bhutan-may-continue.md) _Context: Bhutan, India_
9. [Amid a stand-off between India and China over the disputed territory of Doklam which is claimed by Bhutan, the Indian National Congress denies the meeting of Rahul Gandhi with the Chinese ambassador to India. ](/news/2017/07/10/amid-a-stand-off-between-india-and-china-over-the-disputed-territory-of-doklam-which-is-claimed-by-bhutan-the-indian-national-congress-deni.md) _Context: Bhutan, India_
10. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan, China releases a map detailing pieces of land claimed by Bhutan and India as belonging to China. China claims, via the map, that territory up until Gipmochi belongs to China and claims it's supported by the 1890 Convention of Calcutta. ](/news/2017/07/1/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-china-releases-a-map-detailing-pieces-of-land-claimed-by-bhutan-and-india-as-belon.md) _Context: Bhutan, India_
