### [2009-09-21](/news/2009/09/21/index.md)

#  A trial against former Prime Minister of France Dominique de Villepin, over the Clearstream affair, begins in Paris. 

France&#39;s most politically charged trial in years is under way with former prime minister Dominique de Villepin accused of plotting to smear Nicolas Sarkozy before he became president.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/8266001.stm)
2. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/france/6211765/Clearstream-Frances-trial-of-the-century-begins.html)
3. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2009/0921/devillepin.html)
4. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2009/sep/20/sarkozy-de-villepin-clearstream-trial)

### Related:

1. [Former French Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin is cleared of charges of complicity to false denunciation in the ''Clearstream'' affair. ](/news/2010/01/28/former-french-prime-minister-dominique-de-villepin-is-cleared-of-charges-of-complicity-to-false-denunciation-in-the-clearstream-affair.md) _Context: Dominique de Villepin, France, Prime Minister_
2. [ France's political "trial of the century" into the Clearstream affair&mdash;former Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin versus President Nicolas Sarkozy&mdash;opens at the Palais de Justice. ](/news/2009/09/14/france-s-political-trial-of-the-century-into-the-clearstream-affair-mdash-former-prime-minister-dominique-de-villepin-versus-president-ni.md) _Context: Dominique de Villepin, France, Prime Minister_
3. [ Former French Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin is charged with "complicity in slanderous denunciations" and "complicity in using forgeries" for allegedly trying to discredit current President Nicolas Sarkozy. ](/news/2007/07/27/former-french-prime-minister-dominique-de-villepin-is-charged-with-complicity-in-slanderous-denunciations-and-complicity-in-using-forger.md) _Context: Dominique de Villepin, France, Prime Minister_
4. [ French youths set fire to cars and loot shops in Paris during protests against the ''contrat premire embauche'' law that Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin had agreed to discuss with unions. ](/news/2006/03/23/french-youths-set-fire-to-cars-and-loot-shops-in-paris-during-protests-against-the-contrat-premiere-embauche-law-that-prime-minister-do.md) _Context: Dominique de Villepin, Paris, Prime Minister_
5. [A summit begins in Paris, France, to restart peace negotiations between Israel and Palestine in an effort to discuss a possible two-state solution to the conflict. However, neither Israel nor Palestine sent representatives to the summit, casting doubts on a breakthrough. ](/news/2017/01/15/a-summit-begins-in-paris-france-to-restart-peace-negotiations-between-israel-and-palestine-in-an-effort-to-discuss-a-possible-two-state-so.md) _Context: France, Paris_
6. [Paris, France, implements a pollution-reduction program that bans residents from driving cars built before 1997, and motorcycles built before 2000, on weekdays inside the city limits  between 8 a.m. and 8 p.m. ](/news/2016/07/1/paris-france-implements-a-pollution-reduction-program-that-bans-residents-from-driving-cars-built-before-1997-and-motorcycles-built-befor.md) _Context: France, Paris_
7. [A senior French police commander is killed by a  knife-wielding  25-year-old man outside his home in Magnanville near Paris, France. The attacker, who retreated inside the house, is also killed when elite police commandos storm the residence after negotiations failed.  The commander's partner, a female administrative police official, is found dead inside the home, while a young boy is rescued physically unharmed. The Islamic State, via its Amaq News Agency, claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/06/13/a-senior-french-police-commander-is-killed-by-a-knife-wielding-25-year-old-man-outside-his-home-in-magnanville-near-paris-france-the-att.md) _Context: France, Paris_
8. [Twelve Portuguese nationals,  who were residents of Fribourg, Switzerland, are killed in a head-on collision  between their minibus and a truck, on a highway 300 kilometers (185 miles) south of Paris, France. The only survivor from the bus is the driver; the two Italian occupants of the truck are slightly injured. ](/news/2016/03/25/twelve-portuguese-nationals-who-were-residents-of-fribourg-switzerland-are-killed-in-a-head-on-collision-between-their-minibus-and-a-tr.md) _Context: France, Paris_
9. [With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country's 13  regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's  party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-win-in-six-of-the-countryas-13-r.md) _Context: France, Paris_
10. [2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP21)France is deploying more than 10,000 personnel to provide security for the two-week UN Climate Change Conference that opens in Le Bourget in Paris on Monday, November 30, 2015. Around 150 heads of state or government are expected to attend COP21's  opening day. ](/news/2015/11/26/2015-united-nations-climate-change-conference-cop21-pfrance-is-deploying-more-than-10-000-personnel-to-provide-security-for-the-two-week-un.md) _Context: France, Paris_
