### [2012-09-22](/news/2012/09/22/index.md)

# The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Melbourne confirms the sexual abuse of more than 600 children by its priests since the 1930s. Bishop Denis Hart deplores the "figures" as "horrific and shameful". Activists say the true number, in Victoria alone, is closer to 10,000. 

The Roman Catholic Church in the Australian state of Victoria confirms that more than 600 children have been sexually abused by priests since the 1930s.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-19683925)

### Related:

1. [The New South Wales Rural Fire Service issues an emergency warning for a bush fire located to the east of Dunedoo in New South Wales, Australia. The warning comes amidst "unprecedented" fire conditions across the region, deemed to be worse than the conditions precipitating the 2009 Black Saturday bushfires in Victoria. ](/news/2017/02/12/the-new-south-wales-rural-fire-service-issues-an-emergency-warning-for-a-bush-fire-located-to-the-east-of-dunedoo-in-new-south-wales-austra.md) _Context: Victoria_
2. [ Australian east coast low. New South Wales facing evacuations and a rising flood threat as heavy rain and high winds hit Sydney and Newcastle. Parts of Victoria and Tasmania are braced for wild weather. ](/news/2016/06/5/australian-east-coast-low-new-south-wales-facing-evacuations-and-a-rising-flood-threat-as-heavy-rain-and-high-winds-hit-sydney-and-newcast.md) _Context: Victoria_
3. [2015-16 Australian bushfire season. Emergency warnings are issued after bushfires threaten the Victorian towns of Mount Bolton and Addington northwest of Ballarat as well as the town of Somerville, Victoria, on the Mornington Peninsula. ](/news/2016/02/23/2015-16-australian-bushfire-season-emergency-warnings-are-issued-after-bushfires-threaten-the-victorian-towns-of-mount-bolton-and-addingt.md) _Context: Victoria_
4. [2015-16 Australian bushfire season. A bushfire in Victoria state has destroyed 116 homes. The 2200-hectare Jamieson Track blaze razed 98 homes in Wye River and 18 at Separation Creek. The fire stopped just 500 meters short of Kennett River. A dousing of rain on Saturday was unlikely to do much in the long term as this blaze could continue into January or February, says emergency management commissioner Craig Lapsley. No injuries are reported. ](/news/2015/12/26/2015-16-australian-bushfire-season-a-bushfire-in-victoria-state-has-destroyed-116-homes-the-2200-hectare-jamieson-track-blaze-razed-98-h.md) _Context: Victoria_
5. [Pope Francis accepts the resignation of Robert Finn as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Kansas City-Saint Joseph for failing to report a suspected child abuser. ](/news/2015/04/21/pope-francis-accepts-the-resignation-of-robert-finn-as-bishop-of-the-roman-catholic-diocese-of-kansas-city-saint-joseph-for-failing-to-rep.md) _Context: bishop_
6. [A bomb threat on Tigerair Flight 539 at Melbourne Airport, Victoria, Australia, causes disruptions for passengers and airlines throughout the airport. ](/news/2015/01/10/a-bomb-threat-on-tigerair-flight-539-at-melbourne-airport-victoria-australia-causes-disruptions-for-passengers-and-airlines-throughout-th.md) _Context: Victoria_
7. [Voters go to the polls in the Australian state of Victoria for a state election. The election sees Labor, led by Daniel Andrews, defeat Denis Napthine's Liberal-National Coalition, the first time a one-term government has lost power in the state since 1955. ](/news/2014/11/29/voters-go-to-the-polls-in-the-australian-state-of-victoria-for-a-state-election-the-election-sees-labor-led-by-daniel-andrews-defeat-deni.md) _Context: Victoria_
8. [Six men are arrested in the Australian state of Victoria in relation to alleged involvement in an international tennis match-fixing syndicate. ](/news/2014/07/18/six-men-are-arrested-in-the-australian-state-of-victoria-in-relation-to-alleged-involvement-in-an-international-tennis-match-fixing-syndicat.md) _Context: Victoria_
9. [Ten thousand survivors of the Black Saturday bushfires in the Australian state of Victoria in February 2009 win a settlement of A$497.4 million against utility company SP AusNet, its maintenance contractor and the Victorian Department of Sustainability and Environment for poor inadequate maintenance and protection measures. ](/news/2014/07/15/ten-thousand-survivors-of-the-black-saturday-bushfires-in-the-australian-state-of-victoria-in-february-2009-win-a-settlement-of-a-497-4-mill.md) _Context: Victoria_
10. [The General Synod of the Church of England meeting in York votes to allow women to become bishops. ](/news/2014/07/14/the-general-synod-of-the-church-of-england-meeting-in-york-votes-to-allow-women-to-become-bishops.md) _Context: bishop_
