### [2015-09-25](/news/2015/09/25/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War: New Syrian Forces trade American supplied equipment to the Al Qaeda-linked Nusra Front in return for safe passage. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via ''Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/reuters/article-3249649/New-Syrian-Forces-turned-coalition-issued-equipment-Nusra-Front-U-S.html#ixzz3mnG0dMj1)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War:: The al-Qaeda-linked Nusra Front releases dozens of Fijian United Nations peacekeepers captured near the Golan Heights. ](/news/2014/09/11/syrian-civil-war-the-al-qaeda-linked-nusra-front-releases-dozens-of-fijian-united-nations-peacekeepers-captured-near-the-golan-heights.md) _Context: Nusra Front, Syrian Civil War, al-Qaeda_
2. [Syrian Civil War: Tahrir al-Sham, al-Qaeda's branch in Syria, claims responsibility for yesterday's twin bomb attacks in Damascus which left dozens dead. ](/news/2017/03/12/syrian-civil-war-tahrir-al-sham-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-claims-responsibility-for-yesterday-s-twin-bomb-attacks-in-damascus-which-left.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, al-Qaeda_
3. [ Syrian Civil War: War on Terrorism: The Pentagon rejects a Russian proposal to stage joint airstrikes against Al-Qaeda linked groups in Syria. ](/news/2016/05/21/syrian-civil-war-war-on-terrorism-the-pentagon-rejects-a-russian-proposal-to-stage-joint-airstrikes-against-al-qaeda-linked-groups-in-syr.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, al-Qaeda_
4. [Syrian Civil War: Second Battle of Maarat al-Nu'man: The al-Nusra Front, an al-Qaeda affiliate, assaults the Free Syrian Army's 13th Division in Maarrat al-Nu'man, killing seven FSA fighters with 40 captured. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says Nusra seized anti-tank missiles, armored vehicles, a tank, and other arms from the U.S.-backed division. ](/news/2016/03/13/syrian-civil-war-second-battle-of-maarat-al-nu-man-the-al-nusra-front-an-al-qaeda-affiliate-assaults-the-free-syrian-army-s-13th-divisio.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, al-Qaeda_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War: Russian airstrikes on a Al-Nusra Front (Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria)-run prison complex in the northern town of Maarrat al-Nu'man, Idlib, leaves nearly 60 people dead. Most of those killed were rebels imprisoned by Al-Nusra, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/01/9/syrian-civil-war-russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-russian-airstrikes-on-a-al-nusra-front-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, al-Qaeda_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Al-Nusra Front's (Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria) leader Abu Suleiman al-Masri is reportedly killed in the Aleppo province during clashes with the Syrian Army. ](/news/2015/10/24/syrian-civil-war-al-nusra-front-s-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-leader-abu-suleiman-al-masri-is-reportedly-killed-in-the-aleppo-province-dur.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, al-Qaeda_
7. [Syrian Civil War: Russian intervention in the Syrian Civil War: The Russian Government says Russian jets bombed Syria for the third consecutive day, hitting 12 Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) targets. The UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that ISIL has no presence in the western and northern areas struck though Al-Qaeda's Syrian affiliate al-Nusra Front does. Russian planes also bombed Raqqah, the unofficial capital of ISIL. ](/news/2015/10/2/syrian-civil-war-russian-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-the-russian-government-says-russian-jets-bombed-syria-for-the-third-consecut.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, al-Qaeda_
8. [Syrian Civil War: A top Al-Qaeda commander is killed in an airstrike in Syria. ](/news/2015/10/17/syrian-civil-war-a-top-al-qaeda-commander-is-killed-in-an-airstrike-in-syria.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, al-Qaeda_
9. [Syrian Civil War: Russian intervention in the Syrian Civil War: Russian air-strikes reportedly kill U.S.-backed Syrian rebels as Russian jets bomb rebel positions in rural areas of northern Syria, including the town of Jisr al-Shughour, which is currently held by Islamist militant groups including Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria, the Al-Nusra Front. ](/news/2015/10/1/syrian-civil-war-russian-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-russian-air-strikes-reportedly-kill-u-s-backed-syrian-rebels-as-russian-jet.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, al-Qaeda_
10. [ Syrian Civil War: A mosque bombing in northern Syria kills 15 members of Al Qaida's affiliate Nusra Front. ](/news/2015/07/4/syrian-civil-war-a-mosque-bombing-in-northern-syria-kills-15-members-of-al-qaida-s-affiliate-nusra-front.md) _Context: Nusra Front, Syrian Civil War_
