### [2009-03-8](/news/2009/03/8/index.md)

#  Two members of the British Army's 38 Engineer Regiment are killed in Antrim, County Antrim, Northern Ireland. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/northern_ireland/7930837.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Detectives arrest a man in Belfast in connection with the Massereene Barracks shooting in County Antrim, Northern Ireland, in March 2009. ](/news/2009/10/20/detectives-arrest-a-man-in-belfast-in-connection-with-the-massereene-barracks-shooting-in-county-antrim-northern-ireland-in-march-2009.md) _Context: 2009 Massereene Barracks shooting, County Antrim, Northern Ireland_
2. [ Operation Banner, the deployment of British Army soldiers in Northern Ireland to support the Police Service of Northern Ireland, ends at midnight marking the conclusion of the Northern Ireland peace process. Operation Banner has been the longest British Army operation in history, lasting 38 years. ](/news/2007/07/31/operation-banner-the-deployment-of-british-army-soldiers-in-northern-ireland-to-support-the-police-service-of-northern-ireland-ends-at-mi.md) _Context: British Army, Northern Ireland_
3. [Politics of the United Kingdom. After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/politics-of-the-united-kingdom-after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-an.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
4. [Castlemartin Training Area. Two British Army soldiers are killed and two others are injured in an incident involving a tank at Castlemartin Training Area in Pembrokeshire, Wales. ](/news/2017/06/14/castlemartin-training-area-two-british-army-soldiers-are-killed-and-two-others-are-injured-in-an-incident-involving-a-tank-at-castlemartin.md) _Context: British Army_
5. [Brexit. European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/brexit-european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expa.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
6. [Police investigate the discovery of human excrement in cans of Coca-Cola in a Northern Ireland bottling facility. None of the contaminated product left the facility. ](/news/2017/03/28/police-investigate-the-discovery-of-human-excrement-in-cans-of-coca-cola-in-a-northern-ireland-bottling-facility-none-of-the-contaminated-p.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
7. [Estonia-United Kingdom relations. Eight hundred British Army troops arrive in Estonia as part of NATO's Enhanced Forward Presence to deter Russian aggression in Eastern Europe. ](/news/2017/03/18/estonia-united-kingdom-relations-eight-hundred-british-army-troops-arrive-in-estonia-as-part-of-nato-s-enhanced-forward-presence-to-deter.md) _Context: British Army_
8. [2016-17 UK and Ireland windstorm season. The Met Office issues warnings for parts of Scotland, Northern England and Northern Ireland as Storm Barbara prepares to make landfall. ](/news/2016/12/20/2016-17-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-the-met-office-issues-warnings-for-parts-of-scotland-northern-england-and-northern-ireland-as-st.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
9. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-th.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
10. [ Dissident Irish Republican campaign. MI5 raises the threat level for dissident Northern Ireland militants from "moderate" to "substantial", meaning there is a strong possibility of an attack on the British mainland. ](/news/2016/05/11/dissident-irish-republican-campaign-mi5-raises-the-threat-level-for-dissident-northern-ireland-militants-from-moderate-to-substantial.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
