### [2013-05-11](/news/2013/05/11/index.md)

# Britain's Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, says that the finance ministers and central bankers of the G7 have agreed there must be co-ordinated action against tax evaders. 

The chancellor says the G7 group of industrialised nations have agreed there needs to be collective action to target tax evasion and avoidance.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-22476233)

### Related:

1. [Iain Duncan Smith resigns his position as the United Kingdom's Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, in opposition to cuts in disability benefit proposed by George Osborne, the Chancellor of the Exchequer. ](/news/2016/03/18/iain-duncan-smith-resigns-his-position-as-the-united-kingdom-s-secretary-of-state-for-work-and-pensions-in-opposition-to-cuts-in-disability.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, United Kingdom_
2. [In the United Kingdom, the unelected House of Lords, Parliament's upper house, delays by three years reductions in tax credits paid to working people that would have cost affected families an average of GBP1,300 ($2,000) a year. This is the first major setback for George Osborne, Chancellor of the Exchequer, since the general election. Osborne said the government will "lessen" the impact of tax credit cuts for those affected, while vowing to press on with changes designed to save billions from welfare. ](/news/2015/10/26/in-the-united-kingdom-the-unelected-house-of-lords-parliamentas-upper-house-delays-by-three-years-reductions-in-tax-credits-paid-to-wor.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, United Kingdom_
3. [George Osborne, the United Kingdom Chancellor of the Exchequer, announces that the tax on bank profits will become permanent. ](/news/2011/02/8/george-osborne-the-united-kingdom-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-announces-that-the-tax-on-bank-profits-will-become-permanent.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne, United Kingdom_
4. [The 42nd G7 summit held at Ise-Shima in Japan's Mie Prefecture concludes with a declaration that the United Kingdom leaving the European Union would pose a "serious threat to world growth". ](/news/2016/05/27/the-42nd-g7-summit-held-at-ise-shima-in-japan-s-mie-prefecture-concludes-with-a-declaration-that-the-united-kingdom-leaving-the-european-uni.md) _Context: G7, United Kingdom_
5. [The Chancellor of the Exchequer George Osborne delivers the 2011 United Kingdom budget. ](/news/2011/03/23/the-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-george-osborne-delivers-the-2011-united-kingdom-budget.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer, George Osborne_
6. [In the United Kingdom, Chancellor George Osborne outlines a Comprehensive Spending Review which will see the biggest spending cuts in decades, totalling GBP81bn, with welfare, local government and police particularly affected. ](/news/2010/10/20/in-the-united-kingdom-chancellor-george-osborne-outlines-a-comprehensive-spending-review-which-will-see-the-biggest-spending-cuts-in-decade.md) _Context: George Osborne, United Kingdom_
7. [ British Chancellor of the Exchequer Alistair Darling delivers the pre Budget report, with tax rises and spending cuts to reduce the government debt. ](/news/2009/12/9/british-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-alistair-darling-delivers-the-pre-budget-report-with-tax-rises-and-spending-cuts-to-reduce-the-governm.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer, United Kingdom_
8. [ Britain's Chancellor of the Exchequer Alistair Darling releases details of a rescue package aimed at restoring confidence in British Banks. As part of the deal the British Government will provide GBP50bn of investment, provide a further GBP200bn in short term loans and guarantee up to GBP250bn of intra-bank loans ](/news/2008/10/8/britain-s-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-alistair-darling-releases-details-of-a-rescue-package-aimed-at-restoring-confidence-in-british-banks.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer, United Kingdom_
9. [ Nominations open for the leadership of the United Kingdom Labour Party with Chancellor of the Exchequer Gordon Brown as the favourite. ](/news/2007/05/14/nominations-open-for-the-leadership-of-the-united-kingdom-labour-party-with-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-gordon-brown-as-the-favourite.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer, United Kingdom_
10. [ Gordon Brown, Chancellor of the Exchequer in the United Kingdom, delivers the 2007 budget. The main rates of corporation tax and income tax will both be reduced by 2% from April 2008, but other taxes are increased. ](/news/2007/03/21/gordon-brown-chancellor-of-the-exchequer-in-the-united-kingdom-delivers-the-2007-budget-the-main-rates-of-corporation-tax-and-income-tax.md) _Context: Chancellor of the Exchequer, United Kingdom_
