### [2017-05-3](/news/2017/05/3/index.md)

# Puerto Rico files for the largest "local government" bankruptcy in the United States. 

Puerto Rico announced a historic restructuring of its public debt on Wednesday, touching off what may be the biggest bankruptcy ever in the $3.8 trillion U.S. municipal bond market.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-puertorico-debt-bankruptcy-idUSKBN17Z1UC)
1. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20170503&t=2&i=1183118875&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXMPED4215X)

### Related:

1. [The United States declares a public health emergency in Puerto Rico over an outbreak of the Zika virus which has infected nearly 11,000 people. ](/news/2016/08/12/the-united-states-declares-a-public-health-emergency-in-puerto-rico-over-an-outbreak-of-the-zika-virus-which-has-infected-nearly-11-000-peop.md) _Context: Puerto Rico, United States_
2. [ Standard & Poor's cut the credit rating of Puerto Rico's Government Development Bank to 'CC', saying a near-term default is a virtual certainty. ](/news/2015/07/15/standard-poor-s-cut-the-credit-rating-of-puerto-rico-s-government-development-bank-to-cc-saying-a-near-term-default-is-a-virtual-certa.md) _Context: Puerto Rico, Puerto Rico government-debt crisis_
3. [United States Federal Bureau of Investigation agents arrest dozens of Puerto Rico police officers accused of aiding drug traffickers. ](/news/2010/10/6/united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigation-agents-arrest-dozens-of-puerto-rico-police-officers-accused-of-aiding-drug-traffickers.md) _Context: Puerto Rico, United States_
4. [Irma has killed at least 14 people. The storm, still at Category 5 strength with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h), is moving west-northwest at 16 mph (26 km/h). It has reached the dual-country island of Hispaniola and is forecast to pass over the Turks and Caicos Islands as it heads towards The Bahamas and Cuba. The eye did not directly hit Puerto Rico; still casualties are reported and around two-thirds of its 3.4 million population are without electricity. ](/news/2017/09/7/irma-has-killed-at-least-14-people-the-storm-still-at-category-5-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-175-mph-280-km-h-is-moving-we.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
5. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: United States_
6. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-km-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
7. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: United States_
8. [  Hurricane Maria makes landfall on Puerto Rico as a Category 4 hurricane. Effects are disastrous and the entire island loses power. Seven deaths are reported on Puerto Rico, along with two on Guadeloupe. Puerto Rican Governor Ricardo Rossello declares a 6:00 p.m. to 6:00 a.m. curfew through Saturday. ](/news/2017/09/20/hurricane-maria-makes-landfall-on-puerto-rico-as-a-category-4-hurricane-effects-are-disastrous-and-the-entire-island-loses-power-seven-d.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
9. [Toys "R" Us files for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection in the United States, and also files for bankruptcy in Canada, as it attempts to restructure its debts. ](/news/2017/09/18/toys-r-us-files-for-chapter-11-bankruptcy-protection-in-the-united-states-and-also-files-for-bankruptcy-in-canada-as-it-attempts-to-rest.md) _Context: Bankruptcy in the United States_
10. [Hurricane Maria reaches Category 5 as it threatens the Leeward Islands, Puerto Rico, and the Dominican Republic. ](/news/2017/09/18/hurricane-maria-reaches-category-5-as-it-threatens-the-leeward-islands-puerto-rico-and-the-dominican-republic.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
