### [2017-05-3](/news/2017/05/3/index.md)

# United Kingdom general election, 2017. Conservative politician Theresa May accuses European Union officials of trying to influence the upcoming elections. 

Theresa May has put the growing feud between Downing Street and European leaders at the heart of the general election by accusing &amp;#8220;Brussels bureaucrats&amp;#8221; of trying to interfere in the campaign.


### Source:

1. [The Scotsman](http://www.scotsman.com/news/uk/may-goes-full-donald-trump-with-attack-on-eu-officials-1-4436323)

### Related:

1. [United Kingdom general election, 2017. Conservative leader Theresa May states she will be a "bloody difficult woman" in her negotiations with Jean-Claude Juncker regarding the rights of EU nationals after Brexit. ](/news/2017/05/2/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-conservative-leader-theresa-may-states-she-will-be-a-bloody-difficult-woman-in-her-negotiations-wit.md) _Context: Conservatives, European Union, Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
2. [United Kingdom general election, 2017. British Prime Minister Theresa May faces backlash after accusations emerge that the Conservatives allegedly planned on reducing social welfare spending. ](/news/2017/05/22/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-british-prime-minister-theresa-may-faces-backlash-after-accusations-emerge-that-the-conservatives-all.md) _Context: Conservatives, Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
3. [United Kingdom general election, 2017. Results of yesterday's snap election are counted, revealing a hung parliament as the Conservative Party fails to retain its parliamentary majority, despite remaining the party with the most seats. Prime Minister Theresa May announced that she will form a minority government with the support of the Northern Irish Democratic Unionist Party. ](/news/2017/06/9/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-results-of-yesterday-s-snap-election-are-counted-revealing-a-hung-parliament-as-the-conservative-par.md) _Context: Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
4. [United Kingdom general election, 2017. Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-c.md) _Context: Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
5. [Brexit negotiations. UK Prime Minister Theresa May announces that citizens of the European Union living in the United Kingdom will be able to acquire a "UK settled status" after the UK leaves the EU. ](/news/2017/06/22/brexit-negotiations-uk-prime-minister-theresa-may-announces-that-citizens-of-the-european-union-living-in-the-united-kingdom-will-be-able-t.md) _Context: European Union, Theresa May_
6. [Aftermath of the United Kingdom general election, 2017. Prime Minister Theresa May's closest advisers, Fiona Hill and Nick Timothy, resign as her Chiefs of Staff amid criticism over their role in the Conservative Party's election campaign. ](/news/2017/06/10/aftermath-of-the-united-kingdom-general-election-2017-prime-minister-theresa-may-s-closest-advisers-fiona-hill-and-nick-timothy-resign-a.md) _Context: Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
7. [United Kingdom general election, 2017. Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn debates with Conservative leader Theresa May. ](/news/2017/05/29/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-debates-with-conservative-leader-theresa-may.md) _Context: Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
8. [United Kingdom general election, 2017. British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held.md) _Context: Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
9. [Brexit. British Prime Minister Theresa May signs a letter invoking Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. Its notification to the European Council tomorrow will formally begin the UK's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2017/03/28/brexit-british-prime-minister-theresa-may-signs-a-letter-invoking-article-50-of-the-treaty-on-european-union-its-notification-to-the-europ.md) _Context: European Union, Theresa May_
10. [Brexit. British Prime Minister Theresa May announces that her government will trigger article 50, which begins the process of withdrawing from the European Union, on March 29. ](/news/2017/03/20/brexit-british-prime-minister-theresa-may-announces-that-her-government-will-trigger-article-50-which-begins-the-process-of-withdrawing-fr.md) _Context: European Union, Theresa May_
