### [2008-08-6](/news/2008/08/6/index.md)

#  UNICEF releases 

UN report highlights healthcare worries as gap widens between rich and poor.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/asia-pacific/2008/08/2008856372268328.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/DEL62785.htm)
3. [The State of Asia-Pacific’s Children 2008](http://www.unicef.org/sapc08/index.php)
4. [The Straits Times](http://www.straitstimes.com/Latest%2BNews/Asia/STIStory_264738.html)

### Related:

1. [Boko Haram insurgency. The United Nations suspends aid to dangerous areas of Nigeria's northeastern Borno State following Thursday's attack by Boko Haram (ISIL in Africa) on a humanitarian convoy where two soldiers and three civilians were wounded. However, UNICEF noted, aid will continue to the capital Maiduguri. ](/news/2016/07/29/boko-haram-insurgency-the-united-nations-suspends-aid-to-dangerous-areas-of-nigeria-s-northeastern-borno-state-following-thursday-s-attack.md) _Context: UNICEF_
2. [Syrian civil war. Airstrikes in rebel-held districts of Aleppo kill at least 15 people and wound dozens while three hospitals are hit including one of the few that still provides pediatric services. UNICEF says medics had to take babies out of incubators. It is unclear who was responsible, though government forces, backed by the Russian Air Force, have run operations to regain control of the divided city. ](/news/2016/06/8/syrian-civil-war-airstrikes-in-rebel-held-districts-of-aleppo-kill-at-least-15-people-and-wound-dozens-while-three-hospitals-are-hit-includ.md) _Context: UNICEF_
3. [2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season. Cyclone Winston. Fiji's known casualties are 42 dead, one missing, and more than 100 injured. Authorities say five percent of the country (45,245 people) is staying in evacuation centers and about 80 schools have been damaged. UNICEF reports at least 120,000 of Fiji's children have been affected. The current identified destruction is more than $1 billion. About 80 percent of the plantations were damaged, especially sugar fields. However, tourism's infrastructure has escaped serious damage. ](/news/2016/02/25/2015-16-south-pacific-cyclone-season-cyclone-winston-fiji-s-known-casualties-are-42-dead-one-missing-and-more-than-100-injured-author.md) _Context: UNICEF_
4. [Syrian Civil War. UNICEF confirms severe malnutrition in the besieged Syrian town of Madaya. Russia calls for humanitarian aid to be let into besieged towns like Madaya, Fua and Kafraya. ](/news/2016/01/15/syrian-civil-war-unicef-confirms-severe-malnutrition-in-the-besieged-syrian-town-of-madaya-russia-calls-for-humanitarian-aid-to-be-let-int.md) _Context: UNICEF_
5. [Islamist insurgency in Nigeria. More than 1 million children have been forced out of school as a result of Boko Haram terrorism in northeastern Nigeria and its neighboring countries, which leaves the children more susceptible to violence, poverty and child marriage, Manuel Fontaine, UNICEF-s West and Central Africa regional director, said in a statement. ](/news/2015/12/22/islamist-insurgency-in-nigeria-more-than-1-million-children-have-been-forced-out-of-school-as-a-result-of-boko-haram-terrorism-in-northeast.md) _Context: UNICEF_
6. [ In Iraq, a cholera outbreak prompts United Nations agencies UNICEF and the World Health Organization to launch a prevention and treatment campaign. So far, around 2,200 cases have been confirmed, and some infections have occurred in neighboring countries. ](/news/2015/11/7/in-iraq-a-cholera-outbreak-prompts-united-nations-agencies-unicef-and-the-world-health-organization-to-launch-a-prevention-and-treatment-c.md) _Context: UNICEF_
7. [A UNICEF report finds AIDS is now the leading cause of death for African teenagers and the second most common killer for adolescents across the globe. While the Asia Pacific region has seen a 31 percent drop in new HIV infections, and 28 percent decline in AIDS-related deaths, the estimated number of adolescents dying of AIDS in the region has more than doubled since 2005. Tomorrow is World Aids Day. ](/news/2015/11/30/a-unicef-report-finds-aids-is-now-the-leading-cause-of-death-for-african-teenagers-and-the-second-most-common-killer-for-adolescents-across.md) _Context: UNICEF_
8. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen. A Yemeni hospital in Saada run by Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) is destroyed by several Saudi-led coalition airstrikes overnight. The director of the hospital, Ali Mughli, reported "The air raids resulted in the destruction of the entire hospital with all that was inside - devices and medical supplies - and the moderate wounding of several people". Another airstrike hit a nearby girls school and damaged several civilian homes according to local media. UNICEF said the Saada hospital was the 39th health center hit in Yemen since March. The Saudi-led coalition denies that its planes had hit the hospital. ](/news/2015/10/27/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-a-yemeni-hospital-in-saada-run-by-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-is-destroyed.md) _Context: UNICEF_
9. [Yemeni Civil War (2015). UNICEF reports that hundreds of children have been killed and injured in the Civil War while combatants have recruited hundreds more. ](/news/2015/04/24/yemeni-civil-war-2015-unicef-reports-that-hundreds-of-children-have-been-killed-and-injured-in-the-civil-war-while-combatants-have-recrui.md) _Context: UNICEF_
10. [New figures from UNICEF show that 150 million children are engaged in child labor worldwide. ](/news/2013/06/12/new-figures-from-unicef-show-that-150-million-children-are-engaged-in-child-labor-worldwide.md) _Context: UNICEF_
