### [2013-03-13](/news/2013/03/13/index.md)

# Germany's Bayern Munich and Spain's Malaga reach 2012-13 UEFA Champions League quarter-finals defeating Arsenal and Porto on aggregate respectively. 

Arsenal bow out of the Champions League on away goals, despite an impressive 2-0 away win at Bayern Munich.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/football/21681052)
2. [UEFA](http://www.uefa.com/uefachampionsleague/season=2013/matches/round=2000348/match=2009593/index.html)

### Related:

1. [In the 2012-13 UEFA Champions League quarter-finals, Malaga secures a 0-0 draw against Borussia Dortmund while Real Madrid beats Galatasaray S.K. 3-0. ](/news/2013/04/3/in-the-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-quarter-finals-ma-laga-secures-a-0a0-draw-against-borussia-dortmund-while-real-madrid-beats-galata.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Champions League, Málaga, semi-finals_
2. [In the 2012-13 UEFA Champions League quarter-finals, Paris Saint-Germain secures a 2-2 draw against Barcelona while Bayern Munich beats Juventus 2-0. ](/news/2013/04/2/in-the-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-quarter-finals-paris-saint-germain-secures-a-2a2-draw-against-barcelona-while-bayern-munich-beats.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Champions League, FC Bayern Munich, semi-finals_
3. [Spain's Barcelona and Germany's Bayern Munich reach 2012-13 UEFA Champions League semi-finals defeating Paris Saint-Germain and Juventus respectively. ](/news/2013/04/10/spain-s-barcelona-and-germany-s-bayern-munich-reach-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-semi-finals-defeating-paris-saint-germain-and-juventus-r.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Champions League, FC Bayern Munich, semi-finals_
4. [Lionel Messi scores twice in FC Barcelona's historic comeback, 4-0 win over AC Milan at Camp Nou to reach quarter-finals of the 2012-13 UEFA Champions League. In the other match, Turkey's Galatasaray defeats Schalke 04 3-2 in Gelsenkirchen, Germany. ](/news/2013/03/12/lionel-messi-scores-twice-in-fc-barcelona-s-historic-comeback-4a0-win-over-ac-milan-at-camp-nou-to-reach-quarter-finals-of-the-2012a13.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Champions League, Germany, semi-finals_
5. [2012-13 UEFA Champions League:FC Bayern Munich puts themselves in a strong position to reach the quarterfinals with a 3-1 away victory at Arsenal F.C. in London, England. ](/news/2013/02/19/2012a13-uefa-champions-league-pfc-bayern-munich-puts-themselves-in-a-strong-position-to-reach-the-quarterfinals-with-a-3a1-away-victory.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Champions League, Arsenal, FC Bayern Munich_
6. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Germany, Spain_
7. [A Germanwings flight crashes en route from Barcelona, Spain, to Dusseldorf, Germany, in a mountainous region of the Alps near Digne-les-Bains in  Southern France leaving 150 dead. Rescue workers recover the damaged, but still usable, cockpit voice recorder. ](/news/2015/03/24/a-germanwings-flight-crashes-en-route-from-barcelona-spain-to-da1-4sseldorf-germany-in-a-mountainous-region-of-the-alps-near-digne-les-bai.md) _Context: Germany, Spain_
8. [The Eurozone records its sixth straight quarter of recession with France, Italy and Spain all recording negative growth and Germany growing weakly. ](/news/2013/05/15/the-eurozone-records-its-sixth-straight-quarter-of-recession-with-france-italy-and-spain-all-recording-negative-growth-and-germany-growing.md) _Context: Germany, Spain_
9. [2012-13 UEFA Champions League quarter-finals:Borussia Dortmund score twice against Malaga in a dramatic period of injury time and wins 3-2, securing the semi-final berth. The British match officials are lambasted for their incompetence, with replays showing that at least two of the game's goals - including the winner - were scored illegally. ](/news/2013/04/9/2012a13-uefa-champions-league-quarter-finals-pborussia-dortmund-score-twice-against-ma-laga-in-a-dramatic-period-of-injury-time-and-wins-3.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Champions League, Málaga_
10. [The draw for the semi-finals of the 2012-13 UEFA Champions League is held in Nyon, Switzerland. Bayern Munich will play Barcelona while Borussia Dortmund will face Real Madrid. ](/news/2013/04/12/the-draw-for-the-semi-finals-of-the-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-is-held-in-nyon-switzerland-bayern-munich-will-play-barcelona-while-bo.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Champions League, FC Bayern Munich_
