### [2013-03-13](/news/2013/03/13/index.md)

# North Korea confirms that it has shredded the 60-year-old Korean Armistice Agreement that ended the Korean War, and warns that the next step will be an act of "merciless" military retaliation. 

North Korea has confirmed that it had shredded the 60-year-old armistice ending the Korean War, and warned that the next step was an act of &quot;merciless&quot; military retaliation against its enemies.


### Source:

1. [AFP via News24](http://www.news24.com/news24/World/News/North-Korea-confirms-end-of-war-armistice-20130313)

### Related:

1. [The UN Security Council holds a closed-door session to discuss new sanctions against North Korea following reports of an agreement on a draft resolution between the United States and China. North Korea announces plans to nullify the armistice agreement that ended the Korean War. ](/news/2013/03/5/the-un-security-council-holds-a-closed-door-session-to-discuss-new-sanctions-against-north-korea-following-reports-of-an-agreement-on-a-draf.md) _Context: Korean Armistice Agreement, Korean War, North Korea_
2. [The South Korean Navy fires warning shots at a North Korean patrol boat after it crossed the Northern Limit Line in the Yellow Sea and entered South Korean-controlled waters. As of 2016, North Korea refuses to recognize the so-called Northern Limit Line, that was drawn up at the end of the Korean War. ](/news/2016/02/8/the-south-korean-navy-fires-warning-shots-at-a-north-korean-patrol-boat-after-it-crossed-the-northern-limit-line-in-the-yellow-sea-and-enter.md) _Context: Korean War, North Korea_
3. [North and South Korea are to hold reunions for families divided by the Korean War from October 20 to October 26. ](/news/2015/09/8/north-and-south-korea-are-to-hold-reunions-for-families-divided-by-the-korean-war-from-october-20-to-october-26.md) _Context: Korean War, North Korea_
4. [North Korea and South Korea hold meetings to discuss visitation reunions of families separated by the Korean War. ](/news/2014/02/5/north-korea-and-south-korea-hold-meetings-to-discuss-visitation-reunions-of-families-separated-by-the-korean-war.md) _Context: Korean War, North Korea_
5. [2013 Korean crisis: Anonymous claims that it managed to steal military documents from North Korea. The documents are due to be released on 25 June, the anniversary of the start of the Korean War. ](/news/2013/06/22/2013-korean-crisis-anonymous-claims-that-it-managed-to-steal-military-documents-from-north-korea-the-documents-are-due-to-be-released-on-2.md) _Context: Korean War, North Korea_
6. [North Korea ends all peace pacts with South Korea and closes the main Panmunjom border crossing inside the Korean Demilitarized Zone. North Korean generals affirm they are aiming their long range missiles at the U.S. mainland in retaliation for the recently approved U.N. sanctions. ](/news/2013/03/8/north-korea-ends-all-peace-pacts-with-south-korea-and-closes-the-main-panmunjom-border-crossing-inside-the-korean-demilitarized-zone-north.md) _Context: Korean Armistice Agreement, North Korea_
7. [North Korea breaks the 1953 armistice with South Korea and cuts the phone line between the two countries, after United States and South Korea have begun military drills. North Korean officials say that the army is ready to attack at any given order. ](/news/2013/03/11/north-korea-breaks-the-1953-armistice-with-south-korea-and-cuts-the-phone-line-between-the-two-countries-after-united-states-and-south-kore.md) _Context: Korean Armistice Agreement, North Korea_
8. [A private South Korean committee announces that it plans to file a lawsuit with the International Criminal Court against North Korea over repatriation of prisoners of war and remains of soldiers killed in the Korean War. ](/news/2012/07/25/a-private-south-korean-committee-announces-that-it-plans-to-file-a-lawsuit-with-the-international-criminal-court-against-north-korea-over-re.md) _Context: Korean War, North Korea_
9. [North Korea agrees, for the first time in 6 years, to let the United States search for the remains of American soldiers killed during the Korean War. ](/news/2011/10/22/north-korea-agrees-for-the-first-time-in-6-years-to-let-the-united-states-search-for-the-remains-of-american-soldiers-killed-during-the-ko.md) _Context: Korean War, North Korea_
10. [Korean talksSouth Korea agrees in principle to resume discussions with North Korea on humanitarian issues including reuniting families separated by the Korean War. ](/news/2011/02/9/korean-talkspsouth-korea-agrees-in-principle-to-resume-discussions-with-north-korea-on-humanitarian-issues-including-reuniting-families-sepa.md) _Context: Korean War, North Korea_
