### [2007-09-24](/news/2007/09/24/index.md)

#  Former Pakistan Prime Minister, Benazir Bhutto, arrives in Washington beginning her last visit to USA before ending her self-exile.




### Related:

1. [A Pakistani court indicts former President Pervez Musharraf for his alleged involvement in the 2007 assassination of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto. ](/news/2013/08/20/a-pakistani-court-indicts-former-president-pervez-musharraf-for-his-alleged-involvement-in-the-2007-assassination-of-former-prime-minister-b.md) _Context: Benazir Bhutto, Pakistan_
2. [Chaudhry Zulfiqar Ali, a prosecutor with Pakistan's Federal Investigation Agency leading the prosecution of former President Pervez Musharraf over alleged involvement in the assassination of Benazir Bhutto, is shot dead on the way to court in Islamabad. ](/news/2013/05/3/chaudhry-zulfiqar-ali-a-prosecutor-with-pakistan-s-federal-investigation-agency-leading-the-prosecution-of-former-president-pervez-musharra.md) _Context: Benazir Bhutto, Pakistan_
3. [Bilawal Bhutto Zardari, the son of Pakistan's murdered ex-Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto, promises to fight militancy and maintain democracy, in his first major political speech marking five years since his mother's death. ](/news/2012/12/27/bilawal-bhutto-zardari-the-son-of-pakistan-s-murdered-ex-prime-minister-benazir-bhutto-promises-to-fight-militancy-and-maintain-democracy.md) _Context: Benazir Bhutto, Pakistan_
4. [A Pakistan anti-terror court indicts two police officers and five alleged members of the Taliban for the murder of former Prime Minister of Pakistan Benazir Bhutto. ](/news/2011/11/5/a-pakistan-anti-terror-court-indicts-two-police-officers-and-five-alleged-members-of-the-taliban-for-the-murder-of-former-prime-minister-of.md) _Context: Benazir Bhutto, Pakistan_
5. [ UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon announces a commission to investigate the assassination of former Pakistani prime minister Benazir Bhutto. ](/news/2009/02/4/un-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-announces-a-commission-to-investigate-the-assassination-of-former-pakistani-prime-minister-benazir-bhutto.md) _Context: Benazir Bhutto, Pakistan_
6. [ Gunmen attack a party office of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto in Karachi, Pakistan, killing three supporters. ](/news/2007/12/8/gunmen-attack-a-party-office-of-former-prime-minister-benazir-bhutto-in-karachi-pakistan-killing-three-supporters.md) _Context: Benazir Bhutto, Pakistan_
7. [ A suicide gunman shoots former Prime Minister of Pakistan Benazir Bhutto, killing her, and then blows himself up killing at least 22 others at an election rally in Rawalpindi, Pakistan. ](/news/2007/12/27/a-suicide-gunman-shoots-former-prime-minister-of-pakistan-benazir-bhutto-killing-her-and-then-blows-himself-up-killing-at-least-22-others.md) _Context: Benazir Bhutto, Pakistan_
8. [ Pakistani general election, 2008. Former Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto begins her election campaign for the Pakistani general election, 2008. ](/news/2007/12/1/pakistani-general-election-2008-former-pakistani-prime-minister-benazir-bhutto-begins-her-election-campaign-for-the-pakistani-general-ele.md) _Context: Benazir Bhutto, Pakistan_
9. [ Former Prime Minister of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif announces he will file nomination papers in the Pakistani general election, 2008. However, he will not serve as Prime Minister under the current President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf. ](/news/2007/11/26/former-prime-minister-of-pakistan-nawaz-sharif-announces-he-will-file-nomination-papers-in-the-pakistani-general-election-2008-however-h.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister_
10. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency:. Former Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif arrives at Lahore Airport with his family members.date=December 2007. At least 1800 supporters of PML-N are detained in Punjab ahead of Nawaz Sharif's return from exile.date=December 2007 ](/news/2007/11/25/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-former-pakistan-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-arrives-at-lahore-airport-with-his-family-members-date-dece.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister_
