### [2007-09-10](/news/2007/09/10/index.md)

#  The Supreme Court of Indonesia orders ''TIME'' magazine to pay US$106 million in damages to former President of Indonesia Suharto.  The magazine had reported in 1999 that the former President and his family had accumulated $73 billion dollars fraudulently during his time in office. The case had previously been rejected by two lower courts. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/6987843.stm)

### Related:

1. [Montana congressman Greg Gianforte apologizes to journalist Ben Jacobs for the alleged body slam incident that occurred on May 24, and donates US$50,000 to the Committee to Protect Journalists. ](/news/2017/06/8/montana-congressman-greg-gianforte-apologizes-to-journalist-ben-jacobs-for-the-alleged-body-slam-incident-that-occurred-on-may-24-and-donat.md) _Context: US$_
2. [U.S. President Donald Trump arrives in Saudi Arabia, his first of three scheduled foreign trips. Trump signs an arms deal with King Salman worth more than US$100 billion. ](/news/2017/05/20/u-s-president-donald-trump-arrives-in-saudi-arabia-his-first-of-three-scheduled-foreign-trips-trump-signs-an-arms-deal-with-king-salman-w.md) _Context: US$_
3. [In an interview, U.S. President Donald Trump says the U.S. dollar is "getting too strong" and wants to keep interest rates low, causing the U.S. Dollar Index to fall. ](/news/2017/04/12/in-an-interview-u-s-president-donald-trump-says-the-u-s-dollar-is-getting-too-strong-and-wants-to-keep-interest-rates-low-causing-the.md) _Context: US$_
4. [South Korea announces it will be raising its US$217,000 cash reward for classified information from North Korea by defectors to $860,000. ](/news/2017/03/5/south-korea-announces-it-will-be-raising-its-us-217-000-cash-reward-for-classified-information-from-north-korea-by-defectors-to-860-000.md) _Context: US$_
5. [The Trump White House bars ''The New York Times'', CNN, the ''Los Angeles Times'', the ''New York Daily News'', ''The Hill'',  the ''Daily Mail'',  BBC,  Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as  Breitbart News, One America News Network, and ''The Washington Times''. Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News,  ''The Wall Street Journal'', Bloomberg News, and Fox News. ''Time'' magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to  in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-m.md) _Context: Time_
6. [An Austrian court grants a United States request to extradite Ukrainian businessman Dmytro Firtash. U.S. officials accuse Firtash of being involved in a scandal where he allegedly paid US$18.5 million in bribes for a permit to mine titanium in India, something Firtash denies. ](/news/2017/02/21/an-austrian-court-grants-a-united-states-request-to-extradite-ukrainian-businessman-dmytro-firtash-u-s-officials-accuse-firtash-of-being-i.md) _Context: US$_
7. [Kraft Heinz drops its bid to buy Unilever for US$143 billion. Unilever rejected the idea last Friday but Kraft Heinz still expressed interest in finding an agreement. ](/news/2017/02/19/kraft-heinz-drops-its-bid-to-buy-unilever-for-us-143-billion-unilever-rejected-the-idea-last-friday-but-kraft-heinz-still-expressed-interes.md) _Context: US$_
8. [British-Dutch consumer goods company Unilever rejects a US$143 billion takeover from Kraft Heinz, saying the deal had no financial or strategic merit. Nevertheless, Kraft is still interested in finding agreement; it has until March 17 to make a final bid under UK takeover rules. ](/news/2017/02/17/british-dutch-consumer-goods-company-unilever-rejects-a-us-143-billion-takeover-from-kraft-heinz-saying-the-deal-had-no-financial-or-strate.md) _Context: US$_
9. [A judge in Peru issues an arrest warrant for former President Alejandro Toledo for allegedly receiving US$20 million in bribes from Odebrecht, a Brazilian construction company, in exchange for a contract deal to build a transoceanic highway between Brazil and the Peruvian coast. Toledo denies any wrongdoing. ](/news/2017/02/10/a-judge-in-peru-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-president-alejandro-toledo-for-allegedly-receiving-us-20-million-in-bribes-from-odebrech.md) _Context: US$_
10. [An Italian court orders former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi to stand trial on April 4 on charges of allegedly bribing witnesses with EUR10 million (US$11 million) in order to silence them over accusations he paid for sex with young women. ](/news/2017/01/28/an-italian-court-orders-former-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-to-stand-trial-on-april-4-on-charges-of-allegedly-bribing-witnesses-with-a.md) _Context: US$_
