### [2007-09-10](/news/2007/09/10/index.md)

#  The Ejrcito Popular Revolucionario plants a series of bombs that tear apart six Pemex natural gas pipelines in the Mexican states of Veracruz and Tlaxcala. 




### Source:

1. [Canadian Press](http://canadianpress.google.com/article/ALeqM5iE5oQafsO3EUynxTWwmQK5IS3oQA)
2. [El Universal](http://www.eluniversal.com.mx/notas/448461.html)

### Related:

1. [ At least six people are killed in shootings at two nightclubs in the Mexican state of Veracruz. ](/news/2016/05/22/at-least-six-people-are-killed-in-shootings-at-two-nightclubs-in-the-mexican-state-of-veracruz.md) _Context: Mexican state, Veracruz_
2. [State oil company Petroleos Mexicanos reports the death toll has risen to 28 from Wednesday's explosion at Petroquimica Mexicana de Vinilo's Clorados 3 petrochemical plant in the Gulf port city of Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz. Some workers are still missing while 18 others remain hospitalized. Officials say the explosion came from an unspecified leak. The plant produces the hazardous industrial chemical vinyl chloride. ](/news/2016/04/22/state-oil-company-petroleos-mexicanos-reports-the-death-toll-has-risen-to-28-from-wednesday-s-explosion-at-petroquimica-mexicana-de-vinilo-s.md) _Context: PEMEX, Veracruz_
3. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Franklin, the Atlantic Ocean's first hurricane of the season, is set to hit Mexico's Gulf state of Veracruz tonight or tomorrow morning. The category 1 storm is expected to lose strength as it moves inland through the oil-producing state. ](/news/2017/08/9/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-franklin-the-atlantic-ocean-s-first-hurricane-of-the-season-is-set-to-hit-mexico-s-gulf-state-of.md) _Context: Veracruz_
4. [Following a start-of-year hike to the price of gas, widespread riots and looting mostly targeting gas stations, supermarkets and department stores take place in several cities in Mexico. Over 250 people are said to have been arrested so far while blockades to PEMEX installations potentially lead to critical situations in some states. ](/news/2017/01/5/following-a-start-of-year-hike-to-the-price-of-gas-widespread-riots-and-looting-mostly-targeting-gas-stations-supermarkets-and-department.md) _Context: PEMEX_
5. [ Mexican war on drugs. Police report 14 suspected criminals, who attacked a police patrol, are killed in a gunbattle with police and Mexican Marines in Veracruz, Mexico. An unknown number fled. ](/news/2016/12/5/mexican-war-on-drugs-police-report-14-suspected-criminals-who-attacked-a-police-patrol-are-killed-in-a-gunbattle-with-police-and-mexican.md) _Context: Veracruz_
6. [Mexican authorities find the bodies of two priests who were kidnapped yesterday in Poza Rica, Veracruz. Authorities find the third abducted person, the driver, alive. ](/news/2016/09/19/mexican-authorities-find-the-bodies-of-two-priests-who-were-kidnapped-yesterday-in-poza-rica-veracruz-authorities-find-the-third-abducted.md) _Context: Veracruz_
7. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. At least 40 people are killed by landslides from floods created from Earl's heavy rainfall in the eastern Mexican states of Puebla and Veracruz. The tropical depression dissipated early today. ](/news/2016/08/8/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-at-least-40-people-are-killed-by-landslides-from-floods-created-from-earl-s-heavy-rainfall-in-the-eastern-me.md) _Context: Veracruz_
8. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. The death toll from mudslides in Eastern Mexico triggered by Hurricane Earl rises to 38, with 28 people killed in Puebla, and 10 others in Veracruz. ](/news/2016/08/7/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-the-death-toll-from-mudslides-in-eastern-mexico-triggered-by-hurricane-earl-rises-to-38-with-28-people-kill.md) _Context: Veracruz_
9. [At least 24 people are killed, 136 others injured, and eight workers still missing from yesterday's blast at the major Clorados 3 petrochemical plant of Petroquimica Mexicana de Vinilo. Nineteen people remain hospitalized, with 13 in serious condition. The plant is run by Mexichem under agreement with Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex), the national petrochemical company, in Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz, Mexico, on the country's southern Gulf of Mexico coast. Pemex had an earlier fire at the same facility in February 2016 that killed one worker; also that month, an offshore Pemex Gulf platform fire killed two and injured eight. ](/news/2016/04/21/at-least-24-people-are-killed-136-others-injured-and-eight-workers-still-missing-from-yesterday-s-blast-at-the-major-clorados-3-petrochemi.md) _Context: PEMEX_
10. [Twenty people are killed after a bus carrying amateur football players and fans plunges into a river in Veracruz, eastern Mexico. ](/news/2016/01/10/twenty-people-are-killed-after-a-bus-carrying-amateur-football-players-and-fans-plunges-into-a-river-in-veracruz-eastern-mexico.md) _Context: Veracruz_
