### [2007-09-10](/news/2007/09/10/index.md)

#  War in Iraq: General David Petraeus gives evidence to the United States Congress about the effectiveness of the Iraq War troop surge of 2007. General Petraeus warned against a rapid pullback of troops. 

Gen. David H. Petraeus has recommended deferring decisions on reducing the main body of troops in Iraq.


### Source:

1. [NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/2007/09/10/washington/10military.html?ex=1347076800&en=4add2d8355e5c501&ei=5088&partner=rssnyt&emc=rss)
2. [NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/2007/09/11/washington/11policy.html?_r=1&hp&oref=slogin)

### Related:

1. [United States Army General David Petraeus, the Commander of the International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan, condemns plans by a small Florida church to burn copies of the Koran on the anniversary of the September 11 attacks as inflammatory. ](/news/2010/09/7/united-states-army-general-david-petraeus-the-commander-of-the-international-security-assistance-force-in-afghanistan-condemns-plans-by-a.md) _Context: David Petraeus, General_
2. [ War in Iraq: U.S. General Peter Pace, outgoing chair of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, acknowledges that mistakes were made during the war. ](/news/2007/09/14/war-in-iraq-p-u-s-general-peter-pace-outgoing-chair-of-the-joint-chiefs-of-staff-acknowledges-that-mistakes-were-made-during-the-war.md) _Context: General, War in Iraq_
3. [ General Sir Michael Rose, former United Nations commander in Bosnia, has told the BBC that British Prime Minister Tony Blair should be "impeached" over the war in Iraq. ](/news/2006/01/9/general-sir-michael-rose-former-united-nations-commander-in-bosnia-has-told-the-bbc-that-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-should-be-imp.md) _Context: General, War in Iraq_
4. [U.S. Congressional negotiators reach a bipartisan agreement on the FY 2017 federal government budget that, once approved by both Houses, will fund the entire fiscal year through September 30. The current spending authorization expires  Friday, May 5. ](/news/2017/04/30/u-s-congressional-negotiators-reach-a-bipartisan-agreement-on-the-fy-2017-federal-government-budget-that-once-approved-by-both-houses-wil.md) _Context: U.S. Congressional_
5. [U.S. Congress passes a bill that mandates NASA send humans to Mars by 2033. ](/news/2017/03/8/u-s-congress-passes-a-bill-that-mandates-nasa-send-humans-to-mars-by-2033.md) _Context: U.S. Congressional_
6. [The United States House of Representatives votes in favor of legislation that approves preliminary budgetary measures for the United States Congress to begin repealing the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, colloquially known as Obamacare. ](/news/2017/01/13/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-legislation-that-approves-preliminary-budgetary-measures-for-the-united-states.md) _Context: U.S. Congressional_
7. [Federal Bureau of Investigation chief James Comey tells the United States Congress that he has found no evidence of criminality by Hillary Clinton in relation to a new batch of emails. ](/news/2016/11/6/federal-bureau-of-investigation-chief-james-comey-tells-the-united-states-congress-that-he-has-found-no-evidence-of-criminality-by-hillary-c.md) _Context: U.S. Congressional_
8. [The United States Congress passes a law allowing families of the victims of the September 11 attacks to sue Saudi Arabia. U.S. president Barack Obama threatens to veto it. ](/news/2016/09/9/the-united-states-congress-passes-a-law-allowing-families-of-the-victims-of-the-september-11-attacks-to-sue-saudi-arabia-u-s-president-bar.md) _Context: U.S. Congressional_
9. [The Oklahoma Legislature files a measure asking for Congress to impeach Barack Obama over his decision to allow transgender students to use the bathrooms corresponding to their gender identity. ](/news/2016/05/20/the-oklahoma-legislature-files-a-measure-asking-for-congress-to-impeach-barack-obama-over-his-decision-to-allow-transgender-students-to-use.md) _Context: U.S. Congressional_
10. [The Governor of the U.S. territory of Guam Eddie Calvo announces his intention to hold a plebiscite to decide the future political status of the island. Calvo said he hopes to start a successful "education campaign" on the issue before filing a petition to start a referendum. If the plebiscite does take place, voters on Guam would be asked to select which political status they would prefer; independence, statehood, or free association However, the possible vote would be non-binding as any change in political status would require an act of Congress in Washington, D.C.. Guam is currently on the United Nations list of Non-Self-Governing Territories in need of decolonization. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-governor-of-the-u-s-territory-of-guam-eddie-calvo-announces-his-intention-to-hold-a-plebiscite-to-decide-the-future-political-status-of.md) _Context: U.S. Congressional_
