### [2008-07-4](/news/2008/07/4/index.md)

#  After 69 years, the Embassy of the United States in Berlin, Germany, returns to its old site near the Brandenburg Gate. At the celebration, Chancellor Angela Merkel, former U.S. President George H. W. Bush and the U.S. Ambassador to Germany William Timken open the new chancery on Pariser Platz in the center of Berlin. 




### Source:

1. [Spiegel (German](http://einestages.spiegel.de/static/topicalbumbackground/2264/neid_aller_diplomaten.html)

### Related:

1. [British Prime Minister David Cameron travels to Berlin to discuss his demands for sweeping reform of the European Union with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. ](/news/2013/04/12/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-travels-to-berlin-to-discuss-his-demands-for-sweeping-reform-of-the-european-union-with-german-chancell.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Berlin, Germany_
2. [ In Berlin, Germany, Europe's largest train station, Berlin Hauptbahnhof, is opened by Chancellor Angela Merkel, Deutsche Bahn Chairman Hartmut Mehdorn and Industrial Commissioner of the European Union Gunter Verheugen. The station is the hub of routes from Stockholm to Rome and Paris to Moscow. 1,200 trains will depart and arrive every day. The station is expected to have cost -800 million. ](/news/2006/05/26/in-berlin-germany-europe-s-largest-train-station-berlin-hauptbahnhof-is-opened-by-chancellor-angela-merkel-deutsche-bahn-chairman-hart.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Berlin, Germany_
3. [Recognition of same-sex unions in Germany. The Bundestag votes to introduce same-sex marriage in Germany. With 393 votes in favor and 226 against, including Chancellor Angela Merkel, the law is expected to enter into force before the end of the year. ](/news/2017/06/30/recognition-of-same-sex-unions-in-germany-the-bundestag-votes-to-introduce-same-sex-marriage-in-germany-with-393-votes-in-favor-and-226-ag.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Germany_
4. [White House National Trade Council director Peter Navarro says Germany exploits other countries with a "grossly undervalued" euro. German Chancellor Angela Merkel rejects the allegation. ](/news/2017/01/31/white-house-national-trade-council-director-peter-navarro-says-germany-exploits-other-countries-with-a-grossly-undervalued-euro-german-ch.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Germany_
5. [2016 Berlin attack. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility via Amaq News Agency for the truck attack in Berlin, Germany, which left at least 12 people dead and 49 injured. ](/news/2016/12/20/2016-berlin-attack-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-via-amaq-news-agency-for-the-truck-attack-in-berlin-germ.md) _Context: Berlin, Germany_
6. [2016 Berlin attack. Twelve are killed and more than 50 others are injured as a truck rams into a packed Christmas market in Breitscheidplatz, Berlin, Germany. A suspect has been arrested in connection with the attack. ](/news/2016/12/19/2016-berlin-attack-twelve-are-killed-and-more-than-50-others-are-injured-as-a-truck-rams-into-a-packed-christmas-market-in-breitscheidplatz.md) _Context: Berlin, Germany_
7. [War in Donbass. German Chancellor Angela Merkel invites the presidents of Russia, Ukraine, and France to meet tomorrow in Berlin to discuss peace efforts in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2016/10/18/war-in-donbass-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-invites-the-presidents-of-russia-ukraine-and-france-to-meet-tomorrow-in-berlin-to-discuss.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Berlin_
8. [Mecklenburg-Vorpommern state election, 2016. German Chancellor Angela Merkel defends her stance regarding the European migrant crisis despite her party losing in the key election. ](/news/2016/09/6/mecklenburg-vorpommern-state-election-2016-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-defends-her-stance-regarding-the-european-migrant-crisis-despit.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, Germany_
9. [Berlin state election, 2016. Voters head to the polls in Berlin, Germany, to elect members to the Abgeordnetenhaus of Berlin. Latest polling indicates the anti-immigration Alternative for Germany (AfD) are expected to make strong gains. ](/news/2016/09/18/berlin-state-election-2016-voters-head-to-the-polls-in-berlin-germany-to-elect-members-to-the-abgeordnetenhaus-of-berlin-latest-polling.md) _Context: Berlin, Germany_
10. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-b.md) _Context: Berlin, Germany_
