### [2012-05-6](/news/2012/05/6/index.md)

# Voters in France go to the polls for the second round of the French presidential election, with Franois Hollande elected President. 

Socialist Francois Hollande is expected to win France&#039;s presidential election despite a last-minute increase in support for Nicholas Sarkozy.


### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2012-05-06/france-to-begin-voting-in-presidential-run-off/3993732/?site=newcastle)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-17958367)

### Related:

1. [Voters in France go to the polls for the first round of the French presidential election with Francois Hollande of the French Socialist Party and incumbent President Nicolas Sarkozy through to the second round. ](/news/2012/04/22/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-round-of-the-french-presidential-election-with-franassois-hollande-of-the-french-socialist-par.md) _Context: 2012 presidential election, France, President of France_
2. [Franois Hollande defeats Martine Aubry in a primary runoff election held by the French Socialist Party, becoming the party's official candidate to challenge incumbent President of France Nicolas Sarkozy in the 2012 presidential election. ](/news/2011/10/16/francois-hollande-defeats-martine-aubry-in-a-primary-runoff-election-held-by-the-french-socialist-party-becoming-the-party-s-official-candi.md) _Context: 2012 presidential election, Francois Hollande, President of France_
3. [French presidential election, 2017. Voters in France return to the polls for a run-off, to elect either Emmanuel Macron or Marine Le Pen as the new President of France.](/news/2017/05/7/french-presidential-election-2017-voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-for-a-run-off-to-elect-either-emmanuel-macron-or-marine-le-pen-as.md) _Context: France, President of France_
4. [French presidential election, 2017. France swears in Emmanuel Macron as the 25th President of France. ](/news/2017/05/14/french-presidential-election-2017-france-swears-in-emmanuel-macron-as-the-25th-president-of-france.md) _Context: France, President of France_
5. [2017 shooting of Paris police officers. One policeman has been killed and another has been critically injured after a man opened fire at police officers at the Champs-Elysees in central Paris. The gunman was killed while attempting to escape, and a bystander has been injured. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack although the claim is doubted. The President of France Francois Hollande says that all leads indicate that the attack was of a "terrorist nature". ](/news/2017/04/20/2017-shooting-of-paris-police-officers-one-policeman-has-been-killed-and-another-has-been-critically-injured-after-a-man-opened-fire-at-pol.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
6. [Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy is ordered to stand trial for alleged campaign finance fraud during his failed 2012 presidential election campaign. ](/news/2017/02/7/former-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-is-ordered-to-stand-trial-for-alleged-campaign-finance-fraud-during-his-failed-2012-presidential.md) _Context: 2012 presidential election, President of France_
7. [French presidential election, 2017. Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy resigns as leader of The Republicans party and announces his candidacy for President again. ](/news/2016/07/3/french-presidential-election-2017-former-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-resigns-as-leader-of-the-republicans-party-and-announces-his-can.md) _Context: France, President of France_
8. [France-Russia relations. International sanctions during the Ukrainian crisis. France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-russia-relations-international-sanctions-during-the-ukrainian-crisis-france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-reso.md) _Context: France, President of France_
9. [French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius announces his resignation. President Francois Hollande says he will nominate Fabius to lead the country's Constitutional Council. ](/news/2016/02/10/french-foreign-minister-laurent-fabius-announces-his-resignation-president-francois-hollande-says-he-will-nominate-fabius-to-lead-the-count.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
10. [November 2015 Paris attacks. Christiane Taubira, differing with President Francois Hollande concerning pending terrorist/citizenship legislation, resigns as the Minister of Justice in France. ](/news/2016/01/27/november-2015-paris-attacks-christiane-taubira-differing-with-president-franassois-hollande-concerning-pending-terrorist-citizenship-legisl.md) _Context: France, President of France_
