### [2010-11-11](/news/2010/11/11/index.md)

# An ongoing clean-up operation conducted by the Afghan and NATO-led forces kills four Taliban militants in Afghanistan's Logar Province, 60 km south of capital city Kabul. 




### Source:

1. [People Daily](http://english.peopledaily.com.cn/90001/90777/90851/7196685.html)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). At least 16 people were killed and 40 more wounded after two suicide bombers attacked Kabul. The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attacks. ](/news/2017/03/1/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-at-least-16-people-were-killed-and-40-more-wounded-after-two-suicide-bombers-attacked-kabul-the-taliba.md) _Context: Kabul, Taliban_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). Two successive suicide bombers on foot kill at least 24 people and injure 91 others, including senior security and police officials, after striking close to the Afghan Ministry of Defence in Kabul. The Taliban claims responsibility by disclosing the death of 58 officers and commanders. Another bombing took place not long after. ](/news/2016/09/5/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-two-successive-suicide-bombers-on-foot-kill-at-least-24-people-and-injure-91-others-including-senior-s.md) _Context: Kabul, Taliban_
3. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). The Taliban claims responsibility for a truck bombing in a military complex in Kabul. ](/news/2016/08/1/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-the-taliban-claims-responsibility-for-a-truck-bombing-in-a-military-complex-in-kabul.md) _Context: Kabul, Taliban_
4. [War in Afghanistan. The U.S. military warns that the Kabul Attack Network, comprised of fighters from various jihadist groups such as the Taliban and Haqqani networks, is planning attacks on people in the Parwan, Khost, Kabul, and Logar Provinces, Afghanistan, and asks for information from the Afghan public. ](/news/2016/04/27/war-in-afghanistan-the-u-s-military-warns-that-the-kabul-attack-network-comprised-of-fighters-from-various-jihadist-groups-such-as-the-ta.md) _Context: Logar Province, Taliban_
5. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). April 2016 Kabul attack. The death toll from yesterday's Taliban attack on the National Directorate of Security in Kabul rises to 64, with 347 others wounded, according to the Afghan Interior Ministry. ](/news/2016/04/20/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-april-2016-kabul-attack-the-death-toll-from-yesterday-s-taliban-attack-on-the-national-directorate-of.md) _Context: Kabul, Taliban_
6. [War in Afghanistan. April 2016 Kabul attack. A large explosion is reported in the Afghan capital Kabul a week after the Taliban declared the start of their annual spring offensive. The target was an Afghan government security compound with at least 28 people reported killed and more than 200 others injured. ](/news/2016/04/19/war-in-afghanistan-april-2016-kabul-attack-a-large-explosion-is-reported-in-the-afghan-capital-kabul-a-week-after-the-taliban-declared-the.md) _Context: Kabul, Taliban_
7. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). The Taliban, in a statement claiming responsibility for yesterday's rocket attacks into Kabul, Afghanistan, says the intended target was U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, who was in the capital to help defuse a crisis within the unity government. Kerry had departed less than an hour earlier. No casualties have been reported. ](/news/2016/04/10/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-the-taliban-in-a-statement-claiming-responsibility-for-yesterday-s-rocket-attacks-into-kabul-afghanis.md) _Context: Kabul, Taliban_
8. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). A Taliban suicide bomb attack outside a police office in central Kabul kills at least 9 people. ](/news/2016/02/1/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-taliban-suicide-bomb-attack-outside-a-police-office-in-central-kabul-kills-at-least-9-people.md) _Context: Kabul, Taliban_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). A car bomb near Kabul's Hamid Karzai International Airport, that was targeting a NATO convoy passing through the area, kills one civilian and injures 33 others. The Taliban claim responsibility. ](/news/2015/12/28/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-car-bomb-near-kabul-s-hamid-karzai-international-airport-that-was-targeting-a-nato-convoy-passing-th.md) _Context: Kabul, Taliban_
10. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). The Taliban claims responsibility for a car bomb attack near the Spanish embassy in Kabul. At least one Spanish security officer is killed. ](/news/2015/12/11/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-the-taliban-claims-responsibility-for-a-car-bomb-attack-near-the-spanish-embassy-in-kabul-at-least-one.md) _Context: Kabul, Taliban_
