### [2010-11-11](/news/2010/11/11/index.md)

# Iceland opens an inquiry as it emerges that its citizens may be being spied on by the United States embassy. This follows similar investigations into possible illegal U.S. activities in Norway, Denmark, Sweden, and Finland, with possibly hundreds of Norwegians being monitored and Sweden describing the matter as "very serious". 

Iceland becomes the latest Nordic country to investigate whether its citizens are being spied on by the US embassy.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-11734862)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/special/2015/newsspec_10857/bbc_news_logo.png?cb=1)

### Related:

1. [Travel chaos spreads across Europe as planes are grounded in the United Kingdom, Norway, Sweden, Finland and Russia as a result of the giant cloud of ash coming across from Iceland. ](/news/2010/04/16/travel-chaos-spreads-across-europe-as-planes-are-grounded-in-the-united-kingdom-norway-sweden-finland-and-russia-as-a-result-of-the-giant.md) _Context: Finland, Iceland, Norway, Sweden_
2. [ A report by the media watchdog group Reporters Without Borders (RSF) ranks press freedom across the world. The ten lowest scoring countries (least free) in the report were North Korea, Cuba, Myanmar, Turkmenistan, Eritrea, the People's Republic of China, Vietnam, Nepal, Saudi Arabia, and Iran, while the ten highest were Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Ireland, the Netherlands, Norway, Slovakia, Switzerland, New Zealand, and Latvia. ](/news/2004/10/26/a-report-by-the-media-watchdog-group-reporters-without-borders-rsf-ranks-press-freedom-across-the-world-the-ten-lowest-scoring-countries.md) _Context: Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway_
3. [Norwegian Air Shuttle will ground all passengers in Norway, Denmark, and Sweden as the result of an industrial dispute. The action leaves 35,000 people stranded. ](/news/2015/03/3/norwegian-air-shuttle-will-ground-all-passengers-in-norway-denmark-and-sweden-as-the-result-of-an-industrial-dispute-the-action-leaves-35.md) _Context: Denmark, Norway, Sweden_
4. [Heavy snow hits Scandinavia disrupting transport in Norway, Sweden and Denmark. ](/news/2012/12/16/heavy-snow-hits-scandinavia-disrupting-transport-in-norway-sweden-and-denmark.md) _Context: Denmark, Norway, Sweden_
5. [Contributions from Belgium, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland allow the World Bank to cancel $36 million in Haiti's remaining debt following January's devastating earthquake. ](/news/2010/05/28/contributions-from-belgium-canada-finland-france-germany-ireland-italy-japan-the-netherlands-norway-spain-sweden-and-switzerland.md) _Context: Finland, Norway, Sweden_
6. [ The Danish, and as a consequence of sharing the same building, the Chilean and Swedish embassies in Damascus, are firebombed by protestors denouncing the publication of what they consider sacrilegious cartoons depicting the Prophet Muhammad. The Norwegian embassy is also burned. ](/news/2006/02/4/the-danish-and-as-a-consequence-of-sharing-the-same-building-the-chilean-and-swedish-embassies-in-damascus-are-firebombed-by-protestors.md) _Context: Denmark, Norway, Sweden_
7. [Chinese president Xi Jinping visits Finland on his way to the United States. ](/news/2017/04/5/chinese-president-xi-jinping-visits-finland-on-his-way-to-the-united-states.md) _Context: Finland, United States_
8. [Two UN officials with MONUSCO--an American and a Swede--are among six people kidnapped near the village of Ngombe in the Democratic Republic of the Congo's Kasai-Central province. Congolese officials have not identified the kidnappers nor has any group claimed responsibility. ](/news/2017/03/13/two-un-officials-with-monuscoaan-american-and-a-swedeaare-among-six-people-kidnapped-near-the-village-of-ngombe-in-the-democratic-republ.md) _Context: Sweden, United States_
9. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Norway, Sweden_
10. [The U.S. Senate confirms the nominations of the ambassadors to Norway and Sweden, and of two State Department officials once Senator Ted Cruz lifted his months-long hold on the nominations because of his objection to the Iran nuclear deal (JCPOA). ](/news/2016/02/12/the-u-s-senate-confirms-the-nominations-of-the-ambassadors-to-norway-and-sweden-and-of-two-state-department-officials-once-senator-ted-cru.md) _Context: Norway, Sweden_
