### [2010-11-11](/news/2010/11/11/index.md)

# The United Nations says there has been "no material change" for people in Gaza since Israel announced it was easing its economic blockade. An Israeli spokesman stated that the reason for the blockade was "because the territory has been overtaken by a declared terror movement."

The UN says there has been no material change for people in Gaza since Israel eased its blockade of the Palestinian territory.


### Source:

1. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Israel/Article.aspx?ID=194850&R=R1)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-11731695)

### Related:

1. [Canadian academic William Schabas resigns as the head of a United Nations committee investigating alleged Israeli war crimes in an offensive in the Gaza Strip during 2014 due to Israel alleging bias due to consultancy work he did for the Palestine Liberation Organisation. ](/news/2015/02/2/canadian-academic-william-schabas-resigns-as-the-head-of-a-united-nations-committee-investigating-alleged-israeli-war-crimes-in-an-offensive.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, United Nations_
2. [Operation Protective Edge:United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay condemns both Israel's military actions in the Gaza Strip and Hamas for "indiscriminate attacks" on Israel, and warns that war crimes may have been committed.  ](/news/2014/07/23/operation-protective-edge-punited-nations-high-commissioner-for-human-rights-navi-pillay-condemns-both-israel-s-military-actions-in-the-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, United Nations_
3. [Israel's ambassador to the United Nations Gabriela Shalev writes a letter to Ban Ki-moon stating that Israel would use force against a Bolivian-flagged all-female aid ship intending to land near Gaza. ](/news/2010/08/21/israel-s-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-gabriela-shalev-writes-a-letter-to-ban-ki-moon-stating-that-israel-would-use-force-against-a-boliv.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, United Nations_
4. [Israel warns the United Nations that two ships carrying aid to Gaza would not, by "all necessary means", be allowed to reach their destination. ](/news/2010/07/22/israel-warns-the-united-nations-that-two-ships-carrying-aid-to-gaza-would-not-by-all-necessary-means-be-allowed-to-reach-their-destinati.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, United Nations_
5. [United Nations figures indicate around 225 families remain homeless in Gaza since Israel's three-week military offensive was launched in December 2008. ](/news/2010/07/18/united-nations-figures-indicate-around-225-families-remain-homeless-in-gaza-since-israel-s-three-week-military-offensive-was-launched-in-dec.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, United Nations_
6. [Israel asks the United Nations to suspend attempts to organise an international inquiry into the Gaza flotilla raid, with Israeli Defence Minister Ehud Barak saying "some organisation, probably backed by a terror organisation, (is) once again trying to send a vessel into Gaza." ](/news/2010/06/22/israel-asks-the-united-nations-to-suspend-attempts-to-organise-an-international-inquiry-into-the-gaza-flotilla-raid-with-israeli-defence-mi.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, United Nations_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Israel's decision to ease the Gaza blockade is welcomed by the United Nations and the United States; Gaza's Hamas rulers say this is propaganda by Israel. ](/news/2010/06/17/israeliapalestinian-conflict-pisrael-s-decision-to-ease-the-gaza-blockade-is-welcomed-by-the-united-nations-and-the-united-states-gaza-s.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, United Nations_
8. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu resists calls from the United States to stop construction in Jerusalem; the United Nations claims Israel's blockade of Gaza prevents it from educating thousands of Palestinian children. ](/news/2010/04/23/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-resists-calls-from-the-united-states-to-stop-construction-in-jerusalem-the-united-nations-claim.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, United Nations_
9. [Israel grants permission to United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and European Union High Representative Catherine Ashton to visit Gaza after denying permission to other international politicians. ](/news/2010/03/9/israel-grants-permission-to-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-and-european-union-high-representative-catherine-ashton-to-visit-ga.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, United Nations_
10. [Middle East:Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon enters Gaza with the message "we (the United Nations) stand with you (Palestine)", criticises Israel's actions and speaks of his distress at the "unacceptable, unsustainable conditions" endured by Palestinians and the lack of reconstruction of damaged buildings. ](/news/2010/03/21/middle-east-psecretary-general-of-the-united-nations-ban-ki-moon-enters-gaza-with-the-message-we-the-united-nations-stand-with-you-pales.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, United Nations_
