### [2010-11-11](/news/2010/11/11/index.md)

# The UK's National Union of Journalists calls off a second planned 48-hour strike at the BBC scheduled for 15 and 16 November after the Corporation agrees to hold talks aimed at resolving a dispute over pension scheme changes. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/entertainment-arts-11736932)

### Related:

1. [In the United Kingdom, members of the National Union of Journalists at the BBC begin a 48 hour strike in a dispute over proposed changes to the Corporation's pension scheme. BBC News operates a reduced service. ](/news/2010/11/5/in-the-united-kingdom-members-of-the-national-union-of-journalists-at-the-bbc-begin-a-48-hour-strike-in-a-dispute-over-proposed-changes-to.md) _Context: BBC, National Union of Journalists_
2. [Jodie Whittaker has been announced to be replacing Peter Capaldi as the thirteenth incarnation of The Doctor, becoming the first woman to take the lead role of the BBC's long-running science fiction television series, "Doctor Who". ](/news/2017/07/16/jodie-whittaker-has-been-announced-to-be-replacing-peter-capaldi-as-the-thirteenth-incarnation-of-the-doctor-becoming-the-first-woman-to-ta.md) _Context: BBC_
3. [Presidency of Donald Trump: The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents- Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House-s actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/presidency-of-donald-trump-the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-h.md) _Context: BBC_
4. [LaMia Airlines Flight 2933: The BBC reports that leaked audio recordings of air traffic tower tapes indicate that the LaMia Airlines flight was running out of fuel near the Colombian city of Medellin. ](/news/2016/11/30/lamia-airlines-flight-2933-the-bbc-reports-that-leaked-audio-recordings-of-air-traffic-tower-tapes-indicate-that-the-lamia-airlines-flight.md) _Context: BBC_
5. [North Korea-United Kingdom relations: Rupert Wingfield-Hayes, the BBC's Tokyo correspondent, was detained in North Korea before being expelled by the government for "speaking very ill of the system". ](/news/2016/05/9/north-korea-united-kingdom-relations-rupert-wingfield-hayes-the-bbc-s-tokyo-correspondent-was-detained-in-north-korea-before-being-expe.md) _Context: BBC_
6. [Jimmy Savile sexual abuse scandal: A report by Dame Janet Smith finds that management at the BBC staff knew of complaints against Jimmy Savile but did not advise senior management due to a "culture of fear". ](/news/2016/02/25/jimmy-savile-sexual-abuse-scandal-a-report-by-dame-janet-smith-finds-that-management-at-the-bbc-staff-knew-of-complaints-against-jimmy-savi.md) _Context: BBC_
7. [Britain's National Union of Journalists announces a strike against the "Financial Times", protesting the changes in pension arrangements since the acquisition of the FT by a Japanese media group, Nikkei. ](/news/2015/11/20/britain-s-national-union-of-journalists-announces-a-strike-against-the-financial-times-protesting-the-changes-in-pension-arrangements-sin.md) _Context: National Union of Journalists_
8. [Former BBC journalist Jacky Sutton is found hanged in a restroom at Istanbul-s Ataturk Airport. Of late, she was the acting director of the Institute for War and Peace Reporting. ](/news/2015/10/20/former-bbc-journalist-jacky-sutton-is-found-hanged-in-a-restroom-at-istanbul-s-ataturk-airport-of-late-she-was-the-acting-director-of-th.md) _Context: BBC_
9. [The BBC reports that Nigeria will be removed from the list of countries where polio is endemic. ](/news/2015/09/25/the-bbc-reports-that-nigeria-will-be-removed-from-the-list-of-countries-where-polio-is-endemic.md) _Context: BBC_
10. [Greek government-debt crisis: The BBC reports that the European Central Bank will cap lending to Greece's struggling banks, causing the run on the nation's banks to become even worse. Next week a referendum will be held about leaving the Euro currency. ](/news/2015/06/28/greek-government-debt-crisis-the-bbc-reports-that-the-european-central-bank-will-cap-lending-to-greece-s-struggling-banks-causing-the-run.md) _Context: BBC_
