### [2005-05-24](/news/2005/05/24/index.md)

#  Canadian Liberal candidate Todd Russell wins a crucial by-election in the federal riding of Labrador. This result consolidates the shaky Liberal balance of power in the federal government. 




### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/canada/story/2005/05/24/byelection050524.html)

### Related:

1. [In Canada's Newfoundland and Labrador Province, Liberal Party's Yvonne Jones won a by-election to the province's Labrador electoral riding, formerly held by Conservative Party's Peter Penashue. The by-election was widely viewed as a crucial test for new Liberal Party leader Justin Trudeau. ](/news/2013/05/13/in-canada-s-newfoundland-and-labrador-province-liberal-party-s-yvonne-jones-won-a-by-election-to-the-province-s-labrador-electoral-riding.md) _Context: Canada, Labrador, Liberal Party's, by-election_
2. [ Incumbent parties lose two of three by-elections in Canadian federal parliamentary ridings in Quebec. Thomas Mulcair takes the Liberal stronghold of Outremont, bringing the New Democratic Party its second-ever victory in Quebec. Conservative Denis Lebel takes the Bloc-held riding of Roberval--Lac-Saint-Jean, while Eve-Mary Thai Thi Lac holds Saint-Hyacinthe--Bagot for the Bloc Quebecois. ](/news/2007/09/17/incumbent-parties-lose-two-of-three-by-elections-in-canadian-federal-parliamentary-ridings-in-quebec-thomas-mulcair-takes-the-liberal-stro.md) _Context: Canada, Liberal Party's, by-election_
3. [Justin Trudeau, son of former Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau, is chosen as the new leader of the Liberal Party of Canada. ](/news/2013/04/14/justin-trudeau-son-of-former-canadian-prime-minister-pierre-trudeau-is-chosen-as-the-new-leader-of-the-liberal-party-of-canada.md) _Context: Canada, Liberal Party's_
4. [ Canadian Member of Parliament Bob Rae announces his withdrawal from the leadership campaign of the Liberal Party, leaving the position (and that of the Leader of the Opposition and the leadership of the proposed opposition coalition) open to fellow MP Michael Ignatieff. ](/news/2008/12/9/canadian-member-of-parliament-bob-rae-announces-his-withdrawal-from-the-leadership-campaign-of-the-liberal-party-leaving-the-position-and.md) _Context: Canada, Liberal Party's_
5. [ In Canada, the Liberal Party, New Democratic Party, and Bloc Qubcois sign an agreement to form a coalition Government with Stphane Dion as leader, with the intention of toppling the Conservative Government that was elected less than two months before. ](/news/2008/12/1/in-canada-the-liberal-party-new-democratic-party-and-bloc-quebecois-sign-an-agreement-to-form-a-coalition-government-with-stephane-dion.md) _Context: Canada, Liberal Party's_
6. [ Canada faces a parliamentary crisis as the opposition Liberals, NDP and Bloc Qubcois reject the policies in the Conservative minority government's "economic update." Following talks between the Liberals and NDP, plans are unveiled to hold a vote of no confidence and replace the Conservatives with a Liberal-NDP coalition. ](/news/2008/11/28/canada-faces-a-parliamentary-crisis-as-the-opposition-liberals-ndp-and-bloc-quebecois-reject-the-policies-in-the-conservative-minority-gov.md) _Context: Canada, Liberal Party's_
7. [ Liberal MP Jean Lapierre resigns from the Canadian House of Commons. Justin Trudeau is likely to be the Liberals' candidate in the next election in the Outremont riding. ](/news/2007/01/11/liberal-mp-jean-lapierre-resigns-from-the-canadian-house-of-commons-justin-trudeau-is-likely-to-be-the-liberals-candidate-in-the-next-ele.md) _Context: Canada, Liberal Party's_
8. [ Stephen Harper, Gilles Duceppe and Jack Layton, leaders of Canada's three parliamentary opposition parties, issue a joint ultimatum calling for the next Canadian federal election to be moved forward to early February from the April date favoured by the government. They threaten to pass a motion of non-confidence and force an election at Christmas if Paul Martin's Liberal government does not accede to the move in writing. Martin rejects their proposal. ](/news/2005/11/13/stephen-harper-gilles-duceppe-and-jack-layton-leaders-of-canada-s-three-parliamentary-opposition-parties-issue-a-joint-ultimatum-calling.md) _Context: Canada, Liberal Party's_
9. [ Canadian Conservative MP Belinda Stronach crosses the floor of the House of Commons to sit with the Liberals, two days before a crucial budget vote that could determine whether the Liberal government falls or not. ](/news/2005/05/17/canadian-conservative-mp-belinda-stronach-crosses-the-floor-of-the-house-of-commons-to-sit-with-the-liberals-two-days-before-a-crucial-bud.md) _Context: Canada, Liberal Party's_
10. [ Following Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin's plea on national television that a re-election ought to be delayed until the Gomery Commission has completed its report on the sponsorship scandal, a deal between the governing Liberal Party and the New Democratic Party may avoid the election in the near future as predicted earlier last week. ](/news/2005/04/26/following-canadian-prime-minister-paul-martin-s-plea-on-national-television-that-a-re-election-ought-to-be-delayed-until-the-gomery-commiss.md) _Context: Canada, Liberal Party's_
