### [2013-03-29](/news/2013/03/29/index.md)

# 2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: President of Cyprus Nicos Anastasiades says the island has no intention of abandoning the euro, despite the tough conditions imposed by its 10 billion euro bailout deal with the European Union and International Monetary Fund. 

Cyprus President Nicos Anastasiades says the island will not leave the euro, as the central bank announces a slight easing of capital controls.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-21973809)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/66665000/jpg/_66665778_66665777.jpg)

### Related:

1. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: Security tightens in Cyprus as banks prepare to reopen after nearly two weeks, following a controversial international bailout that was negotiated with the European Union and the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2013/03/28/2012a2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-security-tightens-in-cyprus-as-banks-prepare-to-reopen-after-nearly-two-weeks-following-a-controversi.md) _Context: Cyprus, EU, International Monetary Fund, bailout, collapse_
2. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: President of Cyprus Nicos Anastasiades presents a new bailout package for Cypriot banks as Cyprus is hit with a liquidity crisis. ](/news/2013/03/20/2012a2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-president-of-cyprus-nicos-anastasiades-presents-a-new-bailout-package-for-cypriot-banks-as-cyprus-is-h.md) _Context: Cyprus, Nicos Anastasiades, President, bailout, collapse_
3. [Standard & Poor's downgrades Greece's sovereign credit rating to junk, four days after the country's government requests the activation of a EUR45-billion EU-IMF bailout. ](/news/2010/04/27/standard-poor-s-downgrades-greece-s-sovereign-credit-rating-to-junk-four-days-after-the-country-s-government-requests-the-activation-of-a.md) _Context: EU, EUR, International Monetary Fund, bailout_
4. [European Union finance ministers and central bank governors begin a two-day meeting at Dublin Castle to talk about austerity, the collapse of the Cypriot economy and the creation of a federal bank. ](/news/2013/04/12/european-union-finance-ministers-and-central-bank-governors-begin-a-two-day-meeting-at-dublin-castle-to-talk-about-austerity-the-collapse-o.md) _Context: Cyprus, EU, collapse_
5. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: Cyprus's Ministry of Finance says banks will remain shut until Thursday to give regulators time to guard against a run on deposits, and that big depositors in Cypriot banks can lose up to 40% of their funds, while depositors with less than 100,000 euros in their accounts will not be affected by bailout plans. ](/news/2013/03/26/2012a2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-cyprus-s-ministry-of-finance-says-banks-will-remain-shut-until-thursday-to-give-regulators-time-to-gua.md) _Context: Cyprus, bailout, collapse_
6. [Cyprus reportedly reaches an outline bank bailout deal with international lenders including the European Union, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2013/03/25/cyprus-reportedly-reaches-an-outline-bank-bailout-deal-with-international-lenders-including-the-european-union-the-european-central-bank-an.md) _Context: Cyprus, EU, International Monetary Fund_
7. [2012-13 Cypriot financial crisis: Cyprus President Nicos Anastasiades begins a series of emergency meetings in Brussels in a last-ditch attempt to finalize a bailout. ](/news/2013/03/24/2012a13-cypriot-financial-crisis-cyprus-president-nicos-anastasiades-begins-a-series-of-emergency-meetings-in-brussels-in-a-last-ditch-at.md) _Context: Cyprus, Nicos Anastasiades, President_
8. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: Cypriot lawmakers overwhelmingly reject the EC-ECB-IMF troika plan to tax all bank deposits. ](/news/2013/03/19/2012a2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-cypriot-lawmakers-overwhelmingly-reject-the-ecaecbaimf-troika-plan-to-tax-all-bank-deposits.md) _Context: Cyprus, International Monetary Fund, collapse_
9. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: A deal is reached between Cyprus and the EC-ECB-IMF troika. The terms of the EUR10 billion "bailout" package cause widespread anger among Cypriots who queue from early morning to withdraw their savings as it emerges that up to 10% of each citizen's deposits are to be wiped out to raise billions. ](/news/2013/03/16/2012a2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-a-deal-is-reached-between-cyprus-and-the-ecaecbaimf-troika-the-terms-of-the-a-10-billion-bailou.md) _Context: Cyprus, International Monetary Fund, collapse_
10. [The International Monetary Fund approves a 26 billion euro loan to Portugal as part of a joint bailout package with the European Union to try to resolve the European sovereign debt crisis. ](/news/2011/05/20/the-international-monetary-fund-approves-a-26-billion-euro-loan-to-portugal-as-part-of-a-joint-bailout-package-with-the-european-union-to-tr.md) _Context: EU, EUR, International Monetary Fund_
