### [2013-03-29](/news/2013/03/29/index.md)

# Christians across the globe celebrate Good Friday. 

JERUSALEM — Hundreds of Christians streamed through the cobblestone alleyways of Jerusalem&#39;s Old City on Friday, hoisting wooden crosses and chanting prayers to mark the crucifixion of Jesus. Throngs of pilgrims walked a traditional Good Friday procession that retraces Jesus&#39; steps along the Via Dolorosa, Latin for the &quot;Way of Suffering.&quot; They followed his 14 stations, saying a prayer at each and ending at the ancient Holy Sepulcher church. Along the route, Franciscan friars in brown robes chanted prayers in Latin and explained the different stations to crowds through a megaphone. Leonard Mary, a priest from Irondale, Alabama, was dressed as Jesus wearing a crown of thorns. He was flanked by men posing as Roman soldiers and had fake blood dripping down his chest as he lugged a giant


### Source:

1. [AP via ''Toledo Blade](http://www.toledoblade.com/Religion/2013/03/29/Christians-mark-Jesus-crucifixion-on-Good-Friday.html)

### Related:

1. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Christian_
2. [UNESCO's executive board approves the "Occupied Palestine" resolution which reaffirms the cultural heritage of Palestine, especially East Jerusalem, and criticizes certain Israeli actions regarding the Palestinian territories. For the land in Jerusalem where the Al-Aqsa Mosque stands, the board uses only Islamic naming terms without also mentioning Jewish or Christian historical references. ](/news/2016/10/18/unesco-s-executive-board-approves-the-occupied-palestine-resolution-which-reaffirms-the-cultural-heritage-of-palestine-especially-east-je.md) _Context: Christian_
3. [United States President Barack Obama, in Antalya, Turkey, says America will continue to accept refugees from Syria and elsewhere, though, "Only after subjecting them to rigorous screening and security checks." Responding to calls to admit Christians but not Muslims into the country, he said, "We don't have religious tests to our compassion." ](/news/2015/11/16/united-states-president-barack-obama-in-antalya-turkey-says-america-will-continue-to-accept-refugees-from-syria-and-elsewhere-though-o.md) _Context: Christian_
4. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims that ISIL has kidnapped at least 230 people, including at least 60 Christians, from Al-Qaryatayn in the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2015/08/7/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-claims-that-isil-has-kidnapped-at-least-230-people-including-at-least-60-christians-from-al-qaryat.md) _Context: Christian_
5. [Two gunmen storm a Christian church in Kenya during a Sunday service, killing at least six people and wounding more than a dozen others. ](/news/2014/03/23/two-gunmen-storm-a-christian-church-in-kenya-during-a-sunday-service-killing-at-least-six-people-and-wounding-more-than-a-dozen-others.md) _Context: Christian_
6. [2013 in Pakistan:Hundreds of Christian protestors clash with police across Pakistan after the burning of Christian houses in Lahore. ](/news/2013/03/10/2013-in-pakistan-phundreds-of-christian-protestors-clash-with-police-across-pakistan-after-the-burning-of-christian-houses-in-lahore.md) _Context: Christian_
7. [Police in China arrest almost 1,000 people belonging to the doomsday Almighty God Christian cult for spreading rumours about the end of the world. ](/news/2012/12/20/police-in-china-arrest-almost-1-000-people-belonging-to-the-doomsday-almighty-god-christian-cult-for-spreading-rumours-about-the-end-of-the.md) _Context: Christian_
8. [Nigeria violence:Gunmen attack Christian villages in northern Nigeria, killing dozens of people. ](/news/2012/07/8/nigeria-violence-pgunmen-attack-christian-villages-in-northern-nigeria-killing-dozens-of-people.md) _Context: Christian_
9. [At least 37 people are killed in two days of attacks in northeastern Nigeria, after radical Islamic group Boko Haram issues an ultimatum for all Christians to leave the north. ](/news/2012/01/7/at-least-37-people-are-killed-in-two-days-of-attacks-in-northeastern-nigeria-after-radical-islamic-group-boko-haram-issues-an-ultimatum-for.md) _Context: Christian_
10. [A petition is delivered to the Chinese parliament by underground Christian churches asking for their religious freedom to be respected. ](/news/2011/05/12/a-petition-is-delivered-to-the-chinese-parliament-by-underground-christian-churches-asking-for-their-religious-freedom-to-be-respected.md) _Context: Christian_
