### [2013-03-29](/news/2013/03/29/index.md)

# Dar es Salaam building collapse: At least 36 are killed and around 25 more are trapped when a 16-floor building collapses in the commercial capital Dar es Salaam, Tanzania. 

At least three people are killed and dozens more trapped after a multi-storey building collapses in the main Tanzanian city, Dar es Salaam, rescuers say.


### Source:

1. [AllAfrica.com](http://allafrica.com/stories/201304020028.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-21973907)
3. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2013/03/29/world/africa/tanzania-building-collapse)

### Related:

1. [China's President Xi Jinping vows to intensify ties with Africa, as he addresses leaders in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, on his first trip to the continent. ](/news/2013/03/25/china-s-president-xi-jinping-vows-to-intensify-ties-with-africa-as-he-addresses-leaders-in-dar-es-salaam-tanzania-on-his-first-trip-to-th.md) _Context: Dar es Salaam, Tanzania_
2. [Floods hit the city of Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, killing at least 13 people in the nation's worst floods since its independence in 1961. ](/news/2011/12/22/floods-hit-the-city-of-dar-es-salaam-tanzania-killing-at-least-13-people-in-the-nation-s-worst-floods-since-its-independence-in-1961.md) _Context: Dar es Salaam, Tanzania_
3. [At least 32 people are killed in several hours of explosions due to an accident at a munitions dump in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania closing the city's airport, destroying homes, a school and sending debris flying across the city as thousands of people seek shelter in a stadium. The death toll is expected to rise. ](/news/2011/02/17/at-least-32-people-are-killed-in-several-hours-of-explosions-due-to-an-accident-at-a-munitions-dump-in-dar-es-salaam-tanzania-closing-the-c.md) _Context: Dar es Salaam, Tanzania_
4. [Jwani Mwaikusa, a senior Tanzanian defence lawyer at the United Nations-backed tribunal for Rwanda, is fatally shot outside his home in Dar es Salaam. His nephew and neighbour are also killed. ](/news/2010/07/15/jwani-mwaikusa-a-senior-tanzanian-defence-lawyer-at-the-united-nations-backed-tribunal-for-rwanda-is-fatally-shot-outside-his-home-in-dar.md) _Context: Dar es Salaam, Tanzania_
5. [ Burundi president Domitien Ndayizeye and Agathon Rwasa, leader of the last of the rebel groups, National Liberation Forces, sign a peace deal in a meeting in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania. ](/news/2005/05/15/burundi-president-domitien-ndayizeye-and-agathon-rwasa-leader-of-the-last-of-the-rebel-groups-national-liberation-forces-sign-a-peace-de.md) _Context: Dar es Salaam, Tanzania_
6. [As many as 30 people, mostly children, are killed after a school bus plunges off a road into a steep ravine in the Arusha Region of northern Tanzania. ](/news/2017/05/6/as-many-as-30-people-mostly-children-are-killed-after-a-school-bus-plunges-off-a-road-into-a-steep-ravine-in-the-arusha-region-of-northern.md) _Context: Tanzania_
7. [University of Washington researchers report, in the peer-reviewed "Journal of the American Medical Association Oncology", the discovery of an odontoma -- a "benign tumor" -- in the fossil of a 255-million-year old Tanzanian mammal-like saber-toothed gorgonopsia. This is one of the oldest-known tumors ever found. ](/news/2016/12/9/university-of-washington-researchers-report-in-the-peer-reviewed-journal-of-the-american-medical-association-oncology-the-discovery-of-a.md) _Context: Tanzania_
8. [A magnitude 5.7 earthquake occurs in northern Tanzania, near Lake Victoria, killing at least 13 people and injuring 200 others. Tanzanian authorities report significant damage in the town of Bukoba. The governments of Burundi, Kenya, Rwanda, and Uganda report tremors. ](/news/2016/09/10/a-magnitude-5-7-earthquake-occurs-in-northern-tanzania-near-lake-victoria-killing-at-least-13-people-and-injuring-200-others-tanzanian-au.md) _Context: Tanzania_
9. [This week, the Gambia and Tanzania outlawed child marriages. Friday, the Tanzanian High Court -- in a case filed by the "Msichana Initiative", a lobbying group that advocates for girls' right to education -- ruled in favor of protecting girls from the harms of early marriage. And during a feast ending the Muslim holy month of Ramadan on Wednesday, The Gambian President Yahya Jammeh announced that child and forced marriages are banned. Jammeh called on the National Assembly to quickly take up the issue. ](/news/2016/07/9/this-week-the-gambia-and-tanzania-outlawed-child-marriages-friday-the-tanzanian-high-court-a-in-a-case-filed-by-the-msichana-initiativ.md) _Context: Tanzania_
10. [Durham and Oxford universities' geologists, working with a helium exploration company, discover an at least 54 billion cubic foot field of helium in the Tanzanian East African Rift Valley. Previously, helium has only been found in small quantities. This field, found using a new exploration approach connected to volcanic activity, could potentially meet global demand for several years. ](/news/2016/06/28/durham-and-oxford-universities-geologists-working-with-a-helium-exploration-company-discover-an-at-least-54-billion-cubic-foot-field-of-h.md) _Context: Tanzania_
