### [2013-03-29](/news/2013/03/29/index.md)

# Former Premier of Alberta Ralph Klein dies in Calgary, Alberta, Canada, at the age of 70. 

Ralph Klein, the television reporter-turned politician who became a national figure during his 14 years as Alberta premier, died Friday in his hometown of Calgary. He was 70.


### Source:

1. [CTV News](http://www.ctvnews.ca/canada/ralph-klein-former-alberta-premier-dies-at-70-1.1216518)

### Related:

1. [75,000 people are evacuated from their homes during flooding in Calgary, Alberta, Canada. ](/news/2013/06/21/75-000-people-are-evacuated-from-their-homes-during-flooding-in-calgary-alberta-canada.md) _Context: Alberta, Calgary, Alberta, Canada_
2. [2013 Alberta floods: Extensive flooding begins throughout southern Alberta, Canada, leading to the evacuation of more than 100,000 people, notably in the City of Calgary and Town of High River. It would become the costliest natural disaster in Canadian history.](/news/2013/06/20/2013-alberta-floods-extensive-flooding-begins-throughout-southern-alberta-canada-leading-to-the-evacuation-of-more-than-100-000-people-n.md) _Context: Alberta, Calgary, Alberta, Canada_
3. [In Canada, Chinook windstorms tear through Alberta and Saskatchewan, producing a dust storm in downtown Calgary and causing millions of dollars in damage. The windstorms fuel a grass fire that grows to two kilometres wide near Lethbridge, Alberta, before being contained, and gusts reach a maximum speed of 149|km/h|mph|abbr=on. ](/news/2011/11/27/in-canada-chinook-windstorms-tear-through-alberta-and-saskatchewan-producing-a-dust-storm-in-downtown-calgary-and-causing-millions-of-doll.md) _Context: Alberta, Calgary, Alberta, Canada_
4. [Naheed Nenshi is voted mayor of Calgary, Alberta, the first Muslim person to be elected mayor of a major city in Canada. ](/news/2010/10/19/naheed-nenshi-is-voted-mayor-of-calgary-alberta-the-first-muslim-person-to-be-elected-mayor-of-a-major-city-in-canada.md) _Context: Alberta, Calgary, Alberta, Canada_
5. [ Ed Stelmach is elected leader of the Progressive Conservative Association of Alberta and will become the next premier of Alberta, replacing outgoing leader Ralph Klein and defeating competitors Jim Dinning and Ted Morton. ](/news/2006/12/2/ed-stelmach-is-elected-leader-of-the-progressive-conservative-association-of-alberta-and-will-become-the-next-premier-of-alberta-replacing.md) _Context: Alberta, Premier of Alberta, Ralph Klein_
6. [A herd of Plains bison are successfully reintroduced to the Banff National Park in Alberta, Canada, more than 100 years after they were nearly hunted out of existence. ](/news/2017/02/6/a-herd-of-plains-bison-are-successfully-reintroduced-to-the-banff-national-park-in-alberta-canada-more-than-100-years-after-they-were-near.md) _Context: Alberta, Canada_
7. [Residents return to Fort McMurray for the first time since May 1. A couple thousand firefighters, from as far away as South Africa, continue to battle the 5,800 square kilometer (3,603 square mile) Canadian blaze that has crossed the Alberta border into Saskatchewan. ](/news/2016/06/1/residents-return-to-fort-mcmurray-for-the-first-time-since-may-1-a-couple-thousand-firefighters-from-as-far-away-as-south-africa-continue.md) _Context: Alberta, Canada_
8. [The western Canadian province of Alberta declares a state of emergency as devastating wildfires, fed by unseasonably hot temperatures and dry conditions, grow to five times their initial size. The mandatory evacuation order expands to include the communities of Anzac, Gregoire Lake Estates, and Fort McMurray First Nation, forcing thousands who had just resettled to move again. ](/news/2016/05/5/the-western-canadian-province-of-alberta-declares-a-state-of-emergency-as-devastating-wildfires-fed-by-unseasonably-hot-temperatures-and-dr.md) _Context: Alberta, Canada_
9. [A mandatory evacuation order for more than 29,000 people remains in place for the Canadian town of Fort McMurray, Alberta, which is threatened by an out of control wildfire. ](/news/2016/05/3/a-mandatory-evacuation-order-for-more-than-29-000-people-remains-in-place-for-the-canadian-town-of-fort-mcmurray-alberta-which-is-threaten.md) _Context: Alberta, Canada_
10. [Alberta authorities update information about the fire. About 2,400 homes and buildings were destroyed, but firefighters saved 25,000 others in the city, including the hospital, municipal buildings, and every functioning school. They expect most of the 88,000 evacuees will return to their homes within two weeks. The fire, which has merged with another blaze, is about 884 square miles (2,090 square kilometers) in size. The majority of Canada's oil sands industry, and a third of the country's total oil output, is offline, though Shell Canada has restarted its Albian Sands mining operations. ](/news/2016/05/10/alberta-authorities-update-information-about-the-fire-about-2-400-homes-and-buildings-were-destroyed-but-firefighters-saved-25-000-others.md) _Context: Alberta, Canada_
