### [2013-03-29](/news/2013/03/29/index.md)

# North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un orders preparations for strategic rocket strikes on the US mainland at an overnight meeting with top army commanders, in response to the use of nuclear-capable B-2 Stealth Bombers in joint US-South Korea military drills. China appeals for calm on all sides. 

North Korea has revealed its plans to strike targets in Hawaii and the continental United States in photos taken in Kim Jong-un&#039;s military command centre.


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/asia/northkorea/9960933/North-Korea-plan-to-attack-US-mainland-revealed-in-photographs.html)

### Related:

1. [North Korea threatens to attack American military bases in Japan in response to the use of nuclear-capable B-52 bombers in joint military drills with South Korea. ](/news/2013/03/21/north-korea-threatens-to-attack-american-military-bases-in-japan-in-response-to-the-use-of-nuclear-capable-b-52-bombers-in-joint-military-dr.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, United States of America, military drills_
2. [  North Korea accuses South Korea of kidnapping its citizens and demands their immediate return after Seoul's Ministry of Unification said 13 of them had defected to South Korea from China, where they worked in a Pyongyang-operated restaurant. China says that the 13 people, a male manager and 12 young female employees, had legitimate passports and had freely exited China. ](/news/2016/04/12/north-korea-accuses-south-korea-of-kidnapping-its-citizens-and-demands-their-immediate-return-after-seoul-s-ministry-of-unification-said-1.md) _Context: North Korea, People's Republic of China, South Korea_
3. [South Korea's National Intelligence Service warns that North Korea is currently planning a "terrorist attack" on South Korea, saying Kim Jong-un himself gave the order to North Korea's State Security Department to make preparations for attacks. The NIS warning covered a large number of possible targets, including "subways, shopping malls, exhibition centers, power plants" as well as possible cyber attacks. ](/news/2016/02/18/south-korea-s-national-intelligence-service-warns-that-north-korea-is-currently-planning-a-terrorist-attack-on-south-korea-saying-kim-jon.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, South Korea_
4. [North Korea's state media says Kim Yang-gon, a top aide to supreme leader Kim Jong-un and secretary of the ruling Workers' Party of Korea (WPK), who was also in charge of ties with South Korea, dies in a car crash. ](/news/2015/12/29/north-korea-s-state-media-says-kim-yang-gon-a-top-aide-to-supreme-leader-kim-jong-un-and-secretary-of-the-ruling-workers-party-of-korea-w.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, South Korea_
5. [North Korea's all-female Moranbong Band, which was formed by leader Kim Jong-un, surprisingly cancels tonight's concert at Beijing's National Centre for the Performing Arts, and two others and returns to Pyongyang. Rumors for the sudden change abound, but no reason has been given. The sudden cancellation could hurt Chinese-North Korean relations,  cooler since between Kim assumed power in 2011. ](/news/2015/12/12/north-korea-s-all-female-moranbong-band-which-was-formed-by-leader-kim-jong-un-surprisingly-cancels-tonight-s-concert-at-beijing-s-nationa.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, People's Republic of China_
6. [Kim Jong-un, the supreme leader of North Korea, announces that the country is now in possession of a hydrogen bomb, according to North Korean state media. Experts from South Korea however are skeptical about this claim. ](/news/2015/12/10/kim-jong-un-the-supreme-leader-of-north-korea-announces-that-the-country-is-now-in-possession-of-a-hydrogen-bomb-according-to-north-korea.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, South Korea_
7. [Supreme Leader of North Korea Kim Jong-un orders the Korean People's Army to be on a war footing following the exchange of artillery fire with South Korea yesterday. ](/news/2015/08/21/supreme-leader-of-north-korea-kim-jong-un-orders-the-korean-people-s-army-to-be-on-a-war-footing-following-the-exchange-of-artillery-fire-wi.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, South Korea_
8. [2013 Korean crisis: The annual session of North Korea's Parliament, the Supreme People's Assembly, takes place in Pyongyang, following repeated threats of violence by the leader Kim Jong-Un against South Korea and the United States. Choi Bu-Il is appointed Minister of Internal Security. ](/news/2013/04/1/2013-korean-crisis-the-annual-session-of-north-korea-s-parliament-the-supreme-people-s-assembly-takes-place-in-pyongyang-following-repea.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, South Korea_
9. [North Korea issues a new threat to strike targets on the United States mainland, Hawaii and Guam, as well as South Korea, days after a new US-South Korea military pact. ](/news/2013/03/26/north-korea-issues-a-new-threat-to-strike-targets-on-the-united-states-mainland-hawaii-and-guam-as-well-as-south-korea-days-after-a-new-u.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, continental United States_
10. [North Korea breaks the 1953 armistice with South Korea and cuts the phone line between the two countries, after United States and South Korea have begun military drills. North Korean officials say that the army is ready to attack at any given order. ](/news/2013/03/11/north-korea-breaks-the-1953-armistice-with-south-korea-and-cuts-the-phone-line-between-the-two-countries-after-united-states-and-south-kore.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, military drills_
