### [2011-10-11](/news/2011/10/11/index.md)

# The EU imposes further sanctions on Belarus, Iran, and Syria, expresses support for Libya's National Transitional Council, and reiterates call for Syria's President Bashar al-Assad to step down. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2011/10/10/world/europe/luxembourg-eu-foreign-ministers/index.html?hpt=hp_t2)

### Related:

1. [Executive Order 13769. Travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen are blocked from entering the United States as the executive order takes effect. ](/news/2017/01/28/executive-order-13769-travelers-from-iran-iraq-libya-somalia-sudan-syria-and-yemen-are-blocked-from-entering-the-united-states-as-the.md) _Context: Iran, Libya, Syria_
2. [Presidency of Donald Trump. President Trump signs an executive order limiting refugees and immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries, including Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The order also prioritizes the vetting of Christian refugees of the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/27/presidency-of-donald-trump-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-limiting-refugees-and-immigration-from-seven-muslim-majority-countries.md) _Context: Iran, Libya, Syria_
3. [Canada-Iran relations:. Canada closes its embassy in Iran and orders all Iranian diplomatic staff out of Canada, citing Iran's support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, Iran's "among the worst" human rights record, its lack of respect for the Vienna conventions, its nuclear program and the security of Canadian diplomatic personnel. It sees Iran as the world's "most significant threat to global peace and security." Minister of foreign affairs Baird says the Canadian government files Iran as a "state sponsor of terrorism" under the Canadian ](/news/2012/09/7/canada-iran-relations-canada-closes-its-embassy-in-iran-and-orders-all-iranian-diplomatic-staff-out-of-canada-citing-iran-s-support-for.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Iran, Syria_
4. [Syrian uprising:. President Bashar al-Assad declares that a state of war exists in Syria as fighting spills into Damascus. ](/news/2012/06/27/syrian-uprising-president-bashar-al-assad-declares-that-a-state-of-war-exists-in-syria-as-fighting-spills-into-damascus.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syria_
5. [Two people are killed in ongoing clashes in the Lebanese capital Beirut between supporters and opponents of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. ](/news/2012/05/21/two-people-are-killed-in-ongoing-clashes-in-the-lebanese-capital-beirut-between-supporters-and-opponents-of-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syria_
6. [2011-2012 Syrian uprising: The United Nations General Assembly overwhelmingly votes in favour of an Arab sponsored resolution condemning human rights violations by the Syrian government led by President Bashar al-Assad. ](/news/2012/02/16/2011-2012-syrian-uprising-the-united-nations-general-assembly-overwhelmingly-votes-in-favour-of-an-arab-sponsored-resolution-condemning-h.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syria_
7. [2011-2012 Syrian uprising: The Arab League calls on the United Nations Security Council to back its proposal for the President of Syria Bashar al-Assad to hand over power to his deputy and prepare for elections. ](/news/2012/01/31/2011-2012-syrian-uprising-the-arab-league-calls-on-the-united-nations-security-council-to-back-its-proposal-for-the-president-of-syria-ba.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syria_
8. [2011 Syrian uprising: At least 19 people are killed across Syria by security forces as protests continue against the regime of President Bashar al-Assad. ](/news/2011/11/19/2011-syrian-uprising-at-least-19-people-are-killed-across-syria-by-security-forces-as-protests-continue-against-the-regime-of-president-bas.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syria_
9. [Arab Spring:. 2011 Syrian uprising:. Syrian activists call for mass protests in schools against the regime of President Bashar al-Assad as the school year begins. ](/news/2011/09/18/arab-spring-2011-syrian-uprising-syrian-activists-call-for-mass-protests-in-schools-against-the-regime-of-president-bashar-al-assad-as-t.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syria_
10. [Syrian civil war: At least 13 people are killed in a continuing crackdown by security forces in Syria; opposition leaders meeting in Turkey call for President Bashar al-Assad to step down. ](/news/2011/06/2/syrian-civil-war-at-least-13-people-are-killed-in-a-continuing-crackdown-by-security-forces-in-syria-opposition-leaders-meeting-in-turkey.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syria_
