### [2006-11-7](/news/2006/11/7/index.md)

#  John R. Bolton, the United States Ambassador to the United Nations, claims that United States diplomat Josette Shiner has been selected to head the United Nations World Food Programme. 

Get the latest breaking news across the U.S. on ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory?id=2634727&CMP=OTC-RSSFeeds0312)

### Related:

1. [ Former U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations John R. Bolton claims the United States deliberately resisted calls for an immediate ceasefire during the 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict. ](/news/2007/03/22/former-u-s-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-john-r-bolton-claims-the-united-states-deliberately-resisted-calls-for-an-immediate-ceasefire.md) _Context: Ambassador to the United Nations, John R. Bolton, United States_
2. [2017 South Sudan famine. The World Food Programme (WFP) and other United Nations agencies declare that there is a famine in parts of Unity State, South Sudan, with 100,000 facing starvation and another million on the brink of famine. ](/news/2017/02/20/2017-south-sudan-famine-the-world-food-programme-wfp-and-other-united-nations-agencies-declare-that-there-is-a-famine-in-parts-of-unity-s.md) _Context: United Nations, World Food Programme_
3. [ United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334. The United States Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power abstains from voting in a 14-0 Security Council decision condemning Israeli settlement of the Palestinian territories. ](/news/2016/12/23/united-nations-security-council-resolution-2334-the-united-states-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-samantha-power-abstains-from-voting-in.md) _Context: Ambassador to the United Nations, United States_
4. [For the first time in 25 years, the United States abstains in a United Nations vote calling for an end to its Cuban economic embargo. ](/news/2016/10/26/for-the-first-time-in-25-years-the-united-states-abstains-in-a-united-nations-vote-calling-for-an-end-to-its-cuban-economic-embargo.md) _Context: United Nations, United States_
5. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The United States launches airstrikes on ISIL positions in the Libyan city of Sirte following a request from the UN-backed Government of National Accord. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj, in a televised address, says the strikes have caused "heavy ISIL losses". ](/news/2016/08/1/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-united-states-launches-airstrikes-on-isil-positions-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte-following-a-request-f.md) _Context: United Nations, United States_
6. [Israel-Palestine relations. The report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council - the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union - calls on Israel to end settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, -The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/israel-palestine-relations-the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states.md) _Context: United Nations, United States_
7. [Syrian peace process. United Nations envoy for Syria Staffan de Mistura appeals to the United States and Russia to intervene to help revive the failing Syrian peace talks. He stressed fighting needs to decrease for the talks to work, and that won't happen "without some sort of political solution on the horizon." ](/news/2016/04/28/syrian-peace-process-united-nations-envoy-for-syria-staffan-de-mistura-appeals-to-the-united-states-and-russia-to-intervene-to-help-revive.md) _Context: United Nations, United States_
8. [2016 Ecuador earthquake. The United Nations World Food Programme announces it is stepping up assistance to Ecuador-s most vulnerable areas following an earthquake that killed over 650 people. ](/news/2016/04/25/2016-ecuador-earthquake-the-united-nations-world-food-programme-announces-it-is-stepping-up-assistance-to-ecuador-s-most-vulnerable-areas.md) _Context: United Nations, World Food Programme_
9. [U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power says the United States is investigating reports that Iran launched a medium-range ballistic missile in November, and if confirmed, will bring the issue to the U.N. Security Council and seek appropriate action. ](/news/2015/12/8/u-s-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-samantha-power-says-the-united-states-is-investigating-reports-that-iran-launched-a-medium-range-balli.md) _Context: Ambassador to the United Nations, United States_
10. [U.S. diplomats, amid growing international concern the violence could spiral into an ethnic conflict, push for peace talks in Burundi. The European Union advises non-essential staff to evacuate the Central African nation amid rising violence and an uptick in political rhetoric. The head of the opposition UPRONA group urges the United Nations to send peacekeepers quickly. Yesterday, the UN Security Council called on the Burundi Government to protect human rights and cooperate with regional African mediators to immediately convene -an inclusive and genuine inter-Burundian dialogue- to find a peaceful resolution of the crisis. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-diplomats-amid-growing-international-concern-the-violence-could-spiral-into-an-ethnic-conflict-push-for-peace-talks-in-burundi-the-e.md) _Context: United Nations, United States_
