### [2003-12-21](/news/2003/12/21/index.md)

#  A senior French police source claims Diana, Princess of Wales was pregnant when she was killed in a car crash in Paris in 1997. A Clarence House spokesperson for The Prince of Wales refuses to comment on the issue. Mohamed Al-Fayed, the father of Diana's partner Dodi Al-Fayed had long insisted that Diana was pregnant with Dodi's baby and that she was murdered to stop her from giving birth. 




### Related:

1. [ DNA testing confirms that blood with a high blood alcohol content did indeed belong to Henri Paul, the driver in the crash that killed Diana, Princess of Wales, Dodi al Fayed and Paul himself in 1997. ](/news/2006/12/9/dna-testing-confirms-that-blood-with-a-high-blood-alcohol-content-did-indeed-belong-to-henri-paul-the-driver-in-the-crash-that-killed-dian.md) _Context: 1997, Dodi al Fayed, grandmother_
2. [It is announced that the daughter of the Duke of Cambridge and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, has been named Charlotte Elizabeth Diana, named after her grandfather, grandmother, and great grandmother. ](/news/2015/05/4/it-is-announced-that-the-daughter-of-the-duke-of-cambridge-and-catherine-duchess-of-cambridge-has-been-named-charlotte-elizabeth-diana-na.md) _Context: Prince Charles, grandmother_
3. [ Paul Burrell, Princess Diana's butler, refuses to be questioned about whether he lied to the inquest into her death in 1997. ](/news/2008/03/6/paul-burrell-princess-diana-s-butler-refuses-to-be-questioned-about-whether-he-lied-to-the-inquest-into-her-death-in-1997.md) _Context: 1997, grandmother_
4. [ Operation Paget, the inquiry into the death in 1997 of Diana, Princess of Wales headed by Lord Stevens, a former chief of London's Metropolitan Police, concludes that there were no suspicious circumstances and that the fatal car crash in which she died was a 'tragic accident'. ](/news/2006/12/14/operation-paget-the-inquiry-into-the-death-in-1997-of-diana-princess-of-wales-headed-by-lord-stevens-a-former-chief-of-london-s-metropol.md) _Context: 1997, grandmother_
5. [ Three paparazzi who were pursuing Diana and Dodi Al-Fayed when they died face a new trial in France. ](/news/2005/04/14/three-paparazzi-who-were-pursuing-diana-and-dodi-al-fayed-when-they-died-face-a-new-trial-in-france.md) _Context: Dodi al Fayed, grandmother_
6. [ Clarence House announces that Charles, Prince of Wales is to marry Camilla Parker Bowles in a civil ceremony on 8 April. When Charles becomes a king, it is intended that she be styled as a princess consort, rather than a queen consort. ](/news/2005/02/10/clarence-house-announces-that-charles-prince-of-wales-is-to-marry-camilla-parker-bowles-in-a-civil-ceremony-on-8-april-when-charles-becom.md) _Context: Clarence House, Prince Charles_
7. [Prince Charles becomes the first member of the British Royal Family to meet with Gerry Adams, the President of Sinn Fin, during a two-day visit to Ireland. ](/news/2015/05/19/prince-charles-becomes-the-first-member-of-the-british-royal-family-to-meet-with-gerry-adams-the-president-of-sinn-fein-during-a-two-day-v.md) _Context: Prince Charles_
8. [Clarence House confirms that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are expecting their second child. ](/news/2014/09/8/clarence-house-confirms-that-the-duke-and-duchess-of-cambridge-are-expecting-their-second-child.md) _Context: Clarence House_
9. [London's King Edward VII's Hospital says it is reviewing telephone protocol after two disc jockeys from a Sydney-based radio station, 2Day FM made a prank call to the hospital in which they posed as Queen Elizabeth and Prince Charles, and spoke with a member of nursing staff about the health of the Duchess of Cambridge. ](/news/2012/12/5/london-s-king-edward-vii-s-hospital-says-it-is-reviewing-telephone-protocol-after-two-disc-jockeys-from-a-sydney-based-radio-station-2day-f.md) _Context: Prince Charles_
10. [The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge announce they are expecting their first child. The baby could be third in line to the throne, after Prince Charles and Prince William. The Duchess is admitted to hospital with severe morning sickness. ](/news/2012/12/3/the-duke-and-duchess-of-cambridge-announce-they-are-expecting-their-first-child-the-baby-could-be-third-in-line-to-the-throne-after-prince.md) _Context: Prince Charles_
