### [2003-12-21](/news/2003/12/21/index.md)

#  Quoting an unnamed senior British military intelligence officer, a report in the Sunday Express (Britain) claims that before Saddam Hussein was captured by US troops, he had already been discovered by the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK). Kurdish forces had been alerted to his location by a member of the al-Jabour tribe whose daughter had been raped by Saddam's son Uday Hussein. [http://www.theage.com.au/articles/2003/12/21/1071941609659.html]




### Related:

1. [A suicide truck bomber detonates his vehicle at the gate of a Patriotic Union of Kurdistan office in Tuz Khormato, Iraq, a second truck bomb detonated as people were gathering around the first one. Over 15 are killed and at least 110 injured. ](/news/2014/06/9/a-suicide-truck-bomber-detonates-his-vehicle-at-the-gate-of-a-patriotic-union-of-kurdistan-office-in-tuz-khormato-iraq-a-second-truck-bomb.md) _Context: Patriotic Union of Kurdistan_
2. [At least 13 people are killed and 60 injured as a result of a double bombing at the offices of the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan in Jalula, Diyala region. ](/news/2014/06/8/at-least-13-people-are-killed-and-60-injured-as-a-result-of-a-double-bombing-at-the-offices-of-the-patriotic-union-of-kurdistan-in-jalula-d.md) _Context: Patriotic Union of Kurdistan_
3. [Newly declassified CIA documents show that top officials in the Reagan administration agreed to give Iraq information on the location of Iranian troops during the Iran-Iraq War despite awareness of Saddam Hussein's intention to use chemical weapons. ](/news/2013/08/26/newly-declassified-cia-documents-show-that-top-officials-in-the-reagan-administration-agreed-to-give-iraq-information-on-the-location-of-ira.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein_
4. [The United Nations votes to lift sanctions imposed on Iraq during the Saddam Hussein era. ](/news/2010/12/15/the-united-nations-votes-to-lift-sanctions-imposed-on-iraq-during-the-saddam-hussein-era.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein_
5. [Former Foreign Minister of Iraq Tariq Aziz is sentenced to death for persecuting members of the Islamic Dawa Party during Saddam Hussein's regime. ](/news/2010/10/26/former-foreign-minister-of-iraq-tariq-aziz-is-sentenced-to-death-for-persecuting-members-of-the-islamic-dawa-party-during-saddam-hussein-s-r.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein_
6. [Saddam Hussein's former foreign minister Tariq Aziz and other senior members are summoned and appear in an Iraqi court charged with "squandering the public wealth". ](/news/2010/07/18/saddam-hussein-s-former-foreign-minister-tariq-aziz-and-other-senior-members-are-summoned-and-appear-in-an-iraqi-court-charged-with-squande.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein_
7. [Ahead of the Iraqi parliamentary election, 2010, the De-Ba'athification Commission recommends banning the leaders of the Iraqi National Dialogue Front, the Coalition for Iraqi National Unity and 13 other parties for links to Saddam Hussein's banned Ba'ath Party. ](/news/2010/01/10/ahead-of-the-iraqi-parliamentary-election-2010-the-de-ba-athification-commission-recommends-banning-the-leaders-of-the-iraqi-national-dial.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein_
8. [ A Dutch court hears a case taken by Kurdish survivors of poison gas attacks in Halabja against businessman Frans van Anraat, who sold chemicals to Saddam Hussein during the 1980s. ](/news/2009/12/23/a-dutch-court-hears-a-case-taken-by-kurdish-survivors-of-poison-gas-attacks-in-halabja-against-businessman-frans-van-anraat-who-sold-chemi.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein_
9. [ Iraq broadcasts a video of former police chief Wissam Ali Kadhem Ibrahim, a Saddam Hussein loyalist, confessing to orchestrating a truck bombing at the finance ministry, the first of two bombings that killed 95 people and maimed hundreds more in Baghdad on 19 August. ](/news/2009/08/23/iraq-broadcasts-a-video-of-former-police-chief-wissam-ali-kadhem-ibrahim-a-saddam-hussein-loyalist-confessing-to-orchestrating-a-truck-bo.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein_
10. [ Iraq bans planned group visits to Saddam Hussein's grave. ](/news/2009/07/7/iraq-bans-planned-group-visits-to-saddam-hussein-s-grave.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein_
