### [2003-12-21](/news/2003/12/21/index.md)

#  Retired Gen. Wesley Clark presented 4,000 petition signatures to qualify for South Carolina's Democratic presidential primary ballot today. He's the second of the nine candidates for the Democratic nomination to file for the February 3 ballot. Campaign workers for Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts gave the state Democratic Party a check for $2,500 last week to qualify.




### Related:

1. [ Mini-Tuesday: Five states hold primaries and two states hold caucuses for the Democratic presidential nomination. U.S. Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts wins primary elections in Arizona, Delaware, New Mexico, Missouri and North Dakota, which a best result is 51 percent in Missouri. Senator John Edwards of North Carolina wins in South Carolina. Retired U.S. Army General Wesley Clark narrowly wins in Oklahoma. Former Vermont Governor Howard Dean, who opted to focus on the Michigan and Washington primaries the following Saturday, polls poorly in all these primaries, with a best result is third with 18% in New Mexico. For the first time, Kerry obtains a majority of elected delegates to the 2004 Democratic National Convention, with 244 delegates to Dean's 121, Edwards' 102 and Clark's 79. Senator Joseph Lieberman of Connecticut, having earlier announced "Joementum", comes in second in Delaware and announces his withdrawal from the race.](/news/2004/02/3/mini-tuesday-five-states-hold-primaries-and-two-states-hold-caucuses-for-the-democratic-presidential-nomination-u-s-senator-john-kerry-o.md) _Context: John Kerry, Massachusetts, South Carolina, Wesley Clark_
2. [ 2004 Democratic presidential primaries: John Kerry wins the Democratic caucus in Maine with 45 percent of the vote. Howard Dean comes in second place with 27 percent, with Dennis Kucinich (16 percent), John Edwards (8 percent), and Wesley Clark (4 percent) trailing.](/news/2004/02/8/2004-democratic-presidential-primaries-john-kerry-wins-the-democratic-caucus-in-maine-with-45-percent-of-the-vote-howard-dean-comes-in-se.md) _Context: Democratic, John Kerry, Wesley Clark_
3. [Voters in South Carolina go to the polls for the Democratic Party primary. Hillary Clinton won. ](/news/2016/02/27/voters-in-south-carolina-go-to-the-polls-for-the-democratic-party-primary-hillary-clinton-won.md) _Context: Democratic, South Carolina_
4. [Democrat Ed Markey defeats Republican Gabriel E. Gomez in a Massachusetts special election to elect a senator to finish John Kerry's term. Kerry resigned in February to become Secretary of State.](/news/2013/06/25/democrat-ed-markey-defeats-republican-gabriel-e-gomez-in-a-massachusetts-special-election-to-elect-a-senator-to-finish-john-kerry-s-term-k.md) _Context: Democratic, John Kerry_
5. [U.S. Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts claims the government of Sudan{{spaced ndash}}which has been subject to U.S. sanctions since 1997{{spaced ndash}}has assured him it will hold a referendum on independence for the south. ](/news/2010/10/25/u-s-senator-john-kerry-of-massachusetts-claims-the-government-of-sudan-spaced-ndash-which-has-been-subject-to-u-s-sanctions-since-1997.md) _Context: John Kerry, Massachusetts_
6. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Illinois Senator Barack Obama wins the South Carolina Democratic primary. ](/news/2008/01/26/united-states-presidential-election-2008-illinois-senator-barack-obama-wins-the-south-carolina-democratic-primary.md) _Context: Democratic, South Carolina_
7. [ Voters in Nevada and South Carolina go to the polls to determine presidential nominations for the Republican and Democratic parties. Former Governor of Massachusetts Mitt Romney wins the Nevada Republican caucus. ](/news/2008/01/19/voters-in-nevada-and-south-carolina-go-to-the-polls-to-determine-presidential-nominations-for-the-republican-and-democratic-parties-former.md) _Context: Democratic, South Carolina_
8. [ John Kerry wins the Super Tuesday primaries in California, Connecticut, Georgia, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, Ohio, and Rhode Island and caucus in Minnesota, effectively clinching the nomination. Howard Dean wins in his home state of Vermont even though he is no longer actively campaigning. John Edwards is reported to be withdrawing from the race three hours before polls close in California and just as the caucuses begin in Minnesota.](/news/2004/03/2/john-kerry-wins-the-super-tuesday-primaries-in-california-connecticut-georgia-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-ohio-and-rhode-island.md) _Context: John Kerry, Massachusetts_
9. [ The White House reserves judgement on the Federal Marriage Amendment, a proposed constitutional amendment to define marriage as a "union of a man and a woman", until Massachusetts legislature and San Francisco courts take further action. Media reports speculate that the White House will probably also keep their opinion quiet until Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry takes a stand on the issue. ](/news/2004/02/19/the-white-house-reserves-judgement-on-the-federal-marriage-amendment-a-proposed-constitutional-amendment-to-define-marriage-as-a-union-of.md) _Context: John Kerry, Massachusetts_
10. [ Retired United States Army General Wesley Clark announces that he is seeking the nomination of the Democratic Party for the 2004 presidential election, making him the tenth candidate to enter the race. Howard Dean had earlier expressed hopes that Clark would join him as a vice-presidential running mate.](/news/2003/09/17/retired-united-states-army-general-wesley-clark-announces-that-he-is-seeking-the-nomination-of-the-democratic-party-for-the-2004-presidenti.md) _Context: Democratic, Wesley Clark_
