### [2003-12-21](/news/2003/12/21/index.md)

#  "The American Soldier" is named as ''TIME'' magazine's "Person of the Year". The periodical's editors chose the anonymous soldier to represent the 1.4 million men and women serving in the United States Armed Forces. 




### Related:

1. [The United States-backed Syrian Democratic Forces launch an operation to capture Raqqa, ISIL's ''de facto'' Syrian capital. ](/news/2017/06/6/the-united-states-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-launch-an-operation-to-capture-raqqa-isil-s-de-facto-syrian-capital.md) _Context: United States_
2. [ISIL supporter, Terrence J. McNeil, of Akron, Ohio, pleads guilty to five counts of soliciting to commit criminal violence and communicating interstate threats in calls to kill U.S. military personnel.  He is scheduled to be sentenced in August and faces up to 20 years in prison.](/news/2017/04/20/isil-supporter-terrence-j-mcneil-of-akron-ohio-pleads-guilty-to-five-counts-of-soliciting-to-commit-criminal-violence-and-communicating.md) _Context: United States_
3. [The Trump administration plans to increase the budget of the United States Armed Forces by more than 9%. ](/news/2017/02/28/the-trump-administration-plans-to-increase-the-budget-of-the-united-states-armed-forces-by-more-than-9.md) _Context: United States_
4. [3,000 U.S. troops are deployed in Poland as part of NATO's Operation Atlantic Resolve.  Poland says that the deployment is a necessary response to Russian military exercises near its border and its intervention in Ukraine while Russia condemns the move as a "threat to national interests and security". ](/news/2017/01/12/3-000-u-s-troops-are-deployed-in-poland-as-part-of-nato-s-operation-atlantic-resolve-poland-says-that-the-deployment-is-a-necessary-respo.md) _Context: United States_
5. [The U.S. military launches Tomahawk cruise missiles from the USS ''Nitze'' against Houthi-controlled radar sites in Yemen following two incidents in which, according to U.S. military, missiles were fired on United States Navy vessels in the Red Sea. ](/news/2016/10/13/the-u-s-military-launches-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-from-the-uss-nitze-against-houthi-controlled-radar-sites-in-yemen-following-two-inci.md) _Context: United States_
6. [The Obama administration agrees to have the United States Armed Forces assist Japan on conducting joint patrols in the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/09/16/the-obama-administration-agrees-to-have-the-united-states-armed-forces-assist-japan-on-conducting-joint-patrols-in-the-south-china-sea.md) _Context: United States_
7. [ The United States military says it will shortly return 4,000 hectares  of its Okinawa military installation, 17 percent of the area it controls, to the Japanese government. ](/news/2016/07/29/the-united-states-military-says-it-will-shortly-return-4-000-hectares-of-its-okinawa-military-installation-17-percent-of-the-area-it-cont.md) _Context: United States_
8. [The United States deploys more than three dozen soldiers to Juba, South Sudan, to protect the U.S. embassy and help evacuate non-essential embassy staff due to local clashes.  ](/news/2016/07/13/the-united-states-deploys-more-than-three-dozen-soldiers-to-juba-south-sudan-to-protect-the-u-s-embassy-and-help-evacuate-non-essential-e.md) _Context: United States_
9. [The United States announces it will be sending 560 more United States Armed Forces soldiers to Iraq to help fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/07/11/the-united-states-announces-it-will-be-sending-560-more-united-states-armed-forces-soldiers-to-iraq-to-help-fight-against-isil.md) _Context: United States_
10. [The U.S. military restricts off-base alcohol consumption in Okinawa until July 24 after the arrest of a former Marine suspected of murder. ](/news/2016/05/28/the-u-s-military-restricts-off-base-alcohol-consumption-in-okinawa-until-july-24-after-the-arrest-of-a-former-marine-suspected-of-murder.md) _Context: United States_
