### [2016-09-13](/news/2016/09/13/index.md)

# Syria reports its air defense shot down an Israeli warplane that attacked a Syrian army position in  al-Quneitra, near the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights. The Israel Defense Forces say that missiles were fired at their aircraft but none hit. 

Israel said its aircraft attacked a Syrian army position on Tuesday after a stray mortar bomb struck the Israeli-controlled Golan Heights, and it denied a Syrian statement that a warplane and drone were shot down.


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo! News](https://www.yahoo.com/news/syria-ceasefire-takes-effect-under-us-russia-deal-160557425.html)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/09/13/middleeast/syria-israel-warplane-denial/)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-israel-syria-idUSKCN11J0EY)

### Related:

1. [Israel's military attacks two Syrian Army targets in Syrian territory from the Golan Heights after a fire from the fighting damages a security fence on the border. ](/news/2016/07/4/israel-s-military-attacks-two-syrian-army-targets-in-syrian-territory-from-the-golan-heights-after-a-fire-from-the-fighting-damages-a-securi.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel Defense Forces, Israel-Syria relations, Syrian Civil War_
2. [The Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu vows that the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights, recognized as part of Syria, will forever stay in the country's hands and called on the international community to recognize Israeli sovereignty over the area. ](/news/2016/04/17/the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-vows-that-the-israeli-occupied-golan-heights-recognized-as-part-of-syria-will-forever-stay.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel, Israel-Syria relations, Syria_
3. [Syrian civil war:Israel and Syria exchange gunfire on the Golan Heights. ](/news/2013/05/21/syrian-civil-war-pisrael-and-syria-exchange-gunfire-on-the-golan-heights.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a large explosion near Damascus International Airport followed by a fire. The Syrian government says Israel struck the military site with several missiles. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz states that the strike "corresponds completely with Israel's policy". ](/news/2017/04/27/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-large-explosion-near-damascus-international-airport-followed-by-a-fire-the-syrian-governm.md) _Context: Israel, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-national-defence-force.md) _Context: Israel, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Israel says an Arab-Israeli man who served in the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) has joined Islamic State militants in Syria. ](/news/2015/12/13/israel-says-an-arab-israeli-man-who-served-in-the-israel-defense-forces-idf-has-joined-islamic-state-militants-in-syria.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Syria_
7. [Israeli security forces claim that Hezbollah and forces loyal to the President of Syria Bashar al-Assad are responsible for firing rockets from Syrian territory onto the Golan Heights into the mount Hermon sky resort. ](/news/2015/01/27/israeli-security-forces-claim-that-hezbollah-and-forces-loyal-to-the-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-are-responsible-for-firing-rockets-f.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel, Syria_
8. [A 15-year-old Israeli boy is killed and three Israelis wounded when their truck is hit by an unknown weapon in the Golan heights near the Quneitra border crossing; Israeli Defense Forces fire at Syrian government targets in response. ](/news/2014/06/22/a-15-year-old-israeli-boy-is-killed-and-three-israelis-wounded-when-their-truck-is-hit-by-an-unknown-weapon-in-the-golan-heights-near-the-qu.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Syrian Civil War, al-Quneitra_
9. [Syrian civil war:Israeli aircraft carry out a strike near the Syrian coastal city of Latakia targeting Russian-made S-125 air defense missiles allegedly intended for use by the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah. ](/news/2013/11/1/syrian-civil-war-pisraeli-aircraft-carry-out-a-strike-near-the-syrian-coastal-city-of-latakia-targeting-russian-made-s-125-air-defense-missi.md) _Context: Israel, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian civil war:Four Filipino UN peacekeepers are kidnapped by armed men while patrolling the demilitarized area between Syria and the Israeli-annexed Golan Heights. ](/news/2013/05/7/syrian-civil-war-pfour-filipino-un-peacekeepers-are-kidnapped-by-armed-men-while-patrolling-the-demilitarized-area-between-syria-and-the-isr.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel, Syrian Civil War_
