### [2016-09-13](/news/2016/09/13/index.md)

# Syria reports its air defense shot down an Israeli warplane that attacked a Syrian army position in al-Quneitra, near the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights. The Israel Defense Forces say that missiles were fired at their aircraft but none hit. 

Israel said its aircraft attacked a Syrian army position on Tuesday after a stray mortar bomb struck the Israeli-controlled Golan Heights, and it denied a Syrian statement that a warplane and drone were shot down.


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo! News](https://www.yahoo.com/news/syria-ceasefire-takes-effect-under-us-russia-deal-160557425.html)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/09/13/middleeast/syria-israel-warplane-denial/)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-israel-syria-idUSKCN11J0EY)
3. [Cover Image](http://s1.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20160913&t=2&i=1153319662&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXNPEC8C06A)

### Related:

1. [Israel's military attacks two Syrian Army targets in Syrian territory from the Golan Heights after a fire from the fighting damages a security fence on the border. ](/news/2016/07/4/israel-s-military-attacks-two-syrian-army-targets-in-syrian-territory-from-the-golan-heights-after-a-fire-from-the-fighting-damages-a-securi.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel Defense Forces, Israel-Syria relations, Syrian Civil War_
2. [The Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu vows that the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights, recognized as part of Syria, will forever stay in the country's hands and called on the international community to recognize Israeli sovereignty over the area. ](/news/2016/04/17/the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-vows-that-the-israeli-occupied-golan-heights-recognized-as-part-of-syria-will-forever-stay.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel, Israel-Syria relations, Syria_
3. [Israel strikes two Syrian Army artillery positions and an ammunition truck in Quneitra Governorate, after stray shells from Syria land in the northern Golan Heights for a second day in a row. ](/news/2017/06/25/israel-strikes-two-syrian-army-artillery-positions-and-an-ammunition-truck-in-quneitra-governorate-after-stray-shells-from-syria-land-in-th.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel, Syria_
4. [Israel and Syria exchange weapons fire in the disputed Golan Heights, with Israel destroying several targets, including two Syrian tanks. Although there were deaths on the ground in Syria, the number of casualties among Syrian forces is unknown. No Israeli troops were injured. ](/news/2017/06/24/israel-and-syria-exchange-weapons-fire-in-the-disputed-golan-heights-with-israel-destroying-several-targets-including-two-syrian-tanks-al.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel, Syria_
5. [Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated. Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterday-the-united-stat.md) _Context: Israel, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a large explosion near Damascus International Airport followed by a fire. The Syrian government says Israel struck the military site with several missiles. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz states that the strike "corresponds completely with Israel's policy". ](/news/2017/04/27/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-large-explosion-near-damascus-international-airport-followed-by-a-fire-the-syrian-governm.md) _Context: Israel, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-national-defence-force.md) _Context: Israel, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Israel says an Arab-Israeli man who served in the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) has joined Islamic State militants in Syria. ](/news/2015/12/13/israel-says-an-arab-israeli-man-who-served-in-the-israel-defense-forces-idf-has-joined-islamic-state-militants-in-syria.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces, Syria_
9. [Israeli security forces claim that Hezbollah and forces loyal to the President of Syria Bashar al-Assad are responsible for firing rockets from Syrian territory onto the Golan Heights into the mount Hermon sky resort. ](/news/2015/01/27/israeli-security-forces-claim-that-hezbollah-and-forces-loyal-to-the-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-are-responsible-for-firing-rockets-f.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel, Syria_
10. [A 15-year-old Israeli boy is killed and three Israelis wounded when their truck is hit by an unknown weapon in the Golan heights near the Quneitra border crossing; Israeli Defense Forces fire at Syrian government targets in response. ](/news/2014/06/22/a-15-year-old-israeli-boy-is-killed-and-three-israelis-wounded-when-their-truck-is-hit-by-an-unknown-weapon-in-the-golan-heights-near-the-qu.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Syrian Civil War, al-Quneitra_
