### [2010-07-21](/news/2010/07/21/index.md)

# Austria's Leopold Museum agrees to pay $19 million to the estate of Jewish art dealer Egon Schiele's for ''Portrait of Wally'', stolen from her by Nazism in World War II. 

A 12-year dispute has ended with an agreement that a 1912 oil painting will be returned to a Vienna museum and displayed with an acknowledgement that it was stolen from a Jewish art dealer by a Nazi agent.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/entertainment-arts-10709321)
2. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/07/20/AR2010072005960.html?hpid=entnews)
3. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/culture/art/7901812/Museum-pays-19m-to-settle-case-over-painting-stolen-by-Nazi-agent.html)

### Related:

1. [The Institute of Contemporary History in Munich announces a publication of a two-volume set of Adolf Hitler's ''Mein Kampf''. The new edition, which contains 3,500 scholarly annotations, is intended, ''The New York Times'' reports, "To set the work in historical context, to show how Hitler wove truth with half-truth and outright lie, and thus to defang any propagandistic effect while revealing Nazism."  This is the first printing in Germany since the end of World War II. ](/news/2015/12/2/the-institute-of-contemporary-history-in-munich-announces-a-publication-of-a-two-volume-set-of-adolf-hitleras-mein-kampf-the-new-edit.md) _Context: Nazism, World War II_
2. [ Nazi Officer Ladislav Niznansky is acquitted of charges relating to three massacres of Slovaks during World War II. ](/news/2005/12/19/nazi-officer-ladislav-niznansky-is-acquitted-of-charges-relating-to-three-massacres-of-slovaks-during-world-war-ii.md) _Context: Nazism, World War II_
3. [ An Italian military tribunal in La Spezia has sentenced 10 German former Nazi officers ''in absentia'' to life imprisonment for their role in a World War II massacre of 560 civilians in the Tuscan village of Sant'Anna di Stazzema. ](/news/2005/06/22/an-italian-military-tribunal-in-la-spezia-has-sentenced-10-german-former-nazi-officers-in-absentia-to-life-imprisonment-for-their-role.md) _Context: Nazism, World War II_
4. [ John Gudenus of the Austrian Freedom Party causes controversy when he questions the existence of Nazi gas chambers and later leaves the party. ](/news/2005/04/27/john-gudenus-of-the-austrian-freedom-party-causes-controversy-when-he-questions-the-existence-of-nazi-gas-chambers-and-later-leaves-the-par.md) _Context: Austria, Nazism_
5. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Nazism_
6. [An avalanche kills four skiers in Tyrol, Austria. ](/news/2017/03/15/an-avalanche-kills-four-skiers-in-tyrol-austria.md) _Context: Austria_
7. [Stephen O'Brien, head of the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, reports that the world is experiencing its most severe humanitarian crisis since World War II, with over 20 million people suffering from severe lack of food security in Yemen, South Sudan, Somalia, and Northeast Nigeria. ](/news/2017/03/10/stephen-o-brien-head-of-the-united-nations-office-for-the-coordination-of-humanitarian-affairs-reports-that-the-world-is-experiencing-its.md) _Context: World War II_
8. [An Austrian court grants a United States request to extradite Ukrainian businessman Dmytro Firtash. U.S. officials accuse Firtash of being involved in a scandal where he allegedly paid US$18.5 million in bribes for a permit to mine titanium in India, something Firtash denies. ](/news/2017/02/21/an-austrian-court-grants-a-united-states-request-to-extradite-ukrainian-businessman-dmytro-firtash-u-s-officials-accuse-firtash-of-being-i.md) _Context: Austria_
9. [Over 70,000 people are evacuated from Thessaloniki, Greece, as authorities attempt to defuse a World War II-era unexploded ordnance, which was discovered last week. ](/news/2017/02/11/over-70-000-people-are-evacuated-from-thessaloniki-greece-as-authorities-attempt-to-defuse-a-world-war-ii-era-unexploded-ordnance-which-w.md) _Context: World War II_
10. [Austria agrees to ban the full-face veil (burqa and niqab) in public spaces,  part of a larger deal struck by the center-left Social Democratic Party  and the center-right Austrian People's Party to avoid the collapse of the ruling coalition government.  ](/news/2017/01/31/austria-agrees-to-ban-the-full-face-veil-burqa-and-niqab-in-public-spaces-part-of-a-larger-deal-struck-by-the-center-left-social-democr.md) _Context: Austria_
