### [2010-07-21](/news/2010/07/21/index.md)

# Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron gifts President of the United States Barack Obama a painting, ''Twenty First Century City'', by graffiti artist Ben Eine, while Obama gifts Cameron a signed lithograph, ''Column with Speed Lines'', by Edward Ruscha. 

A painting by a graffiti artist is among the official gifts to Barack Obama from David Cameron on his first trip to Washington as prime minister.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-10710074)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's ''Daily Telegraph'', urges Britons  to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to-keep-the-u-k-in-the-european-union-tomorrow-o.md) _Context: Barack Obama, David Cameron, President of the United States, Prime Minster_
2. [The President of the United States Barack Obama and the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron meet at the White House in Washington D.C. to discuss Afghanistan, Syria, the global economy and Iran. ](/news/2012/03/14/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-and-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-meet-at-the-white-house-in-washin.md) _Context: Barack Obama, David Cameron, President of the United States, Prime Minster_
3. [Barack Obama, the President of the United States, David Cameron, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and Nicolas Sarkozy, the President of France publish an op-ed in the ''International Herald Tribune'' outlining their strategy on the 2011 Libyan civil war. ](/news/2011/04/14/barack-obama-the-president-of-the-united-states-david-cameron-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-and-nicolas-sarkozy-the-president.md) _Context: Barack Obama, David Cameron, President of the United States, Prime Minster_
4. [Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron meets with US President Barack Obama to discuss the Gulf of Mexico oil spill, Afghanistan and the global economy. ](/news/2010/07/20/prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-meets-with-us-president-barack-obama-to-discuss-the-gulf-of-mexico-oil-spill-afghanistan.md) _Context: Barack Obama, David Cameron, President of the United States, Prime Minster_
5. [UK Prime Minister David Cameron and U.S. President Barack Obama discuss America's oil spill problem over a telephone call. ](/news/2010/06/12/uk-prime-minister-david-cameron-and-u-s-president-barack-obama-discuss-america-s-oil-spill-problem-over-a-telephone-call.md) _Context: Barack Obama, David Cameron, Prime Minster_
6. [ United States President Barack Obama and United Kingdom Prime Minister Gordon Brown meet at the White House. ](/news/2009/03/3/united-states-president-barack-obama-and-united-kingdom-prime-minister-gordon-brown-meet-at-the-white-house.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States, Prime Minster_
7. [British Prime Minister  Theresa May meets with U.S. President Donald Trump at the White House in Washington, D.C.. This is the first visit by a foreign leader since Trump's inauguration last Friday. ](/news/2017/01/27/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-meets-with-u-s-president-donald-trump-at-the-white-house-in-washington-d-c-this-is-the-first-visit-b.md) _Context: President of the United States, Prime Minster_
8. [The President of the United States Barack Obama commutes the bulk of the sentence for Chelsea Manning for leaking documents to WikiLeaks. Manning will now be released in 2017 instead of 2045. ](/news/2017/01/17/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-commutes-the-bulk-of-the-sentence-for-chelsea-manning-for-leaking-documents-to-wikileaks-ma.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States_
9. [President of the United States Barack Obama signs an order to ease sanctions against Sudan, citing the country's efforts to "reduce internal conflict, improve humanitarian access to people requiring aid and curtail terrorism". ](/news/2017/01/13/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-signs-an-order-to-ease-sanctions-against-sudan-citing-the-country-s-efforts-to-reduce-internal.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States_
10. [The President of the United States Barack Obama awards his Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom with Distinction, the only time the president  has awarded this particular honor during his tenure. ](/news/2017/01/12/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-awards-his-vice-president-joe-biden-the-presidential-medal-of-freedom-with-distinction-the.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President of the United States_
