### [2010-07-21](/news/2010/07/21/index.md)

# Prime Minister of Hungary Viktor Orban says his government would only talk about their 2011 budget with the European Union, not the International Monetary Fund. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/idUKTRE66K4L820100721?feedType=RSS&feedName=worldNews&utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+Reuters%2FUKWorldNews+%28News+%2F+UK+%2F+World+News%29)

### Related:

1. [Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban announces that the country will hold a referendum on October 2 where voters will get to choose whether or not to accept European Union-imposed quotas on the distribution of migrants. ](/news/2016/07/5/hungarian-prime-minister-viktor-orba-n-announces-that-the-country-will-hold-a-referendum-on-october-2-where-voters-will-get-to-choose-whethe.md) _Context: European Union, Viktor Orbán_
2. [Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-suggested-the-imf-may-threaten.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
3. [Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban meets with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow. Orban used the meeting to call for Russia's relations with the EU to "return to normal", saying "We all are interested in normalizing relationship between Russia and Europe" while Putin described Hungary as an "old and faithful partner". ](/news/2016/02/17/hungarian-prime-minister-viktor-orba-n-meets-with-russian-president-vladimir-putin-in-moscow-orba-n-used-the-meeting-to-call-for-russia-s-r.md) _Context: European Union, Viktor Orbán_
4. [Hungary's Defense Minister Csaba Hende resigns amid the refugee crisis. Prime Minister Viktor Orban immediately replaced Hende with a member of his Fidesz party, Istvan Simicsko. ](/news/2015/09/7/hungary-s-defense-minister-csaba-hende-resigns-amid-the-refugee-crisis-prime-minister-viktor-orba-n-immediately-replaced-hende-with-a-membe.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Viktor Orbán_
5. [Greek voters solidly reject (61.3 percent) the latest austerity proposal of the European Union, the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank. ](/news/2015/07/5/greek-voters-solidly-reject-61-3-percent-the-latest-austerity-proposal-of-the-european-union-the-international-monetary-fund-and-the-euro.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
6. [The Greek bailout program by the European Union ends today with Greece failing to make a payment to the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2015/06/30/the-greek-bailout-program-by-the-european-union-ends-today-with-greece-failing-to-make-a-payment-to-the-international-monetary-fund.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
7. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: President of Cyprus Nicos Anastasiades says the island has no intention of abandoning the euro, despite the tough conditions imposed by its 10 billion euro bailout deal with the European Union and International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2013/03/29/2012a2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-president-of-cyprus-nicos-anastasiades-says-the-island-has-no-intention-of-abandoning-the-euro-despit.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
8. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: Security tightens in Cyprus as banks prepare to reopen after nearly two weeks, following a controversial international bailout that was negotiated with the European Union and the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2013/03/28/2012a2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-security-tightens-in-cyprus-as-banks-prepare-to-reopen-after-nearly-two-weeks-following-a-controversi.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
9. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis:Cyprus reportedly reaches an outline bank bailout deal with international lenders including the European Union, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2013/03/25/2012a2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-pcyprus-reportedly-reaches-an-outline-bank-bailout-deal-with-international-lenders-including-the-europe.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
10. [A meeting of the leaders of the parties comprising the Greek Government breaks up without agreeing to cuts prescribed by the European Union, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2012/02/8/a-meeting-of-the-leaders-of-the-parties-comprising-the-greek-government-breaks-up-without-agreeing-to-cuts-prescribed-by-the-european-union.md) _Context: European Union, International Monetary Fund_
