### [2015-01-28](/news/2015/01/28/index.md)

# Following a January 18 airstrike against a Hezbollah convoy, Hezbollah targets an Israeli military convoy near the Lebanon border at the Shebaa farms area, killing two and wounding another seven. While the Israeli military responds with artillery fire upon several South Lebanon border villages and Shebaa Farms, Hezbollah responds with mortar shells. Cross fire fighting kills a Spanish UN peacekeeper in the town of Ghajar. 

Two Israeli soldiers and a Spanish UN peacekeeper are killed as Hezbollah militants trade fire with Israeli forces along the Lebanese border.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-31015862)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/01/28/world/mideast-golan/)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/01/28/mideast-israel-lebanon-un-idUSL6N0V72UB20150128)
3. [Cover Image](https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/80582000/jpg/_80582214_80582213.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ Hezbollah shells Israeli positions with mortars and rockets in the disputed Shebaa farms, wounding five soldiers and killing one, The Israeli military shelled areas around several villages in southern Lebanon and planes launched missiles. Israel intends to file a complaint against Lebanon and UNIFIL for failing to prevent aggression by Hezbollah.](/news/2005/06/29/hezbollah-shells-israeli-positions-with-mortars-and-rockets-in-the-disputed-shebaa-farms-wounding-five-soldiers-and-killing-one-the-israe.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanese, Shebaa farms, UN peacekeeper_
2. [Israeli security forces claim that Hezbollah and forces loyal to the President of Syria Bashar al-Assad are responsible for firing rockets from Syrian territory onto the Golan Heights into the mount Hermon sky resort. ](/news/2015/01/27/israeli-security-forces-claim-that-hezbollah-and-forces-loyal-to-the-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-are-responsible-for-firing-rockets-f.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israeli-Lebanese conflict, January 18 airstrike against a Hezbollah convoy_
3. [ The last Israeli troops leave Lebanon in accordance with UN Resolution 1701, two months after occupying the territory. UNIFIL officials, however, claim that they still occupy the border village of Ghajar. ](/news/2006/10/1/the-last-israeli-troops-leave-lebanon-in-accordance-with-un-resolution-1701-two-months-after-occupying-the-territory-unifil-officials-ho.md) _Context: Ghajar, Lebanese, UN peacekeeper_
4. [ Heavy exchanges of fire in the Israeli-Lebanese border. Hezbollah fired at least 9 mortar shells or Katyusha rockets on outposts in the disputed Shebaa Farms. The IDF retaliated by artillery fire and IAF aircraft bombed 3 Hezbollah positions. Israel maintains that Lebanon bears full responsibility for the border attacks, committed by Hezbollah and local Palestinian groups, while Hezbollah maintain that they are acting in retaliation for Israeli attacks on Lebanese territory including a hit on civilian houses in the village of Kfar Shouba. ](/news/2005/05/13/heavy-exchanges-of-fire-in-the-israeli-lebanese-border-hezbollah-fired-at-least-9-mortar-shells-or-katyusha-rockets-on-outposts-in-the-dis.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanese, Shebaa farms_
5. [ In an interview with the Financial Times, a Hezbollah leader announces that the group would be willing to discuss potential disarmament after Israel withdraws from the Shebaa Farms. Lebanon and Syria maintain that the Shebaa Farms are Lebanese territory, while the rest of the world community insists that the farms are part of the Golan Heights, thus part of Syrian territory occupied by Israel. [http:--news.ft.com-cms-s-b54a17a8-a781-11d9-9744-00000e2511c8.html (Financial Times)] [http:--www.haaretz.com-hasen-spages-562751.html (Haaretz)] (Link dead as of 22:29, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/04/8/in-an-interview-with-the-financial-times-a-hezbollah-leader-announces-that-the-group-would-be-willing-to-discuss-potential-disarmament-aft.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanese, Shebaa farms_

### Changes:

1. [Israeli-Lebanese conflict: Following a January 18 airstrike against a Hezbollah convoy, Hezbollah targets an Israeli military convoy near the Lebanon border at the Shebaa farms area, killing two and wounding another seven. While the Israeli military responds with artillery fire upon several South Lebanon border villages and Shebaa Farms, Hezbollah responds with mortar shells. Cross fire fighting kills a Spanish UN peacekeeper in the town of Ghajar. ](/news/2015/01/28/israeli-lebanese-conflict-following-a-january-18-airstrike-against-a-hezbollah-convoy-hezbollah-targets-an-israeli-military-convoy-near.md) _2017-08-27 03:41:51 (First version)_
1. [Following a January 18 airstrike against a Hezbollah convoy, Hezbollah targets an Israeli military convoy near the Lebanon border at the Shebaa farms area, killing two and wounding another seven. While the Israeli military responds with artillery fire upon several South Lebanon border villages and Shebaa Farms, Hezbollah responds with mortar shells. Cross fire fighting kills a Spanish UN peacekeeper in the town of Ghajar. ](/news/2015/01/28/following-a-january-18-airstrike-against-a-hezbollah-convoy-hezbollah-targets-an-israeli-military-convoy-near-the-lebanon-border-at-the-she.md) _(Current version)_
