### [2012-05-2](/news/2012/05/2/index.md)

# 2012 South Sudan-Sudan border conflict: The United Nations Security Council passes a resolution threatening sanctions if hostilities do not end within 48 hours. 

Security Council passes resolution that gives Sudan and South Sudan just 48 hours to halt hostilities or face sanctions.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/africa/2012/05/201252153527798597.html)

### Related:

1. [North Korea's official Korean Central News Agency reports the country's leader, Kim Jong-un, has approved deployment of the  Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile, and ordered mass production  of the system. The United Nations Security Council will hold a closed-door session Tuesday to discuss the test. ](/news/2017/05/22/north-koreaas-official-korean-central-news-agency-reports-the-country-s-leader-kim-jong-un-has-approved-deployment-of-the-pukguksong-2.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
2. [The United Nations Security Council extends the MINURSO mission for another year and attempts to restart Western Sahara peace process negotiations after both sides retracted their military from a standoff position in Guerguerat, near the border with Mauritania. ](/news/2017/04/28/the-united-nations-security-council-extends-the-minurso-mission-for-another-year-and-attempts-to-restart-western-sahara-peace-process-negoti.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
3. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
4. [The United Nations Security Council unanimously votes in favor of the Russian and Turkey-backed ceasefire currently in effect in Syria. ](/news/2017/01/1/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-votes-in-favor-of-the-russian-and-turkey-backed-ceasefire-currently-in-effect-in-syria.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
5. [ United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334 The United States Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power abstains from voting in a 14-0 Security Council decision condemning Israeli settlement of the Palestinian territories. ](/news/2016/12/23/united-nations-security-council-resolution-2334-pthe-united-states-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-samantha-power-abstains-from-voting-in.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
6. [China opposes any new sanctions against North Korea during a meeting in the United Nations Security Council. ](/news/2016/12/10/china-opposes-any-new-sanctions-against-north-korea-during-a-meeting-in-the-united-nations-security-council.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
7. [The United Nations Security Council affirms the first step in the election of Portuguese Antonio Guterres as the next Secretary-General of the United Nations. If ratified by the General Assembly, he will take office on January 1, 2017. ](/news/2016/10/5/the-united-nations-security-council-affirms-the-first-step-in-the-election-of-portuguese-anta3nio-guterres-as-the-next-secretary-general-of.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
8. [France seeks United States and Russian support for a Security Council resolution to impose a new truce that will allow aid into Aleppo, which has experienced two weeks of heavy Syrian and Russian bombing of rebel-held areas. ](/news/2016/10/5/france-seeks-united-states-and-russian-support-for-a-security-council-resolution-to-impose-a-new-truce-that-will-allow-aid-into-aleppo-whic.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
9. [The United States, United Kingdom, and France seek a meeting of the United Nations Security Council to discuss the declining security situation in Aleppo. ](/news/2016/09/25/the-united-states-united-kingdom-and-france-seek-a-meeting-of-the-united-nations-security-council-to-discuss-the-declining-security-situat.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
10. [The  report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end  settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on  Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
