### [2012-05-2](/news/2012/05/2/index.md)

# Papiss Cisse fires two goals past UEFA Champions League finalists Chelsea to keep Newcastle United firmly in contention for a place in the Premier League's top four which would require Chelsea to defeat Bayern Munich in the final to qualify for next season. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/football/17836021)

### Related:

1. [Roberto Di Matteo is sacked by Chelsea F.C. after a 2012-13 UEFA Champions League defeat 0-3 to Juventus F.C. left them in danger of becoming the first title holders to exit the competition in the group stage. Di Matteo managed Chelsea to their first ever Champions League title in Munich last May. Rafael Benitez appointed Chelsea interim manager until end of season. ](/news/2012/11/21/roberto-di-matteo-is-sacked-by-chelsea-f-c-after-a-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-defeat-0-3-to-juventus-f-c-left-them-in-danger-of-becom.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Champions League, Chelsea F.C., UEFA Champions League, last May_
2. [Association football:The final of the 2011-12 UEFA Champions League occurs in Munich, with Chelsea defeating Bayern Munich in a penalty shoot out after extra time, winning the competition for the first time in the club's history. ](/news/2012/05/19/association-football-pthe-final-of-the-2011a12-uefa-champions-league-occurs-in-munich-with-chelsea-defeating-bayern-munich-in-a-penalty-s.md) _Context: Chelsea F.C., FC Bayern Munich, last May_
3. [Following a 2-2 draw between Chelsea F.C. and Tottenham Hotspur F.C. at Stamford Bridge, Leicester City F.C. are confirmed as champions of the Premier League for the first time in their history. Leicester City were 5000-1 outsiders at the beginning of the season. ](/news/2016/05/2/following-a-2-2-draw-between-chelsea-f-c-and-tottenham-hotspur-f-c-at-stamford-bridge-leicester-city-f-c-are-confirmed-as-champions-of-t.md) _Context: Chelsea F.C., English Premier League_
4. [In association football, Newcastle United fine their manager Alan Pardew nearly PS100,000 for headbutting David Meyler on the opposing Hull City during a Premier League match yesterday. ](/news/2014/03/2/in-association-football-newcastle-united-fine-their-manager-alan-pardew-nearly-aps100-000-for-headbutting-david-meyler-on-the-opposing-hull.md) _Context: English Premier League, Newcastle United F.C._
5. [In the 2012-13 UEFA Champions League quarter-finals, Paris Saint-Germain secures a 2-2 draw against Barcelona while Bayern Munich beats Juventus 2-0. ](/news/2013/04/2/in-the-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-quarter-finals-paris-saint-germain-secures-a-2a2-draw-against-barcelona-while-bayern-munich-beats.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Champions League, FC Bayern Munich_
6. [The draw for the semi-finals of the 2012-13 UEFA Champions League is held in Nyon, Switzerland. Bayern Munich will play Barcelona while Borussia Dortmund will face Real Madrid. ](/news/2013/04/12/the-draw-for-the-semi-finals-of-the-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-is-held-in-nyon-switzerland-bayern-munich-will-play-barcelona-while-bo.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Champions League, FC Bayern Munich_
7. [Spain's Barcelona and Germany's Bayern Munich reach 2012-13 UEFA Champions League semi-finals defeating Paris Saint-Germain and Juventus respectively. ](/news/2013/04/10/spain-s-barcelona-and-germany-s-bayern-munich-reach-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-semi-finals-defeating-paris-saint-germain-and-juventus-r.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Champions League, FC Bayern Munich_
8. [Real Madrid defeat Manchester United by a 2-1 scoreline (3-2 on aggregate) in the second leg of their 2012-13 UEFA Champions League last 16 tie. With the Premier League club leading 1-0, Nani's controversial second half sending off provides the game's main turning point, and Cristiano Ronaldo ultimately scores the winning goal on his first return to Old Trafford since leaving in the summer of 2009. ](/news/2013/03/5/real-madrid-defeat-manchester-united-by-a-2a1-scoreline-3a2-on-aggregate-in-the-second-leg-of-their-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-la.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Champions League, English Premier League_
9. [Germany's Bayern Munich and Spain's Malaga reach 2012-13 UEFA Champions League quarter-finals defeating Arsenal and Porto on aggregate respectively. ](/news/2013/03/13/germany-s-bayern-munich-and-spain-s-ma-laga-reach-2012a13-uefa-champions-league-quarter-finals-defeating-arsenal-and-porto-on-aggregate-re.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Champions League, FC Bayern Munich_
10. [2012-13 UEFA Champions League:FC Bayern Munich puts themselves in a strong position to reach the quarterfinals with a 3-1 away victory at Arsenal F.C. in London, England. ](/news/2013/02/19/2012a13-uefa-champions-league-pfc-bayern-munich-puts-themselves-in-a-strong-position-to-reach-the-quarterfinals-with-a-3a1-away-victory.md) _Context: 2012–13 UEFA Champions League, FC Bayern Munich_
