### [2012-05-2](/news/2012/05/2/index.md)

# Presidential candidates Nicolas Sarkozy and Francois Hollande go head-to-head in a televised debate in France. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-17921348)

### Related:

1. [French regional elections, 2015. With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country-s 13 regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/french-regional-elections-2015-with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-wi.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande, Nicolas Sarkozy_
2. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande, Nicolas Sarkozy_
3. [Voters in France go to the polls for the first round of the French presidential election with Francois Hollande of the French Socialist Party and incumbent President Nicolas Sarkozy through to the second round. ](/news/2012/04/22/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-round-of-the-french-presidential-election-with-franassois-hollande-of-the-french-socialist-par.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande, Nicolas Sarkozy_
4. [French presidential election, 2017. Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy resigns as leader of The Republicans party and announces his candidacy for President again. ](/news/2016/07/3/french-presidential-election-2017-former-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-resigns-as-leader-of-the-republicans-party-and-announces-his-can.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy_
5. [France-Russia relations. International sanctions during the Ukrainian crisis. France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-russia-relations-international-sanctions-during-the-ukrainian-crisis-france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-reso.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy_
6. [November 2015 Paris attacks. Christiane Taubira, differing with President Francois Hollande concerning pending terrorist/citizenship legislation, resigns as the Minister of Justice in France. ](/news/2016/01/27/november-2015-paris-attacks-christiane-taubira-differing-with-president-franassois-hollande-concerning-pending-terrorist-citizenship-legisl.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande_
7. [A newly released ISIS video threatens attacks on the White House in the U.S., monuments in France, U.S. President Obama, French President Francois Hollande, and targets in Italy. ](/news/2015/11/20/a-newly-released-isis-video-threatens-attacks-on-the-white-house-in-the-u-s-monuments-in-france-u-s-president-obama-french-president-fr.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande_
8. [French President Francois Hollande promises to investigate claims that French Army soldiers were involved in sexual child abuse in the Central African Republic. ](/news/2015/05/1/french-president-franassois-hollande-promises-to-investigate-claims-that-french-army-soldiers-were-involved-in-sexual-child-abuse-in-the-cent.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande_
9. [French departmental elections, 2015. Voters in France go to the polls for local government elections with initial polling suggesting favorable results for former President Nicolas Sarkozy's UMP. ](/news/2015/03/29/french-departmental-elections-2015-voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-local-government-elections-with-initial-polling-suggesting-favorab.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy_
10. [French actresses Marion Cotillard and Melanie Laurent, and French President Francois Hollande begin their two-day state visit to the Philippines, where they are to discuss climate change. ](/news/2015/02/26/french-actresses-marion-cotillard-and-ma-c-lanie-laurent-and-french-president-franassois-hollande-begin-their-two-day-state-visit-to-the-phili.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande_
