### [2012-05-2](/news/2012/05/2/index.md)

# The News Corporation board expresses its "full confidence" in Rupert Murdoch following a UK government media committee's conclusion yesterday that Murdoch is "not a fit person" to run a major international business. 

The News Corporation board says it has &quot;full confidence&quot; in Rupert Murdoch following a highly critical UK parliamentary committee report.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-17932195)

### Related:

1. [Leveson Inquiry:Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair tells the Leveson Inquiry he had a "working relationship" with News Corporation chairman Rupert Murdoch, but that Murdoch did not influence policy during his time in office. ](/news/2012/05/28/leveson-inquiry-pformer-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-he-had-a-working-relationship-with-news-corporation-ch.md) _Context: News Corporation, Rupert Murdoch_
2. [News Corporation scandal:Tony Blair's former Director of Communications, Alastair Campbell, tells the Leveson Inquiry that there was no "express deal" between Blair and News Corporation CEO Rupert Murdoch in the run-up to the 1997 UK general election. ](/news/2012/05/14/news-corporation-scandal-ptony-blair-s-former-director-of-communications-alastair-campbell-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-that-there-was-no-ex.md) _Context: News Corporation, Rupert Murdoch_
3. [News International phone hacking scandal: The House of Commons Culture, Media and Sport Committee publishes its report into phone hacking at the ''News of the World''. The committee concludes that Rupert Murdoch "is not a fit person" to run a major international company and exhibited "wilful blindness" to phone-hacking and other practices going on in his media empire. The report also accuses three News Corporation executives of giving misleading evidence. ](/news/2012/05/1/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-the-house-of-commons-culture-media-and-sport-committee-publishes-its-report-into-phone-hacking-at.md) _Context: News Corporation, Rupert Murdoch_
4. [News International phone hacking scandal:Adam Smith, a special adviser to Jeremy Hunt, the United Kingdom Secretary of State for Culture, Olympics, Media and Sport, resigns over his role in Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation's attempt to take over satellite broadcaster BSkyB. ](/news/2012/04/25/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-padam-smith-a-special-adviser-to-jeremy-hunt-the-united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-culture-o.md) _Context: News Corporation, Rupert Murdoch_
5. [Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation launches the ''The Sun on Sunday'' to replace the ''News of the World'', which closed due to a phone hacking controversy. ](/news/2012/02/26/rupert-murdoch-s-news-corporation-launches-the-the-sun-on-sunday-to-replace-the-news-of-the-world-which-closed-due-to-a-phone-hacki.md) _Context: News Corporation, Rupert Murdoch_
6. [News Corporation affairNews Corporation Chief Executive Rupert Murdoch and his son James Murdoch appear before a select committee of the United Kingdom parliament over the ''News of the World'' phone hacking affair. Murdoch Senior apologises for the scandal, but says he is not responsible for it. ](/news/2011/07/19/news-corporation-affairpnews-corporation-chief-executive-rupert-murdoch-and-his-son-james-murdoch-appear-before-a-select-committee-of-the-un.md) _Context: News Corporation, Rupert Murdoch_
7. [News of the World phone hacking scandal:News Corporation chairman Rupert Murdoch, his son James, and News International chief executive Rebekah Brooks all agree to appear before British MPs next week to answer questions on the News of the World phone hacking affair. ](/news/2011/07/14/news-of-the-world-phone-hacking-scandal-pnews-corporation-chairman-rupert-murdoch-his-son-james-and-news-international-chief-executive-reb.md) _Context: News Corporation, Rupert Murdoch_
8. [U.S. senators call for a legal investigation into allegations that Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation hacked victims of the September 11 attacks as the phone hacking scandal continues. ](/news/2011/07/13/u-s-senators-call-for-a-legal-investigation-into-allegations-that-rupert-murdoch-s-news-corporation-hacked-victims-of-the-september-11-atta.md) _Context: News Corporation, Rupert Murdoch_
9. [David Cameron, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, makes a statement to the House of Commons in relation to the judicial inquiry into the ''News of the World'' phone hacking affair, hours before the announcement that Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation had withdrawn its bid to take full ownership of BSkyB. ](/news/2011/07/13/david-cameron-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-makes-a-statement-to-the-house-of-commons-in-relation-to-the-judicial-inquiry-into.md) _Context: News Corporation, Rupert Murdoch_
10. [Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation agrees to sell Sky News in order to be in a position to buy BSkyB without a Competition Commission inquiry. ](/news/2011/03/2/rupert-murdoch-s-news-corporation-agrees-to-sell-sky-news-in-order-to-be-in-a-position-to-buy-bskyb-without-a-competition-commission-inquiry.md) _Context: News Corporation, Rupert Murdoch_
