### [2007-11-16](/news/2007/11/16/index.md)

#  2007 Pakistani state of emergency: United States Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte speaks with former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto on the phone and tells her that "moderate forces" should work together to bring the country back to democracy. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7097611.stm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7098162.stm)
3. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7099122.stm)
4. [China Daily](http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/world/2007-11/16/content_6260363.htm)

### Related:

1. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Pakistani Attorney General Malik Qayyum announces the Supreme Court of Pakistan has dismissed five of the six petitions against President Pervez Musharraf's re-election. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7101302.stm (BBC)] At least 80 people die and 100 are wounded in sectarian violence in Kurram Agency. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7101533.stm (BBC)] Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf rejects United States Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte's demand to lift the state of emergency.date=December 2007](/news/2007/11/19/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-p-pakistani-attorney-general-malik-qayyum-announces-the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-has-dismissed-five-of-t.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, John Negroponte, US Deputy Secretary of State, United States_
2. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Hina Jilani leads a protest in London to ask for the release of all political prisoners and to vocalize the call for President Pervez Musharraf's resignation. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/7100762.stm (BBC)] United States Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte says President Pervez Musharraf should lift the state of emergency and free political opponents. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7100322.stm (BBC)] One person dies in a bomb explosion on a railway track near Peshawar targeted at a passenger train.date=December 2007](/news/2007/11/18/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-p-hina-jilani-leads-a-protest-in-london-to-ask-for-the-release-of-all-political-prisoners-and-to-vocalize.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, John Negroponte, US Deputy Secretary of State, United States_
3. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Former Prime Minister of Pakistan Benazir Bhutto returns to Karachi after release from house arrest in Lahore.date=December 2007 TV networks Geo TV and ARY Digital are shut down by the Pakistan government. ](/news/2007/11/17/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-p-former-prime-minister-of-pakistan-benazir-bhutto-returns-to-karachi-after-release-from-house-arrest-in.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Benazir Bhutto, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
4. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred  Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Pakistan, United States_
5. [A Pakistani court indicts former President Pervez Musharraf for his alleged involvement in the 2007 assassination of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto. ](/news/2013/08/20/a-pakistani-court-indicts-former-president-pervez-musharraf-for-his-alleged-involvement-in-the-2007-assassination-of-former-prime-minister-b.md) _Context: Benazir Bhutto, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
6. [Bilawal Bhutto Zardari, the son of Pakistan's murdered ex-Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto, promises to fight militancy and maintain democracy, in his first major political speech marking five years since his mother's death. ](/news/2012/12/27/bilawal-bhutto-zardari-the-son-of-pakistan-s-murdered-ex-prime-minister-benazir-bhutto-promises-to-fight-militancy-and-maintain-democracy.md) _Context: Benazir Bhutto, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
7. [A Pakistan anti-terror court indicts two police officers and five alleged members of the Taliban for the murder of former Prime Minister of Pakistan Benazir Bhutto. ](/news/2011/11/5/a-pakistan-anti-terror-court-indicts-two-police-officers-and-five-alleged-members-of-the-taliban-for-the-murder-of-former-prime-minister-of.md) _Context: Benazir Bhutto, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
8. [The Prime Minister of Pakistan Yusuf Raza Gilani warns the United States that it will defend its air space from incursions following the raid on Osama bin Laden's compound and denies collaborating with al-Qaeda. ](/news/2011/05/9/the-prime-minister-of-pakistan-yusuf-raza-gilani-warns-the-united-states-that-it-will-defend-its-air-space-from-incursions-following-the-rai.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Pakistan, United States_
9. [ Scotland Yard detectives investigating the death of former Prime Minister of Pakistan Benazir Bhutto say that she died from the effect of a bomb blast not gunfire. ](/news/2008/02/8/scotland-yard-detectives-investigating-the-death-of-former-prime-minister-of-pakistan-benazir-bhutto-say-that-she-died-from-the-effect-of-a.md) _Context: Benazir Bhutto, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
10. [ Gunmen attack a party office of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto in Karachi, Pakistan, killing three supporters. ](/news/2007/12/8/gunmen-attack-a-party-office-of-former-prime-minister-benazir-bhutto-in-karachi-pakistan-killing-three-supporters.md) _Context: Benazir Bhutto, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
