### [2007-11-16](/news/2007/11/16/index.md)

#  United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon holds talks with Lebanese political leaders, trying to break an impasse over the election of the next President. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/7098019.stm)

### Related:

1. [ United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon meets with African leaders to discuss resolutions to the ongoing Kivu conflict in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.  ](/news/2008/11/8/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-meets-with-african-leaders-to-discuss-resolutions-to-the-ongoing-kivu-conflict-in-the-democrat.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
2. [ United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says he is "immensely frustrated" at the State Peace and Development Council's slow response to the cyclone. ](/news/2008/05/12/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-he-is-immensely-frustrated-at-the-state-peace-and-development-council-s-slow-response-t.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
3. [ South Korean Ban Ki-moon is nominated to succeed Kofi Annan as the United Nations Secretary-General in an affirmation vote by the Security Council.  A confirmation vote by the General Assembly is expected within the next fortnight. ](/news/2006/10/9/south-korean-ban-ki-moon-is-nominated-to-succeed-kofi-annan-as-the-united-nations-secretary-general-in-an-affirmation-vote-by-the-security.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
4. [ Ban Ki-Moon is elected to be the eighth Secretary-General of the United Nations, to succeed Kofi Annan in January 2007.  ](/news/2006/10/13/ban-ki-moon-is-elected-to-be-the-eighth-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-to-succeed-kofi-annan-in-january-2007.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
5. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Lebanon, United Nations_
6. [Portugal's Antonio Guterres begins his term as United Nations Secretary-General, replacing South Korea's Ban Ki-moon. ](/news/2017/01/1/portugal-s-anta3nio-guterres-begins-his-term-as-united-nations-secretary-general-replacing-south-korea-s-ban-ki-moon.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, United Nations Secretary-General_
7. [United Nations secretary-general Ban Ki-moon and liberal candidate Moon Jae-in plan to contest the position vacated by Park Geun-hye. ](/news/2016/12/22/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-and-liberal-candidate-moon-jae-in-plan-to-contest-the-position-vacated-by-park-geun-hye.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, United Nations_
8. [In Lebanon, President Michel Suleiman asks Tammam Salam, a legislator and a former minister of culture, to head a new cabinet after a vast majority of the members of Parliament chose him for the job. ](/news/2013/04/6/in-lebanon-president-michel-suleiman-asks-tammam-salam-a-legislator-and-a-former-minister-of-culture-to-head-a-new-cabinet-after-a-vast-m.md) _Context: Lebanon, President of Lebanon_
9. [Syrian civil war:The United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says there is no prospect of an end to the conflict in Syria. ](/news/2012/12/20/syrian-civil-war-pthe-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-there-is-no-prospect-of-an-end-to-the-conflict-in-syria.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, United Nations_
10. [United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urges countries to bridge differences ahead of a deadline for a draft of a new global agreement to control international arms sales. Despite this, no agreement is reached. ](/news/2012/07/27/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-urges-countries-to-bridge-differences-ahead-of-a-deadline-for-a-draft-of-a-new-global-agreement.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, United Nations_
