### [2016-02-7](/news/2016/02/7/index.md)

# North Korea launches a long range rocket that critics claim is a test of banned technology for a long range missile that could hit the United States.  South Korea's military says the rocket released an object into orbit. 

min Park and Louis Charbonneau


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/latest-japan-tv-shows-missiles-ready-launch-36762575)
2. [AP via ''Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/asia_pacific/seoul-north-korea-fires-rocket-seen-as-covert-missile-test/2016/02/06/826e42ee-cd33-11e5-b9ab-26591104bb19_story.html?wpisrc=al_alert-COMBO-world%252Bnation)
3. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/02/06/asia/north-korea-rocket-launch-window/)
4. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/02/06/asia/north-korea-rocket-launch-window/index.html?eref=edition)
5. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-northkorea-satellite-idUSKCN0VG00H)
6. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2016/02/07/north-korea-missile/79963198/)
7. [Yonhap](http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/news/2016/02/07/0200000000AEN20160207001500315.html?input=www.tweeter.com)
8. [Yonhap](http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/news/2016/02/07/0200000000AEN20160207007100315.html)

### Related:

1. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea, United States_
2. [According to South Korean and United States officials, a missile test in North Korea ends in failure, with the missile exploding seconds after launch. ](/news/2017/03/22/according-to-south-korean-and-united-states-officials-a-missile-test-in-north-korea-ends-in-failure-with-the-missile-exploding-seconds-aft.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea, United States_
3. [American and South Korean military officials agree to deploy a U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defense system in the country to counter North Korea's growing threats and use of ballistic missile and nuclear tests. ](/news/2016/07/8/american-and-south-korean-military-officials-agree-to-deploy-a-u-s-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-thaad-missile-defense-system-in-th.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea, United States_
4. [Amid growing concern about North Korea's ballistic missile capability, South Korea, Japan and the U.S. are to hold their first ever joint anti-missile exercise next month, according to South Korea's Ministry of National Defense. The three countries will practice "detecting and tracing a hypothetical North Korean missile," said a ministry official. ](/news/2016/05/17/amid-growing-concern-about-north-korea-s-ballistic-missile-capability-south-korea-japan-and-the-u-s-are-to-hold-their-first-ever-joint-an.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea, United States_
5. [According to South Korea's Yonhap news agency, North Korea appears to be preparing a test-launch of an intermediate-range ballistic missile. This comes after what the United States described as the "fiery, catastrophic" failure of the first attempt a few days prior. ](/news/2016/04/26/according-to-south-korea-s-yonhap-news-agency-north-korea-appears-to-be-preparing-a-test-launch-of-an-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea, United States_
6. [North Korea threatens a pre-emptive nuclear strike against South Korea and the United States in response to the two nations' annual joint military exercise which Pyongyang considers is a pretext for an invasion. ](/news/2016/03/6/north-korea-threatens-a-pre-emptive-nuclear-strike-against-south-korea-and-the-united-states-in-response-to-the-two-nations-annual-joint-mi.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea, United States_
7. [ North Korea announces it is in the final stage of uranium enrichment, as Russia, South Korea, Japan and the United States express concern. ](/news/2009/09/4/north-korea-announces-it-is-in-the-final-stage-of-uranium-enrichment-as-russia-south-korea-japan-and-the-united-states-express-concern.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea, United States_
8. [North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-according-to-south-korea-the-missile-reportedly.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea_
9. [South Korea reports North Korea fired a Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile that flew 500 km before landing in the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/05/21/south-korea-reports-north-korea-fired-a-pukguksong-2-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-that-flew-500-km-before-landing-in-the-sea-of-japa.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea_
10. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korea_
