### [2016-02-7](/news/2016/02/7/index.md)

# Two people are killed and ten others are injured in a shooting outside an Orlando, Florida nightclub. 

8 people were shot inside an Orlando nightclub early Sunday morning. At least two did not survive. 


### Source:

1. [Click Orlando](http://www.clickorlando.com/news/8-shot-2-confirmed-dead-at-orlando-nightclub)

### Related:

1. [2016 Orlando nightclub shooting. City officials in Orlando, Florida, continue to identify the bodies of the victims in yesterday's attack. So far, 33 of the reported 49 victims have been identified and their families notified. ](/news/2016/06/13/2016-orlando-nightclub-shooting-city-officials-in-orlando-florida-continue-to-identify-the-bodies-of-the-victims-in-yesterday-s-attack-s.md) _Context: Orlando, Florida_
2. [2016 Orlando nightclub shooting. In what is the deadliest mass shooting and the worst terror attack since 9/11 to occur in the United States, a mass shooting at a gay nightclub in the U.S. city of Orlando, Florida, kills at least 50 people, including the shooter, and injures 53. ](/news/2016/06/12/2016-orlando-nightclub-shooting-in-what-is-the-deadliest-mass-shooting-and-the-worst-terror-attack-since-9-11-to-occur-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Orlando, Florida_
3. [American singer Christina Grimmie, best known for her appearances on "The Voice", dies after having been shot at a concert venue in the city of Orlando, Florida. ](/news/2016/06/11/american-singer-christina-grimmie-best-known-for-her-appearances-on-the-voice-dies-after-having-been-shot-at-a-concert-venue-in-the-city.md) _Context: Orlando, Florida_
4. [Christina Grimmie, a YouTube star and former contestant on "The Voice", is shot dead by an "infatuated" fan as she signed autographs following a concert appearance with Before You Exit at The Plaza Live in Orlando, Florida. The shooter, 27-year-old Kevin James Loibl, shot himself dead after being tackled by Grimmie's Brother. Grimmie died in a hospital just before 11 p.m. ](/news/2016/06/10/christina-grimmie-a-youtube-star-and-former-contestant-on-the-voice-is-shot-dead-by-an-infatuated-fan-as-she-signed-autographs-followi.md) _Context: Orlando, Florida_
5. [The United States Air Force unveils the Northrop Grumman B-21 long-range strategic bomber at the Air Force Association-s annual Air Warfare Symposium in Orlando, Florida. The B-21 is designed to replace the aging fleet of B-1 Lancer and B-52 bombers. ](/news/2016/02/26/the-united-states-air-force-unveils-the-northrop-grumman-b-21-long-range-strategic-bomber-at-the-air-force-association-s-annual-air-warfar.md) _Context: Orlando, Florida_
6. [Abdul-Baki Todashev, the father of Ibragim Todashev (the man who had confessed to the FBI the day before in Orlando, Florida, to working with Tamerlan Tsarnaev, the deceased older brother in the April 2013 Boston Marathon bombings, in a previously unsolved 2011 triple homicide, and subsequently while being questioned attacked an agent with a knife and was killed) claims that his son is innocent and that federal investigators are biased against Chechens and made up their case against him. ](/news/2013/05/23/abdul-baki-todashev-the-father-of-ibragim-todashev-the-man-who-had-confessed-to-the-fbi-the-day-before-in-orlando-florida-to-working-wit.md) _Context: Orlando, Florida_
7. [In Orlando, Florida, Ibragim Todashev, a suspect under FBI questioning with ties to the April 2013 Boston Marathon bombings suspects, after initially being cooperative, goes on to attack an agent (in the course of the questioning) and is shot dead as a result. ](/news/2013/05/22/in-orlando-florida-ibragim-todashev-a-suspect-under-fbi-questioning-with-ties-to-the-april-2013-boston-marathon-bombings-suspects-after.md) _Context: Orlando, Florida_
8. [James Seevakumaran, a 30-year-old student at the University of Central Florida, pulls the fire alarm and plans to attack the school. Instead, after brandishing a gun at another student, he commits suicide in his dorm in Orlando, Florida, United States. The entire campus is evacuated when improvised explosive devices are found in the room. ](/news/2013/03/18/james-seevakumaran-a-30-year-old-student-at-the-university-of-central-florida-pulls-the-fire-alarm-and-plans-to-attack-the-school-instead.md) _Context: Orlando, Florida_
9. [The TechCrunch web publication reports that the Anonymous computer hacking group has declared war on the U.S. city of Orlando, Florida, in supposed retaliation for the arrest of members of Food Not Bombs. ](/news/2011/06/28/the-techcrunch-web-publication-reports-that-the-anonymous-computer-hacking-group-has-declared-war-on-the-u-s-city-of-orlando-florida-in-s.md) _Context: Orlando, Florida_
10. [ One person is killed and five are injured during a shooting in an office building in Orlando, Florida, USA. ](/news/2009/11/6/one-person-is-killed-and-five-are-injured-during-a-shooting-in-an-office-building-in-orlando-florida-usa.md) _Context: Orlando, Florida_
