
Formats: [HTML](/news/2007/07/5/on-the-25th-anniversary-of-their-captivity-the-iranian-government-announces-that-iranian-diplomats-seyyed-mohsen-mousavi-ahmad-motevassel.html)  [JSON](/news/2007/07/5/on-the-25th-anniversary-of-their-captivity-the-iranian-government-announces-that-iranian-diplomats-seyyed-mohsen-mousavi-ahmad-motevassel.json)  [XML](/news/2007/07/5/on-the-25th-anniversary-of-their-captivity-the-iranian-government-announces-that-iranian-diplomats-seyyed-mohsen-mousavi-ahmad-motevassel.xml)  

### [2007-07-5](/news/2007/07/5/index.md)

##### Iran
#  On the 25th anniversary of their captivity, the Iranian government announces that Iranian diplomats Seyyed Mohsen Mousavi, Ahmad Motevasselian, Kazem Akhavan and Taghi Rastegar Moghaddam are still alive and being held in Israeli jails. The men were captured in 1982 in Lebanon. 




### Sources:

1. [PressTV](http://www.presstv.ir/detail.aspx?id=15470&sectionid=351020101)

### Related:

1. [Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad visits Lebanon amidst concern from Israel and United States. ](/news/2010/10/13/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-visits-lebanon-amidst-concern-from-israel-and-united-states.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Lebanese_
2. [Iranian lawmakers protesting at Israel's blockade of Gaza say they will travel to the area on an aid ship from Lebanon. ](/news/2010/06/26/iranian-lawmakers-protesting-at-israel-s-blockade-of-gaza-say-they-will-travel-to-the-area-on-an-aid-ship-from-lebanon.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Lebanese_
3. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has said that there will be no ceasefire in Lebanon until an international force is deployed in the south of the country.[http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-middle_east-5237620.stm (BBC NEWS)] The supreme leader of Iran, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has urged the Muslim world to stand up to Israel and the US, criticising them for their role in the conflict in Lebanon.[http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-middle_east-5238162.stm (BBC NEWS)] An Israeli civilian is killed and 16 wounded as more than 210 rockets are fired at northern Israel, the biggest daily number since the beginning of the conflict on 12 July. [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3285425,00.html (Ynet)], [http:--www.haaretz.com-hasen-pages-ShArt.jhtml?itemNo=745563 (Haaretz)], [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-middle_east-5239568.stm (BBC NEWS)] A Syrian-made missile fired from Lebanon lands near the West Bank city of Jenin, causing minor damage. [http:--www.haaretz.com-hasen-spages-745563.html (Haaretz)], [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3285425,00.html (Ynet)], [http:--www.allheadlinenews.com-articles-7004412825 (AHN)] A massive Israeli operation is completed near Baalbek. [http:--www.haaretz.com-hasen-spages-745276.html (Haaretz)] Israel plans to resume air strikes after a 48-hour partial suspension. [http:--www.abc.net.au-news-newsitems-200608-s1703813.htm (ABC News Australia)] North Country Colorectal in Port Jefferson, New York opens its doors to business.](/news/2006/08/2/israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-has-said-that-there-will-be-no-ceasefire-in-lebanon-until-an-international-force-is-deployed-in-the-sout.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Lebanese_
4. [ Two Qassam rockets fired out of the Gaza Strip by Palestinian militants landed near the southern Israeli town of Sderot. [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3133122,00.html (YNETnews)],[http:--www.jpost.com-servlet-Satellite?pagename=JPost-JPArticle-ShowFull&cid=1124938373544 (The Jerusalem Post)] Two mortar rockets were fired from Lebanon towards Israel, one of which struck a chicken coop in the Northern Galilee Moshav of Margaliot, while the other landed in Lebanese territory. Nobody was reported injured. [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3133122,00.html (YNETnews)],[http:--www.jpost.com-servlet-Satellite?pagename=JPost-JPArticle-ShowFull&cid=1124938373544 (The Jerusalem Post)] Later reports suggest that for the first time, Hizb Allah test-fires an Iranian medium-range rocket near the Lebanese border with Israel. One of the three 240 mm Fajr-3 rockets, launched about six kilometers north of the border, landed in Israel and the other two fell inside Lebanon. ([http:--menewsline.com-stories-2005-august-08_29_1.html MENL])](/news/2005/08/25/two-qassam-rockets-fired-out-of-the-gaza-strip-by-palestinian-militants-landed-near-the-southern-israeli-town-of-sderot-http-www-ynetne.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Lebanese_
5. [ The Kuwaiti newspaper "A-Siasa" reports that Palestinian and international terrorist organizations have decided at a recent Beirut conference to launch a wave of terror attacks against Israeli and Jewish interests worldwide. According to the report, there will also be similar attacks against coalition troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. The conference, which took place at the start of February, was also said to have been attended by senior members of the Syrian, Lebanese and Iranian intelligence services who presented a list of Israeli intelligence officials to be assassinated. Organizations in attendance included: Al-Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, Hezbollah, Hamas, Islamic Jihad. ](/news/2004/02/19/the-kuwaiti-newspaper-a-siasa-reports-that-palestinian-and-international-terrorist-organizations-have-decided-at-a-recent-beirut-conferen.md) _Context: Iran, Israel, Lebanese_
