### [2010-05-30](/news/2010/05/30/index.md)

# Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Right-wing members of Knesset call for arrest and removal from Knesset of Balad MK Haneen Zoabi, who said she was proud to do her part to end what she called a siege on Gaza.

Activists aboard an aid flotilla say they have left Cyprus and will reach Gaza on Monday, but Israel says it will not let them in.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/05/2010530162851573107.html)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/middle_east/10193249.stm)
3. [BreakingNews.ie](http://www.breakingnews.ie/ireland/cypriot-authorities-prevent-tds-from-joining-gaza-flotilla-459728.html)
4. [Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Israel/Article.aspx?id=176881)
5. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2010/0530/gaza.html)
6. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/asia/kazakhstan/7786400/Pro-Palestinian-activists-set-sail-for-Gaza.html)
7. [Voice of America](http://www1.voanews.com/english/news/middle-east/Humanitarian-Ships-Continue-Journey-to-Gaza-Strip-Israel-to-Prevent-95212999.html)
8. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english2010/world/2010-05/30/c_13323985.htm)

### Related:

1. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu  prohibits all members of the Knesset (MKs) from visiting the Jerusalem site revered by Jews as the Temple Mount, and by Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary, in an attempt to calm several days of violence in the Old City. The prohibition applies to both Jewish and Muslim parliamentarians. ](/news/2015/10/8/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-prohibits-all-members-of-the-knesset-mks-from-visiting-the-jerusalem-site-revered-by-jews-as-th.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, parliament in Israel_
2. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
3. [Following last month's manslaughter conviction, Israeli soldier Elor Azaria is sentenced to 18 months in prison by a military court for, during a violent incident, his deadly shooting of the wounded, unarmed, prone Palestinian Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, who had stabbed a soldier last March in Hebron. ](/news/2017/02/21/following-last-month-s-manslaughter-conviction-israeli-soldier-elor-azaria-is-sentenced-to-18-months-in-prison-by-a-military-court-for-dur.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
4. [Israeli authorities approve 153 construction permits for settlement homes in East Jerusalem, and plan to approve another 11,000 in the coming months. ](/news/2017/01/27/israeli-authorities-approve-153-construction-permits-for-settlement-homes-in-east-jerusalem-and-plan-to-approve-another-11-000-in-the-comin.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
5. [Two Israeli Bedouins and one Israeli police officer are killed in a clash during a home-demolition operation in the Bedouin village of Umm al-Hiran. Israeli police claim to have found evidence that the Bedouins were supporters of the Islamic State. ](/news/2017/01/18/two-israeli-bedouins-and-one-israeli-police-officer-are-killed-in-a-clash-during-a-home-demolition-operation-in-the-bedouin-village-of-umm-a.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
6. [A rock throwing 19-year old Palestinian is killed by IDF troops amid clashes in the West Bank village of Beit Rima. ](/news/2016/12/18/a-rock-throwing-19-year-old-palestinian-is-killed-by-idf-troops-amid-clashes-in-the-west-bank-village-of-beit-rima.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
7. [The Israeli Ministry of Transportation orders a bus company in Beersheba to remove Arabic-language advertisements on their buses following complaints from several Jewish residents. ](/news/2016/12/1/the-israeli-ministry-of-transportation-orders-a-bus-company-in-beersheba-to-remove-arabic-language-advertisements-on-their-buses-following-c.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
8. [The Israeli Supreme Court questions the demolition of convicted terrorists' homes by the Israeli government after claims that the practice is used against Palestinians and not Israelis. The government has 30 days to respond before the court makes a decision on the practice. ](/news/2016/11/25/the-israeli-supreme-court-questions-the-demolition-of-convicted-terrorists-homes-by-the-israeli-government-after-claims-that-the-practice-i.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [ A so-called "Muezzin Bill" which would limit the volume and usage time of loudspeakers in mosques during muezzin to decrease noise pollution is put to parliament in Israel and opposed by both Arab and Jewish ultra-orthodox parties. ](/news/2016/11/16/a-so-called-muezzin-bill-which-would-limit-the-volume-and-usage-time-of-loudspeakers-in-mosques-during-muezzin-to-decrease-noise-pollutio.md) _Context: parliament in Israel_
10. [Israeli forces level land east of Khan Yunis in the southern Gaza Strip. ](/news/2016/07/11/israeli-forces-level-land-east-of-khan-yunis-in-the-southern-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
