### [2010-05-30](/news/2010/05/30/index.md)

# Legislative elections in the Czech Republic:: The Social Democrats gain the most votes, but 10 percentage points less than 2006, losing 18 seats. [http://edition.cnn.com/2010/WORLD/europe/05/30/czech.elections/index.html (CNN)] [http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5jXQklBDkGopiAnFivptSWyL6nplgD9G15CB00 (AP)]: Centre-right parties win 118 seats, with two of them-TOP 09 and Public Affairs-standing in the election for the first time. A centre-right coalition, with Petr Necas as new Prime Minister, is believed to be "almost certain". [http://www.businessweek.com/news/2010-05-29/czech-voters-choose-spending-cuts-amid-european-debt-crisis.html (BusinessWeek)]: Social Democrats leader Jiri Paroubek resigns as party leader following the result. [http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSPRG00416620100529?type=marketsNews (Reuters)]: The Communist Party, which was polling higher than 2006 before the election, fail to make any gains, remaining at 26 seats.




### Related:

1. [The right's Civic Democratic Party (ODS), TOP 09 and Public Affairs sign a coalition agreement in the wake of last Saturday's general election in the Czech Republic, even though the left Czech Social Democratic Party (CSSD) won more votes. ](/news/2010/06/2/the-right-s-civic-democratic-party-ods-top-09-and-public-affairs-sign-a-coalition-agreement-in-the-wake-of-last-saturday-s-general-electi.md) _Context: Czech Social Democratic Party, Public Affairs, TOP 09, last Saturday's general election_
2. [Gun laws in the Czech Republic: The Chamber of Deputies of the Czech Republic passes a Czech Social Democratic Party-proposed amendment to the constitution, giving citizens the right to acquire, possess and carry firearms for the purpose of security. The constitutional amendment will now go to the Senate, where it is expected to pass. ](/news/2017/06/29/gun-laws-in-the-czech-republic-the-chamber-of-deputies-of-the-czech-republic-passes-a-czech-social-democratic-party-proposed-amendment-to-t.md) _Context: Czech Social Democratic Party_
3. [In the Czech Republic a new coalition government is sworn in, led by Bohuslav Sobotka and consisting of the Social Democrats, the liberalist ANO 2011 and the Christian Democrats. ](/news/2014/01/29/in-the-czech-republic-a-new-coalition-government-is-sworn-in-led-by-bohuslav-sobotka-and-consisting-of-the-social-democrats-the-liberalist.md) _Context: Czech Social Democratic Party_
4. [The Prime Minister of the Czech Republic, Petr Necas, submits his resignation following a corruption scandal. ](/news/2013/06/17/the-prime-minister-of-the-czech-republic-petr-neaas-submits-his-resignation-following-a-corruption-scandal.md) _Context: Petr Necas_
5. [The prime minister of the Czech Republic, Petr Necas, announces his resignation. ](/news/2013/06/16/the-prime-minister-of-the-czech-republic-petr-neaas-announces-his-resignation.md) _Context: Petr Necas_
6. [Czech investigative authorities start a raid against organized crime, affecting the top levels of Czech politics, including Prime Minister Petr Necas and his coalition government.](/news/2013/06/13/czech-investigative-authorities-start-a-raid-against-organized-crime-affecting-the-top-levels-of-czech-politics-including-prime-minister-p.md) _Context: Petr Necas_
7. [The opposition Social Democrats are awarded control of the Czech senate by the people in mid-term elections, giving them the chance to oppose right-wing government attempts to cut the wages of workers, stop them sending more troops to Afghanistan and make government reforms "socially more tolerable". ](/news/2010/10/23/the-opposition-social-democrats-are-awarded-control-of-the-czech-senate-by-the-people-in-mid-term-elections-giving-them-the-chance-to-oppos.md) _Context: Czech Social Democratic Party_
8. [Voters in the Czech Republic vote in legislative elections. ](/news/2010/05/28/voters-in-the-czech-republic-vote-in-legislative-elections.md) _Context: last Saturday's general election_
