### [2008-11-18](/news/2008/11/18/index.md)

#  2008 Nord-Kivu fighting: War crimes are reported in the Nord-Kivu province of the Democratic Republic of the Congo after a ceasefire is broken and fighting resumes, leaving at least 100 civilians dead. ([http://www.newssafety.com/index.php?view=article&catid=25%3Adrc-security&id=10537%3Amore-than-100-civilians-killed-in-dr-congo-fighting-rights-groups-&option=com_content&Itemid=100168 INSI])




### Related:

1. [Former Congolese Vice President and warlord Jean-Pierre Bemba, sentenced last year by the International Criminal Court (ICC) to 18 years in prison for war crimes, is given an additional 12 months and fined 300,000 euros for bribing witnesses during an earlier ICC trial. The court also handed jail terms and fines for alleged interference in his trial to members of his legal team. ](/news/2017/03/22/former-congolese-vice-president-and-warlord-jean-pierre-bemba-sentenced-last-year-by-the-international-criminal-court-icc-to-18-years-in.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, war crime_
2. [The International Criminal Court finds ex-Vice President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo Jean-Pierre Bemba guilty of war crimes. Bemba is accused of not taking steps to stop his militia from committing mass murder, rape and pillage in neighbouring Central African Republic. ](/news/2016/03/21/the-international-criminal-court-finds-ex-vice-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-jean-pierre-bemba-guilty-of-war-crimes-bem.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, war crime_
3. [M23 rebellion:In the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the March 23 Movement announce a unilateral ceasefire ahead of peace talks with the government. ](/news/2013/01/8/m23-rebellion-pin-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-the-march-23-movement-announce-a-unilateral-ceasefire-ahead-of-peace-talks-with-the.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, ceasefire_
4. [The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant for war crimes against Sylvestre Mudacumura, the commander of the Congolese rebel group, the Democratic Forces for the Liberation of Rwanda. ](/news/2012/07/13/the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-war-crimes-against-sylvestre-mudacumura-the-commander-of-the-congolese-rebel.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, war crime_
5. [Former Vice President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Jean-Pierre Bemba, goes on trial for crimes against humanity and war crimes at the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2010/11/22/former-vice-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-jean-pierre-bemba-goes-on-trial-for-crimes-against-humanity-and-war-crimes-a.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, war crime_
6. [The United Nations publishes a toned down version of its report into war crimes said to have occurred in the Democratic Republic of the Congo during the 1990s after Uganda, Rwanda and Burundi rejected the report's findings. ](/news/2010/10/1/the-united-nations-publishes-a-toned-down-version-of-its-report-into-war-crimes-said-to-have-occurred-in-the-democratic-republic-of-the-cong.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, war crime_
7. [Rwanda threatens to limit cooperation with the United Nations after a report accused the country of war crimes in neighbouring Democratic Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2010/08/28/rwanda-threatens-to-limit-cooperation-with-the-united-nations-after-a-report-accused-the-country-of-war-crimes-in-neighbouring-democratic-re.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, war crime_
8. [ Kasereka Kabamba, a Mai Mai militia leader in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, surrenders to Nord-Kivu Army Chief Vainqueur Mayala. Kabamba maintains his forces fought against rebels loyal to Laurent Kabila, in the service of the government. ](/news/2007/10/29/kasereka-kabamba-a-mai-mai-militia-leader-in-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-surrenders-to-nord-kivu-army-chief-vainqueur-mayala-ka.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Nord-Kivu_
9. [ Thomas Lubanga, former leader of the Union of Congolese Patriots militia in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, becomes the first person arrested on behalf of, and then referred to the International Criminal Court for war crimes. ](/news/2006/03/17/thomas-lubanga-former-leader-of-the-union-of-congolese-patriots-militia-in-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-becomes-the-first-person.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, war crime_
10. [  The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant against Mahmoud al-Werfalli for the war crime of murder following the circulation of several videos in which he appears to oversee the execution of over 30 prisoners. ](/news/2017/08/15/the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-against-mahmoud-al-werfalli-for-the-war-crime-of-murder-following-the-circulatio.md) _Context: war crime_
