### [2003-12-18](/news/2003/12/18/index.md)

#  Prosecutors in California charge singer Michael Jackson with seven counts of child molestation and schedule hearings for January 16, 2004. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/entertainment/showbiz/3323237.stm]




### Related:

1. [The trial of Dr Conrad Murray for manslaughter in connection to the death of American singer Michael Jackson begins in California. ](/news/2011/09/27/the-trial-of-dr-conrad-murray-for-manslaughter-in-connection-to-the-death-of-american-singer-michael-jackson-begins-in-california.md) _Context: California, Michael Jackson_
2. [Dr Conrad Murray is ordered to face a trial for the manslaughter of Michael Jackson in California. ](/news/2011/01/11/dr-conrad-murray-is-ordered-to-face-a-trial-for-the-manslaughter-of-michael-jackson-in-california.md) _Context: California, Michael Jackson_
3. [A California judge refuses to suspend the medical licence of Conrad Murray, the doctor charged in connection with Michael Jackson's death. ](/news/2010/06/14/a-california-judge-refuses-to-suspend-the-medical-licence-of-conrad-murray-the-doctor-charged-in-connection-with-michael-jackson-s-death.md) _Context: California, Michael Jackson_
4. [ A public memorial for Michael Jackson takes place at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California, with over 17,000 viewing in Los Angeles, and millions more viewing around the world. ](/news/2009/07/7/a-public-memorial-for-michael-jackson-takes-place-at-the-staples-center-in-los-angeles-california-with-over-17-000-viewing-in-los-angeles.md) _Context: California, Michael Jackson_
5. [ The King of Pop Michael Jackson dies from cardiac arrest at the age of 50 after arrival at the UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles, California. ](/news/2009/06/25/the-king-of-pop-michael-jackson-dies-from-cardiac-arrest-at-the-age-of-50-after-arrival-at-the-ucla-medical-center-in-los-angeles-californ.md) _Context: California, Michael Jackson_
6. [Sanctuary cities. California and San Francisco sue the United States Federal government over its opposition towards sanctuary cities. ](/news/2017/08/14/sanctuary-cities-california-and-san-francisco-sue-the-united-states-federal-government-over-its-opposition-towards-sanctuary-cities.md) _Context: California_
7. [Renewable energy in Australia. South Australia finalizes a deal with Tesla, spearheaded by tweets originating from CEO of Tesla Elon Musk, to install a battery system in the state. Tesla said in a statement that upon completion by December 2017, the system would be the largest lithium-ion battery storage project in the world, overtaking an 80 megawatt-hour power station at Mira Loma in California also built using Tesla batteries. ](/news/2017/07/7/renewable-energy-in-australia-south-australia-finalizes-a-deal-with-tesla-spearheaded-by-tweets-originating-from-ceo-of-tesla-elon-musk-t.md) _Context: California_
8. [Presidency of Donald Trump. Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/presidency-of-donald-trump-numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-regist.md) _Context: California_
9. [2017 North American heat wave. A heat wave strikes the Western U.S. states of Arizona, California, and Nevada. It is predicted to last until June 23. ](/news/2017/06/20/2017-north-american-heat-wave-a-heat-wave-strikes-the-western-u-s-states-of-arizona-california-and-nevada-it-is-predicted-to-last-until.md) _Context: California_
10. [UPS shooting in San Francisco. Four people, including the gunman, are dead, and six injured, after a man opens fire at people in a UPS building in the Potrero Hill neighborhood of San Francisco, California. ](/news/2017/06/14/ups-shooting-in-san-francisco-four-people-including-the-gunman-are-dead-and-six-injured-after-a-man-opens-fire-at-people-in-a-ups-build.md) _Context: California_
