### [2012-03-25](/news/2012/03/25/index.md)

# Peter Cruddas resigns as treasurer of Britain's Conservative Party after he was filmed selling access to Prime Minister David Cameron for PS250,000. 

Conservative Party co-treasurer Peter Cruddas resigns after a secretly-filmed video shows him apparently selling access to the PM for £250,000.


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2012/mar/25/peter-cruddas-resigns-cash-access)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-17503116)

### Related:

1. [Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leader-of-the-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-d.md) _Context: Conservative Party, David Cameron, Prime Minster_
2. [The process to elect a new leader of the Conservative Party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron begins in the United Kingdom. The Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb is the first Conservative Party politician to announce his official candidacy for leader. ](/news/2016/06/29/the-process-to-elect-a-new-leader-of-the-conservative-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-david-cameron-begins-in-the-united-kingdom-t.md) _Context: Conservative Party, David Cameron, Prime Minster_
3. [British Prime Minister David Cameron says he will "win people back" after his party, the Conservatives came third in the Eastleigh by-election behind the Liberal Democrats and UK Independence Party. ](/news/2013/03/1/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-says-he-will-win-people-back-after-his-party-the-conservatives-came-third-in-the-eastleigh-by-electi.md) _Context: Conservative Party, David Cameron, Prime Minster_
4. [In the wake of the Cash for Access scandal British Prime Minister, David Cameron publishes details of Conservative Party donors who have had dinner with him at 10 Downing Street. ](/news/2012/03/26/in-the-wake-of-the-cash-for-access-scandal-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-publishes-details-of-conservative-party-donors-who-have-had.md) _Context: Conservative Party, David Cameron, Prime Minster_
5. [''The Sunday Times'' releases a video showing British Conservative Party co-treasurer Peter Cruddas allegedly offering undercover reporters access to UK Prime Minister David Cameron for 250,000. ](/news/2012/03/24/the-sunday-times-releases-a-video-showing-british-conservative-party-co-treasurer-peter-cruddas-allegedly-offering-undercover-reporters.md) _Context: Conservative Party, David Cameron, Peter Cruddas_
6. [The British House of Commons votes to reject a proposed referendum on Britain's membership of the European Union, with 483 MPs voting against the proposal and 111 voting in favour. Among those who supported the proposal were 81 Conservative Party members, who rebelled against the anti-referendum stance of Prime Minister David Cameron, the leader of the Conservative Party. ](/news/2011/10/24/the-british-house-of-commons-votes-to-reject-a-proposed-referendum-on-britain-s-membership-of-the-european-union-with-483-mps-voting-agains.md) _Context: Conservative Party, David Cameron, Prime Minster_
7. [The Conservative Party's David Cameron kisses the hands of Queen Elizabeth II to become Prime Minister of the United Kingdom after Gordon Brown resigns as Prime Minister and as Leader of the British Labour Party. ](/news/2010/05/11/the-conservative-party-s-david-cameron-kisses-the-hands-of-queen-elizabeth-ii-to-become-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-after-gordon-br.md) _Context: Conservative Party, David Cameron, Prime Minster_
8. [Former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron resigns as MP for Witney, triggering a by-election. ](/news/2016/09/12/former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-resigns-as-mp-for-witney-triggering-a-by-election.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minster_
9. [Home Secretary Theresa May gets 165 votes after the first ballot of Conservative members of parliament  to select a new Leader and the next Prime Minister.  Her nearest rival,  Minister of State for Energy Andrea Leadsom, picked up 66 votes.  Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove won 48 votes, and  Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb got 34 votes. Former Secretary of State for Defence Liam Fox is eliminated from consideration as he received just 16. Later, Crabb pulled out of the race  and endorsed front-runner Theresa May. Fox also endorsed May. ](/news/2016/07/5/home-secretary-theresa-may-gets-165-votes-after-the-first-ballot-of-conservative-members-of-parliament-to-select-a-new-leader-and-the-next.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Prime Minster_
10. [Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though  Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-the-uk-wide-brexit-result-binds-the-entire-nation-ev.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minster_
