### [2014-12-24](/news/2014/12/24/index.md)

# American-led intervention in Syria:: A Royal Jordanian Air Force warplane crashes, and its pilot is captured by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants near the city of Ar-Raqqah in northern Syria. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-30596474)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: American-led intervention in Syria: The United States Marine Corps' 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit arrives in Syria ahead of a Syrian Democratic Forces operation to take control of ISIL's de facto capital of Raqqa. ](/news/2017/03/8/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-the-united-states-marine-corps-11th-marine-expeditionary-unit-arrives-in-syria-ahead.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
2. [Syrian civil war: American-led intervention in Syria: The United States acknowledges that its warplanes may have hit a Syrian Army position near Deir ez-Zor Airport in eastern Syria, while conducting an operation against ISIL, killing more than 60 Syrian troops. ](/news/2016/09/17/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-the-united-states-acknowledges-that-its-warplanes-may-have-hit-a-syrian-army-position.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
3. [American-led intervention in Syria: The President of the United States Barack Obama announces that the U.S. will send an additional 250 troops to fight ISIL in Syria. ](/news/2016/04/25/american-led-intervention-in-syria-the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-that-the-u-s-will-send-an-additional-250-troo.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
4. [American-led intervention in Syria: A senior Iraqi intelligence official, who is also a Syrian activist leader, says Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant commander Omar al-Shishani (Omar the Chechen, real name Tarkhan Tayumurazovich Batirashvili) died of wounds suffered in a March 4 U.S. airstrike near the Syrian town of Al-Shaddadah. The U.S. State Department offered up to $5 million for information on his whereabouts. Amaq news agency, which supports ISIL, says Shishani is neither dead nor hurt. ](/news/2016/03/15/american-led-intervention-in-syria-a-senior-iraqi-intelligence-official-who-is-also-a-syrian-activist-leader-says-islamic-state-of-iraq-a.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Military intervention against ISIL: A series of air strikes in Syria's Raqqa province, believed to be carried out by U.S.-led coalition warplanes, leaves at least 32 Islamic State fighters killed and 40 more wounded. The final toll could rise as casualty figures were collected from a single hospital. The jets hit IS headquarters and bases to the north, east, and southeast of provincial capital Raqqa city. ](/news/2015/12/6/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-a-series-of-air-strikes-in-syria-s-raqqa-province-believed-to-be-carried-out-by-u-s.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
6. [Syrian Civil War: American-led intervention in Syria: A newly formed U.S.-backed Syrian rebel alliance, Democratic Forces of Syria, launches an offensive against Islamic State forces in the northeast province of Hasaka. ](/news/2015/10/31/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-a-newly-formed-u-s-backed-syrian-rebel-alliance-democratic-forces-of-syria-launches.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
7. [American-led intervention in Syria: Battle of Raqqa (2017): The United States-backed Syrian Democratic Forces launch an operation to capture Raqqa, ISIL's "de facto" Syrian capital. ](/news/2017/06/6/american-led-intervention-in-syria-battle-of-raqqa-2017-the-united-states-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-launch-an-operation-to-capture.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [ Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon: Lebanese Armed Forces are attacked by five suicide bombers and other militants during a raid of two Syrian refugee camps in Arsal near the Syrian border. The army reports a girl was killed in one of the suicide attacks, seven soldiers were also wounded, and 350 people, including several ISIL officials, were detained during the sweep. ](/news/2017/06/30/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-lebanese-armed-forces-are-attacked-by-five-suicide-bombers-and-other-militants-during-a-raid-of-two.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
9. [Syrian Civil War: Military intervention against ISIL: The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
10. [Iraqi Civil War: Iraq's Popular Mobilization Forces, assisted by Iran, say they cleared ISIL out of several villages north of Ba'aj on the border with Syria. ](/news/2017/05/29/iraqi-civil-war-iraq-s-popular-mobilization-forces-assisted-by-iran-say-they-cleared-isil-out-of-several-villages-north-of-ba-aj-on-the-b.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
