### [2004-02-18](/news/2004/02/18/index.md)

#  Occupation of Iraq: Suicide bombers in two vehicles killed 11 Iraqis and wounded 58 foreign troops and 44 Iraqis near the entrance to a Polish-manned coalition logistics base near the town of Hilla in central Iraq south of Baghdad. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3498577.stm)

### Related:

1. [A string of bombings kill at least 29 people and injure 69 others in central Iraq, including twin blasts in Baghdad's Kadhimiya neighborhood, as well as the city of Hilla. ](/news/2013/02/8/a-string-of-bombings-kill-at-least-29-people-and-injure-69-others-in-central-iraq-including-twin-blasts-in-baghdad-s-kadhimiya-neighborhood.md) _Context: Baghdad, Hilla, Iraq_
2. [A car bomb explodes in the southern Iraqi city of Hilla, killing at least 21 police officers and injuring 65; in northern Iraq and in Baghdad, four people are killed in other attacks. ](/news/2011/05/5/a-car-bomb-explodes-in-the-southern-iraqi-city-of-hilla-killing-at-least-21-police-officers-and-injuring-65-in-northern-iraq-and-in-baghda.md) _Context: Baghdad, Hilla, Iraq_
3. [ Bomb attacks in the Iraqi cities of Baghdad and Hilla leave 23 dead. ](/news/2009/12/24/bomb-attacks-in-the-iraqi-cities-of-baghdad-and-hilla-leave-23-dead.md) _Context: Baghdad, Hilla, Iraq_
4. [ Edward Pietrzyk, the Polish ambassador to Iraq, is hurt and his bodyguard is killed by a bomb attack in Baghdad. ](/news/2007/10/3/edward-pietrzyk-the-polish-ambassador-to-iraq-is-hurt-and-his-bodyguard-is-killed-by-a-bomb-attack-in-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Polish_
5. [ Multiple bomb attacks across Baghdad, Iraq kill at least 40 people while 12 more die after bomb explodes near an army recruiting office in Hilla. ](/news/2006/08/30/multiple-bomb-attacks-across-baghdad-iraq-kill-at-least-40-people-while-12-more-die-after-bomb-explodes-near-an-army-recruiting-office-in.md) _Context: Baghdad, Hilla, Iraq_
6. [ A suicide car bomb explodes in the Iraqi town of Hilla, 60 kilometres south of Baghdad. 125 people are killed and many injured.](/news/2005/02/28/a-suicide-car-bomb-explodes-in-the-iraqi-town-of-hilla-60-kilometres-south-of-baghdad-125-people-are-killed-and-many-injured.md) _Context: Baghdad, Hilla, Iraq_
7. [ Suicide bombers detonate boats alongside two oil tankers and a coalition boat in the Persian Gulf, targeting Iraq's main oil terminal, Basra. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml;jsessionid=BATOJRSIWHFBQCRBAELCFEY?type=topNews&storyID=4929705&section=news (Reuters)] A bomb in Baghdad's Sadr City market kills 12 Iraqis. In a separate incident, five US soldiers are killed in a rocket attack on a military base north of Baghdad. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/meast/04/24/iraq.main/index.html (CNN)] [http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&cid=540&e=1&u=/ap/20040424/ap_on_re_mi_ea/iraq (AP)] Leaders of Australia and Bulgaria visited their troops Sunday. Australian Prime Minister John Howard joined Australian troops in Baghdad for ceremonies honoring the country's war dead. Bulgarian President Georgi Parvanov visited his country's troops two days after a Bulgarian soldier was shot dead in Karbala, the sixth from that country to die in the war.](/news/2004/04/24/suicide-bombers-detonate-boats-alongside-two-oil-tankers-and-a-coalition-boat-in-the-persian-gulf-targeting-iraq-s-main-oil-terminal-basr.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Suicide bombers_
8. [ Occupation of Iraq: At around 8 am local time (5 am GMT) in Baghdad, Iraq, an insurgent suicide bomber driving a car filled with explosives blew himself up while attempting to enter "Assassin's Gate." Early reports said that about 18 people, including 16 Iraqi civilians and two United States Department of Defense workers were killed, while another 56 Iraqi civilians were wounded.](/news/2004/01/18/occupation-of-iraq-at-around-8-am-local-time-5-am-gmt-in-baghdad-iraq-an-insurgent-suicide-bomber-driving-a-car-filled-with-explosives.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Occupation of Iraq_
9. [ Occupation of Iraq: The Turkish Parliament votes (358-to-183) to approve the dispatch of peacekeepers to Iraq, in a major victory for United States efforts to broaden foreign involvement in Iraq. In Baghdad, Iraqi Governing Council officials state that they would oppose any new foreign troop deployment to Iraq. No formal decision had been made by the Council and leaders of the council have stated they would support this if the United States requested this.](/news/2003/10/7/occupation-of-iraq-the-turkish-parliament-votes-358-to-183-to-approve-the-dispatch-of-peacekeepers-to-iraq-in-a-major-victory-for-unite.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Occupation of Iraq_
10. [ Iraq: A new Gallup poll shows majority of Iraqis expect a better life in five years. After foreign occupation and the removal of Saddam Hussein, around two-thirds of Baghdad residents state the Iraqi dictator removal was worth the hardships they've been forced to endure.](/news/2003/09/23/iraq-a-new-gallup-poll-shows-majority-of-iraqis-expect-a-better-life-in-five-years-after-foreign-occupation-and-the-removal-of-saddam-hus.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Occupation of Iraq_
