### [2002-12-6](/news/2002/12/6/index.md)

#  The Chechen separatist Akhmed Zakayev has returned to London, where he is expected to seek asylum. He was arrested but released soon afterwards on bail paid by Vanessa Redgrave.




### Related:

1. [ Akhmed Zakayev, envoy of the killed Chechen separatist leader Aslan Maskhadov, states that Maskhadov's death does not end resistance to Russian rule and that his successor would be chosen in a couple of days ](/news/2005/03/9/akhmed-zakayev-envoy-of-the-killed-chechen-separatist-leader-aslan-maskhadov-states-that-maskhadov-s-death-does-not-end-resistance-to-rus.md) _Context: Akhmed Zakayev, Chechnya_
2. [ A British court rejects a request by the Russian government for extradition of Akhmed Zakayev, an envoy of the Chechen rebels, who is accused of being a terrorist and having committed a number of crimes including kidnapping, murdering Russian soldiers, and levying war. The request was denied on the grounds that Mr. Zakayev was considered likely to be tortured if he was extradited, which would make such deportation illegal under article 3 of the European Convention on Human Rights. The prosecution's evidence was described as a "farce" by one BBC reporter, and reminiscent of Soviet-era show trials.](/news/2003/11/13/a-british-court-rejects-a-request-by-the-russian-government-for-extradition-of-akhmed-zakayev-an-envoy-of-the-chechen-rebels-who-is-accus.md) _Context: Akhmed Zakayev, Chechnya_
3. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The "Novaya Gazeta" newspaper reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: Chechnya_
4. [Six Chechen soldiers, along with six militants, are killed in a nighttime attack on a Russian National Guard base in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/03/24/six-chechen-soldiers-along-with-six-militants-are-killed-in-a-nighttime-attack-on-a-russian-national-guard-base-in-chechnya.md) _Context: Chechnya_
5. [At least two police officers and three suspected militants are killed during a gunfight in Shali, Chechnya. ](/news/2017/01/30/at-least-two-police-officers-and-three-suspected-militants-are-killed-during-a-gunfight-in-shali-chechnya.md) _Context: Chechnya_
6. [A group of nine human rights activists and journalists, heading to Grozny, Chechnya, in a small bus, are attacked on the Kavkaz federal highway near the Ordzhonikidzovskaya settlement at the Ingushetia border. About 20 masked men assaulted the group, confiscated some mobile phones, and set their vehicle on fire. Two of the journalists, the NGO lawyer, and the bus driver were hospitalized. A Committee to Prevent Torture representative said this is the first press tour that was not organized by the Chechen government. ](/news/2016/03/9/a-group-of-nine-human-rights-activists-and-journalists-heading-to-grozny-chechnya-in-a-small-bus-are-attacked-on-the-kavkaz-federal-high.md) _Context: Chechnya_
7. [The Kremlin's Rights Council states that they believe that Zaur Dadayev, a former Chechen police officer, who confessed to being part of the murder of Boris Nemtsov did so after being tortured. ](/news/2015/03/11/the-kremlin-s-rights-council-states-that-they-believe-that-zaur-dadayev-a-former-chechen-police-officer-who-confessed-to-being-part-of-the.md) _Context: Chechnya_
8. [The city of Grozny in the Russian republic of Chechnya holds a protest with 60% of the population in attendance in opposition to the Charlie Hebdo cartoons. ](/news/2015/01/19/the-city-of-grozny-in-the-russian-republic-of-chechnya-holds-a-protest-with-60-of-the-population-in-attendance-in-opposition-to-the-charlie.md) _Context: Chechnya_
9. [Five police officers are killed and twelve others wounded in a suicide bombing in Grozny, the capital of Russia's North Caucasian republic of Chechnya. ](/news/2014/10/5/five-police-officers-are-killed-and-twelve-others-wounded-in-a-suicide-bombing-in-grozny-the-capital-of-russia-s-north-caucasian-republic-o.md) _Context: Chechnya_
10. [One policeman is killed and 14 are wounded in a clash with the North Caucasian rebels in Chechnya, Russia. ](/news/2013/06/29/one-policeman-is-killed-and-14-are-wounded-in-a-clash-with-the-north-caucasian-rebels-in-chechnya-russia.md) _Context: Chechnya_
