### [2011-10-14](/news/2011/10/14/index.md)

# The Prime Minister of Thailand, Yingluck Shinawatra, reassures residents that the capital, Bangkok, will largely escape from major flooding over the weekend. An estimated 289 people have been killed by flooding in Thailand since July 2011. 

Thai Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra tried to reassure residents of Bangkok on Friday that the capital should largely escape the flooding that has covered a third of the country since July and caused damage of at least $3 billion.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/10/14/us-thailand-floods-idUSTRE79C0W720111014)

### Related:

1. [2013 Thai protests:: As anti-government protests in Thailand continue to spread beyond the capital Bangkok, the parliament discusses a no-confidence motion against the Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra. ](/news/2013/11/27/2013-thai-protests-as-anti-government-protests-in-thailand-continue-to-spread-beyond-the-capital-bangkok-the-parliament-discusses-a-no-co.md) _Context: Bangkok, Prime Minister, Thailand, Yingluck Shinawatra_
2. [Flooding in Thailand reaches the residence of the Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra in Bangkok, forcing her to withdraw from the Hawaii APEC summit to deal with the crisis. ](/news/2011/11/8/flooding-in-thailand-reaches-the-residence-of-the-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-in-bangkok-forcing-her-to-withdraw-from-the-hawaii-ape.md) _Context: Bangkok, Prime Minister, Thailand, Yingluck Shinawatra_
3. [Thailand's National Anti-Corruption Commission refers former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra to face impeachment charges in the Senate over a failed rice subsidy scheme. ](/news/2014/05/8/thailand-s-national-anti-corruption-commission-refers-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-to-face-impeachment-charges-in-the-senate-ov.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Thailand, Yingluck Shinawatra_
4. [2013-14 Thai political crisis:: Protesters gather in Bangkok to shut down the city centre in an effort to bring down the government of Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra. ](/news/2014/01/13/2013-14-thai-political-crisis-protesters-gather-in-bangkok-to-shut-down-the-city-centre-in-an-effort-to-bring-down-the-government-of-pri.md) _Context: Bangkok, Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
5. [Thousands of protesters fill the streets of Bangkok, Thailand, after lawmakers pass a draft bill for political amnesty which could allow self-exiled Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra to re-enter the country. ](/news/2013/11/5/thousands-of-protesters-fill-the-streets-of-bangkok-thailand-after-lawmakers-pass-a-draft-bill-for-political-amnesty-which-could-allow-sel.md) _Context: Bangkok, Prime Minister, Thailand_
6. [Royal Thai Police use tear gas against thousands of protesters calling for the overthrow of the Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra, in Bangkok, Thailand. At least 61 people are injured. ](/news/2012/11/24/royal-thai-police-use-tear-gas-against-thousands-of-protesters-calling-for-the-overthrow-of-the-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-in-bang.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Thailand, Yingluck Shinawatra_
7. [The Prime Minister of Thailand, Yingluck Shinawatra, is hospitalised in Bangkok with suspected food poisoning. ](/news/2011/11/29/the-prime-minister-of-thailand-yingluck-shinawatra-is-hospitalised-in-bangkok-with-suspected-food-poisoning.md) _Context: Bangkok, Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
8. [The Prime Minister of Thailand, Yingluck Shinawatra, admits that it is impossible to protect all of the capital Bangkok from ongoing nationwide flooding, describing the floods as a "national crisis". ](/news/2011/10/20/the-prime-minister-of-thailand-yingluck-shinawatra-admits-that-it-is-impossible-to-protect-all-of-the-capital-bangkok-from-ongoing-nationw.md) _Context: Bangkok, Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
9. [Floodwaters threaten the Thai capital of Bangkok as the 2011 Thai floods - which have killed 317 people and affected nearly nine million in Thailand since August - continue unabated. ](/news/2011/10/19/floodwaters-threaten-the-thai-capital-of-bangkok-as-the-2011-thai-floods-which-have-killed-317-people-and-affected-nearly-nine-million-in.md) _Context: 2011 Thai floods, Bangkok, Thailand_
10. [Thailand votes in its 26th general election with results showing the Pheu Thai Party loyal to former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra winning a majority. Yingluck Shinawatra, the opposition party leader, is expected to be the first female Prime Minister of Thailand. ](/news/2011/07/3/thailand-votes-in-its-26th-general-election-with-results-showing-the-pheu-thai-party-loyal-to-former-prime-minister-thaksin-shinawatra-winni.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Thailand, Yingluck Shinawatra_
