### [2011-10-14](/news/2011/10/14/index.md)

# U.S. President Barack Obama authorizes the deployment of up to 100 American soldiers to Uganda, South Sudan, the Central African Republic, and the Democratic Republic of the Congo to assist in operations against the Lord's Resistance Army insurgency. 




### Source:

1. [Wall Street Journal](http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424052970204774604576631223688817698.html)

### Related:

1. [ Uganda, Democratic Republic of the Congo, and Southern Sudan launch an operation against the Lord's Resistance Army insurgency in the DRC's Garamba National Park. ](/news/2008/12/14/uganda-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-and-southern-sudan-launch-an-operation-against-the-lord-s-resistance-army-insurgency-in-the-drc-s.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Lord's Resistance Army insurgency, Uganda_
2. [Jean-Pierre Bemba, leader of the Movement for the Liberation of the Congo, and a former Congolese vice president, is sentenced to 18 years in prison by the International Criminal Court for war crimes, and for sexual violence crimes against humanity in neighboring Central African Republic during 2002 and 2003. ](/news/2016/06/21/jean-pierre-bemba-leader-of-the-movement-for-the-liberation-of-the-congo-and-a-former-congolese-vice-president-is-sentenced-to-18-years-i.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of the Congo_
3. [The International Criminal Court finds ex-Vice President of the Democratic Republic of the Congo Jean-Pierre Bemba guilty of war crimes. Bemba is accused of not taking steps to stop his militia from committing mass murder, rape and pillage in neighbouring Central African Republic. ](/news/2016/03/21/the-international-criminal-court-finds-ex-vice-president-of-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-jean-pierre-bemba-guilty-of-war-crimes-bem.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Democratic Republic of the Congo_
4. [Allied Democratic Forces insurgency: Ugandan rebels from the Allied Democratic Forces and National Army for the Liberation of Uganda kill 36 people in the Democratic Republic of the Congo's North Kivu province. ](/news/2014/12/7/allied-democratic-forces-insurgency-ugandan-rebels-from-the-allied-democratic-forces-and-national-army-for-the-liberation-of-uganda-kill-36.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Uganda_
5. [ADF insurgency: The Ugandan rebel group kills up to 80 people near Beni in North Kivu, Democratic Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2014/11/20/adf-insurgency-the-ugandan-rebel-group-kills-up-to-80-people-near-beni-in-north-kivu-democratic-republic-of-the-congo.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Uganda_
6. [Suspected Ugandan rebels kill more than 20 people near the Democratic Republic of the Congo town of Beni in their second attack in 48 hours. ](/news/2014/10/18/suspected-ugandan-rebels-kill-more-than-20-people-near-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-town-of-beni-in-their-second-attack-in-48-hours.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Uganda_
7. [Wanted Ugandan rebel leader Joseph Kony, leader of the Lord's Resistance Army, returns to eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2011/03/29/wanted-ugandan-rebel-leader-joseph-kony-leader-of-the-lord-s-resistance-army-returns-to-eastern-democratic-republic-of-the-congo.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Uganda_
8. [11 members of a family are found dead in eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo after being kidnapped by Ugandan Islamist rebels. ](/news/2011/02/14/11-members-of-a-family-are-found-dead-in-eastern-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-after-being-kidnapped-by-ugandan-islamist-rebels.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Uganda_
9. [The United Nations publishes a toned down version of its report into war crimes said to have occurred in the Democratic Republic of the Congo during the 1990s after Uganda, Rwanda and Burundi rejected the report's findings. ](/news/2010/10/1/the-united-nations-publishes-a-toned-down-version-of-its-report-into-war-crimes-said-to-have-occurred-in-the-democratic-republic-of-the-cong.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Uganda_
10. [Almost 90,000 people flee renewed fighting in the eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo in the past month reflecting a declining security situation as the military fights Allied Democratic Forces-National Army for the Liberation of Uganda Ugandan Islamist rebels. ](/news/2010/08/1/almost-90-000-people-flee-renewed-fighting-in-the-eastern-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-in-the-past-month-reflecting-a-declining-security.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Uganda_
