### [2003-01-11](/news/2003/01/11/index.md)

#  A U.S. court ordered the controversial organization Clonaid, which claims that it produced a human clone, to reveal the identity and whereabouts of the alleged cloned baby.




### Related:

1. [Scientists announce creation of cloned human stem cells derived from adult cells. ([http://time.com/65610/cloning-cells-from-two-adult-men/ "TIME"])](/news/2014/04/17/scientists-announce-creation-of-cloned-human-stem-cells-derived-from-adult-cells-http-time-com-65610-cloning-cells-from-two-adult-men.md) _Context: cloned human_
2. [ South Korean scientist Hwang Woo-suk has been offered a job at Clonaid studying human embryonic stem cell lines. Clonaid is a subsidiary of the cult known as the Raelians, who believe that cloning is the first step toward immortality. ](/news/2006/01/17/south-korean-scientist-hwang-woo-suk-has-been-offered-a-job-at-clonaid-studying-human-embryonic-stem-cell-lines-clonaid-is-a-subsidiary-of.md) _Context: Clonaid_
3. [ Human cloning: Fertility expert Dr. Panos Zavos claims to have successfully transplanted a two-week-old embryo into a 35-year-old woman. He said he had not done the act anywhere where "the spirit of the law" was against such a procedure.](/news/2004/01/17/human-cloning-fertility-expert-dr-panos-zavos-claims-to-have-successfully-transplanted-a-two-week-old-embryo-into-a-35-year-old-woman-he.md) _Context: cloned human_
4. [ Clonaid Chief Executive Brigitte Boisselier told the French television station France 2 that the American parents of the supposed clone that Clonaid created are balking at providing DNA evidence to prove that their new-born baby "Eve" is really a clone. The claim is that the parents are afraid that Florida will try to take the baby away from them.](/news/2003/01/2/clonaid-chief-executive-brigitte-boisselier-told-the-french-television-station-france-2-that-the-american-parents-of-the-supposed-clone-tha.md) _Context: Clonaid_
5. [Clonaid, the medical arm of a cult called Ralism, who believe that aliens introduced human life on Earth, claims to have successfully cloned a human being. They claim that aliens taught them how to perform cloning, even though the company has no record of having successfully cloned any previous animal. A spokesperson said an independent agency would prove that the baby, named Eve, is in fact an exact copy of her mother.](/news/2002/12/27/clonaid-the-medical-arm-of-a-cult-called-raelism-who-believe-that-aliens-introduced-human-life-on-earth-claims-to-have-successfully-clone.md) _Context: Clonaid_
6. [ The controversial physician Severino Antinori has claimed that a project to clone human beings has succeeded, with the first human clone due to be born in 2003. His claims were received with skepticism from many observers. The even more controversial organization Clonaid then announced that they had five clones waiting to be born, one of whom, they claimed, would be born in December 2002.](/news/2002/11/27/the-controversial-physician-severino-antinori-has-claimed-that-a-project-to-clone-human-beings-has-succeeded-with-the-first-human-clone-du.md) _Context: Clonaid_
