### [2012-05-7](/news/2012/05/7/index.md)

# USL Leader, Victor Ponta, becomes Prime Minister of Romania. 

Romanian lawmakers on Monday approved a new left-leaning Cabinet that is expected to continue a slate of economic reforms, but partially restore public sector wages and pensions slashed as part of austerity measures.


### Source:

1. [Yahoo](http://news.yahoo.com/romanias-left-leaning-government-approved-171303269.html)

### Related:

1. [Voters in Romania go to the polls for parliamentary elections with the governing Social Liberal Union led by Prime Minister Victor Ponta winning by a landslide majority in both the Chamber of Deputies and the Senate. ](/news/2012/12/9/voters-in-romania-go-to-the-polls-for-parliamentary-elections-with-the-governing-social-liberal-union-led-by-prime-minister-victor-ponta-win.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Social Liberal Union, Victor Ponta_
2. [The President of Romania nominates current Prime Minister Victor Ponta of the Social Liberal Union to form a new government after the parliamentary election held earlier this month. ](/news/2012/12/17/the-president-of-romania-nominates-current-prime-minister-victor-ponta-of-the-social-liberal-union-to-form-a-new-government-after-the-parlia.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Social Liberal Union, Victor Ponta_
3. [In a landslide victory, Prime Minister Victor Ponta's ruling Social Liberal Union wins nearly 60% of votes in Romania's parliamentary election, with a projected 66-67% of MP mandates. ](/news/2012/12/10/in-a-landslide-victory-prime-minister-victor-ponta-s-ruling-social-liberal-union-wins-nearly-60-of-votes-in-romania-s-parliamentary-electi.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Social Liberal Union, Victor Ponta_
4. [Being forced into opposition a year earlier, by the resignation of Prime Minister Victor Ponta amid the Colectiv nightclub fire tragedy, the Social Democratic Party returns to government following a landslide victory in last Sunday's parliamentary elections. ](/news/2016/12/12/being-forced-into-opposition-a-year-earlier-by-the-resignation-of-prime-minister-victor-ponta-amid-the-colectiv-nightclub-fire-tragedy-the.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Victor Ponta_
5. [Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta declares three days of national mourning. ](/news/2015/10/31/romanian-prime-minister-victor-ponta-declares-three-days-of-national-mourning.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Victor Ponta_
6. [The Prime Minister of Romania Victor Ponta is charged in an on-going corruption scandal. ](/news/2015/07/13/the-prime-minister-of-romania-victor-ponta-is-charged-in-an-on-going-corruption-scandal.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Victor Ponta_
7. [Romania's National Anticorruption Directorate announces that it is investigating the Prime Minister Victor Ponta for alleged money laundering, forgery and corruption. Ponta denies the allegations and is refusing to stand down. ](/news/2015/06/5/romania-s-national-anticorruption-directorate-announces-that-it-is-investigating-the-prime-minister-victor-ponta-for-alleged-money-launderin.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Victor Ponta_
8. [Romanian presidential election, 2014:More than 18 million Romanians are expected to go to the polls to choose their president in one of the most important elections since the 1989 revolution. ''[http://english.hotnews.ro/stiri-top_news-18434801-romania-heads-first-round-presidential-elections-key-moment-for-democracy-and-state-law.htm (HotNews.ro)]'' ''[http://www.euractiv.com/sections/elections/romanians-elect-new-president-atmosphere-scandal-309682 (EurActiv)]''Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta, from the rulling PSD, and the ethnic German mayor of Sibiu Klaus Iohannis, from the opposition ACL electoral alliance, will face a November 16 runoff, with the incumbent Social democrat premier favored to win. ''[http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-29874030 (BBC)]''   ](/news/2014/11/2/romanian-presidential-election-2014-pmore-than-18-million-romanians-are-expected-to-go-to-the-polls-to-choose-their-president-in-one-of-the.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Victor Ponta_
9. [Voters in Romania go to the polls for the second round of the presidential election with Klaus Iohannis scoring an upset victory over current Prime Minister Victor Ponta. ](/news/2014/11/16/voters-in-romania-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-the-presidential-election-with-klaus-iohannis-scoring-an-upset-victory-over-curren.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Victor Ponta_
10. [Romanian President Traian Basescu sparks a new crisis by refusing to sign the country's IMF accord and threatens Prime Minister Victor Ponta's government with rejecting the national budget, blocking important indexations of salaries and pensions for the following year, over an ongoing political feud between the two leaders. ](/news/2013/12/3/romanian-president-traian-basescu-sparks-a-new-crisis-by-refusing-to-sign-the-country-s-imf-accord-and-threatens-prime-minister-victor-pont.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Victor Ponta_
