### [2006-10-2](/news/2006/10/2/index.md)

#  Former U.S. Rep. Mark Foley, under FBI investigation for e-mail exchanges with teenage congressional pages, has checked himself into rehabilitation facility for alcoholism treatment.




### Related:

1. [ Rep. Mark Foley, R-Fla., resigns from the United States House of Representatives in the wake of questions about e-mails and instant messages he wrote to a former Capitol page. ](/news/2006/09/29/rep-mark-foley-r-fla-resigns-from-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-in-the-wake-of-questions-about-e-mails-and-instant-message.md) _Context: Mark Foley, United States House of Representatives, e-mail_
2. [The U.S. House of Representatives, defying a veto-threat by President Barack Obama, overwhelmingly passes legislation to suspend the Obama administration's program to admit 10,000 Syrian and Iraqi refugees into the country. The bill will now face a vote in the U.S. Senate. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-defying-a-veto-threat-by-president-barack-obama-overwhelmingly-passes-legislation-to-suspend-the-obama-a.md) _Context: American, United States House of Representatives_
3. [The US FBI arrests three alleged Russian Foreign Intelligence Service spies working in the United States. The three men sought secrets about US economic plans and proposed sanctions against Moscow. ](/news/2015/01/26/the-us-fbi-arrests-three-alleged-russian-foreign-intelligence-service-spies-working-in-the-united-states-the-three-men-sought-secrets-about.md) _Context: American, FBI_
4. [Following an unexpected primary loss to Dave Brat, United States House Representative Eric Cantor announces his intent to step down from his office as House Majority Leader. ](/news/2014/06/11/following-an-unexpected-primary-loss-to-dave-brat-united-states-house-representative-eric-cantor-announces-his-intent-to-step-down-from-his.md) _Context: American, United States House of Representatives_
5. [According to the FBI, a terror attack is disrupted when US authorities raid a mobile home in Montevideo, Minnesota, United States. ](/news/2013/05/6/according-to-the-fbi-a-terror-attack-is-disrupted-when-us-authorities-raid-a-mobile-home-in-montevideo-minnesota-united-states.md) _Context: American, FBI_
6. [Google will pay a $7 million penalty to settle an investigation into the collection of e-mails, passwords and other sensitive information sent over wireless networks from 2007-2010 in the United States. Google company cars taking street-level photos for its online mapping service also had been vacuuming up personal data transmitted over wireless networks that weren't protected by passwords. ](/news/2013/03/9/google-will-pay-a-7-million-penalty-to-settle-an-investigation-into-the-collection-of-e-mails-passwords-and-other-sensitive-information-se.md) _Context: American, e-mail_
7. [The United States FBI states that they know who carried out greatest art heist in American history at Boston's Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum in 1990. ](/news/2013/03/18/the-united-states-fbi-states-that-they-know-who-carried-out-greatest-art-heist-in-american-history-at-boston-s-isabella-stewart-gardner-muse.md) _Context: American, FBI_
8. [Several 1-inch needles are found in sandwiches on multiple Delta Air Lines flights from Amsterdam Airport Schiphol to the United States. The FBI and Dutch authorities launch a criminal investigation. ](/news/2012/07/17/several-1-inch-needles-are-found-in-sandwiches-on-multiple-delta-air-lines-flights-from-amsterdam-airport-schiphol-to-the-united-states-the.md) _Context: American, FBI_
9. [Law enforcement agencies in the United States, United Kingdom and Ireland arrest alleged senior members of the computer hacking group Lulz Sec, including a member of the FBI. ](/news/2012/03/6/law-enforcement-agencies-in-the-united-states-united-kingdom-and-ireland-arrest-alleged-senior-members-of-the-computer-hacking-group-lulz-s.md) _Context: American, FBI_
10. [The FBI investigate claims that hackers in China attacked the Google email accounts of officials in the United States and Asian countries, as well as Chinese pro-democracy activists. ](/news/2011/06/2/the-fbi-investigate-claims-that-hackers-in-china-attacked-the-google-email-accounts-of-officials-in-the-united-states-and-asian-countries-a.md) _Context: American, FBI_
