### [2003-08-17](/news/2003/08/17/index.md)

#  A Palestinian cameraman working for Reuters, Mazen Dana, is shot dead by a Coalition tank crew in Iraq while trying to film around Abu Ghraib prison, after a mortar attack on the prison. The tank crew mistook the camera for a grenade launcher.




### Related:

1. ["Reuters" reports the Obama Administration will be opening new screening centers for Syrian refugees in Iraq and Lebanon to speed up the process for getting vetted individuals to the United States. ](/news/2015/11/6/reuters-reports-the-obama-administration-will-be-opening-new-screening-centers-for-syrian-refugees-in-iraq-and-lebanon-to-speed-up-the-pro.md) _Context: Iraq, Reuters_
2. [Iraqi police officials say at least 35 people have been killed following a mortar bombardment of villages near the eastern city of Baqubah, capital of the Diyala Governorate. Officials did not speculate on who may be responsible for the attack, however the Islamic State group has claimed responsibility for several recent attacks in the volatile province. ](/news/2015/10/9/iraqi-police-officials-say-at-least-35-people-have-been-killed-following-a-mortar-bombardment-of-villages-near-the-eastern-city-of-baqubah.md) _Context: Iraq, Mortar_
3. [Wikileaks releases a video from 2007 showing the killing of civilians, including two Reuters news staff, by the U.S. military in Baghdad, Iraq. ](/news/2010/04/5/wikileaks-releases-a-video-from-2007-showing-the-killing-of-civilians-including-two-reuters-news-staff-by-the-u-s-military-in-baghdad-ir.md) _Context: Iraq, Reuters_
4. [ The Israel Defense Forces bomb the Gaza Strip in response to Palestinian rocket and mortar fire. ](/news/2009/02/2/the-israel-defense-forces-bomb-the-gaza-strip-in-response-to-palestinian-rocket-and-mortar-fire.md) _Context: Mortar, Palestinian_
5. [ Palestinian militants launch four mortar shells and one Qassam rocket from the Gaza Strip into Israel. ](/news/2009/02/11/palestinian-militants-launch-four-mortar-shells-and-one-qassam-rocket-from-the-gaza-strip-into-israel.md) _Context: Mortar, Palestinian_
6. [ Palestinian militants in the Gaza Strip fire four rockets and sixteen mortar shells into Israel's Negev region. ](/news/2009/02/1/palestinian-militants-in-the-gaza-strip-fire-four-rockets-and-sixteen-mortar-shells-into-israel-s-negev-region.md) _Context: Mortar, Palestinian_
7. [ Reuters reports that Turkish forces launched an attack on Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) positions in northern Iraq earlier in the week killing 34 PKK fighters. ](/news/2007/10/24/reuters-reports-that-turkish-forces-launched-an-attack-on-kurdistan-workers-party-pkk-positions-in-northern-iraq-earlier-in-the-week-kill.md) _Context: Iraq, Reuters_
8. [ Three Palestinian children are killed in an explosion between Beit Lahiya and the Jabalya refugee camp in the Gaza Strip caused by Israeli tank fire. The Israeli Defence Forces later claim they were aiming for rocket launchers in the area directed towards Israel, but eyewitnesses and medical sources said that there were no gunmen or rocket launchers at the scene. ](/news/2007/08/29/three-palestinian-children-are-killed-in-an-explosion-between-beit-lahiya-and-the-jabalya-refugee-camp-in-the-gaza-strip-caused-by-israeli.md) _Context: Palestinian, tank_
9. [ Iraqi President Jalal Talabani has called the former prime minister Iyad Allawi's comments ""nonsense"". Allawi claimed that the human rights abuses in Iraq were as bad now as they were under Saddam Hussein. Talabani stated that the government was against any form of torture or harming of Prisoners. ](/news/2005/11/28/iraqi-president-jalal-talabani-has-called-the-former-prime-minister-iyad-allawi-s-comments-nonsense-allawi-claimed-that-the-human-righ.md) _Context: Iraq, prison_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli troops kill one Palestinian militant as three to four Hamas, Popular Resistance Committees, and Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigade militants fire mortar shells and anti-tank missiles on Israelis living in the Kfar Darom settlement in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/05/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-troops-kill-one-palestinian-militant-as-three-to-four-hamas-popular-resistance-committees-and-al-aq.md) _Context: Mortar, Palestinian_
