### [2003-08-17](/news/2003/08/17/index.md)

#  Iceland resumes whaling, 14 years after it stopped commercial whaling in 1989. It says that it will hunt 38 minke whales for research on the impact of the whales on fish stocks.




### Related:

1. [Australia is threatening to take legal action against Japan over its resumption of its controversial whale hunt in the Antarctic Ocean. A whaling fleet set sail last week, ignoring international condemnation, and last year's ruling by the International Court of Justice (ICJ) prohibiting these hunts. ](/news/2015/12/7/australia-is-threatening-to-take-legal-action-against-japan-over-its-resumption-of-its-controversial-whale-hunt-in-the-antarctic-ocean-a-wh.md) _Context: hunt, whale_
2. [Japan advises the International Whaling Commission that it plans to resume hunting minke whales for scientific research in the Antarctic Ocean by the end of March 2016. The United Nations' International Court of Justice (ICJ) ruled in March 2014 that Japan's decades-old whale hunt in the Antarctic should stop, prompting Tokyo to cancel the bulk of its whaling for the 2014/2015 season. ICJ decisions were binding and cannot be appealed. ](/news/2015/11/28/japan-advises-the-international-whaling-commission-that-it-plans-to-resume-hunting-minke-whales-for-scientific-research-in-the-antarctic-oce.md) _Context: hunt, whale_
3. [The International Whaling Commission does not reach agreement on curbing whaling by Japan, Norway and Iceland in a meeting in Agadir, Morocco. ](/news/2010/06/23/the-international-whaling-commission-does-not-reach-agreement-on-curbing-whaling-by-japan-norway-and-iceland-in-a-meeting-in-agadir-morocc.md) _Context: Iceland, hunt_
4. [ Officials gather in Madeira to strike a deal on whaling, with Japan and Iceland likely to insist on their right to hunt. ](/news/2009/06/22/officials-gather-in-madeira-to-strike-a-deal-on-whaling-with-japan-and-iceland-likely-to-insist-on-their-right-to-hunt.md) _Context: Iceland, hunt_
5. [ Icelandic fisherman kill a Fin Whale, breaking the International Whaling Commission's ban on commercial whaling. ](/news/2006/10/22/icelandic-fisherman-kill-a-fin-whale-breaking-the-international-whaling-commission-s-ban-on-commercial-whaling.md) _Context: Iceland, hunt_
6. [ International Whaling Commission meeting in Ulsan, South Korea, does not support Japan's suggestion to resume coastal whaling or increase its own scientific one. Commission also voted down a request that Japan could catch 150 minke whales a year ](/news/2005/06/22/international-whaling-commission-meeting-in-ulsan-south-korea-does-not-support-japan-s-suggestion-to-resume-coastal-whaling-or-increase-i.md) _Context: hunt, whale_
7. [Iceland will vote for a new Althingi (parliament) on November 4 after the collapse of the previous government. ](/news/2017/09/16/iceland-will-vote-for-a-new-ala3-4ingi-parliament-on-november-4-after-the-collapse-of-the-previous-government.md) _Context: Iceland_
8. [A Japanese fleet returns home after hunting 333 whales in the Antarctic. The Japanese government states that the purpose was for research. ](/news/2017/03/31/a-japanese-fleet-returns-home-after-hunting-333-whales-in-the-antarctic-the-japanese-government-states-that-the-purpose-was-for-research.md) _Context: whale_
9. [The World Meteorological Organization (WMO) confirms a 19-meter wave (62.4 feet) recorded on 4 February 2013 in the Atlantic Ocean between Iceland and the United Kingdom is the largest ever on record. ](/news/2016/12/13/the-world-meteorological-organization-wmo-confirms-a-19-meter-wave-62-4-feet-recorded-on-4-february-2013-in-the-atlantic-ocean-between-i.md) _Context: Iceland_
10. [Iceland's incumbent, centre-right Independence Party surprised pollsters by winning 29 percent of the vote (21 seats), thereby putting leader Bjarni Benediktsson in position to organize another coalition government. The Progressive Party, the current ruling partner, garnered 11.5% and eight positions, a loss of 11 seats. The new Pirate Party didn't perform as predicted with 14.5% of the ballots, though it did get 10 seats, an increase of seven more positions in the 63-seat parliament (Althing). ](/news/2016/10/30/icelandas-incumbent-centre-right-independence-party-surprised-pollsters-by-winning-29-percent-of-the-vote-21-seats-thereby-putting-lea.md) _Context: Iceland_
