### [2003-08-17](/news/2003/08/17/index.md)

#  Saboteurs cause a series of explosions that damaged oil and water pipelines in Iraq.




### Related:

1. [ The Iraqi oil pipeline near Baiji catches fire, following two explosions](/news/2003/06/13/the-iraqi-oil-pipeline-near-baiji-catches-fire-following-two-explosions.md) _Context: Iraq, explosion, oil_
2. [ A bomb explosion kills at least 13 people and hurts 50 in the Ghazil pet market of Baghdad, Iraq. ](/news/2007/11/23/a-bomb-explosion-kills-at-least-13-people-and-hurts-50-in-the-ghazil-pet-market-of-baghdad-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, explosion_
3. [ Iraq insurgency: At least eight people are killed and thirty injured in two simultaneous explosions in Baghdad, Iraq. ](/news/2006/11/11/iraq-insurgency-at-least-eight-people-are-killed-and-thirty-injured-in-two-simultaneous-explosions-in-baghdad-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, explosion_
4. [ Bombs detonated against oil pipelines in Iraq result in the main Iraqi oil terminal being shut down for at least 10 days, an estimated revenue loss of USD 600 million to the Iraqi government. ](/news/2004/06/15/bombs-detonated-against-oil-pipelines-in-iraq-result-in-the-main-iraqi-oil-terminal-being-shut-down-for-at-least-10-days-an-estimated-reve.md) _Context: Iraq, oil_
5. [ Iraq: To open up its economy, the Iraq leadership council unveils sweeping free market reforms permitting foreign investment and imposes income taxes - but keeps oil under government control.](/news/2003/09/21/iraq-to-open-up-its-economy-the-iraq-leadership-council-unveils-sweeping-free-market-reforms-permitting-foreign-investment-and-imposes-in.md) _Context: Iraq, oil_
6. [ 2003 occupation of Iraq: 7 newly US-trained Iraqi policemen are killed and at least 13 are wounded by an explosion while they are marching from training school in Ramadi. The American forces overseeing the rebuilding of Iraq's infrastructure, who gave their blessing to the march taking place, blames loyalists to Saddam Hussein; some people on the scene blame U.S. forces. It is the first attack on Iraqis collaborating with the invading coalition forces, as opposed to on the forces themselves. ](/news/2003/07/5/2003-occupation-of-iraq-7-newly-us-trained-iraqi-policemen-are-killed-and-at-least-13-are-wounded-by-an-explosion-while-they-are-marching.md) _Context: Iraq, explosion_
7. [Seven people are killed and 13 are injured after suicide bombers hit a state-run power station near the northern city of Samarra, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/09/2/seven-people-are-killed-and-13-are-injured-after-suicide-bombers-hit-a-state-run-power-station-near-the-northern-city-of-samarra-iraq-the.md) _Context: Iraq_
8. [U.S. District Judge for the Eastern District of Michigan, Mark A. Goldsmith, halts for 90 days the mass deportation from the United States of more than 1,400 Iraqi nationals, including Chaldean Christians, to allow the plaintiffs time to appeal their cases. The American Civil Liberties Union petitioned for the injunction stating these people would face persecution in Iraq where they are considered ethnic and religious minorities. ](/news/2017/07/24/u-s-district-judge-for-the-eastern-district-of-michigan-mark-a-goldsmith-halts-for-90-days-the-mass-deportation-from-the-united-states-o.md) _Context: Iraq_
9. [The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five. ](/news/2017/06/19/the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2016-syria-colombia-afg.md) _Context: Iraq_
10. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Iraq_
