### [2012-11-26](/news/2012/11/26/index.md)

# NASA and Roscosmos announce that veteran spaceflyers Scott Kelly and Mikhail Korniyenko will carry out the first year-long mission to the International Space Station in 2015. 

NASA, the Russian Federal Space Agency (Roscosmos), and their international partners have selected two veteran spacefarers for a one-year mission aboard the International Space Station in 2015.


### Source:

1. [NASA](http://www.nasa.gov/home/hqnews/2012/nov/HQ_12-406_ISS_1-Year_Crew.html)

### Related:

1. [Three astronauts return from a mission to the International Space Station, Briton Tim Peake of the European Space Agency, Timothy Kopra of NASA and Russian cosmonaut Yuri Malenchenko. ](/news/2016/06/18/three-astronauts-return-from-a-mission-to-the-international-space-station-briton-tim-peake-of-the-european-space-agency-timothy-kopra-of-n.md) _Context: ISS, NASA, Russian_
2. [U.S. astronaut Scott Kelly and Russian cosmonaut Mikhail Korniyenko return to Earth after 340 days aboard the International Space Station (ISS). ](/news/2016/03/1/u-s-astronaut-scott-kelly-and-russian-cosmonaut-mikhail-korniyenko-return-to-earth-after-340-days-aboard-the-international-space-station-i.md) _Context: ISS, Mikhail Korniyenko, Scott Kelly_
3. [Soyuz TMA-16M launches carrying three crew members to the International Space Station. Russian cosmonaut Mikhail Korniyenko and American astronaut Scott Kelly begin a special year-long mission to test the effects of long-term habitation on the human body under conditions of micro gravity and radiation. ](/news/2015/03/27/soyuz-tma-16m-launches-carrying-three-crew-members-to-the-international-space-station-russian-cosmonaut-mikhail-korniyenko-and-american-ast.md) _Context: ISS, Mikhail Korniyenko, Scott Kelly_
4. [Peggy Whitson, commander of the International Space Station (ISS), breaks the record for most total days spent in space by any NASA astronaut, at more than 534 days. ](/news/2017/04/24/peggy-whitson-commander-of-the-international-space-station-iss-breaks-the-record-for-most-total-days-spent-in-space-by-any-nasa-astronau.md) _Context: ISS, NASA_
5. [NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough and ESA astronaut Thomas Pesquet take a spacewalk outside of the International Space Station to prepare the vessel for new arrivals. ](/news/2017/03/24/nasa-astronaut-shane-kimbrough-and-esa-astronaut-thomas-pesquet-take-a-spacewalk-outside-of-the-international-space-station-to-prepare-the-v.md) _Context: ISS, NASA_
6. [NASA's Orbital ATK Antares 230 rocket launches carrying an unmanned resupply spacecraft, the Cygnus CRS OA-5 cargo ship, to the International Space Station from NASA's Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia. The mission returns the Antares rocket to flight after an anomaly on October 28, 2014, caused an Antares-series rocket to explode seconds after liftoff. ](/news/2016/10/17/nasa-s-orbital-atk-antares-230-rocket-launches-carrying-an-unmanned-resupply-spacecraft-the-cygnus-crs-oa-5-cargo-ship-to-the-internationa.md) _Context: ISS, NASA_
7. [SpaceX  launches a NASA cargo run to the International Space Station, and in a spaceflight first, successfully lands its reusable main-stage booster on an autonomous spaceport drone ship. ](/news/2016/04/8/spacex-launches-a-nasa-cargo-run-to-the-international-space-station-and-in-a-spaceflight-first-successfully-lands-its-reusable-main-stage.md) _Context: ISS, NASA_
8. [Astronaut Scott Kelly announces his retirement from NASA effective April 1. Kelly holds the record for the American who has spent the most time in space. ](/news/2016/03/11/astronaut-scott-kelly-announces-his-retirement-from-nasa-effective-april-1-kelly-holds-the-record-for-the-american-who-has-spent-the-most-t.md) _Context: NASA, Scott Kelly_
9. [Following the previous explosion of Orbital Sciences' Cygnus CRS Orb-3 on October 28, 2014, an unmanned Atlas V 401 rocket carrying Orbital ATK's Cygnus CRS Orb-4 resupply mission to NASA's International Space Station launches from Cape Canaveral in the U.S. state of Florida. The mission includes 7,380 pounds of cargo. ](/news/2015/12/6/following-the-previous-explosion-of-orbital-sciences-cygnus-crs-orb-3-on-october-28-2014-an-unmanned-atlas-v-401-rocket-carrying-orbital.md) _Context: ISS, NASA_
10. [The Soyuz TMA-19M, consisting of Expedition 46 crew members Yuri Malenchenko (RSA), Timothy Kopra (NASA) and Tim Peake (ESA), launches from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan for the International Space Station (ISS) with Peake becoming the first Briton to represent the European Space Agency at the ISS. ](/news/2015/12/15/the-soyuz-tma-19m-consisting-of-expedition-46-crew-members-yuri-malenchenko-rsa-timothy-kopra-nasa-and-tim-peake-esa-launches-from.md) _Context: ISS, NASA_
