### [2006-10-25](/news/2006/10/25/index.md)

#  Brigadier Mick Slater, the commander of Australian troops in East Timor warns that a humanitarian disaster could happen in that nation, unless housing for refugees fleeing the unrest in Dili can be arranged before the approaching wet season. 




### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/newsitems/200610/s1772923.htm)

### Related:

1. [Kirsty Sword Gusmo, wife of East Timor's Prime Minister, backed by head of East Timor's child protection agency Carmen da Cruz, demands Australian woman Lala Noronha return to Dili 15 Timorese teenagers she has in Malaysia. However, the youths have stated that they do not want to go back. ](/news/2010/03/22/kirsty-sword-gusmao-wife-of-east-timor-s-prime-minister-backed-by-head-of-east-timor-s-child-protection-agency-carmen-da-cruz-demands-aus.md) _Context: Australia, Dili, East Timor_
2. [Australia and East Timor settle a dispute between the two countries in the Timor Sea. ](/news/2017/09/2/australia-and-east-timor-settle-a-dispute-between-the-two-countries-in-the-timor-sea.md) _Context: Australia, East Timor_
3. [Australian Immigration Minister Peter Dutton says Australia and Papua New Guinea will hold emergency talks next week about asylum seekers Australia has been holding on PNG's Los Negros Island in Manus Province. Tuesday, the Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea ruled this detention is illegal, and ordered the PNG and Australian governments to immediately take steps to end it. An Iranian refugee detainee remains in critical condition after setting himself on fire yesterday to protest Australia's treatment of refugees while the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees was visiting the island. ](/news/2016/04/28/australian-immigration-minister-peter-dutton-says-australia-and-papua-new-guinea-will-hold-emergency-talks-next-week-about-asylum-seekers-au.md) _Context: Australia, refugee_
4. [A ship capsizes off the island of Java carrying refugees from Indonesia to Australia. Thirty people are missing and 22 bodies have been recovered, with 31 survivors rescued. ](/news/2013/09/27/a-ship-capsizes-off-the-island-of-java-carrying-refugees-from-indonesia-to-australia-thirty-people-are-missing-and-22-bodies-have-been-reco.md) _Context: Australia, refugee_
5. [ A standoff occurs at Dili Airport as to whether jailed former Government Minister Rogerio Lobato can leave East Timor for medical treatment in Malaysia. [http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/08/09/2000939.htm (ABC News Australia)] Mobs burn hundreds of houses in pro-Fretilin areas between Viqueque and Baucau in protest at the appointment of Xanana GusmGBPo as the Prime Minister of East Timor with 60 people arrested in Baucau](/news/2007/08/9/a-standoff-occurs-at-dili-airport-as-to-whether-jailed-former-government-minister-rogerio-lobato-can-leave-east-timor-for-medical-treatment.md) _Context: Dili, East Timor_
6. [ Australian troops enter the town of Same in East Timor where fugitive East Timorese army officer Alfredo Reinado was located with orders to arrest Reinado from the President of East Timor Xanana GusmGBPo. Reinado evades capture but five of his men are killed in the Battle of Same. ](/news/2007/03/4/australian-troops-enter-the-town-of-same-in-east-timor-where-fugitive-east-timorese-army-officer-alfredo-reinado-was-located-with-orders-to.md) _Context: Australia, East Timor_
7. [ East Timor rebel leader Alfredo Reinhado and 56 other prisoners escape from a jail in the capital Dili, throwing the troubled nation back into turmoil. ](/news/2006/08/30/east-timor-rebel-leader-alfredo-reinhado-and-56-other-prisoners-escape-from-a-jail-in-the-capital-dili-throwing-the-troubled-nation-back-i.md) _Context: Dili, East Timor_
8. [ Australia calls for more South East Asian troops and police to help quell civil unrest in East Timor. ](/news/2006/06/5/australia-calls-for-more-south-east-asian-troops-and-police-to-help-quell-civil-unrest-in-east-timor.md) _Context: Australia, East Timor_
9. [ An angry mob in Dili, East Timor, attacks a refugee camp as the 2006 East Timor crisis continues. ](/news/2006/06/28/an-angry-mob-in-dili-east-timor-attacks-a-refugee-camp-as-the-2006-east-timor-crisis-continues.md) _Context: Dili, East Timor_
10. [ Disgruntled former soldiers and government troops clash in East Timor, leading to at least two deaths in Dili. Australians evacuate as violence escalates. ](/news/2006/05/24/disgruntled-former-soldiers-and-government-troops-clash-in-east-timor-leading-to-at-least-two-deaths-in-dili-australians-evacuate-as-viol.md) _Context: Dili, East Timor_
