### [2012-11-27](/news/2012/11/27/index.md)

# French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius announces that France intends to vote in favor of upgrading Palestine's status at the United Nations from permanent observer as the Palestinian Liberation Organization to a non-member observer state.  The vote is scheduled to be held later this week. 

France confirms it intends to vote in favour of the Palestinian bid for recognition as a non-member observer state at the United Nations.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-20514194)

### Related:

1. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: France, United Nations_
2. [Laurent Fabius, the Foreign Minister of France, summons the United States ambassador over allegations of US spying on millions of French phone calls reported in ''Le Monde''. ](/news/2013/10/21/laurent-fabius-the-foreign-minister-of-france-summons-the-united-states-ambassador-over-allegations-of-us-spying-on-millions-of-french-pho.md) _Context: Foreign Minister of France, Laurent Fabius_
3. [A French court clears oil company Total S.A., its chief executive and over a dozen defendants of corruption charges related to the United Nations oil-for-food programme in Iraq. ](/news/2013/07/8/a-french-court-clears-oil-company-total-s-a-its-chief-executive-and-over-a-dozen-defendants-of-corruption-charges-related-to-the-united-na.md) _Context: France, United Nations_
4. [France rejects criticism from the United Nations Committee on the Elimination of Discrimination over its Romani removal strategy. ](/news/2010/08/27/france-rejects-criticism-from-the-united-nations-committee-on-the-elimination-of-discrimination-over-its-romani-removal-strategy.md) _Context: France, United Nations_
5. [The United Nations condemns France's crackdown on 40 gypsy camps. ](/news/2010/08/12/the-united-nations-condemns-france-s-crackdown-on-40-gypsy-camps.md) _Context: France, United Nations_
6. [The United States vetoes a United Nations Security Council resolution aimed at stopping Israeli airstrikes against Gaza. UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and the United Kingdom, European Union, Russia, France, and China all call for a ceasefire. ](/news/2008/12/28/the-united-states-vetoes-a-united-nations-security-council-resolution-aimed-at-stopping-israeli-airstrikes-against-gaza-un-secretary-genera.md) _Context: France, United Nations_
7. [ France calls for a joint force of United Nations and European Union peacekeepers in parts of Chad and the Central African Republic bordering the Darfur region of Sudan. ](/news/2007/09/19/france-calls-for-a-joint-force-of-united-nations-and-european-union-peacekeepers-in-parts-of-chad-and-the-central-african-republic-borderin.md) _Context: France, United Nations_
8. [ France circulates a draft United Nations Security Council resolution extending the mandate of the 13,600 United Nations peacekeeping force in Lebanon. ](/news/2007/08/17/france-circulates-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-extending-the-mandate-of-the-13-600-united-nations-peacekeeping-force.md) _Context: France, United Nations_
9. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict:  Italy offers to lead the United Nations peacekeeping forces in Lebanon instead of France. Italy has offered to provide 2,000 forces, more than any other nation, and France is only offering to provide 200 civil engineers. ](/news/2006/08/21/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-p-italy-offers-to-lead-the-united-nations-peacekeeping-forces-in-lebanon-instead-of-france-italy-has-offered.md) _Context: France, United Nations_
10. [ West African leaders call for the strengthening of United Nations peacekeeping force to ensure efforts to end the three year civil war in Cote d'Ivoire pay off. A total 6,640 peacekeepers are currently serving in the UN force, which is under Senegalese command, monitoring the buffer zone between the north and south with the help of 4,000 French troops. ](/news/2005/10/3/west-african-leaders-call-for-the-strengthening-of-united-nations-peacekeeping-force-to-ensure-efforts-to-end-the-three-year-civil-war-in-c.md) _Context: France, United Nations_
