### [2012-11-27](/news/2012/11/27/index.md)

# The remains of Yasser Arafat are exhumed as part of an investigation into how the Palestinian leader died in November 2004. 

The remains of Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat are exhumed in Ramallah so experts can investigate allegations that he was poisoned.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-20501945)

### Related:

1. [A French probe into the death of former Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat in 2004 closes without bringing any new information. ](/news/2015/09/2/a-french-probe-into-the-death-of-former-palestinian-leader-yasser-arafat-in-2004-closes-without-bringing-any-new-information.md) _Context: Palestinian, Yasser Arafat_
2. [Reports indicate that Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat had high levels of polonium in his body when he died. ](/news/2013/11/8/reports-indicate-that-palestinian-leader-yasser-arafat-had-high-levels-of-polonium-in-his-body-when-he-died.md) _Context: Palestinian, Yasser Arafat_
3. [Palestinian officials announce the body of former leader Yasser Arafat will be exhumed to investigate whether his death in Paris in 2004 was caused by poisoning. ](/news/2012/11/24/palestinian-officials-announce-the-body-of-former-leader-yasser-arafat-will-be-exhumed-to-investigate-whether-his-death-in-paris-in-2004-was.md) _Context: Palestinian, Yasser Arafat_
4. [The Qatari-owned satellite channel, Al Jazeera, reports that traces of radioactive polonium-210 have been found in some personal effects of former PLO Chairman Yasser Arafat, who died in 2004; the PLO and Arafat's widow agree to his exhumation to investigate if he had been poisoned. ](/news/2012/07/4/the-qatari-owned-satellite-channel-al-jazeera-reports-that-traces-of-radioactive-polonium-210-have-been-found-in-some-personal-effects-of.md) _Context: Yasser Arafat, exhumed_
5. [ Road map for peace: Ahmed Qurei, who was nominated as Palestinian prime minister by the head of the Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat, accepts the position (pending the approval of the parliament). He had originally said there was no reason to form a new government unless "Israel wants to change its hostile attitude."](/news/2003/09/8/road-map-for-peace-ahmed-qurei-who-was-nominated-as-palestinian-prime-minister-by-the-head-of-the-palestinian-authority-yasser-arafat-a.md) _Context: Palestinian, Yasser Arafat_
6. [ Road map for peace: Israeli Defense Minister Shaul Mofaz states he favors expelling Palestinian President Yasser Arafat by the end of the year, because Arafat is obstructing the United States led peace plan. Arafat denies the statement and says he backs the peace plan (though he refuses to release control of Palestinian security services to reformer Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas to stop militant group attacks as mandated by the plan). Palestinian leaders call Defense Minister's remarks inflammatory.](/news/2003/09/2/road-map-for-peace-israeli-defense-minister-shaul-mofaz-states-he-favors-expelling-palestinian-president-yasser-arafat-by-the-end-of-the-y.md) _Context: Palestinian, Yasser Arafat_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat calls on militant groups to reinstate a ceasefire they formally ended last week after a Hamas leader was killed by Israeli gunships.](/news/2003/08/27/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-leader-yasser-arafat-calls-on-militant-groups-to-reinstate-a-ceasefire-they-formally-ended-last-w.md) _Context: Palestinian, Yasser Arafat_
8. [An Israeli soldier is killed during a car ramming attack near Ofra, in the West Bank. Another Israeli soldier was injured. A Palestinian suspected of committing the attack is taken into custody. ](/news/2017/04/6/an-israeli-soldier-is-killed-during-a-car-ramming-attack-near-ofra-in-the-west-bank-another-israeli-soldier-was-injured-a-palestinian-sus.md) _Context: Palestinian_
9. [ A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-pa.md) _Context: Palestinian_
10. [Israeli authorities shoot into a car that was on a ramming attack at a bus shelter at the Gush Etzion Junction in the West Bank where 13 Palestinians and 3 Israelis have been killed since October 2015. A 16-year-old Palestinian, Fatima Jibrin Taqatqa, had lost control of her car and the teenager now remains in critical condition. ](/news/2017/03/15/israeli-authorities-shoot-into-a-car-that-was-on-a-ramming-attack-at-a-bus-shelter-at-the-gush-etzion-junction-in-the-west-bank-where-13-pal.md) _Context: Palestinian_
