### [2012-11-27](/news/2012/11/27/index.md)

# The eurozone will pay out of 43.7 billion euros in loans to Greece from December 13 for reducing Greece's debt. 

* EU-IMF agree on cutting Greek debt-to-GDP level* Aim is to reduce Greek debt to 124 percent of GDP by 2020* Interest on loans to be cut, ma


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/11/27/eurogroup-greece-u-idUSL5E8MQFFE20121127)

### Related:

1. [Greek government-debt crisis: Eurozone finance ministers reject a request by Greece to extend debt negotiations past Tuesday's deadline. ](/news/2015/06/27/greek-government-debt-crisis-eurozone-finance-ministers-reject-a-request-by-greece-to-extend-debt-negotiations-past-tuesday-s-deadline.md) _Context: Eurozone, Greek, Greek government-debt crisis_
2. [Greek financial crisis: The Eurozone agrees to a -10.3 billion ($11.48 billion) bailout package for Greece. ](/news/2016/05/25/greek-financial-crisis-the-eurozone-agrees-to-a-10-3-billion-11-48-billion-bailout-package-for-greece.md) _Context: Eurozone, Greek_
3. [The Parliament of Finland holds a debate on whether or not to abandon the Euro as its currency following a petition that garnered enough signatures to force the issue into parliament. This comes as Finland as dealing with a weakening economy but the petition is unlikely to lead to the country leaving the Eurozone. ](/news/2016/04/28/the-parliament-of-finland-holds-a-debate-on-whether-or-not-to-abandon-the-euro-as-its-currency-following-a-petition-that-garnered-enough-sig.md) _Context: EUR, Eurozone_
4. [Greek government-debt crisis: Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greek-government-debt-crisis-greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-s.md) _Context: Greek, Greek government-debt crisis_
5. [Greek government-debt crisis: A new study shows Greece's six-year austerity program is even affecting prostitution. Gregory Laxos, a sociology professor at the Panteion University in Athens, told the "Times of London" the going rate for sex with a prostitute was 50 euros ($53) when the economic crisis began. Now, it-s fallen to as low as two euros ($2.12) for a 30-minute session, or to a cheese pie, a sandwich because they are hungry. ](/news/2015/11/27/greek-government-debt-crisis-a-new-study-shows-greece-s-six-year-austerity-program-is-even-affecting-prostitution-gregory-laxos-a-sociolo.md) _Context: Greek, Greek government-debt crisis_
6. [Greek government-debt crisis: The Bundestag votes to approve a third bailout for Greece. ](/news/2015/08/19/greek-government-debt-crisis-the-bundestag-votes-to-approve-a-third-bailout-for-greece.md) _Context: Greek, Greek government-debt crisis_
7. [timeline: Eurozone leaders agree on a bailout deal for Greece providing the Hellenic Parliament passes reforms into law by July 15. ](/news/2015/07/13/timeline-eurozone-leaders-agree-on-a-bailout-deal-for-greece-providing-the-hellenic-parliament-passes-reforms-into-law-by-july-15.md) _Context: Eurozone, Greek_
8. [Greek government-debt crisis: Greece becomes the first advanced economy to miss a payment to the International Monetary Fund in the 71-year history of the IMF, unwinding decades of precedent and affecting consequences for the fund's future rescues. ](/news/2015/07/1/greek-government-debt-crisis-greece-becomes-the-first-advanced-economy-to-miss-a-payment-to-the-international-monetary-fund-in-the-71-year.md) _Context: Greek, Greek government-debt crisis_
9. [Greek government-debt crisis: The Greek bailout program by the European Union ends today with Greece failing to make a payment to the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2015/06/30/greek-government-debt-crisis-the-greek-bailout-program-by-the-european-union-ends-today-with-greece-failing-to-make-a-payment-to-the-intern.md) _Context: Greek, Greek government-debt crisis_
10. [Greek government-debt crisis: The BBC reports that the European Central Bank will cap lending to Greece's struggling banks, causing the run on the nation's banks to become even worse. Next week a referendum will be held about leaving the Euro currency. ](/news/2015/06/28/greek-government-debt-crisis-the-bbc-reports-that-the-european-central-bank-will-cap-lending-to-greece-s-struggling-banks-causing-the-run.md) _Context: Greek, Greek government-debt crisis_
