### [2012-04-2](/news/2012/04/2/index.md)

# On the 30th anniversary of the Falklands War between the United Kingdom and Argentina, Argentina threatens action against United States and United Kingdom banks, while UK Prime Minister David Cameron calls Argentina's 1982 invasion "a profound wrong". 

British PM fires salvo on 30th anniversary of Falklands War amid reports that Argentina may sue banks funding oil drill.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/americas/2012/04/20124204837821154.html)

### Related:

1. [Falkland Islands sovereignty dispute. A United Nations commission rules in favour of Argentina to expand its maritime territory in the South Atlantic Ocean by 35% to include the Falkland Islands and beyond despite Argentina and the United Kingdom still having an unresolved dispute over the islands. ](/news/2016/03/29/falkland-islands-sovereignty-dispute-a-united-nations-commission-rules-in-favour-of-argentina-to-expand-its-maritime-territory-in-the-south.md) _Context: Argentina, Britain, dispute_
2. [Human rights in China. Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/human-rights-in-china-nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-chart.md) _Context: Britain, United States_
3. [American consumer goods company Post Holdings agrees to acquire British cereal maker Weetabix Limited from China's Bright Food for $1.8 billion. ](/news/2017/04/18/american-consumer-goods-company-post-holdings-agrees-to-acquire-british-cereal-maker-weetabix-limited-from-china-s-bright-food-for-1-8-bill.md) _Context: Britain, United States_
4. [Syrian Civil War. Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/syrian-civil-war-russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-u.md) _Context: Britain, United States_
5. [Yemeni Crisis. The United States and the United Kingdom call for, "within hours," an immediate and unconditional ceasefire in Yemen to end the violence following last week's Saudi airstrikes, based on bad information, that killed around 140 people. ](/news/2016/10/16/yemeni-crisis-the-united-states-and-the-united-kingdom-call-for-within-hours-an-immediate-and-unconditional-ceasefire-in-yemen-to-end-t.md) _Context: Britain, United States_
6. [Syrian Civil War. The United States, United Kingdom, and France seek a meeting of the United Nations Security Council to discuss the declining security situation in Aleppo. ](/news/2016/09/25/syrian-civil-war-the-united-states-united-kingdom-and-france-seek-a-meeting-of-the-united-nations-security-council-to-discuss-the-declini.md) _Context: Britain, United States_
7. [The United Kingdom agrees to allow alleged hacker Lauri Love to be extradited to the United States. ](/news/2016/09/16/the-united-kingdom-agrees-to-allow-alleged-hacker-lauri-love-to-be-extradited-to-the-united-states.md) _Context: Britain, United States_
8. [Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016. The process to elect a new leader of the Conservative Party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron begins in the United Kingdom. The Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb is the first Conservative Party politician to announce his official candidacy for leader. ](/news/2016/06/29/conservative-party-uk-leadership-election-2016-the-process-to-elect-a-new-leader-of-the-conservative-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-min.md) _Context: Britain, David Cameron_
9. [United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016. The United Kingdom votes, 52% to 48%, to leave the European Union. Prime Minister David Cameron, who called the referendum three years ago, announces his resignation indicating he will leave office by October. ](/news/2016/06/24/united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-the-united-kingdom-votes-52-to-48-to-leave-the-european-union-prime-minister.md) _Context: Britain, David Cameron_
10. [Threatening robocalls lead to mass evacuation of students in the United States and United Kingdom. None of the threats were found to be credible but disrupted General Certificate of Secondary Education tests in the UK. ](/news/2016/05/23/threatening-robocalls-lead-to-mass-evacuation-of-students-in-the-united-states-and-united-kingdom-none-of-the-threats-were-found-to-be-cred.md) _Context: Britain, United States_
