### [2012-04-2](/news/2012/04/2/index.md)

# The U.S. Federal Trade Commission allows the proposed merger of two large firms within the market for pharmacy benefit management, Express Scripts and Medco Health Solutions, despite the arguments of many that the degree of concentration that will create in the PBM market will prove unhealthy. 




### Source:

1. [FTC](http://www.ftc.gov/opa/2012/04/medco.shtm)

### Related:

1. [Uber agrees to pay $20 million to settle U.S. Federal Trade Commission claims the company exaggerated prospective earnings and downplayed the costs of buying/leasing a car when recruiting new drivers. ](/news/2017/01/19/uber-agrees-to-pay-20-million-to-settle-u-s-federal-trade-commission-claims-the-company-exaggerated-prospective-earnings-and-downplayed-th.md) _Context: U.S. Federal Trade Commission_
2. [The U.S. Federal Trade Commission gives the antitrust go ahead to Abbott Laboratories in its acquisition of St. Jude Medical. ](/news/2016/12/27/the-u-s-federal-trade-commission-gives-the-antitrust-go-ahead-to-abbott-laboratories-in-its-acquisition-of-st-jude-medical.md) _Context: U.S. Federal Trade Commission_
3. [The U.S. Federal Trade Commission files an anti-trust suit against Endo Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and several other drug companies for using pay-for-delay settlements to block consumers' access to lower-cost generic versions of pain medications, Opana ER and Lidoderm. ](/news/2016/03/31/the-u-s-federal-trade-commission-files-an-anti-trust-suit-against-endo-pharmaceuticals-inc-and-several-other-drug-companies-for-using-pa.md) _Context: U.S. Federal Trade Commission_
4. [U.S. Federal Communications Commissioner Michael O'Rielly says, during a speech at the American Action Forum, that Netflix's admission last week that it has been intentionally slowing its video streaming transmission on some wireless mobile carriers for five years "deeply disturbing" which might warrant an investigation by the Federal Trade Commission and/or Congress. ](/news/2016/03/29/u-s-federal-communications-commissioner-michael-o-rielly-says-during-a-speech-at-the-american-action-forum-that-netflix-s-admission-last.md) _Context: U.S. Federal Trade Commission_
5. [ The United States Federal Trade Commission (FTC) files an administrative complaint challenging office-supplies giant Staples' proposed $6.3 billion acquisition of top rival Office Depot. The FTC said the deal would significantly reduce national competition in the market for office supplies sold to large business customers. The companies plan to contest the FTC decision. ](/news/2015/12/7/the-united-states-federal-trade-commission-ftc-files-an-administrative-complaint-challenging-office-supplies-giant-staples-proposed-6-3.md) _Context: U.S. Federal Trade Commission_
6. [Reuters reports on the basis of "people familiar with the matter" that the U.S. Federal Trade Commission is close to bringing an antitrust lawsuit against Google over its dominance of the search engine market. ](/news/2012/10/13/reuters-reports-on-the-basis-of-people-familiar-with-the-matter-that-the-u-s-federal-trade-commission-is-close-to-bringing-an-antitrust-l.md) _Context: U.S. Federal Trade Commission_
7. [The United States Federal Trade Commission considers taking antitrust action against Google. ](/news/2011/04/5/the-united-states-federal-trade-commission-considers-taking-antitrust-action-against-google.md) _Context: U.S. Federal Trade Commission_
8. [Google agrees with the U.S. Federal Trade Commission to have an independent privacy audit every couple of years as a result of problems with the Google Buzz social network. ](/news/2011/03/31/google-agrees-with-the-u-s-federal-trade-commission-to-have-an-independent-privacy-audit-every-couple-of-years-as-a-result-of-problems-with.md) _Context: U.S. Federal Trade Commission_
9. [ The United States Federal Trade Commission issues regulations for writers of blogs. ](/news/2009/10/5/the-united-states-federal-trade-commission-issues-regulations-for-writers-of-blogs.md) _Context: U.S. Federal Trade Commission_
10. [ The United States Federal Trade Commission opens the National Do Not Call Registry. This registry gives consumers an opportunity to limit the telemarketing calls they receive. On October 1, 2003, when the National Do Not Call Registry became enforced, most telemarketers were required to remove the numbers on the registry from their call lists. See http://donotcall.gov/ or call 1-888 382-1222 for registration.,](/news/2003/06/27/the-united-states-federal-trade-commission-opens-the-national-do-not-call-registry-this-registry-gives-consumers-an-opportunity-to-limit-t.md) _Context: U.S. Federal Trade Commission_
