### [2006-08-29](/news/2006/08/29/index.md)

#  A magnitude-5.4 earthquake strikes off the Maluku Islands in Indonesia. Officials currently state that a tsunami is not possible, as their initial magnitude estimates have been downgraded. 




### Related:

1. [ A magnitude 7 earthquake in the Maluku Sea off the coast of Indonesia triggers a tsunami warning for North Maluku in Indonesia which is later cancelled. ](/news/2007/07/26/a-magnitude-7-earthquake-in-the-maluku-sea-off-the-coast-of-indonesia-triggers-a-tsunami-warning-for-north-maluku-in-indonesia-which-is-lat.md) _Context: Indonesia, Maluku Islands, earthquake, tsunami_
2. [The Meteorological, Climatological and Geophysical Agency of Indonesia (BMKG) and the Australian Bureau of Meteorology (BOM) issue tsunami warnings, after an undersea 7.9 magnitude earthquake strikes southwest of Sumatra, in the Indian Ocean. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-meteorological-climatological-and-geophysical-agency-of-indonesia-bmkg-and-the-australian-bureau-of-meteorology-bom-issue-tsunami-w.md) _Context: Indonesia, earthquake, tsunami_
3. [ A second major earthquake off the coast of Sumatra prompts tsunami warnings for Sri Lanka, India, Indonesia, Christmas Island and the Cocos Islands. ](/news/2007/09/13/a-second-major-earthquake-off-the-coast-of-sumatra-prompts-tsunami-warnings-for-sri-lanka-india-indonesia-christmas-island-and-the-cocos.md) _Context: Indonesia, earthquake, tsunami_
4. [ A major earthquake with a magnitude of 8.4 occurs off the west-coast of the island Sumatra, Indonesia. Sea level readings indicate a tsunami might follow and a tsunami watch is put in place for the whole of the Indian Ocean. ](/news/2007/09/12/a-major-earthquake-with-a-magnitude-of-8-4-occurs-off-the-west-coast-of-the-island-sumatra-indonesia-sea-level-readings-indicate-a-tsunam.md) _Context: Indonesia, earthquake, tsunami_
5. [ A powerful earthquake in northeastern Indonesia sparks a tsunami warning. ](/news/2007/02/20/a-powerful-earthquake-in-northeastern-indonesia-sparks-a-tsunami-warning.md) _Context: Indonesia, earthquake, tsunami_
6. [ 2005 Sumatran earthquake: An earthquake of moment magnitude 8.7 is reported off the west coast of North Sumatra, likely an aftershock of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake. Concerned about the threat of a tsunami, emergency evacuations begin in Malaysia, Thailand, and Sri Lanka, although no significant tsunami activity is reported. Indonesia's vice-president reports up to 2,000 deaths ](/news/2005/03/28/2005-sumatran-earthquake-an-earthquake-of-moment-magnitude-8-7-is-reported-off-the-west-coast-of-north-sumatra-likely-an-aftershock-of-th.md) _Context: Indonesia, earthquake, tsunami_
7. [ A series of moderate-intensity aftershocks rattle the Andaman and Nicobar Islands and Sumatra in Indonesia over a month after the region was devastated by a quake-generated tsunami. No casualties or damage is reported. ](/news/2005/01/29/a-series-of-moderate-intensity-aftershocks-rattle-the-andaman-and-nicobar-islands-and-sumatra-in-indonesia-over-a-month-after-the-region-wa.md) _Context: Indonesia, earthquake, tsunami_
8. [ An earthquake of magnitude 9.3, the strongest earthquake in 40 years, strikes in the Indian Ocean off the western coast of Sumatra. While initial reports state that the resulting tsunamis killed approximately 100 people, by the end of the day 250,000 people in coastal areas of Thailand, Sri Lanka, the Maldives, India, Bangladesh, Burma, Indonesia and Malaysia had been reported dead or missing. Tremors are also felt as far as Singapore, eastern countries of Africa, and north-western Australia. A state of emergency is declared in Sri Lanka, where over 31,000 people are feared dead. ](/news/2004/12/26/an-earthquake-of-magnitude-9-3-the-strongest-earthquake-in-40-years-strikes-in-the-indian-ocean-off-the-western-coast-of-sumatra-while-i.md) _Context: Indonesia, earthquake, tsunami_
9. [A 7.7 magnitude earthquake strikes off Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula, west of the Alaskan Aleutian Island of Attu, in the North Pacific Ocean. No immediate reports of casualties or damage; a tsunami warning was cancelled. ](/news/2017/07/18/a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-off-russia-s-kamchatka-peninsula-west-of-the-alaskan-aleutian-island-of-attu-in-the-north-pacific-ocean.md) _Context: earthquake, tsunami_
10. [A 6.8 earthquake strikes off the coast of Mindanao, Philippines triggering tsunami warnings. ](/news/2017/04/28/a-6-8-earthquake-strikes-off-the-coast-of-mindanao-philippines-triggering-tsunami-warnings.md) _Context: earthquake, tsunami_
