### [2006-08-29](/news/2006/08/29/index.md)

#  Israel must lift its blockade of Lebanon soon, UN chief Kofi Annan tells Israel's defence minister.

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [ABC News America](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory?id=2370677&CMP=OTC-RSSFeeds0312)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/5296314.stm)

### Related:

1. [ UN Secretary General Kofi Annan has expressed deep concern over Saturday's Israeli commando raid deep inside Lebanon, calling it a truce violation. ](/news/2006/08/20/un-secretary-general-kofi-annan-has-expressed-deep-concern-over-saturday-s-israeli-commando-raid-deep-inside-lebanon-calling-it-a-truce-vi.md) _Context: Israel, Kofi Annan, Lebanon, UN_
2. [ Hostilities between Israel and Hezbollah militants in Lebanon must stop immediately, UN Secretary General Kofi Annan has said.](/news/2006/07/20/hostilities-between-israel-and-hezbollah-militants-in-lebanon-must-stop-immediately-un-secretary-general-kofi-annan-has-said.md) _Context: Israel, Kofi Annan, Lebanon, UN_
3. [ Israeli defense minister Amir Peretz says flights over Lebanon will continue until UN Security Council Resolution 1701 is fully implemented. ](/news/2006/10/22/israeli-defense-minister-amir-peretz-says-flights-over-lebanon-will-continue-until-un-security-council-resolution-1701-is-fully-implemented.md) _Context: Amir Peretz, Israel, Lebanon_
4. [ Israel has rebuffed a UN call for an international monitoring force to be deployed in Lebanon as it continued to attack the country.](/news/2006/07/17/israel-has-rebuffed-a-un-call-for-an-international-monitoring-force-to-be-deployed-in-lebanon-as-it-continued-to-attack-the-country.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon, UN_
5. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
6. [A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-national-defence-force.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
7. [A massive sandstorm hits Lebanon and Syria as well as Jordan, Israel and Egypt. The Lebanese Health Ministry said the storm caused the deaths of two women, and sent hundreds to hospitals with breathing difficulties. Particularly hard hit were the 1.1 million Syrian refugees in Lebanon, many in flimsy tents in informal campsites. ](/news/2015/09/8/a-massive-sandstorm-hits-lebanon-and-syria-as-well-as-jordan-israel-and-egypt-the-lebanese-health-ministry-said-the-storm-caused-the-death.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
8. [A 72-hour ceasefire brokered by the UN and USA which began at 08:00 falls apart with each side accusing the other party of breaching the ceasefire. An Israeli soldier is kidnapped and several killed during a suicide bomber attack at 09:30, according to Israeli officials. 91 Palestinians were killed in the city of Rafah south of Gaza according to the Gaza Officials since the Israeli soldier was captured. The UN and USA strongly condemn the attack. The ceasefire was cancelled. ](/news/2014/08/1/a-72-hour-ceasefire-brokered-by-the-un-and-usa-which-began-at-08-00-falls-apart-with-each-side-accusing-the-other-party-of-breaching-the-cea.md) _Context: Israel, UN_
9. [Two rockets are launched at Israel from Lebanon. Israel fires 20 artillery shells into Lebanon in retaliation. ](/news/2013/12/29/two-rockets-are-launched-at-israel-from-lebanon-israel-fires-20-artillery-shells-into-lebanon-in-retaliation.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
10. [Four Israeli soldiers are wounded by a landmine near the Lebanese border. ](/news/2013/08/7/four-israeli-soldiers-are-wounded-by-a-landmine-near-the-lebanese-border.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanon_
