### [2006-08-29](/news/2006/08/29/index.md)

#  Residents in south Florida prepare for Tropical Storm Ernesto with concerns that the storm could again strengthen and become a hurricane after it leaves Cuba. 




### Source:

1. [Boston Globe](http://www.boston.com/news/nation/articles/2006/08/29/floridians_stock_food_gasoline_as_storm_nears)

### Related:

1. [The first cruise ship in more than a half-century bound for Havana from the United States leaves Miami, Florida, at about 4:24 p.m. EDT. Carnival Cruise Line's 704-passenger Adonia was able to set sail for the northern Caribbean country after Cuba, April 22, loosened its policy banning Cuban-born people from traveling to the country by sea. ](/news/2016/05/1/the-first-cruise-ship-in-more-than-a-half-century-bound-for-havana-from-the-united-states-leaves-miami-florida-at-about-4-24-p-m-edt-car.md) _Context: Cuba, Florida_
2. [ Hurricane Gustav reaches hurricane strength en route to the Cayman Islands, Cuba and the Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2008/08/29/hurricane-gustav-reaches-hurricane-strength-en-route-to-the-cayman-islands-cuba-and-the-gulf-of-mexico.md) _Context: Cuba, hurricane_
3. [ 2008 Atlantic Hurricane season: The Governor of Florida Charlie Crist declares a state of emergency as Tropical Storm Fay is due to hit Florida on Monday, possibly at hurricane strength. ](/news/2008/08/16/2008-atlantic-hurricane-season-the-governor-of-florida-charlie-crist-declares-a-state-of-emergency-as-tropical-storm-fay-is-due-to-hit-flo.md) _Context: Florida, hurricane_
4. [ Cuba-United States relations: The United States Coast Guard stages an exercise in Florida in preparation for a possible mass exodus from Cuba in the event of the death of Cuban leader Fidel Castro. During the drill 40 Cuban exiles reach the United States. ](/news/2007/03/9/cuba-united-states-relations-the-united-states-coast-guard-stages-an-exercise-in-florida-in-preparation-for-a-possible-mass-exodus-from-cu.md) _Context: Cuba, Florida_
5. [ Hurricane Ernesto becomes the first hurricane of the 2006 Atlantic hurricane season. Jeb Bush later declares a state of emergency due to its possible impact on Florida later in the week. ](/news/2006/08/27/hurricane-ernesto-becomes-the-first-hurricane-of-the-2006-atlantic-hurricane-season-jeb-bush-later-declares-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-it.md) _Context: Florida, Tropical Storm Ernesto_
6. [ Hurricane Wilma hits South Florida with Category 3 and makes landfall.](/news/2005/10/24/hurricane-wilma-hits-south-florida-with-category-3-and-makes-landfall.md) _Context: Florida, hurricane_
7. [ Hurricane Dennis, the first hurricane of the 2005 Atlantic hurricane season, approaches Cuba. It is heading towards the Gulf Coast of the United States, with landfall expected on Sunday or Monday. [http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/text/refresh/MIATCPAT4+shtml/ (NOAA)] (Wikinews)](/news/2005/07/8/hurricane-dennis-the-first-hurricane-of-the-2005-atlantic-hurricane-season-approaches-cuba-it-is-heading-towards-the-gulf-coast-of-the-u.md) _Context: Cuba, hurricane_
8. [Irma has killed at least 14 people. The storm, still at Category 5 strength with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h), is moving west-northwest at 16 mph (26 km/h). It has reached the dual-country island of Hispaniola and is forecast to pass over the Turks and Caicos Islands as it heads towards The Bahamas and Cuba. The eye did not directly hit Puerto Rico; still casualties are reported and around two-thirds of its 3.4 million population are without electricity. ](/news/2017/09/7/irma-has-killed-at-least-14-people-the-storm-still-at-category-5-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-175-mph-280-km-h-is-moving-we.md) _Context: Cuba_
9. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-km-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: Florida_
10. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: hurricane_
