### [2006-09-20](/news/2006/09/20/index.md)

#  2006 protests in Hungary: A second night of violence in the capital Budapest leaves nearly 60 people injured and leads to 100 arrests as police clash with demonstrators seeking the resignation of Prime Minister Ferenc Gyurcsny. 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/articlenews.aspx?type=newsOne&storyID=2006-09-20T090502Z_01_L18648256_RTRUKOC_0_US-HUNGARY.xml&WTmodLoc=Home-C2-TopNews-newsOne-5)

### Related:

1. [ 2006 protests in Hungary: Peaceful demonstrations began in Budapest and several cities of the countryside against the government in Hungary. On September 17th, 2006, an audio recording surfaced from a closed floor meeting after the Hungarian Socialist Party won the elections and before they announced several restraints on which Prime Minister Gyurcsny said, that "[...] Evidently, we lied throughout the last year-and-a-half, two years. It was totally clear that what we are saying is not true. [...]" Demonstrators demand a new election. ](/news/2006/09/18/2006-protests-in-hungary-p-peaceful-demonstrations-began-in-budapest-and-several-cities-of-the-countryside-against-the-government-in-hungar.md) _Context: Budapest, Ferenc Gyurcsány, crowds of about 1,000 demonstrators_
2. [ 2006 protests in Hungary: demonstrations continue in Hungary peacefully to enforce the resignation of the Gyurcsny-government. The demonstrators expressed their regret on the vandalism done at the Hungarian Television's headquarters last night. In the meantime, farmers announced that they will close roads in the countryside and around Budapest. ](/news/2006/09/19/2006-protests-in-hungary-demonstrations-continue-in-hungary-peacefully-to-enforce-the-resignation-of-the-gyurcsany-government-the-demonst.md) _Context: Budapest, crowds of about 1,000 demonstrators_
3. [A terror bombing occurs in Budapest, Hungary, with two injuries reported. ](/news/2016/09/24/a-terror-bombing-occurs-in-budapest-hungary-with-two-injuries-reported.md) _Context: Budapest_
4. [Researchers from Konkoly Observatory  in Budapest, Hungary, reveal that (225088) 2007 OR10 is the third largest dwarf planet in the solar system. ](/news/2016/05/12/researchers-from-konkoly-observatory-in-budapest-hungary-reveal-that-225088-2007-or10-is-the-third-largest-dwarf-planet-in-the-solar-sy.md) _Context: Budapest_
5. [Following the Obama Administration's pledge of additional Special Operations troops to Iraq, several members of Iraq's ruling alliance state that only the Iraqi Parliament can authorize the action, and political associates of Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi report such a troop expansion would be unacceptable. Several members of Iraqi militias have also decried a deployment of more U.S. troops. During the pull out from Iraq, president Obama promised there would be no more "boots on the ground" in Iraq again. ](/news/2015/12/3/following-the-obama-administration-s-pledge-of-additional-special-operations-troops-to-iraq-several-members-of-iraqas-ruling-alliance-sta.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
6. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met today in Berlin with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu regarding the recent spate of violence between Palestinians and Israelis. Kerry will meet on Saturday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and King Abdullah of Jordan in Amman. ](/news/2015/10/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-met-today-in-berlin-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-regarding-the-recent-spate-of-violence.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
7. [Chinese Vice-Premier Li Keqiang travels to Budapest and holds talks with Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban. ](/news/2012/05/2/chinese-vice-premier-li-keqiang-travels-to-budapest-and-holds-talks-with-hungarian-prime-minister-viktor-orba-n.md) _Context: Budapest_
8. [United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is in Budapest today. ](/news/2011/06/30/united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-is-in-budapest-today.md) _Context: Budapest_
9. [Ferenc Madl, the President of Hungary (2000-2005), dies in Budapest. ](/news/2011/05/29/ferenc-ma-dl-the-president-of-hungary-2000-2005-dies-in-budapest.md) _Context: Budapest_
10. [2010-2011 Tunisian protests:Thousands of protesters defy curfew and march in Tunis, camping outside the government's main office complex and demanding that the Prime Minister and the old guard that served under former President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, step down. ](/news/2011/01/25/2010a2011-tunisian-protests-pthousands-of-protesters-defy-curfew-and-march-in-tunis-camping-outside-the-government-s-main-office-complex.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
