### [2006-09-20](/news/2006/09/20/index.md)

#  A second night of violence in the capital Budapest leaves nearly 60 people injured and leads to 100 arrests as police clash with demonstrators seeking the resignation of Prime Minister Ferenc Gyurcsny. 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/articlenews.aspx?type=newsOne&storyID=2006-09-20T090502Z_01_L18648256_RTRUKOC_0_US-HUNGARY.xml&WTmodLoc=Home-C2-TopNews-newsOne-5)

### Related:

1. [ Peaceful demonstrations began in Budapest and several cities of the countryside against the government in Hungary. On September 17th, 2006, an audio recording surfaced from a closed floor meeting after the Hungarian Socialist Party won the elections and before they announced several restraints on which Prime Minister Gyurcsny said, that "[...] Evidently, we lied throughout the last year-and-a-half, two years. It was totally clear that what we are saying is not true. [...]" Demonstrators demand a new election. ](/news/2006/09/18/peaceful-demonstrations-began-in-budapest-and-several-cities-of-the-countryside-against-the-government-in-hungary-on-september-17th-2006.md) _Context: Budapest, Ferenc Gyurcsny_
2. [The parliament of Papua New Guinea re-elects Peter O'Neill as Prime Minister, ending a chaotic election campaign marred by violence, which analysts fear may continue amid widespread voter unrest. ](/news/2017/08/2/the-parliament-of-papua-new-guinea-re-elects-peter-o-neill-as-prime-minister-ending-a-chaotic-election-campaign-marred-by-violence-which-a.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
3. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
4. [The Momentum Movement holds a pro-EU, anti-Russia march attended by approximately 10,000 in Budapest, Hungary, chanting "Europe, not Moscow" in support of the EU and against Prime Minister Viktor Orban. ](/news/2017/05/1/the-momentum-movement-holds-a-pro-eu-anti-russia-march-attended-by-approximately-10-000-in-budapest-hungary-chanting-aeurope-not-mosco.md) _Context: Budapest_
5. [A terror bombing occurs in Budapest, Hungary, with two injuries reported. ](/news/2016/09/24/a-terror-bombing-occurs-in-budapest-hungary-with-two-injuries-reported.md) _Context: Budapest_
6. [Researchers from Konkoly Observatory in Budapest, Hungary, reveal that (225088) 2007 OR10 is the third largest dwarf planet in the solar system. ](/news/2016/05/12/researchers-from-konkoly-observatory-in-budapest-hungary-reveal-that-225088-2007-or10-is-the-third-largest-dwarf-planet-in-the-solar-sys.md) _Context: Budapest_
7. [Following the Obama Administration's pledge of additional Special Operations troops to Iraq, several members of Iraq's ruling alliance state that only the Iraqi Parliament can authorize the action, and political associates of Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi report such a troop expansion would be unacceptable. Several members of Iraqi militias have also decried a deployment of more U.S. troops. During the pull out from Iraq, president Obama promised there would be no more "boots on the ground" in Iraq again. ](/news/2015/12/3/following-the-obama-administration-s-pledge-of-additional-special-operations-troops-to-iraq-several-members-of-iraqas-ruling-alliance-sta.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
8. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met today in Berlin with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu regarding the recent spate of violence between Palestinians and Israelis. Kerry will meet on Saturday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and King Abdullah of Jordan in Amman. ](/news/2015/10/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-met-today-in-berlin-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-regarding-the-recent-spate-of-violence.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
9. [Chinese Vice-Premier Li Keqiang travels to Budapest and holds talks with Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban. ](/news/2012/05/2/chinese-vice-premier-li-keqiang-travels-to-budapest-and-holds-talks-with-hungarian-prime-minister-viktor-orba-n.md) _Context: Budapest_
10. [United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is in Budapest today. ](/news/2011/06/30/united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-is-in-budapest-today.md) _Context: Budapest_
