### [2006-09-20](/news/2006/09/20/index.md)

#  Former South African Deputy President Jacob Zuma's corruption trial is thrown out by the judge at Pietermaritzburg High Court, who rules that the State's case goes "from one disaster to another" and failed to follow proper procedure. This is thought likely to improve Zuma's chances of succeeding President Thabo Mbeki, but prosecutors have said that they will refile charges later. 




### Source:

1. [Mail & Guardian Online](http://www.mg.co.za/articlepage.aspx?area=/zuma_report/zuma_news/&articleid=284577)

### Related:

1. [ Schabir Shaik, a financial advisor to South African Deputy President Jacob Zuma, is found guilty of two counts of corruption and one of fraud in a 165-page judgment broadcast live as it was delivered over three days. The affair is considered to be a blow to Mr Zuma's ambitions to succeed the current president, Thabo Mbeki. ](/news/2005/06/2/schabir-shaik-a-financial-advisor-to-south-african-deputy-president-jacob-zuma-is-found-guilty-of-two-counts-of-corruption-and-one-of-fra.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, South Africa, Thabo Mbeki_
2. [The South African Parliament debates a minority motion to impeach President Jacob Zuma following last week's Constitutional Court judgment that Zuma had violated the constitution in a spending scandal involving the president's private home. The African National Congress has a 249 - 151 majority, making this motion's chance of gaining a two-thirds majority unlikely. ](/news/2016/04/5/the-south-african-parliament-debates-a-minority-motion-to-impeach-president-jacob-zuma-following-last-week-s-constitutional-court-judgment-t.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, South Africa_
3. [The Parliament of South Africa announces it will debate a motion to impeach President Jacob Zuma this coming Tuesday. This comes after Zuma is facing mounting pressure when the Constitutional Court ruled that Zuma violated the constitution by using state funds to renovate his mansion. Yesterday, anti-apartheid veteran Ahmed Kathrada joined opposition leaders in calling for Zuma's resignation. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-parliament-of-south-africa-announces-it-will-debate-a-motion-to-impeach-president-jacob-zuma-this-coming-tuesday-this-comes-after-zuma.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, South Africa_
4. [A court in South Africa rules that the decision in 2009 to drop over 750 corruption charges against President Jacob Zuma was irrational and called for a review of them. However, the court ruling does not automatically reinstate the charges against Zuma as a legal team must be set up to decide on whether to charge him or not. ](/news/2016/04/29/a-court-in-south-africa-rules-that-the-decision-in-2009-to-drop-over-750-corruption-charges-against-president-jacob-zuma-was-irrational-and.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, South Africa_
5. [South Africa's Public Protector finds that President Jacob Zuma has "benefitted unduly" from government funded upgrades of his rural residence. ](/news/2014/03/19/south-africa-s-public-protector-finds-that-president-jacob-zuma-has-benefitted-unduly-from-government-funded-upgrades-of-his-rural-residen.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, South Africa_
6. [Central African Republic conflict (2012-present):. South Africa's President Jacob Zuma announces full withdrawal from the Central African Republic after criticism over death of 13 soldiers during the fall of the government there. ](/news/2013/04/4/central-african-republic-conflict-2012-present-south-africa-s-president-jacob-zuma-announces-full-withdrawal-from-the-central-african.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, South Africa_
7. [South Africa's governing party, the African National Congress, starts a 5-day conference where President Jacob Zuma faces a challenge from Deputy President Kgalema Motlanthe. ](/news/2012/12/16/south-africa-s-governing-party-the-african-national-congress-starts-a-5-day-conference-where-president-jacob-zuma-faces-a-challenge-from-d.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, South Africa_
8. [South African President Jacob Zuma will visit Libya for talks with Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, in renewed efforts by the African Union to broker a cease-fire in the 2011 Libyan civil war. ](/news/2011/05/25/south-african-president-jacob-zuma-will-visit-libya-for-talks-with-libyan-leader-muammar-gaddafi-in-renewed-efforts-by-the-african-union-to.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, South Africa_
9. [Former South African President Thabo Mbeki begins mediation efforts in the Ivory Coast following the disputed presidential election. ](/news/2010/12/5/former-south-african-president-thabo-mbeki-begins-mediation-efforts-in-the-ivory-coast-following-the-disputed-presidential-election.md) _Context: South Africa, Thabo Mbeki_
10. [Four bodies are discovered in an abandoned South African gold mine owned by relatives of Nelson Mandela and Jacob Zuma following a shooting. ](/news/2010/08/13/four-bodies-are-discovered-in-an-abandoned-south-african-gold-mine-owned-by-relatives-of-nelson-mandela-and-jacob-zuma-following-a-shooting.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, South Africa_
