### [2006-09-20](/news/2006/09/20/index.md)

#  Thailand coup d'tat:: The leader of the military coup in Thailand, General Sonthi Boonyaratglin, declares that a new civilian prime minister will be appointed in two weeks to replace the deposed Thaksin Shinawatra. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/asia-pacific/5362698.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Thailand coup d'tat:: A coup d'tat occurs in Thailand, with tanks seen moving into place around government buildings in Bangkok. Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra declares a state of emergency in a TV broadcast from the United States, where he went for the United Nations General Assembly, but the transmission is reported to have been cut off.: An announcement on Thai television declared that a "Council of Administrative Reform" with King Bhumibol Adulyadej as head of state had seized power in Bangkok and nearby provinces without any resistance. State TV stations are broadcasting messages of loyalty to the King, while international broadcast channels were blocked. ](/news/2006/09/19/thailand-coup-d-etat-a-coup-d-etat-occurs-in-thailand-with-tanks-seen-moving-into-place-around-government-buildings-in-bangkok-prime-mi.md) _Context: Thailand, Thaksin Shinawatra, coup_
2. [Trial of Yingluck Shinawatra: Senior members of the Pheu Thai Party report former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra left Thailand last week ahead of the verdict in her negligence trial. She is in Dubai where her brother, Thaksin Shinawatra, lives. ](/news/2017/08/26/trial-of-yingluck-shinawatra-senior-members-of-the-pheu-thai-party-report-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-left-thailand-last-week.md) _Context: Thailand, Thaksin Shinawatra_
3. [Thousands of protesters fill the streets of Bangkok, Thailand, after lawmakers pass a draft bill for political amnesty which could allow self-exiled Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra to re-enter the country. ](/news/2013/11/5/thousands-of-protesters-fill-the-streets-of-bangkok-thailand-after-lawmakers-pass-a-draft-bill-for-political-amnesty-which-could-allow-sel.md) _Context: Thailand, Thaksin Shinawatra_
4. [Former Thai prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra plans an early return from exile. ](/news/2012/04/15/former-thai-prime-minister-thaksin-shinawatra-plans-an-early-return-from-exile.md) _Context: Thailand, Thaksin Shinawatra_
5. [Thailand reissues a passport for Thaksin Shinawatra, saying he is no longer a "threat". ](/news/2011/12/16/thailand-reissues-a-passport-for-thaksin-shinawatra-saying-he-is-no-longer-a-threat.md) _Context: Thailand, Thaksin Shinawatra_
6. [Thailand votes in its 26th general election with results showing the Pheu Thai Party loyal to former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra winning a majority. Yingluck Shinawatra, the opposition party leader, is expected to be the first female Prime Minister of Thailand. ](/news/2011/07/3/thailand-votes-in-its-26th-general-election-with-results-showing-the-pheu-thai-party-loyal-to-former-prime-minister-thaksin-shinawatra-winni.md) _Context: Thailand, Thaksin Shinawatra_
7. [Thailand's red shirt movement holds rallies in the lead up to the fourth anniversary of the removal of former Prime Minister of Thailand Thaksin Shinawatra on Sunday. ](/news/2010/09/17/thailand-s-red-shirt-movement-holds-rallies-in-the-lead-up-to-the-fourth-anniversary-of-the-removal-of-former-prime-minister-of-thailand-tha.md) _Context: Thailand, Thaksin Shinawatra_
8. [Cambodia and Thailand resume diplomatic relations after former Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra resigns his post as economic advisor to the Cambodian government. ](/news/2010/08/23/cambodia-and-thailand-resume-diplomatic-relations-after-former-thai-prime-minister-thaksin-shinawatra-resigns-his-post-as-economic-advisor-t.md) _Context: Thailand, Thaksin Shinawatra_
9. [A court in Thailand issues an arrest warrant for former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra on charges of terrorism, following a report by the Thai Department of Special Investigations, which concluded that he had financed Red Shirt protesters and had helped them smuggle in weapons and fighters from Cambodia, during the 2010 political crisis. ](/news/2010/05/25/a-court-in-thailand-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-prime-minister-thaksin-shinawatra-on-charges-of-terrorism-following-a-report-by-the.md) _Context: Thailand, Thaksin Shinawatra_
10. [Senior red-shirt leader Arisman Pongruangrong climbs down a rope to escape an arrest attempt by Thai security forces laying siege to Thaksin Shinawatra's SC Park Hotel in Bangkok. He urges protesters to leave Ratchaprasong "to avoid being used as human shields". ](/news/2010/04/16/senior-red-shirt-leader-arisman-pongruangrong-climbs-down-a-rope-to-escape-an-arrest-attempt-by-thai-security-forces-laying-siege-to-thaksin.md) _Context: Thailand, Thaksin Shinawatra_
