### [2004-09-1](/news/2004/09/1/index.md)

#  Beslan hostage crisis: Approximately 30 armed men and women seize a school in Beslan, North Ossetia, a Russian city close to Chechnya, taking over 1,300 adults and children hostage. Russian police and army units quickly surround the school, beginning a three-day standoff. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/in_depth/3616868.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6125624)

### Related:

1. [ Beslan school hostage crisis: Armed men and women continue to hold over 1,300 adults and children hostage in Beslan, North Ossetia, Russia. Russian authorities announce that they have, for the moment, ruled out the use of force to end the standoff, while Chechen rebel leader Aslan Maskhadov denies that his forces are responsible. Late in the day, 26 women and children are released by the hostage-takers. (BBC: [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/3620498.stm 1], [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/3621418.stm 2])](/news/2004/09/2/beslan-school-hostage-crisis-armed-men-and-women-continue-to-hold-over-1-300-adults-and-children-hostage-in-beslan-north-ossetia-russia.md) _Context: Beslan, Chechnya, North Ossetia, hostage_
2. [ The hostage crisis in Beslan, North Ossetia, Russia, ends violently as fighting erupts in the early afternoon between the hostage-takers and Russian special forces. Special forces teams storm the school, in attempt to save the remaining hostages, after two explosions are heard and the hostage-takers fire on a medical team attempting to remove dead bodies. Several hundred people die in the ensuing battle; the hostage-takers shoot some hostages are shot in the back as the hostages attempt to flee. Official reports list 335 confirmed dead, including 156 children, and more than 700 wounded; 176 remain missing. Some of the hostage-takers briefly escape, but eventually all are reported killed or captured by Russian authorities. (BBC: [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/3624024.stm 1], [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/3624024.stm 2], [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/3624024.stm 3], Interfax: [http://www2.interfax.ru/eng/news/politics/040903/64859/story.html 1], [http://www.interfax.ru/e/B/0/28.html?id_issue=10699281 2])](/news/2004/09/3/the-hostage-crisis-in-beslan-north-ossetia-russia-ends-violently-as-fighting-erupts-in-the-early-afternoon-between-the-hostage-takers-an.md) _Context: Beslan, North Ossetia, hostage_
3. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The "Novaya Gazeta" newspaper reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: Chechnya_
4. [Six Chechen soldiers, along with six militants, are killed in a nighttime attack on a Russian National Guard base in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/03/24/six-chechen-soldiers-along-with-six-militants-are-killed-in-a-nighttime-attack-on-a-russian-national-guard-base-in-chechnya.md) _Context: Chechnya_
5. [At least two police officers and three suspected militants are killed during a gunfight in Shali, Chechnya. ](/news/2017/01/30/at-least-two-police-officers-and-three-suspected-militants-are-killed-during-a-gunfight-in-shali-chechnya.md) _Context: Chechnya_
6. [A group of nine human rights activists and journalists, heading to Grozny, Chechnya, in a small bus, are attacked on the Kavkaz federal highway near the Ordzhonikidzovskaya settlement at the Ingushetia border. About 20 masked men assaulted the group, confiscated some mobile phones, and set their vehicle on fire. Two of the journalists, the NGO lawyer, and the bus driver were hospitalized. A Committee to Prevent Torture representative said this is the first press tour that was not organized by the Chechen government. ](/news/2016/03/9/a-group-of-nine-human-rights-activists-and-journalists-heading-to-grozny-chechnya-in-a-small-bus-are-attacked-on-the-kavkaz-federal-high.md) _Context: Chechnya_
7. [A Libyan spokesperson says two Italian hostages are freed by local fighters from Islamic State custody in Sabratha, Libya. He also confirms that two other Italian hostages were recently killed during local forces clashes with IS militants. ](/news/2016/03/4/a-libyan-spokesperson-says-two-italian-hostages-are-freed-by-local-fighters-from-islamic-state-custody-in-sabratha-libya-he-also-confirms.md) _Context: hostage_
8. [The Kremlin's Rights Council states that they believe that Zaur Dadayev, a former Chechen police officer, who confessed to being part of the murder of Boris Nemtsov did so after being tortured. ](/news/2015/03/11/the-kremlin-s-rights-council-states-that-they-believe-that-zaur-dadayev-a-former-chechen-police-officer-who-confessed-to-being-part-of-the.md) _Context: Chechnya_
9. [The city of Grozny in the Russian republic of Chechnya holds a protest with 60% of the population in attendance in opposition to the Charlie Hebdo cartoons. ](/news/2015/01/19/the-city-of-grozny-in-the-russian-republic-of-chechnya-holds-a-protest-with-60-of-the-population-in-attendance-in-opposition-to-the-charlie.md) _Context: Chechnya_
10. [Five police officers are killed and twelve others wounded in a suicide bombing in Grozny, the capital of Russia's North Caucasian republic of Chechnya. ](/news/2014/10/5/five-police-officers-are-killed-and-twelve-others-wounded-in-a-suicide-bombing-in-grozny-the-capital-of-russia-s-north-caucasian-republic-o.md) _Context: Chechnya_
