### [2003-10-6](/news/2003/10/6/index.md)

#  2004 U.S. Democratic Primaries: Senator Bob Graham announces on "Larry King Live" that he is ending his 2004 presidential campaign.




### Related:

1. [ U.S. presidential election, 2004: Senator Bob Graham of Florida announces his candidacy for the Democratic Party nomination of President.](/news/2003/02/27/u-s-presidential-election-2004-senator-bob-graham-of-florida-announces-his-candidacy-for-the-democratic-party-nomination-of-president.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate, Bob Graham_
2. [ Howard Dean, a former governor of Vermont and a 2004 U.S. presidential candidate, is elected chairman of the Democratic National Committee. ](/news/2005/02/12/howard-dean-a-former-governor-of-vermont-and-a-2004-u-s-presidential-candidate-is-elected-chairman-of-the-democratic-national-committee.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate_
3. [ Reports of "'irregularities"' in the votes for the "'2004 Presidential election"' emerge. Reports of voting machine error and electoral fraud center on Ohio and Florida.](/news/2004/11/9/reports-of-irregularities-in-the-votes-for-the-2004-presidential-election-emerge-reports-of-voting-machine-error-and-electoral-fra.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate_
4. [ Senator John Kerry concedes to President George W. Bush "The outcome should be decided by voters, not a protracted legal process", Kerry said. "I would not give up if there was a chance we could prevail." [http://reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6703896 (Reuters)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/3980533.stm (BBC)] Republican President George W. Bush wins the popular vote, receiving 3.58 million more votes than Democratic Senator John Kerry. (51.6% to 48.4%, 59.0 million to 55.4 million) Claiming victory in the swing state of Ohio, Bush will probably have more than the 270 votes needed when the U.S. Electoral College meets on December 13. [http://www.cnn.com/ELECTION/2004/ (CNN)] The Republican Party widens its majority in the Senate and House of Representatives. Democratic Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle concedes defeat to Republican challenger John Thune, thus becoming the first Senate leader in 52 years to lose a re-election bid and leaving the leadership of the Democratic Party in the Senate open. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/ALLPOLITICS/11/02/senate.main/index.html (CNN)] The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) reports that on November 2, touch-screen electronic voting machines in at least six U.S. states had incorrectly recorded their choices, including for the presidential election. Incorrectly recorded votes make up roughly 20 percent of the e-voting problems. [http://www.eff.org/news/archives/2004_11.php#002062 (EFF)] Same-sex marriage in the United States: Gay rights activists suffer a severe setback when state constitutional amendments prohibiting same-sex marriage are passed in eleven states: Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Michigan, Mississippi, Montana, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, Oregon, and Utah. The measures in Oregon, Mississippi, and Montana ban same-sex marriage only, while Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, and Utah ban both same-sex marriage and civil unions and Michigan bans granting any benefits whatsoever to same-sex couples. ](/news/2004/11/3/senator-john-kerry-concedes-to-president-george-w-bush-the-outcome-should-be-decided-by-voters-not-a-protracted-legal-process-kerry-sa.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate_
5. [ U.S. President George W. Bush accepts the resignation of Secretary of State Colin Powell. He is the sixth Cabinet member to resign since the re-election of President Bush. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/ALLPOLITICS/11/15/powell/index.html (CNN)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/4013621.stm (BBC)]. Other resignations today include Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=politicsNews&storyID=6816327 (Reuters)], Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=politicsNews&storyID=6815887 (Reuters)] and Education Secretary Rod Paige.](/news/2004/11/15/u-s-president-george-w-bush-accepts-the-resignation-of-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-he-is-the-sixth-cabinet-member-to-resign-since-th.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate_
6. [ U.S. presidential campaign: Incumbent US Vice President Dick Cheney and challenger Senator John Edwards meet in Cleveland, Ohio, for the only vice presidential debate of the 2004 U.S. presidential election. ](/news/2004/10/5/u-s-presidential-campaign-incumbent-us-vice-president-dick-cheney-and-challenger-senator-john-edwards-meet-in-cleveland-ohio-for-the-on.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate_
7. [ Two days before the 2004 United States presidential elections, President George W. Bush and challenger John Kerry tour the swing states of Ohio, New Hampshire and Florida. ](/news/2004/10/31/two-days-before-the-2004-united-states-presidential-elections-president-george-w-bush-and-challenger-john-kerry-tour-the-swing-states-of.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate_
8. [ Election officials in Broward County, Florida, report that over 50,000 absentee ballots for next Tuesday's U.S. presidential election are missing. Officials mailed 60,000 absentee ballots earlier this month, but only 2,000 were delivered. ](/news/2004/10/28/election-officials-in-broward-county-florida-report-that-over-50-000-absentee-ballots-for-next-tuesday-s-u-s-presidential-election-are-m.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate_
9. [ U.S. presidential election: The BBC reports that it has obtained a document from George W. Bush's Florida campaign headquarters containing a list of 1,886 names and addresses of voters in largely African-American and Democratic areas of Jacksonville, Florida. Democratic Party officials allege that the document is a "caging list" that the Bush campaign intends to use to issue mass challenges to African-American voters, in violation of federal law. ](/news/2004/10/27/u-s-presidential-election-the-bbc-reports-that-it-has-obtained-a-document-from-george-w-bush-s-florida-campaign-headquarters-containing.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate_
10. [ The Roman Catholic Church publishes a handbook intended to guide business, cultural], and political leaders in making decisions regarding social issues. The publication comes one week before the U.S. presidential election. In response to a journalist's question as to how Roman Catholics should vote, Vatican spokesman Joaquin Navarro Valls says that "the Holy See never gets involved in electoral or political questions directly". ](/news/2004/10/25/the-roman-catholic-church-publishes-a-handbook-intended-to-guide-business-cultural-and-political-leaders-in-making-decisions-regarding-s.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate_
