### [2003-10-6](/news/2003/10/6/index.md)

#  Former Sky News correspondent James Furlong, who resigned over allegations that he had faked a report during the Iraq War, is found dead. Furlong, aged 44, had served as Sky News' Defence and Royal Correspondent. He had previously worked for ITN.




### Related:

1. [The BBC appoints the heads of two separate inquiries into the sexual abuse scandal that has engulfed Jimmy Savile. Former High Court judge Dame Janet Smith will review the culture and practices of the BBC during the time Savile worked there, while Nick Pollard, a former Sky News executive will look at why a "Newsnight" investigation into Savile's activities was dropped shortly before transmission. ](/news/2012/10/16/the-bbc-appoints-the-heads-of-two-separate-inquiries-into-the-sexual-abuse-scandal-that-has-engulfed-jimmy-savile-former-high-court-judge-d.md) _Context: Sky News_
2. [Sky News admits illegally hacking emails belonging to members of the public on two separate occasions. ](/news/2012/04/5/sky-news-admits-illegally-hacking-emails-belonging-to-members-of-the-public-on-two-separate-occasions.md) _Context: Sky News_
3. [In the United Kingdom a disagreement emerges between the Westminster and Scottish governments over a referendum on Scottish independence, after Prime Minister David Cameron tells a Sky News interview that a quick decision is needed on the matter for the sake of the economy. ](/news/2012/01/9/in-the-united-kingdom-a-disagreement-emerges-between-the-westminster-and-scottish-governments-over-a-referendum-on-scottish-independence-af.md) _Context: Sky News_
4. [English Attorney General Dominic Grieve QC seeks leave to prosecute Sky News for contempt of court over its reporting of the 2009 kidnapping of Paul and Rachel Chandler, after the news channel allegedly breached an injunction preventing the disclosure of the couple's welfare. ](/news/2011/11/19/english-attorney-general-dominic-grieve-qc-seeks-leave-to-prosecute-sky-news-for-contempt-of-court-over-its-reporting-of-the-2009-kidnapping.md) _Context: Sky News_
5. [Sky News reports that 30,000 Libyans may be missing as a result of the civil war. ](/news/2011/09/5/sky-news-reports-that-30-000-libyans-may-be-missing-as-a-result-of-the-civil-war.md) _Context: Sky News_
6. [Sky News reports new evidence that North Korean officials have been involved in the illegal drugs trade. ](/news/2011/08/4/sky-news-reports-new-evidence-that-north-korean-officials-have-been-involved-in-the-illegal-drugs-trade.md) _Context: Sky News_
7. [Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation agrees to sell Sky News in order to be in a position to buy BSkyB without a Competition Commission inquiry. ](/news/2011/03/2/rupert-murdoch-s-news-corporation-agrees-to-sell-sky-news-in-order-to-be-in-a-position-to-buy-bskyb-without-a-competition-commission-inquiry.md) _Context: Sky News_
8. [Aljazeera, Canal 13, Channel 4, Globo, Radio-Canada, RT, Sky News and TVB are among the global broadcasters nominated for this year's International Emmy Awards. ](/news/2010/08/12/aljazeera-canal-13-channel-4-globo-radio-canada-rt-sky-news-and-tvb-are-among-the-global-broadcasters-nominated-for-this-year-s-intern.md) _Context: Sky News_
9. [Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron offends his own war veterans by erroneously suggesting in a Sky News interview that his country fought as the "junior partner" alongside the United States in "...the 1940 war against Germany." ](/news/2010/07/21/prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-offends-his-own-war-veterans-by-erroneously-suggesting-in-a-sky-news-interview-that-his-c.md) _Context: Sky News_
10. [ A coroner has recorded a verdict of unlawful killing on ITN reporter Terry Lloyd, who was shot dead by US forces in southern Iraq in March 2003. ](/news/2006/10/13/a-coroner-has-recorded-a-verdict-of-unlawful-killing-on-itn-reporter-terry-lloyd-who-was-shot-dead-by-us-forces-in-southern-iraq-in-march.md) _Context: ITN_
