### [2003-10-6](/news/2003/10/6/index.md)

#  Paul Lauterbur and Sir Peter Mansfield are jointly awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for their discoveries concerning Magnetic Resonance Imaging.




### Related:

1. [Japan's Yoshinori Ohsumi wins the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for experiments with yeast which exposed a key mechanism called autophagy in the body's defenses where cells degrade and recycle their components. ](/news/2016/10/3/japan-s-yoshinori-ohsumi-wins-the-nobel-prize-in-physiology-or-medicine-for-experiments-with-yeast-which-exposed-a-key-mechanism-called-auto.md) _Context: Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine_
2. [A study published in the "Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences" on gender identity reports brains do not really fit into "male" or "female" categories. Tel Aviv University's Daphna Joel's research team, in analyzing the MRI scans of some 1,400 individuals, found only a very small number of the brains studied had features that were entirely male, female, or intermediate between the two. The vast majority had a mosaic. ](/news/2015/12/1/a-study-published-in-the-proceedings-of-the-national-academy-of-sciences-on-gender-identity-reports-brains-do-not-really-fit-into-male-o.md) _Context: MRI scans_
3. [A one-year old baby girl with an apparently incurable illness, who was kissed by Pope Francis during his visit to Philadelphia in September, gets MRI results showing her brain tumor has shrunk significantly. Some friends and family call it the "Miracle on Market Street." ](/news/2015/11/25/a-one-year-old-baby-girl-with-an-apparently-incurable-illness-who-was-kissed-by-pope-francis-during-his-visit-to-philadelphia-in-september.md) _Context: MRI scans_
4. [British neuroscientist John O'Keefe and Norwegian scientists May-Britt Moser and Edvard Moser share the 2014 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine. ](/news/2014/10/6/british-neuroscientist-john-o-keefe-and-norwegian-scientists-may-britt-moser-and-edvard-moser-share-the-2014-nobel-prize-in-physiology-or-me.md) _Context: Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine_
5. [American scientists James Rothman and Randy Schekman and German scientist Thomas C. Sudhof win the 2013 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for their work on transport systems in cells. ](/news/2013/10/7/american-scientists-james-rothman-and-randy-schekman-and-german-scientist-thomas-c-sa1-4dhof-win-the-2013-nobel-prize-in-physiology-or-medici.md) _Context: Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine_
6. [Robert G. Edwards, Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine winner for in vitro fertilisation, dies at the age of 87. ](/news/2013/04/10/robert-g-edwards-nobel-prize-in-physiology-or-medicine-winner-for-in-vitro-fertilisation-dies-at-the-age-of-87.md) _Context: Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine_
7. [Italian neurologist Rita Levi-Montalcini, the 1986 Nobel laureate in Physiology or Medicine, dies at the age of 103. ](/news/2012/12/30/italian-neurologist-rita-levi-montalcini-the-1986-nobel-laureate-in-physiology-or-medicine-dies-at-the-age-of-103.md) _Context: Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine_
8. [American plastic surgeon and Nobel Prize winner Joseph Murray, who performed the first kidney transplantation, dies at 93. ](/news/2012/11/26/american-plastic-surgeon-and-nobel-prize-winner-joseph-murray-who-performed-the-first-kidney-transplantation-dies-at-93.md) _Context: Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine_
9. [An MRI reveals that singer-songwriter Sheryl Crow has a growth on her brain. ](/news/2012/06/6/an-mri-reveals-that-singer-songwriter-sheryl-crow-has-a-growth-on-her-brain.md) _Context: MRI scans_
10. [Bruce Beutler of the US, Jules A. Hoffmann of France and Ralph Steinman of Canada (posthumously) share the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for research into the immune system. ](/news/2011/10/3/bruce-beutler-of-the-us-jules-a-hoffmann-of-france-and-ralph-steinman-of-canada-posthumously-share-the-nobel-prize-in-physiology-or-medi.md) _Context: Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine_
