### [2003-10-6](/news/2003/10/6/index.md)

#  SCO v. IBM: In an open letter to the Linux community published by Silicon Graphics (SGI), SGI states it conducted a comprehensive comparison of the Linux kernel and the UNIX System&nbsp;V source code owned by The SCO Group. According to the letter (authored by SGI Vice President of Software Rich Altmaier), SGI's ""exhaustive comparison"" of the source codes turned up only ""trivial"" code segments that ""may arguably be related"" to SCO's software. The letter also disputed SCO's claims that SGI inappropriately contributed its XFS (eXtensible File System).




### Related:

1. [ "SCO v. IBM:" SCO Group plans to widen its legal battle against the open-source operating system, stating intent to sue large-scale Linux users for copyright infringement.](/news/2003/11/18/sco-v-ibm-sco-group-plans-to-widen-its-legal-battle-against-the-open-source-operating-system-stating-intent-to-sue-large-scale-linux-u.md) _Context: Linux, SCO Group, SCO v. IBM_
2. [ "SCO vs IBM": International Business Machines Corp. files new counterclaims against SCO Group Inc. involving the Linux operating system according to a memo sent to the IBM sales force.](/news/2003/09/26/sco-vs-ibm-international-business-machines-corp-files-new-counterclaims-against-sco-group-inc-involving-the-linux-operating-system-acc.md) _Context: Linux, SCO Group, SCO v. IBM_
3. [ "SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit:" SCO Group announces that it intends to sell binary-only licences to use the free Linux operating system which will remove the threat of litigation from licence-holders. Linux advocates react by stating that SCO has no basis for this action, and that doing this may cause SCO to forfeit their rights under the GNU GPL to use or distribute Linux or Linux-derived code in any form. ](/news/2003/07/21/sco-v-ibm-linux-lawsuit-sco-group-announces-that-it-intends-to-sell-binary-only-licences-to-use-the-free-linux-operating-system-which-w.md) _Context: Linux, SCO Group, SCO v. IBM_
4. [ SCO v. IBM: SCO Group widens Unix and Linux lawsuit against IBM. They add a copyright infringement claim to case.](/news/2004/02/5/sco-v-ibm-sco-group-widens-unix-and-linux-lawsuit-against-ibm-they-add-a-copyright-infringement-claim-to-case.md) _Context: Linux, SCO Group_
5. [ A potential local root vulnerability has been found in Linux 2.2, 2.4, and 2.6, and Linux Kernel developers have corrected the issue in 2.4 and 2.6; distributors are expected to offer the patches soon, for the benefit of those users who do not compile their own kernels.](/news/2004/01/5/a-potential-local-root-vulnerability-has-been-found-in-linux-2-2-2-4-and-2-6-and-linux-kernel-developers-have-corrected-the-issue-in-2-4.md) _Context: Linux, Linux Kernel_
6. [ The deadline for SCO Group to present evidence "with specificity" in the "SCO v. IBM" lawsuit expires](/news/2004/01/12/the-deadline-for-sco-group-to-present-evidence-with-specificity-in-the-sco-v-ibm-lawsuit-expires.md) _Context: SCO Group, SCO v. IBM_
7. [ "SCO v. IBM": SCO Group claims that it has "low-level talks" with Google about a possible license agreement related to Linux.](/news/2004/01/10/sco-v-ibm-sco-group-claims-that-it-has-low-level-talks-with-google-about-a-possible-license-agreement-related-to-linux.md) _Context: Linux, SCO Group_
8. [ Linux kernel 2.6.0 is released by Linus Torvalds.](/news/2003/12/17/linux-kernel-2-6-0-is-released-by-linus-torvalds.md) _Context: Linux, Linux Kernel_
9. [ SCO v. IBM: Lawyers representing SCO Group in intellectual property litigation stand to benefit significantly if the company settles lawsuits or is sold.](/news/2003/11/6/sco-v-ibm-lawyers-representing-sco-group-in-intellectual-property-litigation-stand-to-benefit-significantly-if-the-company-settles-lawsui.md) _Context: SCO Group, SCO v. IBM_
10. [ An intruder attempts to insert a Trojan horse program into the code of the next version of the Linux kernel, stored at a publicly accessible source-code repository database. Security features of the BitKeeper system detect the illicit changes within 24 hours. The changes, which would have introduced a security flaw to the kernel, never became a part of the Linux code.](/news/2003/11/6/an-intruder-attempts-to-insert-a-trojan-horse-program-into-the-code-of-the-next-version-of-the-linux-kernel-stored-at-a-publicly-accessibl.md) _Context: Linux Kernel, code_
