### [2017-07-29](/news/2017/07/29/index.md)

# A fire forces the evacuation of more than 22,000 concertgoers at the Tomorrowland music festival at the Parc de Can Zam in Barcelona, Spain. There were no serious injuries. This is the first time the festival has been held in Spain; Belgium had been the home since 2005. 

More than 22,000 people were evacuated from the &quot;Tomorrowland&quot; festival in Barcelona after a huge fire broke out on a stage.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/fire-tomorrowland-festival-barcelona-forces-22-000-evacuate-n787846)
2. [USA Today](https://www.usatoday.com/story/life/music/2017/07/30/20-000-fans-flee-huge-fire-tomorrowland-edm-festival-barcelona/523666001/)
2. [Cover Image](https://media2.s-nbcnews.com/j/newscms/2017_30/2088821/170730-world-barcelona-festival-fire-0341_379dd3570a5f455f04499832645b5992.nbcnews-fp-1200-800.jpg)

### Related:

1. [More than 700 Catalan mayors meet in Barcelona with Catalan President Carles Puigdemont to confirm their support for the October 1 independence referendum. Earlier this week, Spanish prosecutors warned that officials participating in this vote could be criminally charged. ](/news/2017/09/16/more-than-700-catalan-mayors-meet-in-barcelona-with-catalan-president-carles-puigdemont-to-confirm-their-support-for-the-october-1-independe.md) _Context: Barcelona, Spain_
2. [In a protest in Barcelona, an estimated 800,000 people (370,000 in the government claim) demand secession from the Madrid-based Spanish government. ](/news/2016/09/12/in-a-protest-in-barcelona-an-estimated-800-000-people-370-000-in-the-government-claim-demand-secession-from-the-madrid-based-spanish-gove.md) _Context: Barcelona, Spain_
3. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Belgium, Spain_
4. [A Germanwings flight crashes en route from Barcelona, Spain, to Dusseldorf, Germany, in a mountainous region of the Alps near Digne-les-Bains in Southern France leaving 150 dead. Rescue workers recover the damaged, but still usable, cockpit voice recorder. ](/news/2015/03/24/a-germanwings-flight-crashes-en-route-from-barcelona-spain-to-da1-4sseldorf-germany-in-a-mountainous-region-of-the-alps-near-digne-les-bai.md) _Context: Barcelona, Spain_
5. [Protests against unemployment and austerity measures take place across several European countries. The largest protests reportedly take place in Spain and Portugal, with smaller protests in Greece, Italy, and Belgium. ](/news/2012/11/14/protests-against-unemployment-and-austerity-measures-take-place-across-several-european-countries-the-largest-protests-reportedly-take-plac.md) _Context: Belgium, Spain_
6. [Spanish protesters known as the "Indignants" begin a march from Madrid to Brussels in Belgium to protest at cuts in government expenditure in Spain. ](/news/2011/07/27/spanish-protesters-known-as-the-indignants-begin-a-march-from-madrid-to-brussels-in-belgium-to-protest-at-cuts-in-government-expenditure-i.md) _Context: Belgium, Spain_
7. [A final funding deal for the Airbus A400M military transport aircraft has been agreed to by the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Belgium, Luxembourg, Spain and Turkey. ](/news/2010/11/5/a-final-funding-deal-for-the-airbus-a400m-military-transport-aircraft-has-been-agreed-to-by-the-united-kingdom-france-germany-belgium-lu.md) _Context: Belgium, Spain_
8. [The United States and other western nations including Britain, Sweden, Australia, Belgium, Uruguay and Spain walk out of the United Nations General Assembly following claims by the President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad that the "majority of the American people as well as most nations and politicians around the world" say that the 9/11 attacks were the work of the Government of the United States trying to protect Israel. ](/news/2010/09/23/the-united-states-and-other-western-nations-including-britain-sweden-australia-belgium-uruguay-and-spain-walk-out-of-the-united-nations.md) _Context: Belgium, Spain_
9. [Between 1.1 and 1.5 million people, according to organisers, and 56000 demonstrators, according to spanish protesters-counting specialized company "Lynce", demonstrate in central Barcelona demanding greater autonomy for Catalonia within Spain. ](/news/2010/07/10/between-1-1-and-1-5-million-people-according-to-organisers-and-56000-demonstrators-according-to-spanish-protesters-counting-specialized-c.md) _Context: Barcelona, Spain_
10. [Contributions from Belgium, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland allow the World Bank to cancel $36 million in Haiti's remaining debt following January's devastating earthquake. ](/news/2010/05/28/contributions-from-belgium-canada-finland-france-germany-ireland-italy-japan-the-netherlands-norway-spain-sweden-and-switzerland.md) _Context: Belgium, Spain_
