### [2017-07-29](/news/2017/07/29/index.md)

# The European Union's executive branch sends a formal notice to Poland expressing their concern that the new "discretionary" powers given to the country's justice minister threaten the independence of the courts in violation of EU laws. Poland has a month to respond. 

The European Commission launched legal action on Saturday against what it sees as Polish government attempts to undermine the independence of judges.


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/eu-executive-branch-files-complaint-poland-48924145)
2. [Reuters](https://in.reuters.com/article/poland-politics-eu-idINKBN1AE0EF)

### Related:

1. [Poles march against a bill that critics say might decrease judicial independence in Poland. Hungary has supported the bill while the European Union has opposed it. The protesters hope that the President Andrzej Duda would intervene against the proposed law. ](/news/2017/07/22/poles-march-against-a-bill-that-critics-say-might-decrease-judicial-independence-in-poland-hungary-has-supported-the-bill-while-the-europea.md) _Context: European Union, Polish_
2. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: European Union, Polish_
3. [The leader of Poland's Democracy Defence Committee, Mateusz Kijowski, says the government has "broken the country" after Polish President, Andrzej Duda, enacted a measure curbing the powers of the country's highest legislative court, the Constitutional Tribunal, despite protests and warnings from the European Union. Kijowski further called for foreign intervention in the country from "Europe and the United States" to topple the Law and Justice (PiS) government, saying "they must help us, otherwise Poland will leave the community of democracies". After news broke that Duda had signed into law the constitutional tribunal bill, he made a speech on television defending his move. Polish newspaper Gazeta Wyborcza quoted U.S. sources saying Barack Obama had objections and had let it be known he would delay meeting Duda. The newspaper also suggested Poland's hosting of the next NATO summit, planned for July 2016, was in the balance. ](/news/2015/12/28/the-leader-of-poland-s-democracy-defence-committee-mateusz-kijowski-says-the-government-has-broken-the-country-after-polish-president-a.md) _Context: European Union, Polish_
4. [Foreign ministers from Czech Republic, Hungary, Poland and Slovakia meet with officials from the European Union and Germany to discuss differences over migrant quotas. ](/news/2015/09/11/foreign-ministers-from-czech-republic-hungary-poland-and-slovakia-meet-with-officials-from-the-european-union-and-germany-to-discuss-diffe.md) _Context: European Union, Polish_
5. [Belarus expels the ambassadors from the European Union and Poland and recalls its ambassadors in Brussels and Warsaw due to the imposition of sanctions. ](/news/2012/02/28/belarus-expels-the-ambassadors-from-the-european-union-and-poland-and-recalls-its-ambassadors-in-brussels-and-warsaw-due-to-the-imposition-o.md) _Context: European Union, Polish_
6. [Poland takes over the Presidency of the Council of the European Union for six months. ](/news/2011/07/1/poland-takes-over-the-presidency-of-the-council-of-the-european-union-for-six-months.md) _Context: European Union, Polish_
7. [ Police recruit sniffer dogs and detectives in their hunt for the "Arbeit macht frei" sign missing from Auschwitz as appeals for its return are made by Israel, Poland and the European Union. ](/news/2009/12/19/police-recruit-sniffer-dogs-and-detectives-in-their-hunt-for-the-arbeit-macht-frei-sign-missing-from-auschwitz-as-appeals-for-its-return.md) _Context: European Union, Polish_
8. [ Polish parliament speaker Bronislaw Komorowski said that Poland's new government is set to be the first to ratify the EU's Reform Treaty. ](/news/2007/11/23/polish-parliament-speaker-bronislaw-komorowski-said-that-poland-s-new-government-is-set-to-be-the-first-to-ratify-the-eu-s-reform-treaty.md) _Context: European Union, Polish_
9. [ Leaders of the European Union reach agreement on the Lisbon Treaty following last-minute concessions to Poland, Italy and Bulgaria. ](/news/2007/10/19/leaders-of-the-european-union-reach-agreement-on-the-lisbon-treaty-following-last-minute-concessions-to-poland-italy-and-bulgaria.md) _Context: European Union, Polish_
10. [ The European Union (EU) hosts the President of Russia Vladimir Putin in a summit. Poland has vetoed the launch of EU-Russia partnership talks. ](/news/2006/11/24/the-european-union-eu-hosts-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-in-a-summit-poland-has-vetoed-the-launch-of-eu-russia-partnership-tal.md) _Context: European Union, Polish_
