### [2010-08-20](/news/2010/08/20/index.md)

# Charles Haddon, singer of the British synthpop band Ou Est Le Swimming Pool, commits suicide after a show at the Pukkelpop festival in Belgium. 

Singer downed beer and vodka before hanging himself with belt, finds inquest


### Source:

1. [NME](http://www.nme.com/news/ou-est-le-swimming-pool/52576)

### Related:

1. [Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-berlin-to-discuss-the-consequences-of-the-united-kin.md) _Context: Belgium, United Kingdom_
2. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Belgium, United Kingdom_
3. [The Italian Coast Guard states that at least 17 people have died and 4,200 have been rescued in the Mediterranean Sea attempting to travel to Europe in the past 24 hours. Ships from nations including Italy, Republic of Ireland, Germany, Belgium and the United Kingdom have been involved in rescue efforts. ](/news/2015/05/30/the-italian-coast-guard-states-that-at-least-17-people-have-died-and-4-200-have-been-rescued-in-the-mediterranean-sea-attempting-to-travel-t.md) _Context: Belgium, United Kingdom_
4. [The Pukkelpop music festival in Belgium is cancelled following the death of at least five people in a storm. ](/news/2011/08/19/the-pukkelpop-music-festival-in-belgium-is-cancelled-following-the-death-of-at-least-five-people-in-a-storm.md) _Context: Belgium, Pukkelpop_
5. [A final funding deal for the Airbus A400M military transport aircraft has been agreed to by the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Belgium, Luxembourg, Spain and Turkey. ](/news/2010/11/5/a-final-funding-deal-for-the-airbus-a400m-military-transport-aircraft-has-been-agreed-to-by-the-united-kingdom-france-germany-belgium-lu.md) _Context: Belgium, United Kingdom_
6. [The United States and other western nations including Britain, Sweden, Australia, Belgium, Uruguay and Spain walk out of the United Nations General Assembly following claims by the President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad that the "majority of the American people as well as most nations and politicians around the world" say that the 9/11 attacks were the work of the Government of the United States trying to protect Israel. ](/news/2010/09/23/the-united-states-and-other-western-nations-including-britain-sweden-australia-belgium-uruguay-and-spain-walk-out-of-the-united-nations.md) _Context: Belgium, United Kingdom_
7. [Services from the UK, France, Germany and the Netherlands remain disrupted as investigations continue into the Halle train collision in Belgium.](/news/2010/02/17/services-from-the-uk-france-germany-and-the-netherlands-remain-disrupted-as-investigations-continue-into-the-halle-train-collision-in-belg.md) _Context: Belgium, United Kingdom_
8. ['''Winter of 2009-2010 in Europe'''More than 160 people are trapped in vehicles overnight in Germany, dozens of flights are cancelled, Berlin and Leipzig are buried under 30cm of snow, parts of Schleswig-Holstein remain unreachable. The electricity of 80,000 people is cut off by snow in Poland. Eurostar services are affected in Belgium, Britain and France. ](/news/2010/01/10/winter-of-2009a2010-in-europe-pmore-than-160-people-are-trapped-in-vehicles-overnight-in-germany-dozens-of-flights-are-cancelled-be.md) _Context: Belgium, United Kingdom_
9. [ Police arrest 30 alleged animal rights extremists in raids in the United Kingdom, Belgium and the Netherlands. ](/news/2007/05/1/police-arrest-30-alleged-animal-rights-extremists-in-raids-in-the-united-kingdom-belgium-and-the-netherlands.md) _Context: Belgium, United Kingdom_
10. [Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-conservatives-battling-in-a-tight-race.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
