### [2010-08-20](/news/2010/08/20/index.md)

# President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad rejects calls from the United Nations Security Council to stop all uranium enrichment but promises to stop high level enrichment if the country is assured of uranium for a research reactor. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2010/aug/20/ahmadinejad-iran-uranium-enriching)

### Related:

1. [ In his speech to the United Nations General Assembly, Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad reiterates his assertion that his county's nuclear program has been "peaceful and transparent" and criticizes the "illegal" UN sanctions imposed by "arrogant" members of the Security Council. ](/news/2007/09/25/in-his-speech-to-the-united-nations-general-assembly-iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-reiterates-his-assertion-that-his-county-s-nucl.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President, United Nations Security Council_
2. [ The President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad cancels a trip to address the United Nations Security Council before it decides whether to impose further sanctions, saying the United States government had been "obstructive" in issuing visas to members of his entourage. ](/news/2007/03/23/the-president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-cancels-a-trip-to-address-the-united-nations-security-council-before-it-decides-whether-to-impose.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President, United Nations Security Council_
3. [ Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, the President of Iran, stated that Iran had the right to use nuclear technology on the day that a United Nations Security Council deadline expires. President Ahmadinejad said: "They should know that the Iranian nation will not yield to pressure and will not let its rights be trampled on." ](/news/2006/08/31/mahmoud-ahmadinejad-the-president-of-iran-stated-that-iran-had-the-right-to-use-nuclear-technology-on-the-day-that-a-united-nations-secur.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President, United Nations Security Council_
4. [Corruption in Iran. Former Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad faces sentences on seven verdicts of misusing billions of dollars in government funds while in office, the Supreme Audit Court public prosecutor said. If confirmed, Ahmadinejad will be barred from public office for seven years. ](/news/2017/07/30/corruption-in-iran-former-iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-faces-sentences-on-seven-verdicts-of-misusing-billions-of-dollars-in-govern.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President_
5. [Iranian presidential election, 2017. Former Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad registers to run in next month's election for a non-consecutive third term, according to state media. ](/news/2017/04/12/iranian-presidential-election-2017-former-iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-registers-to-run-in-next-month-s-election-for-a-non-consec.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President_
6. [Iranian presidential election, 2017. Former President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad declines to run for a third term in the upcoming election. Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has previously advised Ahmadinejad to not seek the presidency next year. ](/news/2016/09/27/iranian-presidential-election-2017-former-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-declines-to-run-for-a-third-term-in-the-upcoming-election-ayatoll.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President_
7. [Iran's former nuclear negotiator Hassan Rouhani enters the race to succeed President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, accusing the incumbent of needlessly incurring crippling economic sanctions. ](/news/2013/04/12/iran-s-former-nuclear-negotiator-hassan-rouhani-enters-the-race-to-succeed-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-accusing-the-incumbent-of-needless.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President_
8. [Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad travels to Egypt. It is the first time since 1979 revolution that an Iranian head of state visits that country. ](/news/2013/02/5/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-travels-to-egypt-it-is-the-first-time-since-1979-revolution-that-an-iranian-head-of-state-visits-that.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President_
9. [The President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad announces his desire of becoming the first Iranian astronaut after the successful launching and returning of a monkey sent by its national scientific space program. ](/news/2013/02/4/the-president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-announces-his-desire-of-becoming-the-first-iranian-astronaut-after-the-successful-launching-and-re.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President_
10. [Marzieh Vahid-Dastjerdi, the only female minister ever appointed in the Islamic Republic of Iran, is sacked after a dispute with President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. ](/news/2012/12/27/marzieh-vahid-dastjerdi-the-only-female-minister-ever-appointed-in-the-islamic-republic-of-iran-is-sacked-after-a-dispute-with-president-o.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President_
