### [2003-05-27](/news/2003/05/27/index.md)

#  The first version of the free and open-source blogging tool WordPress was released. It was labelled as Version 0.7, a continuation of the last release of its predecessor, "b2/cafelog".




### Related:

1. [Pakistani schoolgirl blogger Malala Yousafzai, shot by the Taliban in October 2012, is discharged from hospital in the UK. ](/news/2013/01/4/pakistani-schoolgirl-blogger-malala-yousafzai-shot-by-the-taliban-in-october-2012-is-discharged-from-hospital-in-the-uk.md) _Context: blog_
2. [The trial of five bloggers in the United Arab Emirates for advocating democratic reforms resumes. ](/news/2011/07/18/the-trial-of-five-bloggers-in-the-united-arab-emirates-for-advocating-democratic-reforms-resumes.md) _Context: blog_
3. [American billionaire Louis Bacon wins a judgement in the United Kingdom against Wikipedia, the "Denver Post" and WordPress about disclosure of identities of people who published allegedly defamatory comments although the judgement does not apply in the United States. ](/news/2011/05/9/american-billionaire-louis-bacon-wins-a-judgement-in-the-united-kingdom-against-wikipedia-the-denver-post-and-wordpress-about-disclosure.md) _Context: WordPress_
4. [Police investigate a blogger Teacher Wang for fraud after he predicts a magnitude-14 earthquake and 170m (560ft) high tsunami is to strike Taiwan on 11 May, toppling the Taipei 101 skyscraper and Presidential Office building. The prediction is removed from the internet. ](/news/2011/05/1/police-investigate-a-blogger-teacher-wang-for-fraud-after-he-predicts-a-magnitude-14-earthquake-and-170m-560ft-high-tsunami-is-to-strike-t.md) _Context: blog_
5. [Egyptian authorities release blogger Kareem Amer who was imprisoned for four years for insulting Islam and defaming President Hosni Mubarak. ](/news/2010/11/18/egyptian-authorities-release-blogger-kareem-amer-who-was-imprisoned-for-four-years-for-insulting-islam-and-defaming-president-hosni-mubarak.md) _Context: blog_
6. [Iranian-Canadian blogger Hossein Derakhshan, the founder of one of the first Farsi-language blogs, is sentenced to 19 years imprisonment in an Iranian court for "anti-state activity". ](/news/2010/09/28/iranian-canadian-blogger-hossein-derakhshan-the-founder-of-one-of-the-first-farsi-language-blogs-is-sentenced-to-19-years-imprisonment-in.md) _Context: blog_
7. [The London Review of Books issues a public apology after more than 70 leading British writers, academics and arts figures accuse it of publishing a racist blogpost comparing African migrants to baboons and black shopkeepers to rottweilers. ](/news/2010/07/21/the-london-review-of-books-issues-a-public-apology-after-more-than-70-leading-british-writers-academics-and-arts-figures-accuse-it-of-publi.md) _Context: blog_
8. [Greek investigative journalist, blogger and broadcaster Sokratis Giolias is killed after being shot more than 15 times outside his home in Ilioupoli, Athens ahead of the publication of his report into corruption. ](/news/2010/07/19/greek-investigative-journalist-blogger-and-broadcaster-sokratis-giolias-is-killed-after-being-shot-more-than-15-times-outside-his-home-in-i.md) _Context: blog_
9. [ A dog featured in an American film called "I Love You, Man", which was named after assassinated Egyptian President Anwar El Sadat, leads to a court case as bloggers complain that their country has been insulted. ](/news/2009/08/5/a-dog-featured-in-an-american-film-called-i-love-you-man-which-was-named-after-assassinated-egyptian-president-anwar-el-sadat-leads-to.md) _Context: blog_
10. [ An Internet blog belonging to a group calling itself "al-Qaeda Organisation Indonesia" claims responsibility for the July 17 Jakarta hotel bombings. ](/news/2009/07/29/an-internet-blog-belonging-to-a-group-calling-itself-al-qaeda-organisation-indonesia-claims-responsibility-for-the-july-17-jakarta-hotel.md) _Context: blog_
