### [2012-09-11](/news/2012/09/11/index.md)

# A White House spokesperson says that a Presidential executive order is being considered to ensure the United States' cybersecurity if Congress remains deadlocked over a "CISPA" law. 




### Source:

1. [Federal News Radio](http://www.federalnewsradio.com/241/3026867/White-House-draft-cyber-order-promotes-voluntary-critical-infrastructure-protections-)
2. [Russia Today](http://rt.com/usa/news/white-house-cispa-order-821/)

### Related:

1. [United States federal government shutdown of 2013:U.S. President Barack Obama, the White House Office of Management and Budget, issues a partial shutdown of government agencies after the House and Senate fail to come to an agreement on a spending bill to keep government operations running. ](/news/2013/10/1/united-states-federal-government-shutdown-of-2013-pu-s-president-barack-obama-the-white-house-office-of-management-and-budget-issues-a-pa.md) _Context: U.S., United States Congress, White House_
2. [The U.S. Court of Appeals in New Orleans, Louisiana, in a 2-1 decision, upholds a lower court's injunction that blocks implementation of an Executive order to shield from deportation millions of undocumented immigrants  who entered the United States  as children. The White House is considering an appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-u-s-court-of-appeals-in-new-orleans-louisiana-in-a-2-1-decision-upholds-a-lower-courtas-injunction-that-blocks-implementation-of-a.md) _Context: U.S., executive order_
3. [A newly released ISIS video threatens attacks on the White House in the U.S., monuments in France, U.S. President Obama, French President Francois Hollande, and targets in Italy. ](/news/2015/11/20/a-newly-released-isis-video-threatens-attacks-on-the-white-house-in-the-u-s-monuments-in-france-u-s-president-obama-french-president-fr.md) _Context: U.S., White House_
4. [The United States departments of Commerce and Treasury announce removal of a series of restrictions on Americans traveling to and doing business with Cuba effective September 21, 2015. The U.S. economic embargo, itself, remains in place until Congress acts. ](/news/2015/09/18/the-united-states-departments-of-commerce-and-treasury-announce-removal-of-a-series-of-restrictions-on-americans-traveling-to-and-doing-busi.md) _Context: U.S., United States Congress_
5. [The Obama Administration, through its appointment of a majority of board members on the Democratic-controlled U.S. National Labor Relations Board's 3&ndash;2 ruling in the Browning-Ferris case uses an expanded definition of joint employer when determining if a parent company shares responsibility for workers hired by a subcontractor or franchisee. The Republican-controlled US Congress responded to arguments from businesses such as the International Franchise Association by adding another NLRB-related rider to the budget to block implementation of this latest ruling. Browning-Ferris  can appeal the decision to a federal appeals court. The ruling could affect current unionization and pay efforts at McDonald's franchises. ](/news/2015/08/27/the-obama-administration-through-its-appointment-of-a-majority-of-board-members-on-the-democratic-controlled-u-s-national-labor-relations.md) _Context: U.S., United States Congress_
6. [Russia bans 13 Americans including Congressman Jim Moran, Rear Adm. Richard Butler and Lynndie England in response to the United States banning Russians for human rights abuses. ](/news/2014/07/19/russia-bans-13-americans-including-congressman-jim-moran-rear-adm-richard-butler-and-lynndie-england-in-response-to-the-united-states-bann.md) _Context: U.S., United States Congress_
7. [The President of Myanmar Thein Sein visits the White House as part of his visit to the United States, the first by a Burmese head of state in 47 years. ](/news/2013/05/20/the-president-of-myanmar-thein-sein-visits-the-white-house-as-part-of-his-visit-to-the-united-states-the-first-by-a-burmese-head-of-state-i.md) _Context: U.S., White House_
8. [The White House reports that the United States may have to use military action against Syria. ](/news/2013/04/26/the-white-house-reports-that-the-united-states-may-have-to-use-military-action-against-syria.md) _Context: U.S., White House_
9. [Shinzo Abe, the Prime Minister of Japan, meets with the President of the United States Barack Obama at the White House to discuss trade, economic, and security issues including North Korea and the Senkaku Islands dispute with China. ](/news/2013/02/22/shinzo-abe-the-prime-minister-of-japan-meets-with-the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-at-the-white-house-to-discuss-trade-eco.md) _Context: U.S., White House_
10. [United States "fiscal cliff" debate:The White House reaches an agreement with congressional Republicans on a "fiscal cliff" deal. ](/news/2012/12/31/united-states-fiscal-cliff-debate-pthe-white-house-reaches-an-agreement-with-congressional-republicans-on-a-fiscal-cliff-deal.md) _Context: U.S., White House_
