### [2012-09-11](/news/2012/09/11/index.md)

# Egypt presses formal charges against Gamel and Alaa Mubarak, sons of ousted president Hosni Mubarak, and Ahmed Shafiq, a recent presidential candidate, over alleged illegal acquisition of land. An arrest warrant has been issued against Shafiq, now a resident in the United Arab Emirates. 




### Source:

1. [The Daily](http://thedailynewsegypt.com/2012/09/11/ex-presidential-candidate-ahmed-shafiq-a-fugitive/)

### Related:

1. [Former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak appears in court for the second session of his trial with his two sons Alaa and Gamal who share corruption charges with him; the trial is subsequently adjourned and ordered to be merged with that of former Interior Minister Habib al-Adly. ](/news/2011/08/15/former-egyptian-president-hosni-mubarak-appears-in-court-for-the-second-session-of-his-trial-with-his-two-sons-alaa-and-gamal-who-share-corr.md) _Context: Alaa Mubarak, Egypt, Gamel, Hosni Mubarak_
2. [Egyptian authorities detain former president Hosni Mubarak and his sons Alaa and Gamal for 15 days as part of an investigation related to possible charges of corruption and abuse of power. ](/news/2011/04/13/egyptian-authorities-detain-former-president-hosni-mubarak-and-his-sons-alaa-and-gamal-for-15-days-as-part-of-an-investigation-related-to-po.md) _Context: Alaa Mubarak, Egypt, Gamel, Hosni Mubarak_
3. [A court in Cairo, Egypt, finds former president Hosni Mubarak and former interior minister Habib al-Adly guilty for complicity in the killings of demonstrators in the 2011 revolution that ousted Mubarak and both are sentenced to life in prison. Mubarak and his two sons, Gamal and Alaa, are all acquitted on separate corruption charges. ](/news/2012/06/2/a-court-in-cairo-egypt-finds-former-president-hosni-mubarak-and-former-interior-minister-habib-al-adly-guilty-for-complicity-in-the-killin.md) _Context: Alaa Mubarak, Gamel, Hosni Mubarak_
4. [Saudi Arabia announces the formation of a 34-member Islamic Military Alliance against terrorism including Egypt, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, Turkey, Malaysia and Pakistan with a joint operations centre based in Riyadh. ](/news/2015/12/15/saudi-arabia-announces-the-formation-of-a-34-member-islamic-military-alliance-against-terrorism-including-egypt-qatar-the-united-arab-emir.md) _Context: Egypt, United Arab Emirates_
5. [Egypt's highest court overturns and initiates a retrial on the only remaining conviction against former President Hosni Mubarak (a May 2014 sentencing of three years in prison for embezzlement). ](/news/2015/01/13/egypt-s-highest-court-overturns-and-initiates-a-retrial-on-the-only-remaining-conviction-against-former-president-hosni-mubarak-a-may-2014.md) _Context: Egypt, Hosni Mubarak_
6. [2014 Libyan conflict:Twice in the last seven days, Egypt and the United Arab Emirates have secretly teamed up to launch airstrikes against Islamist-allied militants  battling for control of Tripoli according to senior American officials. ](/news/2014/08/25/2014-libyan-conflict-ptwice-in-the-last-seven-days-egypt-and-the-united-arab-emirates-have-secretly-teamed-up-to-launch-airstrikes-against.md) _Context: Egypt, United Arab Emirates_
7. [Former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak's retrial on charges of corruption and conspiracy to kill protesters during the 2011 Egyptian revolution is transferred to another court. ](/news/2013/04/13/former-egyptian-president-hosni-mubarak-s-retrial-on-charges-of-corruption-and-conspiracy-to-kill-protesters-during-the-2011-egyptian-revolu.md) _Context: Egypt, Hosni Mubarak_
8. [In Egypt, Hosni Mubarak, ousted from power in last year's revolution, is reported to in a coma and has been taken off life support. ](/news/2012/06/20/in-egypt-hosni-mubarak-ousted-from-power-in-last-year-s-revolution-is-reported-to-in-a-coma-and-has-been-taken-off-life-support.md) _Context: Egypt, Hosni Mubarak_
9. [Arab Spring:post-Mubarak Egypt:Tens of thousands of people converge on Cairo's Tahrir Square to demonstrate against Egypt's military rulers, who have seized power following the ousting from power of Hosni Mubarak in last year's revolution. ](/news/2012/06/19/arab-spring-ppost-mubarak-egypt-ptens-of-thousands-of-people-converge-on-cairo-s-tahrir-square-to-demonstrate-against-egypt-s-military-ruler.md) _Context: Egypt, Hosni Mubarak_
10. [Voters in Egypt go to the polls for a second day to vote in the second round of a presidential election, with former prime minister Ahmed Shafik and Mohamed Morsi of the Muslim Brotherhood's Freedom and Justice Party both competing for the presidency. ](/news/2012/06/17/voters-in-egypt-go-to-the-polls-for-a-second-day-to-vote-in-the-second-round-of-a-presidential-election-with-former-prime-minister-ahmed-sh.md) _Context: Ahmed Shafiq, Egypt_
