### [2012-09-11](/news/2012/09/11/index.md)

# The United States commemorates the victims of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001. For the first time, no special security alert is raised on the anniversary of the attacks. 

NEW YORK -- With bagpipes and somber bells sounding a sharp counterpoint to the commemorative moments of silence, the nation on Tuesday marked the 11th anniversary of the terrorist attack that...


### Source:

1. [AP via CBS](http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-201_162-57510117/this-years-9-11-commemoration-a-turning-point/)
2. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/news/nation/nationnow/la-na-nn-9-11-anniversary-20120911,0,6720322.story)

### Related:

1. [In what is the deadliest mass shooting and the worst terror attack since 9/11 to occur in the United States, a mass shooting at a gay nightclub in the U.S. city of Orlando, Florida, kills at least 50 people, including the shooter, and injures 53. ](/news/2016/06/12/in-what-is-the-deadliest-mass-shooting-and-the-worst-terror-attack-since-9-11-to-occur-in-the-united-states-a-mass-shooting-at-a-gay-nightc.md) _Context: September 11 attacks, U.S._
2. [United States Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson says the Obama administration will announce a new terror alert system "in the coming days," that will better inform the public about threats to the United States. This will be the third terror alert system put in place since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. ](/news/2015/12/7/united-states-homeland-security-secretary-jeh-johnson-says-the-obama-administration-will-announce-a-new-terror-alert-system-in-the-coming-d.md) _Context: September 11 attacks, U.S._
3. [A cache of classified intelligence documents published from The Intercept, released by an anonymous whistleblower, highlight details surrounding post-September 11 attacks United States drone strikes in Afghanistan, Somalia, and Yemen, alleging that the United States conducts these strikes under extremely unreliable information and faulty pretenses. ](/news/2015/10/15/a-cache-of-classified-intelligence-documents-published-from-the-intercept-released-by-an-anonymous-whistleblower-highlight-details-surroun.md) _Context: September 11 attacks, U.S._
4. [United States counterterrorism officials investigate reports of a potential terrorist threat against either New York City or Washington DC, linked to the 10th anniversary of the September 11 attacks on Sunday. ](/news/2011/09/8/united-states-counterterrorism-officials-investigate-reports-of-a-potential-terrorist-threat-against-either-new-york-city-or-washington-dc.md) _Context: September 11 attacks, U.S._
5. [WikiLeaks reveals that the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation had launched an investigation of a previously unknown group of men believed to be involved in the September 11 attacks. ](/news/2011/02/2/wikileaks-reveals-that-the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigation-had-launched-an-investigation-of-a-previously-unknown-group-of-men.md) _Context: September 11 attacks, U.S._
6. [The United States approves more than $4 billion assistance for rescuers and residents whose health was affected after the September 11 attacks in New York City in 2001. ](/news/2010/12/22/the-united-states-approves-more-than-4-billion-assistance-for-rescuers-and-residents-whose-health-was-affected-after-the-september-11-attac.md) _Context: September 11 attacks, U.S._
7. [German officials say that Islamic militants whose disclosures have triggered a Europe-wide terror alert, have links to the perpetrators of the September 11 attacks on the United States in 2001. ](/news/2010/10/8/german-officials-say-that-islamic-militants-whose-disclosures-have-triggered-a-europe-wide-terror-alert-have-links-to-the-perpetrators-of-t.md) _Context: September 11 attacks, U.S._
8. [The United States commemorates the anniversary of the September 11 attacks with events in New York City, the Pentagon Memorial in Washington D.C. and in Shanksville, Pennsylvania, near where United Airlines Flight 93 crashed. ](/news/2010/09/11/the-united-states-commemorates-the-anniversary-of-the-september-11-attacks-with-events-in-new-york-city-the-pentagon-memorial-in-washington.md) _Context: September 11 attacks, U.S._
9. [Muslims protest outside the United States embassy in Jakarta about plans by the Dove World Outreach Center in Gainesville, Florida to burn Korans on the 9th anniversary of the September 11 attacks. ](/news/2010/08/27/muslims-protest-outside-the-united-states-embassy-in-jakarta-about-plans-by-the-dove-world-outreach-center-in-gainesville-florida-to-burn-k.md) _Context: September 11 attacks, U.S._
10. [A two-year "Top Secret America" investigation by "The Washington Post" concludes that United States intelligence gathering has grown so much since the September 11 attacks that neither its true cost, size nor effectiveness in keeping the country safe is actually known. ](/news/2010/07/19/a-two-year-top-secret-america-investigation-by-the-washington-post-concludes-that-united-states-intelligence-gathering-has-grown-so-much.md) _Context: September 11 attacks, U.S._
