### [2003-07-4](/news/2003/07/4/index.md)

#   A tape, purporting to be of Saddam Hussein and to have been made on June 14, is broadcast on Al Jazeera, the Arabic language satellite television station. If it is Saddam, it marks the first public communication from the former Iraqi leader since his disappearance early on in the Invasion of Iraq. The United States military captures Turkish military personnel and lead them away with hoods over their heads.




### Related:

1. [ Iraq's government calculates that more than 110,000 Iraqis have died since the Iraq War began in 2003. ](/news/2009/04/23/iraq-s-government-calculates-that-more-than-110-000-iraqis-have-died-since-the-iraq-war-began-in-2003.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, Iraq War_
2. [ Iraq War: Shia cleric Moqtada al-Sadr calls for an anti-American protest on the fourth anniversary of the overthrow of Saddam Hussein. Hundreds of thousands of Shias gather in Najaf for a  demonstration  calling for U.S.-led troops to leave Iraq. ](/news/2007/04/9/iraq-war-shia-cleric-moqtada-al-sadr-calls-for-an-anti-american-protest-on-the-fourth-anniversary-of-the-overthrow-of-saddam-hussein-hund.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraq War, Saddam Hussein_
3. [ The United States Senate states there is no evidence of formal links between Iraqi ex-leader Saddam Hussein and al-Qaeda leaders in Iraq prior to the 2003 Iraq War. ](/news/2006/09/8/the-united-states-senate-states-there-is-no-evidence-of-formal-links-between-iraqi-ex-leader-saddam-hussein-and-al-qaeda-leaders-in-iraq-pr.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraq War, Saddam Hussein_
4. [ Iraq War: Saddam Hussein, 69, the deposed former Iraqi President, has been force-fed in a Baghdad hospital through a tube after 16 days of hunger strike. ](/news/2006/07/24/iraq-war-p-saddam-hussein-69-the-deposed-former-iraqi-president-has-been-force-fed-in-a-baghdad-hospital-through-a-tube-after-16-days-of.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraq War, Saddam Hussein_
5. [ Pentagon: It is alleged by a report that Russia gave intelligence information to Saddam Hussein's Iraq regarding American troop movements during the early stages of the Iraq War. ](/news/2006/03/24/pentagon-it-is-alleged-by-a-report-that-russia-gave-intelligence-information-to-saddam-hussein-s-iraq-regarding-american-troop-movements-d.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraq War, Saddam Hussein_
6. [ Iraq hanged three men in the first executions in the country since the 2003 invasion. They were part of the Jaish Ansar al-Sunna group and had been convicted of kidnapping and murdering three policemen and abducting, raping and killing Iraqi women. Iraqi President Jalal Talabani refused to sign the death warrants, but his Deputy President Adel Abdul Mehdi signed instead. Talabani has also said he will refuse to sign the death warrant of Saddam Hussein should he be convicted and sentenced to death. ](/news/2005/09/1/iraq-hanged-three-men-in-the-first-executions-in-the-country-since-the-2003-invasion-they-were-part-of-the-jaish-ansar-al-sunna-group-and.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
7. [ George Galloway, British MP and anti-war campaigner, appears before the United States Senate to defend himself against charges that he profited from Saddam Hussein's regime, launching a tirade against the senators who had accused him and attacking the war in Iraq. ](/news/2005/05/17/george-galloway-british-mp-and-anti-war-campaigner-appears-before-the-united-states-senate-to-defend-himself-against-charges-that-he-prof.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
8. [ 2003 occupation of Iraq: 7 newly US-trained Iraqi policemen are killed and at least 13 are wounded by an explosion while they are marching from training school in Ramadi. The American forces overseeing the rebuilding of Iraq's infrastructure, who gave their blessing to the march taking place, blames loyalists to Saddam Hussein; some people on the scene blame U.S. forces. It is the first attack on Iraqis collaborating with the invading coalition forces, as opposed to on the forces themselves. ](/news/2003/07/5/2003-occupation-of-iraq-7-newly-us-trained-iraqi-policemen-are-killed-and-at-least-13-are-wounded-by-an-explosion-while-they-are-marching.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, Saddam Hussein_
9. [Iraqi authorities ban Qatar-based satellite television network Al Jazeera from broadcasting in the country and closes its offices in Baghdad, accusing it of violating government guidelines issued in 2014 to regulate media "during the war on terror". ](/news/2016/04/27/iraqi-authorities-ban-qatar-based-satellite-television-network-al-jazeera-from-broadcasting-in-the-country-and-closes-its-offices-in-baghdad.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Iraq_
10. [Post-Iraq War:The International Criminal Court will conduct a preliminary examination in the claims that United Kingdom forces abused Iraqi detainees between 2003 and 2008. ](/news/2014/05/13/post-iraq-war-pthe-international-criminal-court-will-conduct-a-preliminary-examination-in-the-claims-that-united-kingdom-forces-abused-iraqi.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraq War_
