### [2017-05-14](/news/2017/05/14/index.md)

# French presidential election, 2017. France swears in Emmanuel Macron as the 25th President of France. 

New French President Emmanuel Macron pledges to work to overcome divisions in society.


### Source:

1. [Reuters via ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2017-05-14/macron-takes-power-as-president-of-france/8525506)

### Related:

1. [French presidential election, 2017. Voters in France return to the polls for a run-off, to elect either Emmanuel Macron or Marine Le Pen as the new President of France.](/news/2017/05/7/french-presidential-election-2017-voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-for-a-run-off-to-elect-either-emmanuel-macron-or-marine-le-pen-as.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, France, President of France, last month's presidential election_
2. [French legislative election, 2017. Voters in France return to the polls after last month's presidential election for the first round of a legislative election, to begin choosing the 577 members of France's lower house. Opinion polls and exit polls predict that En Marche!, formed by newly elected President Emmanuel Macron, will pick up a majority of seats. ](/news/2017/06/11/french-legislative-election-2017-voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-after-last-month-s-presidential-election-for-the-first-round-of-a-le.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, France, last month's presidential election_
3. [French presidential election, 2017. Voting begins in territories and diplomatic missions west of Metropolitan France for the second round of the presidential election between Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen. ](/news/2017/05/6/french-presidential-election-2017-voting-begins-in-territories-and-diplomatic-missions-west-of-metropolitan-france-for-the-second-round-of.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, President of France, last month's presidential election_
4. [French presidential election, 2017. With polls showing a close race with Emmanuel Macron and Jean-Luc Mlenchon, Marine Le Pen of the National Front pledges to temporarily suspend all immigration, "legal and illegal", to France. ](/news/2017/04/18/french-presidential-election-2017-with-polls-showing-a-close-race-with-emmanuel-macron-and-jean-luc-melenchon-marine-le-pen-of-the-nation.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, France, last month's presidential election_
5. [French presidential election, 2017. Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy resigns as leader of The Republicans party and announces his candidacy for President again. ](/news/2016/07/3/french-presidential-election-2017-former-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-resigns-as-leader-of-the-republicans-party-and-announces-his-can.md) _Context: France, President of France, last month's presidential election_
6. [French presidential election, 2017. Files purportedly from the campaign of Emmanuel Macron are posted online. Macron campaign officials say the files are a mix of fake and authentic documents and drew parallels with what happened in the 2016 US Presidential elections. ](/news/2017/05/5/french-presidential-election-2017-files-purportedly-from-the-campaign-of-emmanuel-macron-are-posted-online-macron-campaign-officials-say.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, last month's presidential election_
7. [French presidential election, 2017. Candidates Marine Le Pen and Emmanuel Macron face off in a debate. ](/news/2017/05/3/french-presidential-election-2017-candidates-marine-le-pen-and-emmanuel-macron-face-off-in-a-debate.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, last month's presidential election_
8. [President of France Emmanuel Macron nominates the full Edouard Philippe government. Jean-Yves Le Drian becomes foreign minister, Sylvie Goulard defence minister, Bruno Le Maire minister of economy, and Gerard Collomb minister of the interior. ](/news/2017/05/17/president-of-france-emmanuel-macron-nominates-the-full-adouard-philippe-government-jean-yves-le-drian-becomes-foreign-minister-sylvie-gou.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, President of France_
9. [2017 French presidential election. Voters in France go to the polls to elect a new president; Marine Le Pen and Emmanuel Macron qualify for the second round. ](/news/2017/04/23/2017-french-presidential-election-voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-a-new-president-marine-le-pen-and-emmanuel-macron-qualify-for.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, President of France_
10. [French presidential election, 2017. New polls show Francois Fillon and Jean-Luc Melenchon neck and neck behind the frontrunners Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen ahead of the upcoming first round of the election. ](/news/2017/04/20/french-presidential-election-2017-new-polls-show-franassois-fillon-and-jean-luc-ma-c-lenchon-neck-and-neck-behind-the-frontrunners-emmanuel-m.md) _Context: Emmanuel Macron, last month's presidential election_
