### [2017-05-14](/news/2017/05/14/index.md)

# North Rhine-Westphalia state election, 2017: Voters in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia head to the polls, with the media suggesting a victory for Angela Merkel's CDU over the SPD, who have lead the state for all but five years since 1966. 

German media projections show clear win for Merkel&#39;s party and defeat for social-democrats in their own stronghold.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/05/germans-vote-north-rhine-westphalia-state-elections-170514065342750.html)

### Related:

1. [Mecklenburg-Vorpommern state election, 2016: German Chancellor Angela Merkel defends her stance regarding the European migrant crisis despite her party losing in the key election. ](/news/2016/09/6/mecklenburg-vorpommern-state-election-2016-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-defends-her-stance-regarding-the-european-migrant-crisis-despit.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, CDU_
2. [Elections in Germany: Regional elections take place in the German states of Baden-Wurttemberg, Rhineland-Palatinate and Saxony-Anhalt with the governing Christian Democratic Union performing poorly, the centre-left Social Democratic Party of Germany winning in Rhineland-Palatinate, and the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany performing well in all three states. ](/news/2016/03/13/elections-in-germany-regional-elections-take-place-in-the-german-states-of-baden-wa1-4rttemberg-rhineland-palatinate-and-saxony-anhalt-with.md) _Context: CDU, SPD_
3. [European migration crisis: On the eve of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) party's convention in Karlsruhe, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel says, "We want to noticeably reduce the number of people who come to us, but not through unilateral national measures alone." She acknowledges the crisis could overwhelm Germany if it went on much longer. Merkel warded off pressure from immigration skeptics within the CDU to include a quota in the refugee policy motion the convention will vote on. ](/news/2015/12/13/european-migration-crisis-on-the-eve-of-the-christian-democratic-union-cdu-party-s-convention-in-karlsruhe-chancellor-of-germany-angela.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, CDU_
4. [The Social Democratic Party of Germany agrees to join a coalition government led by Chancellor Angela Merkel. ](/news/2013/12/14/the-social-democratic-party-of-germany-agrees-to-join-a-coalition-government-led-by-chancellor-angela-merkel.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, SPD_
5. [Voters in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia head to the polls for an election, with the Social Democratic Party of Germany winning the most votes, allowing it to continue in government with the support of the Greens. ](/news/2012/05/13/voters-in-the-german-state-of-north-rhine-westphalia-head-to-the-polls-for-an-election-with-the-social-democratic-party-of-germany-winning.md) _Context: North Rhine-Westphalia, SPD_
6. [Voters in the German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern go to the polls for a state election with the Social Democrats and Greens performing well and the Christian Democrats and Free Democrats performing poorly. ](/news/2011/09/4/voters-in-the-german-state-of-mecklenburg-vorpommern-go-to-the-polls-for-a-state-election-with-the-social-democrats-and-greens-performing-we.md) _Context: CDU, SPD_
7. [The regional coalition of Christian-Democrats (CDU) and Free Democrats (FDP) are voted out of office in North Rhine-Westphalia (NRW), which may lead to the federal government of Chancellor Angela Merkel losing its majority in the upper house. ](/news/2010/05/9/the-regional-coalition-of-christian-democrats-cdu-and-free-democrats-fdp-are-voted-out-of-office-in-north-rhine-westphalia-nrw-which.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, North Rhine-Westphalia_
8. [ After two months of negotiations, Angela Merkel is elected the first female Chancellor of Germany by a coalition of the CDU/CSU and SPD delegates in the Bundestag. ](/news/2005/11/22/after-two-months-of-negotiations-angela-merkel-is-elected-the-first-female-chancellor-of-germany-by-a-coalition-of-the-cdu-csu-and-spd-del.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, SPD_
9. [ Germany: Conferences of the CDU, CSU and SPD approve a coalition deal that will see Angela Merkel become Chancellor on November 22. ](/news/2005/11/14/germany-conferences-of-the-cdu-csu-and-spd-approve-a-coalition-deal-that-will-see-angela-merkel-become-chancellor-on-november-22.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, SPD_
10. [ A new Bundestag (German parliament) is chosen. In a very tight election, Gerhard Schrder defeats Edmund Stoiber to remain Chancellor. The German Green Party does very well. The coalition between the SPD and the German Green Party continue with Joschka Fischer as vice chancellor.: Politics of Germany, Bundestag, List of political parties in Germany (SPD, CDU/CSU, Greens, FDP, PDS): People: Guido Westerwelle (Chancellor-Candidate of the FDP)](/news/2002/09/22/a-new-bundestag-german-parliament-is-chosen-in-a-very-tight-election-gerhard-schroder-defeats-edmund-stoiber-to-remain-chancellor-the.md) _Context: CDU, SPD_
