### [2017-05-14](/news/2017/05/14/index.md)

# The Government of China begins a two-day summit in Beijing, in an attempt to raise international support for its Belt and Road Initiative. 

The Chinese Government is inviting world leaders to Beijing to sell them its hugely ambitious, signature One Belt One Road project.


### Source:

1. [Australian Broadcasting Corporation](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2017-05-14/china-plans-new-silk-road-to-dominate-world-trade/8522682)

### Related:

1. [The Chinese government warns residents in Northern China to prepare for a wave of choking smog arriving over the weekend and lasting through Tuesday, with Beijing affected hardest. The capital city issues its second-ever "red alert" -- the first was announced on December 7, 2015. This alert triggers the odd-even license plate system to halve cars on the road, and recommends schools close. China's National Meteorological Center reports the pollution will stretch from Xi'an, across part of Central China, through Beijing and up into Shenyang and Harbin in China's frigid northeast. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-chinese-government-warns-residents-in-northern-china-to-prepare-for-a-wave-of-choking-smog-arriving-over-the-weekend-and-lasting-through.md) _Context: Beijing, Government of China_
2. [A stalemate between China and India leads to fears that the ongoing stand-off over Doklam in the Himalayas, disputed by Bhutan, may continue into the winter. It comes after rumors that Indian National Security Adviser Ajit Doval may travel to Beijing later this month. "[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/beijing-wont-have-formal-talks-with-india-stand-off-may-continue-till-winter-chinese-expert/articleshow/59615025.cms (Economic Times)]"](/news/2017/07/16/a-stalemate-between-china-and-india-leads-to-fears-that-the-ongoing-stand-off-over-doklam-in-the-himalayas-disputed-by-bhutan-may-continue.md) _Context: Beijing_
3. [Following the death of 22-year-old U.S. student Otto Warmbier, touring firm Young Pioneer Tours, who arranged Otto's visit to North Korea, say they will no longer be taking U.S. citizens to North Korea as the "risk is too high". Beijing-based Koryo Tours say they are reviewing their positions on taking U.S. citizens to the country. ](/news/2017/06/20/following-the-death-of-22-year-old-u-s-student-otto-warmbier-touring-firm-young-pioneer-tours-who-arranged-otto-s-visit-to-north-korea-s.md) _Context: Beijing_
4. [Former United States officials report that 18-20 Central Intelligence Agency sources were killed or imprisoned by the Government of China between 2010 and 2012, which significantly hampered the United States Intelligence Community. ](/news/2017/05/20/former-united-states-officials-report-that-18a20-central-intelligence-agency-sources-were-killed-or-imprisoned-by-the-government-of-china.md) _Context: Government of China_
5. [Prime Minister of Norway Erna Solberg meets with Premier of the People's Republic of China Li Keqiang in Beijing to announce the end of a diplomatic freeze between the countries and the resumption of free trade negotiations between China and Norway. ](/news/2017/04/7/prime-minister-of-norway-erna-solberg-meets-with-premier-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-li-keqiang-in-beijing-to-announce-the-end-of-a-di.md) _Context: Beijing_
6. [Pro-Beijing Hong Kong leader CY Leung says he will quit after his term ends. ](/news/2016/12/9/pro-beijing-hong-kong-leader-cy-leung-says-he-will-quit-after-his-term-ends.md) _Context: Beijing_
7. [Companies shut down production in Beijing and cars are taken off the road after a red alert for smog is issued in northern China. Dozens of cities have closed schools due to the smog. ](/news/2016/12/19/companies-shut-down-production-in-beijing-and-cars-are-taken-off-the-road-after-a-red-alert-for-smog-is-issued-in-northern-china-dozens-of.md) _Context: Beijing_
8. [Cybersecurity software maker Check Point reports "HummingBad" malware has infected at least 10 million Android devices, mostly in China and India. Check Point says a team of developers based in Beijing is behind "HummingBad" which gives hackers administrative-level access to infected devices. Apple devices have been hit by similar malware. ](/news/2016/07/5/cybersecurity-software-maker-check-point-reports-hummingbad-malware-has-infected-at-least-10-million-android-devices-mostly-in-china-and.md) _Context: Beijing_
9. [ Gou Zhongwen replaces the disgraced Lu Xiwen as the Deputy Party Secretary of Beijing. ](/news/2016/05/8/gou-zhongwen-replaces-the-disgraced-lu-xiwen-as-the-deputy-party-secretary-of-beijing.md) _Context: Beijing_
10. [The People's Republic of China announces that it will prosecute 357 people for the illegal sale of vaccines. ](/news/2016/04/14/the-people-s-republic-of-china-announces-that-it-will-prosecute-357-people-for-the-illegal-sale-of-vaccines.md) _Context: Government of China_
