### [2017-05-14](/news/2017/05/14/index.md)

# U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435 miles reaching an altitude of more than 1,245 miles before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60 miles south of Russia's city of Vladivostok. 

Japan says it reached an altitude of 2,000km which, if confirmed, could show a technological advance.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-39911530)
2. [CBS via MSN](http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/world/north-korea-fires-unidentified-projectile-south-korean-military-says/ar-BBB6eP3)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-northkorea-missiles-idUSKBN1890UO)

### Related:

1. [South Korea claims that North Korea has fired several missiles from the Sohae Satellite Launching Station into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/03/6/south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-several-missiles-from-the-sohae-satellite-launching-station-into-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, Sea of Japan_
2. [North Korea test fires a ballistic missile over the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/02/12/north-korea-test-fires-a-ballistic-missile-over-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, Sea of Japan_
3. [The United States Defense Department reports its Strategic Command systems detected a failed North Korean ballistic missile launch near the city of Kusong in North Pyongan Province. ](/news/2016/10/15/the-united-states-defense-department-reports-its-strategic-command-systems-detected-a-failed-north-korean-ballistic-missile-launch-near-the.md) _Context: Kusong, North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
4. [The South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff and the United States Strategic Command report North Korea fires three ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. The short-range ballistic missiles flew about 500 to 600 kilometers (310 to 375 miles) before crashing in the sea, sufficient to target the southern part of South Korea where the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system is set to be installed. ](/news/2016/07/19/the-south-korean-joint-chiefs-of-staff-and-the-united-states-strategic-command-report-north-korea-fires-three-ballistic-missiles-into-the-se.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, Sea of Japan_
5. [South Korea claims that North Korea has launched several short range missiles into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2016/03/3/south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-launched-several-short-range-missiles-into-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, Sea of Japan_
6. [A South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff official reports North Korea launched five short-range missiles from  the eastern city of Hamhung into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2016/03/21/a-south-korean-joint-chiefs-of-staff-official-reports-north-korea-launched-five-short-range-missiles-from-the-eastern-city-of-hamhung-into.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, Sea of Japan_
7. [The South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff and  a U.S. defense official report that North Korea fired two  ballistic missiles from the South Pyongan Province. One flew 800 kilometers (497 miles) into the Sea of Japan. The other disappeared at an altitude of about 17 kilometers (10.5 miles). ](/news/2016/03/18/the-south-korean-joint-chiefs-of-staff-and-a-u-s-defense-official-report-that-north-korea-fired-two-ballistic-missiles-from-the-south-pyo.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, Sea of Japan_
8. [ North Korea restricts access to the Sea of Japan, near Wonsan, from June 10-30, possibly indicating future missile testing. ](/news/2009/06/8/north-korea-restricts-access-to-the-sea-of-japan-near-wonsan-from-june-10a30-possibly-indicating-future-missile-testing.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, Sea of Japan_
9. [ North Korea fired a volley of missiles into the sea warning that it might stop disabling its nuclear facilities unless the United States dropped its demands for more details about North Korea's nuclear arsenal. A day before, North Korea expelled 11 South Korean officials from an industrial park north of the border that separates the two Koreas. ](/news/2008/03/28/north-korea-fired-a-volley-of-missiles-into-the-sea-warning-that-it-might-stop-disabling-its-nuclear-facilities-unless-the-united-states-dr.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, South Korean_
10. [  North Korea vows to accelerate its nuclear weapons programme to "maximum pace" and test a nuclear device "at any time" in response to U.S. President Donald Trump's aggressive stance towards the regime. ](/news/2017/05/2/north-korea-vows-to-accelerate-its-nuclear-weapons-programme-to-amaximum-pacea-and-test-a-nuclear-device-aat-any-timea-in-response.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
