### [2003-12-1](/news/2003/12/1/index.md)

#  Boeing Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Phil Condit resigns, a week after the aviation giant fires its Chief Financial Officer in an ethics scandal. The move comes as the company faces scrutiny by the Defense Department for a government plan to acquire Boeing 767 planes for use as refueling tankers and answers questions about the ousters of two executives for ethical misconduct during the period it was being negotiated. Former McDonnell Douglas CEO Harry Stonecipher will succeed Condit as CEO, while former Hewlett-Packard chairman and CEO Lewis Platt takes over as chairman. [http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml?type=businessNews&storyID=412789&section=finance]




### Related:

1. [Boeing's CFO Greg Smith announces that Boeing won't raise production of its 787 Dreamliner to fourteen per month as previously expected, but will keep it at 12 while continuing to monitor demand. ](/news/2016/08/10/boeing-s-cfo-greg-smith-announces-that-boeing-won-t-raise-production-of-its-787-dreamliner-to-fourteen-per-month-as-previously-expected-but.md) _Context: Boeing, CFO_
2. [Former Hewlett-Packard Chief Executive Officer Carly Fiorina announces that she will be seeking the Republican Party nomination for the 2016 presidential election. ](/news/2015/05/4/former-hewlett-packard-chief-executive-officer-carly-fiorina-announces-that-she-will-be-seeking-the-republican-party-nomination-for-the-2016.md) _Context: Hewlett-Packard, chief executive officer_
3. [The US Air Force awards Boeing a $35billion contract to build aerial refueling tankers.](/news/2011/02/24/the-us-air-force-awards-boeing-a-35billion-contract-to-build-aerial-refueling-tankers.md) _Context: Boeing, aerial refueling tankers_
4. [Mark Hurd resigns as chief executive officer of computer company Hewlett-Packard following investigation of a sexual harassment claim. ](/news/2010/08/6/mark-hurd-resigns-as-chief-executive-officer-of-computer-company-hewlett-packard-following-investigation-of-a-sexual-harassment-claim.md) _Context: Hewlett-Packard, chief executive officer_
5. [ General Motors Chairman/CEO Rick Wagoner resigns. ](/news/2009/03/29/general-motors-chairman-ceo-rick-wagoner-resigns.md) _Context: chairman, chief executive officer_
6. [ Yahoo! names Autodesk chairwoman Carol Bartz as its CEO. ](/news/2009/01/13/yahoo-names-autodesk-chairwoman-carol-bartz-as-its-ceo.md) _Context: chairman, chief executive officer_
7. [ Northrop Grumman and EADS win a US$35 billion U.S. Air Force contract to build a new refueling plane, the KC-45, shutting out Boeing. ](/news/2008/02/29/northrop-grumman-and-eads-win-a-us-35-billion-u-s-air-force-contract-to-build-a-new-refueling-plane-the-kc-45-shutting-out-boeing.md) _Context: Boeing, aerial refueling tankers_
8. [ Carly Fiorina, widely considered one of the most powerful women in American business, resigns her post as CEO of Hewlett-Packard, having been asked to do so by the company's board of directors after she failed to cut costs and increase revenue as quickly as the board had hoped. She had served as CEO of the company since 1999 and Chairman of the Board since 2000. ](/news/2005/02/9/carly-fiorina-widely-considered-one-of-the-most-powerful-women-in-american-business-resigns-her-post-as-ceo-of-hewlett-packard-having-be.md) _Context: Hewlett-Packard, chief executive officer_
9. [Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald-trump-and-top-pentagon-officials-over-the-president-s-policy-change-a.md) _Context: U.S. military_
10. [The Pentagon is considering conducting airstrikes in Marawi, which if approved would later put U.S. troops on the ground to battle the ISIS-affiliated Maute group as well as related Islamist terror groups. A spokesperson later denied the claims as well as clarified that the Philippines has yet to make a request. ](/news/2017/08/8/the-pentagon-is-considering-conducting-airstrikes-in-marawi-which-if-approved-would-later-put-u-s-troops-on-the-ground-to-battle-the-isis.md) _Context: U.S. military_
