### [2003-12-1](/news/2003/12/1/index.md)

#  King Harald V of Norway is announced to be suffering from cancer of the bladder; he will be operated on next Monday, December 8. During the King's illness and two to three month convalescence, Crown Prince Haakon will be acting regent. [http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article.jhtml?articleID=682035]




### Related:

1. [King Harald V of Norway successfully undergoes a 5-hour cancer operation in which his bladder is removed and a new one constructed, at Rikshospitalet University Hospital in Oslo. [http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article.jhtml?articleID=686979]](/news/2003/12/8/king-harald-v-of-norway-successfully-undergoes-a-51-2-hour-cancer-operation-in-which-his-bladder-is-removed-and-a-new-one-constructed-at-riks.md) _Context: King, bladder cancer_
2. [Traditional cigarette smoking is a major risk factor for bladder cancer. e-Cigarettes have gained popularity, in part because they are perceived as a safer alternative. Researchers at the University of Pittsburgh in Pennsylvania describe at the American Urological Association a study in which the widely held belief that e-cigarettes do not pose a cancer threat may be wishful thinking. The new pilot study that focuses on the potential impact on bladder cancer. The small study showed that two known carcinogens, o-toluidine and 2-naphthylamine, were found in the urine of e-cigarette users but not in nonusers. Previous studies of traditional cigarette smokers have identified o-toluidine and 2-naphthylamine as the two most carcinogenic molecules for the bladder. ](/news/2017/05/15/traditional-cigarette-smoking-is-a-major-risk-factor-for-bladder-cancer-e-cigarettes-have-gained-popularity-in-part-because-they-are-perce.md) _Context: bladder cancer_
3. [Solberg's Cabinet is appointed as the 61st cabinet of Norway by the King following the parliamentary election on 9 September. date=October 2013 ](/news/2013/10/16/solberg-s-cabinet-is-appointed-as-the-61st-cabinet-of-norway-by-the-king-following-the-parliamentary-election-on-9-september-date-october-2.md) _Context: King_
4. [ King Fahd of Saudi Arabia has died in a hospital at the age of 83.  It was believed that he was in poor health and entered the hospital on May 27 with acute pneumonia.  Crown Prince Abdullah, who had been effective regent for years, accedes to the throne.  Defence Minister Prince Sultan will be the new Crown Prince. (Wikinews) ](/news/2005/08/1/king-fahd-of-saudi-arabia-has-died-in-a-hospital-at-the-age-of-83-it-was-believed-that-he-was-in-poor-health-and-entered-the-hospital-on.md) _Context: regent_
