### [2003-12-1](/news/2003/12/1/index.md)

#  President Chen Shui-bian says that the hundreds of missiles the People's Republic of China has aimed at Taiwan justifies holding a referendum on independence. The referendum bill recently passed by the Legislative Yuan only allows votes on sovereignty if the country is attacked by a foreign power. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/3252246.stm]




### Related:

1. [ Four state-owned enterprises of the Republic of China (Taiwan)--Chunghwa Post, the Chinese Petroleum Corporation, the China Shipbuilding Corporation, and the Central Bank of China--change their names to remove "China" from their titles at the request of President Chen Shui-bian. The decision is condemned by the Pan-Blue Coalition, the United States and People's Republic of China as a move towards Taiwan independence. ](/news/2007/02/12/four-state-owned-enterprises-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-achunghwa-post-the-chinese-petroleum-corporation-the-china-shipbuilding-c.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, China, President, Taiwan, Taiwan, independence_
2. [ The PRC objects to former US President Bill Clinton's plan to visit Taiwan and meet with the ROC President Chen Shui-bian. ](/news/2005/02/24/the-prc-objects-to-former-us-president-bill-clinton-s-plan-to-visit-taiwan-and-meet-with-the-roc-president-chen-shui-bian.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, China, President, Taiwan, Taiwan_
3. [ The People's Republic of China rejects an offer by Taiwanese President Chen Shui-bian to begin a peace dialogue, deriding the offer as "meaningless", and accusing Chen of making "an open and audacious expression of Taiwan independence" by explicitly stating that the "Republic of China is Taiwan and Taiwan is the Republic of China". ](/news/2004/10/13/the-people-s-republic-of-china-rejects-an-offer-by-taiwanese-president-chen-shui-bian-to-begin-a-peace-dialogue-deriding-the-offer-as-mea.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, Taiwan, Taiwan, independence_
4. [ Foreign Minister of People's Republic of China Li Zhaoxing criticises President of the Republic of China Chen Shui-bian for making calls for Taiwan independence. ](/news/2007/03/6/foreign-minister-of-people-s-republic-of-china-li-zhaoxing-criticises-president-of-the-republic-of-china-chen-shui-bian-for-making-calls-fo.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, China, President, independence_
5. [In Taiwan, President Chen Shui-bian signs a law that allows referendums to be held. The People's Republic of China condemns this. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/asia-pacific/3358655.stm]](/news/2003/12/31/in-taiwan-president-chen-shui-bian-signs-a-law-that-allows-referendums-to-be-held-the-people-s-republic-of-china-condemns-this-http-ne.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, China, President, Taiwan_
6. [ The People's Republic of China expresses firm opposition to US restrictions on imports of textiles (from mainland China) and vows to take the dispute to the WTO. Abandoning tolerance toward Taiwan for the first time since 2000, the PRC threatens to use force and, ultimately, conduct war against Taiwan if it pursues independence. The PRC's state press condemns Taiwanese President Chen Shui-bian's move toward holding a referendum on "independence" and providing the legislative framework for declaring a Republic of Taiwan.](/news/2003/11/19/the-people-s-republic-of-china-expresses-firm-opposition-to-us-restrictions-on-imports-of-textiles-from-mainland-china-and-vows-to-take-t.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, Taiwan, independence_
7. [The People's Republic of China lodges a complaint with the United States after President-elect of the United States Donald Trump speaks with President of Taiwan Tsai Ing-wen. The PRC and the United States view Taiwan as a breakaway province. ](/news/2016/12/3/the-people-s-republic-of-china-lodges-a-complaint-with-the-united-states-after-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-speaks-with.md) _Context: China, President, Taiwan_
8. [Former president of Taiwan Chen Shui-bian's life sentence is cut to twenty years in prison. ](/news/2010/06/10/former-president-of-taiwan-chen-shui-bian-s-life-sentence-is-cut-to-twenty-years-in-prison.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, Taiwan_
9. [ Taiwan's President Ma Ying-jeou calls on China to remove missiles targeting the island. ](/news/2009/10/30/taiwan-s-president-ma-ying-jeou-calls-on-china-to-remove-missiles-targeting-the-island.md) _Context: China, President, Taiwan_
10. [ A judge in Taipei, Taiwan, rules that the former President Chen Shui-bian, should be held in jail while prosecutors seek his conviction on charges of money laundering and corruption. ](/news/2008/11/12/a-judge-in-taipei-taiwan-rules-that-the-former-president-chen-shui-bian-should-be-held-in-jail-while-prosecutors-seek-his-conviction-on.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, Taiwan_
