### [2003-12-1](/news/2003/12/1/index.md)

#  The UN's International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda hands down a life sentence to Juvenal Kajelijeli, a former mayor of Mukingo, Nyanza District, for his role in the 1994 genocide in which more than 500,000 Rwandans were killed. [http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&cid=515&ncid=723&e=5&u=/ap/20031201/ap_on_re_af/un_rwanda_tribunal]




### Related:

1. [A French court sentences two former Rwandan mayors of the town of Kabarondo to life in prison on charges of crimes against humanity and genocide committed during the Rwandan Genocide in 1994. During the genocide, Hutu extremists massacred over 2,000 Tutsi who sought refuge in the town. ](/news/2016/07/7/a-french-court-sentences-two-former-rwandan-mayors-of-the-town-of-kabarondo-to-life-in-prison-on-charges-of-crimes-against-humanity-and-geno.md) _Context: Rwanda, genocide_
2. [Rwanda withdraws a threat to remove its peacekeepers from Darfur after a United Nations report accused the Rwandan army of genocide in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2010/09/27/rwanda-withdraws-a-threat-to-remove-its-peacekeepers-from-darfur-after-a-united-nations-report-accused-the-rwandan-army-of-genocide-in-the-d.md) _Context: Rwanda, genocide_
3. [Former Rwandan administrator Dominique Ntawukulilyayo is given a 25-year sentence of imprisonment by the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda after being convicted of the transportation of soldiers during the Rwandan Genocide. ](/news/2010/08/3/former-rwandan-administrator-dominique-ntawukulilyayo-is-given-a-25-year-sentence-of-imprisonment-by-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, Rwanda_
4. [A draft United Nations report says crimes by the Rwandan army and allied rebels in Democratic Republic of the Congo during the Second Congo War could be classified as genocide. ](/news/2010/08/27/a-draft-united-nations-report-says-crimes-by-the-rwandan-army-and-allied-rebels-in-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-during-the-second-congo.md) _Context: Rwanda, genocide_
5. [Jwani Mwaikusa, a senior Tanzanian defence lawyer at the United Nations-backed tribunal for Rwanda, is fatally shot outside his home in Dar es Salaam. His nephew and neighbour are also killed. ](/news/2010/07/15/jwani-mwaikusa-a-senior-tanzanian-defence-lawyer-at-the-united-nations-backed-tribunal-for-rwanda-is-fatally-shot-outside-his-home-in-dar.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, Rwanda_
6. [Rwanda president Paul Kagame's rival Victoire Ingabire Umuhoza is released one day after her arrest on charges of terrorism and genocide denial but banned from leaving Kigali and ordered to report to authorities twice a month. ](/news/2010/04/22/rwanda-president-paul-kagame-s-rival-victoire-ingabire-umuhoza-is-released-one-day-after-her-arrest-on-charges-of-terrorism-and-genocide-den.md) _Context: Rwanda, genocide_
7. [Rwandan opposition leader Victoire Ingabire Umuhoza is arrested on charges such as collaboration with a terrorist organisation and genocide denial. ](/news/2010/04/21/rwandan-opposition-leader-victoire-ingabire-umuhoza-is-arrested-on-charges-such-as-collaboration-with-a-terrorist-organisation-and-genocide.md) _Context: Rwanda, genocide_
8. [The International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda (ICTR) jails Lieut-Col Eprem Setako, the Ministry of Defence's former head of legal affairs, for 25 years after finding him guilty of genocide and crimes against humanity. ](/news/2010/02/25/the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-rwanda-ictr-jails-lieut-col-eprem-setako-the-ministry-of-defence-s-former-head-of-legal-affairs.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, genocide_
9. [ Democratic Republic of Congo transfers Grgoire Ndahimana to the International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda (ICTR) to stand trial for the massacre of at least 2,000 Rwandan Tutsis during the 1994 genocide. ](/news/2009/09/20/democratic-republic-of-congo-transfers-gregoire-ndahimana-to-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-rwanda-ictr-to-stand-trial-for-the-m.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda, Rwanda_
10. [ Gregoire Ndahimana, a Rwandan fugitive accused of genocide and crimes against humanity, is arrested by a joint Rwandan-Congolese military operation. ](/news/2009/08/12/gregoire-ndahimana-a-rwandan-fugitive-accused-of-genocide-and-crimes-against-humanity-is-arrested-by-a-joint-rwandan-congolese-military-o.md) _Context: Rwanda, genocide_
