### [2015-11-25](/news/2015/11/25/index.md)

# 2015-16 Australian bushfire season. A bushfire burns out of control near the South Australian town of Wasleys with authorities warning of significant risk to lives and property. Two deaths have been confirmed with another person feared dead. 

Residents tell of the horror of the major bushfire burning in South Australia, with one revealing he had no choice but to leave thousands of animals at a piggery for dead.


### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-11-25/residents-describe-terror-of-mallala-bushfire/6974200)
2. [ABC News](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-11-26/interstate-fire-crews-to-join-fight-against-deadly-sa-blaze/6974372)

### Related:

1. [2015-16 Australian bushfire season. Emergency warnings are issued after bushfires threaten the Victorian towns of Mount Bolton and Addington northwest of Ballarat as well as the town of Somerville, Victoria, on the Mornington Peninsula. ](/news/2016/02/23/2015-16-australian-bushfire-season-emergency-warnings-are-issued-after-bushfires-threaten-the-victorian-towns-of-mount-bolton-and-addingt.md) _Context: 2015-16 Australian bushfire season, bushfire_
2. [2015-16 Australian bushfire season. Authorities confirm that bushfires have killed four people, including three German backpackers, in southern Western Australia near the town of Esperance. ](/news/2015/11/18/2015-16-australian-bushfire-season-authorities-confirm-that-bushfires-have-killed-four-people-including-three-german-backpackers-in-sou.md) _Context: 2015-16 Australian bushfire season, bushfire_
3. [ In Australia, 9 people are dead and 15 others are unaccounted for, in a bushfire in Eyre Peninsula, South Australia. ](/news/2005/01/11/in-australia-9-people-are-dead-and-15-others-are-unaccounted-for-in-a-bushfire-in-eyre-peninsula-south-australia.md) _Context: South Australia, bushfire_
4. [Renewable energy in Australia. South Australia finalizes a deal with Tesla, spearheaded by tweets originating from CEO of Tesla Elon Musk, to install a battery system in the state. Tesla said in a statement that upon completion by December 2017, the system would be the largest lithium-ion battery storage project in the world, overtaking an 80 megawatt-hour power station at Mira Loma in California also built using Tesla batteries. ](/news/2017/07/7/renewable-energy-in-australia-south-australia-finalizes-a-deal-with-tesla-spearheaded-by-tweets-originating-from-ceo-of-tesla-elon-musk-t.md) _Context: South Australia_
5. [The state of South Australia suffers widespread blackouts triggered by severe weather conditions. ](/news/2016/09/28/the-state-of-south-australia-suffers-widespread-blackouts-triggered-by-severe-weather-conditions.md) _Context: South Australia_
6. [Australian mining and materials company Arrium goes into voluntary administration with 7,000 jobs under threat in Australia, including 1,000 at the Whyalla Steelworks in South Australia. ](/news/2016/04/7/australian-mining-and-materials-company-arrium-goes-into-voluntary-administration-with-7-000-jobs-under-threat-in-australia-including-1-000.md) _Context: South Australia_
7. [2015-16 Australian bushfire season. Two dead bodies have been found in Yarloop, Western Australia, and residents of four towns urged to evacuate in under threat as the Waroona bushfire continues to burn out of control. ](/news/2016/01/9/2015-16-australian-bushfire-season-two-dead-bodies-have-been-found-in-yarloop-western-australia-and-residents-of-four-towns-urged-to-ev.md) _Context: 2015-16 Australian bushfire season_
8. [2015-16 Australian bushfire season. Three people are unaccounted for and at least 135 structures are destroyed, including the historic Yarloop Workshops, following a bushfire in the small Western Australian town of Yarloop. Reports coming out of the area suggest the town of Yarloop has been almost completely destroyed with one local official, Murray Cowper, saying, "A big fireball came through and there was no way they were going to stop it. This could well be the end of the town". ](/news/2016/01/8/2015-16-australian-bushfire-season-three-people-are-unaccounted-for-and-at-least-135-structures-are-destroyed-including-the-historic-yar.md) _Context: 2015-16 Australian bushfire season_
9. [2015-16 Australian bushfire season. A bushfire in Victoria state has destroyed 116 homes. The 2200-hectare Jamieson Track blaze razed 98 homes in Wye River and 18 at Separation Creek. The fire stopped just 500 meters short of Kennett River. A dousing of rain on Saturday was unlikely to do much in the long term as this blaze could continue into January or February, says emergency management commissioner Craig Lapsley. No injuries are reported. ](/news/2015/12/26/2015-16-australian-bushfire-season-a-bushfire-in-victoria-state-has-destroyed-116-homes-the-2200-hectare-jamieson-track-blaze-razed-98-h.md) _Context: 2015-16 Australian bushfire season_
10. [2015-16 Australian bushfire season. At least 87 homes have been lost in the fires that started in Pinery, South Australia which also claimed two lives and hospitalised 90 with five people in a critical condition. ](/news/2015/11/27/2015-16-australian-bushfire-season-at-least-87-homes-have-been-lost-in-the-fires-that-started-in-pinery-south-australia-which-also-claim.md) _Context: 2015-16 Australian bushfire season_
