### [2015-11-25](/news/2015/11/25/index.md)

# A one-year old baby girl with an apparently incurable illness, who was kissed by Pope Francis during his visit to Philadelphia in September, gets MRI results showing her brain tumor has shrunk significantly. Some friends and family call it the "Miracle on Market Street." 

Joey Masciantonio vividly remembers the moment his baby daughter Gianna met Pope Francis because it almost never happened.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/pope-francis-visits-america/divine-moment-baby-kissed-pope-philadelphia-sees-brain-tumor-shrink-n469751)
2. [Philadelphia Daily News](http://www.philly.com/philly/news/pope/20151123_Miracle_on_Market__Tot_s_tumor_shrinks_weeks_after_encounter_with_Pope_Francis.html)

### Related:

1. [The Vatican announces Mother Teresa's eligibility for canonization after a Vatican spokesman confirmed Pope Francis' recognition of a second miracle attributed to her involving the healing of a Brazilian man with multiple brain tumors. The Vatican has yet to confirm a canonization date for Teresa. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-vatican-announces-mother-teresa-s-eligibility-for-canonization-after-a-vatican-spokesman-confirmed-pope-francis-recognition-of-a-second.md) _Context: Pope Francis, brain tumor_
2. [Pope Francis criticizes naming the U.S. military's biggest non-nuclear explosive as the Mother of All Bombs, saying that the word "mother" should not be used in reference to a deadly weapon. ](/news/2017/05/6/pope-francis-criticizes-naming-the-u-s-military-s-biggest-non-nuclear-explosive-as-the-mother-of-all-bombs-saying-that-the-word-mother-s.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
3. [The Holy See and Myanmar establish full diplomatic relations following a meeting between Pope Francis and Myanmar's State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-holy-see-and-myanmar-establish-full-diplomatic-relations-following-a-meeting-between-pope-francis-and-myanmar-s-state-counsellor-aung-sa.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
4. [Pope Francis  canonizes Jacinta and Francisco Marto, two of the three Ftima children who reported seeing the Virgin Mary in the spring and summer of 1917. The Martos, who died during the post-World War I international influenza pandemic, are the Catholic Church's youngest saints who did not die as martyrs. The other child, Lcia de Jesus dos Santos, survived until the year 2005, when she was 97 years old. ](/news/2017/05/13/pope-francis-canonizes-jacinta-and-francisco-marto-two-of-the-three-fatima-children-who-reported-seeing-the-virgin-mary-in-the-spring-and.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
5. [Catholics in Portugal converge in a shrine in Fatima for a visit by Pope Francis. ](/news/2017/05/12/catholics-in-portugal-converge-in-a-shrine-in-fatima-for-a-visit-by-pope-francis.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
6. [Pope Francis intends to canonize two of the children who had visions at Fatima. ](/news/2017/05/10/pope-francis-intends-to-canonize-two-of-the-children-who-had-visions-at-fatima.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
7. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
8. [Paraguayan President Horacio Cartes says he will not be a candidate in next year's presidential election regardless of Congress's action on  a constitutional  amendment that would allow second terms. Cartes adds his decision was informed by Pope Francis's call for peace and dialogue in Paraguay following protests against this change that turned violent two weeks ago.  ](/news/2017/04/17/paraguayan-president-horacio-cartes-says-he-will-not-be-a-candidate-in-next-year-s-presidential-election-regardless-of-congress-s-action-on.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
9. [Pope Francis donates 100,000 euros for the poor of Aleppo. ](/news/2017/03/10/pope-francis-donates-100-000-euros-for-the-poor-of-aleppo.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
10. [At the Indigenous Peoples Forum in Rome, Italy, Pope Francis says that developmental needs have to be reconciled with the protection of the particular characteristics of indigenous peoples and their territories. This is taken by some as a reference to the Standing Rock Sioux and other groups opposing the Dakota Access Pipeline. ](/news/2017/02/15/at-the-indigenous-peoples-forum-in-rome-italy-pope-francis-says-that-developmental-needs-have-to-be-reconciled-with-the-protection-of-the.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
