### [2015-11-25](/news/2015/11/25/index.md)

# Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. Russian Defense Minister, Sergey Shoigu, says Russia will deploy its S-400 defense missile system at the Khmeimim Air Base in Syria's Latakia Governorate. 

The Russian Air Force base in Latakia will be reinforced with S-400 SAM system, which will soon be deployed there, Russia&#039;s Defense Minister Sergey Shoigu said on Wednesday.


### Source:

1. [Daily Sabah](http://www.dailysabah.com/syrian-crisis/2015/11/25/russian-airstrikes-target-aid-convoy-in-northwestern-syrian-town-of-azaz-seven-reportedly-killed)
2. [RT](https://www.rt.com/news/323379-s400-russia-syria-airbase/)
3. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/11/25/uk-mideast-crisis-syria-trucks-idUKKBN0TE22S20151125)

### Related:

1. [Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. 2015 Russian Sukhoi Su-24 shootdown. Turkish F-16 fighter jets shoot down a Russian Sukhoi Su-24 aircraft that had allegedly infringed its airspace near the Syrian border. Russia's Ministry of Defence denies the Su-24 entered Turkish airspace and initially said it was shot down by ground fire over Syria's Latakia Governorate. A video emerged of one pilot killed as local rebel Turkmen fighters shot at him while he was parachuting and a video of his body, while the fate of the other pilot is unknown but is presumed dead. A combat search and rescue mission by Russian forces failed to reach them. It is the first time a NATO member has shot down a Russian plane since the 1950s. ](/news/2015/11/24/russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-2015-russian-sukhoi-su-24-shootdown-turkish-f-16-fighter-jets-shoot-down-a-russian-s.md) _Context: Latakia Governorate, Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syria_
2. [Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. Russian warships launch cruise missiles from the Caspian Sea against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant positions in Syria's eastern Deir ez-Zor. Russian Defense Minister, Sergey Shoigu, reported over 600 terrorists were killed in the strikes. Video footage also emerged of Russian ground crew servicemen writing the words "For Paris" on bombs to be dropped on ISIL targets in a show of solidarity with France in the wake of the November 13 terror attacks that left 130 people dead in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/20/russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-russian-warships-launch-cruise-missiles-from-the-caspian-sea-against-islamic-state-of.md) _Context: Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Sergey Shoigu, Syria_
3. [2016 Russian Defence Ministry Tupolev Tu-154 crash. A Russian Tu-154 military passenger airplane carrying 92 people including the Alexandrov Ensemble crashes into the Black Sea shortly after takeoff from Sochi. The airplane was headed towards Khmeimim, Syria. The Russian Armed Forces are actively involved in the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2016/12/25/2016-russian-defence-ministry-tupolev-tu-154-crash-a-russian-tu-154-military-passenger-airplane-carrying-92-people-including-the-alexandrov.md) _Context: Khmeimim, Russia, Syria_
4. [Syrian Civil War. Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. Russian airstrikes on a Al-Nusra Front (Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria)-run prison complex in the northern town of Maarrat al-Nu'man, Idlib, leaves nearly 60 people dead. Most of those killed were rebels imprisoned by Al-Nusra, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/01/9/syrian-civil-war-russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-russian-airstrikes-on-a-al-nusra-front-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria.md) _Context: Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syria_
5. [Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. Russian President Vladimir Putin says he hopes nuclear warheads will not be needed to deal with terrorists, after Russia launched cruise missiles at Islamic State positions in Syria from one of its Kilo-class submarines in the Mediterranean. ](/news/2015/12/9/russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-he-hopes-nuclear-warheads-will-not-be-needed-to.md) _Context: Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syria_
6. [Syrian Civil War. Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. Russia expands its military presence in Syria with an additional airbase that can accommodate fixed-winged military aircraft. The U.S. Department of Defense also confirms that Russia added S-400 surface-to-air missiles to its Syrian stockpile and armed its military aircraft with air-to-air missiles. According to Military Times, "A Pentagon spokesman expressed concern" these moves indicate Russia's commitment to aiding the embattled Assad regime as opposed to combating ISIL. No Syrian opposition groups including ISIL have combat-ready aircraft that require air-to-air missiles. ](/news/2015/12/2/syrian-civil-war-russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-russia-expands-its-military-presence-in-syria-with-an-additional-ai.md) _Context: Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syria_
7. [Syrian Civil War. Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. The U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs reports that increased airstrikes by Russia have forced humanitarian assistance organizations to curtail their relief efforts, exacerbating the humanitarian crisis in northern Syria. ](/news/2015/12/15/syrian-civil-war-russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-the-u-n-office-for-the-coordination-of-humanitarian-affairs-report.md) _Context: Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syria_
8. [Syrian Civil War. Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. Using social media, Russian investigative bloggers from the Conflict Intelligence Team photo-geolocate three Russian military personnel outside expected air support operations areas - evidence of what the group says may be a broader Russian military role in Syria. ](/news/2015/11/9/syrian-civil-war-russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-using-social-media-russian-investigative-bloggers-from-the-conflic.md) _Context: Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syria_
9. [Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports Russian airstrikes kill at least 18 civilians and wound dozens more in the town of Ariha in Syria's northwestern Idlib province. Idlib is controlled by the Army of Conquest, a rebel alliance of mainly Islamist groups, including al-Qaeda affiliate al-Nusra Front. ](/news/2015/11/29/russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-russian-airstrikes-kill-at-least-18-c.md) _Context: Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syria_
10. [Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. The Russian military launches cruise missile strikes from the Mediterranean on ISIS positions in Al-Raqqah, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's de facto capital in Syria, Aleppo, and Idlib. A U.S. official confirms that Russia has conducted a significant number of strikes in Syria using both sea-launched cruise missiles and long-range bombers. Russian President Vladimir Putin has pledged to escalate his military campaign in Syria after it was confirmed that a bomb brought down Metrojet Flight 9268 over Egypt's Sinai Peninsula. ](/news/2015/11/17/russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-the-russian-military-launches-cruise-missile-strikes-from-the-mediterranean-on-isis-p.md) _Context: Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syria_
