### [2007-06-15](/news/2007/06/15/index.md)

#  United States Secretary of Defense Robert Gates meets with Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri Kamal Al-Maliki and U.S. military leaders in Iraq to discuss the effectiveness of the current military campaign. 

U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates met Iraqi leaders on Saturday to tell them Washington was disappointed with their efforts to reconcile warring factions.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idUSCOL02152020070616?feedType=RSS)

### Related:

1. [ The United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and the United States Secretary of Defense Robert Gates travel to the Middle East to offer increased aid to allies of the United States and to seek advice on Iraq. ](/news/2007/07/30/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-and-the-united-states-secretary-of-defense-robert-gates-travel-to-the-middle-east-to.md) _Context: Iraq, Robert Gates, Secretary of Defense, United States_
2. [Iraqi Defense Minister Khaled al-Obaidi updates the death toll from Friday's friendly fire airstrike near Fallujah to 10, one officer and nine soldiers. U.S. Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter says it appears an American jet conducted the strike. Carter called Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi  to express condolences. ](/news/2015/12/19/iraqi-defense-minister-khaled-al-obaidi-updates-the-death-toll-from-friday-s-friendly-fire-airstrike-near-fallujah-to-10-one-officer-and-ni.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister, Secretary of Defense, United States_
3. [US Defense Secretary Robert Gates reviews allegations of misconduct in Afghanistan by the private military company formerly known as Blackwater, Xe Services LLC. ](/news/2010/03/6/us-defense-secretary-robert-gates-reviews-allegations-of-misconduct-in-afghanistan-by-the-private-military-company-formerly-known-as-blackwa.md) _Context: Robert Gates, Secretary of Defense, United States_
4. [U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert Gates makes his first visit to Pakistan. ](/news/2010/01/21/u-s-secretary-of-defense-robert-gates-makes-his-first-visit-to-pakistan.md) _Context: Robert Gates, Secretary of Defense, United States_
5. [ Robert Gates, the United States Secretary of Defense, visits Basra, Iraq to consult with US and allied commanders. ](/news/2007/01/19/robert-gates-the-united-states-secretary-of-defense-visits-basra-iraq-to-consult-with-us-and-allied-commanders.md) _Context: Iraq, Robert Gates, Secretary of Defense_
6. [ Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki suggests that if the United States better armed the Iraqi armed forces, they would be able to dramatically draw back U.S. troops "in three to six months". ](/news/2007/01/18/iraqi-prime-minister-nouri-al-maliki-suggests-that-if-the-united-states-better-armed-the-iraqi-armed-forces-they-would-be-able-to-dramatic.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraq Prime Minister, United States_
7. [ Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki objects to U.S. efforts to get his government to set a timetable for achieving security goals and denounces a raid by U.S. and Iraqi forces on the militias in Sadr City that was done without his knowledge. ](/news/2006/10/25/iraqi-prime-minister-nouri-al-maliki-objects-to-u-s-efforts-to-get-his-government-to-set-a-timetable-for-achieving-security-goals-and-deno.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraq Prime Minister, United States_
8. [Iraq Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi says U.S.-backed Iraqi forces have launched an operation to regain control of western Mosul from ISIL militants. The United Nations says humanitarian agencies are setting up in these older sections of the city where, already, food and fuel supplies are dwindling, running water is scarce, and electricity in many neighborhoods is unreliable for the estimated 800,000 civilians. ](/news/2017/02/19/iraq-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-says-u-s-backed-iraqi-forces-have-launched-an-operation-to-regain-control-of-western-mosul-from-isil-mi.md) _Context: Iraq Prime Minister, United States_
9. [The Iraqi Parliament votes in favour of a reciprocal travel ban on U.S. citizens if U.S. President Donald Trump's executive order barring citizens of Iraq and six other Muslim-majority countries is not reversed. The Iraqi travel ban will not be implemented while tens of thousands of U.S. soldiers and contractors are involved in the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2017/01/30/the-iraqi-parliament-votes-in-favour-of-a-reciprocal-travel-ban-on-u-s-citizens-if-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-executive-order-barring-ci.md) _Context: Iraq, United States_
10. [U.S. B-2 stealth bombers strike two ISIL camps, south of the city of Sirte, Libya, killing more than 80 militants, according to United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. ](/news/2017/01/19/u-s-b-2-stealth-bombers-strike-two-isil-camps-south-of-the-city-of-sirte-libya-killing-more-than-80-militants-according-to-united-state.md) _Context: Secretary of Defense, United States_
