### [2015-02-28](/news/2015/02/28/index.md)

# Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. A series of car bombs kill 19 people in Balad Ruz, east-central Iraq. 

A series of car bombs has ripped through a crowded marketplace and a Shi’ite militia&#39;s checkpoint, killing a total of 19 people in separate attacks north of the Iraqi capital Baghdad.


### Source:

1. [AP via News 24](http://www.news24.com/news24/World/News/Bombings-kill-19-people-in-Iraq-20150228)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democr.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
2. [Battle of Mosul. The United Nations announces expansion of civilian camps for people fleeing Mosul, following resumption of airstrikes on ISIL-held portions of the Iraqi city. ](/news/2017/04/4/battle-of-mosul-the-united-nations-announces-expansion-of-civilian-camps-for-people-fleeing-mosul-following-resumption-of-airstrikes-on-is.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
3. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). The pro-government Popular Mobilization Forces militia takes control of the mostly destroyed ancient city of Hatra in Iraq's Nineveh Governorate, following clashes with ISIL, who seized the ruins in 2014. ](/news/2017/04/26/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-pro-government-popular-mobilization-forces-militia-takes-control-of-the-mostly-destroyed-ancient-city.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [Military intervention against ISIL. An Iraqi airstrike near Al Qaim, Anbar province, Iraq, kills Ayad al-Jumaili, believed to be ISIL's second-in-command. ](/news/2017/04/1/military-intervention-against-isil-an-iraqi-airstrike-near-al-qaim-anbar-province-iraq-kills-ayad-al-jumaili-believed-to-be-isil-s-seco.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [Battle of Mosul. Thousands of Iraqis flee western Mosul as the battle between Iraqi and allied forces and ISIL militants escalates in the densely populated Old City. ](/news/2017/03/18/battle-of-mosul-thousands-of-iraqis-flee-western-mosul-as-the-battle-between-iraqi-and-allied-forces-and-isil-militants-escalates-in-the-de.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Battle of Mosul (2016-17). Iraqi forces capture parts of Mosul University and several areas along the Tigris River from Islamic State militants. ](/news/2017/01/14/battle-of-mosul-2016-17-iraqi-forces-capture-parts-of-mosul-university-and-several-areas-along-the-tigris-river-from-islamic-state-mili.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Military intervention against ISIL. Denmark's government announces it will be withdrawing its seven F-16 fighter jets from military operations against ISIL in Iraq and Syria from mid-December. ](/news/2016/12/2/military-intervention-against-isil-denmark-s-government-announces-it-will-be-withdrawing-its-seven-f-16-fighter-jets-from-military-operatio.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). November 2016 Hillah suicide truck bombing. At least 80 Shia pilgrims are killed in a truck bomb attack in Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/24/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-november-2016-hillah-suicide-truck-bombing-at-least-80-shia-pilgrims-are-killed-in-a-truck-bomb-attack-in.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). 2016 October Baghdad attacks. Attacks targeting a Shi'ite Muslim gathering, a police check-point, and the family of an anti-Islamic State Sunni paramilitary leader, kill at least 55 people in Iraq. ](/news/2016/10/15/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-2016-october-baghdad-attacks-attacks-targeting-a-shi-ite-muslim-gathering-a-police-check-point-and-the.md) _Context: Iraq, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
