### [2015-02-28](/news/2015/02/28/index.md)

# Lithuania-United States relations:Lithuania signs a trade agreement to buy liquefied natural gas from the United States in a move aimed at reducing the EU Baltic state's heavy dependence on Russian gas deliveries. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/02/28/lithuania-lng-usa-idUSL5N0W207O20150228)

### Related:

1. [Russia deploys its S-400 missile system in Kaliningrad, an exclave between Poland and Lithuania, in response to "NATO expansion" near its borders. The United States criticizes the move as "destabilizing" to Europe. Russia announced the planned deployment over a decade ago. ](/news/2016/11/21/russia-deploys-its-s-400-missile-system-in-kaliningrad-an-exclave-between-poland-and-lithuania-in-response-to-nato-expansion-near-its-bo.md) _Context: Lithuania, Russia, United States_
2. [The United States Air Force lands two of its most advanced fighter jets in Lithuania for the first time in a show of support for the Baltic states which have become worried about Russia's actions in Ukraine. ](/news/2016/04/29/the-united-states-air-force-lands-two-of-its-most-advanced-fighter-jets-in-lithuania-for-the-first-time-in-a-show-of-support-for-the-baltic.md) _Context: Lithuania, Lithuania–United States relations, Russia_
3. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
4. [ Russia and the United States will continue talks on Aleppo after talks between the U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. ](/news/2016/12/9/russia-and-the-united-states-will-continue-talks-on-aleppo-after-talks-between-the-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-and-foreign-minister.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
5. [The United States expels 35 Russian diplomats over the alleged Russian interference during the U.S.'s 2016 presidential election. ](/news/2016/12/29/the-united-states-expels-35-russian-diplomats-over-the-alleged-russian-interference-during-the-u-s-s-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
6. [Russian President Vladimir Putin deploys the nuclear-capable Iskander mobile short-range ballistic missile system to the Russian Kaliningrad exclave between Poland and Lithuania. ](/news/2016/10/8/russian-president-vladimir-putin-deploys-the-nuclear-capable-iskander-mobile-short-range-ballistic-missile-system-to-the-russian-kaliningrad.md) _Context: Lithuania, Russia_
7. [France seeks United States and Russian support for a Security Council resolution to impose a new truce that will allow aid into Aleppo, which has experienced two weeks of heavy Syrian and Russian bombing of rebel-held areas. ](/news/2016/10/5/france-seeks-united-states-and-russian-support-for-a-security-council-resolution-to-impose-a-new-truce-that-will-allow-aid-into-aleppo-whic.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
8. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-united-states-refuses-to-sell-some-weapons.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
9. [Russian President Vladimir Putin suspends the 2000 treaty with the United States on cleaning up weapons-grade plutonium (Plutonium Management and Disposition Agreement) {{ru icon}}. ](/news/2016/10/3/russian-president-vladimir-putin-suspends-the-2000-treaty-with-the-united-states-on-cleaning-up-weapons-grade-plutonium-plutonium-managemen.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
10. [The  report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end  settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on  Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a.md) _Context: Russia, United States_
