### [2003-08-23](/news/2003/08/23/index.md)

#  In an unprecedented move, the British government submit thousands of official documents (many of which would not normally be seen by the public for 30 years) to the Hutton Inquiry, and publication on the Internet.




### Related:

1. [Armenian voters approve, by 63.35 percent to 32.42 percent, proposed amendments to the Constitution that change the country's form of government to a parliamentary republic. Sunday's election had a 50.51 percent turnout of its registered voters. The opposition alleged wide-spread fraud which the Armenian Revolutionary Federation said didn't happen. [http://asbarez.com/142597/armenia-adopts-new-constitution/ ("Asbarez")] ](/news/2015/12/7/armenian-voters-approve-by-63-35-percent-to-32-42-percent-proposed-amendments-to-the-constitution-that-change-the-country-s-form-of-govern.md) _Context: form of government_
2. [ President Mahmoud Abbas inaugurates the Palestinian National Authority's new government. ](/news/2009/05/19/president-mahmoud-abbas-inaugurates-the-palestinian-national-authority-s-new-government.md) _Context: form of government_
3. [ The Tax Day Tea Party protests against higher taxes and out-of-control government spending began rallying across the United States. ](/news/2009/04/15/the-tax-day-tea-party-protests-against-higher-taxes-and-out-of-control-government-spending-began-rallying-across-the-united-states.md) _Context: form of government_
4. [ The Hamas-led Palestinian government has reportedly agreed to implicitly recognise Israel, paving the way to reopening peace talks with it. Other Hamas officials later deny these reports. ](/news/2006/06/27/the-hamas-led-palestinian-government-has-reportedly-agreed-to-implicitly-recognise-israel-paving-the-way-to-reopening-peace-talks-with-it.md) _Context: form of government_
5. [ The Government of Lesotho offers all its citizens a free HIV test. Aimed at stopping and reversing the spread of AIDS, this is believed to be the first programme of its kind in the world. ](/news/2005/11/29/the-government-of-lesotho-offers-all-its-citizens-a-free-hiv-test-aimed-at-stopping-and-reversing-the-spread-of-aids-this-is-believed-to.md) _Context: form of government_
6. [ Omar Karami resigns his position as the Prime Minister of Lebanon after he fails to form a government. Without a government to call them, no elections can take place in Lebanon. Elections are due this May. ](/news/2005/04/13/omar-karami-resigns-his-position-as-the-prime-minister-of-lebanon-after-he-fails-to-form-a-government-without-a-government-to-call-them-n.md) _Context: form of government_
7. [ The British government draws up plans to break up the BBC in the wake of the Hutton inquiry. ](/news/2004/02/15/the-british-government-draws-up-plans-to-break-up-the-bbc-in-the-wake-of-the-hutton-inquiry.md) _Context: Hutton inquiry_
8. [ Hutton Inquiry: Reporter Andrew Gilligan resigns from the BBC in the continuing fallout of the publication of Lord Hutton's report into the circumstances of the death of Dr David Kelly. This follows the earlier resignation of the Director-General Greg Dyke and chairman of the Board of Governors Gavyn Davies.](/news/2004/01/30/hutton-inquiry-reporter-andrew-gilligan-resigns-from-the-bbc-in-the-continuing-fallout-of-the-publication-of-lord-hutton-s-report-into-the.md) _Context: Hutton inquiry_
9. [ Hutton Inquiry: The BBC Director-General, Greg Dyke, resigns in the continuing fall-out from the report. Mr Dyke is the second high-ranking BBC official to resign. Mark Byford is appointed Acting Director-General. The UK media in general condemns the report as a whitewash.](/news/2004/01/29/hutton-inquiry-the-bbc-director-general-greg-dyke-resigns-in-the-continuing-fall-out-from-the-report-mr-dyke-is-the-second-high-ranking.md) _Context: Hutton inquiry_
10. [ The Hutton Inquiry report is released, stating the suicide of Iraqi weapons expert David Kelly did not involve "dishonourable conduct" on the part of the United Kingdom's government and exonerates Prime Minister Tony Blair of any wrongdoing in Kelly's death. The BBC receives harsh criticism for the allegations within Andrew Gilligan's report on weapons of mass destruction and the BBC's subsequent backing of the report. Gavyn Davies takes full responsibility for any wrongdoing and resigns as the Chairman of the Board of Governors of the BBC.](/news/2004/01/28/the-hutton-inquiry-report-is-released-stating-the-suicide-of-iraqi-weapons-expert-david-kelly-did-not-involve-dishonourable-conduct-on-t.md) _Context: Hutton inquiry_
