### [2003-08-23](/news/2003/08/23/index.md)

#  John Geoghan, a defrocked Roman Catholic priest and convicted child molester, dies following an attack in prison. Initial reports say that he was strangled to death.




### Related:

1. [British journalist Milo Yiannopoulos's invitation to speak at the 2017 Conservative Political Action Conference is rescinded, and publication of his book "Dangerous" by Simon & Schuster is cancelled after a video is posted allegedly containing statements of his condoning sexual relations with boys as young as thirteen. ](/news/2017/02/20/british-journalist-milo-yiannopoulos-s-invitation-to-speak-at-the-2017-conservative-political-action-conference-is-rescinded-and-publicatio.md) _Context: sexual relations_
2. [Pope Francis issues "Amoris Laetitia" or the Joy of Love, a document on the Roman Catholic approach to love, sex, marriage and family life. ](/news/2016/04/8/pope-francis-issues-amoris-laetitia-or-the-joy-of-love-a-document-on-the-roman-catholic-approach-to-love-sex-marriage-and-family-life.md) _Context: Roman Catholic_
3. [Conservative MP Philip Davies calls for a crackdown after it was announced up to 100 prisoners serving life sentences in British prisons will be let out of jail at Christmas for a five-day break with their families. Last year a total of 1,347 prison inmates, including 93 lifers, were given leave. The scheme has been defended by Justice Minister MP Andrew Selous but has caused outrage among justice campaigners. ](/news/2015/11/29/conservative-mp-philip-davies-calls-for-a-crackdown-after-it-was-announced-up-to-100-prisoners-serving-life-sentences-in-british-prisons-wil.md) _Context: prison_
4. [Iranian Judiciary spokesman Gholamhossein Mohseni Ejei says an Iranian court sentenced "Washington Post" reporter Jason Rezaian to a prison term, length unspecified, for espionage. Mohseni Eje said, "I cannot give details." Post foreign editor Douglas Jehl said this might move the case closer to a final resolution in the judiciary, so it can then go to Iranian leaders who can make things right. ](/news/2015/11/22/iranian-judiciary-spokesman-gholamhossein-mohseni-ejei-says-an-iranian-court-sentenced-washington-post-reporter-jason-rezaian-to-a-prison.md) _Context: prison_
5. [In Australia, the New South Wales Police charge the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Adelaide, Philip Wilson, with allegedly covering up a child sexual abuse crime committed by another priest, James Fletcher, in the 1970s. ](/news/2015/03/17/in-australia-the-new-south-wales-police-charge-the-roman-catholic-archbishop-of-adelaide-philip-wilson-with-allegedly-covering-up-a-child.md) _Context: Roman Catholic_
6. [Tens of thousands of Roman Catholics greet Pope Francis in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, during his first foreign trip as pontiff. ](/news/2013/07/23/tens-of-thousands-of-roman-catholics-greet-pope-francis-in-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-during-his-first-foreign-trip-as-pontiff.md) _Context: Roman Catholic_
7. [One person is dead and another 57 are injured after a bomb detonates inside a Roman Catholic church in Arusha, Tanzania. ](/news/2013/05/5/one-person-is-dead-and-another-57-are-injured-after-a-bomb-detonates-inside-a-roman-catholic-church-in-arusha-tanzania.md) _Context: Roman Catholic_
8. [Papal conclave, 2013: More than 100 Roman Catholic cardinals meet in Rome to start the process of selecting a successor to Pope Benedict XVI. ](/news/2013/03/4/papal-conclave-2013-more-than-100-roman-catholic-cardinals-meet-in-rome-to-start-the-process-of-selecting-a-successor-to-pope-benedict-xvi.md) _Context: Roman Catholic_
9. [Black smoke rises from the Vatican's Sistine Chapel, signalling that Roman Catholic Cardinals had not elected a new pope in the morning session of the second day of voting at their conclave. ](/news/2013/03/13/black-smoke-rises-from-the-vatican-s-sistine-chapel-signalling-that-roman-catholic-cardinals-had-not-elected-a-new-pope-in-the-morning-sess.md) _Context: Roman Catholic_
10. [Archbishop of Glasgow Philip Tartaglia is appointed apostolic administrator of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of St Andrews and Edinburgh following Monday's resignation of Cardinal Keith O'Brien. ](/news/2013/02/27/archbishop-of-glasgow-philip-tartaglia-is-appointed-apostolic-administrator-of-the-roman-catholic-archdiocese-of-st-andrews-and-edinburgh-fo.md) _Context: Roman Catholic_
