### [2017-03-12](/news/2017/03/12/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War. Tahrir al-Sham, al-Qaeda's branch in Syria, claims responsibility for yesterday's twin bomb attacks in Damascus which left dozens dead. 

The attack killed at least 40 people, mostly Iraqi pilgrims to the Bab al-Saghir cemetery site.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-39250040)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. According to Syrian state media, two suicide bombers attack in Damascus, killing at least 31 people. ](/news/2017/03/15/syrian-civil-war-according-to-syrian-state-media-two-suicide-bombers-attack-in-damascus-killing-at-least-31-people.md) _Context: Damascus, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian Civil War. Idlib Governorate clashes (2017). Rival fighters between Tahrir al-Sham and Jund al-Aqsa clash in Syria's northern Idlib Governorate, killing "dozens" according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/02/14/syrian-civil-war-idlib-governorate-clashes-2017-rival-fighters-between-tahrir-al-sham-and-jund-al-aqsa-clash-in-syria-s-northern-idlib-g.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Tahrir al-Sham_
3. [Syrian civil war. Several bombings kill at least 40 people in government and Kurdish held territory across Syria, including Tartus, Homs, Al-Hasakah and Damascus. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/09/5/syrian-civil-war-several-bombings-kill-at-least-40-people-in-government-and-kurdish-held-territory-across-syria-including-tartus-homs-al.md) _Context: Damascus, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [ Syrian Civil War. War on Terrorism. The Pentagon rejects a Russian proposal to stage joint airstrikes against Al-Qaeda linked groups in Syria. ](/news/2016/05/21/syrian-civil-war-war-on-terrorism-the-pentagon-rejects-a-russian-proposal-to-stage-joint-airstrikes-against-al-qaeda-linked-groups-in-syr.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, al-Qaeda_
5. [Syrian Civil War. A suicide bomb attack in Syria's capital Damascus kills at least 10 people. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/02/9/syrian-civil-war-a-suicide-bomb-attack-in-syria-s-capital-damascus-kills-at-least-10-people-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claim.md) _Context: Damascus, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War. Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. Russian airstrikes on a Al-Nusra Front (Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria)-run prison complex in the northern town of Maarrat al-Nu'man, Idlib, leaves nearly 60 people dead. Most of those killed were rebels imprisoned by Al-Nusra, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/01/9/syrian-civil-war-russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-russian-airstrikes-on-a-al-nusra-front-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, al-Qaeda_
7. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian rebels fire volleys of mortar shells into Damascus, killing three people and wounding at least 30. Government forces respond with airstrikes into rebel-controlled Douma, just northeast of the capital, and surface-to-surface missiles into Eastern Ghouta and Saqba, that kill at least 35 people and injure many more, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2015/12/13/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-fire-volleys-of-mortar-shells-into-damascus-killing-three-people-and-wounding-at-least-30-government-force.md) _Context: Damascus, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War. Al-Nusra Front's (Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria) leader Abu Suleiman al-Masri is reportedly killed in the Aleppo province during clashes with the Syrian Army. ](/news/2015/10/24/syrian-civil-war-al-nusra-front-s-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-leader-abu-suleiman-al-masri-is-reportedly-killed-in-the-aleppo-province-dur.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, al-Qaeda_
9. [Syrian Civil War. Russian intervention in the Syrian Civil War. The Russian Government says Russian jets bombed Syria for the third consecutive day, hitting 12 Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) targets. The UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that ISIL has no presence in the western and northern areas struck though Al-Qaeda's Syrian affiliate al-Nusra Front does. Russian planes also bombed Raqqah, the unofficial capital of ISIL. ](/news/2015/10/2/syrian-civil-war-russian-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-the-russian-government-says-russian-jets-bombed-syria-for-the-third-consecut.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, al-Qaeda_
10. [Syrian Civil War. A top Al-Qaeda commander is killed in an airstrike in Syria. ](/news/2015/10/17/syrian-civil-war-a-top-al-qaeda-commander-is-killed-in-an-airstrike-in-syria.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, al-Qaeda_
