### [2009-06-2](/news/2009/06/2/index.md)

#  United Kingdom Home Secretary Jacqui Smith announces her resignation. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/politics/8079205.stm)

### Related:

1. [On January 18, 2016, the British Parliament will debate a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the United Kingdom because of 'hate speech' that is unacceptable behavior, non-conducive to the public good. The conclusion reached by the lawmakers will not be binding on the UK government. ](/news/2016/01/5/on-january-18-2016-the-british-parliament-will-debate-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-home-secretary-to-ba.md) _Context: Home Secretary, United Kingdom_
2. [The British Parliament debates a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban, because of 'hate speech,' United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the United Kingdom. Almost all of the 50 MPs (member of parliament), of the 650-member legislative body, present criticized Trump -- especially his comments on Muslims -- but few supported an entry ban. ](/news/2016/01/18/the-british-parliament-debates-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-home-secretary-to-ban-because-of-hate-speec.md) _Context: Home Secretary, United Kingdom_
3. [In the United Kingdom, Home Secretary Theresa May announces plans to split the UK Border Agency into two separate organisations after revelations that hundreds of thousands of people were let into the country without appropriate checks. ](/news/2012/02/20/in-the-united-kingdom-home-secretary-theresa-may-announces-plans-to-split-the-uk-border-agency-into-two-separate-organisations-after-revela.md) _Context: Home Secretary, United Kingdom_
4. [An inquiry is launched following claims identity checks on travellers entering the United Kingdom from outside Europe were scaled back during the summer. Home Secretary Theresa May tells the House of Commons she does not know how many entered the country without proper checks. ](/news/2011/11/7/an-inquiry-is-launched-following-claims-identity-checks-on-travellers-entering-the-united-kingdom-from-outside-europe-were-scaled-back-durin.md) _Context: Home Secretary, United Kingdom_
5. [U.K. Home Secretary Alan Johnson announces the Joint Terrorism Analysis Centre has raised the terrorist threat level from "substantial" to "severe". ](/news/2010/01/22/u-k-home-secretary-alan-johnson-announces-the-joint-terrorism-analysis-centre-has-raised-the-terrorist-threat-level-from-substantial-to.md) _Context: Home Secretary, United Kingdom_
6. [ All pleas to halt British hacker Gary McKinnon being extradited to the United States to face trial for breaking into NASA and military computers looking for UFO evidence fail as UK Home Secretary orders his extradition. ](/news/2009/11/26/all-pleas-to-halt-british-hacker-gary-mckinnon-being-extradited-to-the-united-states-to-face-trial-for-breaking-into-nasa-and-military-comp.md) _Context: Home Secretary, United Kingdom_
7. [ Secretary of State for Transport Geoff Hoon announces his resignation. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/politics/gordon-brown/5453348/Geoff-Hoon-resigns-as-pressure-mounts-on-Gordon-Brown.html ("Daily Telegraph")] Minister of State for Europe Caroline Flint announces her resignation. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/politics/8084501.stm (BBC)] Minister of State for Housing and Planning Margaret Beckett announces her resignation. [http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory?id=7762196 (ABC)] Minister of State for Employment and Welfare Reform Tony McNulty announces his resignation. [http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/Politics/Gordon-Browns-Reshuffle-Defence-Secretary-Quits-Andy-Burnham-Heads-To-Health/Article/200906115296531?lpos=Politics_First_UK_News_Article_Teaser_Region_1&lid=ARTICLE_15296531_Gordon_Browns_Reshuffle%3A_Defence_Secretary_Quits%2C_Andy_Burnham_Heads_To_Health (Sky News)] Bob Ainsworth replaces John Hutton as Secretary of State for Defence. [http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/politics/article6436610.ece ("Times")] Chief Secretary to the Treasury Yvette Cooper replaces James Purnell as Secretary of State for Work and Pensions. [http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2009/jun/05/yvette-cooper-profile ("Guardian")] Alan Sugar becomes "Enterprise Tsar" and receives a position in the House of Lords. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/politics/gordon-brown/5451354/Sir-Alan-Sugar-to-become-Enterprise-Tsar.html ("Daily Telegraph")] John Denham replaces Hazel Blears as Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government. [http://www.google.com/hostednews/ukpress/article/ALeqM5hjLbfpu2UBV6VxgNSl58quyI5Tow (PA via Google News)] Secretary of State for Health Alan Johnson replaces Jacqui Smith as Home Secretary. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/politics/8084501.stm (BBC)] av](/news/2009/06/5/secretary-of-state-for-transport-geoff-hoon-announces-his-resignation-http-www-telegraph-co-uk-news-newstopics-politics-gordon-brown-54.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Jacqui Smith_
8. [ Member of Parliament for Scunthorpe Elliot Morley will resign at the United Kingdom's 2010 General Election. ](/news/2009/05/29/member-of-parliament-for-scunthorpe-elliot-morley-will-resign-at-the-united-kingdom-s-2010-general-election.md) _Context: United Kingdom, resignation_
9. [ Nine United Kingdom Cabinet ministers have been implicated in Parliament's expenses scandal. ](/news/2009/05/25/nine-united-kingdom-cabinet-ministers-have-been-implicated-in-parliament-s-expenses-scandal.md) _Context: United Kingdom, resignation_
10. [ Home Secretary Jacqui Smith will recompense the United Kingdom's government for her husband's purchase of pornographic films through her expense account. ](/news/2009/03/29/home-secretary-jacqui-smith-will-recompense-the-united-kingdom-s-government-for-her-husband-s-purchase-of-pornographic-films-through-her-ex.md) _Context: Jacqui Smith, United Kingdom_
