### [2016-08-24](/news/2016/08/24/index.md)

# A 6.8 magnitude earthquake hits central Myanmar, 25km west of the town of Chauk, and was also felt in Thailand, Bangladesh and India, according to reports. At least three people are killed. 

A 6.8 magnitude earthquake strikes central Myanmar, damaging ancient temples and leaving at least one person dead.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-37172794)

### Related:

1. [Several dozen Rohingya boat refugees from Bangladesh and Myanmar are accepted to India at Port Blair in the Andaman Islands after being detained by the Thai Navy and rejected at sea, but face repatriation to Bangladesh. ](/news/2011/02/8/several-dozen-rohingya-boat-refugees-from-bangladesh-and-myanmar-are-accepted-to-india-at-port-blair-in-the-andaman-islands-after-being-deta.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Burmese, India_
2. [Dozens of Rohingya Muslims fleeing renewed violence in Rakhine State are detained by Bangladeshi and Burmese authorities after they attempt to cross the border from Myanmar to Bangladesh. Many were en route to Kutupalong Refugee Camp, a refugee camp in Ukhia, Bangladesh, mostly inhabited by Rohingya refugees. ](/news/2017/08/27/dozens-of-rohingya-muslims-fleeing-renewed-violence-in-rakhine-state-are-detained-by-bangladeshi-and-burmese-authorities-after-they-attempt.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Burmese_
3. [Flooding in South Asia has displaced tens of thousands of people and resulted in an estimated 500 deaths across India, Bangladesh, and Nepal. ](/news/2017/08/18/flooding-in-south-asia-has-displaced-tens-of-thousands-of-people-and-resulted-in-an-estimated-500-deaths-across-india-bangladesh-and-nepal.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India_
4. [Members of the 19th South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) summit, scheduled to be held in Pakistan during November 2016, postpone the meeting following a Indian-led boycott, including Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Bhutan in response to Pakistan's alleged involvement in a deadly terrorist attack on a Indian Army base in Uri, Jammu and Kashmir, on September 18. ](/news/2016/09/28/members-of-the-19th-south-asian-association-for-regional-cooperation-saarc-summit-scheduled-to-be-held-in-pakistan-during-november-2016.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India_
5. [At least six people are killed and dozens injured from a 6.7 magnitude earthquake that struck 20 miles from the city of Imphal, the capital of the Indian state of Manipur, near the border with Myanmar. ](/news/2016/01/4/at-least-six-people-are-killed-and-dozens-injured-from-a-6-7-magnitude-earthquake-that-struck-20-miles-from-the-city-of-imphal-the-capital.md) _Context: Burmese, India_
6. [India and Bangladesh have swapped control of some 160 small pockets of land on each other's territory. Residents were asked to choose where they wanted to live and which nationality they would prefer. Most of them decided to change nationality and stay where they live. ](/news/2015/07/31/india-and-bangladesh-have-swapped-control-of-some-160-small-pockets-of-land-on-each-other-s-territory-residents-were-asked-to-choose-where.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India_
7. [The People's Republic of China claims that the Golden Triangle regions of Laos, Myanmar and Thailand are the source of most of its imports of heroin and methamphetamine. The region has been known for drug cultivation for centuries. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-people-s-republic-of-china-claims-that-the-golden-triangle-regions-of-laos-myanmar-and-thailand-are-the-source-of-most-of-its-imports-o.md) _Context: Burmese, Thailand_
8. [ Julie Bishop, the Foreign Minister of Australia, says that Indonesia has advised that most of the people who have traveled to South East Asia by boat are from Bangladesh, not Rohingya from Myanmar. ](/news/2015/05/23/julie-bishop-the-foreign-minister-of-australia-says-that-indonesia-has-advised-that-most-of-the-people-who-have-traveled-to-south-east-as.md) _Context: Bangladesh, Burmese_
9. [A strong 7.9 earthquake strikes between the Nepalese capital Kathmandu and the regional headquarter city of Pokhara. The Government of Nepal declares a state of emergency with 1500 dead. A number of UNESCO World Heritage Sites are destroyed, including the historic Dharahara tower. Deaths are also recorded in India, Bangladesh and the Chinese province of Tibet. ](/news/2015/04/25/a-strong-7-9-earthquake-strikes-between-the-nepalese-capital-kathmandu-and-the-regional-headquarter-city-of-pokhara-the-government-of-nepal.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India_
10. [A mob storms the central jail in Dimapur, India, and kills Farid Khan, an undocumented migrant from Bangladesh in custody as a rape suspect. The mob ransacks and destroys over 20 shops and torches ten vehicles including a police jeep. ](/news/2015/03/5/a-mob-storms-the-central-jail-in-dimapur-india-and-kills-farid-khan-an-undocumented-migrant-from-bangladesh-in-custody-as-a-rape-suspect.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India_
