### [2016-08-24](/news/2016/08/24/index.md)

# The Turkish Armed Forces and US-backed Syrian rebels launch an initially successful campaign to capture the town of Jarabulus from ISIL. The Turkish Land Forces are also shelling YPG positions to prevent them from capturing areas that ISIL will retreat from. 

The operation was launched just hours ahead of a planned visit to Turkey by Vice President Joe Biden.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2016-08-25/syria-rebels-backed-by-turkey-tanks-seize-is-held-town/7783204)
2. [AP via NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/turkey-launches-operation-free-isis-held-syrian-town-n636886)
3. [AP](http://hosted2.ap.org/APDEFAULT/3d281c11a96b4ad082fe88aa0db04305/Article_2016-08-24-Syria-The%20Latest/id-c8ad8c99d82d4495af1b745f3fcb41e7)
3. [Cover Image](https://media4.s-nbcnews.com/j/newscms/2016_34/1682211/afp_fk5l1_b0655cb689e1f279a73fe4a3d4ead634.nbcnews-fp-1200-800.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Syrian rebels and Turkish troops enter al-Bab, with Syrian troops also approaching the town, prompting heavy clashes with ISIL militants. ](/news/2017/02/11/syrian-rebels-and-turkish-troops-enter-al-bab-with-syrian-troops-also-approaching-the-town-prompting-heavy-clashes-with-isil-militants.md) _Context: Free Syrian Army, Islamic State, Syrian Civil War, Turkish troops_
2. [Turkish-backed Free Syrian Army rebels seize control of the symbolic town of Dabiq, Aleppo Governorate, following clashes with ISIL militants. ](/news/2016/10/16/turkish-backed-free-syrian-army-rebels-seize-control-of-the-symbolic-town-of-dabiq-aleppo-governorate-following-clashes-with-isil-militant.md) _Context: Free Syrian Army, Islamic State, Syrian Civil War, Turkish troops_
3. [Kurdish YPG forces and Free Syrian Army rebels seize control of the ISIL stronghold of Tell Abyad in northern Al-Raqqah Governorate. ](/news/2015/06/15/kurdish-ypg-forces-and-free-syrian-army-rebels-seize-control-of-the-isil-stronghold-of-tell-abyad-in-northern-al-raqqah-governorate.md) _Context: Free Syrian Army, Islamic State, Syrian Civil War, YPG_
4. [Syrian rebels, with backing from the Turkish Armed Forces, advance on ISIL-held al-Bab, capturing the outskirts of the town. ](/news/2017/02/8/syrian-rebels-with-backing-from-the-turkish-armed-forces-advance-on-isil-held-al-bab-capturing-the-outskirts-of-the-town.md) _Context: Islamic State, Syrian Civil War, Turkish troops_
5. [At least 47 ISIL militants have been killed by Turkish and U.S.-led bombing raids by fighter jets on the town of al-Bab in the last 24 hours, with the Turkish Armed Forces attacking 135 other ISIL targets in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/3/at-least-47-isil-militants-have-been-killed-by-turkish-and-u-s-led-bombing-raids-by-fighter-jets-on-the-town-of-al-bab-in-the-last-24-hours.md) _Context: Islamic State, Syrian Civil War, Turkish troops_
6. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Free Syrian Army, Islamic State, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Turkish-backed rebels advance on the symbolic ISIL-controlled town of Dabiq, in northern Syria. ISIL believes Dabiq is the location where an apocalyptic battle will take place shortly before the end of the world. ](/news/2016/10/15/turkish-backed-rebels-advance-on-the-symbolic-isil-controlled-town-of-dabiq-in-northern-syria-isil-believes-dabiq-is-the-location-where-an.md) _Context: Islamic State, Syrian Civil War, Turkish troops_
8. [Turkey sends more tanks into northern Syria to continue its offensive against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG). ](/news/2016/08/25/turkey-sends-more-tanks-into-northern-syria-to-continue-its-offensive-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-and-kurdish-people-s-prot.md) _Context: Islamic State, Syrian Civil War, YPG_
9. [A triple truck-bomb attack on the Kurdish YPG militia-controlled town of Tell Tamer in Syria's northeast Al-Hasakah Governorate leaves as many as 50 people dead and 80 others wounded. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attacks, saying in an online statement that three of its fighters driving three separate vehicles had detonated the suicide bombs targeting "bases" belonging to Kurdish fighters. ](/news/2015/12/11/a-triple-truck-bomb-attack-on-the-kurdish-ypg-militia-controlled-town-of-tell-tamer-in-syria-s-northeast-al-hasakah-governorate-leaves-as-ma.md) _Context: Islamic State, Syrian Civil War, YPG_
10. [Kurdish People's Protection Units have captured the border town of Tell Abyad from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. ](/news/2015/06/16/kurdish-people-s-protection-units-have-captured-the-border-town-of-tell-abyad-from-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-forces.md) _Context: Islamic State, Syrian Civil War, YPG_
