### [2006-02-16](/news/2006/02/16/index.md)

#  A United Nations report condemns the continued existence of Camp Delta, and multiple breaches of Human Rights by the US. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/4718724.stm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/4721068.stm)
3. [as a large 54 page PDF](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/shared/bsp/hi/pdfs/16_02_06_un_guantanamo.pdf)

### Related:

1. [In its annual report, Amnesty International says human rights abuses and repression increased in Iran and China last year, the African Union refused to cooperate with the International Criminal Court after it indicted Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for war crimes in Darfur, the United Nations' Human Rights Council took little action while Sri Lanka's army and Tamil militants both committed potential war crimes, and Israel and the militant group Hamas did not follow up on reports that accused both sides of human rights abuses during the Gaza War. ](/news/2010/05/27/in-its-annual-report-amnesty-international-says-human-rights-abuses-and-repression-increased-in-iran-and-china-last-year-the-african-union.md) _Context: Human rights, United Nations_
2. [ United Nations human rights envoy Paulo Sergio Pinheiro visits political prisoners, including Su Su Nway, in Burma's Insein Prison. ](/news/2007/11/15/united-nations-human-rights-envoy-paulo-sergio-pinheiro-visits-political-prisoners-including-su-su-nway-in-burma-s-insein-prison.md) _Context: Human rights, United Nations_
3. [ The Ogaden National Liberation Front declares a unilateral ceasefire so that a United Nations team can investigate claims of human rights abuses by the Ethiopian government. ](/news/2007/09/2/the-ogaden-national-liberation-front-declares-a-unilateral-ceasefire-so-that-a-united-nations-team-can-investigate-claims-of-human-rights-a.md) _Context: Human rights, United Nations_
4. [ United Nations investigators criticise Sudan for gross human rights violations in Darfur, including murder, mass rape and kidnapping. ](/news/2007/03/12/united-nations-investigators-criticise-sudan-for-gross-human-rights-violations-in-darfur-including-murder-mass-rape-and-kidnapping.md) _Context: Human rights, United Nations_
5. [ Conflict in Iraq: Jean Ziegler, a Human rights investigator and senior United Nations official, has accuses the United States and occupying forces of "using hunger and deprivation of water as a weapon of war against the civilian population" in Iraq. ](/news/2005/10/15/conflict-in-iraq-p-jean-ziegler-a-human-rights-investigator-and-senior-united-nations-official-has-accuses-the-united-states-and-occupyin.md) _Context: Human rights, United Nations_
6. [ Cherif Bassiouni, former United Nations human rights envoy to Afghanistan, says he lost his job due to US pressure. ](/news/2005/04/27/cherif-bassiouni-former-united-nations-human-rights-envoy-to-afghanistan-says-he-lost-his-job-due-to-us-pressure.md) _Context: Human rights, United Nations_
7. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
8. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [The United Nations confirms that the FARC has completed its disarmament process, with former rebels due to make the transition to civilian life and the group to transform into a legal political party in the country. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-united-nations-confirms-that-the-farc-has-completed-its-disarmament-process-with-former-rebels-due-to-make-the-transition-to-civilian-l.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [The United Nations Human Rights Council conducts a periodic review of the human rights situation in the Philippines. ](/news/2017/05/8/the-united-nations-human-rights-council-conducts-a-periodic-review-of-the-human-rights-situation-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: United Nations_
