### [2006-02-16](/news/2006/02/16/index.md)

#  Following their Palestinian legislative election victory, Hamas chooses Ismail Haniya, considered a moderate, as Prime Minister of the Palestinian National Authority. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4721456.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Ismail Haniya of Hamas becomes Prime Minister of the Palestinian National Authority, succeeding Ahmed Qurei. ](/news/2006/02/19/ismail-haniya-of-hamas-becomes-prime-minister-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-succeeding-ahmed-qurei.md) _Context: Hamas, Ismail Haniya, Prime Minister_
2. [Hamas, which is seeking to reconcile with rival Palestinian organizations, elects former Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh its new leader, replacing term-limited Khaled Meshaal.  Last week, Hamas dropped its longstanding call for Israel's destruction, and severed ties with the Muslim Brotherhood. ](/news/2017/05/6/hamas-which-is-seeking-to-reconcile-with-rival-palestinian-organizations-elects-former-prime-minister-ismail-haniyeh-its-new-leader-repla.md) _Context: Hamas, Prime Minister_
3. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict: Hamas militants are considering lighter ceasefire terms offered by Fatah, specifically Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. They are giving Israel until May 27 to respond to this agreement, that would only end Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip. Hamas has said, however, that they are not completely committed to their offer. Israeli attack helicopters launch missile strikes on a various facilities, including a security facility near Palestinian Prime Minister Haniyeh's home. At least three people are injured by the air strikes. ](/news/2007/05/26/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-p-hamas-militants-are-considering-lighter-ceasefire-terms-offered-by-fatah-specifically-palestinian-president-ma.md) _Context: Hamas, Prime Minister_
4. [  The IAF carried out an air strike near the residence of Palestinian Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh. The IDF said that the air strike was not targeting the Prime Minister, and was on a structure used by Hamas, located in the Shati refugee camp. Local residents said that an IAF missile hit a vehicle patrolling Haniyeh's home in Gaza, and that the attack wounded one person. ](/news/2007/05/25/the-iaf-carried-out-an-air-strike-near-the-residence-of-palestinian-prime-minister-ismail-haniyeh-the-idf-said-that-the-air-strike-was-no.md) _Context: Hamas, Prime Minister_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): Israel rejects Hamas terms for a ceasefire - Palestinian PM Ismail Haniya calls for a ceasefire to end several days of fierce fighting in the Gaza Strip. Israel reiterates its demand to release the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit, and end Qassam rocket attacks on Israeli towns, for an immediate cease fire to take place. ](/news/2006/07/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-israel-rejects-hamas-terms-for-a-ceasefire-palestinian-pm-ismail-haniya-calls-for.md) _Context: Hamas, Ismail Haniya_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): Israel strikes an empty office of Palestinian PM Ismail Haniyeh. Two other Hamas operatives are killed in two separate aerial strikes. Israeli defense minister Amir Peretz warns stepping up quality of targets, reiterating the responsibility of Syrian president Bashar Assad for the continued crisis. ](/news/2006/07/2/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-israel-strikes-an-empty-office-of-palestinian-pm-ismail-haniyeh-two-other-hamas-op.md) _Context: Hamas, Prime Minister_
7. [ Interim Israeli Prime minister Ehud Olmert postpones until Sunday official discourse which would ban Palestinian movements between Gaza and the West Bank, bar Palestinians from working in Israel and stop transfer of $50 million tax receipts to the Palestinian Authority. All these measures, criticized by Israeli Labor Party leader Amir Peretz, follows the victory of Hamas over Fatah during the January 2006 legislative elections. [http://today.reuters.com/news/NewsArticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=uri:2006-02-17T153806Z_01_L17580155_RTRUKOC_0_US-MIDEAST.xml&pageNumber=0&summit= (Reuters)] [http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/I/ISRAEL_PALESTINIANS?SITE=WKHG&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT (AP)].](/news/2006/02/17/interim-israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-postpones-until-sunday-official-discourse-which-would-ban-palestinian-movements-between-gaza-and.md) _Context: Hamas, January 2006 legislative elections_
8. [ Islamist party Hamas' landslide victory in Palestinian elections ends four decades of rule by the Fatah party. Hamas secures 76 seats in the 132-member legislature through parliamentary elections. Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei announces he will resign and Fatah declares it will not join a Hamas-led coalition, although Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas plans to continue negotiations with Israel through the Palestine Liberation Organization.](/news/2006/01/26/islamist-party-hamas-landslide-victory-in-palestinian-elections-ends-four-decades-of-rule-by-the-fatah-party-hamas-secures-76-seats-in-th.md) _Context: Hamas, January 2006 legislative elections_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel bans Palestinians from East Jerusalem from voting in the next Palestinian legislative election throwing the entire election in doubt. Israel claims that it made the ban out of fears that Hamas would do well. ](/news/2005/12/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-bans-palestinians-from-east-jerusalem-from-voting-in-the-next-palestinian-legislative-election-throwin.md) _Context: Hamas, January 2006 legislative elections_
10. [In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims are refuted by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the-three-palestinian-assailants.md) _Context: Hamas_
