### [2005-07-14](/news/2005/07/14/index.md)

#  Dana Galkowicz, an Israeli woman, 22, dies in the moshav of Netiv Ha'asara after Palestinian militants fire more than a dozen Qassam rockets. Hamas, Islamic Jihad and the al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades all claimed responsibility, though Israel primarily suspects Hamas 

Palestinians fire eight Qassam rockets at southern town of Sderot and vicinity Friday morning; slight damage reported in latest attack. Early Friday, Air Force hits Hamas targets in Gaza after Israeli woman killed in Qassam attack


### Source:

1. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3112844,00.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.ynetnews.com/images/default_EynetLogo200_200.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ Two Qassam rockets fired out of the Gaza Strip by Palestinian militants landed near the southern Israeli town of Sderot. [http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3133122,00.html (YNETnews)],[http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1124938373544 (The Jerusalem Post)] Two mortar rockets were fired from Lebanon towards Israel, one of which struck a chicken coop in the Northern Galilee Moshav of Margaliot, while the other landed in Lebanese territory. Nobody was reported injured. [http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3133122,00.html (YNETnews)],[http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1124938373544 (The Jerusalem Post)] Later reports suggest that for the first time, Hizb Allah test-fires an Iranian medium-range rocket near the Lebanese border with Israel. One of the three 240 mm Fajr-3 rockets, launched about six kilometers north of the border, landed in Israel and the other two fell inside Lebanon. ([http://menewsline.com/stories/2005/august/08_29_1.html MENL])](/news/2005/08/25/two-qassam-rockets-fired-out-of-the-gaza-strip-by-palestinian-militants-landed-near-the-southern-israeli-town-of-sderot-http-www-ynetne.md) _Context: Israel, Moshav, Palestinian, Qassam rocket_
2. [The Israeli air force launches early morning airstrikes on smuggling tunnels along Gaza-Egypt border as well as a Hamas training camp in Gaza following Palestinian militants' rocket attacks against Beersheba and Ashkelon, Israel. ](/news/2011/03/24/the-israeli-air-force-launches-early-morning-airstrikes-on-smuggling-tunnels-along-gaza-egypt-border-as-well-as-a-hamas-training-camp-in-gaz.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
3. [Hamas militants fire two Qassam rockets and mortar rounds into Israel from the Gaza Strip. Israeli aircraft then bombed a smuggling tunnel under the Gaza Strip's border with Egypt.](/news/2010/09/15/hamas-militants-fire-two-qassam-rockets-and-mortar-rounds-into-israel-from-the-gaza-strip-israeli-aircraft-then-bombed-a-smuggling-tunnel-u.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Qassam rocket_
4. [ 20 Palestinians are killed by the Israeli Defense Forces including 14 fighters and five civilians, with 55 people wounded. Hamas leader Mahmoud Zahar's son is killed. Dozens of rockets are fired into Israel by Hamas, landing in the town of Sderot, injuring 4 Israelis. An Ecuadorian laborer is also shot and killed by Hamas. ](/news/2008/01/15/20-palestinians-are-killed-by-the-israeli-defense-forces-including-14-fighters-and-five-civilians-with-55-people-wounded-hamas-leader-mah.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israelis_
5. [ Israeli forces have killed three Palestinian Islamic Jihad militants and detained five militants, including a senior member of the governing Hamas movement in two separate incidents in southern Gaza. ](/news/2006/08/24/israeli-forces-have-killed-three-palestinian-islamic-jihad-militants-and-detained-five-militants-including-a-senior-member-of-the-governin.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinian Islamic Jihad_
6. [ Israel rejects Hamas terms for a ceasefire - Palestinian PM Ismail Haniya calls for a ceasefire to end several days of fierce fighting in the Gaza Strip. Israel reiterates its demand to release the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit, and end Qassam rocket attacks on Israeli towns, for an immediate cease fire to take place. ](/news/2006/07/8/israel-rejects-hamas-terms-for-a-ceasefire-palestinian-pm-ismail-haniya-calls-for-a-ceasefire-to-end-several-days-of-fierce-fighting-in-t.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Qassam rocket_
7. [ A Qassam rocket hits a High school at Ashkelon, an Israeli city with a population exceeding 117,000. The rocket was launched by Hamas militants from the town of Beit Hanun in the northern Gaza strip. ](/news/2006/07/4/a-qassam-rocket-hits-a-high-school-at-ashkelon-an-israeli-city-with-a-population-exceeding-117-000-the-rocket-was-launched-by-hamas-milit.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Qassam rocket_
8. [ Members of the militant wing of Mahmoud Abbas's Fatah party, Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, claim they have launched a chemical-tipped missile at the Israeli town of Sderot. The same group has recently claimed to possess about 20 biological warheads for Qassam rockets fired daily at Israeli towns. The Israeli Army says they have not detected a launch of any such rocket, nor received reports of such a weapon hitting Israel. At least four Qassam rockets are launched against Israeli towns on Wednesday. ](/news/2006/06/28/members-of-the-militant-wing-of-mahmoud-abbas-s-fatah-party-al-aqsa-martyrs-brigades-claim-they-have-launched-a-chemical-tipped-missile.md) _Context: Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, Israel, Qassam rocket_
9. [ The militant Hamas group calls off its truce with Israel after seven civilians are killed in the Gaza Strip. More than seventy Qassam rockets were launched at Israeli towns by Hamas militants since Friday morning, wounding Palestenian and Israeli civilians alike. ](/news/2006/06/10/the-militant-hamas-group-calls-off-its-truce-with-israel-after-seven-civilians-are-killed-in-the-gaza-strip-more-than-seventy-qassam-rocke.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Qassam rocket_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: 2 Palestinian militants, one from Hamas, the other the Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigade, have died following an Israeli air-strike in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/11/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2-palestinian-militants-one-from-hamas-the-other-the-al-aqsa-martyrs-brigade-have-died-following-an-israel.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinian_
