### [2016-10-7](/news/2016/10/7/index.md)

# Authorities confirm that a wing part found in Mauritius in May is part of the aircraft from Malaysian Airlines Flight 370. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Miami Herald](http://www.miamiherald.com/news/nation-world/article106616222.html)

### Related:

1. [The Government of Malaysia confirms that two more pieces of debris found in South Africa and Rodrigues Island off the coast of Mauritius are "almost certainly" from Malaysia Airlines 370  that disappeared two years ago. ](/news/2016/05/12/the-government-of-malaysia-confirms-that-two-more-pieces-of-debris-found-in-south-africa-and-rodrigues-island-off-the-coast-of-mauritius-are.md) _Context: Malaysia Airlines Flight 370, Mauritius_
2. [A Malaysian court dismisses  Malaysia Airlines's bid to throw out a lawsuit filed by relatives of three people who went missing on Flight 370. The company argued that the disappearance of MH370 on March 8, 2014, occurred before the company came into existence as Malaysia Airlines Berhad (MAB) on September 1, 2015, and therefore  has no liability to relatives. The court ruled  MAB's liability would be determined in a trial. ](/news/2016/03/31/a-malaysian-court-dismisses-malaysia-airlines-s-bid-to-throw-out-a-lawsuit-filed-by-relatives-of-three-people-who-went-missing-on-flight-37.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
3. [Two brothers whose father was on Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 last year when it disappeared receive compensation from the government of Malaysia and Malaysian Airlines. ](/news/2015/06/2/two-brothers-whose-father-was-on-malaysia-airlines-flight-370-last-year-when-it-disappeared-receive-compensation-from-the-government-of-mala.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
4. [Without recovering any physical evidence, including the data recorders, Malaysia officially declares the loss of Flight 370 over the Indian Ocean an accident meaning that victims families can seek compensation. ](/news/2015/01/29/without-recovering-any-physical-evidence-including-the-data-recorders-malaysia-officially-declares-the-loss-of-flight-370-over-the-indian.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
5. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370:Australia, Malaysia and the People's Republic of China reach an agreement about the costs and direction of the ongoing search for the wreckage of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 which is believed to have crashed in the Indian Ocean southwest of Western Australia. ](/news/2014/08/28/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-paustralia-malaysia-and-the-people-s-republic-of-china-reach-an-agreement-about-the-costs-and-direction-of-the.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
6. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370:Malaysia's Department of Civil Aviation and British satellite firm Inmarsat release the raw data used to determine the estimated path of missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. ](/news/2014/05/27/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-pmalaysia-s-department-of-civil-aviation-and-british-satellite-firm-inmarsat-release-the-raw-data-used-to-deter.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
7. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Malaysia_
8. [In a vote at the United Nations General Assembly, 94 states support a Mauritius-sponsored resolution to seek an advisory opinion from the International Court of Justice on the legal status of the disputed Chagos Archipelago. ](/news/2017/06/22/in-a-vote-at-the-united-nations-general-assembly-94-states-support-a-mauritius-sponsored-resolution-to-seek-an-advisory-opinion-from-the-in.md) _Context: Mauritius_
9. [Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines begin joint patrols in the pirate havens within the Celebes and Sulu Seas. ](/news/2017/06/19/indonesia-malaysia-and-the-philippines-begin-joint-patrols-in-the-pirate-havens-within-the-celebes-and-sulu-seas.md) _Context: Malaysia_
10. [North Korea temporarily bans all Malaysian nationals (estimated to be at least 11 people including embassy employees) from leaving the country amid a growing dispute between the two countries over the death of Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of Kim Jong-un. Malaysian official Khairy Jamaluddin calls the move "tantamount to taking hostages". ](/news/2017/03/7/north-korea-temporarily-bans-all-malaysian-nationals-estimated-to-be-at-least-11-people-including-embassy-employees-from-leaving-the-count.md) _Context: Malaysia_
