### [2010-03-6](/news/2010/03/6/index.md)

# Washington, D.C. is to become the first American city to hand out free female condoms in the battle against HIV/AIDS. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/health/8553625.stm)
2. [Boston Globe](http://www.boston.com/news/nation/washington/articles/2010/03/07/female_condoms_used_in_aids_fight/?rss_id=Boston+Globe+--+National+News)
3. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/03/05/AR2010030504444.html?hpid=moreheadlines)

### Related:

1. [FIRST Robotics Competition. Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C. A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/first-robotics-competition-six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in.md) _Context: United States, Washington, D.C._
2. [ A research team led by an evolutionary biologist at the University of Arizona publishes a paper in "Nature" on the genetic history of HIV proving that Gaetan Dugas, the Canadian flight attendant who had been identified for years as "Patient Zero" of the AIDS epidemic in the U.S., did not spread the virus to the country. The study indicates that HIV first spread to the U.S. from the Caribbean around 1970. ](/news/2016/10/26/a-research-team-led-by-an-evolutionary-biologist-at-the-university-of-arizona-publishes-a-paper-in-nature-on-the-genetic-history-of-hiv-p.md) _Context: AIDS, HIV_
3. [North Korea-South Korea relations. North Korea-United States relations. In response to the annual military drills, North Korea threatens to destroy Seoul and Washington, D.C. through nuclear weapons if provoked. Both South Korea and the United States insist the drills are for defense. ](/news/2016/08/23/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korea-united-states-relations-in-response-to-the-annual-military-drills-north-korea-threatens.md) _Context: United States, Washington, D.C._
4. [In the United States, 14 of 175 cars of a CSX freight train derail in northeastern Washington, D.C., near a city subway station. There were three leaks; one, sodium hydroxide, is a hazardous material. All leaks, and a nearby gas line that was ruptured, are contained. Officials are unable to say when cleanup will be completed nor when train service will be restored. There were no injuries reported, and there was no residential evacuation. Amtrak and a Baltimore-Washington commuter rail service also use the line. ](/news/2016/05/1/in-the-united-states-14-of-175-cars-of-a-csx-freight-train-derail-in-northeastern-washington-d-c-near-a-city-subway-station-there-were.md) _Context: United States, Washington, D.C._
5. [LGBT rights in the United States. A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/lgbt-rights-in-the-united-states-a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminato.md) _Context: United States, Washington, D.C._
6. [ The Health Information Trust Alliance, a nonprofit industry group, warns that hospitals in the United States must prepare for more ransomware attacks. A review late last year of some 30 mid-sized U.S. hospitals found 52 percent were infected with malicious software. This week, an attack on MedStar Health forced the largest healthcare provider in the Washington, D.C. area, to shut down much of its computer network. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-health-information-trust-alliance-a-nonprofit-industry-group-warns-that-hospitals-in-the-united-states-must-prepare-for-more-ransomwa.md) _Context: United States, Washington, D.C._
7. [U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron, at the upcoming Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C., will announce a three-way deal with the United States and Euratom, the European Union nuclear agency, to turn nuclear waste into medical isotopes to help fight cancer. ](/news/2016/03/30/u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-at-the-upcoming-nuclear-security-summit-in-washington-d-c-will-announce-a-three-way-deal-with-the-unit.md) _Context: United States, Washington, D.C._
8. [American actor Charlie Sheen confirms he has HIV. ](/news/2015/11/17/american-actor-charlie-sheen-confirms-he-has-hiv.md) _Context: HIV, United States_
9. [Lockheed Martin vice president of air and missile defense Mike Trotsky tells the National Press Club in Washington, D.C., that the United States and South Korea are holding both formal and informal discussions on THAAD (Terminal High Altitude Area Defense System) deployment. South Korea's Defense Ministry and the U.S. Department of Defense deny the report. ](/news/2015/10/29/lockheed-martin-vice-president-of-air-and-missile-defense-mike-trotsky-tells-the-national-press-club-in-washington-d-c-that-the-united-st.md) _Context: United States, Washington, D.C._
10. [Pope Francis%27 visit to the United States. Pope Francis arrives in the U.S. from his last stop in Cuba, Santiago de Cuba, at Joint Base Andrews (formerly, Andrews Air Force Base), near Washington D.C., to start his first tour of the United States. He is received by U.S. President Barack Obama, his wife, U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama, Malia and Sasha Obama, Marian Lois Robinson, U.S. Vice President Joseph R. Biden, his wife, U.S. Second Lady Dr. Jill Biden, two Biden granddaughters, the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S. Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano, military and base leaders, and Washington's Cardinal Donald Wuerl. He will be received tomorrow morning in a second arrival ceremony, at the White House, and will meet with the President there. ](/news/2015/09/22/pope-francis-27-visit-to-the-united-states-pope-francis-arrives-in-the-u-s-from-his-last-stop-in-cuba-santiago-de-cuba-at-joint-base-and.md) _Context: United States, Washington, D.C._
