### [2014-10-11](/news/2014/10/11/index.md)

# The American city of St. Louis prepares for a weekend of protests after eight people were arrested protesting another death in the suburb of Ferguson, Missouri this week. 

Thousands of protesters marched through St. Louis on Saturday as part of a weekend of demonstrations against police violence organized after the fatal shooting of an unarmed black teenager by a white officer last summer.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/10/11/us-usa-missouri-shooting-idUSKCN0HZ25E20141011?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)

### Related:

1. [The Governor of the US state of Missouri, Jay Nixon, dispatches the Missouri National Guard to the St. Louis suburb of Ferguson following a week of often violent protest after the shooting of Michael Brown. ](/news/2014/08/18/the-governor-of-the-us-state-of-missouri-jay-nixon-dispatches-the-missouri-national-guard-to-the-st-louis-suburb-of-ferguson-following-a.md) _Context: Ferguson, Missouri, St. Louis's_
2. [A boiler explosion at a Missouri box company in St. Louis's historic Soulard neighborhood kills three people and injures four others. ](/news/2017/04/3/a-boiler-explosion-at-a-missouri-box-company-in-st-louis-s-historic-soulard-neighborhood-kills-three-people-and-injures-four-others.md) _Context: St. Louis's_
3. [Paul Beatty becomes the first American author to win the Man Booker Prize for his novel "The Sellout". ](/news/2016/10/25/paul-beatty-becomes-the-first-american-author-to-win-the-man-booker-prize-for-his-novel-the-sellout.md) _Context: American_
4. [American Olympic swimmers Ryan Lochte, Gunnar Bentz, Jack Conger and Jimmy Feigen claim they were robbed at gunpoint in Rio de Janeiro by men posing as Brazilian police officers. ](/news/2016/08/14/american-olympic-swimmers-ryan-lochte-gunnar-bentz-jack-conger-and-jimmy-feigen-claim-they-were-robbed-at-gunpoint-in-rio-de-janeiro-by-me.md) _Context: American_
5. [Peabody Energy, the largest privately-owned producer of coal in the world headquartered in St. Louis, Missouri, files for bankruptcy court protection due to high debts and a drop in world prices. ](/news/2016/04/13/peabody-energy-the-largest-privately-owned-producer-of-coal-in-the-world-headquartered-in-st-louis-missouri-files-for-bankruptcy-court-p.md) _Context: St. Louis's_
6. [A Missouri court strikes down parts of a law, meant to address concerns raised after the police shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, that limit cities' ability to profit from traffic tickets and court fines. The judge wrote the law unconstitutionally targeted St. Louis-area municipalities with caps on revenues from traffic fines that were lower than other cities in the state. ](/news/2016/03/28/a-missouri-court-strikes-down-parts-of-a-law-meant-to-address-concerns-raised-after-the-police-shooting-of-michael-brown-in-ferguson-misso.md) _Context: Ferguson, Missouri_
7. [The Ferguson, Missouri, city council, after last month voting to change the terms of the agreement, reverses course and unanimously (6-0) agrees to accept a U.S. Justice Department overhaul of its troubled police force and municipal courts. This avoided a likely expensive legal battle with the federal government which had filed suit against the city following last month's vote. ](/news/2016/03/15/the-ferguson-missouri-city-council-after-last-month-voting-to-change-the-terms-of-the-agreement-reverses-course-and-unanimously-6-0-ag.md) _Context: Ferguson, Missouri_
8. [Several American personnel are suspended after an official report finds that human error was to blame for an airstrike on a Doctors without Borders hospital in the Afghan city of Kunduz in October that killed 30 people. No criminal charges were filed. ](/news/2015/11/25/several-american-personnel-are-suspended-after-an-official-report-finds-that-human-error-was-to-blame-for-an-airstrike-on-a-doctors-without.md) _Context: American_
9. [In the United States, the hacking group Anonymous starts releasing names and information about alleged members of the Ku Klux Klan (KKK), a white-supremacist terrorist group originally founded after the Civil War by former Confederate soldiers. Prominent individuals listed deny the allegations. The group says they also infiltrated KKK-affiliated websites, and warned of more action culminating on November 24, the anniversary of the Ferguson, Missouri grand jury's decision not to indict. ](/news/2015/11/2/in-the-united-states-the-hacking-group-anonymous-starts-releasing-names-and-information-about-alleged-members-of-the-ku-klux-klan-kkk-a.md) _Context: Ferguson, Missouri_
10. [St. Louis' police chief announces officers are stepping up patrols following fires at six predominantly African-American churches in the past two weeks. No one has been injured in any of the fires. The reward for information leading to an arrest is now $4,000; the St. Louis Police Officers' Association will match the $2,000 reward being offered by the St. Louis Regional Crime Stoppers and the ATF. The American Civil Liberties Union of Missouri and the Anti-Defamation League suggest the fires may be arson sparked by racist motivations. ](/news/2015/10/21/st-louis-police-chief-announces-officers-are-stepping-up-patrols-following-fires-at-six-predominantly-african-american-churches-in-the-pas.md) _Context: St. Louis's_
