### [2014-10-11](/news/2014/10/11/index.md)

# Turkey agrees to allow the training of 2,000 Syrian opposition forces on its soil as Islamic State militants approach to within 1 mile of the centre of the border city of Kobani. 

Turkey agrees to train Syrian opposition fighters in Turkey by American and Turkish special forces, as Islamic State militants draw closer to capturing the Syrian city of Kobani.


### Source:

1. [Wall Street Journal](http://online.wsj.com/articles/islamic-state-draws-closer-to-capturing-syrian-city-of-kobani-1413029310)

### Related:

1. [Kurdish fighters battling Islamic State militants in the town of Koban, Syria on the Syria-Turkey border capture the strategic Mishtenur hill killing eleven fighters. ](/news/2015/01/19/kurdish-fighters-battling-islamic-state-militants-in-the-town-of-kobani-syria-on-the-syria-turkey-border-capture-the-strategic-mishtenur-hi.md) _Context: Islamic State, Koban, Syria, Turkish_
2. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Islamic State, Syria, Turkish_
3. [Turkey sends more tanks into northern Syria to continue its offensive against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG). ](/news/2016/08/25/turkey-sends-more-tanks-into-northern-syria-to-continue-its-offensive-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-and-kurdish-people-s-prot.md) _Context: Islamic State, Syria, Turkish_
4. [Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu says Turkey's cooperation with Russia in combating the Islamic State in Syria does not include Russia's use of its Incirlik Air Base, which some have interpreted from his comments yesterday. ](/news/2016/07/4/turkish-foreign-minister-mevla1-4t-aavuaoalu-says-turkey-s-cooperation-with-russia-in-combating-the-islamic-state-in-syria-does-not-include.md) _Context: Islamic State, Syria, Turkish_
5. [Rockets fired by ISIL from northern Syria hit a poor neighborhood and a mosque in the Turkish city of Kilis, killing one person and injuring 26 others. Turkish security forces responded by returning fire into Syria. ](/news/2016/04/24/rockets-fired-by-isil-from-northern-syria-hit-a-poor-neighborhood-and-a-mosque-in-the-turkish-city-of-kilis-killing-one-person-and-injuring.md) _Context: Islamic State, Syria, Turkish_
6. [A rocket fired from ISIL-controlled territory in Syria's Aleppo Governorate, kills at least one person and injures another in the Turkish city of Kilis, close to the Syria-Turkey border. The Turkish military responded with artillery fire on ISIL positions. ](/news/2016/01/18/a-rocket-fired-from-isil-controlled-territory-in-syria-s-aleppo-governorate-kills-at-least-one-person-and-injures-another-in-the-turkish-ci.md) _Context: Islamic State, Syria, Turkish_
7. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that at least 50 United States military instructors have deployed to northern Syria from Turkey and Iraq to train Kurdish forces ahead of an assault on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah. ](/news/2015/11/30/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-that-at-least-50-united-states-military-instructors-have-deployed-to-northern-syria-from-tur.md) _Context: Islamic State, Syria, Turkish_
8. [Ankara's Chief Prosecutor's office says it has "strong evidence" that an Islamic State group -- based in Gaziantep, near the Syrian border -- is behind the bombings at this month's Ankara peace rally that killed 102 people, as well as  four previous attacks in Turkey since May that have mainly targeted supporters of a pro-Kurdish party. ](/news/2015/10/28/ankara-s-chief-prosecutor-s-office-says-it-has-strong-evidence-that-an-islamic-state-group-a-based-in-gaziantep-near-the-syrian-border.md) _Context: Islamic State, Syria, Turkish_
9. [ The U.S. deploys around a dozen A-10 ground-attack planes to Turkey's southern Incirlik Air Base. A U.S. military official said the deployment had "added capability" to the coalition's efforts against ISIL in Iraq and Syria. ](/news/2015/10/20/the-u-s-deploys-around-a-dozen-a-10-ground-attack-planes-to-turkey-s-southern-incirlik-air-base-a-u-s-military-official-said-the-deploym.md) _Context: Islamic State, Syria, Turkish_
10. [Turkey scrambles fighter jets and Turkish tanks open fire on ISIS positions along the Syrian border following an exchange of fire which left one Turkish soldier dead and two injured. The clashes are the first direct combat between the Turkish military and ISIS forces. There are multiple reports of Turkish ground forces crossing the official border into Syria. ](/news/2015/07/23/turkey-scrambles-fighter-jets-and-turkish-tanks-open-fire-on-isis-positions-along-the-syrian-border-following-an-exchange-of-fire-which-left.md) _Context: Islamic State, Syria, Turkish_
