### [2012-02-21](/news/2012/02/21/index.md)

# Celebrations of Losar, the Tibetan Buddhist New Year, are cancelled in the People's Republic of China due to a wave of immolations. 

For Tibetan Buddhists, tomorrow is Losar, the start of the year 2139; an occasion that the Dalai Lama will mark in the main temple in Mcleod Ganj, Dharamsala.


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/asia/tibet/9095889/As-Tibet-marks-new-year-self-immolations-mean-there-will-be-no-celebrations.html)

### Related:

1. [Tibetan advocacy groups claim that as many as seven ethnic Tibetans have been killed and 60 wounded in the past week in protests in China's Sichuan province bordering Tibet. ](/news/2012/01/30/tibetan-advocacy-groups-claim-that-as-many-as-seven-ethnic-tibetans-have-been-killed-and-60-wounded-in-the-past-week-in-protests-in-china-s.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, Tibetan_
2. [Human rights groups send an open letter to the President of the People's Republic of China, Hu Jintao, pressing the Chinese government to address the underlying causes of protests that have led 11 Tibetans to set themselves on fire since March. ](/news/2011/11/8/human-rights-groups-send-an-open-letter-to-the-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-hu-jintao-pressing-the-chinese-government-to-ad.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, Tibetan_
3. [ The Dalai Lama warns that he is losing confidence in Chinese officials and that the Tibetan people are facing "great danger". ](/news/2008/11/23/the-dalai-lama-warns-that-he-is-losing-confidence-in-chinese-officials-and-that-the-tibetan-people-are-facing-great-danger.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, Tibetan_
4. [A mob of at least a hundred Rakhine Buddhists in Sittwe, Rakhine State, Myanmar, attack seven Rohingya men from Dapaing Camp for internally displaced persons, killing one and severely injuring another. The Rohingya men were being escorted by police to Sittwe's docks to purchase boats, but were attacked despite armed guards being present. ](/news/2017/07/4/a-mob-of-at-least-a-hundred-rakhine-buddhists-in-sittwe-rakhine-state-myanmar-attack-seven-rohingya-men-from-dapaing-camp-for-internally.md) _Context: Buddhists_
5. [A spokesman for the Taiwan Affairs Office of People's Republic of China says Taiwan is barred from observing this year's World Health Assembly because current President Tsai Ing-wen has not endorsed the Beijing view that both sides belong to a single China under the One-China policy; the spokesman further said that the health of people in Taiwan is not being put at risk by Taiwan's inability to attend. ](/news/2017/05/10/a-spokesman-for-the-taiwan-affairs-office-of-people-s-republic-of-china-says-taiwan-is-barred-from-observing-this-yearas-world-health-asse.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
6. [Ten people have died, five are injured and four missing after a bus plunges into a river in China's Guizhou province. ](/news/2017/04/17/ten-people-have-died-five-are-injured-and-four-missing-after-a-bus-plunges-into-a-river-in-china-s-guizhou-province.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
7. [People's Republic of China detains Taiwanese political activist Lee Ming-che on suspicion of endangering national security and revokes his wife's travel permit. ](/news/2017/04/10/people-s-republic-of-china-detains-taiwanese-political-activist-lee-ming-che-on-suspicion-of-endangering-national-security-and-revokes-his-w.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
8. [Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country,  and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor   Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight  and end the violence.   Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the  Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on  sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-in-the-predominatel.md) _Context: Buddhists_
9. [The People's Republic of China lodges a complaint with the United States after President-elect of the United States Donald Trump speaks with President of Taiwan Tsai Ing-wen. The PRC and the United States view Taiwan as a breakaway province. ](/news/2016/12/3/the-people-s-republic-of-china-lodges-a-complaint-with-the-united-states-after-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-speaks-with.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
10. [The People's Republic of China returns a United States unmanned underwater drone that it seized in the South China Sea last week. ](/news/2016/12/20/the-people-s-republic-of-china-returns-a-united-states-unmanned-underwater-drone-that-it-seized-in-the-south-china-sea-last-week.md) _Context: People's Republic of China_
