### [2012-02-21](/news/2012/02/21/index.md)

# Palestinian prisoner Khader Adnan ends a 66-day hunger strike over his detention in a deal that will see him released in two months. 

Palestinian prisoner Khader Adnan, who on Tuesday ended a 66-day hunger strike, has become a potent symbol of protest against Israel&#39;s practice of holding suspects without trial.


### Source:

1. [Daily Star Lebanon](http://www.dailystar.com.lb/News/Middle-East/2012/Feb-21/164099-deal-ends-palestinian-prisoner-hunger-strike-minister.ashx#axzz1n1JF0nep)

### Related:

1. [Hundreds of Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails -- activists say up to 1,500 are participating -- begin an open-ended hunger strike to protest poor conditions and the Israeli policy of detention without trial. ](/news/2017/04/17/hundreds-of-palestinian-prisoners-in-israeli-jails-a-activists-say-up-to-1-500-are-participating-a-begin-an-open-ended-hunger-strike-to.md) _Context: hunger strike_
2. [Armenian presidential election runner-up Raffi Hovannisian goes on hunger strike after three weeks of mass rallies against the election results. ](/news/2013/03/12/armenian-presidential-election-runner-up-raffi-hovannisian-goes-on-hunger-strike-after-three-weeks-of-mass-rallies-against-the-election-resu.md) _Context: hunger strike_
3. [Seven prisoners from Amasya Prison in Turkey say that they began "indefinite and irreversible" hunger strikes on October 5, and their health is at serious risk. ](/news/2012/10/11/seven-prisoners-from-amasya-prison-in-turkey-say-that-they-began-indefinite-and-irreversible-hunger-strikes-on-october-5-and-their-health.md) _Context: hunger strike_
4. [An armed Palestinian infiltrator and an Israeli soldier are killed during an exchange of fire along the Gaza border, and at least three militants are injured during an Israeli air strike on Gaza. ](/news/2012/06/1/an-armed-palestinian-infiltrator-and-an-israeli-soldier-are-killed-during-an-exchange-of-fire-along-the-gaza-border-and-at-least-three-mili.md) _Context: Palestinian_
5. [Two Palestinian prisoners held in Israel enter the 71st day of their hunger strikes. United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon expressed his concern about the condition of the hunger strikers. ](/news/2012/05/9/two-palestinian-prisoners-held-in-israel-enter-the-71st-day-of-their-hunger-strikes-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-expressed.md) _Context: hunger strike_
6. [Thaer Halahla, a Palestinian national on hunger strike for 71 days after being jailed by Israeli authorities, is transferred to a civilian hospital. ](/news/2012/05/8/thaer-halahla-a-palestinian-national-on-hunger-strike-for-71-days-after-being-jailed-by-israeli-authorities-is-transferred-to-a-civilian-h.md) _Context: hunger strike_
7. [Over 1,500 Palestinian prisoners in Israeli prisons end their mass hunger strike after reaching an agreement with Israeli authorities in an Egyptian-mediated deal. ](/news/2012/05/14/over-1-500-palestinian-prisoners-in-israeli-prisons-end-their-mass-hunger-strike-after-reaching-an-agreement-with-israeli-authorities-in-an.md) _Context: hunger strike_
8. [Two Palestinians held in Israeli prisons are reportedly close to death, having refused to eat for 74 days. A further 1,600 prisoners have been on hunger strike since 17 April. Leaders of the strikers wait for a response from the Israeli Prison Service to calls for negotiation on issues such as the allowing of family visits for prisoners from Gaza and the ending of the use of extended solitary confinement. ](/news/2012/05/12/two-palestinians-held-in-israeli-prisons-are-reportedly-close-to-death-having-refused-to-eat-for-74-days-a-further-1-600-prisoners-have-be.md) _Context: hunger strike_
9. [Arab Spring:Bahraini uprising: After demanding the cancellation of the 2012 Bahrain Grand Prix, the end of the crackdown on dissent, and the release of her father, Abdulhadi al-Khawaja on hunger strike in prison for the past 76 days, Zainab al-Khawaja is arrested by regime forces. ](/news/2012/04/24/arab-spring-pbahraini-uprising-after-demanding-the-cancellation-of-the-2012-bahrain-grand-prix-the-end-of-the-crackdown-on-dissent-and-th.md) _Context: hunger strike_
10. [Palestinian inmates held in Israeli jails from Hamas, Islamic Jihad, the PFLP and the DFLP go on hunger strike on the Palestinian "Prisoners' Day". Thousands of people rally in towns and cities in both the West Bank and the Gaza Strip in support of their action, waving Palestinian flags and displaying photos of imprisoned relatives. ](/news/2012/04/17/palestinian-inmates-held-in-israeli-jails-from-hamas-islamic-jihad-the-pflp-and-the-dflp-go-on-hunger-strike-on-the-palestinian-prisoners.md) _Context: hunger strike_
