### [2015-07-5](/news/2015/07/5/index.md)

# 2015 Pacific typhoon season: Over 1,000 people in the Philippines are stranded temporarily by Severe Tropical Storm Linfa (Egay) as landslides occur in Palawan province. 




### Source:

1. [GMA Network](http://www.gmanetwork.com/news/story/516206/news/nation/1-027-stranded-due-to-storm-egay-landslide-displaces-2-families-in-palawan)

### Related:

1. [Tourism in the Philippines: Viacom International Media Networks has announced it will no longer pursue a Nickelodeon underwater theme park and resort in Palawan, Philippines. The project, announced last January, attracted controversy due to criticisms from environmentalist groups who fear the resort might destroy the area's marine ecosystem, home to two UNESCO World Heritage sites. ](/news/2017/08/22/tourism-in-the-philippines-viacom-international-media-networks-has-announced-it-will-no-longer-pursue-a-nickelodeon-underwater-theme-park-a.md) _Context: Palawan, Philippines_
2. [2015 Pacific typhoon season: Typhoon Melor (Nona) causes widespread flooding and blackouts in the Philippines. More than 700,000 people had been evacuated ahead of the storm which hit late on Monday night. ](/news/2015/12/15/2015-pacific-typhoon-season-typhoon-melor-nona-causes-widespread-flooding-and-blackouts-in-the-philippines-more-than-700-000-people-had.md) _Context: 2015 Pacific typhoon season, Philippines_
3. [2015 Pacific typhoon season: The death toll for Typhoon Koppu (Lando) in the Philippines rises to 54 with more than 1.2 million affected. ](/news/2015/10/22/2015-pacific-typhoon-season-the-death-toll-for-typhoon-koppu-lando-in-the-philippines-rises-to-54-with-more-than-1-2-million-affected.md) _Context: 2015 Pacific typhoon season, Philippines_
4. [2015 Pacific typhoon season: The death toll from Tropical Storm Koppu that battered the Philippines' main island this weekend climbed to at least 39. Koppu forced more than 100,000 villagers into emergency shelters and destroyed rice fields ready for harvest. ](/news/2015/10/21/2015-pacific-typhoon-season-the-death-toll-from-tropical-storm-koppu-that-battered-the-philippines-main-island-this-weekend-climbed-to-at.md) _Context: 2015 Pacific typhoon season, Philippines_
5. [2015 Pacific typhoon season: Rising floodwaters are causing problems in the northern Philippines as Typhoon Koppu (Lando in the Philippines) is set to linger over the island of Luzon until Wednesday. Eleven people have died so far. ](/news/2015/10/19/2015-pacific-typhoon-season-rising-floodwaters-are-causing-problems-in-the-northern-philippines-as-typhoon-koppu-lando-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: 2015 Pacific typhoon season, Philippines_
6. [2015 Pacific typhoon season: Typhoon Koppu (Lando) makes landfall in northern Luzon in the Philippines with forecasters warning it could stay in the area for several days. Thousands of people have been evacuated or are stranded. ](/news/2015/10/18/2015-pacific-typhoon-season-typhoon-koppu-lando-makes-landfall-in-northern-luzon-in-the-philippines-with-forecasters-warning-it-could-sta.md) _Context: 2015 Pacific typhoon season, Philippines_
7. [2015 Pacific typhoon season: Typhoon Koppu (Lando) heads towards the Philippines island of Luzon where it is expected to make landfall as a Category 4 storm, linger and deposit up to 50 inches of rain in some areas. ](/news/2015/10/17/2015-pacific-typhoon-season-typhoon-koppu-lando-heads-towards-the-philippines-island-of-luzon-where-it-is-expected-to-make-landfall-as-a.md) _Context: 2015 Pacific typhoon season, Philippines_
8. [2015 Pacific typhoon season: Koppu strengthens to a typhoon ahead of threatening lives and properties in the Philippines island of Luzon over the weekend. ](/news/2015/10/16/2015-pacific-typhoon-season-koppu-strengthens-to-a-typhoon-ahead-of-threatening-lives-and-properties-in-the-philippines-island-of-luzon-ove.md) _Context: 2015 Pacific typhoon season, Philippines_
9. [2015 Pacific typhoon season: Typhoon Goni makes landfall in southwestern Japan with at least 26 people injured but no people killed. The death toll in the Philippines rises to 21 while South Korea is on alert. ](/news/2015/08/25/2015-pacific-typhoon-season-typhoon-goni-makes-landfall-in-southwestern-japan-with-at-least-26-people-injured-but-no-people-killed-the-dea.md) _Context: 2015 Pacific typhoon season, Philippines_
10. [2015 Pacific typhoon season: Typhoon Goni leaves the Philippines with 15 dead and 12 people missing. ](/news/2015/08/23/2015-pacific-typhoon-season-typhoon-goni-leaves-the-philippines-with-15-dead-and-12-people-missing.md) _Context: 2015 Pacific typhoon season, Philippines_
