### [2015-07-5](/news/2015/07/5/index.md)

# Greek voters solidly reject (61.3 percent) the latest austerity proposal of the European Union, the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank. 

Greeks have been voting today on whether or not to accept the proposals put to the country by its creditors, the ECB, EU and IMF. The leftist Syriza government rejected these proposals and is seeking a ‘no’ vote. Proponents of a ‘yes’ vote say this will keep Greece in the eurozone


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-07-05/merkel-hollande-call-for-summit-of-euro-area-leaders-on-greece)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/07/05/us-eurozone-greece-celebrations-idUSKCN0PF14V20150705)
3. [Sky News](http://www.skynews.com.au/news/top-stories/2015/07/05/split-greece-teeters-on-brink.html)
4. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/ng-interactive/2015/jul/05/live-results-greek-referendum)
5. [To Vima](http://www.tovima.gr/en/article/?aid=719819)
5. [Cover Image](https://static.guim.co.uk/sys-images/Guardian/Pix/pictures/2015/7/6/1436170968258/346fe3e5-582d-46dc-933f-45da58b78089-620x372.gif)

### Related:

1. [Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-suggested-the-imf-may-threaten.md) _Context: EU, Greek, International Monetary Fund_
2. [The Greek bailout program by the European Union ends today with Greece failing to make a payment to the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2015/06/30/the-greek-bailout-program-by-the-european-union-ends-today-with-greece-failing-to-make-a-payment-to-the-international-monetary-fund.md) _Context: EU, Greek, International Monetary Fund_
3. [Greece secures an additional 6.2 billion euros from the European Commission, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund despite warnings that the Greek government is moving too slow to reform the government. ](/news/2013/07/9/greece-secures-an-additional-6-2-billion-euros-from-the-european-commission-the-european-central-bank-and-the-international-monetary-fund-d.md) _Context: European Central Bank, Greek, International Monetary Fund_
4. [Cyprus reportedly reaches an outline bank bailout deal with international lenders including the European Union, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2013/03/25/cyprus-reportedly-reaches-an-outline-bank-bailout-deal-with-international-lenders-including-the-european-union-the-european-central-bank-an.md) _Context: EU, European Central Bank, International Monetary Fund_
5. [A meeting of the leaders of the parties comprising the Greek Government breaks up without agreeing to cuts prescribed by the European Union, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2012/02/8/a-meeting-of-the-leaders-of-the-parties-comprising-the-greek-government-breaks-up-without-agreeing-to-cuts-prescribed-by-the-european-union.md) _Context: EU, European Central Bank, International Monetary Fund_
6. [New York City police question International Monetary Fund head Dominique Strauss-Kahn, arrested yesterday, over allegations that he sexually attacked a hotel maid near Times Square. Strauss-Kahn's schedule is threatened with interruption, with a meeting over the bailouts of Portugal and Greece with European Union finance ministers due in Brussels tomorrow. ](/news/2011/05/15/new-york-city-police-question-international-monetary-fund-head-dominique-strauss-kahn-arrested-yesterday-over-allegations-that-he-sexually.md) _Context: EU, Greek, International Monetary Fund_
7. [Officials from the International Monetary Fund, the European Central Bank and the European Union arrive in Dublin to discuss the Irish debt crisis with the Irish Government. ](/news/2010/11/18/officials-from-the-international-monetary-fund-the-european-central-bank-and-the-european-union-arrive-in-dublin-to-discuss-the-irish-debt.md) _Context: EU, European Central Bank, International Monetary Fund_
8. [Austerity measures of pay cuts and pension freeze supported by the European Union and International Monetary Fund (IMF) cause civil servants to stage a 24-hour strike in Greece. ](/news/2010/10/7/austerity-measures-of-pay-cuts-and-pension-freeze-supported-by-the-european-union-and-international-monetary-fund-imf-cause-civil-servants.md) _Context: EU, Greek, International Monetary Fund_
9. [The European Union and the International Monetary Fund agree to a bailout package for Greece that will provide approximately EUR120 billion to end the sovereign debt crisis in that country. ](/news/2010/05/2/the-european-union-and-the-international-monetary-fund-agree-to-a-bailout-package-for-greece-that-will-provide-approximately-a-120-billion.md) _Context: EU, Greek, International Monetary Fund_
10. [Standard & Poor's downgrades Greece's sovereign credit rating to junk, four days after the country's government requests the activation of a EUR45-billion EU-IMF bailout. ](/news/2010/04/27/standard-poor-s-downgrades-greece-s-sovereign-credit-rating-to-junk-four-days-after-the-country-s-government-requests-the-activation-of-a.md) _Context: EU, Greek, International Monetary Fund_
