### [2015-07-5](/news/2015/07/5/index.md)

# UNESCO adds more sites to the World Heritage List including the San Antonio Missions National Historical Park in the US city of San Antonio, Texas and Scotland's Forth Bridge. 

Early Sunday, a delegation from San Antonio was in Bonn, Germany, to witness the World Heritage Committee of the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization, known as UNESCO, approve the missions’ nomination. “The city of San Antonio is delighted with UNESCO’s action today and the recognition that our Spanish colonial missions are of outstanding cultural historical value to the people of the world,” San Antonio Mayor Ivy Taylor said in a news release. City Councilwoman Rebecca Viagran, whose district includes the four missions that make up the San Antonio Missions National Historical Park, called the inscription “a monumental moment for all our families who have lived in and around the missions because we are very proud of being from the South Side.”


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-scotland-edinburgh-east-fife-33397980)
2. [My San Antonio](http://www.mysanantonio.com/news/local/article/Missions-World-Heritage-bid-close-to-100-6366355.php)

### Related:

1. [Severe storms, from the weather system that hit Southern California Friday, reach southwest Texas injuring several people and damaging at least 100 homes with one confirmed tornado in San Antonio. Heavy rains continue today with flash floods likely as the storm moves to eastern Texas and southern Louisiana. ](/news/2017/02/20/severe-storms-from-the-weather-system-that-hit-southern-california-friday-reach-southwest-texas-injuring-several-people-and-damaging-at-le.md) _Context: San Antonio, Texas, Texas_
2. [Multiple gunshots strike the public safety headquarters of the San Antonio, Texas, Police Department. No injuries are reported. ](/news/2016/07/9/multiple-gunshots-strike-the-public-safety-headquarters-of-the-san-antonio-texas-police-department-no-injuries-are-reported.md) _Context: San Antonio, Texas, Texas_
3. [With the death of an 18-year-old killer whale at its San Antonio, Texas facility and the recent malfunction of the Sky Tower ride at its park in Orlando, Florida, SeaWorld's problems in the wake of recent earning shortfalls, decline in attendance, and drop the values of its shares. In response, the company plans new pricing and attractions. ](/news/2015/12/25/with-the-death-of-an-18-year-old-killer-whale-at-its-san-antonio-texas-facility-and-the-recent-malfunction-of-the-sky-tower-ride-at-its-par.md) _Context: San Antonio, Texas, Texas_
4. [Storms hit the American state of Texas causing at least two deaths with one person reported missing. Rivers overflowed as more than a foot of rain fell in some areas while tornadoes ripped through buildings outside San Antonio. ](/news/2015/10/30/storms-hit-the-american-state-of-texas-causing-at-least-two-deaths-with-one-person-reported-missing-rivers-overflowed-as-more-than-a-foot-o.md) _Context: San Antonio, Texas, Texas_
5. [ UNESCO adds new sites to the World Heritage List: Tusi Sites (China), Susa, Cultural Landscape of Maymand (both in Iran), Singapore Botanic Gardens (Singapore), Baekje Historic Areas (Republic of Korea), Great Burkhan Khaldun Mountain and its surrounding sacred landscape (Mongolia), and the French wine producing regions of Champagne and Burgundy. ](/news/2015/07/4/unesco-adds-new-sites-to-the-world-heritage-list-tusi-sites-china-susa-cultural-landscape-of-maymand-both-in-iran-singapore-botanic.md) _Context: UNESCO, World Heritage List_
6. [An apartment building fire near San Antonio, Texas, USA, kills five people. ](/news/2014/12/28/an-apartment-building-fire-near-san-antonio-texas-usa-kills-five-people.md) _Context: San Antonio, Texas, Texas_
7. [Two people are killed when the US city of San Antonio, Texas, experiences heavy flooding. ](/news/2013/05/25/two-people-are-killed-when-the-us-city-of-san-antonio-texas-experiences-heavy-flooding.md) _Context: San Antonio, Texas, Texas_
8. [ The UNESCO World Heritage Committee votes in Quebec City and adds 27 new sites to the World Heritage List. ](/news/2008/07/8/the-unesco-world-heritage-committee-votes-in-quebec-city-and-adds-27-new-sites-to-the-world-heritage-list.md) _Context: UNESCO, World Heritage List_
9. [Qatar announces it will donate USD$ 30 million to help people in Texas recover from Harvey. ](/news/2017/09/7/qatar-announces-it-will-donate-usd-30-million-to-help-people-in-texas-recover-from-harvey.md) _Context: Texas_
10. [At least eight people have died in the American state of Texas with 30,000 residents in the city of Houston expected to seek temporary shelter. ](/news/2017/08/28/at-least-eight-people-have-died-in-the-american-state-of-texas-with-30-000-residents-in-the-city-of-houston-expected-to-seek-temporary-shelt.md) _Context: Texas_
