### [2013-04-18](/news/2013/04/18/index.md)

# Authorities in the United Arab Emirates say they have arrested seven suspected members of an al-Qaeda-linked "terrorist cell" seeking to carry out operations in the country and the region. 

The statement, carried by the official WAM news agency, says the latest arrests include seven people of Arab nationalities, but gave no further details.


### Source:

1. [AP via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2013/04/18/united-arab-emirates-says-arrests-made-in-suspected-al-qaeda-cell/)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.foxnews.com/content/dam/fox-news/logo/og-fn-foxnews.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The United States closes 22 embassies in the Middle East and North Africa due to intelligence of an Al-Qaeda attack. ](/news/2013/08/4/the-united-states-closes-22-embassies-in-the-middle-east-and-north-africa-due-to-intelligence-of-an-al-qaeda-attack.md) _Context: Middle East, al-Qaeda_
2. [ A consortium led by Korea Electric Power gets a US$20.4-billion contract to build nuclear power plants in the United Arab Emirates, the largest-ever energy deal in the Middle East. ](/news/2009/12/27/a-consortium-led-by-korea-electric-power-gets-a-us-20-4-billion-contract-to-build-nuclear-power-plants-in-the-united-arab-emirates-the-lar.md) _Context: Middle East, United Arab Emirates_
3. [ Ayman al-Zawahri, the second in charge of Al Qaeda, issues a video calling for further jihad and calling for the overthrow of "corrupt" Governments in the Middle East. ](/news/2007/07/4/ayman-al-zawahri-the-second-in-charge-of-al-qaeda-issues-a-video-calling-for-further-jihad-and-calling-for-the-overthrow-of-corrupt-gov.md) _Context: Middle East, al-Qaeda_
4. [ War on Terrorism: "The Sunday Times" reports that Al-Qaeda terrorists have infiltrated Iraq from surrounding Arab countries and have aligned themselves with former intelligence agents of Saddam Hussein to fight the Coalition forces. Their attacks have killed Coalition soldiers and Iraqi police officers, among others.](/news/2003/08/10/war-on-terrorism-the-sunday-times-reports-that-al-qaeda-terrorists-have-infiltrated-iraq-from-surrounding-arab-countries-and-have-aligne.md) _Context: Middle East, al-Qaeda_
5. [City officials in Dubai, United Arab Emirates, announce that residents will receive free parking spots and free Salik tag as well as an exemption from RTA registration and renewal vehicle fees if they choose to swap their petrol engine vehicles for electric ones. ](/news/2017/09/24/city-officials-in-dubai-united-arab-emirates-announce-that-residents-will-receive-free-parking-spots-and-free-salik-tag-as-well-as-an-exem.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
6. [In an unconfirmed video, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant instructs its followers to go and fight in the Philippines instead of the Middle East. ](/news/2017/09/12/in-an-unconfirmed-video-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-instructs-its-followers-to-go-and-fight-in-the-philippines-instead-of-the.md) _Context: Middle East_
7. [A fire at the 79-story Dubai Torch Tower in the United Arab Emirates, which forced nighttime evacuations, was under control in a few hours with no serious injuries immediately reported. The building's exterior was still being renovated from a fire in February, 2015, which investigators had blamed, at least in part, to flammable siding, echoing the findings of this past June's Grenfell Tower fire in London. ](/news/2017/08/4/a-fire-at-the-79-story-dubai-torch-tower-in-the-united-arab-emirates-which-forced-nighttime-evacuations-was-under-control-in-a-few-hours-w.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
8. [Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt-bahrain-and-unite.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
9. [Human rights activists accuse forces led by Saudi Arabia and the UAE of kidnapping and torturing people during the Yemeni conflict. ](/news/2017/06/9/human-rights-activists-accuse-forces-led-by-saudi-arabia-and-the-uae-of-kidnapping-and-torturing-people-during-the-yemeni-conflict.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
10. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
