### [2013-04-18](/news/2013/04/18/index.md)

# Prominent Hillsborough disaster justice campaigner Anne Williams dies from cancer, having made her last public appearance at Anfield's recent 24th anniversary memorial. 

Tributes were paid today to one the leading lights in the family campaign to bring truth and justice for the victims and survivors of the Hillsborough disaster.


### Source:

1. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/sport/football/news-and-comment/hillsborough-jusitice-campaigner-anne-williams-dies-aged-60-8577862.html)

### Related:

1. [The academic Phil Scraton refuses an OBE granted to him by Elizabeth II in her 2017 New Year Honours list for his work on the Hillsborough disaster. Professor Scraton wrote ''Hillsborough: The Truth'', first published in 1990 and seen as the definitive account of the disaster. ](/news/2016/12/29/the-academic-phil-scraton-refuses-an-obe-granted-to-him-by-elizabeth-ii-in-her-2017-new-year-honours-list-for-his-work-on-the-hillsborough-d.md) _Context: Hillsborough disaster_
2. [An inquest into the Hillsborough Disaster in 1989 when 96 fans of Liverpool FC were killed finds the fans were illegally killed. ](/news/2016/04/26/an-inquest-into-the-hillsborough-disaster-in-1989-when-96-fans-of-liverpool-fc-were-killed-finds-the-fans-were-illegally-killed.md) _Context: Hillsborough disaster_
3. [The jury in the second inquest for the victims of the Hillsborough disaster reach their verdicts. These will be given at 11:00 BST tomorrow.](/news/2016/04/25/the-jury-in-the-second-inquest-for-the-victims-of-the-hillsborough-disaster-reach-their-verdicts-these-will-be-given-at-11-00-bst-tomorrow.md) _Context: Hillsborough disaster_
4. [U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron, at the upcoming Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C.,   will announce  a three-way deal with the United States and Euratom, the European Union nuclear agency, to turn nuclear waste into medical isotopes to help fight cancer. ](/news/2016/03/30/u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-at-the-upcoming-nuclear-security-summit-in-washington-d-c-will-announce-a-three-way-deal-with-the-u.md) _Context: cancer_
5. [The International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), the cancer agency of the World Health Organization (WHO), has evaluated the carcinogenicity of the consumption of red meat and processed meat. After thoroughly reviewing the accumulated scientific literature, a Working Group of 22 experts from 10 countries convened by the IARC Monographs Programme classified the consumption of red meat as probably carcinogenic to humans (Group 2A), based on limited evidence that the consumption of red meat causes cancer in humans and strong mechanistic evidence supporting a carcinogenic effect. This association was observed mainly for colorectal cancer, but associations were also seen for pancreatic cancer and prostate cancer. Processed meat was classified as carcinogenic to humans (Group 1), based on sufficient evidence in humans that the consumption of processed meat causes colorectal cancer. ](/news/2015/10/28/the-international-agency-for-research-on-cancer-iarc-the-cancer-agency-of-the-world-health-organization-who-has-evaluated-the-carcinog.md) _Context: cancer_
6. [Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter, aged 90, announces that recent liver surgery revealed that he is suffering from an as-yet unspecified form of cancer which has spread to other parts of his body. ](/news/2015/08/12/former-u-s-president-jimmy-carter-aged-90-announces-that-recent-liver-surgery-revealed-that-he-is-suffering-from-an-as-yet-unspecified-fo.md) _Context: cancer_
7. [Preventive medicine researchers from Harvard University and Northwestern University conduct a study on long-term (13 years; 793 people) pre-cancer changes (mostly leukemia, prostate cancer, lung cancers, and skin cancers) in telomeres, the protective ends of DNA. Some said, in previous short-look studies, that focused mostly on their known role in the pace of regular aging, that they either got shorter or longer. There was a 3-4 year period of accelerated aging, and then it halted a few years before cancer was diagnosed. ](/news/2015/05/3/preventive-medicine-researchers-from-harvard-university-and-northwestern-university-conduct-a-study-on-long-term-13-years-793-people-pre.md) _Context: cancer_
8. [The UK government launches an inquiry after the ''Liverpool Echo'' reported that Whitehall computers had been used to post offensive remarks about the Hillsborough disaster on Wikipedia pages relating to the topic. ](/news/2014/04/25/the-uk-government-launches-an-inquiry-after-the-liverpool-echo-reported-that-whitehall-computers-had-been-used-to-post-offensive-remarks.md) _Context: Hillsborough disaster_
9. [Research from the ''Science Translational Medicine'' suggest that Vitamin C may be useful in aiding chemotherapy against cancer. ](/news/2014/02/9/research-from-the-science-translational-medicine-suggest-that-vitamin-c-may-be-useful-in-aiding-chemotherapy-against-cancer.md) _Context: cancer_
10. [After a two-year research project conducted by scientists at the National Chemistry Institute of the Vietnam Academy of Science and Technology, Vietnam becomes the world's tenth country to successfully apply nanotechnology to produce nano curcumin, a substance that can help treat cancer. ](/news/2013/10/31/after-a-two-year-research-project-conducted-by-scientists-at-the-national-chemistry-institute-of-the-vietnam-academy-of-science-and-technolo.md) _Context: cancer_
