### [2005-09-14](/news/2005/09/14/index.md)

#  Following serious Loyalist rioting during which dozens of shots were fired at riot police, the Northern Ireland Secretary Peter Hain announced that the British government no longer recognized the Ulster Volunteer Force ceasefire.




### Related:

1. [Peter Hain reveals Nelson Mandela was "breathing fire" down a phone about Tony Blair's role in invading Iraq. ](/news/2010/09/13/peter-hain-reveals-nelson-mandela-was-breathing-fire-down-a-phone-about-tony-blair-s-role-in-invading-iraq.md) _Context: Peter Hain_
2. [ "Premiership of Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:": In a major Cabinet reshuffle, every person's post is changed, bar one.: Alistair Darling becomes Chancellor of the Exchequer, David Miliband becomes Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, and Jacqui Smith becomes the first female Secretary of State for the Home Department.: Alan Johnson takes Health, Jack Straw takes Justice and First Secretary of State, Hilary Benn takes Environment, Des Browne remains as Defence Secretary but also becomes Secretary of State for Scotland, and Ruth Kelly takes Transport.: Douglas Alexander takes Secretary of State for International Development; Peter Hain remains Secretary of State for Wales but also becomes Work and Pensions Secretary; Shaun Woodward becomes Northern Ireland Secretary; John Hutton takes Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform Secretary; Hazel Blears takes Communities Secretary and Minister for Equality; James Purnell takes Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families; and Tessa Jowell becomes Minister for the Olympics and will only attend Cabinet when required.: Baroness Ashton becomes Leader of the House of Lords; Harriet Harman&mdash;Labour's deputy leader&mdash;becomes Leader of the House of Commons and Minister for Women; whilst Ed Balls becomes Children, Schools and Families Secretary. John Denham becomes Innovation, University and Skills Secretary; and Baroness Scotland becomes the new Attorney General of England and Wales. The Cabinet is set to change. ](/news/2007/06/28/premiership-of-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-in-a-major-cabinet-reshuffle-every-person-s-post-is-changed-bar-one-alistair-darling-be.md) _Context: Peter Hain_
3. [ The Ulster Volunteer Force, a loyalist paramilitary group in Northern Ireland, renounces the use of force. ](/news/2007/05/3/the-ulster-volunteer-force-a-loyalist-paramilitary-group-in-northern-ireland-renounces-the-use-of-force.md) _Context: Ulster Volunteer Force_
4. [ Peter Hain, the Secretary of State for Northern Ireland criticizes "murky murders" associated with Vladimir Putin's regime in Russia following the poisoning of Alexander Litvinenko. ](/news/2006/11/26/peter-hain-the-secretary-of-state-for-northern-ireland-criticizes-murky-murders-associated-with-vladimir-putin-s-regime-in-russia-follow.md) _Context: Peter Hain_
5. [ International demands grow that the United States close "Guantanamo Bay prison camp". The European Parliament votes overwhelmingly for a resolution urging that the prison be closed and inmates given a fair trial. [http://www.theage.com.au/news/editorial/un-and-europe-are-right-guantanamo-must-close/2006/02/17/1140151810111.html (The Age)] UK Prime Minister Tony Blair calls Guantanamo an "anomaly" [http://www.guardian.co.uk/guantanamo/story/0,,1712066,00.html (Guardian)]. UN General Secretary Kofi Annan calls for the camp to be closed "as soon as possible" [http://www.thestar.com/NASApp/cs/ContentServer?pagename=thestar/Layout/Article_Type1&c=Article&pubid=968163964505&cid=1139871011305&col=968705899037&call_page=TS_News&call_pageid=968332188492&call_pagepath=News/News (Toronto Star)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/4722534.stm (BBC)]. Former Irish President and UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Mary Robinson urges the US to act on the findings of the UN report [http://www.rte.ie/news/2006/0217/guantanamo.html (RT)], while Northern Ireland Secretary of State Peter Hain also calls for its closure. [http://news.scotsman.com/international.cfm?id=251232006 (Scotsman)] This follows a United Nations report which calls for it to be closed.](/news/2006/02/17/international-demands-grow-that-the-united-states-close-guantanamo-bay-prison-camp-the-european-parliament-votes-overwhelmingly-for-a-re.md) _Context: Peter Hain_
