### [2005-09-14](/news/2005/09/14/index.md)

#  Robert Wise, film director, dies at the age of 91, at the UCLA Medical Center in Los Angeles.




### Related:

1. [Energy in California. An explosion at a Northridge power plant causes a widespread power outage in the San Fernando Valley, Los Angeles. ](/news/2017/07/8/energy-in-california-an-explosion-at-a-northridge-power-plant-causes-a-widespread-power-outage-in-the-san-fernando-valley-los-angeles.md) _Context: Los Angeles_
2. [Anti-Trump protests. Protests and riots against president-elect Donald Trump take place in Portland, Los Angeles, New York City, and Atlanta, leading to the arrests of over 225 people. ](/news/2016/11/11/anti-trump-protests-protests-and-riots-against-president-elect-donald-trump-take-place-in-portland-los-angeles-new-york-city-and-atlanta.md) _Context: Los Angeles_
3. [A gun battle that started when three armed men returned to a restaurant in Los Angeles, leaves 3 people dead and 12 others wounded. Police set up a dragnet for the suspects. ](/news/2016/10/15/a-gun-battle-that-started-when-three-armed-men-returned-to-a-restaurant-in-los-angeles-leaves-3-people-dead-and-12-others-wounded-police-s.md) _Context: Los Angeles_
4. [68th Primetime Emmy Awards. The 68th Primetime Emmy Awards is held at the Microsoft Theater in Los Angeles with "Game of Thrones" winning the Emmy Award for Outstanding Drama Series, "Veep" winning the Emmy Award for Outstanding Comedy Series and "The People v. O.J. Simpson: American Crime Story" winning the Emmy for Outstanding Limited Series. ](/news/2016/09/18/68th-primetime-emmy-awards-the-68th-primetime-emmy-awards-is-held-at-the-microsoft-theater-in-los-angeles-with-game-of-thrones-winning-th.md) _Context: Los Angeles_
5. [2016 California wildfires. The out-of-control Pilot Fire hits 7,500 acres of bone-dry tinder and brush in the San Bernardino Mountains east of Los Angeles. More than 5,000 homes are under evacuation orders. Authorities shut down school districts in the area. ](/news/2016/08/9/2016-california-wildfires-the-out-of-control-pilot-fire-hits-7-500-acres-of-bone-dry-tinder-and-brush-in-the-san-bernardino-mountains-east.md) _Context: Los Angeles_
6. [A seventeen-square mile fire continues to burn in Santa Clarita, California, near Los Angeles. ](/news/2016/07/23/a-seventeen-square-mile-fire-continues-to-burn-in-santa-clarita-california-near-los-angeles.md) _Context: Los Angeles_
7. [68th Primetime Emmy Awards. The nominees are announced in Los Angeles. "Game of Thrones", "Veep" and "The People v. O. J. Simpson: American Crime Story" lead in nominations. ](/news/2016/07/14/68th-primetime-emmy-awards-the-nominees-are-announced-in-los-angeles-game-of-thrones-veep-and-the-people-v-o-j-simpson-american.md) _Context: Los Angeles_
8. [2016 UCLA shooting. A second victim of the UCLA shooter is found in Minnesota; the shooter is identified as a former Ph.D. candidate in mechanical engineering that claimed his first victim had "cleverly stolen his code." ](/news/2016/06/2/2016-ucla-shooting-a-second-victim-of-the-ucla-shooter-is-found-in-minnesota-the-shooter-is-identified-as-a-former-ph-d-candidate-in-mech.md) _Context: UCLA_
9. [Los Angeles, California, police arrest a 21-year-old homeless man after five bodies of apparent transients are found in the wreckage of a vacant former medical building that burned down Monday night. Firefighters had been able to rescue three people. ](/news/2016/06/14/los-angeles-california-police-arrest-a-21-year-old-homeless-man-after-five-bodies-of-apparent-transients-are-found-in-the-wreckage-of-a-va.md) _Context: Los Angeles_
10. [The 58th Annual Grammy Awards are held at the Staples Centre in Los Angeles. ](/news/2016/02/15/the-58th-annual-grammy-awards-are-held-at-the-staples-centre-in-los-angeles.md) _Context: Los Angeles_
