### [2011-07-11](/news/2011/07/11/index.md)

# Pakistan jails a doctor who helped the US Central Intelligence Agency confirm that Osama bin Laden was living in Abbottabad. 

Pakistan holds doctor who tried to collect bin Laden DNA


### Source:

1. [McClatchy](http://www.mcclatchydc.com/2011/07/11/117445/pakistan-holds-doctor-who-tried.html)

### Related:

1. [It is reported that the U.S. government's Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) deployed a fake vaccine programme in Abbottabad ahead of its assassination of Osama bin Laden in an effort to obtain a DNA sample from his family. ](/news/2011/07/12/it-is-reported-that-the-u-s-government-s-central-intelligence-agency-cia-deployed-a-fake-vaccine-programme-in-abbottabad-ahead-of-its-ass.md) _Context: Abbottabad, Central Intelligence Agency, Osama bin Laden_
2. [Pakistan's Directorate for Inter-Services Intelligence has arrested Central Intelligence Agency informants who contributed to the raid on Osama bin Laden. ](/news/2011/06/14/pakistan-s-directorate-for-inter-services-intelligence-has-arrested-central-intelligence-agency-informants-who-contributed-to-the-raid-on-os.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, Osama bin Laden, Pakistan_
3. [Death of Osama bin Laden:President of the United States Barack Obama announces in a special TV broadcast that Osama bin Laden, the founder and leader of the militant Islamist group Al-Qaeda and the most-wanted fugitive on the FBI's Ten Most Wanted Fugitives, was killed on May 2 (Pakistan Standard Time) during an American military operation in Abbottabad, near Islamabad, Pakistan and that his body is in U.S. custody. ](/news/2011/05/1/death-of-osama-bin-laden-ppresident-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-in-a-special-tv-broadcast-that-osama-bin-laden-the-founder.md) _Context: Abbottabad, Osama bin Laden, Pakistan_
4. [ The United States government announces that fourteen suspected terrorists are to be transferred to the Guantanamo Bay detainment camp and admits that these suspects have been held in CIA black sites. These people include Khalid Sheik Mohammed, believed to be the No. 3 al-Qaida leader before he was captured in Pakistan in 2003; Ramzi Binalshibh, an alleged would-be 9/11 hijacker; and Abu Zubaydah, who was believed to be a link between Osama bin Laden and many al-Qaida cells before he was also captured in Pakistan in March 2002. ](/news/2006/09/6/the-united-states-government-announces-that-fourteen-suspected-terrorists-are-to-be-transferred-to-the-guantanamo-bay-detainment-camp-and-a.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, Osama bin Laden, Pakistan_
5. [In Peshawar, an unknown assailant shoots and kills Pakistani lawyer Samiullah Afridi, who had defended Dr. Shakil Afridi (in regards to assisting CIA agents hunt al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden), with two Pakistan militant groups, Jundullah and Jamaatul Ahrar, both claiming responsibility. ](/news/2015/03/17/in-peshawar-an-unknown-assailant-shoots-and-kills-pakistani-lawyer-samiullah-afridi-who-had-defended-dr-shakil-afridi-in-regards-to-assi.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, Pakistan_
6. [Pakistan orders foreign nationals working for the Save the Children NGO to leave the country within four weeks. The Pakistani government has accused the organization of being linked to the fake vaccination program used in the hunt for Osama bin Laden. The charity and the U.S. government deny any links. ](/news/2012/09/7/pakistan-orders-foreign-nationals-working-for-the-save-the-children-ngo-to-leave-the-country-within-four-weeks-the-pakistani-government-has.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, Pakistan_
7. [U.S. military drone attacks carried out by the CIA on Pakistan raise serious legal questions, announces United Nations human rights chief Navi Pillay at the end of a fact-finding visit to Pakistan. ](/news/2012/06/7/u-s-military-drone-attacks-carried-out-by-the-cia-on-pakistan-raise-serious-legal-questions-announces-united-nations-human-rights-chief-na.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, Pakistan_
8. [Shakil Afridi, a Pakistani physician who helped the CIA to track down Osama bin Laden by collecting DNA samples from residents of bin Laden's compound, is sentenced to 33 years' imprisonment for treason. ](/news/2012/05/23/shakil-afridi-a-pakistani-physician-who-helped-the-cia-to-track-down-osama-bin-laden-by-collecting-dna-samples-from-residents-of-bin-laden.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, Pakistan_
9. [U.S. President Barack Obama visits Afghanistan on an unannounced visit coinciding with the first anniversary of Osama Bin Laden's assassination by the U.S. Special Forces in Pakistan, signing an agreement with Afghan President Hamid Karzai outlining a continuing U.S. role in Afghanistan after 2014. ](/news/2012/05/1/u-s-president-barack-obama-visits-afghanistan-on-an-unannounced-visit-coinciding-with-the-first-anniversary-of-osama-bin-laden-s-assassinat.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, Pakistan_
10. [Former Al-Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden's wives and children are deported from Pakistan to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2012/04/27/former-al-qaeda-chief-osama-bin-laden-s-wives-and-children-are-deported-from-pakistan-to-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, Pakistan_
