### [2008-12-17](/news/2008/12/17/index.md)

#  Iraqi Parliament Speaker Mahmoud al-Mashhadani announces his resignation because of chaos over the treatment of Muntadhar al-Zaidi, the Al-Baghdadia TV journalist who threw his shoes at United States President George W. Bush. 

The Iraqi journalist who threw his shoes at President George W Bush has appeared before a judge from behind bars fuelling speculation he was beaten up after the incident.


### Source:

1. [Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/iraq/3813113/Fears-for-shoe-throwing-journalist-as-he-fails-to-appear-in-court.html)

### Related:

1. [ Al-Baghdadia TV journalist Muntadhar al Zaidi is subdued after throwing both his shoes at United States President George W. Bush during his farewell speech in Iraq. ](/news/2008/12/14/al-baghdadia-tv-journalist-muntadhar-al-zaidi-is-subdued-after-throwing-both-his-shoes-at-united-states-president-george-w-bush-during-his.md) _Context: Al-Baghdadia TV, George W. Bush, Iraq, Muntadhar al-Zaidi, United States, president, throws a shoe_
2. [ Iraqi journalist Muntadhar al-Zaidi is sentenced to three years in prison for throwing shoes at then-United States President George W. Bush. ](/news/2009/03/12/iraqi-journalist-muntadhar-al-zaidi-is-sentenced-to-three-years-in-prison-for-throwing-shoes-at-then-united-states-president-george-w-bush.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, Muntadhar al-Zaidi, United States, president, throws a shoe_
3. [ President George W. Bush approves 8,200 more United States troops for Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2007/03/10/president-george-w-bush-approves-8-200-more-united-states-troops-for-iraq-and-afghanistan.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, United States, president_
4. [Iraq-United States relations. The Iraqi Parliament votes in favour of a reciprocal travel ban on U.S. citizens if U.S. President Donald Trump's executive order barring citizens of Iraq and six other Muslim-majority countries is not reversed. The Iraqi travel ban will not be implemented while tens of thousands of U.S. soldiers and contractors are involved in the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2017/01/30/iraq-united-states-relations-the-iraqi-parliament-votes-in-favour-of-a-reciprocal-travel-ban-on-u-s-citizens-if-u-s-president-donald-tr.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Parliament, United States_
5. [Gulf Cooperation Council Summit. United States President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/gulf-cooperation-council-summit-united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-unit.md) _Context: Iraq, United States, president_
6. [U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph Dunford makes a proposal to President Barack Obama to increase the number of American troops in Iraq, so as to help the Iraqi Army with advisors closer to the front lines and to recapture Mosul, which fell to ISIL in June 2014. ](/news/2016/03/26/u-s-chairman-of-the-joint-chiefs-of-staff-joseph-dunford-makes-a-proposal-to-president-barack-obama-to-increase-the-number-of-american-troo.md) _Context: Iraq, United States, president_
7. [President of the United States Barack Obama delivers a televised Oval Office address to the United States commemorating the end of United States armed forces being directly involved in fighting in Iraq. ](/news/2010/08/31/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-delivers-a-televised-oval-office-address-to-the-united-states-commemorating-the-end-of-united-st.md) _Context: Iraq, United States, president_
8. [ Former United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld is accused of quoting the Bible while briefing then-President George W. Bush. ](/news/2009/05/18/former-united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-is-accused-of-quoting-the-bible-while-briefing-then-president-george-w-bush.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States, president_
9. [ U.S. President Barack Obama lifts George W. Bush's restrictions on embryonic stem cell research. ](/news/2009/03/9/u-s-president-barack-obama-lifts-george-w-bush-s-restrictions-on-embryonic-stem-cell-research.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States, president_
10. [ United States President Barack Obama will withdraw most soldiers from the Iraq War by August 2010. ](/news/2009/02/26/united-states-president-barack-obama-will-withdraw-most-soldiers-from-the-iraq-war-by-august-2010.md) _Context: Iraq, United States, president_
