### [2008-11-29](/news/2008/11/29/index.md)

#  2008 Thai political crisis: People's Alliance for Democracy protestors force the Royal Thai Police to abandon a checkpoint outside Suvarnabhumi Airport. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/rbssFinancialServicesAndRealEstateNews/idUSSP5775320081129)

### Related:

1. [ 2008 Thai political crisis:  The People's Alliance for Democracy claims to be in complete control of Suvarnabhumi Airport, Bangkok's international airport. [http://www.smh.com.au/news/travel/protesters-we-control-bangkok-airport/2008/11/26/1227491584334.html?page=fullpage#contentSwap1 (Sydney Morning Herald)] Thai authorities evacuate thousands of passengers from Suvarnabhumi Airport. [http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2008/11/26/2430615.htm (ABC News Australia)] Thai Prime Minister Somchai Wongsawat rejects calls for election. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/7750737.stm BBC News] adde](/news/2008/11/26/2008-thai-political-crisis-p-the-people-s-alliance-for-democracy-claims-to-be-in-complete-control-of-suvarnabhumi-airport-bangkok-s-inter.md) _Context: Suvarnabhumi Airport, assemble, yellow shirt_
2. [ 2008 Thai political crisis: The People's Alliance for Democracy leaves protesting at the Thai Government House and distributes protesters to Bangkok's two airports, Suvarnabhumi and Don Muang, for security reasons. ](/news/2008/12/1/2008-thai-political-crisis-p-the-people-s-alliance-for-democracy-leaves-protesting-at-the-thai-government-house-and-distributes-protesters.md) _Context: assemble, yellow shirt_
3. [ 2008 Thai political crisis: A grenade attack on a People's Alliance for Democracy rally in Bangkok injures at least 46 people. ](/news/2008/11/30/2008-thai-political-crisis-a-grenade-attack-on-a-people-s-alliance-for-democracy-rally-in-bangkok-injures-at-least-46-people.md) _Context: assemble, yellow shirt_
4. [ 2008 Thai political crisis:  About 10,000 protesters from the People's Alliance for Democracy surround Prime Minister Somchai Wongsawat's temporary office at Don Mueang International Airport in Bangkok, Thailand. ](/news/2008/11/25/2008-thai-political-crisis-p-about-10-000-protesters-from-the-people-s-alliance-for-democracy-surround-prime-minister-somchai-wongsawat-s.md) _Context: assemble, yellow shirt_
5. [ 2008 Thai political crisis: The anti-government protester group were injured as police attacked barricades outside Thailand's parliament in Bangkok injuring over 400 people, 2 found dead. ](/news/2008/10/7/2008-thai-political-crisis-the-anti-government-protester-group-were-injured-as-police-attacked-barricades-outside-thailand-s-parliament-in.md) _Context: assemble, yellow shirt_
6. [ 2008 Thai political crisis: Thai Prime Minister Samak Sundaravej declares a state of emergency in Bangkok after clashes between groups of pro- and anti-government protesters resulted in one death and 43 injuries. ](/news/2008/09/2/2008-thai-political-crisis-p-thai-prime-minister-samak-sundaravej-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-bangkok-after-clashes-between-groups-of.md) _Context: assemble, yellow shirt_
7. [Severe clear-air turbulence on an Aeroflot flight from Sheremetyevo International Airport, Moscow to Suvarnabhumi Airport, Bangkok, subjects 27 passengers to injuries including bone fractures. ](/news/2017/05/1/severe-clear-air-turbulence-on-an-aeroflot-flight-from-sheremetyevo-international-airport-moscow-to-suvarnabhumi-airport-bangkok-subjects.md) _Context: Suvarnabhumi Airport_
8. [Thai police raid the Dhammakaya Buddhist temple, north of Bangkok, to arrest Abbot Phra Dhammachayo, who is accused of conspiring to launder money by accepting stolen cash from a credit union. His followers deny the allegations and claim the charges are politically motivated. ](/news/2016/06/16/thai-police-raid-the-dhammakaya-buddhist-temple-north-of-bangkok-to-arrest-abbot-phra-dhammachayo-who-is-accused-of-conspiring-to-launder.md) _Context: Thai police_
9. [Royal Thai Police use tear gas against thousands of protesters calling for the overthrow of the Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra, in Bangkok, Thailand. At least 61 people are injured. ](/news/2012/11/24/royal-thai-police-use-tear-gas-against-thousands-of-protesters-calling-for-the-overthrow-of-the-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-in-bang.md) _Context: Thai police_
10. [Vorayuth Yoovidhya, the grandson of a creator of Red Bull, is arrested in Bangkok after an early morning hit-and-run that killed a police officer. ](/news/2012/09/3/vorayuth-yoovidhya-the-grandson-of-a-creator-of-red-bull-is-arrested-in-bangkok-after-an-early-morning-hit-and-run-that-killed-a-police-of.md) _Context: Thai police_
