### [2013-01-2](/news/2013/01/2/index.md)

# 2012 Central African Republic rebellion:. Rebels halt their advance towards the capital Bangui and agree to peace talks. 

Rebels in Central African Republic said they had halted their advance on the capital on Wednesday and agreed to start peace talks, averting a clash with regionally backed troops in the mineral-rich nation.


### Source:

1. [Deutsche Welle](http://www.voanews.com/content/central-african-republic-bozize-fires-defense-minister-army-chief/1576693.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/01/02/us-car-rebels-talks-idUSBRE90105C20130102)

### Related:

1. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:. Central African Republic leader Francois Bozize promises a national unity government, as rebels advance to within 75 km of the capital Bangui. ](/news/2012/12/30/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-central-african-republic-leader-franassois-boziza-c-promises-a-national-unity-government-as-rebels.md) _Context: 2012 Central African Republic rebellion, Bangui's_
2. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:. The president of the Central African Republic, Francois Bozize, asks for international assistance as rebels advance on the capital Bangui. ](/news/2012/12/27/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-the-president-of-the-central-african-republic-franassois-boziza-c-asks-for-international-assistanc.md) _Context: 2012 Central African Republic rebellion, Bangui's_
3. [2012 Central African Republic rebellion:. The Seleka rebel coalition captures Kaga-Bandoro, the fourth major city to fall since the return to hostilities on December 10. Meanwhile, President Francois Bozize meets with military advisors in the capital Bangui. ](/news/2012/12/25/2012-central-african-republic-rebellion-the-seleka-rebel-coalition-captures-kaga-bandoro-the-fourth-major-city-to-fall-since-the-return-t.md) _Context: 2012 Central African Republic rebellion, Bangui's_
4. [Central African Republic constitutional referendum, 2015. While voters in Central African Republic cast their ballots in a constitutional referendum aimed at ending years of sectarian strife, clashes erupt in the capital Bangui's PK5 Muslim neighborhood, killing at least two and injuring over 20. PK5 residents, visited by Pope Francis two weeks ago, marched to the U.N. headquarters in the country to complain they were unable to cast their ballots. The proposed constitution would limit a president to two terms, add an upper house to go along with the National Assembly, and fight institutional corruption. ](/news/2015/12/13/central-african-republic-constitutional-referendum-2015-while-voters-in-central-african-republic-cast-their-ballots-in-a-constitutional-re.md) _Context: Bangui's_
5. [Pope Francis' 2015 visit to Africa. Pope Francis travels to a besieged Muslim neighborhood known as PK5 in the Central African Republic, a country wracked by sectarian violence. This visit is part of Francis's message of peace and reconciliation. As a result of the violence over the last two years, most of the capital Bangui's 100,000-plus Muslims have fled; now only 15,000 remain. ](/news/2015/11/30/pope-francis-2015-visit-to-africa-pope-francis-travels-to-a-besieged-muslim-neighborhood-known-as-pk5-in-the-central-african-republic-a-c.md) _Context: Bangui's_
6. [All 500 of the prisoners escape from the Ngaraba jail in Bangui, the capital of the Central African Republic. ](/news/2015/09/29/all-500-of-the-prisoners-escape-from-the-ngaraba-jail-in-bangui-the-capital-of-the-central-african-republic.md) _Context: Bangui's_
7. [Central African Republic Civil War (2012-present). Clashes between Christians and Muslims in the capital Bangui leave at least 21 people dead and over 100 injured. ](/news/2015/09/27/central-african-republic-civil-war-2012-present-clashes-between-christians-and-muslims-in-the-capital-bangui-leave-at-least-21-people-dea.md) _Context: Bangui's_
8. [Civil war in the Central African Republic. A Rwandan soldier attached to MINUSCA goes on a shooting spree in Bangui, killing four fellow UN peacekeepers and injuring another eight before turning the gun on himself. ](/news/2015/08/8/civil-war-in-the-central-african-republic-a-rwandan-soldier-attached-to-minusca-goes-on-a-shooting-spree-in-bangui-killing-four-fellow-un.md) _Context: Bangui's_
9. [At least 11 people are killed in an attack on a church by the Slka militia group in the city of Bangui in the Central African Republic. ](/news/2014/05/28/at-least-11-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-on-a-church-by-the-seleka-militia-group-in-the-city-of-bangui-in-the-central-african-republic.md) _Context: Bangui's_
10. [A mass grave of Christians is discovered in a neighborhood in Bangui, Central African Republic, formerly occupied by the Muslim Seleka rebels. ](/news/2014/02/15/a-mass-grave-of-christians-is-discovered-in-a-neighborhood-in-bangui-central-african-republic-formerly-occupied-by-the-muslim-seleka-rebel.md) _Context: Bangui's_
