### [2013-01-2](/news/2013/01/2/index.md)

# American football linebacker Ray Lewis announces he will retire at the end of the 2012 NFL season. 

Baltimore Ravens linebacker Ray Lewis said Wednesday he plans to retire as the end of this season.


### Source:

1. [ESPN](http://espn.go.com/nfl/story/_/id/8803174/ray-lewis-baltimore-ravens-says-retiring-season)

### Related:

1. [According to a report in ''Sports Illustrated'', Baltimore Ravens linebacker Ray Lewis used the supplement deer-antler spray (containing a dilute solution of IGF-1 which has been banned by the NFL) to aid his recovery from a torn triceps. Lewis has denied using the substance. The report also alleges that members of the Alabama Crimson Tide used the substance before the 2012 BCS National Championship Game against the LSU Tigers. ](/news/2013/01/29/according-to-a-report-in-sports-illustrated-baltimore-ravens-linebacker-ray-lewis-used-the-supplement-deer-antler-spray-containing-a-d.md) _Context: Ray Lewis, linebacker_
2. [Jovan Belcher, a linebacker for the Kansas City Chiefs American football team kills himself at Arrowhead Stadium in Kansas City, Missouri, USA, after reportedly killing his girlfriend. ](/news/2012/12/1/jovan-belcher-a-linebacker-for-the-kansas-city-chiefs-american-football-team-kills-himself-at-arrowhead-stadium-in-kansas-city-missouri-u.md) _Context: American football, linebacker_
3. [2016 NCAA Division I FBS football season (American football) Lamar Jackson of the Louisville Cardinals wins the Heisman Trophy. At 19, Jackson is the youngest ever winner of the Trophy. ](/news/2016/12/10/2016-ncaa-division-i-fbs-football-season-american-football-p-lamar-jackson-of-the-louisville-cardinals-wins-the-heisman-trophy-at-19-jack.md) _Context: American football_
4. [In American football, a United States appeals court has denied New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady's appeal for his role in the Deflategate controversy. ](/news/2016/07/13/in-american-football-a-united-states-appeals-court-has-denied-new-england-patriots-quarterback-tom-brady-s-appeal-for-his-role-in-the-defla.md) _Context: American football_
5. [In American football, Twitter wins the bidding contest over Amazon, Verizon, and others, for streaming rights to 10 of 16 National Football League (NFL) regular season ''Thursday Night Football Games'', ones that will also be telecast by either CBS or NBC. The league streamed one game last year with Yahoo!. Verizon, meanwhile, already owns the mobile rights to all NFL games which are available to subscribers via a mobile app; the 10 NFL games on Twitter will be free. ](/news/2016/04/5/in-american-football-twitter-wins-the-bidding-contest-over-amazon-verizon-and-others-for-streaming-rights-to-10-of-16-national-football.md) _Context: American football_
6. [In American football, the National Football League starts its draft for the 2016 NFL season with the Los Angeles Rams choosing Jared Goff with the first pick. ](/news/2016/04/28/in-american-football-the-national-football-league-starts-its-draft-for-the-2016-nfl-season-with-the-los-angeles-rams-choosing-jared-goff-wi.md) _Context: American football_
7. [American football quarterback Peyton Manning retires after eighteen seasons in the National Football League with two Super Bowl championships, five MVP awards, and single-season and career league records for most passing yards and touchdown passes. ](/news/2016/03/7/american-football-quarterback-peyton-manning-retires-after-eighteen-seasons-in-the-national-football-league-with-two-super-bowl-championship.md) _Context: American football_
8. [The National Football League's top health and safety official acknowledges a link between American football and chronic traumatic encephalopathy. ](/news/2016/03/14/the-national-football-league-s-top-health-and-safety-official-acknowledges-a-link-between-american-football-and-chronic-traumatic-encephalop.md) _Context: American football_
9. [In American football, the Denver Broncos defeat the Carolina Panthers 24-10 in Super Bowl 50. Broncos outside linebacker Von Miller is named as the game's Most Valuable Player.  ](/news/2016/02/7/in-american-football-the-denver-broncos-defeat-the-carolina-panthers-24a10-in-super-bowl-50-broncos-outside-linebacker-von-miller-is-nam.md) _Context: American football_
10. [In American football, the Alabama Crimson Tide defeat the Clemson Tigers 45-40 to win the College Football Playoff National Championship. ](/news/2016/01/11/in-american-football-the-alabama-crimson-tide-defeat-the-clemson-tigers-45-40-to-win-the-college-football-playoff-national-championship.md) _Context: American football_
