### [2013-01-2](/news/2013/01/2/index.md)

# The Presidential Commission on Good Government, the agency tasked to recover the ill-gotten wealth taken during the dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos has submitted plans to President Benigno Aquino III to end its operations after 27 years. 

THE PRESIDENTIAL Commission on Good Government (PCGG)-- which is tasked to pursue alleged ill-gotten wealth of the Marcoses -- has submitted a draft bill to the Palace seeking to transfer its functions to the Justice and Finance departments as it prepares to end its three-decade existence.


### Source:

1. [Business World](http://www.bworldonline.com/content.php?section=Nation&title=PCGG-submits-exit-proposal-to-Malaca%C3%B1ang&id=63679)
2. [Rappler](http://www.rappler.com/nation/18920-govt-set-to-quit-marcos-wealth-chase)

### Related:

1. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines has junked all petitions against the burial of former President of the Philippines Ferdinand Marcos at the Libingan ng mga Bayani, re-affirming its earlier ruling on 8 November 2016. ](/news/2017/08/8/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-has-junked-all-petitions-against-the-burial-of-former-president-of-the-philippines-ferdinand-marcos-at.md) _Context: Ferdinand Marcos_
2. [Aftermath of the Former President of the Philippines Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III is indicted (among others) by the Office of the Ombudsman for his failure in handling the 2015 Mamasapano clash, which resulted in the deaths of 44 members of the Special Action Forces of the Philippine National Police. Aquino's legal team has vowed to appeal for a motion for reconsideration; as well as the group Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption (representing the victims' families), against what they call a "weak case" (citing Aquino's charges of "graft" & "usurpation of authority", instead of "reckless imprudence resulting in multiple homicide") ](/news/2017/07/14/aftermath-of-the-former-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-noynoy-aquino-iii-is-indicted-among-others-by-the-office-of-the-ombudsman-f.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III_
3. [The Philippines top historian resigns to protest President Rodrigo Duterte's decision to allow the burial of Ferdinand Marcos in the Heroes' Cemetery at Fort Bonifacio in Manila. ](/news/2016/11/29/the-philippines-top-historian-resigns-to-protest-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-decision-to-allow-the-burial-of-ferdinand-marcos-in-the-heroes.md) _Context: Ferdinand Marcos_
4. [The Philippine Supreme Court postpones the burial of former Philippines dictator Ferdinand Marcos until at least October 18. ](/news/2016/09/8/the-philippine-supreme-court-postpones-the-burial-of-former-philippines-dictator-ferdinand-marcos-until-at-least-october-18.md) _Context: Ferdinand Marcos_
5. [The Duterte administration defends its decision to bury the former dictator Ferdinand Marcos in the Philippine heroes' cemetery. ](/news/2016/09/7/the-duterte-administration-defends-its-decision-to-bury-the-former-dictator-ferdinand-marcos-in-the-philippine-heroes-cemetery.md) _Context: Ferdinand Marcos_
6. [Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte accuses the Liberal Party of former president Benigno Aquino III and their allies of orchestrating an impeachment complaint against him regarding his anti-drug campaign. ](/news/2016/09/13/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-accuses-the-liberal-party-of-former-president-benigno-aquino-iii-and-their-allies-of-orchestrating-an-i.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III_
7. [Female victims of the martial law dictatorship of Ferdinand Marcos speak at the Philippine Supreme Court about how they endured torture during Marcos' regime. ](/news/2016/09/1/female-victims-of-the-martial-law-dictatorship-of-ferdinand-marcos-speak-at-the-philippine-supreme-court-about-how-they-endured-torture-duri.md) _Context: Ferdinand Marcos_
8. [The Philippine Defense ministry prepares for the burial of former President Ferdinand Marcos in the Heroes' Cemetery. ](/news/2016/08/8/the-philippine-defense-ministry-prepares-for-the-burial-of-former-president-ferdinand-marcos-in-the-heroes-cemetery.md) _Context: Ferdinand Marcos_
9. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte fires thousands of former president Benigno Aquino III appointees from the government. ](/news/2016/08/22/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-fires-thousands-of-former-president-benigno-aquino-iii-appointees-from-the-government.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III_
10. [''Philippines v. China''On his final day as President of the Philippines, Benigno Aquino III says he was right when he sued China over the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/06/29/philippines-v-china-pon-his-final-day-as-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-aquino-iii-says-he-was-right-when-he-sued-china-over-the.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III_
