### [2013-01-2](/news/2013/01/2/index.md)

# War in North-West Pakistan:. An airstrike kills Maulvi Nazir, leader of the Pakistani Taliban along with five others in Angoor Ada near the capital of Wana, South Waziristan. 

Senior Pakistani militant leader Mullah Nazir is killed by a US drone strike in the tribal area of north-western Pakistan, local security officials say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-20896755)

### Related:

1. [War in North-West Pakistan:. 5 Taliban militants are killed in bomb attack in South Waziristan. ](/news/2013/08/22/war-in-north-west-pakistan-5-taliban-militants-are-killed-in-bomb-attack-in-south-waziristan.md) _Context: South Waziristan, Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, War in North-West Pakistan_
2. [War in North-West Pakistan:. A United States drone attack kills at least five people in the Pakistani city of Wana, located in the South Waziristan Agency. ](/news/2013/04/17/war-in-north-west-pakistan-a-united-states-drone-attack-kills-at-least-five-people-in-the-pakistani-city-of-wana-located-in-the-south-waz.md) _Context: South Waziristan, Wana, War in North-West Pakistan_
3. [War in North-West Pakistan. Gunmen raid a Pakistani military post near the border with Afghanistan, killing at least eight people. Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, a faction of Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, claim responsibility. ](/news/2017/03/17/war-in-north-west-pakistan-gunmen-raid-a-pakistani-military-post-near-the-border-with-afghanistan-killing-at-least-eight-people-jamaat-ul.md) _Context: Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, War in North-West Pakistan_
4. [War in North-West Pakistan. Pakistani Taliban militants, in two attacks, kill seven police officers who were guarding medical workers administering polio vaccinations in Karachi. ](/news/2016/04/20/war-in-north-west-pakistan-pakistani-taliban-militants-in-two-attacks-kill-seven-police-officers-who-were-guarding-medical-workers-admini.md) _Context: Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, War in North-West Pakistan_
5. [War in North-West Pakistan. A Taliban suicide bomber hits a court complex in the town of Shabqadar killing at least 13 people and injuring 36. Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, a Pakistani Taliban faction, says the attack is retaliation for Mumtaz Qadri's execution last week. ](/news/2016/03/7/war-in-north-west-pakistan-a-taliban-suicide-bomber-hits-a-court-complex-in-the-town-of-shabqadar-killing-at-least-13-people-and-injuring-3.md) _Context: Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, War in North-West Pakistan_
6. [War in North-West Pakistan. A suicide-bomb attack outside the regional office of the National Database and Registration Authority (NADRA) in the northwestern Pakistani city of Mardan, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, leaves at least 26 people dead and 45 wounded. The militant Islamist group Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, a Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan splinter group, claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2015/12/29/war-in-north-west-pakistan-a-suicide-bomb-attack-outside-the-regional-office-of-the-national-database-and-registration-authority-nadra-in.md) _Context: Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, War in North-West Pakistan_
7. [War in North-West Pakistan. Pakistan says seven of its soldiers have been killed in the South Waziristan tribal region by fire from across the border with Afghanistan. The soldiers belonged to the Frontier Corps; the attack targeted a checkpoint northeast of the border village of Angoor Adda. ](/news/2015/10/27/war-in-north-west-pakistan-pakistan-says-seven-of-its-soldiers-have-been-killed-in-the-south-waziristan-tribal-region-by-fire-from-across-t.md) _Context: South Waziristan, War in North-West Pakistan_
8. [War in North-West Pakistan. The Pakistan Army claims to have killed 80 Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan fighters in fighting in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa in recent days while the Taliban claims to have killed at least six soldiers. ](/news/2015/03/22/war-in-north-west-pakistan-the-pakistan-army-claims-to-have-killed-80-tehrik-i-taliban-pakistan-fighters-in-fighting-in-khyber-pakhtunkhwa.md) _Context: Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, War in North-West Pakistan_
9. [War in North-West Pakistan. Pakistan announces the arrest of twelve Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan in relation to their alleged involvement in last year's school massacre. ](/news/2015/02/13/war-in-north-west-pakistan-pakistan-announces-the-arrest-of-twelve-tehrik-i-taliban-pakistan-in-relation-to-their-alleged-involvement-in-la.md) _Context: Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, War in North-West Pakistan_
10. [War in North-West Pakistan. The Pakistan Armed Forces attacks two Pakistani Taliban positions near Peshawar, killing 5 militants. ](/news/2014/12/20/war-in-north-west-pakistan-the-pakistan-armed-forces-attacks-two-pakistani-taliban-positions-near-peshawar-killing-5-militants.md) _Context: Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, War in North-West Pakistan_
