### [2014-11-29](/news/2014/11/29/index.md)

# Chinese police apprehend and execute eleven Uyghur terrorists following an attack with 15 killed and 14 injured in Yarkant County, China. 

Fifteen people have been killed and 14 others wounded in a &quot;terrorist attack&quot; in China&#x27;s mostly Muslim Xinjiang region, the official Chinese news agency said Saturday. Eleven &quot;terrorists&quot; were also shot dead during the violence, according to CCTV, China&#x27;s state broadcaster


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/fifteen-killed-terrorist-attack-chinas-xinjiang-state-media-100747830.html)

### Related:

1. [The United States State Department criticizes Thailand for deporting ethnic Uyghur back to China. The predominantly Uyghur Xinjiang province is the site of an ongoing political and religious crackdown in response to a wave of Muslim terrorist attacks in China. ](/news/2015/07/10/the-united-states-state-department-criticizes-thailand-for-deporting-ethnic-uyghur-back-to-china-the-predominantly-uyghur-xinjiang-province.md) _Context: China, Uyghur, Xinjiang_
2. [Chinese security forces have killed 28 members of a supposed terrorist group in the mainly ethnic Uyghur Xinjiang region. ](/news/2015/11/20/chinese-security-forces-have-killed-28-members-of-a-supposed-terrorist-group-in-the-mainly-ethnic-uyghur-xinjiang-region.md) _Context: China, Xinjiang_
3. [ Four Chinese Uighurs from the Guantanamo Bay detention camp are resettled in Bermuda. ](/news/2009/06/11/four-chinese-uighurs-from-the-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-are-resettled-in-bermuda.md) _Context: China, Uyghur_
4. [ Palau agrees to accept up to 17 Chinese Uighurs from Guantanamo Bay detention camp. ](/news/2009/06/10/palau-agrees-to-accept-up-to-17-chinese-uighurs-from-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp.md) _Context: China, Uyghur_
5. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: China_
6. [A Chinese state company signs an order with Airbus for 100 A320 and 40 A350 airplanes. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-chinese-state-company-signs-an-order-with-airbus-for-100-a320-and-40-a350-airplanes.md) _Context: China_
7. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: China_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: China_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: China_
10. [Amid a stand-off between India and China over the disputed territory of Doklam which is claimed by Bhutan, the Indian National Congress denies the meeting of Rahul Gandhi with the Chinese ambassador to India. ](/news/2017/07/10/amid-a-stand-off-between-india-and-china-over-the-disputed-territory-of-doklam-which-is-claimed-by-bhutan-the-indian-national-congress-deni.md) _Context: China_
