### [2010-01-27](/news/2010/01/27/index.md)

# New Zealanders, Britons, Chinese and Irish tourists are among the thousands trapped after mudslides in the Incan capital Machu Picchu. 

The Department of Foreign Affairs says at least nine Irish people are believed to be among the 2,000 people stranded in Peru in the Machu Picchu region.


### Source:

1. [China Daily](http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/china/2010-01/27/content_9387812.htm)
2. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2010/0127/peru.html)
3. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/World-News/Machu-Picchu-Inca-Ruins-Peru-Landslides-Trap-Tourists-At-Inca-Citadel-Attraction-After-Heavy-Rain/Article/201001415535937?lpos=World_News_First_Home_Article_Teaser_Region_0&lid=ARTICLE_15535937_Machu_Picchu_Inca_Ruins%2C_Peru%3A_Landslides_Trap_Tourists_At_Inca_Citadel_Attraction_After_Heavy_Rain)
4. [The New Zealand Herald](http://www.nzherald.co.nz/nz/news/article.cfm?c_id=1&objectid=10622739)
5. [The Times](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/us_and_americas/article7004836.ece)
5. [Cover Image](https://img.rasset.ie/0002f43a-1600.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ A report by the media watchdog group Reporters Without Borders (RSF) ranks press freedom across the world. The ten lowest scoring countries (least free) in the report were North Korea, Cuba, Myanmar, Turkmenistan, Eritrea, the People's Republic of China, Vietnam, Nepal, Saudi Arabia, and Iran, while the ten highest were Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Ireland, the Netherlands, Norway, Slovakia, Switzerland, New Zealand, and Latvia. ](/news/2004/10/26/a-report-by-the-media-watchdog-group-reporters-without-borders-rsf-ranks-press-freedom-across-the-world-the-ten-lowest-scoring-countries.md) _Context: China, New Zealand, Republic of Ireland_
2. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, United Kingdom_
3. [Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-ki.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, United Kingdom_
4. [The European Union formally grants Georgian citizens visa-free travel to its member states, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom. The signed documents will be published on March 8, and officially enter into force on March 28. ](/news/2017/03/1/the-european-union-formally-grants-georgian-citizens-visa-free-travel-to-its-member-states-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-kin.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, United Kingdom_
5. [AMC Theatres is purchasing London-based Odeon & UCI Cinemas Group in a deal valued at about GBP921 million ($1.21 billion). AMC has 385 theaters with 5,380 screens, most in the United States. Odeon & UCI has 242 theaters and 2,236 screens in the U.K. and Ireland. AMC noted its $1.1 billion (GBP835 million) acquisition of Columbus, Georgia's Carmike Cinemas (276 thrs/2,954 scrs) is still in the works. ](/news/2016/07/12/amc-theatres-is-purchasing-london-based-odeon-uci-cinemas-group-in-a-deal-valued-at-about-agbp921-million-1-21-billion-amc-has-385-the.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, United Kingdom_
6. [Storm Frank hits the United Kingdom and Ireland, contributing to the 2015 Great Britain and Ireland floods following previous heavy rainfall. ](/news/2015/12/30/storm-frank-hits-the-united-kingdom-and-ireland-contributing-to-the-2015-great-britain-and-ireland-floods-following-previous-heavy-rainfall.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, United Kingdom_
7. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood. ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: New Zealand, United Kingdom_
8. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: New Zealand, United Kingdom_
9. [The Italian Coast Guard states that at least 17 people have died and 4,200 have been rescued in the Mediterranean Sea attempting to travel to Europe in the past 24 hours. Ships from nations including Italy, Republic of Ireland, Germany, Belgium and the United Kingdom have been involved in rescue efforts. ](/news/2015/05/30/the-italian-coast-guard-states-that-at-least-17-people-have-died-and-4-200-have-been-rescued-in-the-mediterranean-sea-attempting-to-travel-t.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, United Kingdom_
10. [Telecommunications giant BT expands its investment in sports broadcasting with the purchase of ESPN's channels in Britain and Ireland. ](/news/2013/02/25/telecommunications-giant-bt-expands-its-investment-in-sports-broadcasting-with-the-purchase-of-espn-s-channels-in-britain-and-ireland.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland, United Kingdom_
