### [2010-01-27](/news/2010/01/27/index.md)

# The Secretary of the Treasury of the U.S., Timothy Geithner, appears before a committee of the United States House of Representatives to discuss his actions in 2008, when he was the President of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, in the rescue of troubled insurance industry giant AIG. 

In questioning, Treasury Secretary Timothy F. Geithner said the A.I.G. bailout helped prevent a depression.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2010/01/28/business/28aig.html)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. House of Representatives, defying a veto-threat by President Barack Obama, overwhelmingly passes legislation to suspend the Obama administration's program to admit 10,000 Syrian and Iraqi refugees into the country. The bill will now face a vote in the U.S. Senate. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-defying-a-veto-threat-by-president-barack-obama-overwhelmingly-passes-legislation-to-suspend-the-obama-a.md) _Context: United States, United States House of Representatives_
2. [Following an unexpected primary loss to Dave Brat, United States House Representative Eric Cantor announces his intent to step down from his office as House Majority Leader. ](/news/2014/06/11/following-an-unexpected-primary-loss-to-dave-brat-united-states-house-representative-eric-cantor-announces-his-intent-to-step-down-from-his.md) _Context: United States, United States House of Representatives_
3. [AIG announces that it will not join a lawsuit against the U.S. government over the 2008 bailout. ](/news/2013/01/9/aig-announces-that-it-will-not-join-a-lawsuit-against-the-u-s-government-over-the-2008-bailout.md) _Context: AIG, United States_
4. [Timothy Geithner, the United States Secretary of the Treasury, says that President Barack Obama will not invoke the United States Constitution to raise the debt ceiling unilaterally. The idea has been under consideration due to the 14th amendment requiring that "the validity of the public debt of the United States [...] shall not be questioned." ](/news/2011/07/24/timothy-geithner-the-united-states-secretary-of-the-treasury-says-that-president-barack-obama-will-not-invoke-the-united-states-constituti.md) _Context: Secretary of the Treasury, Timothy Geithner_
5. [The U.S. Secretary of the Treasury, Timothy Geithner, says at a meeting in Nanjing, China that the "most important problem" in the world's monetary system is that some countries refuse to allow the free flow of the value of their currency. ](/news/2011/03/31/the-u-s-secretary-of-the-treasury-timothy-geithner-says-at-a-meeting-in-nanjing-china-that-the-most-important-problem-in-the-world-s-m.md) _Context: Secretary of the Treasury, Timothy Geithner_
6. [A shooting rampage takes place at a supermarket in Tucson in the U.S. state of Arizona. Twenty are shot, including U.S. Representative Gabrielle Giffords. Six others are confirmed dead, including District Court judge John Roll. ](/news/2011/01/8/a-shooting-rampage-takes-place-at-a-supermarket-in-tucson-in-the-u-s-state-of-arizona-twenty-are-shot-including-u-s-representative-gabri.md) _Context: United States, United States House of Representatives_
7. [United States Representative Gabrielle Giffords leaves hospital in Tucson, Arizona for rehabilitation in Houston, Texas less than two weeks after the 2011 Tucson shooting. ](/news/2011/01/21/united-states-representative-gabrielle-giffords-leaves-hospital-in-tucson-arizona-for-rehabilitation-in-houston-texas-less-than-two-weeks.md) _Context: United States, United States House of Representatives_
8. [A United States Federal grand jury indicts Jared Lee Loughner for attempted murder of Arizona Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords and two of her aides with further charges pending. ](/news/2011/01/19/a-united-states-federal-grand-jury-indicts-jared-lee-loughner-for-attempted-murder-of-arizona-congresswoman-gabrielle-giffords-and-two-of-he.md) _Context: United States, United States House of Representatives_
9. [In the United States House of Representatives, Republicans introduce Resolution 1553, which expresses United States support for Israeli use of any necessary military force to eliminate any threat it believes Iran poses. ](/news/2010/07/24/in-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-republicans-introduce-resolution-1553-which-expresses-united-states-support-for-israeli-use.md) _Context: United States, United States House of Representatives_
10. [United States health care reform: The United States House of Representatives passes the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010. ](/news/2010/03/22/united-states-health-care-reform-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-passes-the-health-care-and-education-reconciliation-act-of-2010.md) _Context: United States, United States House of Representatives_
