### [2001-01-6](/news/2001/01/6/index.md)

#  The United States Congress, presided over by Vice President Al Gore as President of the Senate, certifies George Walker Bush's Electoral College victory and thus as the winner of the U.S. presidential election.




### Related:

1. [ Former US Vice President Al Gore blasts President George W. Bush's policy of spying on American citizen conversations with suspected overseas terrorists, saying President Bush "repeatedly and persistently" broke the law in connection with the NSA warrantless surveillance controversy, says the United States Constitution is in danger. ](/news/2006/01/16/former-us-vice-president-al-gore-blasts-president-george-w-bush-s-policy-of-spying-on-american-citizen-conversations-with-suspected-overse.md) _Context: Al Gore, George W. Bush, U.S. Vice President_
2. [Former Vice President of the United States Al Gore is cleared of claims that he assaulted a masseuse in Portland, Oregon in 2006. ](/news/2010/07/30/former-vice-president-of-the-united-states-al-gore-is-cleared-of-claims-that-he-assaulted-a-masseuse-in-portland-oregon-in-2006.md) _Context: Al Gore, U.S. Vice President_
3. [Former Vice President of the United States Al Gore and his wife Tipper announce their separation. ](/news/2010/06/1/former-vice-president-of-the-united-states-al-gore-and-his-wife-tipper-announce-their-separation.md) _Context: Al Gore, U.S. Vice President_
4. [ Head of the CIA Leon Panetta accuses former United States Vice President Dick Cheney of hiding an intelligence program from Congress. ](/news/2009/07/12/head-of-the-cia-leon-panetta-accuses-former-united-states-vice-president-dick-cheney-of-hiding-an-intelligence-program-from-congress.md) _Context: U.S. Vice President, United States Congress_
5. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush calls on the United States Congress to approve a $US700 million food aid package to help relieve the 2007-2008 world food price crisis. ](/news/2008/05/1/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-calls-on-the-united-states-congress-to-approve-a-us700-million-food-aid-package-to-help.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States Congress_
6. [ The United States Congress approves a $168 billion economic stimulus package and sends it to President George W. Bush for his approval. ](/news/2008/02/7/the-united-states-congress-approves-a-168-billion-economic-stimulus-package-and-sends-it-to-president-george-w-bush-for-his-approval.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States Congress_
7. [ The United States Congress overrides President George W. Bush's veto of the $23 billion Water Resource Bill. ](/news/2007/11/8/the-united-states-congress-overrides-president-george-w-bush-s-veto-of-the-23-billion-water-resource-bill.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States Congress_
8. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush asks the United States Congress for $189.3 billion to fund the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2007/10/22/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-asks-the-united-states-congress-for-189-3-billion-to-fund-the-wars-in-iraq-and-afghanist.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States Congress_
9. [ The Dalai Lama is awarded the Congressional Gold Medal by the United States Congress; the decision is defended by George W. Bush.date=December 2007](/news/2007/10/17/the-dalai-lama-is-awarded-the-congressional-gold-medal-by-the-united-states-congress-the-decision-is-defended-by-george-w-bush-date-decem.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States Congress_
10. [ Former U.S. Vice President Al Gore and the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) share the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize. ](/news/2007/10/12/former-u-s-vice-president-al-gore-and-the-un-intergovernmental-panel-on-climate-change-ipcc-share-the-2007-nobel-peace-prize.md) _Context: Al Gore, U.S. Vice President_
