### [2013-09-21](/news/2013/09/21/index.md)

# Police in the Indian city of Mumbai charge several people in connection with a cricket match fixing scandal, including umpire Asad Rauf, former Chennai Super Kings principal Gurunath Meiyappan, Bollywood actor Vindoo Dara Singh and 15 bookies. 




### Source:

1. [Hindustan Times](http://www.hindustantimes.com/Specials/Cricket/T20/Chunk-HT-UI-T20-SpotFixing/Meiyappan-Vindoo-umpire-Asad-Rauf-and-15-bookies-chargesheeted-in-T20-betting-case/SP-Article10-1125230.aspx)

### Related:

1. [At least 22 people are killed and over 30 are seriously injured in a rush hour stampede on a footbridge between the Parel and Prabhadevi railway stations in the Indian city of Mumbai. ](/news/2017/09/29/at-least-22-people-are-killed-and-over-30-are-seriously-injured-in-a-rush-hour-stampede-on-a-footbridge-between-the-parel-and-prabhadevi-rai.md) _Context: India, Mumbai_
2. [A rickety multi-story apartment building collapses in the Indian city of Mumbai resulting in at least 24 deaths with at least 12 people missing. ](/news/2017/08/31/a-rickety-multi-story-apartment-building-collapses-in-the-indian-city-of-mumbai-resulting-in-at-least-24-deaths-with-at-least-12-people-miss.md) _Context: India, Mumbai_
3. [At least 14 people are killed in the Indian city of Mumbai as nearly a month's average rainfall fell yesterday during the worst monsoon in years. More than 1,200 people have been killed across India, Nepal and Bangladesh. ](/news/2017/08/30/at-least-14-people-are-killed-in-the-indian-city-of-mumbai-as-nearly-a-month-s-average-rainfall-fell-yesterday-during-the-worst-monsoon-in-y.md) _Context: India, Mumbai_
4. [At least 17 people are killed in a building collapse in the Indian city of Mumbai with at least 13 injured and twelve people unaccounted for. ](/news/2017/07/26/at-least-17-people-are-killed-in-a-building-collapse-in-the-indian-city-of-mumbai-with-at-least-13-injured-and-twelve-people-unaccounted-for.md) _Context: India, Mumbai_
5. [A court in the Indian city of Mumbai convicts and sentences Ankur Panwar to the death penalty for a fatal acid-throwing attack. ](/news/2016/09/8/a-court-in-the-indian-city-of-mumbai-convicts-and-sentences-ankur-panwar-to-the-death-penalty-for-a-fatal-acid-throwing-attack.md) _Context: India, Mumbai_
6. [A three-storey building collapses in the Indian city of Mumbai, resulting in six deaths and trapping many others. ](/news/2016/04/30/a-three-storey-building-collapses-in-the-indian-city-of-mumbai-resulting-in-six-deaths-and-trapping-many-others.md) _Context: India, Mumbai_
7. [Indian women's rights activists are barred by angry villagers and local authorities from entering Shani Shingnapur temple despite a court ruling guaranteeing access. Breaking with a centuries-old tradition, the high court in Mumbai ruled women have a fundamental right to enter Hindu temples across the state of Maharashtra, and the government has the responsibility to protect their rights. Bhumata Ranragini Brigade leader Trupti Desai and 25 other supporters were detained by police. All India Mahila Congress President Shobha Oza and Delhi Commission for Women chairwoman Swati Maliwal called the actions of locals and authorities "completely shameful." ](/news/2016/04/2/indian-women-s-rights-activists-are-barred-by-angry-villagers-and-local-authorities-from-entering-shani-shingnapur-temple-despite-a-court-ru.md) _Context: India, Mumbai_
8. [ A massive fire occurs in a textile factory in the Mumbai suburb of Bhiwandi in India's Maharashtra state. Fifty people are feared trapped. ](/news/2016/04/12/a-massive-fire-occurs-in-a-textile-factory-in-the-mumbai-suburb-of-bhiwandi-in-india-s-maharashtra-state-fifty-people-are-feared-trapped.md) _Context: India, Mumbai_
9. [A blaze, sparked by a quick succession of between 15 and 20 gas cylinder explosions, in the Kandivali suburb of Mumbai, India, kills at least two and injures 11 while destroying around 1,000 hutment homes. ](/news/2015/12/7/a-blaze-sparked-by-a-quick-succession-of-between-15-and-20-gas-cylinder-explosions-in-the-kandivali-suburb-of-mumbai-india-kills-at-leas.md) _Context: India, Mumbai_
10. [Two express passenger trains (12 coaches of the Kamayani Express; to Varanasi from Mumbai, or Bombay) derail, after being partially swept off a bridge while crossing flooded tracks in India's Madhya Pradesh state leaving at least 31 people killed and about 100 others injured. Related to this incident are monsoon rains and the end of a cyclone which have killed more than 100 people in India. ](/news/2015/08/4/two-express-passenger-trains-12-coaches-of-the-kamayani-express-to-varanasi-from-mumbai-or-bombay-derail-after-being-partially-swept-of.md) _Context: India, Mumbai_
