### [2013-09-21](/news/2013/09/21/index.md)

# The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons reports that Syria has handed over data on its chemical weapons program. 

The international chemical weapons watchdog says it has received &quot;the expected&quot; account by Syria of its weapons programme.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-24186928#)

### Related:

1. [The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons declares that Syria has destroyed 21 of 23 known chemical weapons facilities, and now must destroy the chemical weapons themselves. ](/news/2013/10/31/the-organisation-for-the-prohibition-of-chemical-weapons-declares-that-syria-has-destroyed-21-of-23-known-chemical-weapons-facilities-and-n.md) _Context: Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, Syria, chemical weapons facilities_
2. [Syrian Civil War:Syria hands over its remaining 100 tonnes of its declared chemical weapons to the United Nations Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons but the organisation cannot declare that the country no longer has any such weapons. ](/news/2014/06/23/syrian-civil-war-psyria-hands-over-its-remaining-100-tonnes-of-its-declared-chemical-weapons-to-the-united-nations-organisation-for-the-proh.md) _Context: Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, Syria_
3. [Syrian Civil War:Eleven people, including six members of a United Nations Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons fact finding mission, are attacked near Hama in central Syria. ](/news/2014/05/27/syrian-civil-war-peleven-people-including-six-members-of-a-united-nations-organisation-for-the-prohibition-of-chemical-weapons-fact-finding.md) _Context: Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, Syria_
4. [Syrian civil war:A team from the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons enters Syria to begin work on dismantling the Assad regime's stockpile of chemical weapons. ](/news/2013/10/1/syrian-civil-war-pa-team-from-the-organisation-for-the-prohibition-of-chemical-weapons-enters-syria-to-begin-work-on-dismantling-the-assad-r.md) _Context: Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons, Syria_
5. [The United States and Russia agree on a draft United Nations Security Council resolution aiming to rid Syria of its chemical weapons. ](/news/2013/09/26/the-united-states-and-russia-agree-on-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-aiming-to-rid-syria-of-its-chemical-weapons.md) _Context: Syria, chemical weapons facilities_
6. [ The International Atomic Energy Agency will send an inspection team to Syria to investigate claims by the United States that it was secretly building a nuclear reactor. ](/news/2008/06/2/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-will-send-an-inspection-team-to-syria-to-investigate-claims-by-the-united-states-that-it-was-secretl.md) _Context: Syria, chemical weapons facilities_
7. [ Operation Orchard: The United States claims North Korea helped Syria build a nuclear reactor at a site destroyed by Israeli forces in September 2007. ](/news/2008/04/24/operation-orchard-the-united-states-claims-north-korea-helped-syria-build-a-nuclear-reactor-at-a-site-destroyed-by-israeli-forces-in-septe.md) _Context: Syria, chemical weapons facilities_
8. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syria_
9. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Syria_
10. [Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated.  Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterday-the-united-sta.md) _Context: Syria_
