### [2006-07-7](/news/2006/07/7/index.md)

#  Iran's president, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, warns of an "explosion" in the Islamic world and it would target Israel and its supporters in the Western world, if Israel doesn't cease its activity in the Gaza Strip. Ahmadinejad said during a rally in Tehran that, "This (Israel) is a fake regime ... it won't be able to survive. I think the only way (forward) is that those who created it (the West) take it away themselves." 




### Source:

1. [Associated Press](http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,202512,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ International Quds Day:. Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad calls The Holocaust a "myth" and says that "the very existence of this regime is an insult to the dignity of the people" in referring to Israel at a Quds Day rally in Tehran. ](/news/2009/09/18/international-quds-day-iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-calls-the-holocaust-a-myth-and-says-that-the-very-existence-of-this-regim.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, Tehran_
2. [ President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad remarks that Israel should be moved to Europe and the "issue will be resolved." His remarks were widely condemned as Holocaust denial by Israeli, European and American politicians, The Secretary General of the United Nations, Kofi Annan, issued a statement indicating that he "was shocked", while Saudi, Turkish and Iranian officials criticized his speech because it undermined a Mecca summit dedicated to showing Islam's moderate face.](/news/2005/12/8/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-remarks-that-israel-should-be-moved-to-europe-and-the-issue-will-be-resolved-his-remarks-were-wide.md) _Context: Islam, Israel, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
3. [Iran rebuffs a Stuxnet-style computer worm attack on a power plant in southern Iran. Tehran accuses Israel and the United States of planting the malware. ](/news/2012/12/25/iran-rebuffs-a-stuxnet-style-computer-worm-attack-on-a-power-plant-in-southern-iran-tehran-accuses-israel-and-the-united-states-of-planting.md) _Context: Israel, Tehran_
4. [President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad calls Israel "nothing more than a mosquito" and downplays the idea of war between the two countries, ahead of talks regarding Iran's nuclear program. ](/news/2012/05/12/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-calls-israel-nothing-more-than-a-mosquito-and-downplays-the-idea-of-war-between-the-two-countries-a.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
5. [2011 Iranian protests:. Iranian authorities disperse and arrest protesters in the capital Tehran marking the second anniversary of the re-election of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad as President. ](/news/2011/06/12/2011-iranian-protests-iranian-authorities-disperse-and-arrest-protesters-in-the-capital-tehran-marking-the-second-anniversary-of-the-re-el.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, Tehran_
6. [Iranian nuclear scientist Majid Shahriari is killed and his wife injured, while another scientist is wounded during two attacks in Tehran. Iran says Western governments and Israel may have carried out the killing. ](/news/2010/11/29/iranian-nuclear-scientist-majid-shahriari-is-killed-and-his-wife-injured-while-another-scientist-is-wounded-during-two-attacks-in-tehran-i.md) _Context: Israel, Tehran_
7. [The United States and other western nations including Britain, Sweden, Australia, Belgium, Uruguay and Spain walk out of the United Nations General Assembly following claims by the President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad that the "majority of the American people as well as most nations and politicians around the world" say that the 9/11 attacks were the work of the Government of the United States trying to protect Israel. ](/news/2010/09/23/the-united-states-and-other-western-nations-including-britain-sweden-australia-belgium-uruguay-and-spain-walk-out-of-the-united-nations.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
8. [President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and President of Guinea-Bissau Malam Bacai Sanh meet in Tehran. ](/news/2010/08/7/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-and-president-of-guinea-bissau-malam-bacai-sanha-meet-in-tehran.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, Tehran_
9. [Speaking in Tehran, Iranian Islamic cleric Hojatoleslam Kazem Sedighi blames promiscuous women for causing earthquakes. ](/news/2010/04/20/speaking-in-tehran-iranian-islamic-cleric-hojatoleslam-kazem-sedighi-blames-promiscuous-women-for-causing-earthquakes.md) _Context: Islam, Tehran_
10. [Iran:. President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad plans to relocate millions of Tehranians as the city is threatened by earthquakes. ](/news/2010/04/11/iran-president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-plans-to-relocate-millions-of-tehranians-as-the-city-is-threatened-by-earthquakes.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, Tehran_
