### [2016-08-21](/news/2016/08/21/index.md)

# Gaziantep bombing: The death toll from the Turkish wedding bombing rises to 50 with up to 94 people injured. Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant is suspected of conducting the attack. 




### Source:

1. [Daily Sabah](http://www.dailysabah.com/nation/2016/08/20/suspected-daesh-terror-bombing-kills-50-injures-94-at-wedding-in-turkeys-southern-gaziantep)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: Central Syria campaign (July 2017-present): A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/syrian-civil-war-central-syria-campaign-july-2017-present-a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kill.md) _Context: ISIL_
2. [2017 Brighton siege: In Brighton, a suburb of Melbourne, Australia, a gunman kills one man and holds one woman hostage before he is shot dead by Victoria Police. The incident is being treated as an act of terrorism. Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant has claimed responsibility for the attack but Victoria Police claim that there is little evidence to suggest a connection. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-brighton-siege-in-brighton-a-suburb-of-melbourne-australia-a-gunman-kills-one-man-and-holds-one-woman-hostage-before-he-is-shot-dea.md) _Context: ISIL_
3. [2017 Istanbul nightclub shooting: Abdulkadir Masharipov is charged with murder in relation to the shootings in Istanbul that killed 39 people and is remanded in custody. Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant has claimed responsibility for the shootings. ](/news/2017/02/11/2017-istanbul-nightclub-shooting-abdulkadir-masharipov-is-charged-with-murder-in-relation-to-the-shootings-in-istanbul-that-killed-39-peopl.md) _Context: ISIL_
4. [Iraqi Civil War: Two suicide bombings, one using a car bomb and another with an explosive belt, take place in vegetable markets in eastern Baghdad, killing at least 20 people and injuring more than 50. The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/01/8/iraqi-civil-war-two-suicide-bombings-one-using-a-car-bomb-and-another-with-an-explosive-belt-take-place-in-vegetable-markets-in-eastern-b.md) _Context: ISIL_
5. [2017 Istanbul nightclub attack: The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack in what it claims is a response to Turkey's actions in neighbouring Syria. ](/news/2017/01/2/2017-istanbul-nightclub-attack-the-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-for-the-attack-in-what-it-claims-is-a-respons.md) _Context: ISIL_
6. [Sectarianism in Pakistan: 2016 Khuzdar bombing: At least 52 people, including women and children, have been killed and more than 100 injured by a bomb explosion in the crowded Shah Noorani Shrine in Hub town, Lasbela District, Balochistan, Pakistan. ISIL has claimed responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/12/sectarianism-in-pakistan-2016-khuzdar-bombing-at-least-52-people-including-women-and-children-have-been-killed-and-more-than-100-injured.md) _Context: ISIL_
7. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): The death toll of a suicide bombing in the southern Yemeni city of Aden rises to at least 71. Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/08/29/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-the-death-toll-of-a-suicide-bombing-in-the-southern-yemeni-city-of-aden-rises-to-at-least-71-islamic-sta.md) _Context: ISIL_
8. [Gaziantep bombing: A suicide bomber targets a Kurdish wedding celebration in the Turkish city of Gaziantep killing at least 22 people and wounding 94. ](/news/2016/08/20/gaziantep-bombing-a-suicide-bomber-targets-a-kurdish-wedding-celebration-in-the-turkish-city-of-gaziantep-killing-at-least-22-people-and-wo.md) _Context: Gaziantep bombing_
9. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): At least 35 people are killed and 60 others injured in an attack on a Shiite mausoleum located in north of Baghdad. Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant have claimed responsibility. ](/news/2016/07/7/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-35-people-are-killed-and-60-others-injured-in-an-attack-on-a-shiite-mausoleum-located-in-north-of.md) _Context: ISIL_
10. [Yemeni Civil War: A suicide car bomb, that targeted the Central Security headquarters in the port city of Aden, Yemen, kills at least 26 people. Following the blast, militants stormed the compound and clashed with soldiers. No group immediately claimed responsibility but it is similar to an Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant attack on the port of Al Mukalla. ](/news/2016/07/6/yemeni-civil-war-a-suicide-car-bomb-that-targeted-the-central-security-headquarters-in-the-port-city-of-aden-yemen-kills-at-least-26-peo.md) _Context: ISIL_
