### [2012-04-6](/news/2012/04/6/index.md)

# A United States Navy FA-18 Hornet crashes into an apartment complex in the US city of Virginia Beach, Virginia with minimal injuries and no fatalities. 

There are no reports so far of critical injuries or fatalities, but emergency crews have yet to complete thorough searches of the remains of the buildings after battling the fire and smoke.


### Source:

1. [WAVY-TV](http://www.wavy.com/dpp/news/local_news/va_beach/military-plane-crash)
2. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/us/2012/04/06/navy-jet-reportedly-crashes-in-virginia/?test=latestnews)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/04/07/us-usa-crash-navy-idUSBRE8350EX20120407?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews&utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+reuters%2FtopNews+%28News+%2F+US+%2F+Top+News%29)

### Related:

1. [Two United States Navy FA-18's crash in the Atlantic Ocean near the Outer Banks off the coast of the US state of North Carolina. The four pilots safely ejected from the planes and are being examined in Sentara Norfolk General Hospital in Virginia. ](/news/2016/05/26/two-united-states-navy-fa-18-s-crash-in-the-atlantic-ocean-near-the-outer-banks-off-the-coast-of-the-us-state-of-north-carolina-the-four-pi.md) _Context: U.S. Navy, Virginia_
2. [Two crew members are killed and another is missing after a U.S. Navy MH-53E Sea Dragon helicopter makes an emergency water landing off the Virginia coast, east of Virginia Beach; the two survivors are being treated at a Norfolk hospital. ](/news/2014/01/8/two-crew-members-are-killed-and-another-is-missing-after-a-u-s-navy-mh-53e-sea-dragon-helicopter-makes-an-emergency-water-landing-off-the-v.md) _Context: Virginia, Virginia Beach_
3. [A U.S. Navy F/A-18 Hornet crashes in the Celebes Sea off the Philippines during an attempted landing on the USS ''Carl Vinson''. The pilot ejected and was recovered safely. ](/news/2017/04/21/a-u-s-navy-f-a-18-hornet-crashes-in-the-celebes-sea-off-the-philippines-during-an-attempted-landing-on-the-uss-carl-vinson-the-pilot-e.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
4. [The United States Navy's destroyer USS ''Mason'' comes under missile attack in the Red Sea, off the coast of Yemen. The two missiles, fired from Yemeni territory controlled by Iranian-backed Houthis, impacted the water well before reaching the ship, according to Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis. ](/news/2016/10/9/the-united-states-navy-s-destroyer-uss-mason-comes-under-missile-attack-in-the-red-sea-off-the-coast-of-yemen-the-two-missiles-fired.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
5. [NASA's Orbital ATK Antares 230 rocket launches carrying an unmanned resupply spacecraft, the Cygnus CRS OA-5 cargo ship, to the International Space Station from NASA's Wallops Flight Facility in Virginia. The mission returns the Antares rocket to flight after an anomaly on October 28, 2014, caused an Antares-series rocket to explode seconds after liftoff. ](/news/2016/10/17/nasa-s-orbital-atk-antares-230-rocket-launches-carrying-an-unmanned-resupply-spacecraft-the-cygnus-crs-oa-5-cargo-ship-to-the-internationa.md) _Context: Virginia_
6. [Yemeni Crisis (2011-present)	The United States Navy's USS ''Mason'' is fired on for the third time in a week from territory controlled by Houthi forces in Yemen, while in international waters of the Red Sea. The ship deployed countermeasures and was not struck, according to U.S. officials. ](/news/2016/10/15/yemeni-crisis-2011apresent-pthe-united-states-navy-s-uss-mason-is-fired-on-for-the-third-time-in-a-week-from-territory-controlled-by.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
7. [The U.S. military launches Tomahawk cruise missiles from the USS ''Nitze'' against Houthi-controlled radar sites in Yemen following two incidents in which, according to U.S. military, missiles were fired on United States Navy vessels in the Red Sea. ](/news/2016/10/13/the-u-s-military-launches-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-from-the-uss-nitze-against-houthi-controlled-radar-sites-in-yemen-following-two-inci.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
8. [A Russian Sukhoi Su-27 fighter jet makes an "unsafe close-range intercept" of a United States Navy P-8A Poseidon over the Black Sea in international airspace, coming within 10 feet (3.3 m) of the U.S. aircraft. ](/news/2016/09/7/a-russian-sukhoi-su-27-fighter-jet-makes-an-unsafe-close-range-intercept-of-a-united-states-navy-p-8a-poseidon-over-the-black-sea-in-inter.md) _Context: U.S. Navy_
9. [The ''Richmond Times-Dispatch'' of Virginia is first to endorse Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson for president and the first newspaper media endorsement of a third-party nominee in this election cycle. ](/news/2016/09/4/the-richmond-times-dispatch-of-virginia-is-first-to-endorse-libertarian-candidate-gary-johnson-for-president-and-the-first-newspaper-med.md) _Context: Virginia_
10. [The U.S. states of North Carolina and Virginia declare a state of emergency over gas shortages as a result of the Colonial pipeline leak in Shelby County, Alabama. ](/news/2016/09/19/the-u-s-states-of-north-carolina-and-virginia-declare-a-state-of-emergency-over-gas-shortages-as-a-result-of-the-colonial-pipeline-leak-in.md) _Context: Virginia_
