### [2012-04-6](/news/2012/04/6/index.md)

# Japan renews a territorial claim over Liancourt Rocks (Takeshima/Dokdo), which South Korea also claims to be part of its territory. 




### Source:

1. [Yonhap](http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/national/2012/04/06/99/0301000000AEN20120406002351315F.HTML)

### Related:

1. [South Korea and Japan temporarily halt some military cooperation programs in a long-running dispute over control of the Liancourt Rocks. South Korea's first fleet plans a "biannual" drill around the area from September 7 to 11. ](/news/2012/09/3/south-korea-and-japan-temporarily-halt-some-military-cooperation-programs-in-a-long-running-dispute-over-control-of-the-liancourt-rocks-sou.md) _Context: Japan, Liancourt Rocks, South Korea_
2. [The South Korean Yonhap news agency reports that the President of South Korea Lee Myung-bak is considering visiting the disputed Liancourt Rocks, which are also claimed by Japan. ](/news/2012/08/10/the-south-korean-yonhap-news-agency-reports-that-the-president-of-south-korea-lee-myung-bak-is-considering-visiting-the-disputed-liancourt-r.md) _Context: Japan, Liancourt Rocks, South Korea_
3. [ The government of South Korea complains to the Japanese government about a revised set of official Japanese history schoolbooks. The complaint alleges the textbooks whitewash Japan's "imperialist" past, and question Korean sovereignty of the disputed Liancourt Rocks. ](/news/2005/04/5/the-government-of-south-korea-complains-to-the-japanese-government-about-a-revised-set-of-official-japanese-history-schoolbooks-the-compla.md) _Context: Japan, Liancourt Rocks, South Korea_
4. [North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wonsan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-according-to-south-korea-the-missile-reportedly.md) _Context: Japan, South Korea_
5. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: Japan, South Korea_
6. [ United States Vice President Mike Pence visits Alaska, where he meets with Governor Bill Walker and discusses stationing F-35 squadrons in the state. Pence is beginning a 10-day trip to South Korea, Australia, Indonesia and Japan. ](/news/2017/04/15/united-states-vice-president-mike-pence-visits-alaska-where-he-meets-with-governor-bill-walker-and-discusses-stationing-f-35-squadrons-in.md) _Context: Japan, South Korea_
7. [North Korea attempts again to launch a BM25 Musudan intermediate-range ballistic missile capable of striking South Korea or Japan but is unsuccessful. ](/news/2016/05/31/north-korea-attempts-again-to-launch-a-bm25-musudan-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-capable-of-striking-south-korea-or-japan-but-is-uns.md) _Context: Japan, South Korea_
8. [Amid growing concern about North Korea's ballistic missile capability, South Korea, Japan and the U.S. are to hold their first ever joint anti-missile exercise next month, according to South Korea's Ministry of National Defense. The three countries will practice "detecting and tracing a hypothetical North Korean missile," said a ministry official. ](/news/2016/05/17/amid-growing-concern-about-north-korea-s-ballistic-missile-capability-south-korea-japan-and-the-u-s-are-to-hold-their-first-ever-joint-an.md) _Context: Japan, South Korea_
9. [South Korea has determined North Korea is capable of mounting a nuclear warhead on its medium-range Rodong-1 ballistic missile, which could reach all of South Korea and most of Japan, according to a senior government official. ](/news/2016/04/5/south-korea-has-determined-north-korea-is-capable-of-mounting-a-nuclear-warhead-on-its-medium-range-rodong-1-ballistic-missile-which-could.md) _Context: Japan, South Korea_
10. [Japan and South Korea agree to 'irreversibly' resolve a long-running dispute over Korean women the Japanese military used as sex slaves during World War II. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will issue a formal apology to the so-called "comfort women." Tokyo will set up an aid fund of about 1 billion yen ($8.3 million). ](/news/2015/12/28/japan-and-south-korea-agree-to-irreversibly-resolve-a-long-running-dispute-over-korean-women-the-japanese-military-used-as-sex-slaves-duri.md) _Context: Japan, South Korea_
