### [2005-04-22](/news/2005/04/22/index.md)

#  Canadian prime minister Paul Martin promises in a televised address to call for an early general election once the Gomery inquiry into the current corruption scandal is over. 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/4471407.stm)
2. [CTV](http://www.ctv.ca/servlet/ArticleNews/story/CTVNews/1114083674580_24/?hub=CTVNewsAt11)
3. [Globe and Mail](http://www.theglobeandmail.com/servlet/story/RTGAM.20050421.wmartin0421_2/BNStory/Front/)
4. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=8259354)

### Related:

1. [ Following Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin's plea on national television that a re-election ought to be delayed until the Gomery Commission has completed its report on the sponsorship scandal, a deal between the governing Liberal Party and the New Democratic Party may avoid the election in the near future as predicted earlier last week. ](/news/2005/04/26/following-canadian-prime-minister-paul-martin-s-plea-on-national-television-that-a-re-election-ought-to-be-delayed-until-the-gomery-commiss.md) _Context: Canada, Canadian Prime Minister, Gomery Commission, Paul Martin, sponsorship scandal_
2. [ The Bush administration summons Canadian ambassador Frank McKenna, and is expected to formally lodge a complaint after Prime Minister Paul Martin's criticism on December 7 of the United States at the Montreal conference on climate change. U.S.-Canada relations are already a major issue in the upcoming Canadian federal election. ](/news/2005/12/9/the-bush-administration-summons-canadian-ambassador-frank-mckenna-and-is-expected-to-formally-lodge-a-complaint-after-prime-minister-paul.md) _Context: Canada, Canadian Prime Minister, Paul Martin_
3. [ Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin addresses the Montreal conference on climate change, and is critical of the United States's stance on the issue. Martin's allegedly "undiplomatic" comments&mdash;"there is such a thing as a global conscience, and now is the time to listen to it"&mdash;reportedly anger Vice President Dick Cheney. ](/news/2005/12/7/canadian-prime-minister-paul-martin-addresses-the-montreal-conference-on-climate-change-and-is-critical-of-the-united-states-s-stance-on-t.md) _Context: Canada, Canadian Prime Minister, Paul Martin_
4. [ Justice John Gomery releases the first part of the Gomery Commission report on corruption in the Liberal Party of Canada and the sponsorship scandal. Gomery exonerates current Prime Minister Paul Martin but criticizes former Prime Minister Jean Chrtien and his Quebec lieutenant Alfonso Gagliano. ](/news/2005/11/1/justice-john-gomery-releases-the-first-part-of-the-gomery-commission-report-on-corruption-in-the-liberal-party-of-canada-and-the-sponsorshi.md) _Context: Gomery Commission, Paul Martin, sponsorship scandal_
5. [ People's Republic of China President Hu Jintao meets with Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin in Ottawa. The event is met with protesters and supporters of the Chinese government. Martin and Hu agree on a new "Strategic Partnership", and sign a series of agreements on transportation, food inspection, and scientific research. Hu also meets with Governor General Adrienne Clarkson. ](/news/2005/09/9/people-s-republic-of-china-president-hu-jintao-meets-with-canadian-prime-minister-paul-martin-in-ottawa-the-event-is-met-with-protesters-a.md) _Context: Canada, Canadian Prime Minister, Paul Martin_
6. [ Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin has set May 19 for a vote in the House of Commons on the federal budget. He said if his government loses the vote of confidence, he will seek the dissolution of Parliament. This means an election could come as early as June 27. ](/news/2005/05/11/canadian-prime-minister-paul-martin-has-set-may-19-for-a-vote-in-the-house-of-commons-on-the-federal-budget-he-said-if-his-government-lose.md) _Context: Canada, Canadian Prime Minister, Paul Martin_
7. [Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau says his government has "compelling reason to believe" that Robert Hall, who was held hostage in the Philippines, has been killed by his captors, presumably the same Abu Sayyaf militants who beheaded another Canadian, John Ridsdel, on 25 April 2016. ](/news/2016/06/13/canadian-prime-minister-justin-trudeau-says-his-government-has-compelling-reason-to-believe-that-robert-hall-who-was-held-hostage-in-the.md) _Context: Canada, Canadian Prime Minister_
8. [Justin Trudeau, son of former Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau, is chosen as the new leader of the Liberal Party of Canada. ](/news/2013/04/14/justin-trudeau-son-of-former-canadian-prime-minister-pierre-trudeau-is-chosen-as-the-new-leader-of-the-liberal-party-of-canada.md) _Context: Canada, Canadian Prime Minister_
9. [Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper appoints five new Senators. ](/news/2010/01/29/canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-appoints-five-new-senators.md) _Context: Canada, Canadian Prime Minister_
10. [ ''The Globe and Mail'' refutes portions of former Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney's testimony about his relationship with German arms dealer Karlheinz Schreiber. ](/news/2009/05/20/the-globe-and-mail-refutes-portions-of-former-canadian-prime-minister-brian-mulroney-s-testimony-about-his-relationship-with-german-arm.md) _Context: Canada, Canadian Prime Minister_
