### [2005-04-22](/news/2005/04/22/index.md)

#  In an attempt to ease recent tensions between the two Asian economic powerhouses in the Japanese history textbooks controversy, Japanese prime minister Junichiro Koizumi publicly expressed his "deep remorse" for actions of Japanese troops in China during World War II for the first time in a decade. He intends to meet PRC president Hu Jintao at the Asia-Africa Conference in Jakarta. However, 81 Diet members visit Yasukuni Shrine the same day, causing more controversy inside and outside Japan about the true attitude of Tokyo on this subject. 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=10000087&sid=a9Maq0YTvPUQ&refer=top_world_news)
2. [Guardian Unlimited](http://www.guardian.co.uk/japan/story/0,7369,1468519,00.html)
3. [Japan Today](http://www.japantoday.com/e/?content=news&cat=9&id=335039)
4. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=8260899)
5. [Telegraph UK](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/news/2005/04/23/wjapan23.xml&sSheet=/news/2005/04/23/ixnewstop.html)

### Related:

1. [ Japan expresses remorse for its actions in World War II on the anniversary of its 1945 defeat, but former Prime Ministers Junichiro Koizumi and Shinzo Abe visit the Yasukuni Shrine, a controversial war shrine seen as a symbol of its past militarism. ](/news/2009/08/15/japan-expresses-remorse-for-its-actions-in-world-war-ii-on-the-anniversary-of-its-1945-defeat-but-former-prime-ministers-junichiro-koizumi.md) _Context: Japan, Junichiro Koizumi, Prime Minister of Japan, World War II, Yasukuni Shrine_
2. [Two Japanese cabinet ministers Keiji Furuya and Yoshitaka Shindo visit the Yasukuni Shrine to mark the 69th anniversary of Japan's surrender at the end of World War II. This visit upsets China and South Korea as the shrine contains the graves of war criminals. ](/news/2014/08/15/two-japanese-cabinet-ministers-keiji-furuya-and-yoshitaka-shindo-visit-the-yasukuni-shrine-to-mark-the-69th-anniversary-of-japan-s-surrender.md) _Context: Chinese, Japan, World War II, Yasukuni Shrine_
3. [Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe visits the Yasukuni Shrine. The location is controversial because it enshrines many war criminals from World War II. The visit provokes condemnation from China and South Korea and criticism from the United States. ](/news/2013/12/26/japanese-prime-minister-shinzo-abe-visits-the-yasukuni-shrine-the-location-is-controversial-because-it-enshrines-many-war-criminals-from-wo.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, World War II, Yasukuni Shrine_
4. [ On the 62nd anniversary of Japan's surrender in World War II, Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and his ministers do not visit the Yasukuni Shrine. ](/news/2007/08/15/on-the-62nd-anniversary-of-japan-s-surrender-in-world-war-ii-prime-minister-shinzo-abe-and-his-ministers-do-not-visit-the-yasukuni-shrine.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, World War II, Yasukuni Shrine_
5. [ Japanese Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi announces plans to withdraw his country's troops from Iraq.  The 600 soldiers had been deployed to Iraq in 2004 to aid in reconstruction and sparked controversy in Japan, as it was the most ambitious overseas deployment by Japan since World War II. ](/news/2006/06/20/japanese-prime-minister-junichiro-koizumi-announces-plans-to-withdraw-his-country-s-troops-from-iraq-the-600-soldiers-had-been-deployed-t.md) _Context: Japan, Junichiro Koizumi, Prime Minister of Japan, World War II_
6. [Japan and South Korea agree to 'irreversibly' resolve a long-running dispute over Korean women the Japanese military used as sex slaves during World War II. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will issue a formal apology to the so-called "comfort women." Tokyo will set up an aid fund of about 1 billion yen ($8.3 million). ](/news/2015/12/28/japan-and-south-korea-agree-to-irreversibly-resolve-a-long-running-dispute-over-korean-women-the-japanese-military-used-as-sex-slaves-duri.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, World War II_
7. [The cabinet of Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe approves a record defence budget with a plan to buy surveillance aircraft and Lockheed Martin F-35 Lightning II fighter jets to improve security of uninhabited islands in the East China Sea claimed by both Japan and China. ](/news/2015/01/14/the-cabinet-of-prime-minister-of-japan-shinzo-abe-approves-a-record-defence-budget-with-a-plan-to-buy-surveillance-aircraft-and-lockheed-mar.md) _Context: Chinese, Japan, Prime Minister of Japan_
8. [Shinzo Abe, the Prime Minister of Japan, meets with the President of the United States Barack Obama at the White House to discuss trade, economic, and security issues including North Korea and the Senkaku Islands dispute with China. ](/news/2013/02/22/shinzo-abe-the-prime-minister-of-japan-meets-with-the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-at-the-white-house-to-discuss-trade-eco.md) _Context: Chinese, Japan, Prime Minister of Japan_
9. [Japan's Opposition lodges a no-confidence motion in the Diet against Prime Minister Naoto Kan. ](/news/2011/06/1/japan-s-opposition-lodges-a-no-confidence-motion-in-the-diet-against-prime-minister-naoto-kan.md) _Context: Diet, Japan, Prime Minister of Japan_
10. [The entire cabinet of Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan avoids visiting Yasukuni Shrine on the anniversary of Japan's surrender in World War II. ](/news/2010/08/15/the-entire-cabinet-of-japanese-prime-minister-naoto-kan-avoids-visiting-yasukuni-shrine-on-the-anniversary-of-japan-s-surrender-in-world-war.md) _Context: Japan, Prime Minister of Japan, Yasukuni Shrine_
