### [2005-04-22](/news/2005/04/22/index.md)

#  Medtronic, Inc. paid US$ 1.35 billion to settle a patent lawsuit and also to acquire disputed spine surgery-related patents from Gary K. Michelson. [http://www.nytimes.com/2005/04/23/business/23medronic.html]




### Related:

1. [Google agrees to pay $7 millions to settle a privacy lawsuit over the handling of wireless data. ](/news/2013/03/12/google-agrees-to-pay-7-millions-to-settle-a-privacy-lawsuit-over-the-handling-of-wireless-data.md) _Context: US$, lawsuit_
2. [Raytheon wins the dismissal of a USD$1 billion whistleblower lawsuit accusing the defense contractor of over billing the U.S. government on a contract for satellite sensors, nearly 18 months after the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit revived the case. ](/news/2017/08/3/raytheon-wins-the-dismissal-of-a-usd-1-billion-whistleblower-lawsuit-accusing-the-defense-contractor-of-over-billing-the-u-s-government-on.md) _Context: lawsuit_
3. [Apple Inc. and Nokia agree to increase their partnership after settling a patent dispute. ](/news/2017/05/23/apple-inc-and-nokia-agree-to-increase-their-partnership-after-settling-a-patent-dispute.md) _Context: patent_
4. [The parent company of Burger King announces plans to purchase Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen, operator of the Popeyes chicken restaurant chain in a US$1.8 billion deal. ](/news/2017/02/21/the-parent-company-of-burger-king-announces-plans-to-purchase-popeyes-louisiana-kitchen-operator-of-the-popeyes-chicken-restaurant-chain-in.md) _Context: US$_
5. [  The U.S. Justice Department (DOJ) issues final approval for Alaska Airlines to acquire Virgin America, in a US$2.6 billion dollar merger. In exchange for approval, the DOJ requires Alaska Airlines to reduce its partnership with American Airlines. ](/news/2016/12/6/the-u-s-justice-department-doj-issues-final-approval-for-alaska-airlines-to-acquire-virgin-america-in-a-us-2-6-billion-dollar-merger.md) _Context: US$_
6. [ Google receives a United States patent for an adhesive for its self-driving cars, so-called ''human flypaper'', designed to  minimize injuries in a pedestrian accident by holding the person to the car rather than being thrown after impact. ](/news/2016/05/19/google-receives-a-united-states-patent-for-an-adhesive-for-its-self-driving-cars-so-called-human-flypaper-designed-to-minimize-injur.md) _Context: patent_
7. [The U.S. city of Cleveland, Ohio, agrees to pay $6 million to settle a wrongful death civil rights lawsuit brought by the family of Tamir Rice. Rice was a 12-year-old boy who was  walking outside a recreation center holding an air pellet gun when he was shot and killed by a Cleveland Police officer on November 22, 2014. Prosecutor Tim McGinty reported in December 2015 that an Ohio grand jury  decided not to indict the police officers. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-u-s-city-of-cleveland-ohio-agrees-to-pay-6-million-to-settle-a-wrongful-death-civil-rights-lawsuit-brought-by-the-family-of-tamir-ri.md) _Context: lawsuit_
8. [A federal appeals court rules in favor of Samsung on several issues arising out of that company's long-running patent dispute with Apple, overturning a $120 million jury verdict in Apple's favor in 2014. ](/news/2016/02/26/a-federal-appeals-court-rules-in-favor-of-samsung-on-several-issues-arising-out-of-that-company-s-long-running-patent-dispute-with-apple-ov.md) _Context: patent_
9. [NSA documents show the US and UK spied on Israeli military drones and fighter jets. ](/news/2016/01/30/nsa-documents-show-the-us-and-uk-spied-on-israeli-military-drones-and-fighter-jets.md) _Context: US$_
10. [Indonesian authorities reveal that the crashed plane was transporting $US470,000 in cash for the poor.  ](/news/2015/08/17/indonesian-authorities-reveal-that-the-crashed-plane-was-transporting-us470-000-in-cash-for-the-poor.md) _Context: US$_
