### [2006-08-9](/news/2006/08/9/index.md)

#  2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict: Israeli Arab officials reject Hassan Nasrallah's call to leave Haifa metropolis, arguing against the attacks on civilian populations. 

Former MK Issam Mahoul rejects Nasrallah&#39;s call to Haifa&#39;s Arab population to evacuate city; &#39;We have nothing to do outside of Haifa, and we refuse to be refugees,&#39; Mahoul asserts. Haifa Mayor: Nasrallah won&#39;t succeed in uprooting Arab residents 


### Source:

1. [CBS](http://wcbstv.com/topstories/topstories_story_220185419.html)
2. [Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?cid=1154525841951&pagename=JPost%2FJPArticle%2FShowFull)
3. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/articlenews.aspx?type=newsOne&storyID=2006-08-09T175453Z_01_L0963469_RTRUKOC_0_US-MIDEAST-NASRALLAH.xml)
4. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/articlenews.aspx?type=newsOne&storyID=2006-08-09T180624Z_01_L0967241_RTRUKOC_0_US-MIDEAST-NASRALLAH-GRAVEYARD.xml)
5. [YNET NEWS](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3289009,00.html)
6. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3288617,00.html)
7. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3288753,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict: Israeli army radio reports that Israeli Army chief of staff Dan Halutz has ordered the air force to destroy 10 multi-story buildings in the Dahiya district (of Beirut) in response to every rocket fired on Haifa. As of Sunday the ratio of reported deaths was more than 17:1. ](/news/2006/07/25/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-p-israeli-army-radio-reports-that-israeli-army-chief-of-staff-dan-halutz-has-ordered-the-air-force-to-destroy.md) _Context: Haifa, war_
2. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict: Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah announces in an interview with Al-Jazeera that he discussed the abduction of the two Israeli soldiers with Lebanese political leaders  before the attack occurred. ](/news/2006/07/24/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-p-hezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-announces-in-an-interview-with-al-jazeera-that-he-discussed-the-abduction.md) _Context: Hassan Nasrallah, war_
3. [In response to several Israeli airstrikes against suspected Hezbollah-related targets inside Syria, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has threatened wider war with the State of Israel, stating its intention to fire Scud missiles, and specifically target the Israeli city of Haifa. Israel responded by stating that any such actions by the Assad regime, or attacks on its aircraft, will cause Israel to "annihilate" Syrian air defense systems. ](/news/2017/03/25/in-response-to-several-israeli-airstrikes-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-inside-syria-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-has-thr.md) _Context: Haifa_
4. [Around 50,000 people are evacuated as fires rage throughout the Israeli city of Haifa. The Minister of Public Security Gilad Erdan says at least half the fires are to due to arson. ](/news/2016/11/24/around-50-000-people-are-evacuated-as-fires-rage-throughout-the-israeli-city-of-haifa-the-minister-of-public-security-gilad-erdan-says-at-l.md) _Context: Haifa_
5. [A Pew Research Center survey of Jewish and non-Jewish Israelis, via face-to-face interviews from October 2014 through May 2015, finds deep divisions in Israeli society - not only between Israeli Jews and the country's Arab citizen minority, but also among the religious subgroups that make up Israeli Jewry.  An overwhelming majority (98%) of Israeli Jews agree all Jews should have the right to  move to Israel and receive immediate citizenship. Close to half (48 percent)  support the expulsion or transfer of Arabs from Israel, yet most secular Jews  disagree (58%) with this, as do 54 percent of those in the center politically (more so from the left). Meanwhile, Israeli Arabs,  currently about one-in-five of the country's adults, generally do not think Israel can be a Jewish state and a democracy at the same time. Fewer  Arabs (down 24 points) think a peaceful, two-state solution is possible, from 74% in 2013 to 50% now. Both groups are skeptical of the peace process: Israeli Arabs question the sincerity of the Israeli government in seeking a peace agreement, while Israeli Jews are equally skeptical about the sincerity of Palestinian leaders. (Pew is a non-partisan American think tank based in Washington, D.C.) ](/news/2016/03/8/a-pew-research-center-survey-of-jewish-and-non-jewish-israelis-via-face-to-face-interviews-from-october-2014-through-may-2015-finds-deep-d.md) _Context: Arab citizen_
6. [Israel says an Arab-Israeli man who served in the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) has joined Islamic State militants in Syria. ](/news/2015/12/13/israel-says-an-arab-israeli-man-who-served-in-the-israel-defense-forces-idf-has-joined-islamic-state-militants-in-syria.md) _Context: Arab citizen_
7. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu orders a review of the status of certain Palestinian neighborhoods in East Jerusalem.  Netanyahu says he is considering revoking residency status for Palestinians living there, according to Israel's Channel 2. ](/news/2015/10/26/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-orders-a-review-of-the-status-of-certain-palestinian-neighborhoods-in-east-jerusalem-netanyahu-s.md) _Context: Arab citizen_
8. [Syrian Civil War:Hezbollah leader, Hassan Nasrallah, calls on other sectarian forces in the Arab world to withdraw from Syria, saying that if they did so, Hezbollah would also "not remain in Syria either." ](/news/2014/02/16/syrian-civil-war-phezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-calls-on-other-sectarian-forces-in-the-arab-world-to-withdraw-from-syria-saying-that.md) _Context: Hassan Nasrallah_
9. [The Israeli Air Force shoots down a Hezbollah drone from Lebanon off the coast of Haifa. ](/news/2013/04/25/the-israeli-air-force-shoots-down-a-hezbollah-drone-from-lebanon-off-the-coast-of-haifa.md) _Context: Haifa_
10. [Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah confirms that the drone aircraft shot down over Israel's Negev Desert on 6 October belonged to the organization and was supplied by Iran. ](/news/2012/10/11/hezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-confirms-that-the-drone-aircraft-shot-down-over-israel-s-negev-desert-on-6-october-belonged-to-the-organiz.md) _Context: Hassan Nasrallah_
