### [2006-08-9](/news/2006/08/9/index.md)

#  The Venezuelan opposition selects Manuel Rosales, governor of Zulia State, as its unity candidate for the December presidential election. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601086&sid=ahstCwNOZ.Zo&refer=latin_america)

### Related:

1. [ Venezuela holds elections, with incumbent president Hugo Chvez facing a challenge from Manuel Rosales, Governor of the western state of Zulia. With 78% of votes counted by the National Electoral Council, Chvez wins with 61% over 38% for Rosales. ](/news/2006/12/3/venezuela-holds-elections-with-incumbent-president-hugo-chavez-facing-a-challenge-from-manuel-rosales-governor-of-the-western-state-of-zu.md) _Context: Manuel Rosales, Venezuela, Zulia, holds elections_
2. [ Venezuelans go to the polls for regional elections. Allies of President Hugo Chvez win 17 of 21 governorships, but the opposition wins in the two biggest states of Miranda and Zulia as well as the mayorship of Caracas. ](/news/2008/11/23/venezuelans-go-to-the-polls-for-regional-elections-allies-of-president-hugo-chavez-win-17-of-21-governorships-but-the-opposition-wins-in.md) _Context: Venezuela, Zulia_
3. [The U.S.  imposes new sanctions on eight Venezuelan officials, including Secretary of the 2017 Constituent Assembly Adan Chavez - the late President Hugo Chavez's brother,  to deter further democratic backsliding in the South American country. ](/news/2017/08/9/the-u-s-imposes-new-sanctions-on-eight-venezuelan-officials-including-secretary-of-the-2017-constituent-assembly-ada-n-cha-vez-the-late.md) _Context: Venezuela_
4. [Socorro Flores Liera, Mexico's deputy foreign minister for Latin America and the Caribbean, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Mexico City, that during the first half of 2017, 1,420 Venezuelans have sought asylum in Mexico, a nearly four-fold jump compared to the 361 total Venezuelan asylum applicants for all of 2016, as the result of Venezuela's deepening political and economic crisis. ](/news/2017/08/4/socorro-flores-liera-mexico-s-deputy-foreign-minister-for-latin-america-and-the-caribbean-speaks-during-an-interview-with-reuters-in-mexic.md) _Context: Venezuela_
5. [South American trade bloc Mercosur will trigger its democratic clause this weekend to suspend Venezuela indefinitely, furthering its past temporary suspension, and not allow the country back until internal political issues have been resolved. ](/news/2017/08/3/south-american-trade-bloc-mercosur-will-trigger-its-democratic-clause-this-weekend-to-suspend-venezuela-indefinitely-furthering-its-past-te.md) _Context: Venezuela_
6. [Venezuelan opposition leaders Leopoldo Lopez and Mayor of Caracas Antonio Ledezma are seized at their homes overnight by the Bolivarian Intelligence Service (SEBIN) and taken to Ramo Verde Prison. They had been arrested previously by the Venezuelan  government, but were under house arrest at the time of being seized. ](/news/2017/08/1/venezuelan-opposition-leaders-leopoldo-la3pez-and-mayor-of-caracas-antonio-ledezma-are-seized-at-their-homes-overnight-by-the-bolivarian-int.md) _Context: Venezuela_
7. [Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro says voting in his upcoming election on July 30 is mandatory for all 2.8 million state employees, with employees who do not vote facing ostracisation. Opponents of the government plan to hold their own unofficial referendum on the Maduro government on July 16. ](/news/2017/07/7/venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-says-voting-in-his-upcoming-election-on-july-30-is-mandatory-for-all-2-8-million-state-employees-with.md) _Context: Venezuela_
8. [Supporters of Venezuelan President Nicols Maduro storm the opposition-controlled National Assembly and injure several lawmakers, including the President of the National Assembly, Julio Borges. Several journalists were also injured in the assault. ](/news/2017/07/5/supporters-of-venezuelan-president-nicolas-maduro-storm-the-opposition-controlled-national-assembly-and-injure-several-lawmakers-including.md) _Context: Venezuela_
9. [Voters in Venezuela participate in an election for members of a new Constitutional Assembly, devised by President Nicolas Maduro to amend the constitution following a legislative takeover in March. Many Venezuelans question the election's legitimacy, resulting in boycotts and ongoing protests. ](/news/2017/07/30/voters-in-venezuela-participate-in-an-election-for-members-of-a-new-constitutional-assembly-devised-by-president-nicola-s-maduro-to-amend-t.md) _Context: Venezuela_
10. [Protesters march towards Venezuelan Supreme Court against what they feel is bias in favor of President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2017/07/22/protesters-march-towards-venezuelan-supreme-court-against-what-they-feel-is-bias-in-favor-of-president-nicolas-maduro.md) _Context: Venezuela_
