### [2011-01-9](/news/2011/01/9/index.md)

# Hillary Clinton of the United States speaks out against Iran in Abu Dhabi during a five-day trip to the United Arab Emirates, Oman and Qatar. She requests that the world increase its pressure on Iran, a country she considers "a serious concern". 

US secretary of state says there must be continued international pressure on Iran over its nuclear programme.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2011/01/201111001643752596.html)

### Related:

1. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Iran, Qatar, UAE_
2. [The Gulf Cooperation Council  formally designates Lebanon's Hezbollah militia a terrorist organization. The GCC  member states are Bahrain, Kuwait, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, and the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-gulf-cooperation-council-formally-designates-lebanon-s-hezbollah-militia-a-terrorist-organization-the-gcc-member-states-are-bahrain.md) _Context: Oman, Qatar, UAE_
3. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: Iran, UAE, United States_
4. [ U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton warns that it could arm its allies in the Gulf and extend a "defense umbrella" over the region, if Iran goes nuclear. ](/news/2009/07/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-warns-that-it-could-arm-its-allies-in-the-gulf-and-extend-a-defense-umbrella-over-the-region-if.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, Iran, United States_
5. [Iran has sent five 90-tonne air cargo payloads of perishable food to Qatar. More shipments by air and sea are underway. ](/news/2017/06/11/iran-has-sent-five-90-tonne-air-cargo-payloads-of-perishable-food-to-qatar-more-shipments-by-air-and-sea-are-underway.md) _Context: Iran, Qatar_
6. [Oman receives 10 former detainees of the Guantanamo Bay detention camp following a request by the United States to take them. ](/news/2017/01/16/oman-receives-10-former-detainees-of-the-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-following-a-request-by-the-united-states-to-take-them.md) _Context: Oman, United States_
7. [Voters in the United States go to the polls for a range of federal, state and local elections, including the highly publicized presidential election between major party nominees Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/11/8/voters-in-the-united-states-go-to-the-polls-for-a-range-of-federal-state-and-local-elections-including-the-highly-publicized-presidential.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, United States_
8. [Iran confirms it has executed nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri by hanging for treason. Iranian judiciary spokesman Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i says Amiri was charged with spying for enemies of the Islamic Republic of Iran and that U.S. officials had been unaware that Iran was monitoring Amiri's efforts for the West. His body was returned to his family with rope marks around his neck. ](/news/2016/08/7/iran-confirms-it-has-executed-nuclear-scientist-shahram-amiri-by-hanging-for-treason-iranian-judiciary-spokesman-gholam-hossein-mohseni-eje.md) _Context: Iran, United States_
9. [The United Arab Emirates and Bahrain issue a travel warning for their citizens heading to American cities where protests are occuring following ethnic tensions in the country. This comes after The Bahamas issued its own travel warning yesterday, after the shooting of Dallas police officers. ](/news/2016/07/10/the-united-arab-emirates-and-bahrain-issue-a-travel-warning-for-their-citizens-heading-to-american-cities-where-protests-are-occuring-follow.md) _Context: UAE, United States_
10. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Iran, United States_
