### [2011-01-9](/news/2011/01/9/index.md)

# Israeli demolition of the historic Shepherd Hotel:Israeli bulldozers begin demolishing a 1930s East Jerusalem hotel to build 20 new settler homes, "destroying all the US efforts and ending any possibility of a return to negotiations" according to a spokesperson for Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas.  

Bulldozers demolished a hotel in an Arab east Jerusalem neighborhood Sunday to make way for a new Israeli enclave, moving ahead with a plan that has angered the Palestinians and the U.S. ...


### Source:

1. [AP via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2011/01/08/military-palestinian-shot-dead-charged-troops/)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-12146277)
3. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english2010/world/2011-01/10/c_13683367.htm)

### Related:

1. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas_
2. [Following the inauguration of Donald Trump as President of the United States, Israel approves the construction of 566 new settlement homes in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/01/22/following-the-inauguration-of-donald-trump-as-president-of-the-united-states-israel-approves-the-construction-of-566-new-settlement-homes-i.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel_
3. [UNESCO's executive board approves the "Occupied Palestine" resolution which reaffirms the cultural heritage of Palestine, especially East Jerusalem, and criticizes certain Israeli actions regarding the Palestinian territories. For the land in Jerusalem where the Al-Aqsa Mosque stands, the board uses only Islamic naming terms without also mentioning Jewish or Christian historical references. ](/news/2016/10/18/unesco-s-executive-board-approves-the-occupied-palestine-resolution-which-reaffirms-the-cultural-heritage-of-palestine-especially-east-je.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel_
4. [Israel announces plans for construction of a three-story residential building for Jewish settlers in a Palestinian neighborhood of East Jerusalem. ](/news/2016/06/15/israel-announces-plans-for-construction-of-a-three-story-residential-building-for-jewish-settlers-in-a-palestinian-neighborhood-of-east-jeru.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel_
5. [Two assailants are shot dead by Israeli police after knife-wielding Palestinians attacked Israelis in Jerusalem and in the West Bank. Another four people, including a Palestinian assailant, are injured in incidents at an Israeli checkpoint outside the West Bank city of Nablus and at a tram station in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2015/10/30/two-assailants-are-shot-dead-by-israeli-police-after-knife-wielding-palestinians-attacked-israelis-in-jerusalem-and-in-the-west-bank-anothe.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel_
6. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu orders a review of the status of certain Palestinian neighborhoods in East Jerusalem.  Netanyahu says he is considering revoking residency status for Palestinians living there, according to Israel's Channel 2. ](/news/2015/10/26/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-orders-a-review-of-the-status-of-certain-palestinian-neighborhoods-in-east-jerusalem-netanyahu-s.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Israel_
7. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met today in Berlin with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu regarding the recent spate of violence between Palestinians and Israelis. Kerry will meet on Saturday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and King Abdullah of Jordan in Amman. ](/news/2015/10/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-met-today-in-berlin-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-regarding-the-recent-spate-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas_
8. [Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, states that Palestine will no longer abide by the Oslo accords and claims that Israel has not been complying with them. ](/news/2015/09/30/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-states-that-palestine-will-no-longer-abide-by-the-oslo-accords-and-claims-that-is.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas_
9. [Pope Francis urges President Shimon Peres of Israel and President Mahmoud Abbas of Palestine to work for peace at an historic joint prayer meeting at the Vatican. ](/news/2014/06/8/pope-francis-urges-president-shimon-peres-of-israel-and-president-mahmoud-abbas-of-palestine-to-work-for-peace-at-an-historic-joint-prayer-m.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas_
10. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah and urges him to restart peace talks, before holding talks with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ](/news/2013/04/8/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-ramallah-and-urges-him-to-restart-peace-t.md) _Context: Israel, Mahmoud Abbas_
