### [2007-06-19](/news/2007/06/19/index.md)

#  After Senegal's parliamentary elections, Macky Sall resigns as Prime Minister and President Abdoulaye Wade appoints former Deputy Minister for the Budget Cheikh Hadjibou Soumar in his stead.




### Related:

1. [Macky Sall, former Prime Minister under Abdoulaye Wade's administration, is elected President of Senegal. ](/news/2012/03/26/macky-sall-former-prime-minister-under-abdoulaye-wade-s-administration-is-elected-president-of-senegal.md) _Context: Abdoulaye Wade, Macky Sall, Prime Minister of Senegal, Senegal_
2. [ Voters in Senegal go to the polls to elect their next president, with incumbent Abdoulaye Wade facing a range of challengers including two former Prime Ministers: Moustapha Niasse and Idrissa Seck. ](/news/2007/02/25/voters-in-senegal-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-their-next-president-with-incumbent-abdoulaye-wade-facing-a-range-of-challengers-including-two.md) _Context: Abdoulaye Wade, President, Prime Minister of Senegal, Senegal_
3. [Voters in Senegal elect all 165 members of their National Assembly, with former President Abdoulaye Wade leading a coalition against the incumbent Macky Sall's United in Hope coalition. ](/news/2017/07/30/voters-in-senegal-elect-all-165-members-of-their-national-assembly-with-former-president-abdoulaye-wade-leading-a-coalition-against-the-inc.md) _Context: Abdoulaye Wade, Macky Sall, Senegal_
4. [Voters in Senegal go to the polls for a runoff in the presidential election with reports indicating that challenger Macky Sall has defeated incumbent Abdoulaye Wade. ](/news/2012/03/25/voters-in-senegal-go-to-the-polls-for-a-runoff-in-the-presidential-election-with-reports-indicating-that-challenger-macky-sall-has-defeated.md) _Context: Abdoulaye Wade, Macky Sall, Senegal_
5. [ Senegalese election officials confirm that Abdoulaye Wade has been re-elected as the President of Senegal. ](/news/2007/03/1/senegalese-election-officials-confirm-that-abdoulaye-wade-has-been-re-elected-as-the-president-of-senegal.md) _Context: Abdoulaye Wade, President, Senegal_
6. [Senegal's president Macky Sall appoints his close aid Mohammed Ben Abdallah Dionne as the third prime minister in Sall's time in office, following the resignation of Aminata Toure. ](/news/2014/07/7/senegal-s-president-macky-sall-appoints-his-close-aid-mohammed-ben-abdallah-dionne-as-the-third-prime-minister-in-sall-s-time-in-office-fol.md) _Context: Macky Sall, Senegal_
7. [Police shoot and kill two people in Podor during protests over a decision by the Constitutional Council that President of Senegal Abdoulaye Wade can run for re-election. ](/news/2012/01/30/police-shoot-and-kill-two-people-in-podor-during-protests-over-a-decision-by-the-constitutional-council-that-president-of-senegal-abdoulaye.md) _Context: Abdoulaye Wade, Senegal_
8. [Fires rage through Dakar after Senegal's top court rules that President Abdoulaye Wade can run for a third term in office next month and prevents his best-known opponent, Grammy Award-winning musician Youssou N'Dour, from running against him. ](/news/2012/01/28/fires-rage-through-dakar-after-senegal-s-top-court-rules-that-president-abdoulaye-wade-can-run-for-a-third-term-in-office-next-month-and-pre.md) _Context: Abdoulaye Wade, Senegal_
9. [Senegal bans demonstrations in the capital Dakar ahead of planned opposition protests against the regime of President Abdoulaye Wade. ](/news/2011/07/21/senegal-bans-demonstrations-in-the-capital-dakar-ahead-of-planned-opposition-protests-against-the-regime-of-president-abdoulaye-wade.md) _Context: Abdoulaye Wade, Senegal_
10. [Senegal enters eight days of national mourning as President Abdoulaye Wade swears allegiance to the new Grand Marabout of the Mourides following the death of his predecessor, Serigne Mouhamadou Lamine Bara Mbacke. ](/news/2010/07/2/senegal-enters-eight-days-of-national-mourning-as-president-abdoulaye-wade-swears-allegiance-to-the-new-grand-marabout-of-the-mourides-follo.md) _Context: Abdoulaye Wade, Senegal_
