### [2014-10-26](/news/2014/10/26/index.md)

# Sinai Insurgency. The Egyptian government closes the Rafah border crossing with Gaza and will set up a buffer zone after a series of attacks which were reported to have been launched using smuggling tunnels from Gaza. 

Egyptian report claims perpetrators of Friday attack on army post in Sinai that killed 30 troops arrived via Gaza tunnel


### Source:

1. [Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/egypt-said-to-set-up-buffer-zone-with-gaza-strip/)

### Related:

1. [Sinai insurgency. Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel, security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/sinai-insurgency-four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Rafah, Sinai insurgency_
2. [Sinai insurgency. The Islamic State of Iraq and Greater Syria (ISIS) has claimed that it sank an Egyptian patrol boat in the Mediterranean, just off the coast of Rafah. The Egyptian military claimed the ship sank from a fire not caused by attacks. ](/news/2015/07/16/sinai-insurgency-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-greater-syria-isis-has-claimed-that-it-sank-an-egyptian-patrol-boat-in-the-mediterranean.md) _Context: Egypt, Rafah, Sinai insurgency_
3. [Egypt opens its border with the Gaza Strip temporarily for the first time in months. Egypt blames Hamas for the Sinai insurgency. ](/news/2015/06/13/egypt-opens-its-border-with-the-gaza-strip-temporarily-for-the-first-time-in-months-egypt-blames-hamas-for-the-sinai-insurgency.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Sinai insurgency_
4. [Sinai insurgency. Egypt declares a three month state of emergency for parts of the Sinai Peninsula after at least 31 soldiers are killed in two attacks there. ](/news/2014/10/25/sinai-insurgency-egypt-declares-a-three-month-state-of-emergency-for-parts-of-the-sinai-peninsula-after-at-least-31-soldiers-are-killed-in.md) _Context: Egypt, Sinai insurgency, recent attacks_
5. [Sinai insurgency:. Two suicide bombers ram a car with explosives. Egyptian military says one hit the local branch of military intelligence, while the other struck an army checkpoint in Rafah killing nine soldiers and wounding 17 others. ](/news/2013/09/11/sinai-insurgency-two-suicide-bombers-ram-a-car-with-explosives-egyptian-military-says-one-hit-the-local-branch-of-military-intelligence.md) _Context: Egypt, Rafah, Sinai insurgency_
6. [In response to the mortars fired into Israel that hit a government building, Israeli warplanes bomb smuggling tunnels between Egypt and the Gaza Strip, with one person being wounded in an air attack in Rafah. ](/news/2010/06/25/in-response-to-the-mortars-fired-into-israel-that-hit-a-government-building-israeli-warplanes-bomb-smuggling-tunnels-between-egypt-and-the.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Rafah_
7. [Middle East:. Israeli warplanes bomb a smuggling tunnel east of Rafah in the southern Gaza Strip in an early morning raid close to the Egyptian border in response to a Palestinian rocket attack which landed in an open area south of the city of Ashkelon, causing no damage or casualties. ](/news/2010/03/22/middle-east-israeli-warplanes-bomb-a-smuggling-tunnel-east-of-rafah-in-the-southern-gaza-strip-in-an-early-morning-raid-close-to-the-egypt.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Rafah_
8. [ Thousands of Palestinians flee into Egypt, as the border wall with Gaza in Rafah is blown up by militants. ](/news/2008/01/23/thousands-of-palestinians-flee-into-egypt-as-the-border-wall-with-gaza-in-rafah-is-blown-up-by-militants.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Rafah_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):. About 1500 of Palestinian people cross the Gaza-Egypt border after Palestinian militants attack Egyptian policemen stationed at Rafah border terminal, blowing a hole in the wall near it. ](/news/2006/07/14/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-about-1500-of-palestinian-people-cross-the-gaza-egypt-border-after-palestinian-mili.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Rafah_
10. [ Conflict in Iraq:. Four Westerners have been kidnapped in Iraq while in Baghdad. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4476276.stm (BBC)]. Former Philippine election official Virgilio Garcillano reappeared before Philippine media after 5 months of his disappearance. [http://news.inq7.net/nation/index.php?index=1&story_id=57970 -Philippine Daily Inquirer]. The Rafah crossing linking the Gaza Strip and Egypt turns over to Palestinian control for the first time. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/4472312.stm (BBC)]. An earthquake measuring 5.5 on the moment magnitude scale hits the area near Ruichang, Jiangxi in China, killing more than 14. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/asia-pacific/4472582.stm (BBC)] [http://earthquake.usgs.gov/recenteqsww/Quakes/usfwbf.htm (USGS)]. Vijaypat Singhania of India sets a world record for highest hot air balloon flight, reaching 69,852 feet (20.29 km). [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20051126/ap_on_re_as/india_hot_air_balloon;_ylt=AiKTQ2LiysHz5OV8J8s91ZsPLBIF;_ylu=X3oDMTA5aHJvMDdwBHNlYwN5bmNhdA-- (AP)]. The British government suppresses further details of the Bush/Blair memo. (WikiNews)](/news/2005/11/26/conflict-in-iraq-four-westerners-have-been-kidnapped-in-iraq-while-in-baghdad-http-news-bbc-co-uk-2-hi-middle_east-4476276-stm-bbc.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza Strip, Rafah_
