### [2006-11-19](/news/2006/11/19/index.md)

#  2006 Tonga riots: A leader of the Tongan pro-democracy movement, MP Akilisi Pohiva, criticises the intervention of Australian and New Zealand peacekeepers following riots. 




### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/newsitems/200611/s1792095.htm)

### Related:

1. [ 2006 Tonga riots:. About 150 soldiers and police officers from Australia and New Zealand have arrived in Tonga following an appeal for help to restore order after riots. ](/news/2006/11/18/2006-tonga-riots-about-150-soldiers-and-police-officers-from-australia-and-new-zealand-have-arrived-in-tonga-following-an-appeal-for-help.md) _Context: 2006 riots, Australia, New Zealand, Tonga_
2. [ 2006 Tonga riots:. Australian and New Zealand military forces are on standby to fly to Tonga following riots in the Tongan capital Nuku'alofa yesterday. Eight people died in the riots. The Tongan government declares a state of emergency and passes emergency laws giving security forces the right to stop and search people without a warrant. ](/news/2006/11/17/2006-tonga-riots-australian-and-new-zealand-military-forces-are-on-standby-to-fly-to-tonga-following-riots-in-the-tongan-capital-nuku-alo.md) _Context: 2006 riots, Australia, New Zealand, Tonga_
3. [A passenger bus carrying 46 people, mostly school groups from Tonga, crashes in the Gisborne Region of New Zealand, approximately 30 kilometers south of the city of Gisborne. Two people died while several were injured, with some still hospitalized. ](/news/2016/12/24/a-passenger-bus-carrying-46-people-mostly-school-groups-from-tonga-crashes-in-the-gisborne-region-of-new-zealand-approximately-30-kilomet.md) _Context: New Zealand, Tonga_
4. [The Rhode Island Marine Architecture Project claims to have found the wreckage of HMS "Endeavour" used by Royal Navy Lieutenant James Cook on his voyage to Australia, New Zealand and Tahiti between 1768 and 1771. The ship was scuttled in 1778 in Newport Harbor ahead of the Battle of Rhode Island in the American War of Independence. ](/news/2016/05/3/the-rhode-island-marine-architecture-project-claims-to-have-found-the-wreckage-of-hms-endeavour-used-by-royal-navy-lieutenant-james-cook-o.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand_
5. [Australian electronics retailer Dick Smith, placed in administration by creditors in January, will close 301 stores in Australia and 62 in New Zealand with nearly 3000 people to lose their jobs. ](/news/2016/02/25/australian-electronics-retailer-dick-smith-placed-in-administration-by-creditors-in-january-will-close-301-stores-in-australia-and-62-in-n.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand_
6. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood. ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand_
7. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand_
8. [Gallipoli Landing 100th anniversary. Attendances at services to commemorate Anzac Day break attendance records in Australia and New Zealand. ](/news/2015/04/25/gallipoli-landing-100th-anniversary-attendances-at-services-to-commemorate-anzac-day-break-attendance-records-in-australia-and-new-zealand.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand_
9. [The United States Congress negotiates a deal to fast track the Trans-Pacific Partnership between the US and Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/04/16/the-united-states-congress-negotiates-a-deal-to-fast-track-the-trans-pacific-partnership-between-the-us-and-australia-brunei-canada-chile.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand_
10. [The Rolling Stones postpone their tours of Australia and New Zealand following the death of Mick Jagger's girlfriend L'Wren Scott. ](/news/2014/03/18/the-rolling-stones-postpone-their-tours-of-australia-and-new-zealand-following-the-death-of-mick-jagger-s-girlfriend-l-wren-scott.md) _Context: Australia, New Zealand_
