### [2006-11-19](/news/2006/11/19/index.md)

#  Muslim women in New York City want to start a Koran council to interpret strict sharia law. 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/articlenews.aspx?type=domesticNews&storyID=2006-11-19T162228Z_01_N18179534_RTRUKOC_0_US-RELIGION-ISLAM-WOMEN.xml)

### Related:

1. [Two men are stabbed to death in a train in Portland, Oregon, after they attempt to intervene while a man shouts racial slurs at two Muslim teenage girls. ](/news/2017/05/26/two-men-are-stabbed-to-death-in-a-train-in-portland-oregon-after-they-attempt-to-intervene-while-a-man-shouts-racial-slurs-at-two-muslim-t.md) _Context: Muslim_
2. [An automobile crashes into pedestrians in New York City's Times Square, killing one person and injuring several others. Police are investigating the incident as an accident. ](/news/2017/05/18/an-automobile-crashes-into-pedestrians-in-new-york-city-s-times-square-killing-one-person-and-injuring-several-others-police-are-investiga.md) _Context: New York City_
3. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Muslim_
4. [Amtrak Police taser a man at New York's Penn Station after the man allegedly became agitated due to a delayed train. Bystanders, falsely believing a shooting had occurred, caused a stampede, injuring more than a dozen people. ](/news/2017/04/14/amtrak-police-taser-a-man-at-new-york-s-penn-station-after-the-man-allegedly-became-agitated-due-to-a-delayed-train-bystanders-falsely-bel.md) _Context: New York City_
5. [New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio announces that he is developing a plan to close the Rikers Island prison within 10 years. ](/news/2017/03/31/new-york-city-mayor-bill-de-blasio-announces-that-he-is-developing-a-plan-to-close-the-rikers-island-prison-within-10-years.md) _Context: New York City_
6. [Russia's Permanent Representative to the United Nations Vitaly Churkin dies suddenly in New York City. He would have turned 65 on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/02/20/russia-s-permanent-representative-to-the-united-nations-vitaly-churkin-dies-suddenly-in-new-york-city-he-would-have-turned-65-on-tuesday.md) _Context: New York City_
7. [Authorities seek three men after they rob $6 million on New Year's Eve from the offices of high-end jewelry designer Gregg Ruth in New York City. ](/news/2017/01/1/authorities-seek-three-men-after-they-rob-6-million-on-new-year-s-eve-from-the-offices-of-high-end-jewelry-designer-gregg-ruth-in-new-york.md) _Context: New York City_
8. [Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country,  and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor   Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight  and end the violence.   Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the  Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on  sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-in-the-predominatel.md) _Context: Muslim_
9. [The Government of Malaysia claims that violence against Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority is "ethnic cleansing" ahead of a march in Kuala Lumpur led by Prime Minister Najib Razak. ](/news/2016/12/3/the-government-of-malaysia-claims-that-violence-against-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-is-ethnic-cleansing-ahead-of-a-march-in-kuala-l.md) _Context: Muslim_
10. [Approximately 200,000 Muslims protest in the Indonesian capital Jakarta against the Governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama for alleged blasphemy. This is the second mass protest in a month against the minority Christian governor. ](/news/2016/12/2/approximately-200-000-muslims-protest-in-the-indonesian-capital-jakarta-against-the-governor-basuki-tjahaja-purnama-for-alleged-blasphemy-t.md) _Context: Muslim_
