### [2006-11-19](/news/2006/11/19/index.md)

#  Somali Civil War: UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan warns Somalia's neighbours to stay out, as UN experts paint an alarming picture of foreign and extremist intervention in a nation on the brink of all-out war that could engulf the Horn of Africa. 




### Source:

1. [allAfrica](http://allafrica.com/stories/200611190005.html)

### Related:

1. [ U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan appoints former Mozambican President Joaquim Chissano as the new United Nations-envoy to negotiations between the Government of Uganda and the Lord's Resistance Army, a rebel paramilitary group. ](/news/2006/12/5/u-n-secretary-general-kofi-annan-appoints-former-mozambican-president-joaquim-chissano-as-the-new-united-nations-envoy-to-negotiations-bet.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
2. [ South Korean Ban Ki-moon is nominated to succeed Kofi Annan as the United Nations Secretary-General in an affirmation vote by the Security Council. A confirmation vote by the General Assembly is expected within the next fortnight. ](/news/2006/10/9/south-korean-ban-ki-moon-is-nominated-to-succeed-kofi-annan-as-the-united-nations-secretary-general-in-an-affirmation-vote-by-the-security.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
3. [ Ban Ki-Moon is elected to be the eighth Secretary-General of the United Nations, to succeed Kofi Annan in January 2007. ](/news/2006/10/13/ban-ki-moon-is-elected-to-be-the-eighth-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-to-succeed-kofi-annan-in-january-2007.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
4. [ Darfur conflict: United Nations secretary general Kofi Annan warns that the security situation in Darfur is deteriorating. ](/news/2005/01/10/darfur-conflict-united-nations-secretary-general-kofi-annan-warns-that-the-security-situation-in-darfur-is-deteriorating.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
5. [ United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan calls upon African Union leaders to take action to resolve the crisis in Darfur where an estimated 30,000 black Sudanese have been killed by Sudanese Arabs in cultural and racial strife. ](/news/2004/07/6/united-nations-secretary-general-kofi-annan-calls-upon-african-union-leaders-to-take-action-to-resolve-the-crisis-in-darfur-where-an-estima.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
6. [The Iraq Interim Governing Council announces the creation of a war crimes tribunal, to prosecute crimes against humanity committed under the Ba'ath Party rgime (14 July 1968 to 1 May 2003). [http://www.ajc.com/news/content/news/ap/ap_story.html/Intl/AP.V9823.AP-Iraq.html] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3306605.stm]The European Commission announces it will investigate whether exclusion of Iraq war opponents from industrial contracts to rebuild the country constitutes a violation of WTO rules by the U.S. [http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml;jsessionid=GGH0V1F5OSAHOCRBAE0CFFA?type=worldNews&storyID=419989&section=news] UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan condemns the "divisive" exclusion. [http://sify.com/news/international/fullstory.php?id=13331865]The People's Republic of China urges Japan not to send Japan Self-Defense Forces to Iraq.[http://famulus.msnbc.com/FamulusIntl/reuters12-10-182227.asp]](/news/2003/12/10/the-iraq-interim-governing-council-announces-the-creation-of-a-war-crimes-tribunal-to-prosecute-crimes-against-humanity-committed-under-the.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
7. [ United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan holds talks with Bolivia's President Carlos Mesa, Cabinet, indigenous leaders, and local UN staff during the final leg of his South American tour. The visit came several weeks after the tumultuous Bolivian Gas War forced the previous president out of office.](/news/2003/11/13/united-nations-secretary-general-kofi-annan-holds-talks-with-bolivia-s-president-carlos-mesa-cabinet-indigenous-leaders-and-local-un-sta.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
8. [ Peace: United Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan rings the Japanese Peace Bell, marking International Day of Peace at United Nations Headquarters in New York, cautioning that for some, the direst threat to peace was terrorism and weapons of mass destruction, while for others it was poverty, disease, deprivation, and civil war.](/news/2003/09/19/peace-united-nations-secretary-general-kofi-annan-rings-the-japanese-peace-bell-marking-international-day-of-peace-at-united-nations-head.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, United Nations, United Nations Secretary-General_
9. [At least 110 people have died of starvation in the drought-hit region of Bay, Somalia, in the past 48 hours, according to Prime Minister Hassan Ali Khayre. This comes as the United Nations and various non-governmental organizations are warning of potential famine in the country. ](/news/2017/03/4/at-least-110-people-have-died-of-starvation-in-the-drought-hit-region-of-bay-somalia-in-the-past-48-hours-according-to-prime-minister-has.md) _Context: Somalia, United Nations_
10. [The United Nations and various humanitarian groups call on the international community to help prevent a possible famine in Somalia as rising food prices and drought have left over six million people at risk of starvation. ](/news/2017/02/3/the-united-nations-and-various-humanitarian-groups-call-on-the-international-community-to-help-prevent-a-possible-famine-in-somalia-as-risin.md) _Context: Somalia, United Nations_
