### [2006-11-19](/news/2006/11/19/index.md)

#  Suspected assassination plot: Alexander Litvinenko, a former Russian spy who defected to Britain six years ago, is fighting for his life in a London hospital after being poisoned with polonium-210 in a sushi bar. 

News and opinion from The Times &amp; The Sunday Times


### Source:

1. [The Sunday Times](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/article/0,,2089-2460129,00.html)
1. [Cover Image](/d/778/img/dual-masthead-placeholder-16x9.png)

### Related:

1. [ Russia says that it will launch a criminal case against Andrei Lugovoi if the United Kingdom provides it with convincing evidence of Lugovoi's involvement in the murder of Alexander Litvinenko. ](/news/2007/08/3/russia-says-that-it-will-launch-a-criminal-case-against-andrei-lugovoi-if-the-united-kingdom-provides-it-with-convincing-evidence-of-lugovo.md) _Context: Alexander Litvinenko, Russia, United Kingdom_
2. [ Britain expels four Russian diplomats and suspends visa negotiations over Russia's failure to extradite Andrei Lugovoy in connection with the murder of Alexander Litvinenko. ](/news/2007/07/16/britain-expels-four-russian-diplomats-and-suspends-visa-negotiations-over-russia-s-failure-to-extradite-andrei-lugovoy-in-connection-with-t.md) _Context: Alexander Litvinenko, Russia, United Kingdom_
3. [ Alexander Litvinenko poisoning: Traces of polonium-210 have been found in a second restaurant in London. The Health Protection Agency had been monitoring the establishment in connection with the Alexander Litvinenko assassination. ](/news/2007/01/5/alexander-litvinenko-poisoning-traces-of-polonium-210-have-been-found-in-a-second-restaurant-in-london-the-health-protection-agency-had-b.md) _Context: Alexander Litvinenko, London, polonium-210_
4. [ London police are examining whether the killers of Alexander Litvinenko also tried to poison Mario Scaramella, an Italian security expert who met the Russian exile on the day that he fell ill. ](/news/2006/12/2/london-police-are-examining-whether-the-killers-of-alexander-litvinenko-also-tried-to-poison-mario-scaramella-an-italian-security-expert-w.md) _Context: Alexander Litvinenko, London, Russia_
5. [ Alexander Litvinenko, the Russian ex-spy poisoned in London last weekend, dies. He had previously been put on a ventilator after suffering a heart failure, while objects discovered in his body when he was x-rayed are not a "major concern", doctors say. ](/news/2006/11/23/alexander-litvinenko-the-russian-ex-spy-poisoned-in-london-last-weekend-dies-he-had-previously-been-put-on-a-ventilator-after-suffering.md) _Context: Alexander Litvinenko, London, Russia_
6. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: Russia, United Kingdom_
7. [Air China receives criticism in the United Kingdom after it releases an advertisement warning passengers from visiting areas of London populated by blacks, Indians and Pakistanis. ](/news/2016/09/7/air-china-receives-criticism-in-the-united-kingdom-after-it-releases-an-advertisement-warning-passengers-from-visiting-areas-of-london-popul.md) _Context: London, United Kingdom_
8. [AMC Theatres is purchasing London-based Odeon & UCI Cinemas Group in a deal valued at about GBP921 million ($1.21 billion). AMC has 385 theaters with 5,380 screens, most in the United States. Odeon & UCI has 242 theaters and 2,236 screens in the U.K. and Ireland. AMC noted its $1.1 billion (GBP835 million) acquisition of Columbus, Georgia's Carmike Cinemas (276 thrs/2,954 scrs) is still in the works. ](/news/2016/07/12/amc-theatres-is-purchasing-london-based-odeon-uci-cinemas-group-in-a-deal-valued-at-about-agbp921-million-1-21-billion-amc-has-385-the.md) _Context: London, United Kingdom_
9. [A Spanish judge issues an arrest warrant for various individuals with links to organized crime from Russia. The list also includes former and current officials of the Russian government with close links to Russian President Vladimir Putin. Prominent officials include former Defense Minister Anatoliy Serdyukov and former Prime Minister Viktor Zubkov. The charges range from money laundering to assassination. ](/news/2016/05/3/a-spanish-judge-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-various-individuals-with-links-to-organized-crime-from-russia-the-list-also-includes-former-an.md) _Context: Russia, assassinated_
10. [U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's "Daily Telegraph", urges Britons to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to-keep-the-u-k-in-the-european-union-tomorrow-obam.md) _Context: London, United Kingdom_
