### [2006-11-19](/news/2006/11/19/index.md)

#  The 2006 meeting of the G20 industrial nations in Melbourne ends, with discussions centering on the global economy and climate change. Protesters clash with police during the event. 

The Age 404 Page


### Source:

1. [The Age - discussions](http://www.theage.com.au/news/National/Economy-climate-dominate-G20-talks/2006/11/18/1163266814341.html)
2. [The Age - protests](http://www.theage.com.au/news/national/protests-fizzle-as-g20-ends/2006/11/19/1163871250442.html)

### Related:

1. [Pope Francis encourages bishops from around the world to sign an appeal to world leaders, meeting in Paris next month, for crucial climate change talks. In a major teaching document in June, the encyclical Laudato Si' (Latin: Praised be), Francis denounced what he called the -structurally perverse- fossil fuel-based world economy that exploits the poor and destroys the habitability of the Earth for humans. ](/news/2015/10/19/pope-francis-encourages-bishops-from-around-the-world-to-sign-an-appeal-to-world-leaders-meeting-in-paris-next-month-for-crucial-climate-c.md) _Context: climate change, world economy_
2. [Scientists warn that a massive release of methane resulting from Arctic sea ice decline could cause significant global disruption, potentially costing the world economy an extra US$ 60 trillion to $400 trillion from the effects of global warming and climate change. The full impact of climate change in the Arctic, including, for example, ocean acidification, and altered ocean and atmospheric circulation, will be much greater.](/news/2013/07/24/scientists-warn-that-a-massive-release-of-methane-resulting-from-arctic-sea-ice-decline-could-cause-significant-global-disruption-potential.md) _Context: climate change, world economy_
3. [2017 G20 Hamburg summit. The summit announces it is unable to gain agreement on climate change between the United States and the other 19 members of this international forum. ](/news/2017/07/8/2017-g20-hamburg-summit-the-summit-announces-it-is-unable-to-gain-agreement-on-climate-change-between-the-united-states-and-the-other-19-me.md) _Context: climate change_
4. [2017 Brighton siege. In Brighton, a suburb of Melbourne, Australia, a gunman kills one man and holds one woman hostage before he is shot dead by Victoria Police. The incident is being treated as an act of terrorism. Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant has claimed responsibility for the attack but Victoria Police claim that there is little evidence to suggest a connection. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-brighton-siege-in-brighton-a-suburb-of-melbourne-australia-a-gunman-kills-one-man-and-holds-one-woman-hostage-before-he-is-shot-dea.md) _Context: Melbourne_
5. [People's Climate March. Tens of thousands of people protest in Washington, D.C. to bring awareness to climate change. ](/news/2017/04/29/people-s-climate-march-tens-of-thousands-of-people-protest-in-washington-d-c-to-bring-awareness-to-climate-change.md) _Context: climate change_
6. [List of executive actions by Donald Trump. U.S. President Trump signs an executive order undoing former President Obama's climate change policies. ](/news/2017/03/28/list-of-executive-actions-by-donald-trump-u-s-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-undoing-former-president-obama-s-climate-change-pol.md) _Context: climate change_
7. [2017 Essendon Airport Beechcraft King Air crash. A charter plane crashes into a Direct Factory Outlets shopping centre in Melbourne, Australia, shortly after taking off from Essendon Airport, killing the five people on board. ](/news/2017/02/21/2017-essendon-airport-beechcraft-king-air-crash-a-charter-plane-crashes-into-a-direct-factory-outlets-shopping-centre-in-melbourne-austral.md) _Context: Melbourne_
8. [Three people have been killed and twenty injured after a man drives a car into the Bourke Street Mall in the CBD of the Australian city Melbourne. A man has been arrested and Victoria Police say the incident is not terror related. In the next few weeks, the death toll would rise to 6.](/news/2017/01/20/three-people-have-been-killed-and-twenty-injured-after-a-man-drives-a-car-into-the-bourke-street-mall-in-the-cbd-of-the-australian-city-melb.md) _Context: Melbourne_
9. [Terrorism in Australia. Australian police raid several Melbourne properties and arrest seven Arab Australian men, who were believed to be plotting a terrorist attack on several sites in Melbourne for Christmas Day. ](/news/2016/12/23/terrorism-in-australia-australian-police-raid-several-melbourne-properties-and-arrest-seven-arab-australian-men-who-were-believed-to-be-pl.md) _Context: Melbourne_
10. [The death toll from an outbreak of thunderstorm asthma on 21 November in the Australian city of Melbourne reaches 6. Three others are in a critical condition. ](/news/2016/11/27/the-death-toll-from-an-outbreak-of-thunderstorm-asthma-on-21-november-in-the-australian-city-of-melbourne-reaches-6-three-others-are-in-a-c.md) _Context: Melbourne_
