### [2006-11-19](/news/2006/11/19/index.md)

#  The annual APEC meeting in Hanoi concludes with a call for the resumption of World Trade Organization talks, but references to climate change were removed from the final statement. 




### Source:

1. [International Herald-Tribune](http://www.iht.com/articles/ap/2006/11/19/asia/AS_GEN_APEC_Leaders_Declaration.php)

### Related:

1. [ APEC: Leaders at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation meeting in Sydney considers an aspirational climate change target of a 25% reduction in greenhouse gas emissions by 2030. ](/news/2007/09/8/apec-leaders-at-the-asia-pacific-economic-cooperation-meeting-in-sydney-considers-an-aspirational-climate-change-target-of-a-25-reduction.md) _Context: Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation, climate change_
2. [ President of the United States George W. Bush and Prime Minister of Australia John Howard discuss Iraq strategy over lunch. The two leaders are attending an Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation meeting in Hanoi. ](/news/2006/11/17/president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-and-prime-minister-of-australia-john-howard-discuss-iraq-strategy-over-lunch-the-two-leaders.md) _Context: Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation, Hanoi_
3. [2017 G20 Hamburg summit: The summit announces it is unable to gain agreement on climate change between the United States and the other 19 members of this international forum. ](/news/2017/07/8/2017-g20-hamburg-summit-the-summit-announces-it-is-unable-to-gain-agreement-on-climate-change-between-the-united-states-and-the-other-19-me.md) _Context: climate change_
4. [2017 Qatar crisis: Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/2017-qatar-crisis-qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt.md) _Context: World Trade Organization_
5. [People's Climate March: Tens of thousands of people protest in Washington, D.C. to bring awareness to climate change. ](/news/2017/04/29/people-s-climate-march-tens-of-thousands-of-people-protest-in-washington-d-c-to-bring-awareness-to-climate-change.md) _Context: climate change_
6. [List of executive actions by Donald Trump: U.S. President Trump signs an executive order undoing former President Obama's climate change policies. ](/news/2017/03/28/list-of-executive-actions-by-donald-trump-u-s-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-undoing-former-president-obama-s-climate-change-pol.md) _Context: climate change_
7. [Russia-United States relations: APEC Peru 2016: President Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin meet in Peru on the sidelines of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation conference to discuss involvement in the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2016/11/21/russia-united-states-relations-apec-peru-2016-president-barack-obama-and-vladimir-putin-meet-in-peru-on-the-sidelines-of-the-asia-pacifi.md) _Context: Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation_
8. [A fire at a karaoke bar in Hanoi's Cau GiCNYy district kills 13 people. ](/news/2016/11/1/a-fire-at-a-karaoke-bar-in-hanoi-s-caossu-giaocnyy-district-kills-13-people.md) _Context: Hanoi_
9. [Applications of nanotechnology: While attempting to create a nanotechnology-based, catalyst-mediated series of chemical reactions to turn carbon dioxide (C|O|2) (a greenhouse gas) into a usable fuel, scientists at the Department of Energy-s Oak Ridge National Laboratory instead discover a single-step process using the surface area of tiny spikes of copper and carbon as a catalyst to turn carbon dioxide into ethanol (C|H|3|C|H|2|O|H). The reaction may serve as a method to alleviate possible climate change by both decreasing C|O|2 in the atmosphere and by using the ethanol as an additive to fuels to increase efficiency and thereby decrease consumption. ](/news/2016/10/18/applications-of-nanotechnology-while-attempting-to-create-a-nanotechnology-based-catalyst-mediated-series-of-chemical-reactions-to-turn-ca.md) _Context: climate change_
10. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea, "Philippines v. China": Vietnamese police bus away about two dozen would-be protestors who gathered at Hoan Kiem Lake in central Hanoi to rally in support of the Permanent Court of Arbitration's South China Sea decision, and against China's rejection of the tribunal's ruling. This preemptive action, in effect, squashed the No-U group protest. ](/news/2016/07/17/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-philippines-v-china-vietnamese-police-bus-away-about-two-dozen-would-be-protestors-who-gath.md) _Context: Hanoi_
