### [2015-11-30](/news/2015/11/30/index.md)

# A Russian Airborne Troops spokesman says the VDV is planning to expand their military exercises into the North Pole area of the Arctic in 2016. 

Russian Airborne Troops are planning to expand their military exercises into the North Pole in 2016.


### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Business_News/Security-Industry/2015/11/30/Russian-airborne-forces-to-hold-exercises-in-the-Arctic/2831448902143/?spt=rln&or=2)

### Related:

1. [The freak weather system responsible for heavy rain and tornadoes in the U.S., and high winds and rainfall in the British Isles, also has impacted the Arctic where the average winter temperature is normally around -20 F. Temperatures around the North Pole have surpassed the 32 F threshold for a brief moment, according to the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's Ocean Prediction Center, which is 50 F-change higher than usual for December. ](/news/2015/12/30/the-freak-weather-system-responsible-for-heavy-rain-and-tornadoes-in-the-u-s-and-high-winds-and-rainfall-in-the-british-isles-also-has-im.md) _Context: Arctic, North Pole_
2. [ Stephen Harper, the Prime Minister of Canada tours the Arctic regions of Canada to assert wider claims of sovereignty over the region following a recent claim by Russia to the North Pole. ](/news/2007/08/9/stephen-harper-the-prime-minister-of-canada-tours-the-arctic-regions-of-canada-to-assert-wider-claims-of-sovereignty-over-the-region-follo.md) _Context: Arctic, North Pole_
3. [ 2007 Russian North Pole expedition: A Russian expedition with the aim of claiming petroleum beneath the Arctic reaches the North Pole. ](/news/2007/08/1/2007-russian-north-pole-expedition-a-russian-expedition-with-the-aim-of-claiming-petroleum-beneath-the-arctic-reaches-the-north-pole.md) _Context: Arctic, North Pole_
4. [ Leading climatologists warn that most of the Arctic ice will have melted by 2040 and the North Pole will be open water. ](/news/2006/12/12/leading-climatologists-warn-that-most-of-the-arctic-ice-will-have-melted-by-2040-and-the-north-pole-will-be-open-water.md) _Context: Arctic, North Pole_
5. [Russia and Belarus begin a six-day joint strategic military exercise inside Belarus and Russia's Kaliningrad Oblast. The military exercise simulates war against the fictional state of Veyshnoria. According to the Defence Ministry of Belarus, fewer than 13,000 personnel will be taking part in the exercise; however, Western analysts believe the total number will range from 60,000 to 100,000. ](/news/2017/09/14/russia-and-belarus-begin-a-six-day-joint-strategic-military-exercise-inside-belarus-and-russia-s-kaliningrad-oblast-the-military-exercise-s.md) _Context: military exercise_
6. [ The Venezuelan Army holds the biggest military exercise in its history, citing threats to national security, amidst opposition demands of a recall referendum on President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/05/21/the-venezuelan-army-holds-the-biggest-military-exercise-in-its-history-citing-threats-to-national-security-amidst-opposition-demands-of-a.md) _Context: military exercise_
7. [China stages joint war games featuring mock beach landing, helicopter assaults and tank battles along its east coast, just days before the inauguration of Taiwanese president Tsai Ing-Wen. ](/news/2016/05/18/china-stages-joint-war-games-featuring-mock-beach-landing-helicopter-assaults-and-tank-battles-along-its-east-coast-just-days-before-the-i.md) _Context: military exercise_
8. [An avalanche in Svalbard, a Norwegian Arctic archipelago, kills one and injures nine others as the snow smashes into 10 houses in Longyearbyen. The deluge from Sukkertoppen mountain follows Friday's 60 mph storm that ripped off a school roof and temporarily closed the airport. Dozens of homes at the foot of the mountain were evacuated and all of the area's residents have been located, according to Tone Hertzberg, a spokeswoman for Svalbard's governor. Experts from Norges Geotekniske Institutt are examining nearby slopes. ](/news/2015/12/20/an-avalanche-in-svalbard-a-norwegian-arctic-archipelago-kills-one-and-injures-nine-others-as-the-snow-smashes-into-10-houses-in-longyearby.md) _Context: Arctic_
9. [Elements from the maritime forces of India, Japan, and the United States engage in joint military exercises in the Bay of Bengal. ](/news/2015/10/19/elements-from-the-maritime-forces-of-india-japan-and-the-united-states-engage-in-joint-military-exercises-in-the-bay-of-bengal.md) _Context: military exercise_
10. [The United States cancels two potential Arctic lease sales off Alaska's northern coast, and announces Shell and Statoil current leases will not be extended because of "current market conditions and low industry interest." ](/news/2015/10/17/the-united-states-cancels-two-potential-arctic-lease-sales-off-alaska-s-northern-coast-and-announces-shell-and-statoil-current-leases-will.md) _Context: Arctic_
