### [2015-11-30](/news/2015/11/30/index.md)

# A UNICEF report finds AIDS is now the leading cause of death for African teenagers and the second most common killer for adolescents across the globe. While the Asia Pacific region has seen a 31 percent drop in new HIV infections, and 28 percent decline in AIDS-related deaths, the estimated number of adolescents dying of AIDS in the region has more than doubled since 2005. Tomorrow is World Aids Day. 

By Alisa TangBANGKOK (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - The estimated number of adolescents dying of AIDS in the Asia Pacific region has more than double


### Source:

1. [AP via The Huffington Post](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/aids-is-leading-cause-of-death-for-african-teens-un_565c6d17e4b08e945febb3e6)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/30/us-asiapac-aids-youth-idUSKBN0TJ21V20151130#94ZJ9ttWCqwmUYeC.97)

### Related:

1. [Epidemiology of HIV/AIDS. According to the United Nations, the Philippines has the largest increase in HIV/AIDS in the Asia Pacific region with about a 140% increase in cases from 2010 until 2016 possibly causing a 'national emergency.' ](/news/2017/08/1/epidemiology-of-hiv-aids-according-to-the-united-nations-the-philippines-has-the-largest-increase-in-hiv-aids-in-the-asia-pacific-region-w.md) _Context: Asia Pacific_
2. [European migrant crisis. Nearly five hundred African migrants swarm the border of Spain from Morocco. ](/news/2017/02/17/european-migrant-crisis-nearly-five-hundred-african-migrants-swarm-the-border-of-spain-from-morocco.md) _Context: Africa_
3. [ Ethiopia officially opens the Omo River Gibe III hydroelectric dam, one of the biggest in Africa, that is predicted to double the country-s electricity output. Critics are concerned about this dam's impact on locals, on the environment, including Kenya's Lake Turkana, and on neighboring countries. ](/news/2016/12/17/ethiopia-officially-opens-the-omo-river-gibe-iii-hydroelectric-dam-one-of-the-biggest-in-africa-that-is-predicted-to-double-the-country.md) _Context: Africa_
4. [South Africa launches the HVTN 702 trial for an experimental AIDS vaccine, which will involve over 5,400 men and women over the course of four years. ](/news/2016/11/30/south-africa-launches-the-hvtn-702-trial-for-an-experimental-aids-vaccine-which-will-involve-over-5-400-men-and-women-over-the-course-of-fo.md) _Context: AIDS_
5. [Boko Haram insurgency. The United Nations suspends aid to dangerous areas of Nigeria's northeastern Borno State following Thursday's attack by Boko Haram (ISIL in Africa) on a humanitarian convoy where two soldiers and three civilians were wounded. However, UNICEF noted, aid will continue to the capital Maiduguri. ](/news/2016/07/29/boko-haram-insurgency-the-united-nations-suspends-aid-to-dangerous-areas-of-nigeria-s-northeastern-borno-state-following-thursday-s-attack.md) _Context: UNICEF_
6. [Syrian civil war. Airstrikes in rebel-held districts of Aleppo kill at least 15 people and wound dozens while three hospitals are hit including one of the few that still provides pediatric services. UNICEF says medics had to take babies out of incubators. It is unclear who was responsible, though government forces, backed by the Russian Air Force, have run operations to regain control of the divided city. ](/news/2016/06/8/syrian-civil-war-airstrikes-in-rebel-held-districts-of-aleppo-kill-at-least-15-people-and-wound-dozens-while-three-hospitals-are-hit-includ.md) _Context: UNICEF_
7. [Elections in Equatorial Guinea. Africa's longest serving leader Teodoro Obiang, the President of Equatorial Guinea is declared the winner of the recent election with 93.7 per cent of the vote. His government has been heavily criticised by human rights group. ](/news/2016/04/28/elections-in-equatorial-guinea-africa-s-longest-serving-leader-teodoro-obiang-the-president-of-equatorial-guinea-is-declared-the-winner-of.md) _Context: Africa_
8. [Solar eclipse of March 9, 2016. A total solar eclipse occurs in Indonesia, and later, east of the international date line, in the northern Pacific Ocean. A partial eclipse occurs in northern Australia, South-East Asia, and the Pacific. ](/news/2016/03/9/solar-eclipse-of-march-9-2016-a-total-solar-eclipse-occurs-in-indonesia-and-later-east-of-the-international-date-line-in-the-northern-p.md) _Context: Asia Pacific_
9. [2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season. Cyclone Winston. Fiji's known casualties are 42 dead, one missing, and more than 100 injured. Authorities say five percent of the country (45,245 people) is staying in evacuation centers and about 80 schools have been damaged. UNICEF reports at least 120,000 of Fiji's children have been affected. The current identified destruction is more than $1 billion. About 80 percent of the plantations were damaged, especially sugar fields. However, tourism's infrastructure has escaped serious damage. ](/news/2016/02/25/2015-16-south-pacific-cyclone-season-cyclone-winston-fiji-s-known-casualties-are-42-dead-one-missing-and-more-than-100-injured-author.md) _Context: UNICEF_
10. [Syrian Civil War. UNICEF confirms severe malnutrition in the besieged Syrian town of Madaya. Russia calls for humanitarian aid to be let into besieged towns like Madaya, Fua and Kafraya. ](/news/2016/01/15/syrian-civil-war-unicef-confirms-severe-malnutrition-in-the-besieged-syrian-town-of-madaya-russia-calls-for-humanitarian-aid-to-be-let-int.md) _Context: UNICEF_
