### [2015-11-30](/news/2015/11/30/index.md)

# Iraqi Civil War, Military intervention against ISIL: American-led intervention in Iraq: With the support of Combined Joint Task Force - Operation Inherent Resolve, Iraqi Armed Forces have launched operations to retake Ramadi from ISIL. 

Iraqi forces have launched an offensive to retake Ramadi from Islamic State militants, U.S. officials said Thursday.


### Source:

1. [The Military Times](http://www.militarytimes.com/story/breaking-news/2015/11/26/iraqis-offensive-retake-ramadi-islamic-state-isis-isil/76411738/)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War, Military intervention against ISIL: American-led intervention in Iraq: The Iraqi government, via state TV, requests all civilians leave the ISIL-held city of Ramadi in Anbar province, after several days of U.S.-led coalition airstrikes against ISIL. Observers speculate this request precedes major ground operations to retake Ramadi, which fell to ISIL in May. ](/news/2015/12/1/iraqi-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-american-led-intervention-in-iraq-the-iraqi-government-via-state-tv-requests-all-civ.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Military intervention against ISIL, Ramadi_
2. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Iraqi Armed Forces announce the complete recapture of the city of Ramadi in western Iraq's Anbar Province from the Islamic State, along with the reopening of the Ramadi-Baghdad road. ](/news/2016/02/9/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iraqi-armed-forces-announce-the-complete-recapture-of-the-city-of-ramadi-in-western-iraq-s-anbar-province.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Iraqi and allied forces, Ramadi_
3. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Iraqi officials say the country's forces have managed to retake large parts of the key city of Ramadi from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. ](/news/2015/12/8/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iraqi-officials-say-the-country-s-forces-have-managed-to-retake-large-parts-of-the-key-city-of-ramadi-from.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Iraqi and allied forces, Ramadi_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Military intervention against ISIL: Third Battle of Fallujah: The Iraqi government recaptures the main government compound in Fallujah. ](/news/2016/06/17/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-military-intervention-against-isil-third-battle-of-fallujah-the-iraqi-government-recaptures-the-main-gov.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Military intervention against ISIL_
5. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): In the Third Battle of Fallujah, ISIL militants attack a military barracks east of Fallujah, killing more than 50 government soldiers and militia members. At least 12 militants were also killed in the assault. ](/news/2016/06/12/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-in-the-third-battle-of-fallujah-isil-militants-attack-a-military-barracks-east-of-fallujah-killing-more.md) _Context: ISIL, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
6. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): At least 13 civilians have been killed by a roadside bomb while fleeing from fighting between Iraqi security forces and ISIL near Ramadi. ](/news/2016/01/17/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-13-civilians-have-been-killed-by-a-roadside-bomb-while-fleeing-from-fighting-between-iraqi-securi.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Ramadi_
7. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Military intervention against ISIL: Around 20 people, including civilians and Islamic State militants, are killed in airstrikes on Mosul in northern Iraq. ](/news/2015/12/21/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-military-intervention-against-isil-around-20-people-including-civilians-and-islamic-state-militants-are.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Military intervention against ISIL_
8. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), American-led intervention in Iraq, Syrian Civil War: American-led intervention in Syria: United States Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter indicates a more robust role ahead for the United States military in bolstering indigenous forces countering ISIS and in response to Russia-s increasing role in Middle East conflicts. ](/news/2015/10/26/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-american-led-intervention-in-iraq-syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-united-states-sec.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
9. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): American-led intervention in Iraq: The United States Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, Marine Corps General Joseph Dunford arrived in Iraq to discuss the ongoing battle against ISIS. ](/news/2015/10/20/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-american-led-intervention-in-iraq-the-united-states-chairman-of-the-joint-chiefs-of-staff-marine-corps-g.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
10. [ Syrian Civil War: Military intervention against ISIL: The Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG) capture the military base Brigade 93 and enter the town of Ayn Issa, the first defense line of ISIL north of its de facto capital al-Raqqah.: ISIL claims it has started the destruction of the ancient complex of Palmyra. ](/news/2015/06/23/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-the-kurdish-people-s-protection-units-ypg-capture-the-military-base-brigade-93-and.md) _Context: ISIL, Military intervention against ISIL_
