### [2015-11-30](/news/2015/11/30/index.md)

# Israel will open a diplomatic mission to the International Renewable Energy Agency (Irena), the headquarters of which are located near the capital of the United Arab Emirates, Abu Dhabi.  Israel will be the first Irena member to open such a mission; other member nations work Irena relations from their missions to the UAE, which Israel does not have. 




### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/11/28/world/middleeast/israel-to-open-diplomatic-office-in-united-arab-emirates.html?ribbon-ad-idx=3&rref=world/middleeast&module=Ribbon&version=context&region=Header&action=click&contentCollection=Middle%20East&pgtype=article)

### Related:

1. [Solar Impulse 2, a plane powered only by the sun, takes off from Kalaeloa, Hawaii, USA, on the ninth leg of its around-the-world journey. This portion of the trip will cover 2,542 nautical miles and, in about three days, is scheduled to touch down in Mountain View, California. The journey originated in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, on March 9, 2015, and, after another 8,130 nmi, will complete the circle when it lands in Abu Dhabi. ](/news/2016/04/21/solar-impulse-2-a-plane-powered-only-by-the-sun-takes-off-from-kalaeloa-hawaii-usa-on-the-ninth-leg-of-its-around-the-world-journey-th.md) _Context: Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates_
2. [Hillary Clinton of the United States speaks out against Iran in Abu Dhabi during a five-day trip to the United Arab Emirates, Oman and Qatar. She requests that the world increase its pressure on Iran, a country she considers "a serious concern". ](/news/2011/01/9/hillary-clinton-of-the-united-states-speaks-out-against-iran-in-abu-dhabi-during-a-five-day-trip-to-the-united-arab-emirates-oman-and-qatar.md) _Context: Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates_
3. [Release of Uri Brodsky:Officials in the United Arab Emirates express concern after Germany releases suspected Israeli spy Uri Brodsky, who has been linked with  the murder of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai. ](/news/2010/08/14/release-of-uri-brodsky-pofficials-in-the-united-arab-emirates-express-concern-after-germany-releases-suspected-israeli-spy-uri-brodsky-who.md) _Context: Israel, United Arab Emirates_
4. [In response to the assassination of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh, Dubai's police chief states that travelers suspected of being Israeli will not be allowed into the United Arab Emirates even if they arrive with passports issued by other countries. ](/news/2010/03/1/in-response-to-the-assassination-of-mahmoud-al-mabhouh-dubai-s-police-chief-states-that-travelers-suspected-of-being-israeli-will-not-be-al.md) _Context: Israel, United Arab Emirates_
5. [ The Preparatory Commission for the International Renewable Energy Agency designates the headquarters of the organization to Masdar City, Abu Dhabi. ](/news/2009/06/29/the-preparatory-commission-for-the-international-renewable-energy-agency-designates-the-headquarters-of-the-organization-to-masdar-city-ab.md) _Context: Abu Dhabi, International Renewable Energy Agency_
6. [ French President Nicolas Sarkozy will open a military base in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2009/05/26/french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-will-open-a-military-base-in-abu-dhabi-united-arab-emirates.md) _Context: Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates_
7. [ Dubai Ports World controversy: The United States urges the United Arab Emirates to end its boycott of Israel: "The Bush administration said yesterday it is pressing the United Arab Emirates to drop its economic boycott of Israel&nbsp;- a major sticking point in the proposed takeover of key U.S. ports by a UAE-owned firm." ](/news/2006/03/2/dubai-ports-world-controversy-the-united-states-urges-the-united-arab-emirates-to-end-its-boycott-of-israel-the-bush-administration-said.md) _Context: Israel, United Arab Emirates_
8. [Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization  (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt-bahrain-and-unit.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
9. [The Israeli government says it will remove metal detectors and some cameras recently installed at the entrances to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem that resulted in a wave of protests and some deaths. Instead, less obtrusive surveillance means will be used. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-israeli-government-says-it-will-remove-metal-detectors-and-some-cameras-recently-installed-at-the-entrances-to-the-temple-mount-in-jerus.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [Israel's embassy staff in Jordan, including a security guard involved in a shooting incident in which two Jordanians were killed yesterday, return to Israel from Amman. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu thanked U.S. President Donald Trump and Jordan's King Abdullah for their help and cooperation. ](/news/2017/07/24/israel-s-embassy-staff-in-jordan-including-a-security-guard-involved-in-a-shooting-incident-in-which-two-jordanians-were-killed-yesterday.md) _Context: Israel_
