### [2015-11-30](/news/2015/11/30/index.md)

# Pope Francis travels to a besieged Muslim neighborhood known as PK5 in the Central African Republic, a country wracked by sectarian violence. This visit is part of Francis's message of peace and reconciliation. As a result of the violence over the last two years, most of the capital Bangui's 100,000-plus Muslims have fled; now only 15,000 remain. 

Pope Francis visits a mosque in the capital of the Central African Republic, and calls for religious harmony in a country divided along religious lines.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Bastrop Daily Enterprise](http://www.bastropenterprise.com/article/ZZ/20151130/NEWS/311309968/-1/sports)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-34960971)
2. [Cover Image](http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/16ADE/production/_86949829_86949828.jpg)

### Related:

1. [While voters in Central African Republic cast their ballots in a constitutional referendum aimed at ending years of sectarian strife, clashes erupt in the capital Bangui's PK5 Muslim neighborhood, killing at least two and injuring over 20. PK5 residents, visited by Pope Francis two weeks ago, marched to the U.N. headquarters in the country to complain they were unable to cast their ballots. The proposed constitution would limit a president to two terms, add an upper house to go along with the National Assembly, and fight institutional corruption. ](/news/2015/12/13/while-voters-in-central-african-republic-cast-their-ballots-in-a-constitutional-referendum-aimed-at-ending-years-of-sectarian-strife-clashe.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central African Republic, Muslim, Pope Francis_
2. [A mass grave of Christians is discovered in a neighborhood in Bangui, Central African Republic, formerly occupied by the Muslim Seleka rebels. ](/news/2014/02/15/a-mass-grave-of-christians-is-discovered-in-a-neighborhood-in-bangui-central-african-republic-formerly-occupied-by-the-muslim-seleka-rebel.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central African Republic, Muslims_
3. [The United Nations approves the creation of the MISCA peacekeeping mission in the Central African Republic, initially led by the African Union with French military support, to help quell the ongoing civil war, as reports emerge of more than 100 people killed during recent clashes in the capital Bangui. ](/news/2013/12/5/the-united-nations-approves-the-creation-of-the-misca-peacekeeping-mission-in-the-central-african-republic-initially-led-by-the-african-uni.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central African Republic, sectarian violence_
4. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Muslim, Pope Francis_
5. [Pope Francis arrives in the Central African Republic, the last stop of his six-day African tour, becoming the first modern pope to enter an active war zone as the country is in a state of civil war. ](/news/2015/11/29/pope-francis-arrives-in-the-central-african-republic-the-last-stop-of-his-six-day-african-tour-becoming-the-first-modern-pope-to-enter-an.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Pope Francis_

### Changes:

1. [Pope Francis' 2015 visit to Africa Pope Francis travels to a besieged Muslim neighborhood known as PK5 in the Central African Republic, a country wracked by sectarian violence. This visit is part of Francis's message of peace and reconciliation. As a result of the violence over the last two years, most of the capital Bangui's 100,000-plus Muslims have fled; now only 15,000 remain. ](/news/2015/11/30/pope-francis-2015-visit-to-africa-ppope-francis-travels-to-a-besieged-muslim-neighborhood-known-as-pk5-in-the-central-african-republic-a-c.md) _2017-05-25 03:45:57 (First version)_
2. [Pope Francis' 2015 visit to AfricaPope Francis travels to a besieged Muslim neighborhood known as PK5 in the Central African Republic, a country wracked by sectarian violence. This visit is part of Francis's message of peace and reconciliation. As a result of the violence over the last two years, most of the capital Bangui's 100,000-plus Muslims have fled; now only 15,000 remain. ](/news/2015/11/30/pope-francis-2015-visit-to-africappope-francis-travels-to-a-besieged-muslim-neighborhood-known-as-pk5-in-the-central-african-republic-a-co.md) _2017-08-25 03:43:47 (Update)_
3. [Pope Francis' 2015 visit to Africa: Pope Francis travels to a besieged Muslim neighborhood known as PK5 in the Central African Republic, a country wracked by sectarian violence. This visit is part of Francis's message of peace and reconciliation. As a result of the violence over the last two years, most of the capital Bangui's 100,000-plus Muslims have fled; now only 15,000 remain. ](/news/2015/11/30/pope-francis-2015-visit-to-africa-pope-francis-travels-to-a-besieged-muslim-neighborhood-known-as-pk5-in-the-central-african-republic-a-c.md) _2017-08-27 03:44:07 (Update)_
3. [Pope Francis travels to a besieged Muslim neighborhood known as PK5 in the Central African Republic, a country wracked by sectarian violence. This visit is part of Francis's message of peace and reconciliation. As a result of the violence over the last two years, most of the capital Bangui's 100,000-plus Muslims have fled; now only 15,000 remain. ](/news/2015/11/30/pope-francis-travels-to-a-besieged-muslim-neighborhood-known-as-pk5-in-the-central-african-republic-a-country-wracked-by-sectarian-violence.md) _(Current version)_
