### [2015-11-30](/news/2015/11/30/index.md)

# Researchers at North Carolina State University discover a new diamond-like, solid phase of carbon, called Q-carbon, that can be attained at room temperature. The result is a uniquely crystalline material, harder than a real diamond and likely boasting a variety of new properties, most unknown or unstudied. 

Researchers at North Carolina State University have discovered a new diamond-like phase of carbon that can be attained at room temperature.


### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Science_News/2015/11/30/Researchers-create-diamonds-at-room-temperature/7701448910244/?spt=rln&or=1)

### Related:

1. [Free University of Berlin chemists confirm that carbon can bond with more than four atoms, previously seen as its limit because carbon has only four shareable electrons. The researchers used X-rays to, for the first time, map the molecule - a carbon atom bonded to six other carbon atoms. ](/news/2017/01/7/free-university-of-berlin-chemists-confirm-that-carbon-can-bond-with-more-than-four-atoms-previously-seen-as-its-limit-because-carbon-has-o.md) _Context: carbon_
2. [Applications of nanotechnology. While attempting to create a nanotechnology-based, catalyst-mediated series of chemical reactions to turn carbon dioxide (C|O|2) (a greenhouse gas) into a usable fuel, scientists at the Department of Energy-s Oak Ridge National Laboratory instead discover a single-step process using the surface area of tiny spikes of copper and carbon as a catalyst to turn carbon dioxide into ethanol (C|H|3|C|H|2|O|H). The reaction may serve as a method to alleviate possible climate change by both decreasing C|O|2 in the atmosphere and by using the ethanol as an additive to fuels to increase efficiency and thereby decrease consumption. ](/news/2016/10/18/applications-of-nanotechnology-while-attempting-to-create-a-nanotechnology-based-catalyst-mediated-series-of-chemical-reactions-to-turn-ca.md) _Context: carbon_
3. [The Lesedi La Rona diamond, the largest uncut diamond in the world, went on sale at an auction in Mayfair with it expected to sell at GBP52 million, or US$70 million. However, the diamond only managed to draw a high bid of US$61 million, falling short of the reserve price to sell it. ](/news/2016/06/29/the-lesedi-la-rona-diamond-the-largest-uncut-diamond-in-the-world-went-on-sale-at-an-auction-in-mayfair-with-it-expected-to-sell-at-agbp52.md) _Context: diamond_
4. [Research, published in the peer-reviewed scientific journal "Nature Geoscience", confirms that Mercury's darker than expected crusty exterior is from carbon, likely the remains of the planet's ancient surface crust of graphite, rather than carbon dust from comet impacts as previously postulated. ](/news/2016/03/7/research-published-in-the-peer-reviewed-scientific-journal-nature-geoscience-confirms-that-mercury-s-darker-than-expected-crusty-exterio.md) _Context: carbon_
5. [An 18th-century pink Indian diamond worth at least $5 million and a Cartier diamond tiara are discovered in the jewelry recovered from Imelda Marcos. ](/news/2015/11/25/an-18th-century-pink-indian-diamond-worth-at-least-5-million-and-a-cartier-diamond-tiara-are-discovered-in-the-jewelry-recovered-from-imeld.md) _Context: diamond_
6. [A blue diamond is found in Cullinan, Gauteng, South Africa. ](/news/2014/01/22/a-blue-diamond-is-found-in-cullinan-gauteng-south-africa.md) _Context: diamond_
7. [A 14.82-carat orange diamond sets a world record after it is sold at a Christie's auction in Geneva for $35.5 million. ](/news/2013/11/13/a-14-82-carat-orange-diamond-sets-a-world-record-after-it-is-sold-at-a-christie-s-auction-in-geneva-for-35-5-million.md) _Context: diamond_
8. [2013 Belgium diamond heist: Armed robbers steal a haul of diamonds worth $50 million during a raid at Brussels Airport in Belgium. ](/news/2013/02/18/2013-belgium-diamond-heist-armed-robbers-steal-a-haul-of-diamonds-worth-50-million-during-a-raid-at-brussels-airport-in-belgium.md) _Context: diamond_
9. [NASA's Curiosity rover has detected several simple carbon-based organic compounds on Mars, but it remains unclear whether they were formed via Earthly contamination or whether they contain only elements indigenous to the planet. ](/news/2012/12/3/nasa-s-curiosity-rover-has-detected-several-simple-carbon-based-organic-compounds-on-mars-but-it-remains-unclear-whether-they-were-formed-v.md) _Context: carbon_
10. [New research published in this week's "Nature Geoscience" details a mechanism by which carbon is drawn down from the surface of the Southern Ocean to deeper water below. ](/news/2012/07/29/new-research-published-in-this-week-s-nature-geoscience-details-a-mechanism-by-which-carbon-is-drawn-down-from-the-surface-of-the-southern.md) _Context: carbon_
