### [2015-11-30](/news/2015/11/30/index.md)

# Russia bans two George Soros-run foundations, including the Open Society Foundations, for posing a threat to "Russian national security". The Open Society Foundation and the Open Society Institute's Assistance Foundation, both financed by business magnate Soros, are the latest additions to a list of "undesirable organizations", a list the Russian government says is necessary to stop foreign governments from interfering in Russia's internal affairs. 

Added to list of ‘undesirable organisations’, the foundations are accused of posing a threat to Russian national security


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/nov/30/russia-bans-two-george-soros-foundations-from-giving-grants)
1. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/5d16a6d6a9f9d5588348777fe18ea923419b7107/0_197_3600_2161/master/3600.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=33cfbf81eb318ecc3396fcd63382d4f9)

### Related:

1. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia had failed to protect students and teachers during the 2004 Beslan school siege, which left 334 people dead, and orders the Russian Government to pay 2,955,000 euros to 409 relatives of the victims. The ruling was quickly denounced by Russia as "unacceptable". ](/news/2017/04/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-had-failed-to-protect-students-and-teachers-during-the-2004-beslan-school-siege-which.md) _Context: Russia, Russian Government_
2. [Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk says his country is imposing a moratorium on repayment of a $3 billion debt to Russia following Moscow's refusal to accept repayment terms already offered to other international creditors. This means Ukraine is likely to default on the debt, which is due Sunday. ](/news/2015/12/18/ukrainian-prime-minister-arseniy-yatsenyuk-says-his-country-is-imposing-a-moratorium-on-repayment-of-a-3-billion-debt-to-russia-following-m.md) _Context: Russia, Russian Government_
3. [The Kremlin announces that Russia will hold the 2014 G8 summit in its southern Black Sea resort of Sochi, the host of the 2014 Winter Olympics. ](/news/2013/02/4/the-kremlin-announces-that-russia-will-hold-the-2014-g8-summit-in-its-southern-black-sea-resort-of-sochi-the-host-of-the-2014-winter-olympi.md) _Context: Russia, Russian Government_
4. [ Russia's first President Boris Yeltsin spent his retirement in a "golden cage", his phone tapped and the Kremlin controlling visitors, a colleague reveals. ](/news/2009/09/21/russia-s-first-president-boris-yeltsin-spent-his-retirement-in-a-golden-cage-his-phone-tapped-and-the-kremlin-controlling-visitors-a-co.md) _Context: Russia, Russian Government_
5. [ Russia's government will allow the U.S. Armed Forces to ship nonlethal equipment to Afghanistan through Russian territory. ](/news/2009/02/6/russia-s-government-will-allow-the-u-s-armed-forces-to-ship-nonlethal-equipment-to-afghanistan-through-russian-territory.md) _Context: Russia, Russian Government_
6. [ Thousands of Russians protest in response to the government's handling of the current economic crisis. ](/news/2009/01/31/thousands-of-russians-protest-in-response-to-the-government-s-handling-of-the-current-economic-crisis.md) _Context: Russia, Russian Government_
7. [ Russian President Dmitry Medvedev criticizes Prime Minister Vladimir Putin's government for not acting quickly enough to deal with the current financial crisis. ](/news/2009/01/11/russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-criticizes-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-s-government-for-not-acting-quickly-enough-to-deal-with-the-curr.md) _Context: Russia, Russian Government_
8. [ Russia's new Prime Minister Vladimir Putin announces his cabinet. ](/news/2008/05/12/russia-s-new-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-announces-his-cabinet.md) _Context: Russia, Russian Government_
9. [Facebook tells congressional investigators an operation, traced to a Russian company seeking to target voters, spent $100,000 on thousands of U.S. ads promoting divisive social and political messages during the 2016 U.S. election. ](/news/2017/09/6/facebook-tells-congressional-investigators-an-operation-traced-to-a-russian-company-seeking-to-target-voters-spent-100-000-on-thousands-o.md) _Context: Russia_
10. [Russia and Belarus begin a six-day joint strategic military exercise inside Belarus and Russia's Kaliningrad Oblast. The military exercise simulates war against the fictional state of Veyshnoria. According to the Defence Ministry of Belarus, fewer than 13,000 personnel will be taking part in the exercise; however, Western analysts believe the total number will range from 60,000 to 100,000. ](/news/2017/09/14/russia-and-belarus-begin-a-six-day-joint-strategic-military-exercise-inside-belarus-and-russia-s-kaliningrad-oblast-the-military-exercise-s.md) _Context: Russia_
