### [2015-11-30](/news/2015/11/30/index.md)

# Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: Clashes with Yemeni forces in the kingdom's southern Jizan Region near the border with Yemen leave at least three Saudi border guards killed. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/30/us-yemen-security-saudi-idUSKBN0TJ19R20151130)

### Related:

1. [Yemeni Civil War: Cross-border shelling from Yemen kills a Saudi Arabian border guard in the Jizan Region. ](/news/2016/02/15/yemeni-civil-war-cross-border-shelling-from-yemen-kills-a-saudi-arabian-border-guard-in-the-jizan-region.md) _Context: Jizan Region, Saudi Arabia, Yemen, border guards_
2. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: Two Saudi border guards, including a district commander, are killed following clashes with Yemeni forces near the border with Yemen. ](/news/2015/09/26/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-two-saudi-border-guards-including-a-district-commander-are-killed-following-clashes-with-yemeni-f.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen, border guards_
3. [Saudi Arabia-United States relations: Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): The United States is to limit military support to Saudi Arabia's military intervention in Yemen amid concerns over rising civilian casualties. ](/news/2016/12/13/saudi-arabia-united-states-relations-yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-the-united-states-is-to-limit-military-support-to-saudi-arabia-s.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
4. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: The Saudi-led coalition announces a 48 hour ceasefire in Yemen from noon. ](/news/2016/11/19/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-the-saudi-led-coalition-announces-a-48-hour-ceasefire-in-yemen-f.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
5. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: Two prisons in Al Hudaydah, Yemen, are bombed by Saudi Arabian jets, leaving at least 60 dead. ](/news/2016/10/29/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-two-prisons-in-al-hudaydah-yemen-are-bombed-by-saudi-arabian-jets-leaving-at-least-60-dead.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
6. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: The death toll from a Saudi-led Arab coalition airstrike which hit a house in a residential area in western Yemen has risen to 26 people. ](/news/2016/09/22/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-the-death-toll-from-a-saudi-led-arab-coalition-airstrike-which-hit-a-house-in-a-residential-area-in.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
7. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: At least 14 people are killed after Saudi-led coalition airstrikes hit a food factory in Yemen's capital Sana'a. The airstrikes come just days after the suspension of inconclusive peace talks in Kuwait. ](/news/2016/08/9/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-at-least-14-people-are-killed-after-saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-hit-a-food-factory-in-yemen-s-ca.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
8. [Conflict in Najran: Saudi Arabia's Interior Ministry says five border guards have been killed following clashes with Houthi militants on the border with Yemen. ](/news/2016/07/25/conflict-in-najran-saudi-arabia-s-interior-ministry-says-five-border-guards-have-been-killed-following-clashes-with-houthi-militants-on-the.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Yemen, border guards_
9. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: A Saudi-led coalition spokesman announces they have exchanged prisoners with their Houthi opponents and "welcome a pause in the combat on the border." Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said the lull was important to deliver aid and medical supplies to people in northern regions of Yemen. Yesterday, a Houthi delegation was in Saudi Arabia for talks to end the war. Al-Jubeir and his Yemeni counterpart noted formal negotiations to end the fighting can only take place under the auspices of the United Nations. ](/news/2016/03/9/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-a-saudi-led-coalition-spokesman-announces-they-have-exchanged-prisoners-with-their-houthi-opponents.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
10. [Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: A Saudi coalition says it's traded 109 Yemeni prisoners for nine captive Saudis. ](/news/2016/03/28/saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-a-saudi-coalition-says-it-s-traded-109-yemeni-prisoners-for-nine-captive-saudis.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
