### [2015-11-30](/news/2015/11/30/index.md)

# The capitals of the world's two most populous nations, China and India, are blanketed in hazardous, choking smog. Beijing, on the second-highest pollution alert, is closing highways, halting or suspending construction while warning residents to stay indoors. The U.S. New Delhi embassy's monitoring station recorded an air quality index of 372,  putting air pollution levels into "hazardous" territory. No action by the New Delhi government. 

The capitals of the world&rsquo;s two most populous nations, China and India, were blanketed in hazardous, choking smog on Monday as climate change talks began in Paris, where...


### Source:

1. [The Hindustan Times](http://www.hindustantimes.com/india/smog-chokes-new-delhi-beijing-ahead-of-paris-climate-summit/story-rk536Tg2Opm5LOrnG5UlEP.html)

### Related:

1. [Cybersecurity software maker Check Point reports  ''HummingBad'' malware has infected at least 10 million Android devices, mostly in China and India. Check Point says a team of developers based in Beijing is behind ''HummingBad'' which gives hackers administrative-level access to infected devices.  Apple devices have been hit by similar malware.  ](/news/2016/07/5/cybersecurity-software-maker-check-point-reports-hummingbad-malware-has-infected-at-least-10-million-android-devices-mostly-in-china-a.md) _Context: Beijing, China, India_
2. [Australia, the UK, France, and the United States, all issue security alerts for westerners in Sanlitun in the Chaoyang District of Beijing,  a popular diplomatic and entertainment district. Chinese officials indicate they have taken appropriate measures in response to this information. ](/news/2015/12/24/australia-the-uk-france-and-the-united-states-all-issue-security-alerts-for-westerners-in-sanlitun-in-the-chaoyang-district-of-beijing.md) _Context: Beijing, China, U.S._
3. [China-United States relations In a  Peking University speech in Beijing, US Pacific Command commander, Admiral Harry Harris, says the U.S. Navy's freedom-of-navigation patrols in the South China Sea are routine operations intended to demonstrate respect for international law principles. Harris reiterated they should not be construed as a threat to any country while emphasizing  America's common ground with China. ](/news/2015/11/3/chinaaunited-states-relations-pin-a-peking-university-speech-in-beijing-us-pacific-command-commander-admiral-harry-harris-says-the-u-s.md) _Context: Beijing, China, U.S._
4. [India has become the world's third-largest economy in purchasing power parity after the United States and China, moving ahead of Japan according to World Bank report. The last survey in 2005 had placed India in 10th place.](/news/2014/04/30/india-has-become-the-world-s-third-largest-economy-in-purchasing-power-parity-after-the-united-states-and-china-moving-ahead-of-japan-accor.md) _Context: China, India, U.S._
5. [Blind Chinese human rights activist Chen Guangcheng &ndash; who fled from house arrest &ndash; reportedly takes refuge in the U.S. embassy in Beijing. ](/news/2012/04/28/blind-chinese-human-rights-activist-chen-guangcheng-ndash-who-fled-from-house-arrest-ndash-reportedly-takes-refuge-in-the-u-s-embassy-i.md) _Context: Beijing, China, U.S._
6. [The leaders of Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa meet in New Delhi, India, for the 2012 BRICS summit. ](/news/2012/03/29/the-leaders-of-brazil-russia-india-china-and-south-africa-meet-in-new-delhi-india-for-the-2012-brics-summit.md) _Context: China, India, New Delhi_
7. [A Tibetan protester self-immolates during a protest in the Indian capital New Delhi, ahead of a visit by the Chinese president Hu Jintao. ](/news/2012/03/26/a-tibetan-protester-self-immolates-during-a-protest-in-the-indian-capital-new-delhi-ahead-of-a-visit-by-the-chinese-president-hu-jintao.md) _Context: China, India, New Delhi_
8. [ Delegates arrive in Beijing for the resumption of six party talks on Wednesday involving North Korea, South Korea, China, Russia, Japan and the United States to discuss the second phase of a deal on North Korean nuclear disarmament. ](/news/2007/07/17/delegates-arrive-in-beijing-for-the-resumption-of-six-party-talks-on-wednesday-involving-north-korea-south-korea-china-russia-japan-and.md) _Context: Beijing, China, U.S._
9. [ Trade officials from the United States, European Union, India and Brazil meet in New Delhi, India, to revive the World Trade Organization's Doha round of negotiations. ](/news/2007/04/11/trade-officials-from-the-united-states-european-union-india-and-brazil-meet-in-new-delhi-india-to-revive-the-world-trade-organization-s.md) _Context: India, New Delhi, U.S._
10. [Prime Minister of Norway Erna Solberg meets with Premier of the People's Republic of China Li Keqiang in Beijing to announce the end of a diplomatic freeze between the countries and the resumption of free trade negotiations between China and Norway. ](/news/2017/04/7/prime-minister-of-norway-erna-solberg-meets-with-premier-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-li-keqiang-in-beijing-to-announce-the-end-of-a-di.md) _Context: Beijing, China_
