### [2015-11-30](/news/2015/11/30/index.md)

# Venezuela announces it will suspend the sale of alcoholic beverages, fireworks and weapons before Sunday's parliamentary elections, starting Friday at 6 p.m. until next Monday at 6 p.m. Civilian permits for the possession and use of firearms and knives will be also be suspended for the same period. 

Venezuela will suspend the sale of alcoholic beverages, fireworks and weapons in anticipation of the upcoming parliamentary elections.


### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2015/11/30/Venezuela-banning-sale-of-alcohol-fireworks-and-weapons-ahead-of-elections/1961448908452/?spt=rln&or=1)

### Related:

1. [Venezuelan opposition leaders say their Democratic Unity Roundtable  has won control of the 167-seat legislature from the ruling Socialists for the first time since 1998.  There is no confirmation on Sunday's election from the national electoral board. An opposition victory would be a major setback for the socialist revolution started 17 years ago by the late Hugo Chavez. ](/news/2015/12/6/venezuelan-opposition-leaders-say-their-democratic-unity-roundtable-has-won-control-of-the-167-seat-legislature-from-the-ruling-socialists.md) _Context: National Assembly, Venezuela, landslide victory in the December 6 election_
2. [Supporters of Venezuelan President Nicols Maduro storm the opposition-controlled National Assembly and injure several lawmakers, including the President of the National Assembly, Julio Borges. Several journalists were also injured in the assault. ](/news/2017/07/5/supporters-of-venezuelan-president-nicolas-maduro-storm-the-opposition-controlled-national-assembly-and-injure-several-lawmakers-including.md) _Context: National Assembly, Venezuela_
3. [In a ruling, Venezuela's Supreme Court says it "guarantees congressional functions will be exercised by" itself, authorizing president Nicolas Maduro to create oil joint ventures without the previously mandated congressional approval. Opposition leaders call it a "coup", while Peru recalls its ambassador. ](/news/2017/03/30/in-a-ruling-venezuela-s-supreme-court-says-it-guarantees-congressional-functions-will-be-exercised-by-itself-authorizing-president-nicol.md) _Context: National Assembly, Venezuela_
4. [Protests erupt in various cities of Venezuela as the country faces increased food and power shortages, forcing the government to ration them, leading to widespread looting and violence. According to the opposition, who control the National Assembly, over a million people support its bid to start a referendum on ousting President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/04/29/protests-erupt-in-various-cities-of-venezuela-as-the-country-faces-increased-food-and-power-shortages-forcing-the-government-to-ration-them.md) _Context: National Assembly, Venezuela_
5. [The opposition controlled National Assembly of Venezuela passes an amnesty bill that could potentially free over 70 opposition leaders and activists jailed during protests last year, including prominent leader Leopoldo Lopez. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-opposition-controlled-national-assembly-of-venezuela-passes-an-amnesty-bill-that-could-potentially-free-over-70-opposition-leaders-and-a.md) _Context: National Assembly, Venezuela_
6. [Venezuela's National Electoral Council announces  the  opposition Democratic Unity Roundtable (MUD) has won at least  99 seats in the 167-member National Assembly in Sunday's elections. The  previous-ruling United Social Party of Venezuela (PSUV) picked up 46. Results for 22 contests remain to be determined. Voter turnout was a stunning 74.3 percent. "Within seconds," President Nicolas Maduro recognized the opposition's win, saying that despite (his party's) adverse result, Venezuela's democracy has triumphed. ](/news/2015/12/7/venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-announces-the-opposition-democratic-unity-roundtable-mud-has-won-at-least-99-seats-in-the-167-me.md) _Context: Venezuela, landslide victory in the December 6 election_
7. [The Venezuelan Supreme Court  bars four incoming lawmakers (three from the opposition and one from the ruling Socialist party) from taking office, putting  the opposition's two-thirds legislative "supermajority" at risk, won via a landslide victory in the December 6 election by just one seat. The court is yet to specify the quorum for the new House, which would determine the number of seats needed for a  two-thirds majority.  The new National Assembly convenes Tuesday. ](/news/2015/12/31/the-venezuelan-supreme-court-bars-four-incoming-lawmakers-three-from-the-opposition-and-one-from-the-ruling-socialist-party-from-taking-o.md) _Context: National Assembly, landslide victory in the December 6 election_
8. [The National Assembly of Venezuela grants President Nicolas Maduro the power to legislate by decree for nine months. ](/news/2015/03/15/the-national-assembly-of-venezuela-grants-president-nicola-s-maduro-the-power-to-legislate-by-decree-for-nine-months.md) _Context: National Assembly, Venezuela_
9. [The Venezuelan National Assembly votes to hand President Nicolas Maduro decree powers over the economy with the opposition concerned about a potential crackdown on political opponents. ](/news/2013/11/19/the-venezuelan-national-assembly-votes-to-hand-president-nicola-s-maduro-decree-powers-over-the-economy-with-the-opposition-concerned-about.md) _Context: National Assembly, Venezuela_
10. [The Supreme Court of Venezuela bars Luisa Ortega Diaz, the chief prosecutor and outspoken critic of president Nicolas Maduro,  from leaving the country and freezes her assets. ](/news/2017/06/28/the-supreme-court-of-venezuela-bars-luisa-ortega-daaz-the-chief-prosecutor-and-outspoken-critic-of-president-nicola-s-maduro-from-leavin.md) _Context: Venezuela_
