### [2007-07-20](/news/2007/07/20/index.md)

#  The Government of Ethiopia pardons and frees opposition leaders who had been sentenced to life imprisonment for their roles in riots following 2005 elections. Prime Minister Meles Zenawi denies that the release was forced by the United States. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/6908039.stm)

### Related:

1. [Israeli agent Jonathan Pollard, a former U.S. intelligence analyst convicted and sentenced to a life imprisonment for providing top secret classified information to Israel, will be released by the Obama Administration on parole tomorrow after serving 30 years in a U.S. federal prison. He will be given an ankle monitor while he completes five years of parole in America. ](/news/2015/11/19/israeli-agent-jonathan-pollard-a-former-u-s-intelligence-analyst-convicted-and-sentenced-to-a-life-imprisonment-for-providing-top-secret-c.md) _Context: U.S., life imprisonment_
2. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met today in Berlin with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu regarding the recent spate of violence between Palestinians and Israelis. Kerry will meet on Saturday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and King Abdullah of Jordan in Amman. ](/news/2015/10/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-met-today-in-berlin-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-regarding-the-recent-spate-of-violence.md) _Context: Prime Minister, U.S._
3. [ Ethiopia's prime minister Meles Zenawi tells the parliament that he had sent military trainers to help Somalia's struggling government, but had not deployed a fighting force. ](/news/2006/10/19/ethiopia-s-prime-minister-meles-zenawi-tells-the-parliament-that-he-had-sent-military-trainers-to-help-somalia-s-struggling-government-but.md) _Context: Meles Zenawi, Prime Minister_
4. [The election between Democrat Jon Ossoff and Republican Karen Handel to replace the seat vacated by Tom Price becomes the most expensive congressional race in United States history. ](/news/2017/05/9/the-election-between-democrat-jon-ossoff-and-republican-karen-handel-to-replace-the-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-becomes-the-most-expensive-con.md) _Context: U.S._
5. [The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) says they will counter Iraq's mostly Iran-backed Popular Mobilization Forces (PMU) militants if the latter enters areas under SDF control, insisting that SDF will never accept the presence of Iran and SDF will never under any circumstances act as a bridge between PMU and the Syria's Assad regime. ](/news/2017/05/31/the-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-says-they-will-counter-iraqas-mostly-iran-backed-popular-mobilization-forces-pmu-militant.md) _Context: U.S._
6. [ A formation of United States B-1B bombers from Guam flew over Korea, staging a nuclear bomb dropping drill. North Korea calls it a military provocation. ](/news/2017/05/30/a-formation-of-united-states-b-1b-bombers-from-guam-flew-over-korea-staging-a-nuclear-bomb-dropping-drill-north-korea-calls-it-a-military.md) _Context: U.S._
7. [Puerto Rico files for the largest "local government" bankruptcy in the United States. ](/news/2017/05/3/puerto-rico-files-for-the-largest-local-government-bankruptcy-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: U.S._
8. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: U.S._
9. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to ''The New York Times''. British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
10. [Turkey summons United States Ambassador John R. Bass to protest alleged "aggressive and unprofessional actions" by American security personnel against Turkish bodyguards, calling for the United States to conduct a full investigation on the May 17 clashes.  The American ambassador told Turkey's government that its guards violated U.S. laws. Last week, the U.S. summoned Turkish  Ambassador Serdar Kilic to discuss about Turkish security officers hitting and kicking peaceful protesters outside the Turkish ambassador's residence in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2017/05/22/turkey-summons-united-states-ambassador-john-r-bass-to-protest-alleged-aggressive-and-unprofessional-actions-by-american-security-personn.md) _Context: U.S._
