### [2014-09-20](/news/2014/09/20/index.md)

# Slovenian MEPs of the European People's Party announce that they will vote against the new line-up of the European Commission on 22 October unless former PM Alenka Bratusek is replaced as Slovenia's commissioner. 




### Source:

1. [Slovenia Times](http://www.sloveniatimes.com/political-kindergarten-slovenian-epp-meps-to-vote-against-commission)

### Related:

1. [Former Slovenian prime minister Alenka Bratusek withdraws her candidacy as Vice-President of the European Commission and as European Commissioner for Energy after having been rejected by the European Parliament. ](/news/2014/10/9/former-slovenian-prime-minister-alenka-bratua-ek-withdraws-her-candidacy-as-vice-president-of-the-european-commission-and-as-european-commis.md) _Context: Alenka Bratusek, Slovenia_
2. [Violeta Bulc is nominated as Slovenia's new candidate for EU commissioner after the former prime minister Alenka Bratusek was rejected by the European Parliament. ](/news/2014/10/10/violeta-bulc-is-nominated-as-slovenia-s-new-candidate-for-eu-commissioner-after-the-former-prime-minister-alenka-bratua-ek-was-rejected-by-t.md) _Context: Alenka Bratusek, Slovenia_
3. [Slovenian parliamentary election, 2014. Miro Cerar secures an absolute majority of votes in parliament to become new prime minister of Slovenia after receiving an endorsement by the Pensioner's Party DeSUS, as well as by the outgoing PM Alenka Bratusek and her Alliance. ](/news/2014/08/13/slovenian-parliamentary-election-2014-miro-cerar-secures-an-absolute-majority-of-votes-in-parliament-to-become-new-prime-minister-of-slove.md) _Context: Alenka Bratusek, Slovenia_
4. [Parliament of Slovenia ousts Prime Minister Janez Jansa amid corruption allegations. Opposition leader Alenka Bratusek is tasked to form a new government. ](/news/2013/02/28/parliament-of-slovenia-ousts-prime-minister-janez-jana-a-amid-corruption-allegations-opposition-leader-alenka-bratua-ek-is-tasked-to-form-a.md) _Context: Alenka Bratusek, Slovenia_
5. [ The European Commission of the European Union has announced that ten countries - Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia, and Slovenia - have met its criteria for entry, opening the way for an expansion of the EU from 15 member states to 25. The European Parliament has still to consider each candidate individually and the final decision will require the approval of the current member states.](/news/2002/10/9/the-european-commission-of-the-european-union-has-announced-that-ten-countries-cyprus-the-czech-republic-estonia-hungary-latvia-li.md) _Context: European Commission, Slovenia_
6. [Politics of Poland. Polish President Andrzej Duda announces he will veto two judicial reform bills passed by Poland's parliament, which the European Commission said would result in sanctions, and which have generated continuous demonstrations across the country. The ruling Law and Justice Party needs to put together a three-fifths majority to override the veto. ](/news/2017/07/24/politics-of-poland-polish-president-andrzej-duda-announces-he-will-veto-two-judicial-reform-bills-passed-by-poland-s-parliament-which-the.md) _Context: European Commission_
7. [European Union competition law. The European Commission imposes a record -2.42bn antitrust fine on internet giant Google for allegedly manipulating its search engine results. ](/news/2017/06/27/european-union-competition-law-the-european-commission-imposes-a-record-2-42bn-antitrust-fine-on-internet-giant-google-for-allegedly-man.md) _Context: European Commission_
8. [French presidential election, 2017. The closely-watched CEVIPOF poll shows Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen clinging to a narrow lead heading into the first stage of the election, with Le Pen recently becoming embroiled in a spat with the European Commission after refusing to appear on TF1 while there remained a Flag of Europe in the background. ](/news/2017/04/19/french-presidential-election-2017-the-closely-watched-cevipof-poll-shows-emmanuel-macron-and-marine-le-pen-clinging-to-a-narrow-lead-headi.md) _Context: European Commission_
9. [Turkish constitutional referendum, 2017. The European Commission, based on the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe report, calls on Turkey to launch an investigation into allegations of referendum voting irregularities. ](/news/2017/04/18/turkish-constitutional-referendum-2017-the-european-commission-based-on-the-organization-for-security-and-co-operation-in-europe-report.md) _Context: European Commission_
10. [The European Commission blocks the third attempt of the London Stock Exchange and Deutsche Borse at a merger, citing the danger of a "de facto monopoly in the crucial area of fixed income instruments". ](/news/2017/03/29/the-european-commission-blocks-the-third-attempt-of-the-london-stock-exchange-and-deutsche-baprse-at-a-merger-citing-the-danger-of-a-de-fa.md) _Context: European Commission_
