### [2016-05-13](/news/2016/05/13/index.md)

# Fatma Samoura, a Senegalese United Nations official, is appointed as the Secretary General of FIFA. She is the first woman and first person from outside Europe to be appointed to the position. 

Kosovo and Gibraltar become the 210th and 211th members of Fifa and can enter World Cup 2018 qualifying.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/sport/football/36290169)
2. [AP vi ''Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/ap/article-3589279/Senegalese-UN-official-appointed-FIFA-secretary-general.html)

### Related:

1. [The President of Finland, Sauli Niinisto, in an address to the Finnish parliament (Eduskunta), says the current flow of migrants into Europe threatens the continent's Western values and that the UN's Convention relating to the Status of Refugees is outdated, saying "All estimates predict that the flow of people will increase this year. This is challenging the ability of Western democracies to help and also challenging the very structures underlying the idea of Europe". ](/news/2016/02/4/the-president-of-finland-sauli-niinistap-in-an-address-to-the-finnish-parliament-eduskunta-says-the-current-flow-of-migrants-into-europ.md) _Context: Europe, United Nations_
2. [Cuba defends North Korea by circulating an amendment to a European-Japanese draft resolution recommending the referral of North Korea to the International Criminal Court for crimes against humanity. ](/news/2014/11/13/cuba-defends-north-korea-by-circulating-an-amendment-to-a-european-japanese-draft-resolution-recommending-the-referral-of-north-korea-to-the.md) _Context: Europe, United Nations_
3. [In association football, the Costa Rican Football Federation files an official protest with FIFA requesting that their national team's 0-1 loss to the USA on March 22 in near-blizzard conditions at Dick's Sporting Goods Park in Commerce City, Colorado, be replayed. ](/news/2013/03/24/in-association-football-the-costa-rican-football-federation-files-an-official-protest-with-fifa-requesting-that-their-national-team-s-0a1.md) _Context: FIFA, association football_
4. [The second legs of the 2012-13 UEFA Europa League round of 32 are held across Europe. Among the football teams eliminated are titleholders Atletico Madrid, Ajax (in the first ever penalty shootout in the knockout phase of the competition) and European giants Liverpool, while both London sides left, Tottenham and Chelsea, advance into the last 16. ](/news/2013/02/21/the-second-legs-of-the-2012a13-uefa-europa-league-round-of-32-are-held-across-europe-among-the-football-teams-eliminated-are-titleholders.md) _Context: Europe, association football_
5. [Paris Saint-Germain defender Thiago Silva is awarded the 2012 Samba Gold trophy, a football award given to the best Brazilian footballer in Europe. ](/news/2012/12/31/paris-saint-germain-defender-thiago-silva-is-awarded-the-2012-samba-gold-trophy-a-football-award-given-to-the-best-brazilian-footballer-in.md) _Context: Europe, association football_
6. [The Sambafoot Association announces their list of 30 contenders nominated as the 2012 Samba Gold, a football award given to the best Brazilian footballer in Europe. ](/news/2012/12/2/the-sambafoot-association-announces-their-list-of-30-contenders-nominated-as-the-2012-samba-gold-a-football-award-given-to-the-best-brazili.md) _Context: Europe, association football_
7. [Lionel Messi breaks Gerd Muller's scoring record for a single European football season with a league hat-trick as Barcelona defeat Malaga. ](/news/2012/05/2/lionel-messi-breaks-gerd-ma1-4ller-s-scoring-record-for-a-single-european-football-season-with-a-league-hat-trick-as-barcelona-defeat-malaga.md) _Context: Europe, association football_
8. [Jack Warner resigns his post as vice-president of FIFA, the world governing body of association football, amid corruption allegations. ](/news/2011/06/20/jack-warner-resigns-his-post-as-vice-president-of-fifa-the-world-governing-body-of-association-football-amid-corruption-allegations.md) _Context: FIFA, association football_
9. [FIFA, the world's football governing body, is hit by an undercover sting operation by the ''Sunday Times''; it investigates claims that two of its officials offered to sell their votes in return for hosting the 2018 FIFA World Cup. ](/news/2010/10/17/fifa-the-world-s-football-governing-body-is-hit-by-an-undercover-sting-operation-by-the-sunday-times-it-investigates-claims-that-two.md) _Context: FIFA, association football_
10. [ FIFA, the world governing body for association football, announce after an emergency session of their Executive Committee, that following the controversy over the Thierry Henry handball incident, it will set up an inquiry into the use of extra officials or technology, but any changes will not be implemented for the 2010 FIFA World Cup in South Africa. Wikinews](/news/2009/12/2/fifa-the-world-governing-body-for-association-football-announce-after-an-emergency-session-of-their-executive-committee-that-following-t.md) _Context: FIFA, association football_
