### [2016-05-13](/news/2016/05/13/index.md)

# Hezbollah says Mustafa Badreddine, one of Hezbollah's highest ranking officials believed responsible for military operations in Syria, has been killed by artillery fire from the Syrian rebels. 




### Source:

1. [Al-Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/05/hezbollah-mustafa-badreddine-killed-shelling-160514070756124.html)

### Related:

1. [A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-national-defence-force.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
2. [The Israeli Air Force reportedly conducts an airstrike near Damascus International Airport, in Syria's capital, the target apparently a weapons shipment reportedly intended for Lebanese terrorist organization Hezbollah, according to Syrian opposition groups. ](/news/2015/11/11/the-israeli-air-force-reportedly-conducts-an-airstrike-near-damascus-international-airport-in-syria-s-capital-the-target-apparently-a-weap.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Fighting resumes in Syria near the Lebanese border and Idlib Governorate as a temporary ceasefire between the Syrian government, its ally Hezbollah and an alliance of insurgent groups ends. ](/news/2015/08/15/fighting-resumes-in-syria-near-the-lebanese-border-and-idlib-governorate-as-a-temporary-ceasefire-between-the-syrian-government-its-ally-he.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [ISIL militants and their families, estimated to be around 600 people, begin to leave their strongholds on the Lebanon-Syria border and Qalamun Mountains for the Deir ez-Zor Governorate under Syrian military escort. A ceasefire was reached between warring parties yesterday. ](/news/2017/08/28/isil-militants-and-their-families-estimated-to-be-around-600-people-begin-to-leave-their-strongholds-on-the-lebanonasyria-border-and-qal.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Seven members of the White Helmets are shot dead by unidentified gunmen who stormed their office in rebel-held Sarmin, in northwestern Syria. ](/news/2017/08/12/seven-members-of-the-white-helmets-are-shot-dead-by-unidentified-gunmen-who-stormed-their-office-in-rebel-held-sarmin-in-northwestern-syria.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [The Russian air force bombards the city of Madan and Zor Shamr Camp, south and east of Raqqa, Syria, with cluster bombs, killing six civilians and wounding 19 others. Nearby Alburamadan town was also struck; there are no reports of casualties. ](/news/2017/07/23/the-russian-air-force-bombards-the-city-of-madan-and-zor-shamr-camp-south-and-east-of-raqqa-syria-with-cluster-bombs-killing-six-civilia.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria-following-russia-s-threat-that-it-would-treat-any-ai.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [After yesterday's downing of a Syrian Su-22 jet, Russia shuts down a deconfliction channel and says it will follow any aircraft west of the Euphrates as a target. ](/news/2017/06/19/after-yesterday-s-downing-of-a-syrian-su-22-jet-russia-shuts-down-a-deconfliction-channel-and-says-it-will-follow-any-aircraft-west-of-the.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Iran fires medium range ballistic missiles from western Iran to ISIL targets in Deir ez-Zor Governorate, eastern Syria, in retaliation for the June 7 Tehran attacks. ](/news/2017/06/18/iran-fires-medium-range-ballistic-missiles-from-western-iran-to-isil-targets-in-deir-ez-zor-governorate-eastern-syria-in-retaliation-for-t.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
