### [2013-01-8](/news/2013/01/8/index.md)

# Kashmir conflict:India claims two of its soldiers have been killed during a gunfight with Pakistani forces in the Indian-controlled portion of Kashmir. This report comes two days after Pakistan made a similar claim of the death of one of its troops due to an Indian cross-border operation in the disputed region. 

India accused old enemy Pakistan of sending troops across the heavily militarized line dividing the disputed region of Kashmir on Tuesday, and said two of its soldiers were killed and one wounded in a gunfight.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/01/08/us-india-pakistan-attack-idUSBRE9070GO20130108)

### Related:

1. [At least two Indian soldiers are killed after Pakistani forces opened fire along the de facto border that divides Kashmir between the two countries. ](/news/2015/11/3/at-least-two-indian-soldiers-are-killed-after-pakistani-forces-opened-fire-along-the-de-facto-border-that-divides-kashmir-between-the-two-co.md) _Context: India, Indian Army, Kashmir, Pakistan, Pakistan army_
2. [Pakistani Chief of Air Staff Sohail Aman warns India not to escalate tensions in the disputed territory of Kashmir under the threat of a full-scale war. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson urges both sides to restrain themselves while on a diplomatic mission to Islamabad. ](/news/2016/11/24/pakistani-chief-of-air-staff-sohail-aman-warns-india-not-to-escalate-tensions-in-the-disputed-territory-of-kashmir-under-the-threat-of-a-ful.md) _Context: India, Kashmir, Kashmir conflict, Pakistan_
3. [Indian and Pakistani border guards exchange gunfire over the disputed Kashmir border with nine civilians killed and 63 injured. ](/news/2015/08/28/indian-and-pakistani-border-guards-exchange-gunfire-over-the-disputed-kashmir-border-with-nine-civilians-killed-and-63-injured.md) _Context: India, Kashmir, Kashmir conflict, Pakistan_
4. [India and Pakistan trade gunfire over the border in the disputed area of Kashmir leaving eight people killed in the past week. ](/news/2015/08/16/india-and-pakistan-trade-gunfire-over-the-border-in-the-disputed-area-of-kashmir-leaving-eight-people-killed-in-the-past-week.md) _Context: India, Kashmir, Kashmir conflict, Pakistan_
5. [Kashmir conflict:A cross-border raid conducted by Indian troops in the disputed Kashmir region results in the death of one Pakistani soldier and another critically wounded, according to Pakistani reports. ](/news/2013/01/6/kashmir-conflict-pa-cross-border-raid-conducted-by-indian-troops-in-the-disputed-kashmir-region-results-in-the-death-of-one-pakistani-soldie.md) _Context: Indian Army, Kashmir, Kashmir conflict, Pakistan army_
6. [Kashmir conflict:Pakistan claims another of its soldiers is killed from gunfire by Indian troops near the Line of Control. This is the fifth such fatality reported in the past two weeks from either of the neighboring countries who each claim the disputed territory. ](/news/2013/01/15/kashmir-conflict-ppakistan-claims-another-of-its-soldiers-is-killed-from-gunfire-by-indian-troops-near-the-line-of-control-this-is-the-fift.md) _Context: India, Kashmir, Kashmir conflict, Pakistan_
7. [Clashes break out between Indian and Pakistani troops near the border in the disputed Kashmir region. ](/news/2010/05/23/clashes-break-out-between-indian-and-pakistani-troops-near-the-border-in-the-disputed-kashmir-region.md) _Context: India, Kashmir, Kashmir conflict, Pakistan_
8. [At least three Pakistan Army soldiers are killed by the Indian Army, while separate clashes kill three Indian Army soldiers and one suspected militant, at the Line of Control. ](/news/2017/02/14/at-least-three-pakistan-army-soldiers-are-killed-by-the-indian-army-while-separate-clashes-kill-three-indian-army-soldiers-and-one-suspecte.md) _Context: Indian Army, Kashmir conflict, Pakistan army_
9. [Pakistan accuses eight Indian diplomats of espionage and terrorism amid rising tensions concerning Kashmir. India says it rejects these allegations. The six Pakistani diplomats withdrawn from India last week were reported to have been accused of spying. ](/news/2016/11/3/pakistan-accuses-eight-indian-diplomats-of-espionage-and-terrorism-amid-rising-tensions-concerning-kashmir-india-says-it-rejects-these-alle.md) _Context: India, Kashmir, Pakistan_
10. [Pakistan Army's Inter-Services Public Relations (ISPR) reports seven Pakistani soldiers have been killed by Indian cross-border shelling in Bhimber District, Azad Kashmir. ](/news/2016/11/14/pakistan-army-s-inter-services-public-relations-ispr-reports-seven-pakistani-soldiers-have-been-killed-by-indian-cross-border-shelling-in.md) _Context: India, Pakistan, Pakistan army_
