### [2008-11-30](/news/2008/11/30/index.md)

#  Nine headless bodies are found in Tijuana, Baja California, as the Mexican Drug War continues. 

Nine decapitated bodies have been discovered in the Mexican border city of Tijuana, a hot spot in an increasingly gruesome war between drug cartels.


### Source:

1. [Reuters via ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2008/12/01/2434040.htm)

### Related:

1. [Cross Border Xpress, a privately owned and operated airport terminal located in the Otay Mesa suburb of San Diego, California, United States, will open tomorrow with a connecting walkway to Tijuana International Airport in Tijuana, Baja California, Mexico. This facility, the final step of a project first proposed in the early 1990s, will be just the second cross-border airport in the world.   U.S. Customs will operate a checkpoint on the bridge for those entering the country. ](/news/2015/12/8/cross-border-xpress-a-privately-owned-and-operated-airport-terminal-located-in-the-otay-mesa-suburb-of-san-diego-california-united-states.md) _Context: Baja California, Tijuana_
2. [A 7.2-magnitude earthquake hits Baja California, about 108 miles east-southeast of Tijuana, says the U.S. Geological Survey. ](/news/2010/04/4/a-7-2-magnitude-earthquake-hits-baja-california-about-108-miles-east-southeast-of-tijuana-says-the-u-s-geological-survey.md) _Context: Baja California, Tijuana_
3. [Mexico is reported to be the second deadliest country after Syria by number of absolute conflict-related deaths in 2016. ](/news/2017/05/10/mexico-is-reported-to-be-the-second-deadliest-country-after-syria-by-number-of-absolute-conflict-related-deaths-in-2016.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
4. [A gang shoots down a police helicopter near Apatzingan, Michoacan, killing four people. The police had been conducting an operation against criminal groups and drug cartels. ](/news/2016/09/7/a-gang-shoots-down-a-police-helicopter-near-apatzinga-n-michoaca-n-killing-four-people-the-police-had-been-conducting-an-operation-agains.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
5. [Mexican police come under attack in a two-hour gunfight in the city of Acapulco, killing one gunman. At the same time, a separate group of gunmen attacked a federal police base in the city. ](/news/2016/04/25/mexican-police-come-under-attack-in-a-two-hour-gunfight-in-the-city-of-acapulco-killing-one-gunman-at-the-same-time-a-separate-group-of-g.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
6. [Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-for-personal-use-of-the-drug-he.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
7. [At least nine suspected cartel members are killed in gunfights with government forces during an anti-cartel operation in the city of Reynosa, Mexico. ](/news/2016/03/14/at-least-nine-suspected-cartel-members-are-killed-in-gunfights-with-government-forces-during-an-anti-cartel-operation-in-the-city-of-reynosa.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
8. [The Mexican Navy recaptures escaped drug lord Joaquin Guzman, also known as "El Chapo", in Los Mochis, Sinaloa. ](/news/2016/01/8/the-mexican-navy-recaptures-escaped-drug-lord-joaquan-guzma-n-also-known-as-el-chapo-in-los-mochis-sinaloa.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
9. [Two suspects are killed in a clash with police, and three others are arrested in connection with yesterday's assassination  of Temixco, Morelos's newly inaugurated mayor Gisela Mota Ocampo. Governor Graco Ramirez, who attributed Mota's killing to organized crime, calls for three days of mourning. ](/news/2016/01/3/two-suspects-are-killed-in-a-clash-with-police-and-three-others-are-arrested-in-connection-with-yesterday-s-assassination-of-temixco-more.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
10. [Gisela Mota Ocampo, mayor of Temixco in Mexico's Morelos state is assassinated by gunmen at her home, less than a day after taking office. Morelos Governor, Graco Ramirez, attributed Mota's killing to organized crime, without citing a particular drug cartel or gang. ](/news/2016/01/2/gisela-mota-ocampo-mayor-of-temixco-in-mexico-s-morelos-state-is-assassinated-by-gunmen-at-her-home-less-than-a-day-after-taking-office-m.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
