### [2006-02-14](/news/2006/02/14/index.md)

#  Australians Andrew Chan, 21, and Myuran Sukumaran, 24, are sentenced to death by firing squad by an Indonesian court for their role in the Bali Nine heroin smuggling attempt. Fellow accused Martin Stephens, 29, and Michael Czugaj, 20, both receive life prison sentences. 




### Source:

1. [ABC](http://www.abc.net.au/news/newsitems/200602/s1569684.htm)

### Related:

1. [An Indonesian court rejects Andrew Chan's and Myuran Sukumaran's appeal against the President of Indonesia Joko Widodo's refusal to grant them clemency against the death penalty as organisers of the Bali Nine plot to smuggle heroin to Australia in 2005. ](/news/2015/04/6/an-indonesian-court-rejects-andrew-chan-s-and-myuran-sukumaran-s-appeal-against-the-president-of-indonesia-joko-widodo-s-refusal-to-grant-th.md) _Context: Andrew Chan, Bali Nine, Indonesia, Myuran Sukumaran, heroin_
2. [Two days before the one-year anniversary of the execution of Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran, the ringleaders of the Bali Nine, member Michael Czugaj is discovered to be in possession of drugs in prison. ](/news/2016/04/27/two-days-before-the-one-year-anniversary-of-the-execution-of-andrew-chan-and-myuran-sukumaran-the-ringleaders-of-the-bali-nine-member-mich.md) _Context: Andrew Chan, Bali Nine, Michael Czugaj, Myuran Sukumaran_
3. [The Prime Minister of Australia Tony Abbott issues a last-minute plea for Bali Nine drug smugglers Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran facing the death penalty in Indonesia. ](/news/2015/02/14/the-prime-minister-of-australia-tony-abbott-issues-a-last-minute-plea-for-bali-nine-drug-smugglers-andrew-chan-and-myuran-sukumaran-facing-t.md) _Context: Andrew Chan, Bali Nine, Indonesia, Myuran Sukumaran_
4. [Australia withdraws its ambassador after eight people including Brazilian Rodrigo Gularte, an Indonesian, four Nigerians, and two Australians, Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran are executed. ](/news/2015/04/29/australia-withdraws-its-ambassador-after-eight-people-including-brazilian-rodrigo-gularte-an-indonesian-four-nigerians-and-two-australian.md) _Context: Andrew Chan, Myuran Sukumaran_
5. [Indonesia executes eight convicted drug smugglers including Brazilian Rodrigo Gularte and the Bali Nine duo Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran. Filipina maid Mary Jane Veloso is given a last-minute reprieve.  ](/news/2015/04/28/indonesia-executes-eight-convicted-drug-smugglers-including-brazilian-rodrigo-gularte-and-the-bali-nine-duo-andrew-chan-and-myuran-sukumaran.md) _Context: Andrew Chan, Myuran Sukumaran_
6. [The President of Indonesia Joko Widodo says the execution of 11 convicts from overseas, most on drug charges, will not be delayed. A court has rejected the appeals of Myuran Sukumaran and Andrew Chan, two Australians on death row. ](/news/2015/02/24/the-president-of-indonesia-joko-widodo-says-the-execution-of-11-convicts-from-overseas-most-on-drug-charges-will-not-be-delayed-a-court-h.md) _Context: Andrew Chan, Myuran Sukumaran_
7. [A rescue helicopter crashes while attempting to evacuate residents near the Dieng Volcanic Complex in Central Java, Indonesia, killing all eight people on board. ](/news/2017/07/3/a-rescue-helicopter-crashes-while-attempting-to-evacuate-residents-near-the-dieng-volcanic-complex-in-central-java-indonesia-killing-all-e.md) _Context: Indonesia_
8. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Indonesia_
9. [Indonesia renames part of the South China Sea as "North Natuna Sea," angering China. ](/news/2017/07/15/indonesia-renames-part-of-the-south-china-sea-as-north-natuna-sea-angering-china.md) _Context: Indonesia_
10. [At a United Nations-Oceans summit, delegates from China, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand, four of the top polluters of plastic into the oceans, pledge to reduce their levels of oceanic plastic pollution. ](/news/2017/06/8/at-a-united-nations-oceans-summit-delegates-from-china-indonesia-the-philippines-and-thailand-four-of-the-top-polluters-of-plastic-into.md) _Context: Indonesia_
