
Formats: [HTML](/news/2006/02/14/the-new-york-times-reveals-the-existence-of-a-destabilization-plan-for-hamas-winner-of-the-palestinian-legislative-elections-the-inte.html)  [JSON](/news/2006/02/14/the-new-york-times-reveals-the-existence-of-a-destabilization-plan-for-hamas-winner-of-the-palestinian-legislative-elections-the-inte.json)  [XML](/news/2006/02/14/the-new-york-times-reveals-the-existence-of-a-destabilization-plan-for-hamas-winner-of-the-palestinian-legislative-elections-the-inte.xml)  

### [2006-02-14](/news/2006/02/14/index.md)

##### Mahmoud Abbas
#  The "New York Times" reveals the existence of a "destabilization plan" for Hamas, winner of the Palestinian legislative elections. The intention is, according to Israeli officials and Western diplomats, to make sure that Hamas officials fail in fulfilling their campaign promises so that the president, Mahmoud Abbas, is forced to call a new election. The plan would cut all Quartet funds from the Palestinian National Authority (PA), while Israel would refuse to release taxes and custom duties it collects on behalf of the PA and also block movements between the West Bank and the Gaza strip. A third of the Palestinian population would suffer from the Quartet's decision to cut funds to the PA. 




### Sources:

1. [NYT](https://www.nytimes.com/2006/02/14/international/middleeast/14mideast.html?ei=5094&en=d28cff5caa1702fa&hp=&ex=1139979600&partner=homepage&pagewanted=print)

### Changes:

1. [ The ''New York Times'' reveals the existence of a "destabilization plan" for Hamas, winner of the Palestinian legislative elections. The intention is, according to Israeli officials and Western diplomats, to make sure that Hamas officials fail in fulfilling their campaign promises so that the president, Mahmoud Abbas, is forced to call a new election. The plan would cut all Quartet funds from the Palestinian National Authority (PA), while Israel would refuse to release taxes and custom duties it collects on behalf of the PA and also block movements between the West Bank and the Gaza strip. A third of the Palestinian population would suffer from the Quartet's decision to cut funds to the PA. ](/news/2006/02/14/the-new-york-times-reveals-the-existence-of-a-destabilization-plan-for-hamas-winner-of-the-palestinian-legislative-elections-the-in.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:16 (First version)_
1. [ The "New York Times" reveals the existence of a "destabilization plan" for Hamas, winner of the Palestinian legislative elections. The intention is, according to Israeli officials and Western diplomats, to make sure that Hamas officials fail in fulfilling their campaign promises so that the president, Mahmoud Abbas, is forced to call a new election. The plan would cut all Quartet funds from the Palestinian National Authority (PA), while Israel would refuse to release taxes and custom duties it collects on behalf of the PA and also block movements between the West Bank and the Gaza strip. A third of the Palestinian population would suffer from the Quartet's decision to cut funds to the PA. ](/news/2006/02/14/the-new-york-times-reveals-the-existence-of-a-destabilization-plan-for-hamas-winner-of-the-palestinian-legislative-elections-the-inte.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [After a meeting with the President of the State of Palestine Mahmoud Abbas, High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy Federica Mogherini again assures President Abbas that the European Union supports his ambition to have East Jerusalem as capital of a Palestinian state. ](/news/2018/01/22/after-a-meeting-with-the-president-of-the-state-of-palestine-mahmoud-abbas-high-representative-of-the-union-for-foreign-affairs-and-securit.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas_
2. [President of the State of Palestine Mahmoud Abbas describes President of the United States Donald Trump's Middle East peace efforts as the "slap of the century." ](/news/2018/01/14/president-of-the-state-of-palestine-mahmoud-abbas-describes-president-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-s-middle-east-peace-efforts-as-the.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas_
3. [Palestine recalls their envoy to the United States for "consultations," following President Trump's recognition of Jerusalem as the capital of Israel. Palestine President Mahmoud Abbas says they will not accept any U.S. peace plan in the wake of Trump's move. ](/news/2017/12/31/palestine-recalls-their-envoy-to-the-united-states-for-consultations-following-president-trump-s-recognition-of-jerusalem-as-the-capital.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas_
4. [Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says he will not accept any U.S. plan for peace with Israel, because it recognized Jerusalem as Israel's capital. ](/news/2017/12/22/palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-says-he-will-not-accept-any-u-s-plan-for-peace-with-israel-because-it-recognized-jerusalem-as-israel-s.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas_
5. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas_
