### [2011-02-11](/news/2011/02/11/index.md)

# The U.S. Department of Agriculture says it has deregulated a genetically engineered corn. See genetically modified food. The corn in question is designed for the manufacture of ethanol. 

The Agriculture Department said on Friday it has deregulated a variety of corn genetically engineered to produce a common enzyme that speeds the breakdown of starch into sugar, a vital step in making ethanol.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/02/11/us-agriculture-usda-corn-idUSTRE71A71L20110211)

### Related:

1. [While attempting to create a nanotechnology-based, catalyst-mediated series of chemical reactions to turn carbon dioxide (C|O|2) (a greenhouse gas) into a usable fuel, scientists at the Department of Energy's Oak Ridge National Laboratory instead discover a single-step process using the surface area of tiny spikes of copper and carbon as a catalyst to turn carbon dioxide into ethanol (C|H|3|C|H|2|O|H). The reaction may serve as a method to alleviate possible climate change by both decreasing C|O|2 in the atmosphere and by using the ethanol as an additive to fuels to increase efficiency and thereby decrease consumption. ](/news/2016/10/18/while-attempting-to-create-a-nanotechnology-based-catalyst-mediated-series-of-chemical-reactions-to-turn-carbon-dioxide-c-o-2-a-greenhou.md) _Context: ethanol (C|H|3|C|H|2|O|H)_
2. [Residents from more than 50 homes in Ripley, New York, are evacuated following the derailment of a 34-car Norfolk Southern train carrying hazardous materials in the southwestern part of the state. Ethanol leaked from the two of the 16 derailed cars. A third car carrying propane crashed but did not leak. ](/news/2016/03/1/residents-from-more-than-50-homes-in-ripley-new-york-are-evacuated-following-the-derailment-of-a-34-car-norfolk-southern-train-carrying-ha.md) _Context: ethanol (C|H|3|C|H|2|O|H)_
3. [A Canadian Pacific Railway train carrying crude oil derails in Wisconsin; some of the 10 derailed cars are leaking oil. This is the second consecutive day for a freight train crash in the state. Yesterday, a BNSF Railway train wreck spilled thousands of gallons of ethanol. No injuries were reported in either accident. ](/news/2015/11/8/a-canadian-pacific-railway-train-carrying-crude-oil-derails-in-wisconsin-some-of-the-10-derailed-cars-are-leaking-oil-this-is-the-second-c.md) _Context: ethanol (C|H|3|C|H|2|O|H)_
4. [The British Columbia coroner's office reports that actor Cory Monteith died of an overdose of heroin and alcohol. ](/news/2013/07/16/the-british-columbia-coroner-s-office-reports-that-actor-cory-monteith-died-of-an-overdose-of-heroin-and-alcohol.md) _Context: ethanol (C|H|3|C|H|2|O|H)_
5. [Following the controversial discovery of genetically modified wheat on a U.S. farm on May 29, Japan suspends imports of wheat from the U.S. ](/news/2013/05/30/following-the-controversial-discovery-of-genetically-modified-wheat-on-a-u-s-farm-on-may-29-japan-suspends-imports-of-wheat-from-the-u-s.md) _Context: genetically modified wheat_
6. [ Anheuser-Busch, the largest U.S. beer brewer and the No. 1 buyer of rice in the United States said it would not purchase rice grown in Missouri if it were genetically modified. This decision was prompted by a Ventria Bioscience plan to grow 200 acres (800,000 m) of genetically engineered rice in Missouri. ](/news/2005/04/12/anheuser-busch-the-largest-u-s-beer-brewer-and-the-no-1-buyer-of-rice-in-the-united-states-said-it-would-not-purchase-rice-grown-in-miss.md) _Context: genetically modified wheat_
7. [ The European Commission refuse to approve a controversial genetically modified sweet corn, thus "de facto" refusing to lift the moratorium on GMOs. See also Trade war over genetically modified food.](/news/2003/12/8/the-european-commission-refuse-to-approve-a-controversial-genetically-modified-sweet-corn-thus-de-facto-refusing-to-lift-the-moratorium.md) _Context: genetically modified wheat_
8. [ The European Parliament approves two laws that regulate the selling of genetically modified food in the EU territory, requiring labelling of all GM products (products with more than 0.9% genetically modified parts) and allowing member states to separate GM food and non-GM food and crops.](/news/2003/07/2/the-european-parliament-approves-two-laws-that-regulate-the-selling-of-genetically-modified-food-in-the-eu-territory-requiring-labelling-o.md) _Context: genetically modified wheat_
