### [2014-06-17](/news/2014/06/17/index.md)

# 275 United States Military personnel are deployed to Iraq to provide extra protection for the American embassy in Baghdad. 




### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://www.skynews.com.au/news/top-stories/2014/06/17/us-to-send-275-military-personnel-to-iraq.html)

### Related:

1. [The United States announces it will be sending 560 more United States Armed Forces soldiers to Iraq to help fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/07/11/the-united-states-announces-it-will-be-sending-560-more-united-states-armed-forces-soldiers-to-iraq-to-help-fight-against-isil.md) _Context: Iraq, United States military personnel_
2. [The United States military reports a drone attack killed ISIL rocket expert Jasim Khadijah. The unmanned airstrike also killed other IS militants and destroyed at least one makeshift drone. Khadijah, a former Iraqi officer, is believed responsible for the March attack that killed a U.S. Marine in northern Iraq. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-united-states-military-reports-a-drone-attack-killed-isil-rocket-expert-jasim-khadijah-the-unmanned-airstrike-also-killed-other-is-mili.md) _Context: Iraq, United States military personnel_
3. [U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph Dunford makes a proposal to President Barack Obama to increase the number of American troops in Iraq, so as to help the Iraqi Army with advisors closer to the front lines and to recapture Mosul, which fell to ISIL in June 2014. ](/news/2016/03/26/u-s-chairman-of-the-joint-chiefs-of-staff-joseph-dunford-makes-a-proposal-to-president-barack-obama-to-increase-the-number-of-american-troo.md) _Context: Iraq, United States military personnel_
4. [Iraqi engineers warn that the Mosul Dam could collapse at anytime, resulting in a catastrophic flash flood that could kill up to one million people along the Tigris, with the major Iraqi cites of Mosul, Tikrit, Samarra and Baghdad all at risk. The U.S. embassy in Baghdad has urged American citizens to leave the area. ](/news/2016/03/2/iraqi-engineers-warn-that-the-mosul-dam-could-collapse-at-anytime-resulting-in-a-catastrophic-flash-flood-that-could-kill-up-to-one-million.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S. embassy in Baghdad_
5. [A senior Iraqi intelligence official, who is also a Syrian activist leader, says Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant commander Omar al-Shishani (Omar the Chechen, real name Tarkhan Tayumurazovich Batirashvili) died of wounds suffered in a March 4 U.S. airstrike near the Syrian town of Al-Shaddadah. The U.S. State Department offered up to $5 million for information on his whereabouts. Amaq news agency, which supports ISIL, says Shishani is neither dead nor hurt. ](/news/2016/03/15/a-senior-iraqi-intelligence-official-who-is-also-a-syrian-activist-leader-says-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-commander-omar-al-shis.md) _Context: Iraq, United States military personnel_
6. [President of the United States Barack Obama delivers a televised Oval Office address to the United States commemorating the end of United States armed forces being directly involved in fighting in Iraq. ](/news/2010/08/31/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-delivers-a-televised-oval-office-address-to-the-united-states-commemorating-the-end-of-united-st.md) _Context: Iraq, United States military personnel_
7. [The last United States brigade combat team leaves Iraq: there are still 56,000 members of the United States armed forces in the country. ](/news/2010/08/19/the-last-united-states-brigade-combat-team-leaves-iraq-there-are-still-56-000-members-of-the-united-states-armed-forces-in-the-country.md) _Context: Iraq, United States military personnel_
8. [Wikileaks releases a video from 2007 showing the killing of civilians, including two Reuters news staff, by the U.S. military in Baghdad, Iraq. ](/news/2010/04/5/wikileaks-releases-a-video-from-2007-showing-the-killing-of-civilians-including-two-reuters-news-staff-by-the-u-s-military-in-baghdad-ir.md) _Context: Iraq, United States military personnel_
9. [ Iraq will not extend the deadline for the United States Armed Forces to withdraw from the Iraq War. ](/news/2009/05/3/iraq-will-not-extend-the-deadline-for-the-united-states-armed-forces-to-withdraw-from-the-iraq-war.md) _Context: Iraq, United States military personnel_
10. [ Shia Islamists under cleric Muqtada al-Sadr protest in Baghdad, Iraq, on the anniversary of its capture by the United States Armed Forces in 2003. ](/news/2009/04/9/shia-islamists-under-cleric-muqtada-al-sadr-protest-in-baghdad-iraq-on-the-anniversary-of-its-capture-by-the-united-states-armed-forces-i.md) _Context: Iraq, United States military personnel_
