### [2014-06-17](/news/2014/06/17/index.md)

# Aftermath of the 2012 Benghazi attack: United States special operations forces, in coordination with the FBI, captured Ahmed Abu Khattala, one of the suspected leaders of the Benghazi attack, on the weekend of June 14 to June 15, 2014, in a covert mission in Libya. 

Alleged ringleader in 2012 attack captured in operation in Libya involving Special Operations forces.


### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/us-captured-benghazi-suspect-in-secret-raid/2014/06/17/7ef8746e-f5cf-11e3-a3a5-42be35962a52_story.html?Post+generic=%3Ftid%3Dsm_twitter_washingtonpost)

### Related:

1. [Libyan Islamist militia leader Ahmed Abu Khattala pleads not guilty in a Washington D.C. court to one charge of conspiracy in relation to the 2012 Benghazi attack in which four Americans were killed. ](/news/2014/06/28/libyan-islamist-militia-leader-ahmed-abu-khattala-pleads-not-guilty-in-a-washington-d-c-court-to-one-charge-of-conspiracy-in-relation-to-th.md) _Context: 2012 Benghazi attack, Ahmed Abu Khattala_
2. [Crime in Minnesota: An improvised explosive device goes off at a mosque in Bloomington, Minnesota. No injuries were reported, and the FBI is investigating the case. ](/news/2017/08/5/crime-in-minnesota-an-improvised-explosive-device-goes-off-at-a-mosque-in-bloomington-minnesota-no-injuries-were-reported-and-the-fbi-is.md) _Context: FBI_
3. [Marawi crisis: United States special forces join the battle in Marawi, Philippines, against the Maute. ](/news/2017/06/10/marawi-crisis-united-states-special-forces-join-the-battle-in-marawi-philippines-against-the-maute.md) _Context: special forces_
4. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): Ansar al-Sharia announces it is formally dissolving amid heavy losses that have wiped out its leadership and decimated its fighters. The group was responsible for the 2012 Benghazi attack. ](/news/2017/05/27/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-ansar-al-sharia-announces-it-is-formally-dissolving-amid-heavy-losses-that-have-wiped-out-its-leadership.md) _Context: 2012 Benghazi attack_
5. [War in Afghanistan: A U.S. special forces service member is killed while taking part in an operation against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's eastern Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/8/war-in-afghanistan-a-u-s-special-forces-service-member-is-killed-while-taking-part-in-an-operation-against-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s.md) _Context: special forces_
6. [Yemeni War: Yemen reassesses its permission to the United States to run special operations ground missions against suspected terrorist groups because of the civilian deaths in the January 29 raid. Earlier reports indicated permission had been suspended. [https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/07/world/middleeast/yemen-special-operations-missions.html?_r=0 ("The New York Times")] [https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/08/world/middleeast/yemen-raid-american-military.html ("The New York Times")2]](/news/2017/02/8/yemeni-war-yemen-reassesses-its-permission-to-the-united-states-to-run-special-operations-ground-missions-against-suspected-terrorist-group.md) _Context: special forces_
7. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): Senior Libyan military officials say French special forces are on the ground in Benghazi helping Libyan National Army troops fight ISIL militants. They said that the French forces, along with American and British teams, are setting up an operations room inside Benina International Airport in Benina. The French defense ministry declined to comment, citing a policy not to comment on special forces' activities. ](/news/2016/02/24/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-senior-libyan-military-officials-say-french-special-forces-are-on-the-ground-in-benghazi-helping-libyan-n.md) _Context: special forces_
8. [The United States Department of Justice files a motion to compel Apple Inc. to comply with a court order to help the FBI hack a phone used by an attacker in the 2015 San Bernardino attack. ](/news/2016/02/19/the-united-states-department-of-justice-files-a-motion-to-compel-apple-inc-to-comply-with-a-court-order-to-help-the-fbi-hack-a-phone-used-b.md) _Context: FBI_
9. [Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: An FBI investigation has reportedly found that criminal networks specializing in nuclear smuggling in Eastern Europe, particularly in the nation of Moldova, have shipped radioactive material to 'Middle Eastern extremists', including the Islamic State (which in the recent past has threatened to unleash a nuclear holocaust to 'wipe the West off the face of the Earth'). ](/news/2015/10/7/islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-an-fbi-investigation-has-reportedly-found-that-criminal-networks-specializing-in-nuclear-smuggling-in.md) _Context: FBI_
10. [The United States claims that senior ISIL commander Abu Sayyaf is killed in a United States special operations forces raid within what is officially Syrian territory. ](/news/2015/05/16/the-united-states-claims-that-senior-isil-commander-abu-sayyaf-is-killed-in-a-united-states-special-operations-forces-raid-within-what-is-of.md) _Context: special forces_
