### [2014-06-17](/news/2014/06/17/index.md)

# Aftermath of the United States special operations forces, in coordination with the FBI, captured Ahmed Abu Khattala, one of the suspected leaders of the Benghazi attack, on the weekend of June 14 to June 15, 2014, in a covert mission in Libya. 

Alleged ringleader in 2012 attack captured in operation in Libya involving Special Operations forces.


### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/us-captured-benghazi-suspect-in-secret-raid/2014/06/17/7ef8746e-f5cf-11e3-a3a5-42be35962a52_story.html?Post+generic=%3Ftid%3Dsm_twitter_washingtonpost)

### Related:

1. [Libyan Islamist militia leader Ahmed Abu Khattala pleads not guilty in a Washington D.C. court to one charge of conspiracy in relation to the 2012 Benghazi attack in which four Americans were killed. ](/news/2014/06/28/libyan-islamist-militia-leader-ahmed-abu-khattala-pleads-not-guilty-in-a-washington-d-c-court-to-one-charge-of-conspiracy-in-relation-to-th.md) _Context: 2012 Benghazi attack, Ahmed Abu Khattala_
2. [Recent FBI director James Comey is "mildly  nauseous" on hearing allegations the he affected the recent elections. ](/news/2017/05/3/recent-fbi-director-james-comey-is-mildly-nauseous-on-hearing-allegations-the-he-affected-the-recent-elections.md) _Context: FBI_
3. [A U.S. special forces service member is killed while taking part in an operation against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's eastern Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/8/a-u-s-special-forces-service-member-is-killed-while-taking-part-in-an-operation-against-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s-eastern-nangarhar-p.md) _Context: U.S. special forces_
4. [Yemen reassesses its permission to the United States to run special operations ground missions against suspected terrorist groups because of the civilian deaths in the January 29 raid. Earlier reports indicated permission had been suspended. ](/news/2017/02/8/yemen-reassesses-its-permission-to-the-united-states-to-run-special-operations-ground-missions-against-suspected-terrorist-groups-because-of.md) _Context: U.S. special forces_
5. [Senior Libyan military officials say French special forces are on the ground in Benghazi helping Libyan National Army troops fight ISIL militants. They said that the French forces, along with American and British teams, are setting up an operations room inside Benina International Airport in Benina. The French defense ministry declined to comment, citing a policy not to comment on special forces' activities. ](/news/2016/02/24/senior-libyan-military-officials-say-french-special-forces-are-on-the-ground-in-benghazi-helping-libyan-national-army-troops-fight-isil-mili.md) _Context: U.S. special forces_
6. [The United States Department of Justice files a motion to compel Apple Inc. to comply with a court order to help the FBI hack a phone used by an attacker in the 2015 San Bernardino attack. ](/news/2016/02/19/the-united-states-department-of-justice-files-a-motion-to-compel-apple-inc-to-comply-with-a-court-order-to-help-the-fbi-hack-a-phone-used-b.md) _Context: FBI_
7. [An FBI investigation has reportedly found that criminal networks specializing in nuclear smuggling in Eastern Europe, particularly in the nation of Moldova, have shipped radioactive material to 'Middle Eastern extremists', including the Islamic State (which in the recent past has threatened to unleash a nuclear holocaust to 'wipe the West off the face of the Earth'). ](/news/2015/10/7/an-fbi-investigation-has-reportedly-found-that-criminal-networks-specializing-in-nuclear-smuggling-in-eastern-europe-particularly-in-the-na.md) _Context: FBI_
8. [The United States claims that senior ISIL commander Abu Sayyaf is killed in a United States special operations forces raid within what is officially Syrian territory. ](/news/2015/05/16/the-united-states-claims-that-senior-isil-commander-abu-sayyaf-is-killed-in-a-united-states-special-operations-forces-raid-within-what-is-of.md) _Context: U.S. special forces_
9. [The United States military evacuates the remaining 100 Special Operations forces members in the country due to the deteriorating security situation. ](/news/2015/03/21/the-united-states-military-evacuates-the-remaining-100-special-operations-forces-members-in-the-country-due-to-the-deteriorating-security-si.md) _Context: U.S. special forces_
10. [The US FBI arrests three alleged Russian Foreign Intelligence Service spies working in the United States. The three men sought secrets about US economic plans and proposed sanctions against Moscow. ](/news/2015/01/26/the-us-fbi-arrests-three-alleged-russian-foreign-intelligence-service-spies-working-in-the-united-states-the-three-men-sought-secrets-about.md) _Context: FBI_
