### [2014-06-17](/news/2014/06/17/index.md)

# North Korean propaganda videos show that they have developed a cruise missile similar to the Russian Kh-35 model. 

A North Korean propaganda film posted on the internet reveals footage of a newly developed cruise missile based on a Russian design, experts say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-27881483)

### Related:

1. [United States sanctions. Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/united-states-sanctions-negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea.md) _Context: North Korea, Russia_
2. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. 2017 North Korean missile tests. U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-2017-north-korean-missile-tests-u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launc.md) _Context: North Korea, Russia_
3. [Syrian civil war. Russian warships in the Mediterranean Sea fire cruise missiles at sites near Aleppo. The Russian Defense Ministry claims the strikes targeted the Islamist militant group Jabhat Fateh al-Sham. ](/news/2016/08/19/syrian-civil-war-russian-warships-in-the-mediterranean-sea-fire-cruise-missiles-at-sites-near-aleppo-the-russian-defense-ministry-claims-t.md) _Context: Russia, cruise missile_
4. [China-Russia relations. Russia postpones a transfer of missile engines to China. There is concern the technology could be passed on to a third country, such as North Korea. China is not a member of the Missile Technology Control Regime, a voluntary, informal partnership between 34 countries to prevent proliferation of missile delivery systems that could carry weapons of mass destruction. ](/news/2016/04/8/china-russia-relations-russia-postpones-a-transfer-of-missile-engines-to-china-there-is-concern-the-technology-could-be-passed-on-to-a-thi.md) _Context: North Korea, Russia_
5. [2016 Nuclear Security Summit. More than 50 heads of state as well as representatives from international organizations attend the annual Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C., with the notable exception of Russia, which declined to attend. The main agenda of the two-day gathering is the discussion of North Korea and the threat it poses with its nuclear weapons and the possibility of ISIS extremists getting a nuclear weapon. ](/news/2016/03/31/2016-nuclear-security-summit-more-than-50-heads-of-state-as-well-as-representatives-from-international-organizations-attend-the-annual-nucl.md) _Context: North Korea, Russia_
6. [2016 North Korean nuclear test. The United Nations Security Council vote on the United States-China draft resolution on North Korea is rescheduled to 10:00 a.m. EST Wednesday. Russia requests more time to review the text. ](/news/2016/03/1/2016-north-korean-nuclear-test-the-united-nations-security-council-vote-on-the-united-states-china-draft-resolution-on-north-korea-is-resch.md) _Context: North Korea, Russia_
7. [Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. Russian warships launch cruise missiles from the Caspian Sea against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant positions in Syria's eastern Deir ez-Zor. Russian Defense Minister, Sergey Shoigu, reported over 600 terrorists were killed in the strikes. Video footage also emerged of Russian ground crew servicemen writing the words "For Paris" on bombs to be dropped on ISIL targets in a show of solidarity with France in the wake of the November 13 terror attacks that left 130 people dead in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/20/russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-russian-warships-launch-cruise-missiles-from-the-caspian-sea-against-islamic-state-of.md) _Context: Russia, cruise missile_
8. [Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. The Russian military launches cruise missile strikes from the Mediterranean on ISIS positions in Al-Raqqah, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's de facto capital in Syria, Aleppo, and Idlib. A U.S. official confirms that Russia has conducted a significant number of strikes in Syria using both sea-launched cruise missiles and long-range bombers. Russian President Vladimir Putin has pledged to escalate his military campaign in Syria after it was confirmed that a bomb brought down Metrojet Flight 9268 over Egypt's Sinai Peninsula. ](/news/2015/11/17/russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-the-russian-military-launches-cruise-missile-strikes-from-the-mediterranean-on-isis-p.md) _Context: Russia, cruise missile_
9. [Human rights in North Korea. Eleven (11) of 15 United Nations Security Council members approve placing North Korea's human rights record on the Council's agenda. Russia and China oppose the decision while Chad and Nigeria abstain. This is the first time this issue has been debated by the Security Council. Procedurally, once a topic makes the agenda, that issue can be brought up again at any time. ](/news/2014/12/22/human-rights-in-north-korea-eleven-11-of-15-united-nations-security-council-members-approve-placing-north-korea-s-human-rights-record-on.md) _Context: North Korea, Russia_
10. [2013 Korean crisis: North Korea declares it is in a state of war with South Korea, and will conduct any further dealings under "wartime regulations". Russia urges calm on both sides. North Korea threatens to shut down the industrial plant in Kaesong, on the border with South Korea. ](/news/2013/03/30/2013-korean-crisis-north-korea-declares-it-is-in-a-state-of-war-with-south-korea-and-will-conduct-any-further-dealings-under-wartime-regu.md) _Context: North Korea, Russia_
