### [2014-02-27](/news/2014/02/27/index.md)

# 2013-14 Thai political crisis: The National Anti-Corruption Commission summon the Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra to face charges of allegedly mishandling a rice subsidy program as her supporters block access to the building. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Houston Chronicle](http://www.chron.com/news/crime/article/Thai-PM-to-hear-charges-over-rice-scheme-5268955.php)

### Related:

1. [2013-14 Thai political crisis: Former Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra appears in court to face corruption charges. ](/news/2016/01/15/2013-14-thai-political-crisis-former-prime-minister-of-thailand-yingluck-shinawatra-appears-in-court-to-face-corruption-charges.md) _Context: 2013-14 Thai political crisis, Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
2. [2013-14 Thai political crisis:: The Thai military junta gives permission for former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra to travel abroad for the first time since the coup. ](/news/2014/07/17/2013-14-thai-political-crisis-the-thai-military-junta-gives-permission-for-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-to-travel-abroad-fo.md) _Context: 2013-14 Thai political crisis, Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
3. [2013-14 Thai political crisis:: Protesters gather in Bangkok to shut down the city centre in an effort to bring down the government of Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra. ](/news/2014/01/13/2013-14-thai-political-crisis-protesters-gather-in-bangkok-to-shut-down-the-city-centre-in-an-effort-to-bring-down-the-government-of-pri.md) _Context: 2013-14 Thai political crisis, Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
4. [Trial of Yingluck Shinawatra: Senior members of the Pheu Thai Party report former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra left Thailand last week ahead of the verdict in her negligence trial. She is in Dubai where her brother, Thaksin Shinawatra, lives. ](/news/2017/08/26/trial-of-yingluck-shinawatra-senior-members-of-the-pheu-thai-party-report-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-left-thailand-last-week.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
5. [Trial of Yingluck Shinawatra: Thailand's Supreme Court issues an arrest warrant for former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra, who didn't appear in court for the verdict in her negligence trial regarding a rice subsidy program for farmers. The court also issued a statement questioning her attorney's report that she is unwell and a potential flight risk, citing the lack of a physician's certificate. The reading of the verdict has been rescheduled to September 27. Sources within Shinawatra's party Pheu Thai Party have said that she has allegedly fled the country, though not saying where to, in response current prime minister Prayuth Chan-ocha has ordered the border checkpoints to be closely monitored to prevent Shinawatra leaving the country if she has not already. ](/news/2017/08/25/trial-of-yingluck-shinawatra-thailand-s-supreme-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-who-didn-t-ap.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
6. [Former Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra will be indicted over a controversial rice subsidy scheme. ](/news/2015/02/19/former-prime-minister-of-thailand-yingluck-shinawatra-will-be-indicted-over-a-controversial-rice-subsidy-scheme.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
7. [Former Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra appears to face impeachment charges over a failed rice subsidy scheme. ](/news/2015/01/9/former-prime-minister-of-thailand-yingluck-shinawatra-appears-to-face-impeachment-charges-over-a-failed-rice-subsidy-scheme.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
8. [Thailand's National Anti-Corruption Commission refers former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra to face impeachment charges in the Senate over a failed rice subsidy scheme. ](/news/2014/05/8/thailand-s-national-anti-corruption-commission-refers-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-to-face-impeachment-charges-in-the-senate-ov.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
9. [The Constitutional Court of Thailand finds that Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra is guilty of abuse of power when she transferred the National Security Council chief in 2011 and that she cannot remain in office. ](/news/2014/05/7/the-constitutional-court-of-thailand-finds-that-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-is-guilty-of-abuse-of-power-when-she-transferred-the-nati.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
10. [The Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra appears before the Thai Constitutional Court to defend herself against charges of abuse of power. ](/news/2014/05/6/the-prime-minister-of-thailand-yingluck-shinawatra-appears-before-the-thai-constitutional-court-to-defend-herself-against-charges-of-abuse-o.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
