### [2014-02-27](/news/2014/02/27/index.md)

# An online petition organized by Muslims against the "Dark Horse" video by Katy Perry over its use of imagery containing the word "Allah" has led to the editing of the video on YouTube. 

A petition called the video &quot;highly controversial&quot; and a &quot;portrayal of blasphemy&quot;


### Source:

1. [The Rolling Stone](http://www.rollingstone.com/music/news/katy-perry-removes-islamic-symbol-from-dark-horse-clip-after-protest-20140227)
1. [Cover Image](http://img.wennermedia.com/social/rs-14547-perry-1800-1393519156.jpg)

### Related:

1. [A Malaysian court sentences two men to five years imprisonment after firebombing a church in a row over the use of the word "Allah" by non-Muslims. ](/news/2010/08/13/a-malaysian-court-sentences-two-men-to-five-years-imprisonment-after-firebombing-a-church-in-a-row-over-the-use-of-the-word-allah-by-non-m.md) _Context: Allah, Muslim_
2. [A fourth church is attacked in Malaysia as a row over the use of the word "Allah" by non-Muslims deepens. ](/news/2010/01/9/a-fourth-church-is-attacked-in-malaysia-as-a-row-over-the-use-of-the-word-allah-by-non-muslims-deepens.md) _Context: Allah, Muslim_
3. [Several churches in Malaysia are attacked amid tensions over the use of "Allah" by non-Muslims in the country. ](/news/2010/01/8/several-churches-in-malaysia-are-attacked-amid-tensions-over-the-use-of-allah-by-non-muslims-in-the-country.md) _Context: Allah, Muslim_
4. [Another church is attacked in Malaysia and a mosque also targeted for the first time in a row over the use of the word "Allah" by non-Muslims. ](/news/2010/01/16/another-church-is-attacked-in-malaysia-and-a-mosque-also-targeted-for-the-first-time-in-a-row-over-the-use-of-the-word-allah-by-non-muslim.md) _Context: Allah, Muslim_
5. [ A High Court in Malaysia rules that the country's Christians have a constitutional right to use the word "Allah" in reference to God, declaring the government's ban on the use of "Allah" by non-Muslims as unconstitutional. ](/news/2009/12/31/a-high-court-in-malaysia-rules-that-the-country-s-christians-have-a-constitutional-right-to-use-the-word-allah-in-reference-to-god-decla.md) _Context: Allah, Muslim_
6. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Muslim_
7. [CNN denies authenticity of footage documenting its employees manufacturing a protest using unrepresentative Muslim actors. [http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/jun/5/brian-stelter-cnn-deny-network-staged-london-anti-/ (Washington Times) ]](/news/2017/06/3/cnn-denies-authenticity-of-footage-documenting-its-employees-manufacturing-a-protest-using-unrepresentative-muslim-actors-http-www-washi.md) _Context: Muslim_
8. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Muslim_
9. [Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country, and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight and end the violence. Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-in-the-predominatel.md) _Context: Muslim_
10. [The Government of Malaysia claims that violence against Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority is "ethnic cleansing" ahead of a march in Kuala Lumpur led by Prime Minister Najib Razak. ](/news/2016/12/3/the-government-of-malaysia-claims-that-violence-against-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-is-ethnic-cleansing-ahead-of-a-march-in-kuala-l.md) _Context: Muslim_
