### [2014-02-27](/news/2014/02/27/index.md)

# Angela Merkel, Chancellor of Germany, speaks to both houses of the Parliament of Great Britain and urges Britain's continued participation within the EU, but she ruled out German support for any far-reaching reform of the treaties that define it, such as many Britons think their government should demand. 

German Chancellor Angela Merkel told Prime Minister David Cameron she did not support the kind of fundamental reform of the European Union he wanted, but said Britain should stay inside the bloc to help make it more competitive.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/02/27/us-britain-germany-merkel-eu-idUSBREA1Q12D20140227)

### Related:

1. [The Bundestag votes to introduce same-sex marriage in Germany.  With 393 votes in favor and 226 against, including Chancellor Angela Merkel, the law is expected to enter into force before the end of the year. ](/news/2017/06/30/the-bundestag-votes-to-introduce-same-sex-marriage-in-germany-with-393-votes-in-favor-and-226-against-including-chancellor-angela-merkel.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German_
2. [White House National Trade Council director Peter Navarro says Germany exploits other countries with a "grossly undervalued" euro. German Chancellor Angela Merkel rejects the allegation. ](/news/2017/01/31/white-house-national-trade-council-director-peter-navarro-says-germany-exploits-other-countries-with-a-grossly-undervalued-euro-german-ch.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German_
3. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel defends her stance regarding the European migrant crisis despite her party losing in the key election. ](/news/2016/09/6/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-defends-her-stance-regarding-the-european-migrant-crisis-despite-her-party-losing-in-the-key-election.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German_
4. [On the eve of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) party's convention in Karlsruhe, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel says, "We want to noticeably reduce the number of people who come to us, but not through unilateral national measures alone."   She acknowledges the crisis could overwhelm Germany if it went on much longer. Merkel  warded off pressure from immigration skeptics within the CDU to include a quota in the refugee policy motion the convention will  vote on.  ](/news/2015/12/13/on-the-eve-of-the-christian-democratic-union-cdu-party-s-convention-in-karlsruhe-chancellor-of-germany-angela-merkel-says-we-want-to-no.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German_
5. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel asserts she still isn't prepared to name an upper limit to the number of refugees who can come to Germany, despite mounting domestic political pressure. ](/news/2015/11/13/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-asserts-she-still-isn-t-prepared-to-name-an-upper-limit-to-the-number-of-refugees-who-can-come-to-germany-d.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German_
6. [In a joint statement, leaders of the European Union say that recent claims about the United States spying on European leaders, such as Germany's Angela Merkel and citizens, "could prejudice co-operation in intelligence gathering". ](/news/2013/10/25/in-a-joint-statement-leaders-of-the-european-union-say-that-recent-claims-about-the-united-states-spying-on-european-leaders-such-as-germa.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German_
7. [Germany summons the United States Ambassador over claims that the US monitored Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel's mobile phone. ](/news/2013/10/24/germany-summons-the-united-states-ambassador-over-claims-that-the-us-monitored-chancellor-of-germany-angela-merkel-s-mobile-phone.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German_
8. [Voters in Germany go to the polls for a federal election, with Chancellor Angela Merkel's Christian Democratic Union achieving its highest vote since 1990. ](/news/2013/09/22/voters-in-germany-go-to-the-polls-for-a-federal-election-with-chancellor-angela-merkel-s-christian-democratic-union-achieving-its-highest-v.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German_
9. [British Prime Minister David Cameron travels to Berlin to discuss his demands for sweeping reform of the European Union with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. ](/news/2013/04/12/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-travels-to-berlin-to-discuss-his-demands-for-sweeping-reform-of-the-european-union-with-german-chancell.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German_
10. [In Germany, Chancellor Angela Merkel's centre-left opponents win a narrow victory in Lower Saxony state election. ](/news/2013/01/20/in-germany-chancellor-angela-merkel-s-centre-left-opponents-win-a-narrow-victory-in-lower-saxony-state-election.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German_
