### [2014-06-9](/news/2014/06/9/index.md)

# Basketball:In a reversal of recent reports, banned Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling withdraws his approval for the sale of the team to Steve Ballmer, and will pursue a US$1 billion lawsuit in federal court against the NBA and league commissioner Adam Silver. 

In a reversal, Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling will pursue a $1 billion lawsuit against the NBA and commissioner Adam Silver, and withdraw his support for the sale of the team negotiated by his wife.


### Source:

1. [ESPN](http://espn.go.com/los-angeles/nba/story/_/id/11059020/donald-sterling-decides-pursue-1-billion-lawsuit-nba-all)

### Related:

1. [In basketball, the NBA announces that it has approved the US$2 billion bid of former Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer for the Los Angeles Clippers. The sale must still be approved by the league's owners, and banned Clippers owner Donald Sterling has filed a $1 billion lawsuit against the NBA. The sale price far exceeds the previous NBA record of $550 million paid for the Milwaukee Bucks earlier this year. ](/news/2014/05/30/in-basketball-the-nba-announces-that-it-has-approved-the-us-2-billion-bid-of-former-microsoft-ceo-steve-ballmer-for-the-los-angeles-clipper.md) _Context: Donald Sterling, Los Angeles Clippers, NBA, Steve Ballmer, U.S. dollar, basketball_
2. [NBA Commissioner Adam Silver announces that Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling is banned from the league for life after a recording of Sterling making racist comments surfaces. Sterling is also fined the maximum allowable US$2.5 million as the NBA examines options for a forced sale. ](/news/2014/04/29/nba-commissioner-adam-silver-announces-that-los-angeles-clippers-owner-donald-sterling-is-banned-from-the-league-for-life-after-a-recording.md) _Context: Adam Silver, Donald Sterling, Los Angeles Clippers, NBA, league commissioner_
3. [In basketball, National Basketball Association Commissioner David Stern cancels the first two weeks of the 2011-12 NBA season due to the ongoing lockout. ](/news/2011/10/10/in-basketball-national-basketball-association-commissioner-david-stern-cancels-the-first-two-weeks-of-the-2011a12-nba-season-due-to-the-o.md) _Context: NBA, basketball, league commissioner_
4. [ In basketball, Tim Duncan, who played his entire 19-season NBA career with the San Antonio Spurs, where he won five NBA titles and two MVP awards, made 15 All-Star appearances and made the All-NBA first team 10 times, announces his retirement. ](/news/2016/07/11/in-basketball-tim-duncan-who-played-his-entire-19-season-nba-career-with-the-san-antonio-spurs-where-he-won-five-nba-titles-and-two-mvp.md) _Context: NBA, basketball_
5. [In basketball, Stephen Curry of the Golden State Warriors is named as Most Valuable Player of the North American National Basketball Association for the 2014-15 NBA season. ](/news/2015/05/4/in-basketball-stephen-curry-of-the-golden-state-warriors-is-named-as-most-valuable-player-of-the-north-american-national-basketball-associa.md) _Context: NBA, basketball_
6. [In North American basketball, the National Basketball Association holds its annual draft in the Barclays Center in Brooklyn with the Cleveland Cavaliers selecting Canadian Andrew Wiggins as the first pick. ](/news/2014/06/26/in-north-american-basketball-the-national-basketball-association-holds-its-annual-draft-in-the-barclays-center-in-brooklyn-with-the-clevela.md) _Context: NBA, basketball_
7. [In basketball, David Blatt, who coached Maccabi Tel Aviv to the Euroleague title this past season, has reportedly reached a deal to become the new head coach of the Cleveland Cavaliers. Blatt is the first Euroleague coach to become an NBA head coach. ](/news/2014/06/20/in-basketball-david-blatt-who-coached-maccabi-tel-aviv-to-the-euroleague-title-this-past-season-has-reportedly-reached-a-deal-to-become-t.md) _Context: NBA, basketball_
8. [In basketball, the NBA team known as the Charlotte Bobcats since {{nbay|2004|start}} officially changes its name to the Charlotte Hornets. The team also reclaims the history and records of the franchise now known as the New Orleans Pelicans starting with the {{nbay|1988|app=season}} and ending with {{nbay|2001}}, a period in which that franchise played as the Charlotte Hornets. ](/news/2014/05/20/in-basketball-the-nba-team-known-as-the-charlotte-bobcats-since-nbay-2004-start-officially-changes-its-name-to-the-charlotte-hornets-t.md) _Context: NBA, basketball_
9. [In basketball, the owners of the NBA's Sacramento Kings reportedly reach an agreement to sell a controlling stake in the team to a Seattle-based group, fueling speculation that the team will move to Seattle. ](/news/2013/01/20/in-basketball-the-owners-of-the-nba-s-sacramento-kings-reportedly-reach-an-agreement-to-sell-a-controlling-stake-in-the-team-to-a-seattle-b.md) _Context: NBA, basketball_
10. [In basketball, the North American National Basketball Association cancels the remainder of the preseason due to the 2011 NBA lockout, with cancellation of games in the regular season occurring if the lockout continues for another week. ](/news/2011/10/4/in-basketball-the-north-american-national-basketball-association-cancels-the-remainder-of-the-preseason-due-to-the-2011-nba-lockout-with-c.md) _Context: NBA, basketball_
