### [2014-06-9](/news/2014/06/9/index.md)

# Russian President Vladimir Putin's personal envoy warns Finland against joining NATO. 

“Does Finland want to start World War III,” asks the Russian President&#039;s personal envoy Sergei Markov ahead of Lavrov´s visit to Turku.


### Source:

1. [Barents Observet](http://barentsobserver.com/en/security/2014/06/putin-envoy-warns-finland-against-joining-nato-09-06)

### Related:

1. [Following his meeting at Finnish  President Sauli Niinisto's residence, Russian President Vladimir Putin says that Russia would respect Finland's choice whether to join NATO, though as part of NATO's military infrastructure, Finnish Defence Forces would overnight be at the borders of the Russian Federation. Putin and Niinisto call for improved security in Baltic airspace where Russian and Western aircraft have had close encounters in recent months. ](/news/2016/07/1/following-his-meeting-at-finnish-president-sauli-niinistap-s-residence-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-that-russia-would-respect-fin.md) _Context: Finland, NATO, President of Russia, Vladimir Putin_
2. [Finland and Russia agree to impose temporary restrictions at two Arctic border crossing points on the Finnish-Russian border following an increased flow of asylum seekers from Russia to Finland. Under a deal clinched by Russian President Vladimir Putin and Finnish President Sauli Niinisto in Moscow, crossings at two popular entry points, Salla and Raja-Jooseppi, will be reserved only for Finnish, Russian and Belarusian citizens and their family members for a period of 180 days. ](/news/2016/03/22/finland-and-russia-agree-to-impose-temporary-restrictions-at-two-arctic-border-crossing-points-on-the-finnisharussian-border-following-an.md) _Context: Finland, President of Russia, Vladimir Putin_
3. [NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg announces the invitation sent to Montenegro to join the military alliance, 16 years after the country, as part of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, was bombed by the alliance in the Kosovo War. Montenegro's accession would result in "retaliatory actions", according to a spokesman for Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2015/12/2/nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-announces-the-invitation-sent-to-montenegro-to-join-the-military-alliance-16-years-after-the-countr.md) _Context: Enlargement of NATO, NATO, Vladimir Putin_
4. [The President of Russia, Vladimir Putin, orders troops placed on full readiness in snap drills citing increased NATO exercises as the reason. ](/news/2015/03/16/the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-orders-troops-placed-on-full-readiness-in-snap-drills-citing-increased-nato-exercises-as-the-reason.md) _Context: NATO, President of Russia, Vladimir Putin_
5. [Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-president-donald-trump-who-is.md) _Context: President of Russia, Vladimir Putin_
6. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who later had to cut short his visit to Moscow because of terrorist attacks on the Philippine southern island of Mindanao, tells Russia President Vladimir Putin that the Philippines is looking to Russia for modern arms to fight ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/22/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-who-later-had-to-cut-short-his-visit-to-moscow-because-of-terrorist-attacks-on-the-philippine-southern.md) _Context: President of Russia, Vladimir Putin_
7. [Russian president Vladimir Putin attends the International Arctic Forum in Arkhangelsk, Russia. He says there that he is ready to meet U.S. President Donald Trump in Helsinki, Finland. ](/news/2017/03/30/russian-president-vladimir-putin-attends-the-international-arctic-forum-in-arkhangelsk-russia-he-says-there-that-he-is-ready-to-meet-u-s.md) _Context: Finland, Vladimir Putin_
8. [When Russian President Vladimir Putin, during the January telephone conversation with President Donald Trump,  raised the possibility of extending the 2010  New START treaty that caps U.S. and Russian deployment of nuclear warheads, President Trump    declined, stating that this treaty  is a bad deal for the United States. ](/news/2017/02/9/when-russian-president-vladimir-putin-during-the-january-telephone-conversation-with-president-donald-trump-raised-the-possibility-of-ext.md) _Context: President of Russia, Vladimir Putin_
9. [President of Russia Vladimir Putin signs into law the decriminalization of domestic violence. ](/news/2017/02/7/president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-signs-into-law-the-decriminalization-of-domestic-violence.md) _Context: President of Russia, Vladimir Putin_
10. [Russian President Vladimir Putin signs a symbolic order to withdraw Russia's signature from the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court (ICC) amid calls by pro-rebel western Non-governmental organisations for an investigation into alleged Russian war crimes in Syria. ](/news/2016/11/16/russian-president-vladimir-putin-signs-a-symbolic-order-to-withdraw-russia-s-signature-from-the-rome-statute-of-the-international-criminal-c.md) _Context: President of Russia, Vladimir Putin_
