### [2016-02-2](/news/2016/02/2/index.md)

# Martin O'Malley is suspending Presidential Campaign after Iowa Vote. 

The former Maryland governor’s love of Irish poetry provides a fitting send off to his candidacy.


### Source:

1. [the Atlantic](http://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2016/02/an-elegy-for-martin-omalley/423978/)

### Related:

1. [Martin O'Malley announces that he will be seeking the Democratic Party nomination in the 2016 US presidential election. ](/news/2015/05/30/martin-o-malley-announces-that-he-will-be-seeking-the-democratic-party-nomination-in-the-2016-us-presidential-election.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Martin O'Malley_
2. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. Sally Yates testifies before the United States Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism concerning investigations into Russia's role in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and in the Trump administration. ](/news/2017/05/8/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-sally-yates-testifies-before-the-united-states-senate-judiciary-subcommittee-on-cr.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election_
3. [Trump Tower wiretapping allegations. U.S. President Donald Trump accuses former President Barack Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower the month before the 2016 presidential election but offers no evidence to support his claim. A spokesman for President Obama rejects these claims. ](/news/2017/03/4/trump-tower-wiretapping-allegations-u-s-president-donald-trump-accuses-former-president-barack-obama-of-wiretapping-trump-tower-the-month.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election_
4. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. Michael T. Flynn is willing to testify under the condition of immunity in the ongoing congressional probe on Russia's role in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. ](/news/2017/03/30/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-michael-t-flynn-is-willing-to-testify-under-the-condition-of-immunity-in-the-ongo.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election_
5. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. The United States House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence holds a hearing about Russian interference in the 2016 election and confirms that there is an ongoing investigation into ties between Trump's team and Russia. ](/news/2017/03/20/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-the-united-states-house-permanent-select-committee-on-intelligence-holds-a-hearing.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election_
6. [2016 United States election interference by Russia. A declassified U.S. intelligence report claims that Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election against Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2017/01/6/2016-united-states-election-interference-by-russia-a-declassified-u-s-intelligence-report-claims-that-vladimir-putin-ordered-a-campaign-to.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election_
7. [Presidency of Donald Trump. United States President Donald Trump announces that he intends to seek an investigation into possible voter fraud from last year's election. ](/news/2017/01/25/presidency-of-donald-trump-united-states-president-donald-trump-announces-that-he-intends-to-seek-an-investigation-into-possible-voter-frau.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election_
8. [United States presidential election, 2016. The CIA has concluded that Russia actively tried to help Donald Trump win the 2016 U.S. presidential election. ](/news/2016/12/9/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-cia-has-concluded-that-russia-actively-tried-to-help-donald-trump-win-the-2016-u-s-president.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election_
9. [United States presidential election, 2016. Mark A. Goldsmith, a United States district judge on the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan ends a recount for the state of Michigan after a state court found that Green Party of the United States candidate Jill Stein had no standing to seek a recount. ](/news/2016/12/7/united-states-presidential-election-2016-mark-a-goldsmith-a-united-states-district-judge-on-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-eas.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election_
10. [United States presidential election, 2016. Amidst a concerted effort to persuade electors to choose another candidate, Donald Trump earns the required Electoral College votes to be selected as the next President of the United States. ](/news/2016/12/19/united-states-presidential-election-2016-amidst-a-concerted-effort-to-persuade-electors-to-choose-another-candidate-donald-trump-earns-th.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election_
