### [2003-04-30](/news/2003/04/30/index.md)

#  A road map for peace sponsored by the US, UN, EU, and Russia is delivered to the Israeli government and the Palestinian Authority.




### Related:

1. [ Road map for peace: 'Quartet' urges Israel and Palestinians to do more to revive Middle East peace plan. Voicing ""great concern"" at recent Israeli and Palestinian attacks that have stalled the Middle East peace process, a high-level meeting of the diplomatic Quartet of the United Nations, United States, Russian Federation and European Union call on both sides to take immediate action to revive the Road map for peace.](/news/2003/09/26/road-map-for-peace-quartet-urges-israel-and-palestinians-to-do-more-to-revive-middle-east-peace-plan-voicing-great-concern-at-recen.md) _Context: EU, Israel, United Nations, road map peace plan_
2. [The report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a-c.md) _Context: EU, Israel, United Nations_
3. [Palestinian leaders express disappointment at the refusal of the Middle East Quartet &mdash; United States, United Nations, European Union and Russia &mdash; to hear their call for unilateral statehood and failure to take a strong stance on Israel's settlement construction at its February 5 meeting in Munich. ](/news/2011/02/6/palestinian-leaders-express-disappointment-at-the-refusal-of-the-middle-east-quartet-mdash-united-states-united-nations-european-union-a.md) _Context: EU, Israel, United Nations_
4. [The United Nations, European Union and United States express their opposition to the demolition of six more Palestinian homes by Israel. ](/news/2010/07/14/the-united-nations-european-union-and-united-states-express-their-opposition-to-the-demolition-of-six-more-palestinian-homes-by-israel.md) _Context: EU, Israel, United Nations_
5. [Israel grants permission to United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and European Union High Representative Catherine Ashton to visit Gaza after denying permission to other international politicians. ](/news/2010/03/9/israel-grants-permission-to-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-and-european-union-high-representative-catherine-ashton-to-visit-ga.md) _Context: EU, Israel, United Nations_
6. [ Palestinian Yasser Arafat dismisses Israel's threat to kill him. American representatives, and other world leaders, criticize Israel's prime minister for the suggestion. [http://www.arabnews.com/?page=4&section=0&article=42503&d=4&m=4&y=2004 (ArabNews)] Prime Minister Ariel Sharon conflicts with right-wing ministers over a plan to unilaterally disengage from the Gaza Strip. Housing and Construction Minister, Effie Eitam, and Tourism Minister, Benny Elon, demand that the plan receive cabinet approval. [http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1081052087090 (Jerusalem Post)] A year-long European Parliament investigation into how the Palestinian Authority spents money given to it by the European Union fails to find evidence linking its funds with terrorist activity. The findings, leaked before they were made public, are under attack, with one member of the probe calling it a "partial" whitewash. [http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1080979165731 (Jerusalem Post)] Millwall FC beat Sunderland A.F.C. 1-0 at Old Trafford to make it to the 2004 FA Cup Final after Tim Cahill scores the winning goal.](/news/2004/04/4/palestinian-yasser-arafat-dismisses-israel-s-threat-to-kill-him-american-representatives-and-other-world-leaders-criticize-israel-s-prim.md) _Context: EU, Israel, Palestinian Authority_
7. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon warns the Palestinian Authority that Israel will take unilateral steps to separate from the Palestinians unless there is progress on the road map peace plan and sets a deadline of "a few months" for Palestinian compliance. The speech is strongly criticised by the United States, the Israeli left, the Jewish settler movement and the Palestinians. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3332361.stm]](/news/2003/12/18/israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-warns-the-palestinian-authority-that-israel-will-take-unilateral-steps-to-separate-from-the-palestinian.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian Authority, road map peace plan_
8. [ Road map for peace: Ahmed Qurei, who was nominated as Palestinian prime minister by the head of the Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat, accepts the position (pending the approval of the parliament). He had originally said there was no reason to form a new government unless "Israel wants to change its hostile attitude."](/news/2003/09/8/road-map-for-peace-ahmed-qurei-who-was-nominated-as-palestinian-prime-minister-by-the-head-of-the-palestinian-authority-yasser-arafat-a.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian Authority, road map peace plan_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Arab and Non-Aligned nations call on the United Nations Security Council to stop Israel carrying out its threat to expel the head of the Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat, from the West Bank. Elsewhere the European Union and Russia describe the Israeli proposal as a 'terrible mistake'. UN General Secretary Kofi Annan calls the Israel's proposed action "dangerous" and "unwise". The Irish Taoiseach, Bertie Ahern, who takes over as President of the European Council in January, tells journalists after a summit meeting with French President Jacques Chirac in Paris that he is "shocked" by the Israeli plan and said his government is "totally opposed" to the Israeli plan. The United States Ambassador to Israel meets the Israeli Defence Minister to outline American hostility to the plan.](/news/2003/09/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-arab-and-non-aligned-nations-call-on-the-united-nations-security-council-to-stop-israel-carrying-out-its-thre.md) _Context: EU, Israel, Palestinian Authority_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations_
