### [2015-11-24](/news/2015/11/24/index.md)

# A day after the second round of parliamentary elections closes, militants attack a hotel housing election judges in the provincial capital of al-Arish in Egypt's North Sinai. At least seven people are killed and 12 others injured, including two judges. The Islamic State's Wilayat Sinai branch claims responsibility. 

The blasts in the city of al-Arish came a day after the second round of parliamentary elections closed.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/24/us-egypt-bomb-idUSKBN0TD0BC20151124#LdtqKjp34tSTQJDC.97)
2. [Eyewitness News](http://ewn.co.za/2015/11/24/Twin-bombs-explode-outside-Egyptian-hotel)

### Related:

1. [At least 13 Egyptian policemen are killed after a security checkpoint in the city of Arish, North Sinai Governorate, came under attack by militants. Ambulances were reportedly subjected to heavy gunfire as they attempted to reach the wounded. The Islamic State's Sinai branch claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/03/19/at-least-13-egyptian-policemen-are-killed-after-a-security-checkpoint-in-the-city-of-arish-north-sinai-governorate-came-under-attack-by-mi.md) _Context: Arish, ISIL's Sinai branch, North Sinai Governorate, Sinai insurgency_
2. [Egypt's military says it has gained "full control" over the North Sinai areas of Arish, Rafah and Sheikh Zuweid after successful raids on terrorist strongholds and weapons caches. ](/news/2015/10/22/egypt-s-military-says-it-has-gained-full-control-over-the-north-sinai-areas-of-arish-rafah-and-sheikh-zuweid-after-successful-raids-on-te.md) _Context: Arish, Egypt, North Sinai Governorate, Sinai insurgency_
3. [A roadside bomb kills four Egyptian Army soldiers near the town of Arish, North Sinai Governorate. ](/news/2017/03/25/a-roadside-bomb-kills-four-egyptian-army-soldiers-near-the-town-of-arish-north-sinai-governorate.md) _Context: Arish, North Sinai Governorate, Sinai insurgency_
4. [Egyptian government airstrikes on jihadist targets in North Sinai Governorate, leave at least 100 terrorists killed and 40 others wounded. ](/news/2016/10/15/egyptian-government-airstrikes-on-jihadist-targets-in-north-sinai-governorate-leave-at-least-100-terrorists-killed-and-40-others-wounded.md) _Context: Egypt, North Sinai Governorate, Sinai insurgency_
5. [A suspected ISIL attack on a security checkpoint in North Sinai Governorate, Egypt, leaves  at least 12 Egyptian military personnel and 15 terrorists dead. ](/news/2016/10/14/a-suspected-isil-attack-on-a-security-checkpoint-in-north-sinai-governorate-egypt-leaves-at-least-12-egyptian-military-personnel-and-15-t.md) _Context: Egypt, North Sinai Governorate, Sinai insurgency_
6. [At least seven people are killed, including five Egyptian Army soldiers, a military officer and a civilian woman in two separate blasts in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula. ISIL's Sinai branch claimed responsibility for the attacks on several websites. ](/news/2016/04/8/at-least-seven-people-are-killed-including-five-egyptian-army-soldiers-a-military-officer-and-a-civilian-woman-in-two-separate-blasts-in-e.md) _Context: Egypt, ISIL's Sinai branch, Sinai insurgency_
7. [Egypt's security forces shoot dead at least 24 ISIS militants as they hid inside a cave in a mountainous area in central Sinai, not far from the crash site of Metrojet Flight 9268, a Russian airliner the group says it brought down. ](/news/2015/11/16/egypt-s-security-forces-shoot-dead-at-least-24-isis-militants-as-they-hid-inside-a-cave-in-a-mountainous-area-in-central-sinai-not-far-from.md) _Context: Egypt, ISIL's Sinai branch, Sinai insurgency_
8. [Egypt's Interior Ministry announces the death of a senior figure in the Islamic State's "Sinai province."  Ashraf Ali Hassanein al Gharabli, killed in a Cairo shootout with police, was also linked to other extremist groups and terrorist activities. ](/news/2015/11/10/egypt-s-interior-ministry-announces-the-death-of-a-senior-figure-in-the-islamic-stateas-asinai-province-a-ashraf-ali-hassanein-al-gha.md) _Context: Egypt, ISIL's Sinai branch, Sinai insurgency_
9. [Militants open fire on a bus carrying workers from a cement factory in Arish, Northern Sinai, Egypt, killing three and injuring 17. The gunfire is believed to have been intended for a police vehicle.](/news/2013/07/15/militants-open-fire-on-a-bus-carrying-workers-from-a-cement-factory-in-arish-northern-sinai-egypt-killing-three-and-injuring-17-the-gunf.md) _Context: Arish, Egypt, North Sinai Governorate_
10. [An explosion hits the gas pipeline between Egypt, Israel and Jordan in the North Sinai Governorate west of Arish. ](/news/2012/02/5/an-explosion-hits-the-gas-pipeline-between-egypt-israel-and-jordan-in-the-north-sinai-governorate-west-of-arish.md) _Context: Arish, Egypt, North Sinai Governorate_
