### [2015-11-24](/news/2015/11/24/index.md)

# Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. A 15-year-old boy from Liberia's Paynesville district, who tested positive for Ebola last week, dies of the disease at a treatment center near the capital, Monrovia, just over 11 weeks after the World Health Organization (WHO) declared the country free of the virus. The boy's father and brother, who also tested positive, are at the center; his mother and two other siblings were admitted for observation. In addition, 160 people who came in direct contact with the boy, are being monitored. 

A 15-year-old boy has died of Ebola in Liberia, the first such fatality for months in a country declared free of the disease in September, its chief medical officer said on Tuesday.


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/Health/girl-fights-rare-case-breast-cancer-age/story?id=35392011)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-34909949)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/25/us-health-ebola-liberia-idUSKBN0TE0TM20151125#4ZVUa5Z6Rs7ZfuCQ.97)

### Related:

1. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. Ebola virus cases in the United States. United States authorities announce mandatory Ebola screening will end for travelers from Liberia to five U.S. airports, effective September 21, 2015. Screening of travelers from Sierra Leone and Guinea will continue. ](/news/2015/09/18/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-ebola-virus-cases-in-the-united-states-united-states-authorities-announce-mandatory-ebola-screening-wi.md) _Context: Ebola, Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Liberia_
2. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. The World Health Organization declares that the outbreak of the Ebola virus has ceased in Liberia after weeks of no cases there. ](/news/2015/05/9/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-the-world-health-organization-declares-that-the-outbreak-of-the-ebola-virus-has-ceased-in-liberia-after.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Liberia, World Health Organization_
3. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. Liberia's last known ebola patient is discharged from a treatment center in Monrovia. The country now needs 42 days without a subsequent diagnosed infection to be declared disease free. ](/news/2015/03/5/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-liberia-s-last-known-ebola-patient-is-discharged-from-a-treatment-center-in-monrovia-the-country-now-n.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Liberia, Monrovia_
4. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. The World Health Organization reports that the death toll in the three worst affected countries in West Africa - Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone - has passed 5,000. ](/news/2014/11/13/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-the-world-health-organization-reports-that-the-death-toll-in-the-three-worst-affected-countries-in-west.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Liberia, World Health Organization_
5. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. The World Health Organisation declares an end to the Ebola virus outbreak in West Africa with Liberia the last country to be declared free of the virus. ](/news/2016/01/14/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-the-world-health-organisation-declares-an-end-to-the-ebola-virus-outbreak-in-west-africa-with-liberia-t.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Liberia_
6. [The World Health Organization announces that, since the Ebola outbreak began in March 2014, last week marked the first week of no new cases worldwide. ](/news/2015/10/7/the-world-health-organization-announces-that-since-the-ebola-outbreak-began-in-march-2014-last-week-marked-the-first-week-of-no-new-cases.md) _Context: Ebola, World Health Organization_
7. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. Two new cases of ebola virus disease are reported from Sierra Leone-s capital city of Freetown about three weeks after the most recent new cases were found.](/news/2015/06/22/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-two-new-cases-of-ebola-virus-disease-are-reported-from-sierra-leone-s-capital-city-of-freetown-about.md) _Context: Ebola, Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa_
8. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. Liberia lifts curfews and reopens borders from Sunday as the epidemic starts to end. ](/news/2015/02/20/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-liberia-lifts-curfews-and-reopens-borders-from-sunday-as-the-epidemic-starts-to-end.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Liberia_
9. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. Australia issues a blanket ban on issuing visas for residents of Liberia, Guinea and Sierra Leone, the countries worst affected by the Ebola epidemic. ](/news/2014/10/28/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-australia-issues-a-blanket-ban-on-issuing-visas-for-residents-of-liberia-guinea-and-sierra-leone-the.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Liberia_
10. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. The World Health Organisation and the Government of Liberia introduce a controversial program to move infected people out of their homes and into "de facto" shelters. ](/news/2014/09/23/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-the-world-health-organisation-and-the-government-of-liberia-introduce-a-controversial-program-to-move-i.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, Liberia_
