### [2015-11-24](/news/2015/11/24/index.md)

# Gayle Nix Jackson, granddaughter of Orville Nix who filmed U.S. President John F. Kennedy's assassination, sues the government to get the original copy of her grandfather's movie back -- or to get paid for it. A former FBI analyst said, "The film is a mirror image of the Zapruder film from the other side of Dealey Plaza." 

A woman whose grandfather filmed the assassination of John F Kennedy on a home movie sues the US government for its return.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-34907705)
2. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2015/11/24/lawsuit-seeks-return-of-missing-jfk-assassination-footage/?uid=0ef76ca8-45d6-11e0-a478-1231380f446b&wpmm=1&wpisrc=nl_mix)
3. [Document on Scribd.com](http://www.scribd.com/doc/290879705/JFK-Film-Lawsuit)

### Related:

1. [The United States commemorates the 50th anniversary of the day when John F. Kennedy was assassinated in Dallas, Texas. ](/news/2013/11/22/the-united-states-commemorates-the-50th-anniversary-of-the-day-when-john-f-kennedy-was-assassinated-in-dallas-texas.md) _Context: John F. Kennedy’s, assassination_
2. [U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyers tell a federal court, in a case alleging negligence and incitement to riot during a 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, that he is "immune from suit because he is President of the United States." A lawyer for the plaintiffs responds that, in ''Clinton v. Jones'', the Supreme Court found the president could be sued for events that occurred before he took office. ](/news/2017/04/15/u-s-president-donald-trump-s-lawyers-tell-a-federal-court-in-a-case-alleging-negligence-and-incitement-to-riot-during-a-2016-campaign-rall.md) _Context: U.S. President_
3. [In an interview, U.S. President Donald Trump says the U.S. dollar is "getting too strong" and wants to keep interest rates low, causing the U.S. Dollar Index to fall. ](/news/2017/04/12/in-an-interview-u-s-president-donald-trump-says-the-u-s-dollar-is-getting-too-strong-and-wants-to-keep-interest-rates-low-causing-the.md) _Context: U.S. President_
4. [Donald Trump, the President of the United States, agrees to continue the One China Policy after a discussion with Chinese President Xi Jinping. ](/news/2017/02/9/donald-trump-the-president-of-the-united-states-agrees-to-continue-the-one-china-policy-after-a-discussion-with-chinese-president-xi-jinpi.md) _Context: U.S. President_
5. [U.S. President Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, in a telephone call,  discuss strengthening the two countries' strategic partnership with particular attention to the conflict in the Donbass, a Ukrainian region that borders Russia. ](/news/2017/02/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-and-ukrainian-president-petro-poroshenko-in-a-telephone-call-discuss-strengthening-the-two-countries-strateg.md) _Context: U.S. President_
6. [President Donald Trump names United States Army Lt. General H. R. McMaster as National Security Advisor and says that U.S. Lt. Gen. Keith Kellogg, who has been the acting NSA, will remain as the NSC's Chief of Staff. ](/news/2017/02/20/president-donald-trump-names-united-states-army-lt-general-h-r-mcmaster-as-national-security-advisor-and-says-that-u-s-lt-gen-keith-ke.md) _Context: U.S. President_
7. [Venezuela's Supreme Tribunal of Justice upholds the 13-year, 9-month-plus prison term of Popular Will party founder Leopoldo  Lopez  for  inciting  violence, via "subliminal messages,"  at  the   2014 anti-government protests where 43 people were killed.  Yesterday, United States President Donald Trump  met with Lopez's wife, Lilian Tintori, and called on Venezuela to release Lopez immediately.   ](/news/2017/02/16/venezuela-s-supreme-tribunal-of-justice-upholds-the-13-year-9-month-plus-prison-term-of-popular-will-party-founder-leopoldo-la3pez-for-i.md) _Context: U.S. President_
8. [U.S. President Donald Trump names  Florida International University College of Law Dean  and former National Labor Relations Board member Alexander Acosta to be Secretary of Labor. The President's initial nominee, Andy Puzder, withdrew his nomination yesterday. ](/news/2017/02/16/u-s-president-donald-trump-names-florida-international-university-college-of-law-dean-and-former-national-labor-relations-board-member-al.md) _Context: U.S. President_
9. [British Prime Minister  Theresa May meets with U.S. President Donald Trump at the White House in Washington, D.C.. This is the first visit by a foreign leader since Trump's inauguration last Friday. ](/news/2017/01/27/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-meets-with-u-s-president-donald-trump-at-the-white-house-in-washington-d-c-this-is-the-first-visit-b.md) _Context: U.S. President_
10. [United States President Donald Trump announces that he intends to seek an investigation into possible voter fraud from last year's election. ](/news/2017/01/25/united-states-president-donald-trump-announces-that-he-intends-to-seek-an-investigation-into-possible-voter-fraud-from-last-year-s-election.md) _Context: U.S. President_
