## [2015-11-24](/news/2015/11/24/index.md)

### [A day after the second round of parliamentary elections closes, militants attack a hotel housing election judges in the provincial capital of al-Arish in Egypt's North Sinai. At least seven people are killed and 12 others injured, including two judges. The Islamic State's Wilayat Sinai branch claims responsibility. ](/news/2015/11/24/a-day-after-the-second-round-of-parliamentary-elections-closes-militants-attack-a-hotel-housing-election-judges-in-the-provincial-capital-o.md)
The blasts in the city of al-Arish came a day after the second round of parliamentary elections closed.

### [Turkish F-16 fighter jets shoot down a Russian Sukhoi Su-24 aircraft that had allegedly infringed its airspace near the Syrian border. Russia's Ministry of Defence denies the Su-24 entered Turkish airspace and initially said it was shot down by ground fire over Syria's Latakia Governorate. A video emerged of one pilot killed as local rebel Turkmen fighters shot at him while he was parachuting and a video of his body, while the fate of the other pilot is unknown but is presumed dead. A combat search and rescue mission by Russian forces failed to reach them. It is the first time a NATO member has shot down a Russian plane since the 1950s. ](/news/2015/11/24/turkish-f-16-fighter-jets-shoot-down-a-russian-sukhoi-su-24-aircraft-that-had-allegedly-infringed-its-airspace-near-the-syrian-border-russi.md)
Turkish warplanes shoot down a Russian military aircraft on the border with Syria, an act President Vladimir Putin describes as &quot;stab in the back&quot;.

### [A car-bomb kills five guards at a checkpoint east of the Libyan capital, Tripoli. ](/news/2015/11/24/a-car-bomb-kills-five-guards-at-a-checkpoint-east-of-the-libyan-capital-tripoli.md)
_Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014–present), Tripoli_

### [An explosion on a bus carrying Tunisian Presidential Guard personnel in Tunisia's capital Tunis leaves at least 15 people dead, as the country's government declares a state of emergency. ](/news/2015/11/24/an-explosion-on-a-bus-carrying-tunisian-presidential-guard-personnel-in-tunisia-s-capital-tunis-leaves-at-least-15-people-dead-as-the-count.md)
At least 12 people have died after a bus carrying the Tunisian presidential guard was blown up on a main road in Tunis in an &quot;act of terror&quot;. The blast occurred on Mohamed V Avenue, at the heart of the Tunisian capital, according to a spokesman for the North African country&#039;s Interior Ministry. In the hours following the attacks, Tunisian President Beji Caid Essebsi declared a state of emergency throughout the country and curfew in the capital city.

### [Houthi militants blow up several bridges in Yemen's southwestern Taiz Governorate to halt the advance of pro-Hadi government forces. ](/news/2015/11/24/houthi-militants-blow-up-several-bridges-in-yemen-s-southwestern-taiz-governorate-to-halt-the-advance-of-pro-hadi-government-forces.md)
Iran-backed rebels in Yemen have blown up several bridges in the mountainous southwestern Taez province to hamper the advance of pro-government forces, military sources said Tuesday. Government forces backed by air and ground support from a Saudi-led coalition launched an all-out offensive last week

### [Barack Obama presents the Presidential Medal of Freedom to 17 people including Willie Mays, Barbra Streisand, Itzhak Perlman, James Taylor, Gloria Estefan and Emilio Estefan, Stephen Sondheim and Steven Spielberg. ](/news/2015/11/24/barack-obama-presents-the-presidential-medal-of-freedom-to-17-people-including-willie-mays-barbra-streisand-itzhak-perlman-james-taylor.md)
_Context: Barack Obama, Barbra Streisand, Emilio Estefan, Gloria Estefan, Itzhak Perlman, James Taylor, Presidential Medal of Freedom with Distinction, Stephen Sondheim, Steven Spielberg, Willie Mays_

### [The National Assembly of Vietnam unanimously passes the law, which will take effect in 2017 as part of the revised civil code, that recognizes and allows gender reassignment surgery. ](/news/2015/11/24/the-national-assembly-of-vietnam-unanimously-passes-the-law-which-will-take-effect-in-2017-as-part-of-the-revised-civil-code-that-recogniz.md)
Get the latest health&nbsp;news, diet &amp; fitness information, medical research, health care trends and health issues that affect you and your family on ABCNews.com

### [A 15-year-old  boy  from Liberia's Paynesville district, who  tested positive for Ebola last week, dies of the disease at a  treatment center near the capital, Monrovia, just over 11 weeks after the World Health Organization (WHO) declared the country free of the virus. The boy's father and brother, who also tested positive,  are at the center; his mother and two other siblings were admitted for observation.  In addition, 160 people who came in direct contact with the boy, are being monitored. ](/news/2015/11/24/a-15-year-old-boy-from-liberia-s-paynesville-district-who-tested-positive-for-ebola-last-week-dies-of-the-disease-at-a-treatment-cente.md)
A 15-year-old boy has died of Ebola in Liberia, the first such fatality for months in a country declared free of the disease in September, its chief medical officer said on Tuesday.

### [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md)
Of the 120 major outbreaks during 2010 to 2014, fruits, leafy greens, and beef were among the most commonly implicated foods.

### [According to an opinion poll, a majority of British citizens now want the United Kingdom to leave the European Union as voter anxiety rises over the bloc's handling of a crisis provoked by an influx of migrants into Europe. A referendum on the United Kingdom's EU membership is scheduled to take place before the end of 2017. ](/news/2015/11/24/according-to-an-opinion-poll-a-majority-of-british-citizens-now-want-the-united-kingdom-to-leave-the-european-union-as-voter-anxiety-rises.md)
_Context: European Union, European migrant crisis, United Kingdom, United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_

### [Sweden will introduce tighter border controls and asylum rules in a bid to reduce the number of asylum seekers entering the country. Sweden expects up to 190,000 asylum seekers to reach its borders this year and says its reception system cannot cope. "The situation is untenable", according to Swedish prime minister Stefan Lofven who told reporters, "to put it bluntly, more people will have to seek asylum and get protection in other European countries". ](/news/2015/11/24/sweden-will-introduce-tighter-border-controls-and-asylum-rules-in-a-bid-to-reduce-the-number-of-asylum-seekers-entering-the-country-sweden.md)
Sweden will introduce tighter border controls and asylum rules, in a bid to reduce the number of asylum seekers reaching the country and force other EU states to take in more refugees, the government said on Tuesday.

### [United States Secretary of State John F. Kerry holds separate talks with Israeli and Palestinian leaders, his first on their home turf in over a year since Israeli-Palestinian negotiations broke down in the spring of 2014, in a bid to curb the persistent wave of violence that erupted two months ago. ](/news/2015/11/24/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-f-kerry-holds-separate-talks-with-israeli-and-palestinian-leaders-his-first-on-their-home-turf-in-ov.md)
Secretary of State John F. Kerry held separate talks with Israeli and Palestinian leaders Tuesday in a bid to curb the persistent wave of violence that erupted two months ago.

### [A military court in Bangkok charges two men, Adem Karadag and Yusufu Miefaili, with offences related to the 2015 Bangkok bombing. ](/news/2015/11/24/a-military-court-in-bangkok-charges-two-men-adem-karadag-and-yusufu-miefaili-with-offences-related-to-the-2015-bangkok-bombing.md)
Two men face 10 charges in connection with the August 17 bombing at Erawan Shrine that killed 20 people.

### [A bomb blast at the Hellenic Business Federation offices in central Athens, Greece, damages the Cypriot Embassy across the street.  While there is yet no claim for responsibility the authorities suspect a domestic guerrilla group set off the blast. ](/news/2015/11/24/a-bomb-blast-at-the-hellenic-business-federation-offices-in-central-athens-greece-damages-the-cypriot-embassy-across-the-street-while-th.md)
A bomb exploded outside the offices of a Greek business federation in central Athens on Tuesday, badly damaging the nearby Cypriot Embassy but causing no injuries, police officials said.

### [Chicago, Illinois police officer Jason Van Dyke is charged with first-degree murder for the October 2014 shooting death of Laquan McDonald, a 17-year-old boy armed with a 3-inch knife. The charge comes shortly before the release of the police video showing the shooting.  Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel meets with community leaders to discuss the video's release and the potential ramifications for the city. ](/news/2015/11/24/chicago-illinois-police-officer-jason-van-dyke-is-charged-with-first-degree-murder-for-the-october-2014-shooting-death-of-laquan-mcdonald.md)
_Context: Chicago, Illinois, Laquan McDonald, Rahm Emanuel_

### [At least one person is killed after a group of armed men took people hostage in the northern French town of Roubaix near the Belgian border. The hostages are thought to be a bank director and his family. French police say the incident may be related to a robbery and not to the November 2015 attacks in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/24/at-least-one-person-is-killed-after-a-group-of-armed-men-took-people-hostage-in-the-northern-french-town-of-roubaix-near-the-belgian-border.md)
A hostage situation in a town in northern France has ended tonight.

### [Gayle Nix Jackson, granddaughter of Orville Nix who filmed U.S. President John F. Kennedy's assassination, sues the government to get the original copy of her grandfather's movie back -- or to get paid for it. A former FBI analyst said, "The film is a mirror image of the Zapruder film from the other side of Dealey Plaza." ](/news/2015/11/24/gayle-nix-jackson-granddaughter-of-orville-nix-who-filmed-u-s-president-john-f-kennedyas-assassination-sues-the-government-to-get-the.md)
A woman whose grandfather filmed the assassination of John F Kennedy on a home movie sues the US government for its return.

### [Minneapolis, Minnesota (U.S.) police arrest three men suspected of involvement in Monday's  shooting of five people, with non-life-threatening gunshot injuries, who had been protesting the recent police killing of Jamar Clark, a  24-year-old African-American man. Protesters, who had been told to watch out for white supremacists wearing masks or camouflage clothing, said that the shooting occurred after a group of people -- three men and a woman, all wearing ski masks -- were seen filming the protest. The two officers involved in Mr. Clark's shooting are on paid leave during the investigations, including one by the Justice Department's civil rights division. ](/news/2015/11/24/minneapolis-minnesota-u-s-police-arrest-three-men-suspected-of-involvement-in-monday-s-shooting-of-five-people-with-non-life-threateni.md)
The gunfire came as Minneapolis grapples with protests over one police shooting and Chicago prepares for possible unrest over another.

### [The American Civil Liberties Union of Indiana sues Indiana Governor Mike Pence over his decision to block Syrian refugees from resettling in the state. The ACLU, on behalf of Indianapolis-based nonprofit Exodus Refugee Immigration, accuses Pence of violating the Equal Protection Clause of the Constitution by accepting refugees from other countries but not those from Syria.  ](/news/2015/11/24/the-american-civil-liberties-union-of-indiana-sues-indiana-governor-mike-pence-over-his-decision-to-block-syrian-refugees-from-resettling-in.md)
Gov. Mike Pence asked groups to redirect Syrian families coming to Indiana this month and next.

### [Antonio Costa, the leader of the Socialist Party, is named as the Prime Minister of Portugal. ](/news/2015/11/24/anta3nio-costa-the-leader-of-the-socialist-party-is-named-as-the-prime-minister-of-portugal.md)
_Context: António Costa, Prime Minister of Portugal, Socialist Party_

### [Echoing criticisms of the U.S. intelligence community in the wake of the 9/11 terrorist attacks, Derek Harvey, a former U.S. intelligence official, says that the U.S. intelligence community is failing in its assessments of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. Another unnamed source says the U.S. intelligence community is "playing catch up" regarding efforts to monitor ISIL activities in the U.S. These, following reports that U.S. Central Command intelligence analysts were instructed to give favorable spin on anti-ISIL efforts. ](/news/2015/11/24/echoing-criticisms-of-the-u-s-intelligence-community-in-the-wake-of-the-9-11-terrorist-attacks-derek-harvey-a-former-u-s-intelligence-of.md)
In echoes of the criticisms after the 9/11 attacks, a top former intelligence official and Iraq expert has said the CIA and other key spy agencies are drawing flawed conclusions about the nature and intent of the jihadist group

## [Previous Day...](/news/2015/11/23/index.md)

