### [2015-11-24](/news/2015/11/24/index.md)

# Sweden will introduce tighter border controls and asylum rules in a bid to reduce the number of asylum seekers entering the country. Sweden expects up to 190,000 asylum seekers to reach its borders this year and says its reception system cannot cope. "The situation is untenable", according to Swedish prime minister Stefan Lofven who told reporters, "to put it bluntly, more people will have to seek asylum and get protection in other European countries". 

Sweden will introduce tighter border controls and asylum rules, in a bid to reduce the number of asylum seekers reaching the country and force other EU states to take in more refugees, the government said on Tuesday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters via Thomson Reuters Foundation](http://www.trust.org/item/20151124175709-2r1xi)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/24/us-europe-migrants-sweden-idUSKBN0TD1SC20151124)

### Related:

1. [In efforts to control an influx of migrants, Denmark introduces ten days of identity checks on its southern border with Germany, while Sweden introduces similar measures on the Oresund Bridge between itself and Denmark. All three countries are subject to the Schengen Agreement on the free movement of people. ](/news/2016/01/4/in-efforts-to-control-an-influx-of-migrants-denmark-introduces-ten-days-of-identity-checks-on-its-southern-border-with-germany-while-swede.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Sweden_
2. [Swedish Interior Minister Anders Ygeman tells financial newspaper "Dagens Industri" that Sweden is disallowing about 45 percent of asylum applications which means around 60,000-80,000 asylum-seekers could be deported in coming years. ](/news/2016/01/28/swedish-interior-minister-anders-ygeman-tells-financial-newspaper-dagens-industri-that-sweden-is-disallowing-about-45-percent-of-asylum-ap.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Sweden_
3. [European Union president Donald Tusk and Swedish Prime Minister Stefan Lofven, in a joint news conference, announce Sweden will ask to transfer some migrants to other European countries under an EU relocation plan. Sweden has taken the highest number of asylum-seekers per capita in the 28-member bloc. ](/news/2015/11/4/european-union-president-donald-tusk-and-swedish-prime-minister-stefan-lapfva-c-n-in-a-joint-news-conference-announce-sweden-will-ask-to-tra.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, prime minister_
4. [Swedish police increase checks of asylum facilities in the country's southwest amid reports refugees are leaving to avoid being registered by immigration officials. ](/news/2015/11/15/swedish-police-increase-checks-of-asylum-facilities-in-the-country-s-southwest-amid-reports-refugees-are-leaving-to-avoid-being-registered-b.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Sweden_
5. [Denmark reopens rail services to Germany after closing rail lines and a motorway in order to stem the flow of migrants on their way to Sweden. ](/news/2015/09/10/denmark-reopens-rail-services-to-germany-after-closing-rail-lines-and-a-motorway-in-order-to-stem-the-flow-of-migrants-on-their-way-to-swede.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Sweden_
6. [A Swedish rescue crew finds 51 dead migrants in the hold of a boat off the coast of Libya during a rescue operation in the Mediterranean Sea that has saved 439 other people. In addition, three women are found dead in another migrant boat and another corpse is found during ten rescue operations on Wednesday that have saved around 3,000 people, according to the Italian coast guard. ](/news/2015/08/26/a-swedish-rescue-crew-finds-51-dead-migrants-in-the-hold-of-a-boat-off-the-coast-of-libya-during-a-rescue-operation-in-the-mediterranean-sea.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Sweden_
7. [Swedish Prime Minister Stefan Lofven says that neither he nor any other of his cabinet-level ministers will be attending the 70th anniversary of the end of World War II in Moscow due to Russia's actions in Ukraine. Sweden joins a large group of European countries unofficially boycotting the May 9th Victory Day parade. ](/news/2015/04/5/swedish-prime-minister-stefan-lapfven-says-that-neither-he-nor-any-other-of-his-cabinet-level-ministers-will-be-attending-the-70th-anniversa.md) _Context: Stefan Lofven, Sweden_
8. [Sweden's center-left government reaches a deal with the center-right opposition, The Alliance, giving a minority government room to govern so that the country's first snap election since 1958, originally planned for 22 March 2015, can be cancelled; the Sweden Democrats react by announcing that they will put down a motion of no confidence against Prime Minister Stefan Lofven. ](/news/2014/12/27/sweden-s-center-left-government-reaches-a-deal-with-the-center-right-opposition-the-alliance-giving-a-minority-government-room-to-govern-s.md) _Context: Stefan Lofven, Sweden_
9. [Voters in Sweden go to the polls for a general election with a leftist coalition led by the Swedish Social Democratic Party set to form government. Incumbent Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt announces that he will step aside as PM and as leader of the Moderate Party. ](/news/2014/09/14/voters-in-sweden-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-a-leftist-coalition-led-by-the-swedish-social-democratic-party-set-to-form-gove.md) _Context: Sweden, prime minister_
10. [Sweden's Prime Minister Fredrik Reinfeldt and his wife, Stockholm county council chair Filippa Reinfeldt, separate after two decades of marriage. ](/news/2012/03/7/sweden-s-prime-minister-fredrik-reinfeldt-and-his-wife-stockholm-county-council-chair-filippa-reinfeldt-separate-after-two-decades-of-marr.md) _Context: Sweden, prime minister_
