### [2015-11-24](/news/2015/11/24/index.md)

# The American Civil Liberties Union of Indiana sues Indiana Governor Mike Pence over his decision to block Syrian refugees from resettling in the state. The ACLU, on behalf of Indianapolis-based nonprofit Exodus Refugee Immigration, accuses Pence of violating the Equal Protection Clause of the Constitution by accepting refugees from other countries but not those from Syria. 

Gov. Mike Pence asked groups to redirect Syrian families coming to Indiana this month and next.


### Source:

1. [AP via Miami Herald](http://www.miamiherald.com/news/nation-world/article46183315.html)
2. [Indianapolis Star](http://www.indystar.com/story/news/politics/2015/11/23/gov-mike-pence-sued-halting-syrian-refugee-resettlement-indiana/76279528/)
3. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2015/11/18/indiana-bound-syrian-refugees-redirected-connecticut/75988858/)

### Related:

1. [President Trump signs an executive order limiting refugees and immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries, including Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The order also prioritizes the vetting of Christian refugees of the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/27/president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-limiting-refugees-and-immigration-from-seven-muslim-majority-countries-including-iran-iraq-libya.md) _Context: Syria, refugees from Syria_
2. [Democratic Senator Tim Kaine, and the Governor of Indiana Mike Pence hold the first and only vice-presidential debate of the 2016 presidential election at Longwood University in Farmville, Virginia. ](/news/2016/10/4/democratic-senator-tim-kaine-and-the-governor-of-indiana-mike-pence-hold-the-first-and-only-vice-presidential-debate-of-the-2016-presidenti.md) _Context: Governor of Indiana, Mike Pence_
3. [Donald Trump chooses Indiana governor Mike Pence as his vice presidential running mate. ](/news/2016/07/15/donald-trump-chooses-indiana-governor-mike-pence-as-his-vice-presidential-running-mate.md) _Context: Indiana, Mike Pence_
4. [Planned Parenthood and the American Civil Liberties Union sue Indiana stating the U.S. state's new abortion law is unconstitutional because it bans the procedure if sought because of genetic abnormalities. ](/news/2016/04/7/planned-parenthood-and-the-american-civil-liberties-union-sue-indiana-stating-the-u-s-state-s-new-abortion-law-is-unconstitutional-because.md) _Context: American Civil Liberties Union, Indiana_
5. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel, European Council President Donald Tusk, and European Commission Vice-President Frans Timmermans meet with Syrian refugees at a camp in the southeastern Turkish town of Nizip prior to talks with a delegation led by Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. Davutoglu stresses the importance of implementation of European Union visa liberalization for Turkish citizens in assuring the success of Europe's migrant readmission agreement with his country. Tusk announces that the EU will spend 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) this summer on projects to improve the lives of Syrian migrants. ](/news/2016/04/23/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-european-council-president-donald-tusk-and-european-commission-vice-president-frans-timmermans-meet-with-s.md) _Context: Syria, refugees from Syria_
6. [More than half of the state governors in the United States reject accepting asylum seekers from Syria after the attacks in Paris. All except one of them are Republicans. ](/news/2015/11/17/more-than-half-of-the-state-governors-in-the-united-states-reject-accepting-asylum-seekers-from-syria-after-the-attacks-in-paris-all-except.md) _Context: Syria, refugees from Syria_
7. [Indianapolis and Indiana state homeland security and police authorities now say that the $4.4 million explosion in Richmond Hill neighborhood may not be due to gas or a faulty furnace, but may somehow have been an intentional criminal homicide; they are seeking a white van that was seen in that subdivision the day of the blast with a $10,000 reward. ](/news/2012/11/19/indianapolis-and-indiana-state-homeland-security-and-police-authorities-now-say-that-the-4-4-million-explosion-in-richmond-hill-neighborhoo.md) _Context: Indiana, Indianapolis_
8. [Syrian refugees in rented houses say the Turkish police in Hatay Province faces them with the choice to either join a refugee camp or go back to Syria. ](/news/2012/10/3/syrian-refugees-in-rented-houses-say-the-turkish-police-in-hatay-province-faces-them-with-the-choice-to-either-join-a-refugee-camp-or-go-bac.md) _Context: Syria, refugees from Syria_
9. [Indiana Governor Mitch Daniels cuts government funding for Planned Parenthood because it provides abortions. ](/news/2011/05/10/indiana-governor-mitch-daniels-cuts-government-funding-for-planned-parenthood-because-it-provides-abortions.md) _Context: Governor of Indiana, Indiana_
10. [Seven members of the White Helmets are shot dead by unidentified gunmen who stormed their office in rebel-held Sarmin, in northwestern Syria. ](/news/2017/08/12/seven-members-of-the-white-helmets-are-shot-dead-by-unidentified-gunmen-who-stormed-their-office-in-rebel-held-sarmin-in-northwestern-syria.md) _Context: Syria_
