### [2015-11-24](/news/2015/11/24/index.md)

# Turkish F-16 fighter jets shoot down a Russian Sukhoi Su-24 aircraft that had allegedly infringed its airspace near the Syrian border. Russia's Ministry of Defence denies the Su-24 entered Turkish airspace and initially said it was shot down by ground fire over Syria's Latakia Governorate. A video emerged of one pilot killed as local rebel Turkmen fighters shot at him while he was parachuting and a video of his body, while the fate of the other pilot is unknown but is presumed dead. A combat search and rescue mission by Russian forces failed to reach them. It is the first time a NATO member has shot down a Russian plane since the 1950s. 

Turkish warplanes shoot down a Russian military aircraft on the border with Syria, an act President Vladimir Putin describes as &quot;stab in the back&quot;.


### Source:

1. [AFP via The Express Tribune](http://tribune.com.pk/story/997532/nato-calls-extraordinary-meeting-after-turkey-downs-russian-jet/)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-34917485)
3. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-34907983#)
4. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-34912581)
5. [Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/vladimir-putin-warns-of-serious-consequences-following-turkey-shooting-down-russian-jet-a6746836.html)
6. [Irish Independent](http://www.independent.ie/world-news/middle-east/turkey-shoots-down-russian-fighter-jet-near-syrian-border-34228526.html)
7. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/24/us-mideast-syria-crisis-helicopter-idUSKBN0TD1KQ20151124)
8. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/middleeast/syria/12013212/Turkey-shoots-down-Russian-military-plane-on-Syria-border-live.html)

### Related:

1. [Turkey's president Recep Tayyip Erdogan warns Russia not to "play with fire" and says Russia is supporting the "state terrorism" of the Bashar al-Assad regime in Syria that has "killed 380,000 people". Relations between the former Cold War antagonists have been severely damaged after Turkey shot down a Russian Sukhoi Su-24 near the Syria-Turkey border on November 24, 2015. ](/news/2015/11/27/turkey-s-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-warns-russia-not-to-play-with-fire-and-says-russia-is-supporting-the-state-terrorism-of-the-bas.md) _Context: 2015 Russian Sukhoi Su-24 shootdown, Russia, Sukhoi Su-24, Syria, Turkish_
2. [Turkey says a Russian warplane violated its airspace near the Syrian border, prompting the Turkish Air Force to scramble two F-16 fighter jets to intercept it. The Foreign Ministry summoned Russia's ambassador to protest the violation and urged Russia to avoid repeating such a violation, or it would be held "responsible for any undesired incident that may occur". ](/news/2015/10/5/turkey-says-a-russian-warplane-violated-its-airspace-near-the-syrian-border-prompting-the-turkish-air-force-to-scramble-two-f-16-fighter-je.md) _Context: F-16, Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syria, Turkish_
3. [NATO allies agree to send aircraft and ships to strengthen Turkey's Syrian border air defenses and avoid incidents similar to November's  downing of a Russian jet. ](/news/2015/12/18/nato-allies-agree-to-send-aircraft-and-ships-to-strengthen-turkey-s-syrian-border-air-defenses-and-avoid-incidents-similar-to-november-s-do.md) _Context: 2015 Russian Sukhoi Su-24 shootdown, NATO, Syria, Turkish_
4. [Turkish  Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu says the body of the pilot from the Sukhoi Su-24 jet downed this past Tuesday will be handed over to Russia. The body is being treated in accordance with the Orthodox tradition. Russia's military attache is going to Hatay in southern Turkey as part of the procedures to recover the remains. Turkish officials refused to comment on how they came to be in possession of the body. ](/news/2015/11/29/turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-says-the-body-of-the-pilot-from-the-sukhoi-su-24-jet-downed-this-past-tuesday-will-be-handed-over-t.md) _Context: 2015 Russian Sukhoi Su-24 shootdown, Russia, Sukhoi Su-24, Turkish_
5. [Russian Defense Minister, Sergey Shoigu, says Russia will deploy its S-400 defense missile system at the Khmeimim Air Base in Syria's Latakia Governorate. ](/news/2015/11/25/russian-defense-minister-sergey-shoigu-says-russia-will-deploy-its-s-400-defense-missile-system-at-the-khmeimim-air-base-in-syria-s-lataki.md) _Context: Latakia Governorate, Russia, Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War, Syria_
6. [Syrian civil war:Russia arms Syria with Iskander missiles in response to NATO's stationing of Patriot missile defense systems in Turkey. ](/news/2012/12/8/syrian-civil-war-prussia-arms-syria-with-iskander-missiles-in-response-to-nato-s-stationing-of-patriot-missile-defense-systems-in-turkey.md) _Context: NATO, Russia, Syria, Turkish_
7. [The United Nations Security Council unanimously votes in favor of the Russian and Turkey-backed ceasefire currently in effect in Syria. ](/news/2017/01/1/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-votes-in-favor-of-the-russian-and-turkey-backed-ceasefire-currently-in-effect-in-syria.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Turkish_
8. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Turkish_
9. [The Russian ambassador to Turkey Andrei Karlov is killed in a gun attack at an art gallery in Ankara. Russia calls the assassin, 22-year old police officer, Mevlut Mert Altintas, a "terrorist". Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu goes to Moscow for a planned trilateral meeting on Syria, saying "the incident will not impact relations between Turkey and Russia". ](/news/2016/12/19/the-russian-ambassador-to-turkey-andrei-karlov-is-killed-in-a-gun-attack-at-an-art-gallery-in-ankara-russia-calls-the-assassin-22-year-old.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Turkish_
10. [Russia withdraws a request to refuel three of its warships, including the flagship of the Russian Navy, ''Admiral Kuznetsov'', en route to Syria, at the Spanish port of Ceuta following NATO pressure on the Spanish government to not allow the warships to dock. ](/news/2016/10/26/russia-withdraws-a-request-to-refuel-three-of-its-warships-including-the-flagship-of-the-russian-navy-admiral-kuznetsov-en-route-to-s.md) _Context: NATO, Russia, Syria_
