### [2015-11-24](/news/2015/11/24/index.md)

# U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. 

Of the 120 major outbreaks during 2010 to 2014, fruits, leafy greens, and beef were among the most commonly implicated foods.


### Source:

1. [Washington Post-2](http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/to-your-health/wp/2015/11/03/major-foodborne-outbreaks-in-u-s-have-tripled-in-last-20-years/)
2. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/news/to-your-health/wp/2015/11/24/costco-chicken-salad-linked-to-e-coli-outbreak-in-7-states-cdc-says/?wpmm=1&wpisrc=nl_evening)
3. [AP via MSN](http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/us/e-coli-tied-to-costco-more-dangerous-than-chipotle-outbreak/ar-BBnr89W?li=BBnbfcL)

### Related:

1. [Health authorities in the United States say that 53 people in nine states have been sickened in a salmonella outbreak. California is the worst affected state with 31 cases with the other states with cases include Arizona, Illinois, Mississippi, New Mexico, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. ](/news/2015/05/21/health-authorities-in-the-united-states-say-that-53-people-in-nine-states-have-been-sickened-in-a-salmonella-outbreak-california-is-the-wor.md) _Context: California, U.S., Virginia, Washington_
2. [Effective midnight, Washington, D.C. joins Alaska, Colorado, and Washington state as the only places in the United States that locally purport to override federal law and allow the use of marijuana for recreational purposes. ](/news/2015/02/26/effective-midnight-washington-d-c-joins-alaska-colorado-and-washington-state-as-the-only-places-in-the-united-states-that-locally-purpo.md) _Context: Colorado, U.S., Washington_
3. [ The Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Food and Drug Administration searches two spinach packaging companies in the Salinas Valley in California for evidence related to a recent outbreak of ''E. coli'' in the United States and Canada that made 200 people sick. ](/news/2006/10/4/the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-and-the-food-and-drug-administration-searches-two-spinach-packaging-companies-in-the-salinas-valley-in.md) _Context: ''E. coli'', California, U.S._
4. [The U.S. states of North Carolina and Virginia declare a state of emergency over gas shortages as a result of the Colonial pipeline leak in Shelby County, Alabama. ](/news/2016/09/19/the-u-s-states-of-north-carolina-and-virginia-declare-a-state-of-emergency-over-gas-shortages-as-a-result-of-the-colonial-pipeline-leak-in.md) _Context: U.S., Virginia_
5. [Six people are killed and 10 injured when a van crashes in the U.S. state of Virginia. ](/news/2016/06/18/six-people-are-killed-and-10-injured-when-a-van-crashes-in-the-u-s-state-of-virginia.md) _Context: U.S., Virginia_
6. [Lake Mead in Mohave County, Arizona, the largest reservoir in the United States, drops to its lowest level in history, declining to its lowest level since it was filled in the 1930s. The reservoir serves water to the states of Arizona, Nevada and California. ](/news/2016/05/21/lake-mead-in-mohave-county-arizona-the-largest-reservoir-in-the-united-states-drops-to-its-lowest-level-in-history-declining-to-its-lowe.md) _Context: California, U.S._
7. [The U.S. state of Utah declares pornography a "public health risk" in a move Governor of Utah Gary Herbert says is to "protect our families and our young people". The bill, signed by the governor, does not ban pornography in the state but does call for greater "efforts to prevent pornography exposure and addiction". ](/news/2016/04/20/the-u-s-state-of-utah-declares-pornography-a-public-health-risk-in-a-move-governor-of-utah-gary-herbert-says-is-to-protect-our-families.md) _Context: U.S., Utah_
8. [In the United States, a Lancair IV plane crashes into a car stopped along a highway, 50 miles north of San Diego, California, killing car passenger Antoinette "Toni" Frances Isbelle, a member of the WFTDA's San Diego Starlettes roller derby team. Five others, including the pilot, are hospitalized. ](/news/2016/04/2/in-the-united-states-a-lancair-iv-plane-crashes-into-a-car-stopped-along-a-highway-50-miles-north-of-san-diego-california-killing-car-pa.md) _Context: California, U.S._
9. [Voters in the U.S. states of Florida, Illinois, Ohio, Missouri, North Carolina and the commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries that the media has dubbed "Super Tuesday 2". ](/news/2016/03/15/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-florida-illinois-ohio-missouri-north-carolina-and-the-commonwealth-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-head-to.md) _Context: Missouri, U.S._
10. [Voters in the U.S. states of Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, and the overseas territory of American Samoa go to the polls to vote on Super Tuesday. ](/news/2016/03/1/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-alabama-alaska-arkansas-colorado-georgia-massachusetts-minnesota-oklahoma-tennessee-texas-vermont-vi.md) _Context: Colorado, Virginia_
