### [2015-12-6](/news/2015/12/6/index.md)

# A series of air strikes in Syria's Raqqa province, believed to be carried out by U.S.-led coalition warplanes, leaves at least 32 Islamic State fighters killed and 40 more wounded. The final toll could rise as casualty figures were collected from a single hospital. The jets hit IS headquarters and bases to the north, east, and southeast of provincial capital Raqqa city. 

Fighters killed in some 15 strikes on IS Raqqa stronghold.


### Source:

1. [AFP via Dawn](http://www.dawn.com/news/1224629/32-is-fighters-killed-in-us-led-raids-on-syria-assad-slams-uks-participation)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-islamic-state-idUSKBN0TP0HD20151206#El2Bc7yBmXaeHK8j.97)

### Related:

1. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that at least 50 United States military instructors have deployed to northern Syria from Turkey and Iraq to train Kurdish forces ahead of an assault on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah. ](/news/2015/11/30/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-that-at-least-50-united-states-military-instructors-have-deployed-to-northern-syria-from-tur.md) _Context: Al-Raqqah, Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
2. [The United States Marine Corps' 11th Marine Expeditionary Unit arrives in Syria ahead of a Syrian Democratic Forces operation to take control of ISIL's de facto capital of Raqqa. ](/news/2017/03/8/the-united-states-marine-corps-11th-marine-expeditionary-unit-arrives-in-syria-ahead-of-a-syrian-democratic-forces-operation-to-take-contro.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Islamic State, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [ A U.S. airstrike in Al-Raqqah, Syria, kills four ISIL leaders, two of which were confirmed to have roles in the November 2015 Paris Attacks. ](/news/2016/12/14/a-u-s-airstrike-in-al-raqqah-syria-kills-four-isil-leaders-two-of-which-were-confirmed-to-have-roles-in-the-november-2015-paris-attacks.md) _Context: Al-Raqqah, Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL, Syria_
4. [The United States acknowledges that its warplanes may have hit a Syrian Army position near Deir ez-Zor Airport in eastern Syria, while conducting an operation against ISIL, killing more than 60 Syrian troops. ](/news/2016/09/17/the-united-states-acknowledges-that-its-warplanes-may-have-hit-a-syrian-army-position-near-deir-ez-zor-airport-in-eastern-syria-while-condu.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Islamic State, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [The British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports U.S.-led coalition airstrikes on the  Islamic State-held city of Manbij in northern Syria kill at least 56 civilians, including 11 children, and injure dozens more. ](/news/2016/07/19/the-british-based-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-u-s-led-coalition-airstrikes-on-the-islamic-state-held-city-of-manbij-in-nor.md) _Context: Islamic State, Syria, Syrian Civil War, airstrike_
6. [The United States military says ISIL's so-called minister-of-war, Abu Omar al-Shishani, ne Tarkhan Tayumurazovich Batirashvili, appears to have been killed in a U.S. air strike near the town of Al-Shaddadi in Syria. ](/news/2016/03/8/the-united-states-military-says-isil-s-so-called-minister-of-war-abu-omar-al-shishani-na-c-tarkhan-tayumurazovich-batirashvili-appears-to.md) _Context: Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL, Syria, airstrike_
7. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a drone attack,  "most likely operated by the US-led coalition," kills Abu al-Hija, a high-ranking Tunisian ISIL commander, near the Islamic State's de facto Syrian capital Raqqa. ](/news/2016/03/31/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-drone-attack-amost-likely-operated-by-the-us-led-coalition-a-kills-abu-al-hija-a-hi.md) _Context: Al-Raqqah, Islamic State, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Airstrikes by Syrian or Russian warplanes on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah in northern Syria, leaves at least 39 people dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Airstrikes on the city of Palmyra and nearby villages are said to have killed at least 18 ISIL militants, as the Syrian Army advance on the city. ](/news/2016/03/19/airstrikes-by-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-on-isil-s-de-facto-capital-al-raqqah-in-northern-syria-leaves-at-least-39-people-dead-according.md) _Context: Al-Raqqah, Islamic State, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [A senior Iraqi intelligence official, who is also a Syrian activist leader, says Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant commander Omar al-Shishani (Omar the Chechen, real name Tarkhan Tayumurazovich Batirashvili) died of wounds suffered in a March 4 U.S. airstrike  near the Syrian town of Al-Shaddadah. The U.S. State Department offered up to $5 million for information on his whereabouts.  Amaq news agency, which supports ISIL, says Shishani is neither dead nor hurt. ](/news/2016/03/15/a-senior-iraqi-intelligence-official-who-is-also-a-syrian-activist-leader-says-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-commander-omar-al-shis.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Islamic State, Syria, airstrike_
10. [Syrian Civil War, Military intervention against ISIL The United States military announces that a key Islamic State leader with ties to the Paris attack terrorists was killed in a coalition airstrike on December 24, 2015.  Charaffe al Mouadan is the  tenth ISIL leader killed by an airstrike since December 7. ](/news/2015/12/29/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-pthe-united-states-military-announces-that-a-key-islamic-state-leader-with-ties-to-the.md) _Context: Islamic State, Military intervention against ISIL, Syrian Civil War, airstrike_
