### [2015-12-6](/news/2015/12/6/index.md)

# Elementary and middle schools in the Chinese capital Beijing suspend outdoor activities due to heavy smog. 

BEIJING (Bloomberg) - Elementary and middle schools in Beijing will suspend outdoor activities from Monday to Wednesday after China&#039;s capital issued an orange alert for smog this week, Xinhua news agency reported on Sunday (Dec 6).. Read more at straitstimes.com.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg vs ''The Straits Times](http://www.straitstimes.com/asia/east-asia/beijing-suspends-outdoor-activity-at-schools-as-smog-returns)

### Related:

1. [The Chinese government warns residents in Northern China to prepare for a wave of choking smog arriving over the weekend and lasting through Tuesday, with Beijing affected hardest. The capital city issues its second-ever "red alert" -- the first was announced on December 7, 2015. This alert triggers the odd-even license plate system to halve cars on the road, and recommends schools close. China's National Meteorological Center reports the pollution will stretch from Xi'an, across part of Central China, through Beijing and up into Shenyang and Harbin in China's frigid northeast. ](/news/2015/12/18/the-chinese-government-warns-residents-in-northern-china-to-prepare-for-a-wave-of-choking-smog-arriving-over-the-weekend-and-lasting-through.md) _Context: Beijing, Pollution in China, smog_
2. [Beijing's city government issues its first red alert for pollution, ordering schools to close, halting outdoor construction, and restricting car use due to hazardous air quality. ](/news/2015/12/7/beijing-s-city-government-issues-its-first-red-alert-for-pollution-ordering-schools-to-close-halting-outdoor-construction-and-restricting.md) _Context: Beijing, Pollution in China_
3. [Chinese human rights lawyer Pu Zhiqiang goes on trial in Beijing for online social commentary critical of the ruling Communist Party. ](/news/2015/12/14/chinese-human-rights-lawyer-pu-zhiqiang-goes-on-trial-in-beijing-for-online-social-commentary-critical-of-the-ruling-communist-party.md) _Context: Beijing, Chinese_
4. [The capitals of the world's two most populous nations, China and India, are blanketed in hazardous, choking smog. Beijing, on the second-highest pollution alert, is closing highways, halting or suspending construction while warning residents to stay indoors. The U.S. New Delhi embassy's monitoring station recorded an air quality index of 372,  putting air pollution levels into "hazardous" territory. No action by the New Delhi government. ](/news/2015/11/30/the-capitals-of-the-worldas-two-most-populous-nations-china-and-india-are-blanketed-in-hazardous-choking-smog-beijing-on-the-second-h.md) _Context: Beijing, smog_
5. [A stalemate between China and India leads to fears that the ongoing stand-off over Doklam in the Himalayas, disputed by Bhutan, may continue into the winter. It comes after rumors that Indian National Security Adviser Ajit Doval may travel to Beijing later this month. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/beijing-wont-have-formal-talks-with-india-stand-off-may-continue-till-winter-chinese-expert/articleshow/59615025.cms (Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/16/a-stalemate-between-china-and-india-leads-to-fears-that-the-ongoing-stand-off-over-doklam-in-the-himalayas-disputed-by-bhutan-may-continue.md) _Context: Beijing_
6. [Following the death of 22-year-old U.S. student Otto Warmbier, touring firm Young Pioneer Tours, who arranged Otto's visit to North Korea, say they will no longer be taking U.S. citizens to North Korea as the "risk is too high". Beijing-based Koryo Tours say they are reviewing their positions on taking U.S. citizens to the country. ](/news/2017/06/20/following-the-death-of-22-year-old-u-s-student-otto-warmbier-touring-firm-young-pioneer-tours-who-arranged-otto-s-visit-to-north-korea-s.md) _Context: Beijing_
7. [The Government of China begins a two-day summit in Beijing, in an attempt to raise international support for its Belt and Road Initiative. ](/news/2017/05/14/the-government-of-china-begins-a-two-day-summit-in-beijing-in-an-attempt-to-raise-international-support-for-its-belt-and-road-initiative.md) _Context: Beijing_
8. [Prime Minister of Norway Erna Solberg meets with Premier of the People's Republic of China Li Keqiang in Beijing to announce the end of a diplomatic freeze between the countries and the resumption of free trade negotiations between China and Norway. ](/news/2017/04/7/prime-minister-of-norway-erna-solberg-meets-with-premier-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-li-keqiang-in-beijing-to-announce-the-end-of-a-di.md) _Context: Beijing_
9. [A boat with 31 people on board, including more than 20 Chinese tourists, goes missing after sailing from the eastern Malaysian port of Kota Kinabalu to visit the island of Pulau Mengalum. ](/news/2017/01/28/a-boat-with-31-people-on-board-including-more-than-20-chinese-tourists-goes-missing-after-sailing-from-the-eastern-malaysian-port-of-kota.md) _Context: Chinese_
10. [Pro-Beijing Hong Kong leader CY Leung says he will quit after his term ends. ](/news/2016/12/9/pro-beijing-hong-kong-leader-cy-leung-says-he-will-quit-after-his-term-ends.md) _Context: Beijing_
