### [2015-12-6](/news/2015/12/6/index.md)

# Germany's vice-chancellor, Sigmar Gabriel, accuses Saudi Arabia of financing Islamic extremism in the West and warns that it must stop. He tells German media, "We have to make clear to the Saudis that the time of looking away is over, Wahhabi mosques all over the world are financed by Saudi Arabia. Many Islamists who are a threat to public safety come from these communities in Germany". His comments come days after Germany's Federal Intelligence Service released a report saying Saudi Arabia was "destabilizing" the Arab world. 

In a highly unusual moment of a Western politician attacking a critical Arab ally, Sigmar Gabriel says the time has come to make it clear to Riyadh the time of looking away is over


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/germany/12035838/German-vice-chancellor-accuses-Saudi-Arabia-of-funding-Islamic-extremism-in-the-West.html)

### Related:

1. [Germany's Federal Intelligence Service (BND) says Saudi Arabia is at risk of becoming a major destabilizing influence in the Arab world due to the diplomatic stance of some senior members of the House of Saud. ](/news/2015/12/3/germany-s-federal-intelligence-service-bnd-says-saudi-arabia-is-at-risk-of-becoming-a-major-destabilizing-influence-in-the-arab-world-due.md) _Context: Arab world, BND, Germany, Saudi Arabia_
2. [A report alleges that the German BND has been spying on journalists in Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/02/24/a-report-alleges-that-the-german-bnd-has-been-spying-on-journalists-in-afghanistan.md) _Context: BND, Germany_
3. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: Germany, Saudi Arabia_
4. [ In Germany, former deputy defense minister Holger Pfahls admits that in 1990 he took a bribe worth million euros from arms dealer Karlheinz Schreiber in connection of a sale of armored vehicles to the US. He is in trial accused of taking bribes from Saudi Arabia in a similar deal in 1991. ](/news/2005/06/28/in-germany-former-deputy-defense-minister-holger-pfahls-admits-that-in-1990-he-took-a-bribe-worth-million-euros-from-arms-dealer-karlheinz.md) _Context: Germany, Saudi Arabia_
5. [Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-president-donald-trump-who-is.md) _Context: Germany_
6. [Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization  (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt-bahrain-and-unit.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
7. [Konstanz shootingA man shoots several people in a nightclub in Konstanz, Germany, killing one. The gunman was shot and killed by police. ](/news/2017/07/30/konstanz-shootingpa-man-shoots-several-people-in-a-nightclub-in-konstanz-germany-killing-one-the-gunman-was-shot-and-killed-by-police.md) _Context: Germany_
8. [Eighteen people are dead after a bus collides with a truck in the German state of Bavaria.  ](/news/2017/07/3/eighteen-people-are-dead-after-a-bus-collides-with-a-truck-in-the-german-state-of-bavaria.md) _Context: Germany_
9. [Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-of-the-u-s-decisio.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
10. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: Germany_
