### [2015-12-6](/news/2015/12/6/index.md)

# Iraq's government gives Turkey 48 hours to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq or face "all available options", including recourse to the UN Security Council. 

Iraq on Sunday gave Turkey 48 hours to withdraw forces it said had entered the country illegally or face &quot;all available options&quot;, including recourse to the UN Security Council.


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo](https://uk.news.yahoo.com/iraq-gives-turkish-forces-48-hours-leave-country-203701419.html#syTT6Ql)

### Related:

1. [Turkey refuses to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq despite being given a 48 hour ultimatum by Iraq to leave the country. Turkey says the troops are there as part of an international mission to train and equip Iraqi forces to fight against the Islamic State. The Iraqi government says it never invited such a force, and will take its case to the United Nations if they are not pulled out. ](/news/2015/12/7/turkey-refuses-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-despite-being-given-a-48-hour-ultimatum-by-iraq-to-leave-the-country-turkey-says-t.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Iraqi Kurdistan, Turkey, Turkish troops_
2. [Turkey calls on all its citizens to leave all areas of Iraq except Iraqi Kurdistan, due to "increased security risks". ](/news/2015/12/9/turkey-calls-on-all-its-citizens-to-leave-all-areas-of-iraq-except-iraqi-kurdistan-due-to-increased-security-risks.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Iraqi Kurdistan, Turkey_
3. [Turkish Armed Forces claims that it has killed three Kurdistan Workers' Party fighters in air strikes in southeastern Turkey near the borders with Iraq. ](/news/2016/09/1/turkish-armed-forces-claims-that-it-has-killed-three-kurdistan-workers-party-fighters-in-air-strikes-in-southeastern-turkey-near-the-border.md) _Context: Iraq, Turkey, Turkish troops_
4. [The Government of Iraq calls on Turkey to withdraw its troops from northern Iraq, near the Islamic State-controlled city of Mosul. Iraq's Foreign Ministry said Turkish forces had entered Iraqi territory without the knowledge of the central government in Baghdad. ](/news/2015/12/5/the-government-of-iraq-calls-on-turkey-to-withdraw-its-troops-from-northern-iraq-near-the-islamic-state-controlled-city-of-mosul-iraq-s-fo.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Turkey_
5. [Iraq's Foreign Minister, Ibrahim al-Jaafari, renewed demands that Turkey fully withdraw its troops from northern Iraq, asserting that Turkey must respect Iraq's sovereignty or face potential military action. Last month the Turkish army mounted a big offensive invasion into Iraq's Kurdish territory including tanks and artillery without permission or even negotiation with the Iraqi government. ](/news/2015/12/30/iraq-s-foreign-minister-ibrahim-al-jaafari-renewed-demands-that-turkey-fully-withdraw-its-troops-from-northern-iraq-asserting-that-turkey.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Turkey_
6. [Turkey's foreign ministry says it will  continue to move some of its troops out of a military base at Bashiqa in Nineveh province in northern Iraq.  ](/news/2015/12/19/turkeyas-foreign-ministry-says-it-will-continue-to-move-some-of-its-troops-out-of-a-military-base-at-bashiqa-in-nineveh-province-in-north.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Iraqi Kurdistan, Turkey_
7. [Turkey's air force launches a new wave of air-raids bombing PKK positions in northern Iraq and southeastern Turkey. Turkish warplanes destroy PKK fuel and ammunition depots in the Hakkari province on the border with Iraq, as well as, in the eastern Kars province, according to a military statement. ](/news/2015/10/4/turkey-s-air-force-launches-a-new-wave-of-air-raids-bombing-pkk-positions-in-northern-iraq-and-southeastern-turkey-turkish-warplanes-destro.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Kurdistan, Turkey_
8. [Fighting in the south-eastern Sirnak Province kills thirty-four PKK militants, four civilians, and two Turkish soldiers. Also, the Turkish military conducts airstrikes on PKK camps in Iraq's northern Dohuk Governorate. ](/news/2015/09/26/fighting-in-the-south-eastern-aa-rnak-province-kills-thirty-four-pkk-militants-four-civilians-and-two-turkish-soldiers-also-the-turkish.md) _Context: Iraq, Turkey, Turkish troops_
9. [Turkish warplanes carry out a series of airstrikes against suspected Kurdish targets in Iraq and Turkish soldiers withdraw from Iraqi territory after sending troops in pursuit of Kurdish rebels in the latest fighting between Turkey and Kurdish rebels. ](/news/2010/06/17/turkish-warplanes-carry-out-a-series-of-airstrikes-against-suspected-kurdish-targets-in-iraq-and-turkish-soldiers-withdraw-from-iraqi-territ.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Kurdistan, Turkey_
10. [ Turkey bombs Kurdish military targets in northern Iraq. ](/news/2008/10/11/turkey-bombs-kurdish-military-targets-in-northern-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Kurdistan, Turkey_
