### [2015-12-6](/news/2015/12/6/index.md)

#  Rival governments in eastern and western Libya reach the initial phase of an agreement designed to foster elections that would bring about a single ruling entity in the North African country. The deal must  be endorsed by the internationally-recognized government in Tobruk and the General National Congress in Tripoli. 

Rival governments in Libya reached the initial phase of a deal designed to foster future elections for a single ruling entity.


### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2015/12/06/Rival-governments-in-Libya-reach-power-sharing-agreement/1051449444071/?spt=hs&or=tn_int)

### Related:

1. [The unrecognized House of Representatives, one of the rival governments based in eastern Libya, ships its first cargo of crude oil in defiance of the U.N.-backed authorities in the capital Tripoli in a move that could deepen divisions within the country. The Tripoli-based government asked the United Nations Security Council yesterday to blacklist the tanker. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-unrecognized-house-of-representatives-one-of-the-rival-governments-based-in-eastern-libya-ships-its-first-cargo-of-crude-oil-in-defian.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, Tripoli_
2. [The New General National Congress (Libya Dawn) which controls the capital Tripoli, and much of western Libya, threatens to send 'hundreds of thousands' of refugees to Europe unless the European Union recognizes the Islamist-led government. ](/news/2015/11/3/the-new-general-national-congress-libya-dawn-which-controls-the-capital-tripoli-and-much-of-western-libya-threatens-to-send-hundreds-of.md) _Context: General National Congress, Libya, Tripoli_
3. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present) A Libyan helicopter carrying cash for a local bank on the way out and  returning to Tripoli with passengers is shot down near the coastal Almaya area west of the capital city, killing at least 14 of its 23 passengers including senior officers Hosein Bodaya and Duhain Al-Rammah, officials with Libya's Dawn militias. ](/news/2015/10/27/libyan-civil-war-2014apresent-pa-libyan-helicopter-carrying-cash-for-a-local-bank-on-the-way-out-and-returning-to-tripoli-with-passenge.md) _Context: General National Congress, Libya, Tripoli_
4. [ At least eight are killed in clashes in Tripoli, Libya. ](/news/2016/12/2/at-least-eight-are-killed-in-clashes-in-tripoli-libya.md) _Context: Libya, Tripoli_
5. [An Mi-8 transport helicopter crashes near the eastern Libyan city of Tobruk, killing at least six people. ](/news/2016/09/20/an-mi-8-transport-helicopter-crashes-near-the-eastern-libyan-city-of-tobruk-killing-at-least-six-people.md) _Context: Libya, Tobruk_
6. [A Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) ship rescues 209 people, including 50 children, from two dinghies in distress in the Mediterranean Sea but finds 22 dead bodies, 21 women and a child, lying in a pool of fuel in the bottom of one of the boats. The dinghies were 17 miles east of Tripoli, Libya. Cause of death is unknown, though an MSF official says it could be that fumes from mixed fuel and water rendered the people unconscious. The MSF ship is expected to arrive in the Sicilian port of Trapani on Friday.](/news/2016/07/20/a-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-ship-rescues-209-people-including-50-children-from-two-dinghies-in-distress-in-the.md) _Context: Libya, Tripoli_
7. [An oil tanker, sent from Eastern Libya by a rival to the  internationally recognized Government of National Accord, returns with its cargo to the refinery at Zawiya in western Libya. The United Nations blacklisted the shipment on Wednesday. ](/news/2016/05/1/an-oil-tanker-sent-from-eastern-libya-by-a-rival-to-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-national-accord-returns-with-its-cargo-t.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War_
8. [The self-declared National Salvation government, one of the rival governments of Libya, resigns and gives up power to the UN-backed Libyan Presidential Council in Tripoli. ](/news/2016/04/6/the-self-declared-national-salvation-government-one-of-the-rival-governments-of-libya-resigns-and-gives-up-power-to-the-un-backed-libyan-p.md) _Context: Libya, Tripoli_
9. [In response to the U.N.-backed Government of National Accord's plea, the United Nations Security Council blacklists the tanker shipping crude oil by the unrecognized rival House of Representatives government in eastern Libya. ](/news/2016/04/28/in-response-to-the-u-n-backed-government-of-national-accord-s-plea-the-united-nations-security-council-blacklists-the-tanker-shipping-crud.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War_
10. [Spillover of the Tunisia's army and security forces kill another five suspected terrorists in an operation near the Libyan border. ](/news/2016/03/8/spillover-of-the-tunisia-s-army-and-security-forces-kill-another-five-suspected-terrorists-in-an-operation-near-the-libyan-border.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War_
