### [2015-12-6](/news/2015/12/6/index.md)

# Venezuelan opposition leaders say their Democratic Unity Roundtable  has won control of the 167-seat legislature from the ruling Socialists for the first time since 1998.  There is no confirmation on Sunday's election from the national electoral board. An opposition victory would be a major setback for the socialist revolution started 17 years ago by the late Hugo Chavez. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/08f41ab3928b490f81647579ab2f1dcb/challenge-socialists-venezuelans-elect-legislature)
2. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/L/LT_VENEZUELA_ELECTIONS?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-venezuela-election-idUSKBN0TP03Y20151207#kBG7mf0wty4AB8cq.97)

### Related:

1. [Venezuela's National Electoral Council announces  the  opposition Democratic Unity Roundtable (MUD) has won at least  99 seats in the 167-member National Assembly in Sunday's elections. The  previous-ruling United Social Party of Venezuela (PSUV) picked up 46. Results for 22 contests remain to be determined. Voter turnout was a stunning 74.3 percent. "Within seconds," President Nicolas Maduro recognized the opposition's win, saying that despite (his party's) adverse result, Venezuela's democracy has triumphed. ](/news/2015/12/7/venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-announces-the-opposition-democratic-unity-roundtable-mud-has-won-at-least-99-seats-in-the-167-me.md) _Context: Democratic Unity Roundtable, United Social Party of Venezuela, Venezuela, landslide victory in the December 6 election_
2. [The Venezuelan Supreme Court  bars four incoming lawmakers (three from the opposition and one from the ruling Socialist party) from taking office, putting  the opposition's two-thirds legislative "supermajority" at risk, won via a landslide victory in the December 6 election by just one seat. The court is yet to specify the quorum for the new House, which would determine the number of seats needed for a  two-thirds majority.  The new National Assembly convenes Tuesday. ](/news/2015/12/31/the-venezuelan-supreme-court-bars-four-incoming-lawmakers-three-from-the-opposition-and-one-from-the-ruling-socialist-party-from-taking-o.md) _Context: Democratic Unity Roundtable, National Assembly, landslide victory in the December 6 election_
3. [Venezuela announces it will suspend the sale of alcoholic beverages, fireworks and weapons before Sunday's parliamentary elections, starting Friday at 6 p.m. until next Monday at 6 p.m. Civilian permits for the possession and use of firearms and knives will be also be suspended for the same period. ](/news/2015/11/30/venezuela-announces-it-will-suspend-the-sale-of-alcoholic-beverages-fireworks-and-weapons-before-sunday-s-parliamentary-elections-starting.md) _Context: National Assembly, Venezuela, landslide victory in the December 6 election_
4. [Voters in Venezuela go to the polls for gubernatorial elections with Hugo Chavez's Socialist Party winning in at least 19 of 23 states. ](/news/2012/12/16/voters-in-venezuela-go-to-the-polls-for-gubernatorial-elections-with-hugo-cha-vez-s-socialist-party-winning-in-at-least-19-of-23-states.md) _Context: Hugo Chávez, United Social Party of Venezuela, Venezuela_
5. [In a ruling, Venezuela's Supreme Court says it "guarantees congressional functions will be exercised by" itself, authorizing president Nicolas Maduro to create oil joint ventures without the previously mandated congressional approval. Opposition leaders call it a "coup", while Peru recalls its ambassador. ](/news/2017/03/30/in-a-ruling-venezuela-s-supreme-court-says-it-guarantees-congressional-functions-will-be-exercised-by-itself-authorizing-president-nicol.md) _Context: National Assembly, Venezuela_
6. [Per Venezuela's National Electoral Council's ruling, citizens  across the country queue up for  fingerprint validation of 1,850,000 signatures on referendum to recall President Nicolas Maduro. The opposition Democratic Unity Roundtable  must validate 197,000 signatures (1 percent of registered voters) by Friday, in this first step  of the recall referendum process. ](/news/2016/06/20/per-venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-s-ruling-citizens-across-the-country-queue-up-for-fingerprint-validation-of-1-850-000-signatur.md) _Context: Democratic Unity Roundtable, Venezuela_
7. [Protests erupt in various cities of Venezuela as the country faces increased food and power shortages, forcing the government to ration them, leading to widespread looting and violence. According to the opposition, who control the National Assembly, over a million people support its bid to start a referendum on ousting President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/04/29/protests-erupt-in-various-cities-of-venezuela-as-the-country-faces-increased-food-and-power-shortages-forcing-the-government-to-ration-them.md) _Context: National Assembly, Venezuela_
8. [The opposition controlled National Assembly of Venezuela passes an amnesty bill that could potentially free over 70 opposition leaders and activists jailed during protests last year, including prominent leader Leopoldo Lopez. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-opposition-controlled-national-assembly-of-venezuela-passes-an-amnesty-bill-that-could-potentially-free-over-70-opposition-leaders-and-a.md) _Context: National Assembly, Venezuela_
9. [The National Assembly of Venezuela grants President Nicolas Maduro the power to legislate by decree for nine months. ](/news/2015/03/15/the-national-assembly-of-venezuela-grants-president-nicola-s-maduro-the-power-to-legislate-by-decree-for-nine-months.md) _Context: National Assembly, Venezuela_
10. [The Venezuelan National Assembly votes to hand President Nicolas Maduro decree powers over the economy with the opposition concerned about a potential crackdown on political opponents. ](/news/2013/11/19/the-venezuelan-national-assembly-votes-to-hand-president-nicola-s-maduro-decree-powers-over-the-economy-with-the-opposition-concerned-about.md) _Context: National Assembly, Venezuela_
