### [2015-12-6](/news/2015/12/6/index.md)

# Venezuelan opposition leaders say their Democratic Unity Roundtable has won control of the 167-seat legislature from the ruling Socialists for the first time since 1998. There is no confirmation on Sunday's election from the national electoral board. An opposition victory would be a major setback for the socialist revolution started 17 years ago by the late Hugo Chavez. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/08f41ab3928b490f81647579ab2f1dcb/challenge-socialists-venezuelans-elect-legislature)
2. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/L/LT_VENEZUELA_ELECTIONS?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-venezuela-election-idUSKBN0TP03Y20151207#kBG7mf0wty4AB8cq.97)
3. [Cover Image](http://s3.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20151207&t=2&i=1100499644&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXMPEBB60M6)

### Related:

1. [Venezuela's National Electoral Council announces the opposition Democratic Unity Roundtable (MUD) has won at least 99 seats in the 167-member National Assembly in Sunday's elections. The previous-ruling United Social Party of Venezuela (PSUV) picked up 46. Results for 22 contests remain to be determined. Voter turnout was a stunning 74.3 percent. "Within seconds," President Nicolas Maduro recognized the opposition's win, saying that despite (his party's) adverse result, Venezuela's democracy has triumphed. ](/news/2015/12/7/venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-announces-the-opposition-democratic-unity-roundtable-mud-has-won-at-least-99-seats-in-the-167-membe.md) _Context: Democratic Unity Roundtable, United Social Party of Venezuela, Venezuela, landslide victory in the December 6 election_
2. [The Venezuelan Supreme Court bars four incoming lawmakers (three from the opposition and one from the ruling Socialist party) from taking office, putting the opposition's two-thirds legislative "supermajority" at risk, won via a landslide victory in the December 6 election by just one seat. The court is yet to specify the quorum for the new House, which would determine the number of seats needed for a two-thirds majority. The new National Assembly convenes Tuesday. ](/news/2015/12/31/the-venezuelan-supreme-court-bars-four-incoming-lawmakers-three-from-the-opposition-and-one-from-the-ruling-socialist-party-from-taking-of.md) _Context: Democratic Unity Roundtable, National Assembly, landslide victory in the December 6 election_
3. [Venezuela announces it will suspend the sale of alcoholic beverages, fireworks and weapons before Sunday's parliamentary elections, starting Friday at 6 p.m. until next Monday at 6 p.m. Civilian permits for the possession and use of firearms and knives will be also be suspended for the same period. ](/news/2015/11/30/venezuela-announces-it-will-suspend-the-sale-of-alcoholic-beverages-fireworks-and-weapons-before-sunday-s-parliamentary-elections-starting.md) _Context: National Assembly, Venezuela, landslide victory in the December 6 election_
4. [Voters in Venezuela go to the polls for gubernatorial elections with Hugo Chavez's Socialist Party winning in at least 19 of 23 states. ](/news/2012/12/16/voters-in-venezuela-go-to-the-polls-for-gubernatorial-elections-with-hugo-cha-vez-s-socialist-party-winning-in-at-least-19-of-23-states.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, United Social Party of Venezuela, Venezuela_
5. [The U.S. imposes new sanctions on eight Venezuelan officials, including Secretary of the 2017 Constituent Assembly Adan Chavez - the late President Hugo Chavez's brother, to "deter further democratic backsliding" in the South American country. ](/news/2017/08/9/the-u-s-imposes-new-sanctions-on-eight-venezuelan-officials-including-secretary-of-the-2017-constituent-assembly-ada-n-cha-vez-the-late.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela_
6. [The controversial National Constituent Assembly votes unanimously to assume the powers of the opposition-led National Assembly of Venezuela. ](/news/2017/08/18/the-controversial-national-constituent-assembly-votes-unanimously-to-assume-the-powers-of-the-opposition-led-national-assembly-of-venezuela.md) _Context: National Assembly, Venezuela_
7. [Supporters of Venezuelan President Nicols Maduro storm the opposition-controlled National Assembly and injure several lawmakers, including the President of the National Assembly, Julio Borges. Several journalists were also injured in the assault. ](/news/2017/07/5/supporters-of-venezuelan-president-nicolas-maduro-storm-the-opposition-controlled-national-assembly-and-injure-several-lawmakers-including.md) _Context: National Assembly, Venezuela_
8. [The birthplace of late President Hugo Chavez is burned by protesters as violence and looting spreads through Barinas, Venezuela following the death of a protester. ](/news/2017/05/22/the-birthplace-of-late-president-hugo-cha-vez-is-burned-by-protesters-as-violence-and-looting-spreads-through-barinas-venezuela-following-t.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela_
9. [In a ruling, Venezuela's Supreme Court says it "guarantees congressional functions will be exercised by" itself, authorizing president Nicolas Maduro to create oil joint ventures without the previously mandated congressional approval. Opposition leaders call it a "coup", while Peru recalls its ambassador. ](/news/2017/03/30/in-a-ruling-venezuela-s-supreme-court-says-it-guarantees-congressional-functions-will-be-exercised-by-itself-authorizing-president-nicol.md) _Context: National Assembly, Venezuela_
10. [Per Venezuela's National Electoral Council's ruling, citizens across the country queue up for fingerprint validation of 1,850,000 signatures on referendum to recall President Nicolas Maduro. The opposition Democratic Unity Roundtable must validate 197,000 signatures (1 percent of registered voters) by Friday, in this first step of the recall referendum process. ](/news/2016/06/20/per-venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-s-ruling-citizens-across-the-country-queue-up-for-fingerprint-validation-of-1-850-000-signatures.md) _Context: Democratic Unity Roundtable, Venezuela_
