### [2015-12-6](/news/2015/12/6/index.md)

# Voters in France begin voting in the first round of regional elections just three weeks after the deadly Islamic State militant attacks in Paris. Exit polls show strong gains for the far-right National Front  which is leading in six regions and reshape the political landscape after decades of domination by the centre-left and the centre-right coalitions. Midday voter participation is 16.27 percent, marginally higher than five years ago. There are 44.6 million eligible voters. 

Breaking&#x20;news&#x20;and&#x20;world&#x20;news&#x20;from&#x20;France&#x20;24&#x20;on&#x20;Business,&#x20;Sports,&#x20;Culture.&#x20;Video&#x20;news.&#x20;News&#x20;from&#x20;the&#x20;US,&#x20;Europe,&#x20;Asia&#x20;Pacific,&#x20;Africa,&#x20;Middle&#x20;East,&#x20;America


### Source:

1. [France 24](http://www.france24.com/en/breaking/20151206-france-far-right-national-front-tops-first-round-voting-regional-elections-with-306-vote-estimate-if-0/?ns_campaign=al_en&ns_mchannel=email_marketing&ns_source=AL_20151206_2016&ns_linkname=20151206_breaking_news&ns_fee=0&f24_member_id=1080960490882)
2. [France24](http://www.france24.com/en/?ns_campaign=al_en&ns_mchannel=email_marketing&ns_source=AL_20151206_2020&ns_linkname=homepage&ns_fee=0&f24_member_id=1080960490882)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-france-politics-idUSKBN0TO0S920151206#iHEpimUxbGDH8Oec.97)

### Related:

1. [In an act of solidarity with France following the Paris massacre, Germany's parliament (the Bundestag) approves measures to move past the military's primary defensive role, to send six of its 29 operational, yet aged, Tornado reconnaissance aircraft, and as many as 1,200 soldiers to support the coalition missions against Islamic State militants in Syria. The airplanes will be limited to support activities; they will not fly combat missions. ](/news/2015/12/4/in-an-act-of-solidarity-with-france-following-the-paris-massacre-germany-s-parliament-the-bundestag-approves-measures-to-move-past-the-mi.md) _Context: France, ISIL, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
2. [With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country's 13  regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's  party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-win-in-six-of-the-countryas-13-r.md) _Context: France, French regional elections, 2015, National Front_
3. [British Prime Minister David Cameron, in a speech to the House of Commons says that Islamic extremists have already threatened citizens of the United Kingdom and UK military airstrikes against ISIL in Syria will serve only to make the UK safer.  Cameron also says that the UK cannot outsource its security and must stand by France in the wake of the November 2015 Paris attacks. ](/news/2015/11/26/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-in-a-speech-to-the-house-of-commons-says-that-islamic-extremists-have-already-threatened-citizens-of-t.md) _Context: France, ISIL, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
4. [Russian warships launch cruise missiles from the Caspian Sea against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant positions in Syria's eastern Deir ez-Zor. Russian Defense Minister, Sergey Shoigu, reported over 600 terrorists were killed in the strikes. Video footage also emerged of Russian ground crew servicemen writing the words "For Paris" on bombs to be dropped on ISIL targets in a show of solidarity with France in the wake of the November 13 terror attacks that left 130 people dead in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/20/russian-warships-launch-cruise-missiles-from-the-caspian-sea-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-positions-in-syria-s-eastern-deir.md) _Context: France, ISIL, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
5. [With polls showing a close race with Emmanuel Macron and Jean-Luc Mlenchon, Marine Le Pen of the National Front pledges to temporarily suspend all immigration, "legal and illegal", to France. ](/news/2017/04/18/with-polls-showing-a-close-race-with-emmanuel-macron-and-jean-luc-melenchon-marine-le-pen-of-the-national-front-pledges-to-temporarily-susp.md) _Context: France, National Front_
6. [French police arrest three men and a 16-year-old girl found with bomb-making materials in a Montpellier flat. The female suspect had been spotted online saying she wanted to either leave for the Syria-Iraq conflict or mount an attack in France, and recorded a video in which she pledged allegiance to ISIL. ](/news/2017/02/10/french-police-arrest-three-men-and-a-16-year-old-girl-found-with-bomb-making-materials-in-a-montpellier-flat-the-female-suspect-had-been-sp.md) _Context: France, ISIL_
7. [Romania's centre-left Social Democratic Party won 45% of the seats in both houses of parliament  in Sunday's election, and with the expected participation of the liberal centre-right Alliance of Liberals and Democrats Party in the coalition government, will hold an outright majority of 250 seats in the 465-seat assembly. ](/news/2016/12/15/romania-s-centre-left-social-democratic-party-won-45-of-the-seats-in-both-houses-of-parliament-in-sunday-s-election-and-with-the-expected.md) _Context: centre-left, centre-right_
8. [ A U.S. airstrike in Al-Raqqah, Syria, kills four ISIL leaders, two of which were confirmed to have roles in the November 2015 Paris Attacks. ](/news/2016/12/14/a-u-s-airstrike-in-al-raqqah-syria-kills-four-isil-leaders-two-of-which-were-confirmed-to-have-roles-in-the-november-2015-paris-attacks.md) _Context: ISIL, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
9. [France conducts airstrikes against ISIL positions in Iraq from the French aircraft carrier ''Charles de Gaulle''. ](/news/2016/09/30/france-conducts-airstrikes-against-isil-positions-in-iraq-from-the-french-aircraft-carrier-charles-de-gaulle.md) _Context: France, ISIL_
10. [The father of  Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While  generally free of liability under U.S. law  which  provides a legal ''safe harbor'' for content posted, this case targets  the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015-paris-massacre-files-suit-i.md) _Context: ISIL, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
