### [2015-12-6](/news/2015/12/6/index.md)

# Yemeni Civil War (2015): Jaafar Mohammed Saad, the governor of Yemen's southern Aden Governorate, along with six guards, are killed by a suicide bomber in the port city of Aden. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-35019302)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-yemen-security-governor-idUSKBN0TP05K20151206?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)

### Related:

1. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): A hotel where Vice President of Yemen and Prime Minister Khaled Bahah was staying in Aden which was also being used as a de facto military base by Arab coalition forces is hit by multiple explosions killing at least 15 coalition soldiers. Although the Houthis were first suspected and accused of being behind the attack, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant has since claimed responsibility, marking the first attack on Arab coalition forces in Yemen by the extremist group. ](/news/2015/10/6/yemeni-civil-war-2015-a-hotel-where-vice-president-of-yemen-and-prime-minister-khaled-bahah-was-staying-in-aden-which-was-also-being-used.md) _Context: Aden, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
2. [Yemeni Civil War: Thousands of supporters of Yemen's secessionists rally in the southern city of Aden, backing a new group led by former head of Aden Governorate Aidarus al-Zoubaidi that advocates for autonomy of the country's south. ](/news/2017/07/7/yemeni-civil-war-thousands-of-supporters-of-yemen-s-secessionists-rally-in-the-southern-city-of-aden-backing-a-new-group-led-by-former-hea.md) _Context: Aden, Aden Governorate, Yemen_
3. [ Yemeni civil war (2015-present): At least 41 army recruits are killed and 60 others injured in a suicide car bomb attack in Aden, Yemen. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant group claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/05/23/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-at-least-41-army-recruits-are-killed-and-60-others-injured-in-a-suicide-car-bomb-attack-in-aden-yemen.md) _Context: Aden, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Yemen_
4. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): 2016 Aden car bombing: At least 22 people are killed following three suicide bombings in the Yemeni port city of Aden. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the bombings. ](/news/2016/03/25/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-2016-aden-car-bombing-at-least-22-people-are-killed-following-three-suicide-bombings-in-the-yemeni-port.md) _Context: Aden, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Yemen_
5. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): Yemen's top salafist cleric, Samahan Abdel-Aziz, is found dead, with signs of torture, in Sheikh Othman, Aden Governorate, after being abducted by gunmen outside his mosque after delivering a sermon against Al-Qaeda and the Islamic State. ](/news/2016/01/31/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-yemen-s-top-salafist-cleric-samahan-abdel-aziz-is-found-dead-with-signs-of-torture-in-sheikh-othman.md) _Context: Aden Governorate, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Yemen_
6. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): At least seven people are killed in a suicide bomb attack near the presidential palace in Aden, Yemen. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims it was behind the attack. ](/news/2016/01/28/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-at-least-seven-people-are-killed-in-a-suicide-bomb-attack-near-the-presidential-palace-in-aden-yemen-th.md) _Context: Aden, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Yemen_
7. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): Houthi forces regain several positions across southern Yemen after launching a fresh offensive against loyalist and coalition forces. In Lahij province, which borders Aden, Houthi forces are now positioned on a hill overlooking the strategic Al Anad Air Base, which houses Sudanese forces. The Houthis also retook the Damt District in the Dhale province after besieging it for hours, at least 16 people were killed in the clashes. ](/news/2015/11/8/yemeni-civil-war-2015-houthi-forces-regain-several-positions-across-southern-yemen-after-launching-a-fresh-offensive-against-loyalist-and.md) _Context: Aden Governorate, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
8. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): Two attacks on security checkpoints by ISIS militants in Yemen's historic Shibam town and Al Qatn District in the central Hadhramaut Governorate leave at least 15 pro-Hadi government soldiers dead. ](/news/2015/11/20/yemeni-civil-war-2015-two-attacks-on-security-checkpoints-by-isis-militants-in-yemen-s-historic-shibam-town-and-al-qatn-district-in-the-c.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
9. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): Saudi-led military intervention in Yemen (2015-present): Roughly 1,500 United Arab Emirates Army troops deploy with tanks and heavy equipment to the strategic southern Yemeni city of Aden which has been the scene of heavy fighting between Houthi militants and fighters loyal to the previous regime of Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi. Previous attempts by the Saudi Arabian Army and Royal Saudi Air Force to defeat the Houthis were unsuccessful. ](/news/2015/08/4/yemeni-civil-war-2015-saudi-led-military-intervention-in-yemen-2015-present-roughly-1-500-united-arab-emirates-army-troops-deploy-with.md) _Context: Aden, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
10. [Yemeni Civil War (2015): Yemen officials say that at least 20 members of the Arab coalition have landed in Aden on a 'reconnaissance' mission. ](/news/2015/05/3/yemeni-civil-war-2015-yemen-officials-say-that-at-least-20-members-of-the-arab-coalition-have-landed-in-aden-on-a-reconnaissance-missio.md) _Context: Aden, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
