### [2015-01-18](/news/2015/01/18/index.md)

# Chinese police shoot dead two ethnic Uighurs in Pingxiang, Guangxi while they attempt to cross into Vietnam after members of their group resisted arrest with knives. The public security ministry accuses a separatist group of orchestrating hundreds of cases of human smuggling. 




### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/01/20/world/asia/chinese-police-kill-2-uighurs-fleeing-to-vietnam-reports-say.html?_r=0)

### Related:

1. [China-Vietnam relations: Vietnam seizes a Chinese fishing vessel for intruding in its waters and tows the vessel to the port of Hai Phong. ](/news/2016/04/4/china-vietnam-relations-vietnam-seizes-a-chinese-fishing-vessel-for-intruding-in-its-waters-and-tows-the-vessel-to-the-port-of-hai-phong.md) _Context: China, Vietnam_
2. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: China-Vietnam relations: Vietnam is reported to be preparing for a possible military conflict with China over territorial claims in the South China Sea. ](/news/2015/12/20/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-vietnam-relations-vietnam-is-reported-to-be-preparing-for-a-possible-military-conflict.md) _Context: China, Vietnam_
3. [Typhoon Mujigae: At least nine people are dead as Typhoon Mujigae hits southern China in the midst of the country's weeklong National Day holiday. Mujigae also generates several strong tornadoes and leaves dozens of fishermen missing. Nearly 200,000 people had been evacuated before the storm made landfall. Neighboring Guangxi Zhuang region orders 12,700 fishing boats and 35,400 offshore workers to return to port. ](/news/2015/10/5/typhoon-mujigae-at-least-nine-people-are-dead-as-typhoon-mujigae-hits-southern-china-in-the-midst-of-the-country-s-weeklong-national-day-ho.md) _Context: China, Guangxi Zhuang_
4. [Vietnam says a Chinese vessel rammed into and sank one of its fishing boats near disputed islands in the South China Sea. More than 20 Vietnamese fishing boats have been attacked by Chinese vessels this year causing tensions between both countries. ](/news/2015/10/15/vietnam-says-a-chinese-vessel-rammed-into-and-sank-one-of-its-fishing-boats-near-disputed-islands-in-the-south-china-sea-more-than-20-vietn.md) _Context: China, Vietnam_
5. [Chinese authorities arrest a suspect in yesterday's 17 Liucheng County mail bomb explosions that killed at least seven people and wounded more than 50. The suspect is identified as 33-year-old quarry-worker, Wei Yinyong, from Dapu township also in Guangxi Province. There is another explosion this morning. While it's not clear if it is connected, authorities reportedly located 60 packages yesterday which were being examined by a bomb squad. ](/news/2015/10/1/chinese-authorities-arrest-a-suspect-in-yesterday-s-17-liucheng-county-mail-bomb-explosions-that-killed-at-least-seven-people-and-wounded-mo.md) _Context: China, Guangxi Zhuang_
6. [At least six people are killed and dozens injured in explosions at 15 locations in Liucheng County in China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region. The explosives were reportedly concealed inside express delivery packages. Chinese officials have identified a suspect, but the motive is not yet known. ](/news/2015/09/30/at-least-six-people-are-killed-and-dozens-injured-in-explosions-at-15-locations-in-liucheng-county-in-china-s-guangxi-zhuang-autonomous-regi.md) _Context: China, Guangxi Zhuang_
7. ["Philippines v. China": The Philippines asks the International Court of Arbitration at The Hague to invalidate China's claims to virtually all of the South China Sea. The hearing was attended by observers from Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/07/9/philippines-v-china-the-philippines-asks-the-international-court-of-arbitration-at-the-hague-to-invalidate-china-s-claims-to-virtually-a.md) _Context: China, Vietnam_
8. ["Xinhua" reports that on December 21 Chinese police in Guangxi shot dead one person and detained 21 others. China considers the group to be "religious extremists" who were trying to cross the border into Vietnam. ](/news/2014/12/24/xinhua-reports-that-on-december-21-chinese-police-in-guangxi-shot-dead-one-person-and-detained-21-others-china-considers-the-group-to-be.md) _Context: Guangxi Zhuang, Vietnam_
9. ["Philippines v. China": Vietnam files an intervention in the arbitration case about the South China Sea with Vietnam rejecting China's claims. ](/news/2014/12/13/philippines-v-china-vietnam-files-an-intervention-in-the-arbitration-case-about-the-south-china-sea-with-vietnam-rejecting-china-s-claim.md) _Context: China, Vietnam_
10. [2014 Pacific typhoon season: The death toll from Typhoon Rammasun rises to 26 in southern China and 11 in northern Vietnam. ](/news/2014/07/21/2014-pacific-typhoon-season-the-death-toll-from-typhoon-rammasun-rises-to-26-in-southern-china-and-11-in-northern-vietnam.md) _Context: China, Vietnam_
