### [2015-01-18](/news/2015/01/18/index.md)

# Indonesia executes six people for drug trafficking including foreign citizens from Brazil, Malawi, the Netherlands, Nigeria, and Vietnam. Brazil and the Netherlands withdraw their ambassadors in protest. 

INDONESIA has put to death five foreigners and one local woman convicted of drugs offences, unleashing a diplomatic storm as Brazil and the Netherlands condemned the execution of their citizens. 


### Source:

1. [ABC Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-01-19/countries-remove-ambassadors-from-indonesia-after-executions/6024100)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-30870558)
3. [News Limited](http://www.news.com.au/world/asia/six-executed-as-myuran-sukumarans-lawyer-plans-appeal-to-stop-firing-squad/story-fnh81fz8-1227188174626)

### Related:

1. [An Indonesian maritime patrol boat, the "KM Hiu Macan 001", intercepts five boats and arrested 55 Vietnamese crew members for allegedly poaching off Natuna Islands, but after an unexpected aggressive intervention by Vietnamese coast guards forces the Indonesian authorities to back off, release the arrested men and return to base empty handed. ](/news/2017/05/21/an-indonesian-maritime-patrol-boat-the-km-hiu-macan-001-intercepts-five-boats-and-arrested-55-vietnamese-crew-members-for-allegedly-poac.md) _Context: Indonesia, Vietnam_
2. [Kim Jong-nam's assassination: Two women, Indonesian Siti Aisyah and Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong, are charged with murder in relation to the death of Kim Jong-nam, the estranged half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, at Kuala Lumpur International Airport. The women, who reportedly thought they were involved in a prank TV show, did not enter pleas. ](/news/2017/03/1/kim-jong-nam-s-assassination-two-women-indonesian-siti-aisyah-and-vietnamese-aoa-n-tha-haedegae-ng-are-charged-with-murder-in-relation-to.md) _Context: Indonesia, Vietnam_
3. [The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints announces the formation of three new missions, each in Vietnam, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, and Nigeria. ](/news/2016/01/7/the-church-of-jesus-christ-of-latter-day-saints-announces-the-formation-of-three-new-missions-each-in-vietnam-the-democratic-republic-of-t.md) _Context: Nigeria, Vietnam_
4. ["Philippines v. China": The Philippines asks the International Court of Arbitration at The Hague to invalidate China's claims to virtually all of the South China Sea. The hearing was attended by observers from Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/07/9/philippines-v-china-the-philippines-asks-the-international-court-of-arbitration-at-the-hague-to-invalidate-china-s-claims-to-virtually-a.md) _Context: Indonesia, Vietnam_
5. [Indonesia recalls its envoy to Brazil due to ongoing tension caused by Indonesia's recent execution of a Brazilian drug smuggler. ](/news/2015/02/21/indonesia-recalls-its-envoy-to-brazil-due-to-ongoing-tension-caused-by-indonesia-s-recent-execution-of-a-brazilian-drug-smuggler.md) _Context: Brazil, Indonesia_
6. [A Dutch court rules that Royal Dutch Shell can be held partially responsible for pollution in the Niger Delta in southern Nigeria. ](/news/2013/01/30/a-dutch-court-rules-that-royal-dutch-shell-can-be-held-partially-responsible-for-pollution-in-the-niger-delta-in-southern-nigeria.md) _Context: Netherlands, Nigeria_
7. [A British woman, Lindsay Sandiford is sentenced to death by a court in Indonesia following a conviction for drug trafficking. ](/news/2013/01/22/a-british-woman-lindsay-sandiford-is-sentenced-to-death-by-a-court-in-indonesia-following-a-conviction-for-drug-trafficking.md) _Context: Capital punishment in Indonesia, Indonesia_
8. [Singapore, Vietnam, Indonesia and Hong Kong ban poultry imports from the Australian state of Victoria while Japan bans imports from the whole of Australia following an outbreak of a low pathogenic form of the avian influenza (separate from the potentially deadly H5N1 strain).](/news/2012/02/1/singapore-vietnam-indonesia-and-hong-kong-ban-poultry-imports-from-the-australian-state-of-victoria-while-japan-bans-imports-from-the-whol.md) _Context: Indonesia, Vietnam_
9. [The Australian Federal Police charges six senior executives, all former employees of two companies owned by the Reserve Bank of Australia, Securency and Note Printing Australia, in relation to alleged bribery of officials in Malaysia, Vietnam and Indonesia. ](/news/2011/07/1/the-australian-federal-police-charges-six-senior-executives-all-former-employees-of-two-companies-owned-by-the-reserve-bank-of-australia-s.md) _Context: Indonesia, Vietnam_
10. [More than 2,000 Brazilian police and military personnel enter the AlemGBPo slum of Rio de Janeiro in search of drug traffickers, in efforts to boost security well ahead of the 2016 Olympic Games. ](/news/2010/11/28/more-than-2-000-brazilian-police-and-military-personnel-enter-the-alemagbpo-slum-of-rio-de-janeiro-in-search-of-drug-traffickers-in-efforts.md) _Context: Brazil, drug trafficking_
