### [2015-01-18](/news/2015/01/18/index.md)

# Pope Francis celebrates Holy Mass in Manila to a crowd of 6 to 7 million, the largest papal gathering since 1995 World Youth Day mass celebrated by late Pope John Paul II in the same place, despite pouring rain. 

Pope Francis concluded his trip to Asia on Sunday with an open-air Mass for a rain-drenched crowd in Manila that the Vatican and the government said drew up to seven million people, the largest ever for a papal event.


### Source:

1. [AP via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2015/01/18/millions-flock-to-pope-francis-final-mass-in-philippines/)
2. [BBC](http://m.bbc.com/news/world-asia-30869019)
3. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/01/18/world/philippines-pope-visit/)
4. [Rappler](http://www.rappler.com/specials/pope-francis-ph/81229-pope-francis-mass-luneta-rizal-park?utm_content=buffer563c2&utm_medium=social&utm_source=facebook.com&utm_campaign=buffer)
5. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/01/18/us-pope-philippines-idUSKBN0KQ0TX20150118)

### Related:

1. [The President of Cuba, Raul Castro, is received in an official private audience with Pope Francis, who will become the third Pope to visit the still officially Communist island before visiting the U.S. this October. Some restrictions on exercise of religion, and a few restrictions on other rights, have been lifted or relaxed, especially after Pope John Paul II's historic 1998 meeting with Fidel Castro, Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI's trip during his reign, and especially in 2014 and earlier this year, after Raul and Francis and U.S. President Barack Obama's diplomatic team dramatically improved U.S.-Cuba relations. President Castro went there to thank Francis, whom he publicly has stated his admiration for, for his efforts, and spoke of the possibility of converting and of officially restoring the Church. ](/news/2015/05/10/the-president-of-cuba-raul-castro-is-received-in-an-official-private-audience-with-pope-francis-who-will-become-the-third-pope-to-visit-t.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Pope John Paul II_
2. [Pope Francis celebrates mass at Typhoon Haiyan (Yolanda)-hit city of Tacloban with an audience of half-a-million people. ](/news/2015/01/17/pope-francis-celebrates-mass-at-typhoon-haiyan-yolanda-hit-city-of-tacloban-with-an-audience-of-half-a-million-people.md) _Context: 2015 Papal visit to Sri Lanka and the Philippines, Pope Francis_
3. [Pope Francis arrives in Manila and meets Philippines President Benigno Aquino III. ](/news/2015/01/15/pope-francis-arrives-in-manila-and-meets-philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii.md) _Context: Manila, Pope Francis_
4. [Philippine authorities in Manila concentrate street children in cages with some even chained in anticipation of Pope Francis' pastoral visit. ](/news/2015/01/15/philippine-authorities-in-manila-concentrate-street-children-in-cages-with-some-even-chained-in-anticipation-of-pope-francis-pastoral-visit.md) _Context: Manila, Pope Francis_
5. [Canonization of Pope John XXIII and Pope John Paul II:Popes John XXIII and John Paul II are declared saints by Pope Francis in the first papal canonization since 1954. ](/news/2014/04/27/canonization-of-pope-john-xxiii-and-pope-john-paul-ii-ppopes-john-xxiii-and-john-paul-ii-are-declared-saints-by-pope-francis-in-the-first-pa.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Pope John Paul II_
6. [Pending approval from Pope Francis, reports that Pope John Paul II may be canonized at the end of the year are confirmed after approval by the Vatican Congregation for the Causes of Saints of an alleged second miracle. ](/news/2013/07/2/pending-approval-from-pope-francis-reports-that-pope-john-paul-ii-may-be-canonized-at-the-end-of-the-year-are-confirmed-after-approval-by-t.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Pope John Paul II_
7. [The Holy See and Myanmar establish full diplomatic relations following a meeting between Pope Francis and Myanmar's State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-holy-see-and-myanmar-establish-full-diplomatic-relations-following-a-meeting-between-pope-francis-and-myanmar-s-state-counsellor-aung-sa.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
8. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
9. [Paraguayan President Horacio Cartes says he will not be a candidate in next year's presidential election regardless of Congress's action on  a constitutional  amendment that would allow second terms. Cartes adds his decision was informed by Pope Francis's call for peace and dialogue in Paraguay following protests against this change that turned violent two weeks ago.  ](/news/2017/04/17/paraguayan-president-horacio-cartes-says-he-will-not-be-a-candidate-in-next-year-s-presidential-election-regardless-of-congress-s-action-on.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
10. [Pope Francis donates 100,000 euros for the poor of Aleppo. ](/news/2017/03/10/pope-francis-donates-100-000-euros-for-the-poor-of-aleppo.md) _Context: Pope Francis_
