### [2017-04-16](/news/2017/04/16/index.md)

# The Gaza Strip's sole power plant is shut down due to running out of fuel, amid unpaid bills and a dispute over tax bills on fuel imports to the blockaded Palestinian territory. 

The only functioning power plant in the Palestinian territory is out of action after running out of fuel. The local electricity company blamed a &quot;dispute&quot; between Hamas and the Palestinian Authority for the outage.


### Source:

1. [Deutsche Welle](http://www.dw.com/en/gazas-only-power-station-shuts-down-over-fuel-shortage/a-38446555)

### Related:

1. [A Turkish ship carrying humanitarian aid for the Gaza Strip docks at the Israeli port city of Ashdod, the first warming move between the two countries since relations began to improve. Relations between Turkey and Israel were tense since the 2010 Gaza flotilla raid but ended last week when Turkey agreed to normalize ties in a diplomatic treaty. ](/news/2016/07/4/a-turkish-ship-carrying-humanitarian-aid-for-the-gaza-strip-docks-at-the-israeli-port-city-of-ashdod-the-first-warming-move-between-the-two.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, blockaded_
2. [A Palestinian woman is killed and another person is injured in the Gaza Strip by tank fire from Israel. Israel said it responded to mortar rounds and the discovery of another tunnel by Hamas. ](/news/2016/05/5/a-palestinian-woman-is-killed-and-another-person-is-injured-in-the-gaza-strip-by-tank-fire-from-israel-israel-said-it-responded-to-mortar-r.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Palestinian_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Israeli forces kill a Palestinian and wound four others in three separate incidents of cross-border violence in the Gaza Strip ](/news/2013/12/20/israeliapalestinian-conflict-pisraeli-forces-kill-a-palestinian-and-wound-four-others-in-three-separate-incidents-of-cross-border-violence.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Palestinian_
4. [The Palestinian Islamic organization Hamas re-elects Khaled Meshaal as its leader. The group also passes a new law ordering gender segregation in Gaza's schools that will go into effect in September. ](/news/2013/04/2/the-palestinian-islamic-organization-hamas-re-elects-khaled-meshaal-as-its-leader-the-group-also-passes-a-new-law-ordering-gender-segregati.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Palestinian_
5. [Israel reopens a trade route in the Gaza Strip after closing it for several days earlier in response to rocket fire from the Palestinian enclave. ](/news/2013/04/12/israel-reopens-a-trade-route-in-the-gaza-strip-after-closing-it-for-several-days-earlier-in-response-to-rocket-fire-from-the-palestinian-enc.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Palestinian_
6. [Blockade of the Gaza Strip: A United Nations report finds that the Gaza Strip will not be "a liveable place" by 2020 as basic infrastructure in water, health, education and sanitation "is struggling to keep pace with a growing population". ](/news/2012/08/27/blockade-of-the-gaza-strip-a-united-nations-report-finds-that-the-gaza-strip-will-not-be-a-liveable-place-by-2020-as-basic-infrastructure.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, blockaded_
7. [Hamas suspends voter registration in the Gaza Strip, stalling Palestinian plans for parliamentary and presidential elections and thwarting moves towards reconciliation with the rival Fatah party. ](/news/2012/07/2/hamas-suspends-voter-registration-in-the-gaza-strip-stalling-palestinian-plans-for-parliamentary-and-presidential-elections-and-thwarting-m.md) _Context: Fatah–Hamas conflict, Gaza Strip_
8. [The Israeli Navy boards two ships carrying pro-Palestinian activists en route to the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2011/11/4/the-israeli-navy-boards-two-ships-carrying-pro-palestinian-activists-en-route-to-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Palestinian_
9. [During the opening of the General Assembly of the United Nations, the President of the Palestinian National Authority, Mahmoud Abbas, makes a bid for UN recognition in a unilateral declaration of a Palestinian state, which would exist in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank, and have East Jerusalem as its capital. ](/news/2011/09/23/during-the-opening-of-the-general-assembly-of-the-united-nations-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-makes.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Palestinian_
10. [Israel Defense Forces launch air strikes on the Gaza Strip after militants fire mortars and rockets at Israel resulting in 19 Palestineans being injured. ](/news/2011/03/21/israel-defense-forces-launch-air-strikes-on-the-gaza-strip-after-militants-fire-mortars-and-rockets-at-israel-resulting-in-19-palestineans-b.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Palestinian_
