### [2017-04-16](/news/2017/04/16/index.md)

# Voters in Turkey go to the polls for a referendum that seeks to replace the country's parliamentary system with an executive presidency, thereby giving President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sweeping new powers. Erdogan's AK Party has claimed victory while the opposition CHP has said that it will challenge the result. 

ISTANBUL (AP) — Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan declared victory in Sunday&#x27;s referendum that will grant sweeping powers to the presidency, hailing the result as a &quot;historic decision.&quot;


### Source:

1. [AP via Yahoo!](http://finance.yahoo.com/news/polls-open-turkeys-historic-referendum-reforms-040917078.html?soc_trk=gcm&soc_src=4c3f3bad-4244-3150-88fa-52995906cc3a&.tsrc=notification-brknews)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/turks-to-decide-whether-to-give-erdogan-vastly-increased-powers/2017/04/15/e79812b6-1bda-11e7-bcc2-7d1a0973e7b2_story.html?utm_term=.ca7d9b8020c3)

### Related:

1. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens to open Turkey's borders to allow refugees and migrants to reach Europe after the European Parliament votes to temporarily freeze talks of Turkey's accession to the EU. ](/news/2016/11/25/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-to-open-turkey-s-borders-to-allow-refugees-and-migrants-to-reach-europe-after-the-european.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkey_
2. [The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails-to-uphold-the-principles-of-democ.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkey_
3. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan warns Germany against recognizing the Armenian Genocide. ](/news/2016/06/1/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-warns-germany-against-recognizing-the-armenian-genocide.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkey_
4. [Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu announces his resignation effective 22 May amid conflict with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan  over Turkey's increasingly authoritarian rule. Davutoglu said he would step down following an extraordinary meeting of AKP party leaders scheduled for May 22. ](/news/2016/05/5/turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-announces-his-resignation-effective-22-may-amid-conflict-with-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-over.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkey_
5. [Ebru Umar, a Dutch journalist of Turkish descent, is arrested in Kusadasi, Turkey, for tweets deemed critical of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. This comes as a political storm erupted this week over reports that the Turkish consulate asked Turkish organizations in the Netherlands to forward emails and social media posts which insult Erdogan or Turkey. ](/news/2016/04/24/ebru-umar-a-dutch-journalist-of-turkish-descent-is-arrested-in-kuaadasa-turkey-for-tweets-deemed-critical-of-president-recep-tayyip-er.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkey_
6. [A Turkish court places the influential ''Zaman'' newspaper under state control. ''Zaman'' is closely linked to the Gulen movement of influential U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, a former ally of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. ](/news/2016/03/4/a-turkish-court-places-the-influential-zaman-newspaper-under-state-control-zaman-is-closely-linked-to-the-ga1-4len-movement-of-influe.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkey_
7. [The United States State Department and the Pentagon order families of U.S. diplomats and military personnel to leave posts in southern Turkey due to "increased threats from terrorist groups" in the country. This order comes two days before Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's arrival in the U.S. for security meetings. ](/news/2016/03/29/the-united-states-state-department-and-the-pentagon-order-families-of-u-s-diplomats-and-military-personnel-to-leave-posts-in-southern-turke.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkey_
8. [A day after Turkey's president Recep Tayyip Erdogan had harsh words for Russia, Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu, in an essay in the London ''Times'', says the downing of the Russian jet,  "was not -- and is not -- an act against a specific country. ... While the measures to defend our territory will remain in place, Turkey will work with Russia and our allies to calm tensions." ](/news/2015/11/28/a-day-after-turkey-s-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-had-harsh-words-for-russia-turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-in-an-essay-in-the.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkey_
9. [Turkish police arrest 24 journalists, all of whom are supporters of Fethullah Gulen who is a rival of current Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and is currently in self-imposed exile in the United States. ](/news/2014/12/14/turkish-police-arrest-24-journalists-all-of-whom-are-supporters-of-fethullah-ga1-4len-who-is-a-rival-of-current-turkish-president-recep-tayyi.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkey_
10. [Holy See-Turkey relations:Pope Francis visits Turkey, calling for interfaith dialogue and an end to Islamic extremism, and meeting with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and Bartholomew I of Constantinople. ](/news/2014/11/28/holy-seeaturkey-relations-ppope-francis-visits-turkey-calling-for-interfaith-dialogue-and-an-end-to-islamic-extremism-and-meeting-with-p.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkey_
