### [2012-08-9](/news/2012/08/9/index.md)

# Mexican Drug War:: Fourteen bodies are abandoned inside a van on a major avenue in the Mexican state of San Luis Potosi. It is the fifth time this year drug traffickers leave 14 bodies as a message to their rivals, signaling that the number may be some sort of code. 

MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - Assailants kidnapped and murdered 14 men and left their corpses in a Mercedes Benz van on a major highway in the state of San Luis Potosi in central Mexico, a prosecutor...


### Source:

1. [Chicago Tribune](http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/sns-rt-us-mexico-violencebre8780wq-20120809,0,1101476.story)

### Related:

1. [Mexican Drug War:: Edgar Morales Perez, the mayor-elect of Matehuala, San Luis Potosi, is shot to death by gunmen while riding his vehicle. ](/news/2012/08/12/mexican-drug-war-edgar-morales-pa-c-rez-the-mayor-elect-of-matehuala-san-luis-potosa-is-shot-to-death-by-gunmen-while-riding-his-vehicle.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, San Luis Potosi_
2. [Mexican Drug War: A gunfight between La Lnea gang members and a rival cartel in Madera Municipality, Chihuahua, leaves at least 14 people dead. ](/news/2017/07/5/mexican-drug-war-a-gunfight-between-la-linea-gang-members-and-a-rival-cartel-in-madera-municipality-chihuahua-leaves-at-least-14-people-d.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
3. [Mexican Drug War: An unknown gunman shoots and kills veteran journalist Javier Valdez Crdenas, who is noted for his investigative reporting on Mexico's war on drugs, in Culiacn, Sinaloa. ](/news/2017/05/15/mexican-drug-war-an-unknown-gunman-shoots-and-kills-veteran-journalist-javier-valdez-cardenas-who-is-noted-for-his-investigative-reporting.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
4. [Mexican Drug War: A gang shoots down a police helicopter near Apatzingan, Michoacan, killing four people. The police had been conducting an operation against criminal groups and drug cartels. ](/news/2016/09/7/mexican-drug-war-a-gang-shoots-down-a-police-helicopter-near-apatzinga-n-michoaca-n-killing-four-people-the-police-had-been-conducting-a.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
5. [Mexican Drug War: Mexican police come under attack in a two-hour gunfight in the city of Acapulco, killing one gunman. At the same time, a separate group of gunmen attacked a federal police base in the city. ](/news/2016/04/25/mexican-drug-war-mexican-police-come-under-attack-in-a-two-hour-gunfight-in-the-city-of-acapulco-killing-one-gunman-at-the-same-time-a-s.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
6. [Mexican Drug War: War on Drugs: Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-drug-war-war-on-drugs-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-f.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
7. [Mexican Drug War: At least nine suspected cartel members are killed in gunfights with government forces during an anti-cartel operation in the city of Reynosa, Mexico. ](/news/2016/03/14/mexican-drug-war-at-least-nine-suspected-cartel-members-are-killed-in-gunfights-with-government-forces-during-an-anti-cartel-operation-in-t.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
8. [Mexican Drug War: The Mexican Navy recaptures escaped drug lord Joaquin Guzman, also known as "El Chapo", in Los Mochis, Sinaloa. ](/news/2016/01/8/mexican-drug-war-the-mexican-navy-recaptures-escaped-drug-lord-joaquan-guzma-n-also-known-as-el-chapo-in-los-mochis-sinaloa.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
9. [Mexican Drug War: Two suspects are killed in a clash with police, and three others are arrested in connection with yesterday's assassination of Temixco, Morelos's newly inaugurated mayor Gisela Mota Ocampo. Governor Graco Ramirez, who attributed Mota's killing to organized crime, calls for three days of mourning. ](/news/2016/01/3/mexican-drug-war-two-suspects-are-killed-in-a-clash-with-police-and-three-others-are-arrested-in-connection-with-yesterday-s-assassination.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
10. [Mexican Drug War: List of politicians killed in the Mexican Drug War: Gisela Mota Ocampo, mayor of Temixco in Mexico's Morelos state is assassinated by gunmen at her home, less than a day after taking office. Morelos Governor, Graco Ramirez, attributed Mota's killing to organized crime, without citing a particular drug cartel or gang. ](/news/2016/01/2/mexican-drug-war-list-of-politicians-killed-in-the-mexican-drug-war-gisela-mota-ocampo-mayor-of-temixco-in-mexico-s-morelos-state-is-assa.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War_
