### [2017-05-27](/news/2017/05/27/index.md)

# Theresa May announces that the British terror threat level has been downgraded from "critical" to "severe" and that Operation Temperer will be phased out shortly, following productive counter-terrorism investigations. 

Threat level is reduced but Operation Temperer, which allows military to be deployed to key sites, will continue until end of bank holiday weekend


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/live/2017/may/26/manchester-attack-arrest-police-search-accomplices-live)
1. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/373c47a8c2d5f2950df4b5eace579f16551348da/0_77_4812_2887/master/4812.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=2792b9b9b49bb5adcac933b4bd3c8cbc)

### Related:

1. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.md) _Context: 2017 Manchester Arena bombing, Theresa May_
2. [World leaders such as Bill Clinton, Emmanuel Macron, Theresa May, Dmitry Medvedev and Angela Merkel attend the memorial service for the former West German leader Helmut Kohl. ](/news/2017/07/1/world-leaders-such-as-bill-clinton-emmanuel-macron-theresa-may-dmitry-medvedev-and-angela-merkel-attend-the-memorial-service-for-the-form.md) _Context: Theresa May_
3. [Results of yesterday's snap election are counted, revealing a hung parliament as the Conservative Party fails to retain its parliamentary majority, despite remaining the party with the most seats. Prime Minister Theresa May announced that she will form a minority government with the support of the Northern Irish Democratic Unionist Party. ](/news/2017/06/9/results-of-yesterday-s-snap-election-are-counted-revealing-a-hung-parliament-as-the-conservative-party-fails-to-retain-its-parliamentary-ma.md) _Context: Theresa May_
4. [Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-conservatives-battling-in-a-tight-race.md) _Context: Theresa May_
5. [The charity concert organized by Ariana Grande in the wake of the 2017 Manchester Arena bombing is held in Manchester, England. ](/news/2017/06/4/the-charity-concert-organized-by-ariana-grande-in-the-wake-of-the-2017-manchester-arena-bombing-is-held-in-manchester-england.md) _Context: 2017 Manchester Arena bombing_
6. [UK Prime Minister Theresa May announces that citizens of the European Union living in the United Kingdom will be able to acquire a "UK settled status" after the UK leaves the EU. ](/news/2017/06/22/uk-prime-minister-theresa-may-announces-that-citizens-of-the-european-union-living-in-the-united-kingdom-will-be-able-to-acquire-a-uk-settl.md) _Context: Theresa May_
7. ["The Guardian" reports that U.S. President Donald Trump has postponed his visit to the United Kingdom, according to a U.K. adviser who said Mr. Trump recently telephoned 10 Downing Street with this information. Both Prime Minister Theresa May's office and the White House deny this report. ](/news/2017/06/11/the-guardian-reports-that-u-s-president-donald-trump-has-postponed-his-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-according-to-a-u-k-adviser-who-said.md) _Context: Theresa May_
8. [Prime Minister Theresa May's closest advisers, Fiona Hill and Nick Timothy, resign as her Chiefs of Staff amid criticism over their role in the Conservative Party's election campaign. ](/news/2017/06/10/prime-minister-theresa-may-s-closest-advisers-fiona-hill-and-nick-timothy-resign-as-her-chiefs-of-staff-amid-criticism-over-their-role-in.md) _Context: Theresa May_
9. [ The Manchester Victoria train station, adjoined to the Manchester Arena, re-opens more than a week after the terrorist bombing that killed 22.](/news/2017/05/30/the-manchester-victoria-train-station-adjoined-to-the-manchester-arena-re-opens-more-than-a-week-after-the-terrorist-bombing-that-killed.md) _Context: 2017 Manchester Arena bombing_
10. [Conservative politician Theresa May accuses European Union officials of trying to influence the upcoming elections. ](/news/2017/05/3/conservative-politician-theresa-may-accuses-european-union-officials-of-trying-to-influence-the-upcoming-elections.md) _Context: Theresa May_
