### [2011-05-21](/news/2011/05/21/index.md)

# The Premier of China, Wen Jiabao, and the President of South Korea, Lee Myung-bak, visit areas of northern Japan devastated by the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami, ahead of a trilateral summit tomorrow. 




### Source:

1. [AP via MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/43117891)

### Related:

1. [The Prime Minister of Japan Naoto Kan, the Premier of China Wen Jiabao and the President of South Korea Lee Myung Bak meet in Japan and agree to improve cooperation on nuclear and economic issues. ](/news/2011/05/22/the-prime-minister-of-japan-naoto-kan-the-premier-of-china-wen-jiabao-and-the-president-of-south-korea-lee-myung-bak-meet-in-japan-and-agre.md) _Context: Lee Myung-bak, Wen Jiabao_
2. [Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao, Japanese Prime Minister Yukio Hatoyama and South Korean President Lee Myung-bak meet in Jeju in a trilateral summit to discuss strengthening trade ties and the "Cheonan" incident. ](/news/2010/05/29/chinese-premier-wen-jiabao-japanese-prime-minister-yukio-hatoyama-and-south-korean-president-lee-myung-bak-meet-in-jeju-in-a-trilateral-sum.md) _Context: Lee Myung-bak, Wen Jiabao_
3. [Aquatic species from Japan hitched a ride on debris from the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami and were able to reach the West Coast of the United States alive. ](/news/2017/09/28/aquatic-species-from-japan-hitched-a-ride-on-debris-from-the-2011-tahoku-earthquake-and-tsunami-and-were-able-to-reach-the-west-coast-of-th.md) _Context: 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami_
4. [According to Tokyo Electric Power Company, radiations levels within one of the reactors of Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, damaged by an earthquake and tsunami in 2011, are at its highest level since experiencing a meltdown, with a reading of 530 sieverts an hour. ](/news/2017/02/3/according-to-tokyo-electric-power-company-radiations-levels-within-one-of-the-reactors-of-fukushima-daiichi-nuclear-power-plant-damaged-by.md) _Context: 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami_
5. [Japan's emperor and prime minister attend a memorial service marking the fifth anniversary of the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami in which 15,894 people died and caused the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. Many people remain displaced and recovery efforts are ongoing. ](/news/2016/03/11/japanas-emperor-and-prime-minister-attend-a-memorial-service-marking-the-fifth-anniversary-of-the-2011-tahoku-earthquake-and-tsunami-in-w.md) _Context: 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami_
6. [Japan allocates 820 billion yen ($6.8 billion) for creating a nearly 400-kilometer (250-mile) chain of cement seawalls, at places nearly five stories high, against future tsunami disasters such as the one that struck the country's northeastern coast four years ago. ](/news/2015/03/22/japan-allocates-820-billion-yen-6-8-billion-for-creating-a-nearly-400-kilometer-250-mile-chain-of-cement-seawalls-at-places-nearly-fiv.md) _Context: 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami_
7. [Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao delivers his final annual address to the National People's Congress. The People's Republic of China sets its economic growth rate for 2013 at 7.5%. ](/news/2013/03/5/chinese-premier-wen-jiabao-delivers-his-final-annual-address-to-the-national-people-s-congress-the-people-s-republic-of-china-sets-its-econ.md) _Context: Wen Jiabao_
8. ["The New York Times" claims that Chinese hackers have broken into their computers and stolen passwords of high-profile members and reporters over the past four months, around the same time the paper began an investigation involving wealth accumulation by relatives of Premier Wen Jiabao. ](/news/2013/01/31/the-new-york-times-claims-that-chinese-hackers-have-broken-into-their-computers-and-stolen-passwords-of-high-profile-members-and-reporters.md) _Context: Wen Jiabao_
9. [Asian and European leaders meet at the Ninth Asia-Europe Meeting in Vientiane, Laos to discuss issues including the current financial crisis. 51 foreign leaders are expected to attend including premier of China Wen Jiabao and President of Laos Choummaly Sayasone. ](/news/2012/11/5/asian-and-european-leaders-meet-at-the-ninth-asiaaeurope-meeting-in-vientiane-laos-to-discuss-issues-including-the-current-financial-cris.md) _Context: Wen Jiabao_
10. [China blocks the website of the "New York Times" and searches on social media after it published an investigation into the finances of Premier Wen Jiabao. ](/news/2012/10/26/china-blocks-the-website-of-the-new-york-times-and-searches-on-social-media-after-it-published-an-investigation-into-the-finances-of-premi.md) _Context: Wen Jiabao_
