### [2006-07-12](/news/2006/07/12/index.md)

#  Former General Secretary of the Soviet Union Communist Party Mikhail Gorbachev says "We have made some mistakes," referring to attacks on Russia's democracy, and makes several unflattering comments about the United States. 

Mikhail Gorbachev is generally regarded as the man who broke down the &quot;iron curtain&quot; that separated the communist world from the West and thawed the Cold War between the United States and the Soviet Union. Now, 15 years after a coup removed him from power and the Soviet Union dissolved, he has...


### Source:

1. [ABC News America](http://abcnews.go.com/GMA/story?id=2182020&page=1&CMP=OTC-RSSFeeds0312)

### Related:

1. [Five Russian lawmakers have asked the Prosecutor General of Russia, Yury Chaika, to investigate whether former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev should face charges for his role in the breakup of the Soviet Union.  ](/news/2014/04/10/five-russian-lawmakers-have-asked-the-prosecutor-general-of-russia-yury-chaika-to-investigate-whether-former-soviet-leader-mikhail-gorbach.md) _Context: Mikhail Gorbachev, Russia_
2. [Former President of the Soviet Union, Mikhail Gorbachev says that the Russian authorities must acknowledge the recent street protests, annul the results of Sunday's parliamentary election and hold a new poll. ](/news/2011/12/7/former-president-of-the-soviet-union-mikhail-gorbachev-says-that-the-russian-authorities-must-acknowledge-the-recent-street-protests-annul.md) _Context: Mikhail Gorbachev, Russia_
3. [Gennady Yanayev, who briefly declared himself to be the President of the Soviet Union in the August Coup of 1991 that deposed Mikhail Gorbachev, dies in Russia. ](/news/2010/09/24/gennady-yanayev-who-briefly-declared-himself-to-be-the-president-of-the-soviet-union-in-the-august-coup-of-1991-that-deposed-mikhail-gorbac.md) _Context: Mikhail Gorbachev, Russia_
4. [ Mikhail Gorbachev founds a new political party in Russia, called Union of Social-Democrats. ](/news/2007/10/20/mikhail-gorbachev-founds-a-new-political-party-in-russia-called-union-of-social-democrats.md) _Context: Mikhail Gorbachev, Russia_
5. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Russia_
6. [The U.S. Attorney's Office in Alexandria, Virginia thru U.S. Attorney Dana Boente issues subpoenas to former National Security Advisor Michael T. Flynn to assess the extent of his ties to Russia. ](/news/2017/05/10/the-u-s-attorney-s-office-in-alexandria-virginia-thru-u-s-attorney-dana-boente-issues-subpoenas-to-former-national-security-advisor-micha.md) _Context: Russia_
7. [Russian authorities discover and deactivate an explosive device in a Saint Petersburg flat, during ongoing raids occurring in response to the bombing. ](/news/2017/04/6/russian-authorities-discover-and-deactivate-an-explosive-device-in-a-saint-petersburg-flat-during-ongoing-raids-occurring-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Russia_
8. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The ''Novaya Gazeta'' newspaper  reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: Russia_
9. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: Russia_
10. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia had failed to protect students and teachers during the 2004 Beslan school siege, which left 334 people dead, and orders the Russian Government to pay 2,955,000 euros to 409 relatives of the victims. The ruling was quickly denounced by Russia as "unacceptable". ](/news/2017/04/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-had-failed-to-protect-students-and-teachers-during-the-2004-beslan-school-siege-which.md) _Context: Russia_
