### [2005-04-28](/news/2005/04/28/index.md)

#  Almost three months after the legislative election in Iraq, the National Assembly voted overwhelmingly to approve a Shi'a-led cabinet, establishing the first elected government in the history of Iraq. Two of the four deputy prime minister's slots remained vacant, however, and five ministries, including the important defence and oil slots, were left in the hands of temporary managers. 




### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/cp/world/050428/w0428112.html)
2. [International Herald Tribune](http://www.iht.com/articles/2005/04/29/news/iraq.php)

### Related:

1. [ Iraq's election commission says that an alliance of Shiite religious parties, the United Iraqi Alliance, has won the most seats in Iraq's new National Assembly after the December 2005 legislative elections. ](/news/2006/01/20/iraq-s-election-commission-says-that-an-alliance-of-shiite-religious-parties-the-united-iraqi-alliance-has-won-the-most-seats-in-iraq-s-n.md) _Context: Iraq, National Assembly of Iraq_
2. [ Iraq's National Assembly signs the text of the proposed Iraqi constitution. A referendum will be held on 15 October, with leaders of the Sunni community already calling for a "no" vote. ](/news/2005/08/28/iraq-s-national-assembly-signs-the-text-of-the-proposed-iraqi-constitution-a-referendum-will-be-held-on-15-october-with-leaders-of-the-su.md) _Context: Iraq, National Assembly of Iraq_
3. [ Results from the Iraqi election show that a Shi'a group approved by Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani has won by a landslide with 48% of all votes cast. The nearest rival party, a Kurdish alliance of two parties, won 26% of the vote. The results will stand if not challenged within three days. ](/news/2005/02/13/results-from-the-iraqi-election-show-that-a-shi-a-group-approved-by-grand-ayatollah-ali-al-sistani-has-won-by-a-landslide-with-48-of-all-v.md) _Context: Shi'a, legislative election_
4. [ Polls close in Iraq marking the first multi-party election in 50 years. Electoral officials estimate about a 50&ndash;70% turnout. A series of election day attacks across the country killed at least 44 people, mainly in Baghdad. The 275-member National Assembly will create a new constitution, choose a new president and two new vice presidents. Most candidate names on the various party lists remained anonymous. ](/news/2005/01/30/polls-close-in-iraq-marking-the-first-multi-party-election-in-50-years-electoral-officials-estimate-about-a-50-ndash-70-turnout-a-series.md) _Context: Iraq, legislative election_
5. [ Conflict in Iraq: A suicide car bomb is detonated near interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi's Iraqi National Accord party office. Officials say Allawi was not in the area at the time and that seven policemen and three civilians were wounded. U.S. military officials confirm the death of one soldier in Mosul and state four of Iraq's 18 provinces, a quarter of the total population and predominantly Sunni, will be unsafe to vote in Sunday's elections. ](/news/2005/01/24/conflict-in-iraq-a-suicide-car-bomb-is-detonated-near-interim-prime-minister-iyad-allawi-s-iraqi-national-accord-party-office-officials-s.md) _Context: Iraq, legislative election_
6. [ Iraq is to close all its land borders for three days around the 30 January elections in an attempt to enhance security, election officials have said. ](/news/2005/01/18/iraq-is-to-close-all-its-land-borders-for-three-days-around-the-30-january-elections-in-an-attempt-to-enhance-security-election-officials.md) _Context: Iraq, legislative election_
7. [ A car bomb explodes outside a Shi'a mosque in a Baghdad Sunni district, killing 14 worshippers and wounding 19. Mortars land on a police station in Baghdad, followed by an assault which kills 12 people and results in the freeing of 50 prisoners. A website allegedly tied to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, claims responsibility for the police station attack. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4064609.stm (BBC)] [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6992586&section=news (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) The United States Agency for International Development states they aim to boost the availability of electricity throughout Iraq to 18 hours a day by the end of next year from 11 to 15 hours now, estimably higher than before the 2003 U.S. invasion. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6992294 (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) The Ukrainian parliament, embroiled in the presidential election controversy, votes to ask outgoing president Leonid Kuchma to withdraw Ukraine's 1,600 troops in Iraq. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6987012 (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) German security forces arrest three alleged members of Ansar al-Islam who are suspected of planning the assassination of Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi while he was on a state visit to Germany. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/europe/12/03/german.arrests/index.html (CNN)][http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/0,1518,330808,00.html ("Der Spiegel"] {{de icon}}](/news/2004/12/3/a-car-bomb-explodes-outside-a-shi-a-mosque-in-a-baghdad-sunni-district-killing-14-worshippers-and-wounding-19-mortars-land-on-a-police-st.md) _Context: Iraq, Shi'a_
8. [ 1,300 Iraqi delegates begin a three-day conference in Baghdad to select an interim National Assembly. The area of the conference is attacked by mortars, which kill one person and wound 17. ](/news/2004/08/15/1-300-iraqi-delegates-begin-a-three-day-conference-in-baghdad-to-select-an-interim-national-assembly-the-area-of-the-conference-is-attacke.md) _Context: Iraq, National Assembly of Iraq_
9. [Iraq's federal government halts all international flights to and from Iraqi Kurdistan until Kurdish security forces hand over control of Erbil International Airport and Sulaimaniyah International Airport. The Kurdistan Regional Government (KRG) calls the ban "illegal". ](/news/2017/09/29/iraq-s-federal-government-halts-all-international-flights-to-and-from-iraqi-kurdistan-until-kurdish-security-forces-hand-over-control-of-erb.md) _Context: Iraq_
10. [Voters in Iraqi Kurdistan head to the polls for a referendum on independence from Iraq. ](/news/2017/09/25/voters-in-iraqi-kurdistan-head-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-on-independence-from-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq_
