### [2006-08-19](/news/2006/08/19/index.md)

#  A Turkish-Iranian natural gas pipeline explodes in Turkey's northeastern Agri Province.  Turkish authorities suspect separatist Kurds were behind the incident. [https://web.archive.org/web/20060824161603/http://edition.cnn.com/2006/WORLD/asiapcf/08/19/turkey.pipeline.ap/ (Internet Archive)] (AP Story, no longer on original CNN site)




### Related:

1. [A suicide attack by the PKK kills two Turkish Army soldiers and injures 24 others in the Turkish town of Dogubeyazit in Agri Province near the Iran border. ](/news/2015/08/2/a-suicide-attack-by-the-pkk-kills-two-turkish-army-soldiers-and-injures-24-others-in-the-turkish-town-of-doaubeyaza-t-in-aara-province-ne.md) _Context: Ağrı Province, Iran, Turkish_
2. [The second day of peace negotiations in Astana, Kazakhstan, end with the sponsors of the talks, Russia, Turkey and Iran, agreeing to set up commission between the three to monitor and enforce the fragile ceasefire to the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/24/the-second-day-of-peace-negotiations-in-astana-kazakhstan-end-with-the-sponsors-of-the-talks-russia-turkey-and-iran-agreeing-to-set-up.md) _Context: Iran, Turkish_
3. [An explosion occurs in Taksim Square in Istanbul, Turkey, kills five people, including two dual citizenship Israeli-Americans and one Iranian citizen, and injures several dozen others. ](/news/2016/03/19/an-explosion-occurs-in-taksim-square-in-istanbul-turkey-kills-five-people-including-two-dual-citizenship-israeli-americans-and-one-irania.md) _Context: Iran, Turkish_
4. [Turkey's Interior Minister Efkan Ala says the results of the investigation into yesterday's bombing in Ankara will be made public later today.  Health Minister Mehmet Muezzinoglu says 125 people were transported to a hospital, with 19 in critical condition. Two Kurdish militants have been blamed for the bombing. ](/news/2016/03/14/turkeyas-interior-minister-efkan-ala-says-the-results-of-the-investigation-into-yesterday-s-bombing-in-ankara-will-be-made-public-later-to.md) _Context: Kurdish, Turkish_
5. [Turkey declares a curfew in the town of Yuksekova on the border with Iran as Turkish forces prepare an offensive against the PKK. ](/news/2016/03/13/turkey-declares-a-curfew-in-the-town-of-ya1-4ksekova-on-the-border-with-iran-as-turkish-forces-prepare-an-offensive-against-the-pkk.md) _Context: Iran, Turkish_
6. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry meets in Vienna, Austria,  with the foreign ministers of Turkey and Saudi Arabia, as well as the U.N. special envoy for Syria, ahead of Saturday's next round of international summits on the Syrian Civil War. The talks, aimed toward a cease-fire in Syria's devastating war and a  political transition to a post-war government, will include senior officials from 19 nations/groups  and, as in October, Iran will participate. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-in-vienna-austria-with-the-foreign-ministers-of-turkey-and-saudi-arabia-as-well-as-the-u-n-spe.md) _Context: Iran, Turkish_
7. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: Iran, Turkish_
8. [A huge explosion in the mostly Kurdish border town of Suruc,  Turkey, targeting The Socialist Youth Associations Federation, kills at least 31 people and injures over 100. Preliminary evidence suggests an ISIS suicide attack. ](/news/2015/07/20/a-huge-explosion-in-the-mostly-kurdish-border-town-of-suruass-turkey-targeting-the-socialist-youth-associations-federation-kills-at-least.md) _Context: Kurdish, Turkish_
9. [Hundreds of Syrian refugees return from Turkey to the border town of Tell Abyad after the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant are expelled by Kurdish People's Protection Units. ](/news/2015/06/22/hundreds-of-syrian-refugees-return-from-turkey-to-the-border-town-of-tell-abyad-after-the-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-are-expelled.md) _Context: Kurdish, Turkish_
10. [Thousands of Syrians flee into Turkey as Kurdish fighters come closer to capturing the border town of Tell Abyad from Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2015/06/14/thousands-of-syrians-flee-into-turkey-as-kurdish-fighters-come-closer-to-capturing-the-border-town-of-tell-abyad-from-islamic-state-in-iraq.md) _Context: Kurdish, Turkish_
