### [2006-08-19](/news/2006/08/19/index.md)

#  Lebanese PM Fouad Siniora has accused Israel of a "naked violation" of the five-day-old ceasefire, after a raid by Israeli commandos deep inside Lebanon. 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [ABC America](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory?id=2332363&CMP=OTC-RSSFeeds0312)
2. [Aljazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/me.asp?service_ID=12196)
3. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/5266688.stm)
4. [CTV](http://www.ctv.ca/servlet/ArticleNews/story/CTVNews/20060819/israeli_soldier_060819/20060819?hub=TopStories)
5. [Reuters](http://ca.today.reuters.com/news/NewsArticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=2006-08-19T135712Z_01_L13492527_RTRIDST_0_NEWS-MIDEAST-COL.XML)
6. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/articlenews.aspx?type=newsOne&storyID=2006-08-19T014756Z_01_L194905_RTRUKOC_0_US-MIDEAST-LEBANON-ATTACK.xml&WTmodLoc=Home-C1-TopStories-newsOne-2)
6. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has said that there will be no ceasefire in Lebanon until an international force is deployed in the south of the country.[http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-middle_east-5237620.stm (BBC NEWS)] The supreme leader of Iran, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, has urged the Muslim world to stand up to Israel and the US, criticising them for their role in the conflict in Lebanon.[http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-middle_east-5238162.stm (BBC NEWS)] An Israeli civilian is killed and 16 wounded as more than 210 rockets are fired at northern Israel, the biggest daily number since the beginning of the conflict on 12 July. [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3285425,00.html (Ynet)], [http:--www.haaretz.com-hasen-pages-ShArt.jhtml?itemNo=745563 (Haaretz)], [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-middle_east-5239568.stm (BBC NEWS)] A Syrian-made missile fired from Lebanon lands near the West Bank city of Jenin, causing minor damage. [http:--www.haaretz.com-hasen-spages-745563.html (Haaretz)], [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3285425,00.html (Ynet)], [http:--www.allheadlinenews.com-articles-7004412825 (AHN)] A massive Israeli operation is completed near Baalbek. [http:--www.haaretz.com-hasen-spages-745276.html (Haaretz)] Israel plans to resume air strikes after a 48-hour partial suspension. [http:--www.abc.net.au-news-newsitems-200608-s1703813.htm (ABC News Australia)] North Country Colorectal in Port Jefferson, New York opens its doors to business.](/news/2006/08/2/israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-has-said-that-there-will-be-no-ceasefire-in-lebanon-until-an-international-force-is-deployed-in-the-sout.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanese, Prime Minister_
2. [ Israel will pursue Hezbollah leaders in Lebanon despite the ceasefire ending the month-long conflict, Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has told parliament.](/news/2006/08/14/israel-will-pursue-hezbollah-leaders-in-lebanon-despite-the-ceasefire-ending-the-month-long-conflict-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-has-told-p.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanese, Prime Minister_
3. [A ceasefire brings calm after heavy fighting between Fatah and extremists that left two people dead at the Palestinian refugees camp of Ain al-Hilweh, Lebanon. ](/news/2017/08/21/a-ceasefire-brings-calm-after-heavy-fighting-between-fatah-and-extremists-that-left-two-people-dead-at-the-palestinian-refugees-camp-of-ain.md) _Context: Lebanese, ceasefire_
4. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Israel, Lebanese_
5. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Israel, ceasefire_

### Changes:

1. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict: Lebanese PM Fouad Siniora has accused Israel of a "naked violation" of the five-day-old ceasefire, after a raid by Israeli commandos deep inside Lebanon. ](/news/2006/08/19/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-p-lebanese-pm-fouad-siniora-has-accused-israel-of-a-naked-violation-of-the-five-day-old-ceasefire-after-a-r.md) _2017-08-25 03:18:13 (First version)_
2. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict:: Lebanese PM Fouad Siniora has accused Israel of a "naked violation" of the five-day-old ceasefire, after a raid by Israeli commandos deep inside Lebanon. ](/news/2006/08/19/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-lebanese-pm-fouad-siniora-has-accused-israel-of-a-naked-violation-of-the-five-day-old-ceasefire-after-a-r.md) _2017-08-27 03:18:09 (Update)_
2. [ Lebanese PM Fouad Siniora has accused Israel of a "naked violation" of the five-day-old ceasefire, after a raid by Israeli commandos deep inside Lebanon. ](/news/2006/08/19/lebanese-pm-fouad-siniora-has-accused-israel-of-a-naked-violation-of-the-five-day-old-ceasefire-after-a-raid-by-israeli-commandos-deep-i.md) _(Current version)_
