### [2003-10-2](/news/2003/10/2/index.md)

#  European Union: The first bilateral meeting between France and Austria since 1998 is marked by disagreements over the European Constitution. Austria heads the group of small countries seeking to make changes to the text, but France wants to leave the draft by Valery Giscard d'Estaing broadly untouched.




### Related:

1. [Greece recalls its ambassador to Austria in response to Austria's hosting of a meeting with Balkan states, to which Greece was not invited, about European migrant crisis policies that would make it harder for migrants to head north across Europe. Greece's foreign ministry called the move an "unfriendly act." More than 100,000 migrants have entered the EU illegally so far in 2016, nearly all of them arriving in Greece. ](/news/2016/02/25/greece-recalls-its-ambassador-to-austria-in-response-to-austria-s-hosting-of-a-meeting-with-balkan-states-to-which-greece-was-not-invited.md) _Context: Austria, EU_
2. [Moody's Investors Service downgrades the credit ratings of several European Union members including Italy, Malta, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain and issues a negative outlook for the ratings of Austria, France and the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/02/13/moody-s-investors-service-downgrades-the-credit-ratings-of-several-european-union-members-including-italy-malta-portugal-slovakia-sloven.md) _Context: Austria, EU_
3. [ The Estonian parliament ratifies the European constitution, making Estonia the fifteenth EU country to do so. ](/news/2006/05/9/the-estonian-parliament-ratifies-the-european-constitution-making-estonia-the-fifteenth-eu-country-to-do-so.md) _Context: EU, European constitution_
4. [ A TNS/MRBI Irish Times opinion poll predicts that Ireland, previously seen as certain to vote "yes", is likely to vote "no" in its planned referendum on the European Constitution. Only 30% of voters indicated that they would vote for the constitution, the lowest level in any country in the European Union to date. ](/news/2005/06/14/a-tns-mrbi-irish-times-opinion-poll-predicts-that-ireland-previously-seen-as-certain-to-vote-yes-is-likely-to-vote-no-in-its-planned.md) _Context: EU, European constitution_
5. [ The latest meeting of the European Council in Brussels ends in the agreement of a constitution for the European Union. ](/news/2004/06/18/the-latest-meeting-of-the-european-council-in-brussels-ends-in-the-agreement-of-a-constitution-for-the-european-union.md) _Context: EU, European constitution_
6. [ EU leaders meet in Brussels to try to agree on the draft European constitution amid the showing of popular discontent with national governments in the recent European Parliament election. ](/news/2004/06/16/eu-leaders-meet-in-brussels-to-try-to-agree-on-the-draft-european-constitution-amid-the-showing-of-popular-discontent-with-national-governm.md) _Context: EU, European constitution_
7. [The European Court of Justice dismisses complaints by Slovakia and Hungary about EU migration policy, upholding Brussels' right to force member states to take in asylum seekers. ](/news/2017/09/6/the-european-court-of-justice-dismisses-complaints-by-slovakia-and-hungary-about-eu-migration-policy-upholding-brusselsa-right-to-force-m.md) _Context: EU_
8. [Five people were killed and one seriously injured after a mountain accident on Sunday in the Austrian state of Salzburg. ](/news/2017/08/27/five-people-were-killed-and-one-seriously-injured-after-a-mountain-accident-on-sunday-in-the-austrian-state-of-salzburg.md) _Context: Austria_
9. [The European Union's executive branch sends a formal notice to Poland expressing their concern that the new "discretionary" powers given to the country's justice minister threaten the independence of the courts in violation of EU laws. Poland has a month to respond. ](/news/2017/07/29/the-european-union-s-executive-branch-sends-a-formal-notice-to-poland-expressing-their-concern-that-the-new-discretionary-powers-given-to.md) _Context: EU_
10. [Poles march against a bill that critics say might decrease judicial independence in Poland. Hungary has supported the bill while the European Union has opposed it. The protesters hope that the President Andrzej Duda would intervene against the proposed law. ](/news/2017/07/22/poles-march-against-a-bill-that-critics-say-might-decrease-judicial-independence-in-poland-hungary-has-supported-the-bill-while-the-europea.md) _Context: EU_
