### [2003-10-2](/news/2003/10/2/index.md)

#  Sino-American relations: The United States Navy blames China for the 2001 Hainan Island incident. A report released to "Jane's Defense Weekly" under the Freedom of Information Act said that the pilot of the Chinese jet fighter made three passes at the U.S. propeller-driven reconnaissance plane over international waters. On the third pass, the Chinese fighter hit a propeller on the American plane.




### Related:

1. [The carrier USS "Ronald Reagan", during a military exercise with South Korea in the Sea of Japan's international waters, scrambled four fighter jets to intercept approaching Russian warplanes, according to the U.S. Navy. IHS Jane's Defence Weekly said encounters such as these were common during the Cold War, subsided with its end but picked up again under current Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2015/10/29/the-carrier-uss-ronald-reagan-during-a-military-exercise-with-south-korea-in-the-sea-of-japan-s-international-waters-scrambled-four-figh.md) _Context: United States Navy, international waters_
2. [ Four North Korean fighter jets intercept a United States reconnaissance plane over international waters in the Sea of Japan](/news/2003/03/2/four-north-korean-fighter-jets-intercept-a-united-states-reconnaissance-plane-over-international-waters-in-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: international waters, reconnaissance plane_
3. [ An EP-3E United States Navy spy plane collides with a Chinese People's Liberation Army fighter jet.](/news/2001/04/1/an-ep-3e-united-states-navy-spy-plane-collides-with-a-chinese-people-s-liberation-army-fighter-jet.md) _Context: Hainan Island incident, United States Navy_
4. [The United States Navy relieves vice admiral Joseph Aucoin as commander of the United States Seventh Fleet following four collisions in Asia this year that claimed the lives of 17 sailors. ](/news/2017/08/23/the-united-states-navy-relieves-vice-admiral-joseph-aucoin-as-commander-of-the-united-states-seventh-fleet-following-four-collisions-in-asia.md) _Context: United States Navy_
5. [The United States Navy's USS "John S. McCain" collides with the Liberian-flagged "Alnic" MC near Singapore. Rescue efforts are underway with ten sailors reported as missing. ](/news/2017/08/21/the-united-states-navy-s-uss-john-s-mccain-collides-with-the-liberian-flagged-alnic-mc-near-singapore-rescue-efforts-are-underway-with.md) _Context: United States Navy_
6. [The US Navy has announced that about a dozen sailors of the USS "Fitzgerald" are to be disciplined in the aftermath of the collision with a container ship last June, where 7 crew members died. ](/news/2017/08/17/the-us-navy-has-announced-that-about-a-dozen-sailors-of-the-uss-fitzgerald-are-to-be-disciplined-in-the-aftermath-of-the-collision-with-a.md) _Context: United States Navy_
7. [The United States Navy says the USS "Thunderbolt" fired a warning shot at an Iranian patrol boat after it came within 150 yards of the U.S. ship. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-united-states-navy-says-the-uss-thunderbolt-fired-a-warning-shot-at-an-iranian-patrol-boat-after-it-came-within-150-yards-of-the-u-s.md) _Context: United States Navy_
8. [Rescuers find the bodies of seven United States Navy sailors who were missing after the prior day's collision between the USS "Fitzgerald" and the MV "ACX Crysta"l off the coast of Yokosuka, Japan. ](/news/2017/06/18/rescuers-find-the-bodies-of-seven-united-states-navy-sailors-who-were-missing-after-the-prior-day-s-collision-between-the-uss-fitzgerald-a.md) _Context: United States Navy_
9. [The USS "Fitzgerald", a United States Navy destroyer, collides with a merchant ship MV "ACX Crystal" off the coast of Japan at around 2:30 a.m. local time, with seven American sailors reported missing. The ship was taking on water and able to operate at limited propulsion. ](/news/2017/06/17/the-uss-fitzgerald-a-united-states-navy-destroyer-collides-with-a-merchant-ship-mv-acx-crystal-off-the-coast-of-japan-at-around-2-30-a.md) _Context: United States Navy_
10. [A U.S. Navy F/A-18 Hornet crashes in the Celebes Sea off the Philippines during an attempted landing on the USS "Carl Vinson". The pilot ejected and was recovered safely. ](/news/2017/04/21/a-u-s-navy-f-a-18-hornet-crashes-in-the-celebes-sea-off-the-philippines-during-an-attempted-landing-on-the-uss-carl-vinson-the-pilot-eje.md) _Context: United States Navy_
