### [2015-01-21](/news/2015/01/21/index.md)

# 2014-15 Russian military intervention in Ukraine:The President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko accuses Russia of sending 9,000 soldiers to help separatists in eastern Ukraine. 

Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko accused Russia on Wednesday of sending 9,000 troops to back separatist rebels in the east of his country, and the IMF chief said she backed extra financial help for Kiev as the conflict inflicts severe economic damage.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/01/22/us-ukraine-crisis-davos-poroshenko-idUSKBN0KU1TX20150122)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Donald Trump and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, in a telephone call,  discuss strengthening the two countries' strategic partnership with particular attention to the conflict in the Donbass, a Ukrainian region that borders Russia. ](/news/2017/02/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-and-ukrainian-president-petro-poroshenko-in-a-telephone-call-discuss-strengthening-the-two-countries-strateg.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Russia, Ukrainian President_
2. [Former Secretary General of NATO Anders Fogh Rasmussen is named an advisor for Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko, a move described by a Russian deputy chairman of the Foreign Affairs Committee as a "hostile gesture". ](/news/2016/05/28/former-secretary-general-of-nato-anders-fogh-rasmussen-is-named-an-advisor-for-ukrainian-president-petro-poroshenko-a-move-described-by-a-r.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Russia, Ukrainian President_
3. [Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko signs legislation banning all Russian films made after January 1, 2014. The legislation also bans movies produced by Russia after 1991 if they "glorify the work of government bodies" of Russia, citing such movies to be a threat to national security. ](/news/2016/04/21/ukrainian-president-petro-poroshenko-signs-legislation-banning-all-russian-films-made-after-january-1-2014-the-legislation-also-bans-movie.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Russia, Ukrainian President_
4. [The leaders of France, Germany and Russia agree to work on a peace plan to be put to the President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko on Sunday. ](/news/2015/02/7/the-leaders-of-france-germany-and-russia-agree-to-work-on-a-peace-plan-to-be-put-to-the-president-of-ukraine-petro-poroshenko-on-sunday.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Russia, Ukrainian President_
5. [Ukraine and Russian-backed separatists conduct peace talks as fighting rages in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2015/01/31/ukraine-and-russian-backed-separatists-conduct-peace-talks-as-fighting-rages-in-eastern-ukraine.md) _Context: Russia, Ukrainian, military intervention in Ukraine_
6. [Voters in Ukraine go to the polls with supporters of President Petro Poroshenko expected to do well. ](/news/2014/10/26/voters-in-ukraine-go-to-the-polls-with-supporters-of-president-petro-poroshenko-expected-to-do-well.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Ukrainian, Ukrainian President_
7. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:The President of Russia Vladimir Putin meets with the President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko in Minsk, Belarus, as disputes in eastern Ukraine continue. ](/news/2014/08/26/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-pthe-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-meets-with-the-president-of-ukraine-petro-poroshenko-in-minsk-be.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Ukrainian, Ukrainian President_
8. [Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov says that Russia now formally recognizes Petro Poroshenko as the legitimate President of Ukraine in the hope that Poroshenko will "live up to Russia's trust." ](/news/2014/08/25/russian-foreign-minister-sergey-lavrov-says-that-russia-now-formally-recognizes-petro-poroshenko-as-the-legitimate-president-of-ukraine-in-t.md) _Context: Petro Poroshenko, Russia, Ukrainian President_
9. [At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that   civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized.  Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol-takes-effect-m.md) _Context: Russia, Ukrainian_
10. [Ukraine sues Russia at the International Court of Justice, accusing the latter of being engaged in acts of "terrorism" and "discrimination" in eastern Ukraine and Crimea. ](/news/2017/01/16/ukraine-sues-russia-at-the-international-court-of-justice-accusing-the-latter-of-being-engaged-in-acts-of-terrorism-and-discrimination.md) _Context: Russia, Ukrainian_
