### [2015-01-21](/news/2015/01/21/index.md)

# Lutz Bachmann resigns as a leader of PEGIDA, a German anti-Islamist organisation, after controversy was sparked by a headshot photo of himself posing as Adolf Hitler. 

PEGIDA, led by Lutz Bachmann, has forced itself onto the political agenda with its anti-immigrant slogans that have attracted tens of thousands to regular rallies in Dresden.


### Source:

1. [Christian Science Monitor](http://www.csmonitor.com/World/Latest-News-Wires/2015/0121/German-PEGIDA-leader-steps-down-over-Hitler-like-photo)

### Related:

1. [Lutz Bachmann, the leader of the German far-right and anti-Islam Pegida movement, goes on trial in Dresden on charges of hate speech. ](/news/2016/04/19/lutz-bachmann-the-leader-of-the-german-far-right-and-anti-islam-pegida-movement-goes-on-trial-in-dresden-on-charges-of-hate-speech.md) _Context: Lutz Bachmann, Pegida_
2. [Religion in Pakistan: Pakistan holds a state funeral for German-born Catholic nun Ruth Pfau, known as "Pakistan's Mother Teresa," who devoted her life to eradicating leprosy in the South Asian country. ](/news/2017/08/19/religion-in-pakistan-pakistan-holds-a-state-funeral-for-german-born-catholic-nun-ruth-pfau-known-as-pakistan-s-mother-teresa-who-devote.md) _Context: German_
3. [Recognition of same-sex unions in Germany: German same-sex couples may be able to marry after Chancellor Angela Merkel drops her opposition for a parliamentary vote. ](/news/2017/06/29/recognition-of-same-sex-unions-in-germany-german-same-sex-couples-may-be-able-to-marry-after-chancellor-angela-merkel-drops-her-opposition.md) _Context: German_
4. [Philippines and the United Nations: President Rodrigo Duterte likens himself to Adolf Hitler saying he would "be happy" to kill 3 million drug users and dealers in the country. United Nations adviser Adama Dieng cautions Duterte that his use of language could lead to "crimes against humanity". ](/news/2016/09/30/philippines-and-the-united-nations-president-rodrigo-duterte-likens-himself-to-adolf-hitler-saying-he-would-be-happy-to-kill-3-million-dr.md) _Context: Adolf Hitler_
5. [Germany-Turkey relations: Eleven Turkish-German members of Germany's Parliament, the Bundestag, who voted in support of declaring the Ottoman Turks slaughter of Armenians in 1915 a genocide, are under police protection. The legislators have faced heavy criticism from Turkish officials, as well as from Turkish Germans. ](/news/2016/06/13/germany-turkey-relations-eleven-turkish-german-members-of-germany-s-parliament-the-bundestag-who-voted-in-support-of-declaring-the-otto.md) _Context: German_
6. [Former Mayor of London Ken Livingstone is suspended by the Labour Party for claiming that Adolf Hitler was a Zionist. ](/news/2016/04/28/former-mayor-of-london-ken-livingstone-is-suspended-by-the-labour-party-for-claiming-that-adolf-hitler-was-a-zionist.md) _Context: Adolf Hitler_
7. [Erasmus bus crash: A Catalan official says the 13 exchange students killed in Sunday's accident were 19-to-25-year-old women, seven from Italy, two Germans, an Austrian, a woman from France, a Romanian and an Uzbek. Twenty-four people are being treated in hospital with one student in critical condition, and six people, including the driver, in serious condition. Reports from officials indicate the driver lost control of the coach and crashed to the other side before running into an oncoming car. The bus driver, who passed alcohol and drug tests, is being investigated for possible negligent homicide as police seek to determine the cause of the crash. ](/news/2016/03/21/erasmus-bus-crash-a-catalan-official-says-the-13-exchange-students-killed-in-sunday-s-accident-were-19-to-25-year-old-women-seven-from-ita.md) _Context: German_
8. [New Year's Eve sexual assaults in Germany: Thousands of protesters in Leipzig demonstrate against a record refugee influx they blame for mass sexual violence at New Year's Eve events in Cologne and other German cities. Many chanted 'We are the people', 'Resistance!' and 'Deport them!'. The rally was organized by a local chapter of PEGIDA (Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the Occident). Six Pakistani men and one Syrian man were also attacked by so-called vigilantes in Cologne, following calls on social media for "revenge" in the wake of the New Year's Eve assaults. ](/news/2016/01/11/new-year-s-eve-sexual-assaults-in-germany-thousands-of-protesters-in-leipzig-demonstrate-against-a-record-refugee-influx-they-blame-for-mas.md) _Context: Pegida_
9. [The Institute of Contemporary History in Munich announces a publication of a two-volume set of Adolf Hitler-s "Mein Kampf". The new edition, which contains 3,500 scholarly annotations, is intended, "The New York Times" reports, -To set the work in historical context, to show how Hitler wove truth with half-truth and outright lie, and thus to defang any propagandistic effect while revealing Nazism.- This is the first printing in Germany since the end of World War II. ](/news/2015/12/2/the-institute-of-contemporary-history-in-munich-announces-a-publication-of-a-two-volume-set-of-adolf-hitler-s-mein-kampf-the-new-editio.md) _Context: Adolf Hitler_
10. [The president of the Czech Republic, Milos Zeman, marks the 26th anniversary of the Velvet Revolution by attending an anti-Islam rally in Prague with the "Bloc against Islam" group which supports the president. The rally is also attended by observers from the German protest movement, PEGIDA (Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the Occident) and Tommy Robinson, a prominent British anti-Islam activist. Zeman tells the crowd of several thousand that they aren't extremists for advocating closing the Republic-s borders to Muslim migrants. ](/news/2015/11/17/the-president-of-the-czech-republic-miloa-zeman-marks-the-26th-anniversary-of-the-velvet-revolution-by-attending-an-anti-islam-rally-in-p.md) _Context: Pegida_
