### [2015-01-21](/news/2015/01/21/index.md)

# The ''New England Journal of Medicine'' publishes research from Portland State University that implies the presence of formaldehyde, a cancer-causing chemical, may occur in limited situations of e-cigarette vapor. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/badd77d25ea24565b1261ea095106bf0/lab-tests-imply-formaldehyde-risk-some-e-cigarette-vapor)
2. [The New England Journal of Medicine](http://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMc1413069)

### Related:

1. [A small study shows that two known carcinogens, o-toluidine and 2-naphthylamine, were found in greater amounts in the urine of e-cigarette users than in nonusers. Previous studies of traditional cigarette smokers have identified o-toluidine and 2-naphthylamine as the two most carcinogenic molecules for the bladder. ](/news/2017/05/15/a-small-study-shows-that-two-known-carcinogens-o-toluidine-and-2-naphthylamine-were-found-in-greater-amounts-in-the-urine-of-e-cigarette-u.md) _Context: carcinogen_
2. [Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos announces a new anti-drug plan involving the substitution of legal crops for coca plantations. In July, the National Narcotics Council suspended the United States-backed aerial spraying of the crop after the World Health Organization reclassified glyphosate, the herbicide used,  as a probable carcinogen. ](/news/2015/09/22/colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-announces-a-new-anti-drug-plan-involving-the-substitution-of-legal-crops-for-coca-plantations-in-jul.md) _Context: carcinogen_
3. [According to preliminary tests at the Glendive, Montana city water treatment plant, the January 17 oil spill in the Yellowstone River contains benzene, a chemical that causes cancer. ](/news/2015/01/20/according-to-preliminary-tests-at-the-glendive-montana-city-water-treatment-plant-the-january-17-oil-spill-in-the-yellowstone-river-contai.md) _Context: carcinogen_
4. [A study from Spain published in the ''New England Journal of Medicine'' finds that following a Mediterranean diet high in olive oil, nuts, fish and fresh fruits and vegetables reduces the risk of heart disease. ](/news/2013/02/25/a-study-from-spain-published-in-the-new-england-journal-of-medicine-finds-that-following-a-mediterranean-diet-high-in-olive-oil-nuts-f.md) _Context: New England Journal of Medicine_
5. [An analysis of data detected by the Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter of the LCROSS impact last October finds the presence of carbon monoxide in Cabeus Crater in higher concentrations than the approximately 155 kg of water ice and water vapour, more than initially estimated, in addition to two hydroxyl flavours and smaller quantities of hydrogen sulfide, carbon dioxide, sulfur dioxide, methane, formaldehyde, mercury, magnesium, calcium, sodium, hydrogen gas, and possibly ammonia, ethylene and silver. ](/news/2010/10/21/an-analysis-of-data-detected-by-the-lunar-reconnaissance-orbiter-of-the-lcross-impact-last-october-finds-the-presence-of-carbon-monoxide-in.md) _Context: formaldehyde_
6. [ The ''New England Journal of Medicine'' reports about Oscar, a hospice cat with the ability to predict which patients will die hours before their death. ](/news/2007/07/25/the-new-england-journal-of-medicine-reports-about-oscar-a-hospice-cat-with-the-ability-to-predict-which-patients-will-die-hours-before.md) _Context: New England Journal of Medicine_
7. [ A study in the New England Journal of Medicine reveals that Trasylol, a drug marketed by Bayer, designed to prevent excessive blood loss during heart surgery, doubles the risk of kidney failure and stroke. ](/news/2006/01/25/a-study-in-the-new-england-journal-of-medicine-reveals-that-trasylol-a-drug-marketed-by-bayer-designed-to-prevent-excessive-blood-loss-du.md) _Context: New England Journal of Medicine_
8. [ The UK Food Standards Agency orders the withdrawal of over 350 food products from sale following the discovery that a batch of chilli powder used to produce a batch of Worcestershire sauce subsequently used to produce processed foods was contaminated with the possibly carcinogenic dye Sudan I. The problem was first identified with food products tested in Italy. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/health/4277677.stm (BBC)] [http://www.food.gov.uk/safereating/sudani/sudanlist (FSA: List of Withdrawn Products)].](/news/2005/02/18/the-uk-food-standards-agency-orders-the-withdrawal-of-over-350-food-products-from-sale-following-the-discovery-that-a-batch-of-chilli-powde.md) _Context: carcinogen_
