### [2014-07-3](/news/2014/07/3/index.md)

# The President of China, Xi Jinping, arrives in South Korea for talks with the President of South Korea, Park Geun-hye, days after a North Korean missile test.

 Chinese President Xi Jinping arrived in South Korea on Thursday for talks with South Korean President Park Geun-hye, officials said, amid fresh tensions over a series of missile and rocket launches by North Korea.


### Source:

1. [Yonhap](http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/news/2014/07/03/0200000000AEN20140703000952315.html)

### Related:

1. [North Korea-South Korea relations: Xi Jinping, the President of the People's Republic of China, assures that China will prevent war breaking out between North Korea and South Korea. ](/news/2016/04/28/north-korea-south-korea-relations-xi-jinping-the-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-assures-that-china-will-prevent-war-breaki.md) _Context: Chinese President, North Korea, South Korea, Xi Jinping_
2. [The President of South Korea Park Geun-hye arrives in the People's Republic of China for four days of talks with the President of China Xi Jinping in an effort to reduce tensions on the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2013/06/27/the-president-of-south-korea-park-geun-hye-arrives-in-the-people-s-republic-of-china-for-four-days-of-talks-with-the-president-of-china-xi-j.md) _Context: Chinese President, Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea, Xi Jinping_
3. [2013 Korean crisis:: North Korea renews a threat to permanently close its Kaesong joint industrial zone with South Korea, blaming the "confrontation" policies of the South Korea's new president, Park Geun-hye. ](/news/2013/04/11/2013-korean-crisis-north-korea-renews-a-threat-to-permanently-close-its-kaesong-joint-industrial-zone-with-south-korea-blaming-the-confr.md) _Context: North Korea, Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea, South Korea_
4. [2016 South Korean political scandal: Authorities arrest Impeached South Korean President Park Geun-hye on charges of bribery, abuse of authority, coercion, and leaking government secrets. ](/news/2017/03/30/2016-south-korean-political-scandal-authorities-arrest-impeached-south-korean-president-park-geun-hye-on-charges-of-bribery-abuse-of-autho.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea, South Korea_
5. [Impeachment of Park Geun-hye: South Korea's Constitutional Court upholds the impeachment of President Park Geun-hye, removing her from office. Hwang Kyo-ahn assumes powers as Acting President. ](/news/2017/03/10/impeachment-of-park-geun-hye-south-korea-s-constitutional-court-upholds-the-impeachment-of-president-park-geun-hye-removing-her-from-offic.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea, South Korea_
6. [2016 South Korean political scandal: A court in South Korea strikes down a request by prosecutors to issue an arrest warrant for Samsung vice chairman Lee Jae-yong, who is accused of bribery and embezzlement, in connection to a corruption scandal involving impeached President Park Geun-hye. ](/news/2017/01/19/2016-south-korean-political-scandal-a-court-in-south-korea-strikes-down-a-request-by-prosecutors-to-issue-an-arrest-warrant-for-samsung-vic.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea, South Korea_
7. [2016 South Korean political scandal: South Korean prosecutors issue an arrest warrant for Lee Jae-yong, a senior executive in the Samsung Group, in relation to the political scandal that has led to the impeachment of Park Geun-hye, the President of South Korea. ](/news/2017/01/16/2016-south-korean-political-scandal-south-korean-prosecutors-issue-an-arrest-warrant-for-lee-jae-yong-a-senior-executive-in-the-samsung-gr.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea, South Korea_
8. [Impeachment process against Park Geun-hye: South Korean lawmakers impeach President Park Geun-hye by a 234-56 vote. Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn, a staunch defender of Ms. Park, will serve as acting president. South Korea's Constitutional Court has up to 180 days to render a final decision. ](/news/2016/12/9/impeachment-process-against-park-geun-hye-south-korean-lawmakers-impeach-president-park-geun-hye-by-a-234-56-vote-prime-minister-hwang-k.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea, South Korea_
9. [Impeachment process against President Park Geun-hye: The South Korean National Assembly begins hearings ahead of an impeachment vote against President Park Geun-Hye. ](/news/2016/12/5/impeachment-process-against-president-park-geun-hye-the-south-korean-national-assembly-begins-hearings-ahead-of-an-impeachment-vote-against.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea, South Korea_
10. [2016 South Korean political scandal: South Korean prosecutors raid the offices of Samsung Electronics as part of a ongoing probe into President Park Geun-hye's controversial association with Choi Soon-sil. Yonhap News Agency reports prosecutors are investigating whether Samsung improperly provided financial assistance to Choi's daughter, Chung Yoo-ra. ](/news/2016/11/8/2016-south-korean-political-scandal-south-korean-prosecutors-raid-the-offices-of-samsung-electronics-as-part-of-a-ongoing-probe-into-presid.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea, South Korea_
