### [2014-07-3](/news/2014/07/3/index.md)

# Valeriy Heletey takes office as the third Defense Minister of Ukraine after the 2014 Ukrainian revolution, replacing Mykhailo Koval 

The Ukrainian Verkhovna Rada has appointed Valeriy Heletei defense minister of Ukraine based on the president&#39;s recommendation.


### Source:

1. [Interfax Ukraine](http://en.interfax.com.ua/news/general/211936.html)

### Related:

1. [2014 pro-Russian conflict in Ukraine: Minister of Defense of Ukraine Valeriy Heletey says that special forces have retaken the city of Kostiantynivka, Donetsk from armed insurgents. ](/news/2014/07/7/2014-pro-russian-conflict-in-ukraine-minister-of-defense-of-ukraine-valeriy-heletey-says-that-special-forces-have-retaken-the-city-of-kosti.md) _Context: Valeriy Heletey_
2. [2014 Ukrainian revolution:: The interim government of Ukraine agrees to increase natural gas prices for domestic consumers by 50% in order to secure an aid package from the IMF. ](/news/2014/03/27/2014-ukrainian-revolution-the-interim-government-of-ukraine-agrees-to-increase-natural-gas-prices-for-domestic-consumers-by-50-in-order-t.md) _Context: 2014 Ukrainian revolution_
3. [2014 Ukrainian revolution:: Oleksandr Muzychko, a prominent member of Ukraine's Right Sector nationalistic party, is killed under unclear circumstances. (](/news/2014/03/25/2014-ukrainian-revolution-oleksandr-muzychko-a-prominent-member-of-ukraine-s-right-sector-nationalistic-party-is-killed-under-unclear-ci.md) _Context: 2014 Ukrainian revolution_
4. [2014 Crimean crisis: 2014 Ukrainian revolution: Ukraine's Navy commander-in-chief, Denis Berezovsky who was appointed only March 1, defects to the Russia-backed Crimea government. [http://inserbia.info/news/2014/03/ukrainian-navy-commander-swore-allegiance-to-people-of-crimea/ (Ria Novosty via inSerbia)]: Ukraine's acting president Oleksandr Turchynov says Ukraine's airspace has been closed to any non-civilian aircraft. [http://uk.reuters.com/article/2014/03/02/ukrainian-acting-president-says-airspace-idUKL6N0LZ0B820140302 (Reuters)]date=March 2014](/news/2014/03/2/2014-crimean-crisis-2014-ukrainian-revolution-ukraine-s-navy-commander-in-chief-denis-berezovsky-who-was-appointed-only-march-1-defects.md) _Context: 2014 Ukrainian revolution_
5. [2014 Crimean crisis: 2014 Ukrainian revolution: Russian President Vladimir Putin formally asks the Federation Council of the Russian Parliament for approval to use armed forces in Ukraine. He receives unanimous support. The Council also demands for President Putin to recall the Russian Federation ambassador to the United States. ](/news/2014/03/1/2014-crimean-crisis-2014-ukrainian-revolution-russian-president-vladimir-putin-formally-asks-the-federation-council-of-the-russian-parliam.md) _Context: 2014 Ukrainian revolution_
6. [2014 Ukrainian revolution: 2014 Crimean crisis: Members of the Russian Parliament propose new laws that would make it easier for Russia to incorporate parts of Ukraine. ](/news/2014/02/28/2014-ukrainian-revolution-2014-crimean-crisis-members-of-the-russian-parliament-propose-new-laws-that-would-make-it-easier-for-russia-to-i.md) _Context: 2014 Ukrainian revolution_
7. [2014 Ukrainian revolution: 2014 Crimean crisis: The Parliament of Ukraine-s Autonomous Republic of Crimea announces a referendum to determine the region-s future and ousts the regional government. ](/news/2014/02/27/2014-ukrainian-revolution-2014-crimean-crisis-the-parliament-of-ukraine-s-autonomous-republic-of-crimea-announces-a-referendum-to-determ.md) _Context: 2014 Ukrainian revolution_
8. [2014 Ukrainian revolution: 2014 Crimean crisis: Ukraine's interim President Oleksandr Turchynov formally becomes the Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces of Ukraine. ](/news/2014/02/26/2014-ukrainian-revolution-2014-crimean-crisis-ukraine-s-interim-president-oleksandr-turchynov-formally-becomes-the-supreme-commander-of-th.md) _Context: 2014 Ukrainian revolution_
9. [2014 Ukrainian revolution:: The United States administration formally declares that it no longer recognizes Viktor Yanukovych as Ukraine-s president as "his actions have undermined his legitimacy". ](/news/2014/02/25/2014-ukrainian-revolution-the-united-states-administration-formally-declares-that-it-no-longer-recognizes-viktor-yanukovych-as-ukraine-s.md) _Context: 2014 Ukrainian revolution_
10. [2014 Ukrainian Revolution:: The European Commission recognizes Oleksandr Turchynov as Ukraine-s legitimate interim president. ](/news/2014/02/24/2014-ukrainian-revolution-the-european-commission-recognizes-oleksandr-turchynov-as-ukraine-s-legitimate-interim-president.md) _Context: 2014 Ukrainian revolution_
