### [2011-01-13](/news/2011/01/13/index.md)

# Prime Minister of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan responds to Avigdor Liberman's recent controversial comments about Turkey by advising Israel to replace him with another person in his role as foreign minister. Editorials in right and left-wing Israeli newspapers also call for Liberman to be sacked after his comments offended Israel's Turkish counterparts. 

Turkey has urged Israel to sack Avigdor Lieberman, its controversial foreign minister, escalating a protracted row that has badly damaged one of the Middle East&#039;s most important pro-western alliances.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2011/01/2011113133557798883.html)
2. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/turkey/8257796/Turkey-calls-on-Israel-to-sack-Avigdor-Lieberman.html)

### Related:

1. [In response to Israeli air strikes on Syria, Prime Minister of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan says Israel's government is waging "state terrorism". ](/news/2013/02/3/in-response-to-israeli-air-strikes-on-syria-prime-minister-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-says-israel-s-government-is-waging-state-terror.md) _Context: Israel, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkish Prime Minister_
2. [Israel's deputy foreign minister Danny Ayalon tells public radio that he wants re-elected Prime Minister of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan to block what Ayalon considers a "provocative flotilla" of activists bound for Gaza "entering dangerous zones". ](/news/2011/06/13/israel-s-deputy-foreign-minister-danny-ayalon-tells-public-radio-that-he-wants-re-elected-prime-minister-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-to.md) _Context: Israel, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkish Prime Minister_
3. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel, Turkish Prime Minister_
4. [Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu announces his resignation effective 22 May amid conflict with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan  over Turkey's increasingly authoritarian rule. Davutoglu said he would step down following an extraordinary meeting of AKP party leaders scheduled for May 22. ](/news/2016/05/5/turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-announces-his-resignation-effective-22-may-amid-conflict-with-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-over.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkish Prime Minister_
5. [The President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan formally approves his ally Binali Yildirim as the Prime Minister. ](/news/2016/05/24/the-president-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-formally-approves-his-ally-binali-ya-lda-ra-m-as-the-prime-minister.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkish Prime Minister_
6. [ Binali Yildirim is appointed Prime Minister of Turkey after the resignation of Ahmet Davutoglu amid disagreements with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. ](/news/2016/05/23/binali-ya-lda-ra-m-is-appointed-prime-minister-of-turkey-after-the-resignation-of-ahmet-davutoalu-amid-disagreements-with-president-recep.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkish Prime Minister_
7. [President Recep Tayyip Erdogan proclaims Turkey's right to launch operations in Syria against "terrorist organizations." Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu tells reporters, "The only thing we expect from our U.S. ally is to support Turkey with no ifs or buts." ](/news/2016/02/20/president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-proclaims-turkey-s-right-to-launch-operations-in-syria-against-aterrorist-organizations-a-prime-minister.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkish Prime Minister_
8. [A day after Turkey's president Recep Tayyip Erdogan had harsh words for Russia, Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu, in an essay in the London ''Times'', says the downing of the Russian jet,  "was not -- and is not -- an act against a specific country. ... While the measures to defend our territory will remain in place, Turkey will work with Russia and our allies to calm tensions." ](/news/2015/11/28/a-day-after-turkey-s-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-had-harsh-words-for-russia-turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-in-an-essay-in-the.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkish Prime Minister_
9. [Voters in Turkey go to the polls for the first round of voting in a presidential election with current Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan poised for a first round victory. ](/news/2014/08/10/voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-round-of-voting-in-a-presidential-election-with-current-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkish Prime Minister_
10. [Turkey's state run Anadolu Agency reports that twenty police officers have been charged with illegal wiretaps of officials including the Prime Minister of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan. Another 49 are awaiting questioning. ](/news/2014/07/26/turkey-s-state-run-anadolu-agency-reports-that-twenty-police-officers-have-been-charged-with-illegal-wiretaps-of-officials-including-the-pri.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkish Prime Minister_
