### [2012-11-1](/news/2012/11/1/index.md)

# A fuel tank truck crashes and explodes in the Saudi Arabian capital Riyadh killing 22 people and injuring 111. 

At least 22 people are reported killed and scores injured in a fuel truck crash and explosion in the Saudi Arabian capital Riyadh.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-20165363)
2. [NBC News](http://worldnews.nbcnews.com/_news/2012/11/01/14846800-23-killed-135-hurt-by-explosion-in-saudi-arabias-capital)

### Related:

1. [India-Saudi Arabia relations. In Riyadh, India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Saudi Arabia's King Salman sign five agreements, including plans to increase investments, and to cooperate in intelligence sharing. ](/news/2016/04/3/india-saudi-arabia-relations-in-riyadh-india-s-prime-minister-narendra-modi-and-saudi-arabia-s-king-salman-sign-five-agreements-includi.md) _Context: Riyadh_
2. [Iran-Saudi Arabia relations. Pakistani prime minister Nawaz Sharif and army chief General Raheel Sharif will visit Riyadh on Monday and Tehran on Tuesday to launch mediation efforts between Iran and Saudi Arabia for normalization of relations and to ease the tensions in the region after Saudi Arabia executed a prominent Shia cleric Sheikh Nimr and an attack on the Saudi Embassy in Tehran. ](/news/2016/01/17/iran-saudi-arabia-relations-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-and-army-chief-general-raheel-sharif-will-visit-riyadh-on-monday-and-te.md) _Context: Riyadh_
3. [Islamic Military Alliance. Pakistan says it was surprised to learn of the country's inclusion in Saudi Arabia's so-called "Islamic anti-terrorist alliance", and that Pakistan was not consulted before inclusion in the alliance by the Saudis. Pakistan's Foreign Secretary Aizaz Ahmad Chaudhry says he has asked the country-s ambassador in Riyadh to get a clarification from Saudi Arabia on the matter. Malaysia has also denied any involvement in Saudi Arabia-s military coalition to counter terrorism. ](/news/2015/12/16/islamic-military-alliance-pakistan-says-it-was-surprised-to-learn-of-the-country-s-inclusion-in-saudi-arabia-s-so-called-islamic-anti-terr.md) _Context: Riyadh_
4. [Saudi Arabia announces the formation of a 34-member Islamic Military Alliance against terrorism including Egypt, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, Turkey, Malaysia and Pakistan with a joint operations centre based in Riyadh. ](/news/2015/12/15/saudi-arabia-announces-the-formation-of-a-34-member-islamic-military-alliance-against-terrorism-including-egypt-qatar-the-united-arab-emir.md) _Context: Riyadh_
5. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian President Bashar al-Assad says he will not negotiate with armed groups, a day after the Syrian opposition's multi-group, two-day meeting in Riyadh agreed on a framework for future negotiations to end the conflict. Assad's statement also appears to put a damper on peace talks Russia and the United States are working to set up. ](/news/2015/12/11/syrian-civil-war-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-says-he-will-not-negotiate-with-armed-groups-a-day-after-the-syrian-opposition-s-multi-g.md) _Context: Riyadh_
6. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian opposition politicians and rebels, attending a two-day meeting hosted by Saudi Arabia in Riyadh, agree on a framework that would guide proposed talks to end Syria's nearly five-year conflict: a civil, democratic Syria with a transitional government that would respect human rights and the territorial integrity of the country; and, safeguard state institutions while restructuring security forces. Ahrar ash-Sham, a Saudi-backed ultraconservative group, withdrew from the talks at the end of the meeting. ](/news/2015/12/10/syrian-civil-war-syrian-opposition-politicians-and-rebels-attending-a-two-day-meeting-hosted-by-saudi-arabia-in-riyadh-agree-on-a-framewo.md) _Context: Riyadh_
7. [Five people are sentenced to death and 37 others given prison sentences for their roles in the 2003 bombings in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2014/04/21/five-people-are-sentenced-to-death-and-37-others-given-prison-sentences-for-their-roles-in-the-2003-bombings-in-riyadh-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Riyadh_
8. [Prince Sattam bin Abdulaziz Al Saud, a member of the House of Saud and the governor of the Riyadh Province, dies at the age of 72 in Riyadh. ](/news/2013/02/12/prince-sattam-bin-abdulaziz-al-saud-a-member-of-the-house-of-saud-and-the-governor-of-the-riyadh-province-dies-at-the-age-of-72-in-riyadh.md) _Context: Riyadh_
9. [Saudi Arabia-s official news agency reports that a hand grenade explosion at the King Abdulaziz military academy in Riyadh kills one cadet and injures nine. ](/news/2012/10/16/saudi-arabia-s-official-news-agency-reports-that-a-hand-grenade-explosion-at-the-king-abdulaziz-military-academy-in-riyadh-kills-one-cadet.md) _Context: Riyadh_
10. [Abdullah of Saudi Arabia invites Iraqi political leaders for a meeting in Riyadh as part of an attempt to sort out the deadlock over the formation of a new government. ](/news/2010/10/30/abdullah-of-saudi-arabia-invites-iraqi-political-leaders-for-a-meeting-in-riyadh-as-part-of-an-attempt-to-sort-out-the-deadlock-over-the-for.md) _Context: Riyadh_
