### [2012-11-1](/news/2012/11/1/index.md)

# Charges of perjury and child endangerment, among others, are filed against former Penn State President Graham Spanier and two other administrators in connection with the Penn State scandal involving imprisoned former football coach Jerry Sandusky; new charges also are filed against Athletic Director Tim Curley and retired Vice President Gary Schultz, who are already under arrest on perjury and failure to report child abuse charges. 




### Source:

1. [Fox Sports](http://msn.foxsports.com/collegefootball/story/former-penn-state-president-graham-spanier-charged-jerry-sandusky-molestation-scandal-110112)

### Related:

1. [Penn State's ex-president Graham Spanier rejects the report by former FBI head Louis Freeh accusing the university of a cover-up, saying he never heard even a hint of child sex abuse by Jerry Sandusky, despite indications of "horseplay", having never met a higher level of awareness. ](/news/2012/08/22/penn-state-s-ex-president-graham-spanier-rejects-the-report-by-former-fbi-head-louis-freeh-accusing-the-university-of-a-cover-up-saying-he.md) _Context: Graham Spanier, Jerry Sandusky, Penn State child sex abuse scandal, Pennsylvania State University_
2. [Former Pennsylvania State University president Graham Spanier, former vice president Gary Schultz, and former athletic director Timothy Curley are sentenced to prison for covering up ex-coach Jerry Sandusky's criminal sexual acts, thereby letting him victimize more boys. ](/news/2017/06/2/former-pennsylvania-state-university-president-graham-spanier-former-vice-president-gary-schultz-and-former-athletic-director-timothy-curl.md) _Context: Graham Spanier, Penn State child sex abuse scandal, Pennsylvania State University_
3. [Former Penn State assistant coach Jerry Sandusky is transferred to State Correctional Institution - Greene in Franklin Township, Pennsylvania, to serve his 30-to-60-year sentence on child sexual abuse charges. ](/news/2012/10/31/former-penn-state-assistant-coach-jerry-sandusky-is-transferred-to-state-correctional-institution-a-greene-in-franklin-township-pennsylva.md) _Context: Jerry Sandusky, Penn State child sex abuse scandal_
4. [The Landtag of the Free State of Saxony has lifted the immunity of Frauke Petry, Party Chair in the Alternative for Germany party, opening the way for prosecutors to pursue possible perjury charges against her concerning statements made to a committee of the Saxony parliament about how the party's campaign for the 2014 election was financed. ](/news/2017/08/29/the-landtag-of-the-free-state-of-saxony-has-lifted-the-immunity-of-frauke-petry-party-chair-in-the-alternative-for-germany-party-opening-t.md) _Context: perjury_
5. [President Donald Trump claims that James Comey committed perjury during his testimony yesterday, and offers to give his own testimony, "under oath," refuting that he requested Comey to drop the Flynn investigation and that he had asked for Comey's allegence. ](/news/2017/06/9/president-donald-trump-claims-that-james-comey-committed-perjury-during-his-testimony-yesterday-and-offers-to-give-his-own-testimony-unde.md) _Context: perjury_
6. [Pennsylvania Attorney General Kathleen Kane is convicted of perjury and obstruction of justice. ](/news/2016/08/15/pennsylvania-attorney-general-kathleen-kane-is-convicted-of-perjury-and-obstruction-of-justice.md) _Context: perjury_
7. [Texas state trooper Brian Encinia is charged with perjury in connection with the death of Sandra Bland. ](/news/2016/01/6/texas-state-trooper-brian-encinia-is-charged-with-perjury-in-connection-with-the-death-of-sandra-bland.md) _Context: perjury_
8. [According to the Centre Daily Times, a Pennsylvania State University undergraduate student, Jon S. Steindorf, 23, goes missing, vanishing without a trace, the day his parents had expected him to graduate from the University, only to find when they arrived at 4 PM that he had dropped out in the fall 2014 semester. He was last seen by his roommate at 11 AM; he is brown-haired and blue-eyed, and he may be toting a red backpack and riding a black bicycle. State College, Pennsylvania police have put out a missing persons alert for him. ](/news/2015/05/8/according-to-the-centre-daily-times-a-pennsylvania-state-university-undergraduate-student-jon-s-steindorf-23-goes-missing-vanishing-wi.md) _Context: Pennsylvania State University_
9. [French President Francois Hollande promises to investigate claims that French Army soldiers were involved in sexual child abuse in the Central African Republic. ](/news/2015/05/1/french-president-franassois-hollande-promises-to-investigate-claims-that-french-army-soldiers-were-involved-in-sexual-child-abuse-in-the-cent.md) _Context: child abuse_
10. [An audio recording of Jerry Sandusky is released in which he "wonders what they've won". ](/news/2012/10/9/an-audio-recording-of-jerry-sandusky-is-released-in-which-he-wonders-what-they-ve-won.md) _Context: Jerry Sandusky_
