### [2012-11-1](/news/2012/11/1/index.md)

# New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg endorses U.S. President Barack Obama over Mitt Romney, citing the need to deal with climate change in the wake of Hurricane Sandy as a reason for his choice. 

New York Mayor Bloomberg endorses Obama for re-election, cites leadership on climate change.


### Source:

1. [BusinessWeek](http://www.businessweek.com/ap/2012-11-01/new-york-mayor-bloomberg-endorses-obama)
2. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2012/11/01/nyc-mayor-bloomberg-backs-obama-for-re-election-citing-climate-change/)
3. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2012/11/02/nyregion/bloomberg-endorses-obama-saying-hurricane-sandy-affected-decision.html)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Trump signs an executive order undoing former President Obama's climate change policies. ](/news/2017/03/28/u-s-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-undoing-former-president-obama-s-climate-change-policies.md) _Context: Obama, climate change_
2. [''Time'' magazine editors announce their list of 38 contenders nominated as the 2012 Time Person of the Year, including Barack Obama, Mitt Romney, Sheldon Adelson, Malala Yousafzai, Sandra Fluke, Felix Baumgartner, Curiosity rover, Bashar Assad, Mohamed Morsi, Psy, Pussy Riot, Higgs boson, Michael Phelps, and others.  The winner of the people's choice will be announced on 14 December. ](/news/2012/11/30/time-magazine-editors-announce-their-list-of-38-contenders-nominated-as-the-2012-time-person-of-the-year-including-barack-obama-mitt-r.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Obama_
3. [U.S. President Barack Obama spent more than an hour with Mitt Romney at the White House, as the one-time rivals shared lunch and discussed their ideas for the first time since the 2012 election. ](/news/2012/11/29/u-s-president-barack-obama-spent-more-than-an-hour-with-mitt-romney-at-the-white-house-as-the-one-time-rivals-shared-lunch-and-discussed-t.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Obama_
4. [United States elections, 2012:President of the United States Barack Obama officially wins the state of Florida and its 29 electoral votes in the presidential election, putting the final count to 332 electoral votes for Obama--more than the 270 needed to ensure election--to Mitt Romney's 206 electoral votes. ](/news/2012/11/10/united-states-elections-2012-ppresident-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-officially-wins-the-state-of-florida-and-its-29-electoral-votes-i.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Obama_
5. [Four third-party U.S. presidential election candidates&mdash;representing the Libertarian, Green, Constitution, and Justice parties, who were excluded from the high-profile televised encounters between Mitt Romney or Barack Obama&mdash;attend their own presidential debate hosted in Chicago by the Free and Equal Elections Foundation, which hopes for a more transparent and open electoral system. Romney (with the Republican Party) and Obama (with the Democratic Party) refuse invitations to attend the debate, televised on international news channels but on no major U.S. network. ](/news/2012/10/23/four-third-party-u-s-presidential-election-candidates-mdash-representing-the-libertarian-green-constitution-and-justice-parties-who-wer.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Obama_
6. [Voters in the US states of Arkansas and Kentucky go to the polls, with Mitt Romney winning the Republican primaries, and President Barack Obama winning but performing relatively poorly against token opposition in the Democratic primaries. ](/news/2012/05/22/voters-in-the-us-states-of-arkansas-and-kentucky-go-to-the-polls-with-mitt-romney-winning-the-republican-primaries-and-president-barack-ob.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Obama_
7. [New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg states that there is 'no chance' that the National September 11 Museum will open on time (September 11, 2012), due to a financial dispute.  ](/news/2011/12/29/new-york-mayor-michael-bloomberg-states-that-there-is-no-chance-that-the-national-september-11-museum-will-open-on-time-september-11-201.md) _Context: Michael Bloomberg, New York Mayor_
8. [The Hofstra Arena in Hempstead, New York opens. The arena hosted the final Presidential Debate of the 2008 United States presidential election between John McCain and Barack Obama, as well as, the second debate of the 2012 presidential election between Mitt Romney and Barack Obama, and the first debate of Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump of the 2016 election.](/news/2000/01/2/the-hofstra-arena-in-hempstead-new-york-opens-the-arena-hosted-the-final-presidential-debate-of-the-2008-united-states-presidential-electi.md) _Context: Mitt Romney, Obama_
9. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. president Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Obama_
10. [Tens of thousands of people protest in Washington, D.C. to bring awareness to climate change. ](/news/2017/04/29/tens-of-thousands-of-people-protest-in-washington-d-c-to-bring-awareness-to-climate-change.md) _Context: climate change_
