### [2012-11-1](/news/2012/11/1/index.md)

# Nine female political prisoners, including Iranian human rights lawyer Nasrin Sotoudeh, begin a hunger strike to protest their conditions in Tehran's Evin prison. 




### Source:

1. [RFERL](http://www.rferl.org/content/iran-female-prisoners-on-hunger-strike/24757813.html)

### Related:

1. [Iranian human-rights lawyer Nasrin Sotoudeh is sentenced to 11 years in prison and banned from practicing law or traveling for 20 years; France condemns the punishment as "deeply shocking" and called for the release of Sotoudeh and another activist, Shiva Nazar-Ahari, who was sentenced to four years in prison and 74 lashes. ](/news/2011/01/10/iranian-human-rights-lawyer-nasrin-sotoudeh-is-sentenced-to-11-years-in-prison-and-banned-from-practicing-law-or-traveling-for-20-years-fra.md) _Context: Iranian human rights, Nasrin Sotoudeh_
2. [Canada-Iran relations:: Canada closes its embassy in Iran and orders all Iranian diplomatic staff out of Canada, citing Iran's support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, Iran's "among the worst" human rights record, its lack of respect for the Vienna conventions, its nuclear program and the security of Canadian diplomatic personnel. It sees Iran as the world's "most significant threat to global peace and security." Minister of foreign affairs Baird says the Canadian government files Iran as a "state sponsor of terrorism" under the Canadian ](/news/2012/09/7/canada-iran-relations-canada-closes-its-embassy-in-iran-and-orders-all-iranian-diplomatic-staff-out-of-canada-citing-iran-s-support-for.md) _Context: Iranian human rights_
3. [UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon expresses "serious concerns on the human rights abuses and violations" in Iran at the meeting of non-aligned nations being held in Teheran. ](/news/2012/08/29/un-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-expresses-serious-concerns-on-the-human-rights-abuses-and-violations-in-iran-at-the-meeting-of-non-aligne.md) _Context: Iranian human rights_
4. [Sarah Shourd, an American hiker released last year from an Iranian prison on $500,000 bail because of a medical condition said she will not return to Tehran to face espionage charges in a court hearing scheduled for next week; her fiance, Shane Bauer, and their friend, Josh Fattal, are still being held in Evin Prison in Iran. ](/news/2011/05/4/sarah-shourd-an-american-hiker-released-last-year-from-an-iranian-prison-on-500-000-bail-because-of-a-medical-condition-said-she-will-not.md) _Context: Evin prison_
5. [The United States urges Iran to halt executions after the hanging of a Dutch-Iranian woman, Zahra Bahrami, accused of being drug smuggler; the U.S. State Department expresses concern that Iran "continues to deny its citizens their human rights" and that cases, trials, and sentences continue to proceed "without transparency and the due process rights enshrined in Iran's own constitution." ](/news/2011/02/1/the-united-states-urges-iran-to-halt-executions-after-the-hanging-of-a-dutch-iranian-woman-zahra-bahrami-accused-of-being-drug-smuggler-t.md) _Context: Iranian human rights_
6. [Canada's Foreign Minister, Lawrence Cannon, urges Iran to improve the country's human rights record and denounces Iran for imposing "draconian death sentences and unfair jail terms," while expressing particular concern for the fate of two Canadians of dual nationality imprisoned in Iran. ](/news/2011/01/1/canada-s-foreign-minister-lawrence-cannon-urges-iran-to-improve-the-country-s-human-rights-record-and-denounces-iran-for-imposing-draconi.md) _Context: Iranian human rights_
7. [The UN General Assembly's human rights committee criticizes Iran for human rights abuses; Iranian diplomat Mohammad-Javad Larijani calls the UN censure a "politicization- of human rights. ](/news/2010/11/19/the-un-general-assembly-s-human-rights-committee-criticizes-iran-for-human-rights-abuses-iranian-diplomat-mohammad-javad-larijani-calls-the.md) _Context: Iranian human rights_
8. [Iran arrests five human rights lawyers for security-related offences, the latest in a series of arrests of Iranian human rights' activists since last year's disputed presidential election. ](/news/2010/11/15/iran-arrests-five-human-rights-lawyers-for-security-related-offences-the-latest-in-a-series-of-arrests-of-iranian-human-rights-activists-s.md) _Context: Iranian human rights_
9. [Iran releases United States hiker Sarah Shourd from Evin Prison following payment of bail. ](/news/2010/09/14/iran-releases-united-states-hiker-sarah-shourd-from-evin-prison-following-payment-of-bail.md) _Context: Evin prison_
10. [Human rights in Iran:: A leader of the Iranian opposition, Mir Hussein Moussavi, demands the prosecution of those he accuses of fraud in the disputed presidential election of 2009 and of human rights abuses against opposition demonstrators over the past year in Iran. ](/news/2010/06/15/human-rights-in-iran-a-leader-of-the-iranian-opposition-mir-hussein-moussavi-demands-the-prosecution-of-those-he-accuses-of-fraud-in-the.md) _Context: Iranian human rights_
