### [2012-11-1](/news/2012/11/1/index.md)

# Syrian civil war. Syrian rebels kill 28 soldiers in attacks on military checkpoints near the town of Saraqeb in northern Idlib province, hours after a wave of bombings hit Damascus and its outskirts, according to a report from the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights; five rebels also died in gun battles following the attacks. 

Observatory for Human Rights confirms ambush on three checkpoints around northern province of Idlib, bordering Turkey.


### Source:

1. [National Post](http://news.nationalpost.com/2012/11/01/pictures-show-destruction-across-syria-as-rebels-kill-28-soldiers-in-attacks-on-military-checkpoints/)
2. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/MiddleEast/Article.aspx?id=290124)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. At least 16 people are killed by multiple airstrikes on a prison in Idlib, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/03/25/syrian-civil-war-at-least-16-people-are-killed-by-multiple-airstrikes-on-a-prison-in-idlib-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-r.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
2. [Syrian Civil War. Second Battle of Maarat al-Nu'man. The al-Nusra Front, an al-Qaeda affiliate, assaults the Free Syrian Army's 13th Division in Maarrat al-Nu'man, killing seven FSA fighters with 40 captured. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says Nusra seized anti-tank missiles, armored vehicles, a tank, and other arms from the U.S.-backed division. ](/news/2016/03/13/syrian-civil-war-second-battle-of-maarat-al-nu-man-the-al-nusra-front-an-al-qaeda-affiliate-assaults-the-free-syrian-army-s-13th-divisio.md) _Context: Free Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
3. [Syrian civil war:. An online video appears to claim that the Free Syrian Army moved its headquarters from Turkey to "liberated areas" inside Syria; Reuters says in Idlib or Aleppo. ](/news/2012/09/22/syrian-civil-war-an-online-video-appears-to-claim-that-the-free-syrian-army-moved-its-headquarters-from-turkey-to-liberated-areas-inside.md) _Context: Free Syrian Army, Idlib, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War. A rocket hits and injures several people at the Damascus International Fair. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says five people have died. ](/news/2017/08/20/syrian-civil-war-a-rocket-hits-and-injures-several-people-at-the-damascus-international-fair-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
5. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-o.md) _Context: Free Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
7. [Syrian Civil War. According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democr.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
8. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a large explosion near Damascus International Airport followed by a fire. The Syrian government says Israel struck the military site with several missiles. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz states that the strike "corresponds completely with Israel's policy". ](/news/2017/04/27/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-large-explosion-near-damascus-international-airport-followed-by-a-fire.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
9. [Syrian Civil War. American-led intervention in Syria. According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, multiple suspected U.S.-led coalition air raids kill at least 23 civilians in the village of al-Matab in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/03/9/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-multiple-suspected-u-s-led-coal.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
10. [Syrian Civil War. According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, the total number of people killed and missing in Syria's war is now 465,000. ](/news/2017/03/13/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-the-total-number-of-people-killed-and-missing-in-syria-s-war-is-now.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
