### [2015-09-12](/news/2015/09/12/index.md)

# Sinai insurgency. The Egyptian Armed Forces claim that an offensive against ISIS militants in northern Sinai over the past week has killed at least 164 insurgents with the loss of eight troops. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Sky News](http://www.skynews.com.au/news/world/mideast/2015/09/13/egypt-operation-kills-296-jihadists.html)

### Related:

1. [Sinai insurgency. A suspected ISIL attack on a security checkpoint in North Sinai Governorate, Egypt, leaves at least 12 Egyptian military personnel and 15 terrorists dead. ](/news/2016/10/14/sinai-insurgency-a-suspected-isil-attack-on-a-security-checkpoint-in-north-sinai-governorate-egypt-leaves-at-least-12-egyptian-military-p.md) _Context: Egyptian military, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Sinai insurgency_
2. [Sinai insurgency. Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel, security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/sinai-insurgency-four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Sinai, Sinai insurgency_
3. [Sinai insurgency. Egypt's security forces shoot dead at least 24 ISIS militants as they hid inside a cave in a mountainous area in central Sinai, not far from the crash site of Metrojet Flight 9268, a Russian airliner the group says it brought down. ](/news/2015/11/16/sinai-insurgency-egypt-s-security-forces-shoot-dead-at-least-24-isis-militants-as-they-hid-inside-a-cave-in-a-mountainous-area-in-central-s.md) _Context: Egyptian military, Sinai, Sinai insurgency_
4. [ Sinai insurgency. A shell kills a woman and her two children as fighting continues on the Sinai Peninsula between the Egyptian Army and Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. ](/news/2015/07/4/sinai-insurgency-a-shell-kills-a-woman-and-her-two-children-as-fighting-continues-on-the-sinai-peninsula-between-the-egyptian-army-and-isl.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Sinai, Sinai insurgency_
5. [Sinai insurgency: July 2015 Sinai attacks. Militants launch attacks on Egyptian Armed Forces checkpoints in North Sinai, leaving dozens of security personnel and insurgents killed. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the assaults. ](/news/2015/07/1/sinai-insurgency-july-2015-sinai-attacks-militants-launch-attacks-on-egyptian-armed-forces-checkpoints-in-north-sinai-leaving-dozens-of-s.md) _Context: Egyptian military, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Sinai insurgency_
6. [Sinai insurgency. An Egyptian Army raid in central Sinai kills at least 14 ISIL militants. ](/news/2017/02/6/sinai-insurgency-an-egyptian-army-raid-in-central-sinai-kills-at-least-14-isil-militants.md) _Context: Sinai, Sinai insurgency_
7. [Sinai insurgency. At least five Egyptian Army soldiers are killed by unknown gunmen in the Sinai Peninsula. ](/news/2017/01/23/sinai-insurgency-at-least-five-egyptian-army-soldiers-are-killed-by-unknown-gunmen-in-the-sinai-peninsula.md) _Context: Sinai, Sinai insurgency_
8. [Sinai insurgency. Eight Egyptian Army soldiers are killed by a suicide bomber at a checkpoint in northern Sinai. ](/news/2016/11/24/sinai-insurgency-eight-egyptian-army-soldiers-are-killed-by-a-suicide-bomber-at-a-checkpoint-in-northern-sinai.md) _Context: Sinai, Sinai insurgency_
9. [Sinai insurgency. At least seven people are killed, including five Egyptian Army soldiers, a military officer and a civilian woman in two separate blasts in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula. ISIL's Sinai branch claimed responsibility for the attacks on several websites. ](/news/2016/04/8/sinai-insurgency-at-least-seven-people-are-killed-including-five-egyptian-army-soldiers-a-military-officer-and-a-civilian-woman-in-two-se.md) _Context: Sinai, Sinai insurgency_
10. [Sinai insurgency. At least 13 Egyptian policemen are killed after a security checkpoint in the city of Arish, North Sinai Governorate, came under attack by militants. Ambulances were reportedly subjected to heavy gunfire as they attempted to reach the wounded. The Islamic State's Sinai branch claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/03/19/sinai-insurgency-at-least-13-egyptian-policemen-are-killed-after-a-security-checkpoint-in-the-city-of-arish-north-sinai-governorate-came.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Sinai insurgency_
