### [2015-09-12](/news/2015/09/12/index.md)

# The outcome of the election for the next leader of the United Kingdom Labour Party is announced with Jeremy Corbyn winning the contest ahead of Yvette Cooper, Andy Burnham and Liz Kendall while Tom Watson is elected as the new deputy leader. 

Jeremy Corbyn records extraordinary victory in Labour leadership election with more than 251,000 of 422,000 votes


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/politics/labour/11860227/labour-leadership-election-results.html)
2. [Evening Standard](http://www.standard.co.uk/news/uk/labour-leadership-jeremy-corbyn-snatches-partys-top-job-beating-2001-odds-a2945926.html)

### Related:

1. [Members of the  United Kingdom Labour Party start voting in the leadership election with the candidates being Diane Abbott, David Miliband, Ed Miliband, Ed Balls and Andy Burnham. ](/news/2010/09/1/members-of-the-united-kingdom-labour-party-start-voting-in-the-leadership-election-with-the-candidates-being-diane-abbott-david-miliband.md) _Context: Andy Burnham, Labour, United Kingdom_
2. [The Communist Party of Britain announces it will not field any candidates in the upcoming general election for the first time since its formation in 1920, and endorses Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, saying victory for Mr Corbyn at the general election in June would be "the first step towards a formation of left-led government at Westminster". ](/news/2017/04/24/the-communist-party-of-britain-announces-it-will-not-field-any-candidates-in-the-upcoming-general-election-for-the-first-time-since-its-form.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn, Labour_
3. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: Labour, United Kingdom_
4. [London Mayor Sadiq Khan calls on fellow Labour Party members to remove Jeremy Corbyn in the  upcoming party leadership election. ](/news/2016/08/21/london-mayor-sadiq-khan-calls-on-fellow-labour-party-members-to-remove-jeremy-corbyn-in-the-upcoming-party-leadership-election.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn, Labour_
5. [Britain's Court of Appeal, reversing Monday's High Court decision, rules the  Labour Party has the right to prevent up to 130,000 new members who joined less than six months ago from voting in the party's leadership contest between incumbent Jeremy Corbyn and legislator Owen Smith. An appeal to the United Kingdom Supreme Court is possible. ](/news/2016/08/12/britain-s-court-of-appeal-reversing-monday-s-high-court-decision-rules-the-labour-party-has-the-right-to-prevent-up-to-130-000-new-member.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn, Labour_
6. [The former Shadow Leader of the House of Commons Angela Eagle formally announces her bid to become the new leader of the Labour Party after Jeremy Corbyn refused calls to resign. ](/news/2016/07/11/the-former-shadow-leader-of-the-house-of-commons-angela-eagle-formally-announces-her-bid-to-become-the-new-leader-of-the-labour-party-after.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn, Labour_
7. [ Labour Party MP Jo Cox dies at Leeds General Infirmary after being shot and stabbed  as she prepared to hold a meeting with constituents in Birstall, West Yorkshire, United Kingdom.  A woman suffered serious injuries; a man was slightly wounded. West Yorkshire police have arrested a 52-year-old male suspect. ](/news/2016/06/16/labour-party-mp-jo-cox-dies-at-leeds-general-infirmary-after-being-shot-and-stabbed-as-she-prepared-to-hold-a-meeting-with-constituents-in.md) _Context: Labour, United Kingdom_
8. [Labour deputy leader Tom Watson demands party leader Jeremy Corbyn, who opposes PM David Cameron's (Conservative) proposed air strikes on Syria, to ensure MPs are given a free vote on the proposal this Tuesday. ](/news/2015/11/29/labour-deputy-leader-tom-watson-demands-party-leader-jeremy-corbyn-who-opposes-pm-david-cameron-s-conservative-proposed-air-strikes-on-sy.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn, Tom Watson_
9. [The UK House of Commons passes an "English votes for English laws" bill by 312 to 270 votes giving English MPs a greater say over legislation that only applies to England. The bill has been fiercely opposed by the opposition Labour Party and the Scottish National Party. ](/news/2015/10/22/the-uk-house-of-commons-passes-an-english-votes-for-english-laws-bill-by-312-to-270-votes-giving-english-mps-a-greater-say-over-legislatio.md) _Context: Labour, United Kingdom_
10. [British Labour Party peer Lord Ahmed is suspended from the party after claiming a conspiracy by Jewish-owned media organisations was responsible for his imprisonment for dangerous driving. ](/news/2013/03/14/british-labour-party-peer-lord-ahmed-is-suspended-from-the-party-after-claiming-a-conspiracy-by-jewish-owned-media-organisations-was-respons.md) _Context: Labour, United Kingdom_
