### [2004-03-3](/news/2004/03/3/index.md)

#  Abdurahman Khadr, a suspected terrorist, and his family confess on CBC national television that "We are an al-Qaeda family" and that they lived with Osama bin Laden in Afghanistan.




### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/news/background/khadr/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ U.S. forces launch new offensive aimed at the Taliban and al-Qaeda and the capture of Osama bin Laden and Mullah Omar in Afghanistan. ](/news/2004/03/13/u-s-forces-launch-new-offensive-aimed-at-the-taliban-and-al-qaeda-and-the-capture-of-osama-bin-laden-and-mullah-omar-in-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Al Qaida's, Osama bin Laden_
2. [Sulaiman Abu Ghaith, Osama bin Laden's son-in-law, is convicted in New York City of conspiring to kill Americans in his role as spokesman for al-Qaida. ](/news/2014/03/26/sulaiman-abu-ghaith-osama-bin-laden-s-son-in-law-is-convicted-in-new-york-city-of-conspiring-to-kill-americans-in-his-role-as-spokesman-fo.md) _Context: Al Qaida's, Osama bin Laden_
3. [U.S. President Barack Obama visits Afghanistan on an unannounced visit coinciding with the first anniversary of Osama Bin Laden's assassination by the U.S. Special Forces in Pakistan, signing an agreement with Afghan President Hamid Karzai outlining a continuing U.S. role in Afghanistan after 2014. ](/news/2012/05/1/u-s-president-barack-obama-visits-afghanistan-on-an-unannounced-visit-coinciding-with-the-first-anniversary-of-osama-bin-laden-s-assassinat.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Osama bin Laden_
4. [In a second audio recording in 24 hours, Al-Qaida leader Osama bin Laden says Muslim nations haven't done enough to support relief efforts in flood-hit Pakistan. ](/news/2010/10/3/in-a-second-audio-recording-in-24-hours-al-qaida-leader-osama-bin-laden-says-muslim-nations-haven-t-done-enough-to-support-relief-efforts-i.md) _Context: Al Qaida's, Osama bin Laden_
5. [Al-Qaeda's top leader in Afghanistan, and Osama bin Laden's third in command, Mustafa Abu al-Yazid, is reported killed. ](/news/2010/06/1/al-qaeda-s-top-leader-in-afghanistan-and-osama-bin-laden-s-third-in-command-mustafa-abu-al-yazid-is-reported-killed.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Osama bin Laden_
6. [ Muhammed Rahim, an al-Qaeda member who helped Osama bin Laden escape from Tora Bora, Afghanistan in 2001, is taken to the Guantanamo Bay detention camp. ](/news/2008/03/14/muhammed-rahim-an-al-qaeda-member-who-helped-osama-bin-laden-escape-from-tora-bora-afghanistan-in-2001-is-taken-to-the-guantanamo-bay-de.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Osama bin Laden_
7. [ The United States government announces that fourteen suspected terrorists are to be transferred to the Guantanamo Bay detainment camp and admits that these suspects have been held in CIA black sites. These people include Khalid Sheik Mohammed, believed to be the No. 3 al-Qaida leader before he was captured in Pakistan in 2003; Ramzi Binalshibh, an alleged would-be 9/11 hijacker; and Abu Zubaydah, who was believed to be a link between Osama bin Laden and many al-Qaida cells before he was also captured in Pakistan in March 2002. ](/news/2006/09/6/the-united-states-government-announces-that-fourteen-suspected-terrorists-are-to-be-transferred-to-the-guantanamo-bay-detainment-camp-and-a.md) _Context: Al Qaida's, Osama bin Laden_
8. [ Al Jazeera airs an audiotape from Osama bin Laden saying al-Qaeda is making preparations for attacks in the United States but offering a "long-term truce" to rebuild Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2006/01/19/al-jazeera-airs-an-audiotape-from-osama-bin-laden-saying-al-qaeda-is-making-preparations-for-attacks-in-the-united-states-but-offering-a-l.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Osama bin Laden_
9. [ President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan says at a press conference that he does not believe that Osama bin Laden is in Afghanistan. CIA chief Porter Goss has said in a recent interview that he has an "excellent idea" of bin Laden's whereabouts. ](/news/2005/07/9/president-hamid-karzai-of-afghanistan-says-at-a-press-conference-that-he-does-not-believe-that-osama-bin-laden-is-in-afghanistan-cia-chief.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Osama bin Laden_
10. [ The Pakistani government announces that it has captured Abu Faraj al-Libbi. If verified, this is the most important Al-Qaeda suspect to have been arrested thus far. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/4512885.stm (BBC)] A former Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) agent reveals the CIA sent a team to Afghanistan only days after the September 11, 2001 attacks with orders to ""Capture Bin Laden, kill him and bring his head back in a box on dry ice"" and to leave other Al-Qaeda leaders' ""heads up on pikes."" [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/4511943.stm (BBC)] (Wikinews)](/news/2005/05/4/the-pakistani-government-announces-that-it-has-captured-abu-faraj-al-libbi-if-verified-this-is-the-most-important-al-qaeda-suspect-to-hav.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Osama bin Laden_
