### [2004-03-3](/news/2004/03/3/index.md)

#  Researchers at Harvard University announce that they will give scientists free access to 17 human embryonic stem cell lines created without U.S. federal funding. This move is expected to boost stem cell research in the face of federal funding restrictions announced in 2001 by the Bush administration. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2004/HEALTH/03/03/harvard.stemcells.ap/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ US President George W. Bush announces his support for federal funding of limited research on embryonic stem cells.](/news/2001/08/9/us-president-george-w-bush-announces-his-support-for-federal-funding-of-limited-research-on-embryonic-stem-cells.md) _Context: George W. Bush, stem cell_
2. [A second parchment manuscript of the United States Declaration of Independence is discovered by Harvard University researchers, in a record office in Chichester, United Kingdom. ](/news/2017/04/21/a-second-parchment-manuscript-of-the-united-states-declaration-of-independence-is-discovered-by-harvard-university-researchers-in-a-record.md) _Context: Harvard University_
3. [President-elect Donald Trump names Tom Price as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services; former President George W. Bush Administration official and wife of Mitch McConnell Elaine Chao as United States Secretary of Transportation; ](/news/2016/11/29/president-elect-donald-trump-names-tom-price-as-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-services-former-president-george-w-bush-admini.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
4. [Scientists report, in the AHA journal "Stroke", that a small trial of stroke victims showed significant improvement following injection of stem cells directly into their brains. The study had been designed just to test whether the highly experimental therapy was safe. Such treatments were available in China for many years but treatment results were very inconclusive. ](/news/2016/06/4/scientists-report-in-the-aha-journal-stroke-that-a-small-trial-of-stroke-victims-showed-significant-improvement-following-injection-of-s.md) _Context: stem cell_
5. [Preventive medicine researchers from Harvard University and Northwestern University conduct a study on long-term (13 years; 793 people) pre-cancer changes (mostly leukemia, prostate cancer, lung cancers, and skin cancers) in telomeres, the protective ends of DNA. Some said, in previous short-look studies, that focused mostly on their known role in the pace of regular aging, that they either got shorter or longer. There was a 3-4 year period of accelerated aging, and then it halted a few years before cancer was diagnosed. ](/news/2015/05/3/preventive-medicine-researchers-from-harvard-university-and-northwestern-university-conduct-a-study-on-long-term-13-years-793-people-pre.md) _Context: Harvard University_
6. [Four buildings are evacuated on the Harvard University campus after unconfirmed claims that bombs were planted in them. ](/news/2013/12/16/four-buildings-are-evacuated-on-the-harvard-university-campus-after-unconfirmed-claims-that-bombs-were-planted-in-them.md) _Context: Harvard University_
7. [A Gulfstream IV aircraft carrying former President George W. Bush from Philadelphia International Airport to Dallas Love Field is diverted safely to Louisville International Airport when the pilot smells smoke; Bush arrived safely in Dallas early Sunday. ](/news/2013/06/15/a-gulfstream-iv-aircraft-carrying-former-president-george-w-bush-from-philadelphia-international-airport-to-dallas-love-field-is-diverted-s.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
8. [Harvard scientists unveil RoboBee, a robot with the smallest ever man-made wings capable of flight. ](/news/2013/05/2/harvard-scientists-unveil-robobee-a-robot-with-the-smallest-ever-man-made-wings-capable-of-flight.md) _Context: Harvard University_
9. [The George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas, Texas, is dedicated in the presence of President of the United States Barack Obama, former president George W. Bush and all living former presidents. The complex will be opened to the public on May 1. ](/news/2013/04/25/the-george-w-bush-presidential-center-in-dallas-texas-is-dedicated-in-the-presence-of-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-former.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
10. [U.S. news magazine "Time" selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those-of.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
