### [2008-06-12](/news/2008/06/12/index.md)

#  Washington Capitals forward Alexander Ovechkin wins the Hart Memorial Trophy as most valuable player for the National Hockey League 2007-2008 season as well as the Art Ross Trophy for most points and the Rocket Richard Trophy for top goal scorer. 




### Source:

1. [TSN](http://www.tsn.ca/nhl/story/?id=240513&lid=headline&lpos=topStory_main)

### Related:

1. [Gordie Howe, who scored 801 goals, was a six-time most valuable player during 26 years in the National Hockey League and won four Stanley Cups with the Detroit Red Wings, dies at the age of 88. ](/news/2016/06/10/gordie-howe-who-scored-801-goals-was-a-six-time-most-valuable-player-during-26-years-in-the-national-hockey-league-and-won-four-stanley-cu.md) _Context: NHL, most valuable player_
2. [ Sidney Crosby of the Pittsburgh Penguins wins the Hart Memorial Trophy as the National Hockey League's most valuable player during the  2006&ndash;07 season in the annual NHL awards. ](/news/2007/06/14/sidney-crosby-of-the-pittsburgh-penguins-wins-the-hart-memorial-trophy-as-the-national-hockey-league-s-most-valuable-player-during-the-200.md) _Context: NHL, most valuable player_
3. [ The National Hockey League returns after a year-long lockout.  Opening night featured all 30 teams in action, including Sidney Crosby's debut against the New Jersey Devils and Alexander Ovechkin's debut against the Columbus Blue Jackets where he scored 2 goals.](/news/2005/10/5/the-national-hockey-league-returns-after-a-year-long-lockout-opening-night-featured-all-30-teams-in-action-including-sidney-crosby-s-deb.md) _Context: Alexander Ovechkin, NHL_
4. [ In ice hockey, ESPN reports that the NHL will place an expansion team in Las Vegas, provided the team's backers can pay a US$500 million expansion fee. The team, which would enter the league no earlier than the 2017-18 season, would be the first major professional sports team in Las Vegas. The league's board of governors is scheduled to hold a formal vote on the expansion on June 22. ](/news/2016/06/14/in-ice-hockey-espn-reports-that-the-nhl-will-place-an-expansion-team-in-las-vegas-provided-the-team-s-backers-can-pay-a-us-500-million-ex.md) _Context: NHL_
5. [In ice hockey, Sidney Crosby, captain of the Pittsburgh Penguins, wins both the Hart Memorial Trophy and the Ted Lindsay Award for most valuable player as voted by the media and National Hockey League Players' Association, respectively. ](/news/2014/06/24/in-ice-hockey-sidney-crosby-captain-of-the-pittsburgh-penguins-wins-both-the-hart-memorial-trophy-and-the-ted-lindsay-award-for-most-valu.md) _Context: most valuable player_
6. [The National Hockey League officially announces it will realign into a four-division structure and a modified division-based playoff system starting next season after the league's board of governors approves. The league's players association had previously given their approval as well. ](/news/2013/03/14/the-national-hockey-league-officially-announces-it-will-realign-into-a-four-division-structure-and-a-modified-division-based-playoff-system.md) _Context: NHL_
7. [Lindy Ruff, the active longest tenured coach in the National Hockey League is fired by the Buffalo Sabres after serving as the team's head coach for fifteen seasons. Ruff leaves the Sabres as the franchise's all time leader in wins and games coached. Ruff's 571 victories with the Sabres, rank second to Al Arbour's 709 with the New York Islanders. ](/news/2013/02/20/lindy-ruff-the-active-longest-tenured-coach-in-the-national-hockey-league-is-fired-by-the-buffalo-sabres-after-serving-as-the-team-s-head-c.md) _Context: NHL_
8. [In ice hockey, the National Hockey League's Chicago Blackhawks defeat the Vancouver Canucks in a shooutout for the Blackhawks' sixteenth consecutive game without a regulation loss to start the 2012-13 NHL season, tying the 2006-07 Anaheim Ducks' record. Blackhawks forward Marian Hossa is forced to leave the game after being struck in the back of the head by Canucks forward Jannik Hansen. ](/news/2013/02/19/in-ice-hockey-the-national-hockey-league-s-chicago-blackhawks-defeat-the-vancouver-canucks-in-a-shooutout-for-the-blackhawks-sixteenth-con.md) _Context: NHL_
9. [In ice hockey, the Board of Governors of the National Hockey League unanimously approves the new CBA between the league and the National Hockey League Players' Association. Pending approval of the CBA by the players' association, the league will play a shortened 48-game 2012-13 NHL season beginning January 19. ](/news/2013/01/9/in-ice-hockey-the-board-of-governors-of-the-national-hockey-league-unanimously-approves-the-new-cba-between-the-league-and-the-national-hoc.md) _Context: NHL_
10. [In ice hockey, the National Hockey League and the National Hockey League Players' Association reach an agreement that ends the 2012-13 NHL lockout and averts the cancellation of the 2012-13 NHL season. ](/news/2013/01/6/in-ice-hockey-the-national-hockey-league-and-the-national-hockey-league-players-association-reach-an-agreement-that-ends-the-2012a13-nhl.md) _Context: NHL_
