### [2002-05-24](/news/2002/05/24/index.md)

#  An article in the journal "Science" reports that a new naturally occurring amino acid has been found in a certain type of archaic bacteria. Scientists are calling this new amino acid Pyrrolysine.




### Related:

1. [A report by a team of Japanese scientists, published in the American Association for the Advancement of Science journal "Science", has identified bacteria -- isolated from outside a bottle recycling facility -- that can break down and metabolize plastic. The microbe appears to have evolved a pair of enzymes it uses to break down polyethylene terephthalate or PET, the most common thermoplastic polymer resin in consumer products. ](/news/2016/03/11/a-report-by-a-team-of-japanese-scientists-published-in-the-american-association-for-the-advancement-of-science-journal-science-has-ident.md) _Context: Science, bacteria_
2. [ American scientists identify a new strain of potentially lethal bacteria called "Bartonella rochalimae". ](/news/2007/06/7/american-scientists-identify-a-new-strain-of-potentially-lethal-bacteria-called-bartonella-rochalimae.md) _Context: Scientist, bacteria_
3. [ Two Harvard scientists report, in the peer-reviewed journal "Science", the first creation of metallic hydrogen in a laboratory, using a diamond anvil cell. Other researchers did not agree with this finding when it was first posted on the arXiv preprint server in October 2016, and have not yet changed their positions. ](/news/2017/01/27/two-harvard-scientists-report-in-the-peer-reviewed-journal-science-the-first-creation-of-metallic-hydrogen-in-a-laboratory-using-a-dia.md) _Context: Science_
4. [Researchers in Iceland report on CarbFix, in the journal "Science", that carbon dioxide emissions can be pumped into the earth and changed chemically to stone &nbsp;- significantly faster than expected. ](/news/2016/06/9/researchers-in-iceland-report-on-carbfix-in-the-journal-science-that-carbon-dioxide-emissions-can-be-pumped-into-the-earth-and-changed-c.md) _Context: Science_
5. ["Science" publishes a series of papers on biodiversity in the deep sea, including tens of thousands of single-celled organisms most of which had not been previously identified. ](/news/2015/05/22/science-publishes-a-series-of-papers-on-biodiversity-in-the-deep-sea-including-tens-of-thousands-of-single-celled-organisms-most-of-which.md) _Context: Science_
6. [Studies published in "Geophysical Research Letters" and "Science" find that the West Antarctic ice sheet is potentially irrevocably melting. ](/news/2014/05/13/studies-published-in-geophysical-research-letters-and-science-find-that-the-west-antarctic-ice-sheet-is-potentially-irrevocably-melting.md) _Context: Science_
7. [Russian scientists announce they have found a wholly new type of bacteria in the mysterious subglacial Lake Vostok in Antarctica. ](/news/2013/03/8/russian-scientists-announce-they-have-found-a-wholly-new-type-of-bacteria-in-the-mysterious-subglacial-lake-vostok-in-antarctica.md) _Context: bacteria_
8. [New data suggests that the Mariana Trench, the deepest part of the World Ocean, is home to a large amount of bacterial life forms. ](/news/2013/03/17/new-data-suggests-that-the-mariana-trench-the-deepest-part-of-the-world-ocean-is-home-to-a-large-amount-of-bacterial-life-forms.md) _Context: bacteria_
9. [The confirmation of the existence of a subatomic particle known as the Higgs boson is named as 2012 Breakthrough of the Year by the "Science" magazine. ](/news/2012/12/30/the-confirmation-of-the-existence-of-a-subatomic-particle-known-as-the-higgs-boson-is-named-as-2012-breakthrough-of-the-year-by-the-science.md) _Context: Science_
10. [Archaeologist Michael R. Waters and associates report in "Science" that discoveries at the Debra L Friedkin site north of Austin, Texas, may indicate that the Clovis culture was not the first to settle the Americas. ](/news/2011/03/25/archaeologist-michael-r-waters-and-associates-report-in-science-that-discoveries-at-the-debra-l-friedkin-site-north-of-austin-texas-may.md) _Context: Science_
