### [2006-08-25](/news/2006/08/25/index.md)

#  Danny Ferrer, owner of BuysUSA.com, is convicted of conspiracy and copyright infringement, sentenced to 6 years in prison, and ordered to pay more than US$4.1 million in damages to companies such as Adobe Systems, Autodesk, and Macromedia. 

Man Gets 6 Years in Software Piracy Case, Man who made millions from selling pirated software on Web gets 6 years


### Source:

1. [FOX News](http://www.foxnews.com/wires/2006Aug25/0,4670,SoftwarePiracy,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ Adobe Systems buys Macromedia for $3.4 billion. [http://biz.yahoo.com/ap/050418/adobe_macromedia.html?.v=9 (Yahoo! Financial)] (Link dead as of 04:02, 16 January 2007 (UTC)), [http://www.nytimes.com/2005/04/18/technology/18cnd-adobe.html (New York Times)] (registration required), [http://www.usatoday.com/money/industries/technology/2005-04-18-adobe-macromedia_x.htm?csp=34 (USA Today)], [http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/7543918/ (MSNBC)].](/news/2005/04/18/adobe-systems-buys-macromedia-for-3-4-billion-http-biz-yahoo-com-ap-050418-adobe_macromedia-html-v-9-yahoo-financial-link-dead-a.md) _Context: Adobe, Macromedia_
2. [In an interview, U.S. President Donald Trump says the U.S. dollar is "getting too strong" and wants to keep interest rates low, causing the U.S. Dollar Index to fall. ](/news/2017/04/12/in-an-interview-u-s-president-donald-trump-says-the-u-s-dollar-is-getting-too-strong-and-wants-to-keep-interest-rates-low-causing-the.md) _Context: U.S. dollar_
3. [South Korea announces it will be raising its US$217,000 cash reward for classified information from North Korea by defectors to $860,000. ](/news/2017/03/5/south-korea-announces-it-will-be-raising-its-us-217-000-cash-reward-for-classified-information-from-north-korea-by-defectors-to-860-000.md) _Context: U.S. dollar_
4. [An Austrian court grants a United States request to extradite Ukrainian businessman Dmytro Firtash. U.S. officials accuse Firtash of being involved in a scandal where he allegedly paid US$18.5 million in bribes for a permit to mine titanium in India, something Firtash denies. ](/news/2017/02/21/an-austrian-court-grants-a-united-states-request-to-extradite-ukrainian-businessman-dmytro-firtash-u-s-officials-accuse-firtash-of-being-i.md) _Context: U.S. dollar_
5. [Kraft Heinz drops its bid to buy Unilever for US$143 billion. Unilever rejected the idea last Friday but Kraft Heinz still expressed interest in finding an agreement. ](/news/2017/02/19/kraft-heinz-drops-its-bid-to-buy-unilever-for-us-143-billion-unilever-rejected-the-idea-last-friday-but-kraft-heinz-still-expressed-interes.md) _Context: U.S. dollar_
6. [British-Dutch consumer goods company Unilever rejects a US$143 billion takeover from Kraft Heinz, saying the deal had no financial or strategic merit. Nevertheless, Kraft is still interested in finding agreement; it has until March 17 to make a final bid under UK takeover rules. ](/news/2017/02/17/british-dutch-consumer-goods-company-unilever-rejects-a-us-143-billion-takeover-from-kraft-heinz-saying-the-deal-had-no-financial-or-strate.md) _Context: U.S. dollar_
7. [A judge in Peru issues an arrest warrant for former President Alejandro Toledo for allegedly receiving US$20 million in bribes from Odebrecht, a Brazilian construction company, in exchange for a contract deal to build a transoceanic highway between Brazil and the Peruvian coast. Toledo denies any wrongdoing. ](/news/2017/02/10/a-judge-in-peru-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-president-alejandro-toledo-for-allegedly-receiving-us-20-million-in-bribes-from-odebrech.md) _Context: U.S. dollar_
8. [An Italian court orders former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi to stand trial on April 4 on charges of allegedly bribing witnesses with EUR10 million (US$11 million) in order to silence them over accusations he paid for sex with young women. ](/news/2017/01/28/an-italian-court-orders-former-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-to-stand-trial-on-april-4-on-charges-of-allegedly-bribing-witnesses-with-a.md) _Context: U.S. dollar_
9. [Police discover US$20 million in a bed frame under a mattress at a Massachusetts home. The cash is believed to be linked to Telexfree, a pyramid scheme disguised as a company that claimed to provide internet phone services. A Brazilian man that police were following was charged in connection to the money. ](/news/2017/01/24/police-discover-us-20-million-in-a-bed-frame-under-a-mattress-at-a-massachusetts-home-the-cash-is-believed-to-be-linked-to-telexfree-a-pyr.md) _Context: U.S. dollar_
10. [According to an advisor to Gambian President Adama Barrow, more than 500 million dalasi, equivalent to US$11.3 million, are reported missing from state coffers after former President Yahya Jammeh left the country in exile. ](/news/2017/01/23/according-to-an-advisor-to-gambian-president-adama-barrow-more-than-500-million-dalasi-equivalent-to-us-11-3-million-are-reported-missing.md) _Context: U.S. dollar_
