### [2005-06-30](/news/2005/06/30/index.md)

#  In Belgium, the Parliament Speaker Herman De Croo cancels a lunch with a delegation from the Iranian parliament, led by Speaker Gholam-Ali Haddad-Adel, because of the Iranians' insistence on not serving alcoholic drinks, and a meeting with senate president Anne-Marie Lizin because of the men in the delegation refusing to shake hands with her, a non-related woman.




### Related:

1. [ 2006 Iranian sumptuary law controversy:  The Canadian ''National Post'' reports that certain "Iranian expatriates living in Canada" are claiming that the Iranian parliament has passed a law that would require the country's non-Muslim religious minorities to wear distinctive markings: yellow ribbons for Jews, red for Christians and blue for Zoroastrians. After great controversy, the ''National Post'' retracts its original report. ](/news/2006/05/19/2006-iranian-sumptuary-law-controversy-p-the-canadian-national-post-reports-that-certain-iranian-expatriates-living-in-canada-are-cl.md) _Context: Iran, Majlis of Iran_
2. [An explosion at a coal mine near Azadshahr, Iran, kills at least 35 miners and traps 39 others, according to state media. ](/news/2017/05/3/an-explosion-at-a-coal-mine-near-azadshahr-iran-kills-at-least-35-miners-and-traps-39-others-according-to-state-media.md) _Context: Iran_
3. [A 6.1 magnitude earthquake struck northeast Iran near the city of Mashhad, kills 1 person and at that least four were injured. ](/news/2017/04/5/a-6-1-magnitude-earthquake-struck-northeast-iran-near-the-city-of-mashhad-kills-1-person-and-at-that-least-four-were-injured.md) _Context: Iran_
4. [Saeed Karimian, the founder and director of GEM TV, a Persian language network based in Dubai, is shot dead in Istanbul, Turkey, along with his Kuwaiti business partner. Karimian had previously been tried in absentia by a Tehran court and sentenced to six years in prison for spreading propaganda against Iran. ](/news/2017/04/30/saeed-karimian-the-founder-and-director-of-gem-tv-a-persian-language-network-based-in-dubai-is-shot-dead-in-istanbul-turkey-along-with.md) _Context: Iran_
5. [At least ten Iranian border guards are killed in an ambush in the southeastern Sistan and Baluchestan Province on the border with Pakistan. Sunni militant group Jaish ul-Adl claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/04/26/at-least-ten-iranian-border-guards-are-killed-in-an-ambush-in-the-southeastern-sistan-and-baluchestan-province-on-the-border-with-pakistan.md) _Context: Iran_
6. [Arms trader Jacques Monsieur is to defend himself again at a Brussels court against accusations of arms trafficking to Libya, Chad, Guinea-Bissau, Pakistan and Iran between 2006 and 2009. ](/news/2017/04/21/arms-trader-jacques-monsieur-is-to-defend-himself-again-at-a-brussels-court-against-accusations-of-arms-trafficking-to-libya-chad-guinea-b.md) _Context: Iran_
7. [Flash flooding caused by torrential rain leaves at least 17 people dead and 20 others missing in northwestern Iran, according to state television. ](/news/2017/04/15/flash-flooding-caused-by-torrential-rain-leaves-at-least-17-people-dead-and-20-others-missing-in-northwestern-iran-according-to-state-telev.md) _Context: Iran_
8. [The United States Department of the Treasury announces new sanctions against Iran in response to the latter's recent ballistic missile test. Thirteen people and twelve entities with ties to Iran have been affected. ](/news/2017/02/3/the-united-states-department-of-the-treasury-announces-new-sanctions-against-iran-in-response-to-the-latter-s-recent-ballistic-missile-test.md) _Context: Iran_
9. [Iranian Minister of Defence Hossein Dehghan confirms Iran tested a new missile, claiming that the test did not violate the 2015 nuclear deal nor UN resolution 2231. ](/news/2017/02/1/iranian-minister-of-defence-hossein-dehghan-confirms-iran-tested-a-new-missile-claiming-that-the-test-did-not-violate-the-2015-nuclear-deal.md) _Context: Iran_
10. [The Iranian government declares three days of national mourning following the death of the former president and one of the key figures in the Islamic Republic. ](/news/2017/01/9/the-iranian-government-declares-three-days-of-national-mourning-following-the-death-of-the-former-president-and-one-of-the-key-figures-in-th.md) _Context: Iran_
