### [2005-06-30](/news/2005/06/30/index.md)

#  In Brazil, president Luiz Incio Lula da Silva orders an investigation into allegations of corruption at the energy company Centrais Eletricas Brasileiras SA




### Related:

1. [Hundreds of thousands in Brazil's major cities,  some estimates say more than 3 million people,  protest the weak economy and political corruption, and call for  President Dilma Rousseff's impeachment. ](/news/2016/03/13/hundreds-of-thousands-in-brazil-s-major-cities-some-estimates-say-more-than-3-million-people-protest-the-weak-economy-and-political-corr.md) _Context: Brazil, anti-corruption_
2. [Brazilian President Luiz Incio Lula da Silva lands in Israel at the start of his Middle East tour of Palestine and Jordan before his visit to Iran. ](/news/2010/03/14/brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-lands-in-israel-at-the-start-of-his-middle-east-tour-of-palestine-and-jordan-before-his-visit.md) _Context: Brazil, Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva_
3. [ Brazilian President Luiz Incio Lula da Silva heavily criticises the "rich countries", the G8 and other international bodies over the global economic crisis. ](/news/2009/09/13/brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-heavily-criticises-the-rich-countries-the-g8-and-other-international-bodies-over-the-globa.md) _Context: Brazil, Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva_
4. [ Brazil's former Environment minister Marina Silva joins the Green Party which wants to field her as a black female candidate for the 2010 Brazilian presidential race when President Lula's two terms comes to an end. ](/news/2009/08/30/brazil-s-former-environment-minister-marina-silva-joins-the-green-party-which-wants-to-field-her-as-a-black-female-candidate-for-the-2010-b.md) _Context: Brazil, Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva_
5. [ President Luiz Incio Lula da Silva says that he will defend Brazil's record on global climate change when he addresses the United Nations General Assembly this week. ](/news/2007/09/24/president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-says-that-he-will-defend-brazil-s-record-on-global-climate-change-when-he-addresses-the-united-nations.md) _Context: Brazil, Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva_
6. [ President Luiz Incio Lula da Silva announces plans to build a nuclear-powered submarine to patrol the waters off Brazil's coast at a cost of US$500 million. ](/news/2007/07/10/president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-announces-plans-to-build-a-nuclear-powered-submarine-to-patrol-the-waters-off-brazil-s-coast-at-a-cost.md) _Context: Brazil, Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva_
7. [ Silas Rondeau, the Energy Minister of Brazil, resigns over allegations of corruption in a public works project. ](/news/2007/05/22/silas-rondeau-the-energy-minister-of-brazil-resigns-over-allegations-of-corruption-in-a-public-works-project.md) _Context: Brazil, anti-corruption_
8. [ In Brazil, president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva promises investigation on allegations that his party offered bribes to parliamentarians for political support ](/news/2005/06/7/in-brazil-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-promises-investigation-on-allegations-that-his-party-offered-bribes-to-parliamentarians-for.md) _Context: Brazil, Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva_
9. [ In Brazil, president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva demands that the opposition present proof of its allegations that government had given bribes for political support ](/news/2005/06/21/in-brazil-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-demands-that-the-opposition-present-proof-of-its-allegations-that-government-had-given-bribe.md) _Context: Brazil, Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva_
10. [In Paraguay, around 50 armed men, allegedly belonging to the Brazil-based First Capital Command criminal gang, storm a security vault and police headquarters in Ciudad del Este, escaping with around $6 million in a daring cross-border raid. ](/news/2017/04/25/in-paraguay-around-50-armed-men-allegedly-belonging-to-the-brazil-based-first-capital-command-criminal-gang-storm-a-security-vault-and-po.md) _Context: Brazil_
