### [2005-06-30](/news/2005/06/30/index.md)

#  In Minnesota, the state legislature fails to come to an agreement on the state budget for the 2006-2007 biennium. At midnight, the government shuts down, leading to cries of derision from state residents and both of the state's largest newspapers, the liberal-leaning "Star Tribune" and the conservative-leaning "St. Paul Pioneer Press".




### Related:

1. [The Democratic Governor of Minnesota Mark Dayton and Republican legislative leaders reach a budget deal which will end a shutdown of the US state government within days. ](/news/2011/07/14/the-democratic-governor-of-minnesota-mark-dayton-and-republican-legislative-leaders-reach-a-budget-deal-which-will-end-a-shutdown-of-the-us.md) _Context: Minnesota, legislative_
2. [ A "lights on" bill to resume normal government operation is approved in Minnesota. The Minnesota Legislature now has until July 14 to approve a budget. ](/news/2005/07/9/a-lights-on-bill-to-resume-normal-government-operation-is-approved-in-minnesota-the-minnesota-legislature-now-has-until-july-14-to-appro.md) _Context: Minnesota, legislative_
3. [ Much of the government of Minnesota shuts down as the state legislature fails to pass a budget by the end of the fiscal year. (Wikinews) ](/news/2005/07/1/much-of-the-government-of-minnesota-shuts-down-as-the-state-legislature-fails-to-pass-a-budget-by-the-end-of-the-fiscal-year-wikinews.md) _Context: Minnesota, legislative_
4. [Abortion in Chile. Chilean lawmakers have approved a bill that would legalize abortion in limited circumstances and end the socially conservative country's status as the last in South America with a blanket ban on the procedure. ](/news/2017/08/3/abortion-in-chile-chilean-lawmakers-have-approved-a-bill-that-would-legalize-abortion-in-limited-circumstances-and-end-the-socially-conserv.md) _Context: conservative_
5. [Minnehaha Academy gas explosion. A natural gas explosion at college prep school Minnehaha Academy in Minneapolis, Minnesota, kills two staff members. Another nine people were injured, seven of whom are hospitalized, three in critical and four in serious condition. ](/news/2017/08/2/minnehaha-academy-gas-explosion-a-natural-gas-explosion-at-college-prep-school-minnehaha-academy-in-minneapolis-minnesota-kills-two-staff.md) _Context: Minnesota_
6. [Shooting of Justine Damond. Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull expresses shock and demands answers after an Australian woman, who called 9-1-1 for help because of a suspected assault near her home, was shot and killed on Saturday by a U.S. police officer who had responded in Minneapolis, Minnesota. ](/news/2017/07/19/shooting-of-justine-damond-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-expresses-shock-and-demands-answers-after-an-australian-woman-who-ca.md) _Context: Minnesota_
7. [Romanian legislative election, 2016. Romania's centre-left Social Democratic Party won 45% of the seats in both houses of parliament in Sunday's election, and with the expected participation of the liberal centre-right Alliance of Liberals and Democrats Party in the coalition government, will hold an outright majority of 250 seats in the 465-seat assembly. ](/news/2016/12/15/romanian-legislative-election-2016-romania-s-centre-left-social-democratic-party-won-45-of-the-seats-in-both-houses-of-parliament-in-sund.md) _Context: liberal_
8. [Moldovan presidential election, 2016. Voters in Moldova head to the polls in the country's presidential runoff between two opposition candidates, Igor Dodon, from the pro-Russian socialist PSRM, and Maia Sandu, from the pro-EU liberal PAS, with Dodon expected to win. Preliminary results, in this first Moldovan election where the president is chosen by national votes rather than by parliament, will be announced Monday. ](/news/2016/11/13/moldovan-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-moldova-head-to-the-polls-in-the-country-s-presidential-runoff-between-two-opposition-candid.md) _Context: liberal_
9. [Bulgarian presidential election, 2016. Bulgarians head to the polls in a presidential runoff between BSP backed Rumen Radev, of the socialist opposition, and Tsetska Tsacheva, Chairwoman of the National Assembly, from incumbent prime-minister Boyko Borisov's conservative GERB. Exit polls by Alpha Research and Gallup International show Radev with about 58 percent of the vote with Tsacheva getting around 35 percent. ](/news/2016/11/13/bulgarian-presidential-election-2016-bulgarians-head-to-the-polls-in-a-presidential-runoff-between-bsp-backed-rumen-radev-of-the-socialis.md) _Context: conservative_
10. [2016 UCLA shooting. A second victim of the UCLA shooter is found in Minnesota; the shooter is identified as a former Ph.D. candidate in mechanical engineering that claimed his first victim had "cleverly stolen his code." ](/news/2016/06/2/2016-ucla-shooting-a-second-victim-of-the-ucla-shooter-is-found-in-minnesota-the-shooter-is-identified-as-a-former-ph-d-candidate-in-mech.md) _Context: Minnesota_
