### [2005-06-30](/news/2005/06/30/index.md)

#  In the United States President George W. Bush names U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) member Cynthia A. Glassman as acting chair, replacing William Donaldson, who announced his retirement early this month, effective today.




### Related:

1. [ The chairman of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, William Donaldson, announces that he will leave that post at the end of June. ](/news/2005/06/1/the-chairman-of-the-u-s-securities-and-exchange-commission-william-donaldson-announces-that-he-will-leave-that-post-at-the-end-of-june.md) _Context: Securities and Exchange Commission, William Donaldson_
2. [ William Donaldson, chairman of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, launches a scathing attack on the US securities and mutual fund industries. Eliot Spitzer, New York Attorney General, is expected to shortly file civil and criminal charges against a widening group of fund management companies.](/news/2003/11/9/william-donaldson-chairman-of-the-u-s-securities-and-exchange-commission-launches-a-scathing-attack-on-the-us-securities-and-mutual-fund.md) _Context: Securities and Exchange Commission, William Donaldson_
3. [President Donald Trump is expected to nominate Columbia University law professor Robert Jackson to be a member of the Securities and Exchange Commission. ](/news/2017/08/31/president-donald-trump-is-expected-to-nominate-columbia-university-law-professor-robert-jackson-to-be-a-member-of-the-securities-and-exchang.md) _Context: Securities and Exchange Commission_
4. [President-elect Donald Trump names Tom Price as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services; former President George W. Bush Administration official and wife of Mitch McConnell Elaine Chao as United States Secretary of Transportation; ](/news/2016/11/29/president-elect-donald-trump-names-tom-price-as-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-services-former-president-george-w-bush-admini.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
5. ["The Wall Street Journal" reports that the FBI and SEC have launched an insider trading investigation involving billionaire investor Carl Icahn, Las Vegas gambler and investor Billy Walters, and golf superstar Phil Mickelson. No wrongdoing has yet been alleged. ](/news/2014/05/30/the-wall-street-journal-reports-that-the-fbi-and-sec-have-launched-an-insider-trading-investigation-involving-billionaire-investor-carl-ic.md) _Context: Securities and Exchange Commission_
6. [A Gulfstream IV aircraft carrying former President George W. Bush from Philadelphia International Airport to Dallas Love Field is diverted safely to Louisville International Airport when the pilot smells smoke; Bush arrived safely in Dallas early Sunday. ](/news/2013/06/15/a-gulfstream-iv-aircraft-carrying-former-president-george-w-bush-from-philadelphia-international-airport-to-dallas-love-field-is-diverted-s.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
7. [The George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas, Texas, is dedicated in the presence of President of the United States Barack Obama, former president George W. Bush and all living former presidents. The complex will be opened to the public on May 1. ](/news/2013/04/25/the-george-w-bush-presidential-center-in-dallas-texas-is-dedicated-in-the-presence-of-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-former.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
8. [The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission accuses the state of Illinois of securities fraud by misleading investors about the health of the state's public pension fund. ](/news/2013/03/11/the-u-s-securities-and-exchange-commission-accuses-the-state-of-illinois-of-securities-fraud-by-misleading-investors-about-the-health-of-th.md) _Context: Securities and Exchange Commission_
9. [U.S. news magazine "Time" selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those-of.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
10. [BP announces it will plead guilty to charges of manslaughter and obstruction of Congress, and will pay a total of US$4.5 billion to the US Department of Justice and Securities and Exchange Commission. ](/news/2012/11/15/bp-announces-it-will-plead-guilty-to-charges-of-manslaughter-and-obstruction-of-congress-and-will-pay-a-total-of-us-4-5-billion-to-the-us-d.md) _Context: Securities and Exchange Commission_
