### [2005-06-30](/news/2005/06/30/index.md)

#  Somalian gunmen hijack a ship carrying United Nations food aid and demand $500.000 ransom for the crew.




### Related:

1. [At least 110 people have died of starvation in the drought-hit region of Bay, Somalia, in the past 48 hours, according to Prime Minister Hassan Ali Khayre. This comes as the United Nations and various non-governmental organizations are warning of potential famine in the country. ](/news/2017/03/4/at-least-110-people-have-died-of-starvation-in-the-drought-hit-region-of-bay-somalia-in-the-past-48-hours-according-to-prime-minister-has.md) _Context: Somali, United Nations_
2. [The United Nations and various humanitarian groups call on the international community to help prevent a possible famine in Somalia as rising food prices and drought have left over six million people at risk of starvation. ](/news/2017/02/3/the-united-nations-and-various-humanitarian-groups-call-on-the-international-community-to-help-prevent-a-possible-famine-in-somalia-as-risin.md) _Context: Somali, United Nations_
3. [The United Nations World Food Programme prepares an airlift to Mogadishu in Somalia to help relieve the 2011 Horn of Africa famine. ](/news/2011/07/27/the-united-nations-world-food-programme-prepares-an-airlift-to-mogadishu-in-somalia-to-help-relieve-the-2011-horn-of-africa-famine.md) _Context: Somali, United Nations_
4. [2011 Horn of Africa famine: The United Nations declares a famine in southern Somalia. ](/news/2011/07/20/2011-horn-of-africa-famine-the-united-nations-declares-a-famine-in-southern-somalia.md) _Context: Somali, United Nations_
5. [The United Nations delivers aid to parts of Somalia controlled by al-Shabab militants for the first time since they ended the ban on food supplies. ](/news/2011/07/17/the-united-nations-delivers-aid-to-parts-of-somalia-controlled-by-al-shabab-militants-for-the-first-time-since-they-ended-the-ban-on-food-su.md) _Context: Somali, United Nations_
6. [The United Nations reports the worst drought in six decades is affecting more than 10 million people and forced people in Somalia to flee to Kenya and Ethiopia as they starve to death. ](/news/2011/06/28/the-united-nations-reports-the-worst-drought-in-six-decades-is-affecting-more-than-10-million-people-and-forced-people-in-somalia-to-flee-to.md) _Context: Somali, United Nations_
7. [Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed, Prime Minister of the United Nations-backed Transitional Federal Government of Somalia, calls on UN agencies basing themselves in Kenya for safety reasons to move to Mogadishu within three months, citing the presence of UN agencies in "more dangerous" cities such as Kabul and Baghdad. ](/news/2011/04/5/mohamed-abdullahi-mohamed-prime-minister-of-the-united-nations-backed-transitional-federal-government-of-somalia-calls-on-un-agencies-basi.md) _Context: Somali, United Nations_
8. [The United Nations says children in drought-infected Somalia are suffering some of the highest malnutrition rates in the world. ](/news/2011/04/22/the-united-nations-says-children-in-drought-infected-somalia-are-suffering-some-of-the-highest-malnutrition-rates-in-the-world.md) _Context: Somali, United Nations_
9. [The United Nations calls for the international community to increase support to Somalia as the country approaches the twentieth anniversary since the start of its civil war. ](/news/2011/01/24/the-united-nations-calls-for-the-international-community-to-increase-support-to-somalia-as-the-country-approaches-the-twentieth-anniversary.md) _Context: Somali, United Nations_
10. [Two rebel groups in Somalia&ndash;al-Shabaab and the Islamic Party&ndash;announce plans to merge to try to topple the UN-backed Transitional Federal Government. ](/news/2010/12/19/two-rebel-groups-in-somalia-ndash-al-shabaab-and-the-islamic-party-ndash-announce-plans-to-merge-to-try-to-topple-the-un-backed-transitional.md) _Context: Somali, United Nations_
