### [2005-06-30](/news/2005/06/30/index.md)

#  There are conflicting reports about Bandar bin Sultan, Saudi Arabian ambassador to United States. BBC reports that he has resigned but the Saudi embassy says he is just in a holiday.




### Related:

1. [ Saudi Arabian long-time ambassador to the US, prince Bandar bin Sultan, resigns for "personal reasons" ](/news/2005/07/20/saudi-arabian-long-time-ambassador-to-the-us-prince-bandar-bin-sultan-resigns-for-personal-reasons.md) _Context: Bandar bin Sultan, Saudi Arabia_
2. [Human rights activists accuse forces led by Saudi Arabia and the UAE of kidnapping and torturing people during the Yemeni conflict. ](/news/2017/06/9/human-rights-activists-accuse-forces-led-by-saudi-arabia-and-the-uae-of-kidnapping-and-torturing-people-during-the-yemeni-conflict.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
3. [The Saudi Arabia-led bloc against Qatar issues a "terror list" against the peninsula. ](/news/2017/06/8/the-saudi-arabia-led-bloc-against-qatar-issues-a-terror-list-against-the-peninsula.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
4. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
5. [The Egyptian parliament approves the transfer of two uninhabited Red Sea islands, Tiran Island and Sanafir Island, to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2017/06/14/the-egyptian-parliament-approves-the-transfer-of-two-uninhabited-red-sea-islands-tiran-island-and-sanafir-island-to-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
6. [U.S. President Donald Trump arrives in Saudi Arabia, his first of three scheduled foreign trips. Trump signs an arms deal with King Salman worth more than US$100 billion. ](/news/2017/05/20/u-s-president-donald-trump-arrives-in-saudi-arabia-his-first-of-three-scheduled-foreign-trips-trump-signs-an-arms-deal-with-king-salman-w.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
7. [Saudi Arabia announces the arrest of 46 of what it describes as militants connected with the summer 2016 suicide bombing of Al-Masjid an-Nabawi in Medina.  ](/news/2017/05/1/saudi-arabia-announces-the-arrest-of-46-of-what-it-describes-as-militants-connected-with-the-summer-2016-suicide-bombing-of-al-masjid-an-nab.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
8. [Saudi Arabia is among twelve countries newly elected to the United Nations Commission on the Status of Women, despite the nation's conflicts with women's rights. ](/news/2017/04/25/saudi-arabia-is-among-twelve-countries-newly-elected-to-the-united-nations-commission-on-the-status-of-women-despite-the-nation-s-conflicts.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
9. [Twelve Saudi Arabian military officers die after their Sikorsky UH-60 Black Hawk crashes in Yemen's Ma'rib Governorate. ](/news/2017/04/18/twelve-saudi-arabian-military-officers-die-after-their-sikorsky-uh-60-black-hawk-crashes-in-yemen-s-ma-rib-governorate.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia_
10. [The Trump White House bars ''The New York Times'', CNN, the ''Los Angeles Times'', the ''New York Daily News'', ''The Hill'',  the ''Daily Mail'',  BBC,  Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as  Breitbart News, One America News Network, and ''The Washington Times''. Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News,  ''The Wall Street Journal'', Bloomberg News, and Fox News. ''Time'' magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to  in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-m.md) _Context: BBC_
