### [2005-06-30](/news/2005/06/30/index.md)

#  "Time" says that it will hand over records in compliance with a court order in the investigation of the leak of a covert CIA operative's name. This decision in the matter of Valerie Plame could avoid jail time for one of its reporters, Matthew Cooper.




### Related:

1. [ "Time" correspondent Matthew Cooper reveals that last week he told a grand jury that Karl Rove&mdash;a top White House political adviser to U.S. President George W. Bush&mdash; was the first to reveal Valerie Plame's identity as a CIA agent. ](/news/2005/07/17/time-correspondent-matthew-cooper-reveals-that-last-week-he-told-a-grand-jury-that-karl-rove-mdash-a-top-white-house-political-adviser-to.md) _Context: CIA, Matthew Cooper, Time, Valerie Plame_
2. [ "The New York Times" reporter Judith Miller is released from federal jail after receiving a waiver from her news source, allowing her to testify in the investigation of the outing of CIA operative Valerie Plame. [http://edition.cnn.com/2005/POLITICS/09/29/cia.leak/index.html (CNN)] [http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20050930/ap_on_go_ca_st_pe/cia_leak_investigation (Yahoo News)] (Link dead as of 00:44, 15 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/09/29/the-new-york-times-reporter-judith-miller-is-released-from-federal-jail-after-receiving-a-waiver-from-her-news-source-allowing-her-to-te.md) _Context: CIA, Valerie Plame_
3. [ On "The McLaughlin Group" programme, MSNBC's political analyst Lawrence O'Donnell claims to have known that the identity of Matthew Cooper's source in the Valerie Plame exposure scandal was Karl Rove. ](/news/2005/07/2/on-the-mclaughlin-group-programme-msnbc-s-political-analyst-lawrence-o-donnell-claims-to-have-known-that-the-identity-of-matthew-cooper.md) _Context: Matthew Cooper, Valerie Plame_
4. [ In Washington, D.C., Presidential Press Secretary Scott McClellan refused for the second day in a row to respond to reporters' questions about Newsweek's revelation that Karl Rove disclosed the identity of CIA agent Valerie Plame. McClellan had asserted Rove's innocence on many occasions in the past. The President, at a photo-op today, ignored reporters who asked if his pledge to fire any staffer involved was still operative. ](/news/2005/07/12/in-washington-d-c-presidential-press-secretary-scott-mcclellan-refused-for-the-second-day-in-a-row-to-respond-to-reporters-questions-ab.md) _Context: CIA, Valerie Plame_
5. [U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft recuses himself and his office from the CIA leak scandal, in which the identity of Valerie Plame, a CIA operative, was leaked by Washington insiders. Democratic political leaders had been calling for Ashcroft's recusal. [http://www.cnn.com/2003/ALLPOLITICS/12/30/ashcroft.cia.leaks.reut/index.html]](/news/2003/12/30/u-s-attorney-general-john-ashcroft-recuses-himself-and-his-office-from-the-cia-leak-scandal-in-which-the-identity-of-valerie-plame-a-cia.md) _Context: CIA, Valerie Plame_
6. [Presidency of Donald Trump: The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents- Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House-s actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/presidency-of-donald-trump-the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-h.md) _Context: Time_
7. [United States presidential election, 2016: The CIA has concluded that Russia actively tried to help Donald Trump win the 2016 U.S. presidential election. ](/news/2016/12/9/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-cia-has-concluded-that-russia-actively-tried-to-help-donald-trump-win-the-2016-u-s-president.md) _Context: CIA_
8. [Angela Merkel is named as "Time"'s Person of the Year. ](/news/2015/12/9/angela-merkel-is-named-as-time-s-person-of-the-year.md) _Context: Time_
9. [In Peshawar, an unknown assailant shoots and kills Pakistani lawyer Samiullah Afridi, who had defended Dr. Shakil Afridi (in regards to assisting CIA agents hunt al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden), with two Pakistan militant groups, Jundullah and Jamaatul Ahrar, both claiming responsibility. ](/news/2015/03/17/in-peshawar-an-unknown-assailant-shoots-and-kills-pakistani-lawyer-samiullah-afridi-who-had-defended-dr-shakil-afridi-in-regards-to-assi.md) _Context: CIA_
10. [The US Eastern District Court of Virginia convicts a disgruntled former CIA officer, Jeffrey Alexander Sterling, of leaking secrets to a reporter. All nine charges he faced stem from a secret CIA mission to derail Iran's nuclear weapons program. ](/news/2015/01/26/the-us-eastern-district-court-of-virginia-convicts-a-disgruntled-former-cia-officer-jeffrey-alexander-sterling-of-leaking-secrets-to-a-rep.md) _Context: CIA_
