### [2007-12-8](/news/2007/12/8/index.md)

#  The United States Department of Justice and the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) launch a joint inquiry into the destruction of two CIA tapes of the interrogation of two suspected al-Qaeda terrorists. 




### Source:

1. [AP via the ''Houston Chronicle](http://www.chron.com/disp/story.mpl/ap/politics/5362915.html)

### Related:

1. [ The United States Central Intelligence Agency admits to destroying at least two videotapes documenting the interrogation of two al-Qaeda operatives in custody following Congressional scrutiny. ](/news/2007/12/6/the-united-states-central-intelligence-agency-admits-to-destroying-at-least-two-videotapes-documenting-the-interrogation-of-two-al-qaeda-op.md) _Context: CIA, U.S., al-Qaeda_
2. [ The U.S. Pentagon says that the CIA has arrested a senior al-Qaeda operative, Abdul Hadi al Iraqi, and transferred him to the Guantanamo Bay detention center. ](/news/2007/04/27/the-u-s-pentagon-says-that-the-cia-has-arrested-a-senior-al-qaeda-operative-abdul-hadi-al-iraqi-and-transferred-him-to-the-guantanamo-ba.md) _Context: CIA, U.S., al-Qaeda_
3. [WikiLeaks releases thousands of documents that it claims provides details of surveillance software used by the United States Central Intelligence Agency. ](/news/2017/03/7/wikileaks-releases-thousands-of-documents-that-it-claims-provides-details-of-surveillance-software-used-by-the-united-states-central-intelli.md) _Context: CIA, U.S._
4. [The Kremlin arrests four people, Kaspersky Lab's Ruslan Stoyanov, and three officials in the Federal Security Service (FSB previously KGB) Center for Information Security, reportedly on treason charges for passing information to America's CIA. ](/news/2017/01/31/the-kremlin-arrests-four-people-kaspersky-lab-s-ruslan-stoyanov-and-three-officials-in-the-federal-security-service-fsb-previously-kgb-c.md) _Context: CIA, U.S._
5. [The United States Education and Justice Departments advise U.S. public school districts across the country to allow transgender students to use the bathrooms that match their gender identity, rather than their gender at birth. The new guidance comes as Justice and North Carolina battle in federal court over the state's new so-called bathroom bill. ](/news/2016/05/13/the-united-states-education-and-justice-departments-advise-u-s-public-school-districts-across-the-country-to-allow-transgender-students-to.md) _Context: U.S., U.S. Justice Department_
6. [In a letter to the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists, the United States Department of Justice announces it is opening a criminal investigation into tax avoidance schemes exposed by the Panama Papers with U.S. attorney Preet Bharara asking the ICIJ for help. ](/news/2016/04/20/in-a-letter-to-the-international-consortium-of-investigative-journalists-the-united-states-department-of-justice-announces-it-is-opening-a.md) _Context: U.S., U.S. Justice Department_
7. [ U.S. officials say unmanned airstrikes in southern Somalia killed about a dozen suspected militants from the al Qaeda-linked group al Shabaab on Monday and Tuesday. ](/news/2016/04/12/u-s-officials-say-unmanned-airstrikes-in-southern-somalia-killed-about-a-dozen-suspected-militants-from-the-al-qaeda-linked-group-al-shaba.md) _Context: U.S., al-Qaeda_
8. [Wikileaks releases U.S. Central Intelligence Agency director John O. Brennan's personal information after the top spy's personal email account was allegedly hacked by a 13-year-old and information sent to Wikileaks. All of the documents predate Brennan's time in the Obama administration and reveal no classified data. Among the information released are Social Security numbers, an incomplete questionnaire for security clearance, and addresses of his family and associates. ](/news/2015/10/21/wikileaks-releases-u-s-central-intelligence-agency-director-john-o-brennan-s-personal-information-after-the-top-spy-s-personal-email-accou.md) _Context: CIA, U.S._
9. [Defense lawyers say the United States continues to block the release of 116 pages of the lawyers' notes detailing the torture that Guantanimo Bay prisoner Abu Zubaydah says he experienced in CIA custody. Zubaydah has yet to be charged with any crime despite being held since 2002. ](/news/2015/09/11/defense-lawyers-say-the-united-states-continues-to-block-the-release-of-116-pages-of-the-lawyers-notes-detailing-the-torture-that-guantanim.md) _Context: CIA, U.S._
10. [Germany expels the Berlin station chief of the United States Central Intelligence Agency following a series of spy scandals. ](/news/2014/07/10/germany-expels-the-berlin-station-chief-of-the-united-states-central-intelligence-agency-following-a-series-of-spy-scandals.md) _Context: CIA, U.S._
