### [2017-02-22](/news/2017/02/22/index.md)

# Amnesty International releases a report criticizing the rise of populist leaders such as Donald Trump of the United States, Viktor Orban of Hungary, Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. 

&quot;The limits of what is acceptable have shifted,&quot; said the 2016 report.


### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2017/02/22/amnesty-international-just-went-there-new-report-compares-politics-today-to-the-1930s/)

### Related:

1. [Marawi crisis: Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte says he is "not aware" of the United States providing support to the Philippine government's military intervention against Islamists in Marawi. Duterte also said that he "never approached America for help". ](/news/2017/06/11/marawi-crisis-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-is-not-aware-of-the-united-states-providing-support-to-the-philippine-governm.md) _Context: Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, United States_
2. [Turkey-United States relations: The U.S. summons Turkish ambassador Serdar Kilic after violence between protesters and Turkish security personnel outside the Embassy of Turkey, Washington, D.C. leaves over a dozen people injured. U.S. Senator John McCain calls on the Trump administration to expel the ambassador. ](/news/2017/05/18/turkey-united-states-relations-the-u-s-summons-turkish-ambassador-serdar-ka-la-ass-after-violence-between-protesters-and-turkish-security.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Turkey, United States_
3. [Philippines-United States relations: The Philippines Secretary of National Defense Delfin Lorenzana suspends participation in any joint patrols with the United States in the disputed South China Sea. Lorenzana will ask a detachment of 107 U.S. troops providing counterterrorism assistance on the southern island of Mindanao to leave as President Rodrigo Duterte requested. ](/news/2016/10/7/philippines-united-states-relations-the-philippines-secretary-of-national-defense-delfin-lorenzana-suspends-participation-in-any-joint-pa.md) _Context: Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, United States_
4. [Philippines-United States relations: Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte says he plans to cut ties with his country's former colonial ruler, the United States, while strengthening ties with China. ](/news/2016/10/20/philippines-united-states-relations-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-plans-to-cut-ties-with-his-country-s-former-colonial-ru.md) _Context: Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, United States_
5. [Media freedom in Turkey: A Turkish court places the influential "Zaman" newspaper under state control. "Zaman" is closely linked to the Gulen movement of influential U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, a former ally of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. ](/news/2016/03/4/media-freedom-in-turkey-a-turkish-court-places-the-influential-zaman-newspaper-under-state-control-zaman-is-closely-linked-to-the-ga1-4l.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey, United States_
6. [Turkish police arrest 24 journalists, all of whom are supporters of Fethullah Gulen who is a rival of current Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and is currently in self-imposed exile in the United States. ](/news/2014/12/14/turkish-police-arrest-24-journalists-all-of-whom-are-supporters-of-fethullah-ga1-4len-who-is-a-rival-of-current-turkish-president-recep-tayyi.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey, United States_
7. [Turkey-s Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan accuses American and Israeli influence of being the ouster of Egypt-s President Mohammed Morsi; which are denied by both. ](/news/2013/08/20/turkey-s-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-accuses-american-and-israeli-influence-of-being-the-ouster-of-egypt-s-president-mohammed-m.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey, United States_
8. [Immigration policy of Donald Trump: United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the RAISE Act, a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. ](/news/2017/08/2/immigration-policy-of-donald-trump-united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-ra.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United States_
9. [Martial law in the Philippines: The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/martial-law-in-the-philippines-the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-l.md) _Context: Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
10. [Philippines-United States relations: History of the Philippines (1898-1946), Philippine-American War: Balangiga massacre: During the annual State of the Nation Address through the Congress of the Philippines, President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte has outright demanded that the United States return the controversial Balangiga bells, taken during one of the campaigns of the Philippine-American War as spoils of war. Previous attempts to recover the bells have all failed so far. ](/news/2017/07/24/philippines-united-states-relations-history-of-the-philippines-1898-1946-philippine-american-war-balangiga-massacre-during-the-a.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, United States_
