### [2017-02-22](/news/2017/02/22/index.md)

# South Africa's North Gauteng High Court rules the government's decision last October to withdraw from the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court was unconstitutional, and instructs the government to revoke its notice of withdrawal. 

JOHANNESBURG (AP) — A South African court ruled Wednesday that the government&#039;s decision to withdraw from the International Criminal Court without parliament&#039;s approval was unconstitutional. The country had been set to…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/109805faac52454283bc57d8fa7006d3/south-african-court-rules-against-icc-withdrawal)
2. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2017/02/22/516620190/court-blocks-south-africas-withdrawal-from-international-criminal-court)

### Related:

1. [International Criminal Court investigation in Darfur: The High Court in Pretoria rules that the President of Sudan Omar Al-Bashir should be arrested in South Africa and detained pending a formal request from the International Criminal Court. However, immediately after the ruling, the South African Government announces that Al-Bashir has already departed. He is wanted in connection with the war in Darfur. ](/news/2015/06/15/international-criminal-court-investigation-in-darfur-the-high-court-in-pretoria-rules-that-the-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-should-be.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, North Gauteng High Court, South Africa_
2. [Russian President Vladimir Putin signs a symbolic order to withdraw Russia's signature from the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court (ICC) amid calls by pro-rebel western Non-governmental organisations for an investigation into alleged Russian war crimes in Syria. ](/news/2016/11/16/russian-president-vladimir-putin-signs-a-symbolic-order-to-withdraw-russia-s-signature-from-the-rome-statute-of-the-international-criminal-c.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Rome Statute_
3. [Gambia says it will join South Africa and Burundi in withdrawing from the International Criminal Court, accusing the court of ignoring "Western war crimes" like the Kunduz hospital airstrike. ](/news/2016/10/26/gambia-says-it-will-join-south-africa-and-burundi-in-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-accusing-the-court-of-ignoring-west.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, South Africa_
4. [South Africa formally begins the process of withdrawing from the International Criminal Court amid a dispute over the country's refusal to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir at last year's African Union summit in Johannesburg. ](/news/2016/10/21/south-africa-formally-begins-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-amid-a-dispute-over-the-country-s-refusal-to-a.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, South Africa_
5. [South Africa will notify the United Nations that the country is withdrawing from the International Criminal Court (ICC). This separation would take effect one year from when notice is formally received by the U.N. Secretary-General. Last week, Burundi's parliament voted to leave the ICC, but the required paperwork has not yet reached the U.N. ](/news/2016/10/20/south-africa-will-notify-the-united-nations-that-the-country-is-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-icc-this-separation-wou.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, South Africa_
6. [The South African Parliament debates a minority motion to impeach President Jacob Zuma following last week's Constitutional Court judgment that Zuma had violated the constitution in a spending scandal involving the president's private home. The African National Congress has a 249 - 151 majority, making this motion's chance of gaining a two-thirds majority unlikely. ](/news/2016/04/5/the-south-african-parliament-debates-a-minority-motion-to-impeach-president-jacob-zuma-following-last-week-s-constitutional-court-judgment-t.md) _Context: South Africa, unconstitutional_
7. [South Africa plans to leave the International Criminal Court (ICC) as the government faces criticism for, earlier this year, ignoring a court order to arrest Sudan's president. ](/news/2015/10/11/south-africa-plans-to-leave-the-international-criminal-court-icc-as-the-government-faces-criticism-for-earlier-this-year-ignoring-a-cour.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, South Africa_
8. [South Africa reviews its participation in the International Criminal Court following a failed attempt to arrest the President of Sudan, Omar al-Bashir, on South African soil. ](/news/2015/06/25/south-africa-reviews-its-participation-in-the-international-criminal-court-following-a-failed-attempt-to-arrest-the-president-of-sudan-omar.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, South Africa_
9. [International Criminal Court investigation in Darfur: The International Criminal Court asks South Africa to arrest the President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir for alleged war crimes when he arrives at the African Union summit. ](/news/2015/06/14/international-criminal-court-investigation-in-darfur-the-international-criminal-court-asks-south-africa-to-arrest-the-president-of-sudan-om.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, South Africa_
10. [The South Gauteng High Court sitting in Palm Ridge, Katlehong, finds former doubles tennis champion Bob Hewitt guilty of two counts of rape and one of sexual assault of three former students that he coached in South Africa. ](/news/2015/03/23/the-south-gauteng-high-court-sitting-in-palm-ridge-katlehong-finds-former-doubles-tennis-champion-bob-hewitt-guilty-of-two-counts-of-rape.md) _Context: North Gauteng High Court, South Africa_
