### [2016-07-5](/news/2016/07/5/index.md)

# Allied Democratic Forces insurgency: Suspected Allied Democratic Forces rebels hack nine people to death in the village of Oicha, Democratic Republic of the Congo. 

Suspected rebels hacked to death at least nine people in northeastern Democratic Republic of Congo on Tuesday, the army said, the latest in a string of massacres that have killed more than 500 civilians since October 2014.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-congo-violence-idUSKCN0ZL1IN)

### Related:

1. [Allied Democratic Forces insurgency: Assailants from the Allied Democratic Forces (ADF) armed with machetes hacked at least 16 civilians to death in the Eastern Democratic Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2016/05/4/allied-democratic-forces-insurgency-assailants-from-the-allied-democratic-forces-adf-armed-with-machetes-hacked-at-least-16-civilians-to.md) _Context: Allied Democratic Forces, Allied Democratic Forces insurgency, Democratic Republic of the Congo_
2. [Allied Democratic Forces insurgency: U. N. attack helicopters launch strikes against positions of Allied Democratic Forces. This comes a day after a series of clashes between rebels and soldiers in a town in eastern Congo killed at least 30 people. ](/news/2015/12/1/allied-democratic-forces-insurgency-u-n-attack-helicopters-launch-strikes-against-positions-of-allied-democratic-forces-this-comes-a-day.md) _Context: Allied Democratic Forces, Allied Democratic Forces insurgency_
3. [Allied Democratic Forces insurgency: Ugandan rebels from the Allied Democratic Forces and National Army for the Liberation of Uganda kill 36 people in the Democratic Republic of the Congo's North Kivu province. ](/news/2014/12/7/allied-democratic-forces-insurgency-ugandan-rebels-from-the-allied-democratic-forces-and-national-army-for-the-liberation-of-uganda-kill-36.md) _Context: Allied Democratic Forces insurgency, Democratic Republic of the Congo_
4. [2017 DR Congo mudslide: A landslide in a village along Lake Albert in the Democratic Republic of the Congo leaves at least 60 dead. ](/news/2017/08/16/2017-dr-congo-mudslide-a-landslide-in-a-village-along-lake-albert-in-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-leaves-at-least-60-dead.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo_
5. [Bundu dia Kongo followers free their leader and 50 other inmates with an attack on the Makala jail of Kinshasa, Democratic Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2017/05/17/bundu-dia-kongo-followers-free-their-leader-and-50-other-inmates-with-an-attack-on-the-makala-jail-of-kinshasa-democratic-republic-of-the-c.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo_
6. [Kamwina Nsapu rebellion: At least 17 new mass graves are discovered by United Nations investigators in Kasai-Central, Democratic Republic of the Congo, mostly around the town of Tshimbulu. ](/news/2017/04/19/kamwina-nsapu-rebellion-at-least-17-new-mass-graves-are-discovered-by-united-nations-investigators-in-kasaa-central-democratic-republic-o.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo_
7. [The Democratic Republic of the Congo suspends its military cooperation with Belgium. ](/news/2017/04/13/the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-suspends-its-military-cooperation-with-belgium.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo_
8. [Authorities find the remains of two missing U.N. investigators-former Swedish politician Zaida Catalan and U.S. national Michael Sharp-in a shallow grave in the province of Kasai-Central, Democratic Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2017/03/28/authorities-find-the-remains-of-two-missing-u-n-investigators-former-swedish-politician-zaida-catala-n-and-u-s-national-michael-sharp.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo_
9. [Former Congolese Vice President and warlord Jean-Pierre Bemba, sentenced last year by the International Criminal Court (ICC) to 18 years in prison for war crimes, is given an additional 12 months and fined 300,000 euros for bribing witnesses during an earlier ICC trial. The court also handed jail terms and fines for alleged interference in his trial to members of his legal team. ](/news/2017/03/22/former-congolese-vice-president-and-warlord-jean-pierre-bemba-sentenced-last-year-by-the-international-criminal-court-icc-to-18-years-in.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo_
10. [Two UN officials with MONUSCO-an American and a Swede-are among six people kidnapped near the village of Ngombe in the Democratic Republic of the Congo's Kasai-Central province. Congolese officials have not identified the kidnappers nor has any group claimed responsibility. ](/news/2017/03/13/two-un-officials-with-monusco-an-american-and-a-swede-are-among-six-people-kidnapped-near-the-village-of-ngombe-in-the-democratic-republ.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo_
