### [2016-07-5](/news/2016/07/5/index.md)

# Hillary Clinton email investigation: The FBI recommends, with numerous reservations about her actions, no charges be filed against Hillary Clinton over her emails. 

The FBI tells Hillary Clinton she will not face criminal charges over her use of private email, hours before her first campaign appearance with President Obama.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-36711711)
2. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/07/06/us/politics/hillary-clinton-fbi-email-comey.html?_r=0)

### Related:

1. [Hillary Clinton email controversy: Federal Bureau of Investigation chief James Comey tells the United States Congress that he has found no evidence of criminality by Hillary Clinton in relation to a new batch of emails. ](/news/2016/11/6/hillary-clinton-email-controversy-federal-bureau-of-investigation-chief-james-comey-tells-the-united-states-congress-that-he-has-found-no-e.md) _Context: FBI, Hillary Clinton, email server_
2. [Presidency of Donald Trump: Trump's aide Kellyanne Conway announces that the president-elect will not seek new charges against Hillary Clinton for possible crimes related to her email server. ](/news/2016/11/22/presidency-of-donald-trump-trump-s-aide-kellyanne-conway-announces-that-the-president-elect-will-not-seek-new-charges-against-hillary-clint.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
3. [Hillary Clinton email controversy: Loretta Lynch, the Attorney General of the United States, closes the investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a personal email system to conduct official business without charges being laid. ](/news/2016/07/6/hillary-clinton-email-controversy-loretta-lynch-the-attorney-general-of-the-united-states-closes-the-investigation-into-hillary-clinton-s.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
4. [The American Federal Bureau of Investigation is investigating claims that the Hillary Clinton campaign has been hacked as part of recent cyber-attacks on the Democrats. ](/news/2016/07/29/the-american-federal-bureau-of-investigation-is-investigating-claims-that-the-hillary-clinton-campaign-has-been-hacked-as-part-of-recent-cyb.md) _Context: FBI, Hillary Clinton_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016: Hillary Clinton email controversy: During a press conference, Republican nominee Donald Trump calls on Russia to find Hillary Clinton's 30,000 missing emails. ](/news/2016/07/27/united-states-presidential-election-2016-hillary-clinton-email-controversy-during-a-press-conference-republican-nominee-donald-trump-cal.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
6. [In the United States, Hillary Clinton is criticized by the State Department-s inspector general for her usage of a private email server while she was secretary of state. The finding also concluded though that former secretary of state Colin Powell also had a private email server, as did former ambassador to Kenya Scott Gration. The inspector referred to the email server usage as "longstanding systemic weaknesses". ](/news/2016/05/25/in-the-united-states-hillary-clinton-is-criticized-by-the-state-department-s-inspector-general-for-her-usage-of-a-private-email-server-wh.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
7. [Hillary Clinton email controversy: The Government of the United States rules that 22 emails on Hillary Clinton's home server contained closely guarded information rated as "Top Secret". ](/news/2016/01/29/hillary-clinton-email-controversy-the-government-of-the-united-states-rules-that-22-emails-on-hillary-clinton-s-home-server-contained-close.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
8. [Crime in Alaska: A woman is killed aboard the "Emerald Princess" cruise ship as it sails to a port of call in Juneau, Alaska, U.S. The passengers are detained while the FBI investigates. Authorities suspect the incident is related to domestic violence. ](/news/2017/07/26/crime-in-alaska-a-woman-is-killed-aboard-the-emerald-princess-cruise-ship-as-it-sails-to-a-port-of-call-in-juneau-alaska-u-s-the-passe.md) _Context: FBI_
9. [Links between Trump associates and Russian officials: Donald Trump Jr. discloses emails in which he and Rob Goldstone discuss gathering opposition research against Hillary Clinton through a June 2016 meeting with Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya. ](/news/2017/07/11/links-between-trump-associates-and-russian-officials-donald-trump-jr-discloses-emails-in-which-he-and-rob-goldstone-discuss-gathering-oppo.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
10. [Political appointments of Donald Trump: United States president Donald Trump announces lawyer Christopher A. Wray as his nominee to be director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/06/7/political-appointments-of-donald-trump-united-states-president-donald-trump-announces-lawyer-christopher-a-wray-as-his-nominee-to-be-direc.md) _Context: FBI_
