### [2016-07-5](/news/2016/07/5/index.md)

# Home Secretary Theresa May gets 165 votes after the first ballot of Conservative members of parliament to select a new Leader and the next Prime Minister. Her nearest rival, Minister of State for Energy Andrea Leadsom, picked up 66 votes. Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove won 48 votes, and Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb got 34 votes. Former Secretary of State for Defence Liam Fox is eliminated from consideration as he received just 16. Later, Crabb pulled out of the race and endorsed front-runner Theresa May. Fox also endorsed May. 

And then there were three - Theresa May heads the Tory leadership race, as Liam Fox and Stephen Crabb leave the contest.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/britain-eu-wrapup-idINKCN0ZL1EM)
2. [Reuters²](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-britain-eu-crabb-idUSKCN0ZL2GI)
3. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/story/1722116/may-wins-first-tory-vote-as-fox-and-crabb-out)

### Related:

1. [Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leader-of-the-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-d.md) _Context: Andrea Leadsom, Conservative Party, Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016, Home Secretary, Michael Gove, Prime Minister, Secretary of State for Justice, Theresa May_
2. [The process to elect a new leader of the Conservative Party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron begins in the United Kingdom. The Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb is the first Conservative Party politician to announce his official candidacy for leader. ](/news/2016/06/29/the-process-to-elect-a-new-leader-of-the-conservative-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-david-cameron-begins-in-the-united-kingdom-t.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016, Prime Minister, Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, Stephen Crabb_
3. [The new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Theresa May begins forming her ministry following the end of the Second Cameron ministry. The former Mayor of London Boris Johnson is appointed Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, Philip Hammond is appointed as Chancellor of the Exchequer, Amber Rudd is appointed Home Secretary filling Theresa May's former position, Liam Fox is appointed as Secretary of State for International Trade and David Davis is appointed as minister for the newly created Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/13/the-new-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-theresa-may-begins-forming-her-ministry-following-the-end-of-the-second-cameron-ministry-the-f.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Liam Fox, Prime Minister, Theresa May_
4. [Andrea Leadsom withdraws from the leadership election meaning that Theresa May will become the next leader of the Conservative Party and next Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. ](/news/2016/07/11/andrea-leadsom-withdraws-from-the-leadership-election-meaning-that-theresa-may-will-become-the-next-leader-of-the-conservative-party-and-nex.md) _Context: Andrea Leadsom, Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016, Prime Minister, Theresa May_
5. [Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-conservatives-battling-in-a-tight-race.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Prime Minister, Theresa May_
6. [Prime Minister Theresa May's closest advisers, Fiona Hill and Nick Timothy, resign as her Chiefs of Staff amid criticism over their role in the Conservative Party's election campaign. ](/news/2017/06/10/prime-minister-theresa-may-s-closest-advisers-fiona-hill-and-nick-timothy-resign-as-her-chiefs-of-staff-amid-criticism-over-their-role-in.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Prime Minister, Theresa May_
7. [British home secretary Theresa May enters into the Tory leadership contest, saying that Article 50 of the EU Treaty should not be invoked before the end of this year, implying that formal Brexit negotiations with the EU institutions be put on hold until 2017 at the earliest. ](/news/2016/06/30/british-home-secretary-theresa-may-enters-into-the-tory-leadership-contest-saying-that-article-50-of-the-eu-treaty-should-not-be-invoked-be.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016, Theresa May_
8. [ Secretary of State for Transport Geoff Hoon announces his resignation. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/politics/gordon-brown/5453348/Geoff-Hoon-resigns-as-pressure-mounts-on-Gordon-Brown.html ("Daily Telegraph")] Minister of State for Europe Caroline Flint announces her resignation. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/politics/8084501.stm (BBC)] Minister of State for Housing and Planning Margaret Beckett announces her resignation. [http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory?id=7762196 (ABC)] Minister of State for Employment and Welfare Reform Tony McNulty announces his resignation. [http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/Politics/Gordon-Browns-Reshuffle-Defence-Secretary-Quits-Andy-Burnham-Heads-To-Health/Article/200906115296531?lpos=Politics_First_UK_News_Article_Teaser_Region_1&lid=ARTICLE_15296531_Gordon_Browns_Reshuffle%3A_Defence_Secretary_Quits%2C_Andy_Burnham_Heads_To_Health (Sky News)] Bob Ainsworth replaces John Hutton as Secretary of State for Defence. [http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/politics/article6436610.ece ("Times")] Chief Secretary to the Treasury Yvette Cooper replaces James Purnell as Secretary of State for Work and Pensions. [http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2009/jun/05/yvette-cooper-profile ("Guardian")] Alan Sugar becomes "Enterprise Tsar" and receives a position in the House of Lords. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/politics/gordon-brown/5451354/Sir-Alan-Sugar-to-become-Enterprise-Tsar.html ("Daily Telegraph")] John Denham replaces Hazel Blears as Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government. [http://www.google.com/hostednews/ukpress/article/ALeqM5hjLbfpu2UBV6VxgNSl58quyI5Tow (PA via Google News)] Secretary of State for Health Alan Johnson replaces Jacqui Smith as Home Secretary. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/politics/8084501.stm (BBC)] av](/news/2009/06/5/secretary-of-state-for-transport-geoff-hoon-announces-his-resignation-http-www-telegraph-co-uk-news-newstopics-politics-gordon-brown-54.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Secretary of State for Defence, Secretary of State for Work and Pensions_
9. [Results of yesterday's snap election are counted, revealing a hung parliament as the Conservative Party fails to retain its parliamentary majority, despite remaining the party with the most seats. Prime Minister Theresa May announced that she will form a minority government with the support of the Northern Irish Democratic Unionist Party. ](/news/2017/06/9/results-of-yesterday-s-snap-election-are-counted-revealing-a-hung-parliament-as-the-conservative-party-fails-to-retain-its-parliamentary-ma.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Theresa May_
10. [Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn debates with Conservative leader Theresa May. ](/news/2017/05/29/labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-debates-with-conservative-leader-theresa-may.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Theresa May_
