### [2016-07-5](/news/2016/07/5/index.md)

# Home Secretary Theresa May gets 165 votes after the first ballot of Conservative members of parliament  to select a new Leader and the next Prime Minister.  Her nearest rival,  Minister of State for Energy Andrea Leadsom, picked up 66 votes.  Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove won 48 votes, and  Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb got 34 votes. Former Secretary of State for Defence Liam Fox is eliminated from consideration as he received just 16. Later, Crabb pulled out of the race  and endorsed front-runner Theresa May. Fox also endorsed May. 

And then there were three - Theresa May heads the Tory leadership race, as Liam Fox and Stephen Crabb leave the contest.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/britain-eu-wrapup-idINKCN0ZL1EM)
2. [Reuters²](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-britain-eu-crabb-idUSKCN0ZL2GI)
3. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/story/1722116/may-wins-first-tory-vote-as-fox-and-crabb-out)

### Related:

1. [Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leader-of-the-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-d.md) _Context: Andrea Leadsom, Conservative Party, Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016, Home Secretary, Michael Gove, Prime Minster, Secretary of State for Justice, Theresa May_
2. [The process to elect a new leader of the Conservative Party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron begins in the United Kingdom. The Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb is the first Conservative Party politician to announce his official candidacy for leader. ](/news/2016/06/29/the-process-to-elect-a-new-leader-of-the-conservative-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-david-cameron-begins-in-the-united-kingdom-t.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016, Prime Minster, Secretary of State for Work and Pensions, Stephen Crabb_
3. [Formation of the The new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Theresa May begins forming her ministry following the end of the Second Cameron ministry. The former Mayor of London Boris Johnson is appointed Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, Philip Hammond is appointed as Chancellor of the Exchequer, Amber Rudd is appointed Home Secretary filling Theresa May's former position, Liam Fox is appointed as Secretary of State for International Trade and David Davis is appointed as minister for the newly created Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/13/formation-of-the-the-new-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-theresa-may-begins-forming-her-ministry-following-the-end-of-the-second-camero.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Liam Fox, Prime Minster, Theresa May_
4. [Andrea Leadsom withdraws from the leadership election meaning that Theresa May will become the next leader of the Conservative Party and next Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. ](/news/2016/07/11/andrea-leadsom-withdraws-from-the-leadership-election-meaning-that-theresa-may-will-become-the-next-leader-of-the-conservative-party-and-nex.md) _Context: Andrea Leadsom, Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016, Prime Minster, Theresa May_
5. [ United Kingdom Prime Minister Gordon Brown shuffles the Cabinet: [http://www.rte.ie/news/2009/0605/ukpolitics.html (RTE)] Secretary of State for Transport Geoff Hoon announces his resignation. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/politics/gordon-brown/5453348/Geoff-Hoon-resigns-as-pressure-mounts-on-Gordon-Brown.html (''Daily Telegraph'')] Minister of State for Europe Caroline Flint announces her resignation. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/politics/8084501.stm (BBC)] Minister of State for Housing and Planning Margaret Beckett announces her resignation. [http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory?id=7762196 (ABC)] Minister of State for Employment and Welfare Reform Tony McNulty announces his resignation. [http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/Politics/Gordon-Browns-Reshuffle-Defence-Secretary-Quits-Andy-Burnham-Heads-To-Health/Article/200906115296531?lpos=Politics_First_UK_News_Article_Teaser_Region_1&lid=ARTICLE_15296531_Gordon_Browns_Reshuffle%3A_Defence_Secretary_Quits%2C_Andy_Burnham_Heads_To_Health (Sky News)] Bob Ainsworth replaces John Hutton as Secretary of State for Defence. [http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/politics/article6436610.ece (''Times'')] Chief Secretary to the Treasury Yvette Cooper replaces James Purnell as Secretary of State for Work and Pensions. [http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2009/jun/05/yvette-cooper-profile (''Guardian'')] Alan Sugar becomes "Enterprise Tsar" and receives a position in the House of Lords. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/politics/gordon-brown/5451354/Sir-Alan-Sugar-to-become-Enterprise-Tsar.html (''Daily Telegraph'')] John Denham replaces Hazel Blears as Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government. [http://www.google.com/hostednews/ukpress/article/ALeqM5hjLbfpu2UBV6VxgNSl58quyI5Tow (PA via Google News)] Secretary of State for Health Alan Johnson replaces Jacqui Smith as Home Secretary. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/politics/8084501.stm (BBC)] av](/news/2009/06/5/united-kingdom-prime-minister-gordon-brown-shuffles-the-cabinet-http-www-rte-ie-news-2009-0605-ukpolitics-html-rta-p-secretary-of-st.md) _Context: Home Secretary, Prime Minster, Secretary of State for Defence, Secretary of State for Work and Pensions_
6. [British home secretary Theresa May enters into the Tory leadership contest, saying that Article 50 of the EU Treaty should not be invoked before the end of this year, implying that formal Brexit negotiations with the EU institutions be put on hold until 2017 at the earliest. ](/news/2016/06/30/british-home-secretary-theresa-may-enters-into-the-tory-leadership-contest-saying-that-article-50-of-the-eu-treaty-should-not-be-invoked-be.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016, Theresa May_
7. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Theresa May_
8. [British Prime Minister Theresa May signs a letter invoking Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. Its notification to the European Council tomorrow will formally begin the UK's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2017/03/28/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-signs-a-letter-invoking-article-50-of-the-treaty-on-european-union-its-notification-to-the-european-coun.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Theresa May_
9. [British Prime Minister Theresa May announces that her government will trigger article 50, which begins the process of withdrawing from the European Union, on March 29. ](/news/2017/03/20/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-announces-that-her-government-will-trigger-article-50-which-begins-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-the-e.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Theresa May_
10. [UK Prime Minister Theresa May and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sign a PS100 million defense deal to build new fighter jets. Under the deal, BAE Systems will collaborate with Turkish companies to build the TAI TFX. ](/news/2017/01/28/uk-prime-minister-theresa-may-and-turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-sign-a-aps100-million-defense-deal-to-build-new-fighter-jets-under.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Theresa May_
