### [2016-07-5](/news/2016/07/5/index.md)

# Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban announces that the country will hold a referendum on October 2 where voters will get to choose whether or not to accept European Union-imposed quotas on the distribution of migrants. 

Hungary will hold a referendum on 2 October on whether to accept mandatory EU quotas for relocating migrants, President Janos Ader says.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-36711693)

### Related:

1. [The National Assembly rejects Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban's bill to block the settlement of refugees in Hungary. The far-right Jobbik party abstained from the vote, arguing the immigration ban should apply to all foreigners, and not just refugees. ](/news/2016/11/8/the-national-assembly-rejects-hungarian-prime-minister-viktor-orba-n-s-bill-to-block-the-settlement-of-refugees-in-hungary-the-far-right-jo.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Hungarian Prime Minister, Viktor Orban_
2. [Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban meets with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Moscow. Orban used the meeting to call for Russia's relations with the EU to "return to normal", saying "We all are interested in normalizing relationship between Russia and Europe" while Putin described Hungary as an "old and faithful partner". ](/news/2016/02/17/hungarian-prime-minister-viktor-orba-n-meets-with-russian-president-vladimir-putin-in-moscow-orba-n-used-the-meeting-to-call-for-russia-s-r.md) _Context: EU, Hungarian Prime Minister, Viktor Orban_
3. [Germany announces plans to start deporting newly-arrived migrants to Greece starting in March. According to EU's Dublin Regulation, asylum seekers must file for asylum in the member state they arrived in. ](/news/2017/01/12/germany-announces-plans-to-start-deporting-newly-arrived-migrants-to-greece-starting-in-march-according-to-eu-s-dublin-regulation-asylum-s.md) _Context: EU, European migrant crisis_
4. [Police in northern Greece move  more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-border-to-a-shelter-near-t.md) _Context: EU, European migrant crisis_
5. [The European Union proposes visa-free travel for Turkish citizens within Europe's Schengen Area and invites member states and EU lawmakers to endorse the move by June 30.  The EU says Turkey has met all but five of the 72 criteria included in the agreement in exchange for its efforts to stop asylum seekers from reaching Europe. This visa deal also needs approval from the European Parliament. ](/news/2016/05/4/the-european-union-proposes-visa-free-travel-for-turkish-citizens-within-europe-s-schengen-area-and-invites-member-states-and-eu-lawmakers-t.md) _Context: EU, European migrant crisis_
6. [The government of Hungary announces it will hold a referendum regarding future European Union quotas for resettling refugees. The vote is expected to be held either in September or October of this year where a turnout of over 50 percent will render it to be valid. ](/news/2016/05/3/the-government-of-hungary-announces-it-will-hold-a-referendum-regarding-future-european-union-quotas-for-resettling-refugees-the-vote-is-ex.md) _Context: EU, European migrant crisis_
7. [On Wednesday, the European Union will propose relaxing visa requirements for Turks as a reward for having reduced the flood of refugees and migrants into Europe. ](/news/2016/05/2/on-wednesday-the-european-union-will-propose-relaxing-visa-requirements-for-turks-as-a-reward-for-having-reduced-the-flood-of-refugees-and.md) _Context: EU, European migrant crisis_
8. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel,  European Council President Donald Tusk, and European Commission Vice-President Frans Timmermans meet with Syrian refugees at a camp in the southeastern Turkish town of Nizip prior to talks with a delegation led by Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. Davutoglu stresses the importance of implementation of European Union visa liberalization for Turkish citizens in assuring the success of Europe's  migrant readmission agreement with his country. Tusk announces that the EU will spend 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) this summer on projects to improve the lives of Syrian migrants. ](/news/2016/04/23/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-european-council-president-donald-tusk-and-european-commission-vice-president-frans-timmermans-meet-with.md) _Context: EU, European migrant crisis_
9. [The European Union and Turkey  agree on broad principles for a plan to ease the migration crisis which includes returning thousands of migrants to Turkey. For this, the EU will swiftly ease visa requirements for Turks and speed up Ankara's EU accession talks. A final agreement is to be ready for next week's two-day EU summit in Brussels, Belgium. ](/news/2016/03/8/the-european-union-and-turkey-agree-on-broad-principles-for-a-plan-to-ease-the-migration-crisis-which-includes-returning-thousands-of-migra.md) _Context: EU, European migrant crisis_
10. [Today's European Union summit with Turkish  Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu in Brussels, Belgium,  will discuss ways  to  stanch the flow of European-bound migrants. ](/news/2016/03/7/today-s-european-union-summit-with-turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-in-brussels-belgium-will-discuss-ways-to-stanch-the-flow-of.md) _Context: EU, European migrant crisis_
