### [2016-07-5](/news/2016/07/5/index.md)

# Protests occur in the city of Baton Rouge, Louisiana, U.S., after a man, Alton Sterling is fatally shot by a police officer. 

Two officers on administrative leave after man was shot ‘four to six times’ in chest and back after altercation with police outside convenience store


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/jul/06/protests-in-baton-rouge-after-louisiana-police-shoot-alton-sterling-dead)

### Related:

1. [Multiple tornadoes tear through New Orleans, Baton Rouge, and other parts of southeastern Louisiana, injuring at least 20 people; no deaths have been reported. The severe weather also delivers heavy rain and hail in Mississippi and Alabama. ](/news/2017/02/7/multiple-tornadoes-tear-through-new-orleans-baton-rouge-and-other-parts-of-southeastern-louisiana-injuring-at-least-20-people-no-deaths.md) _Context: Baton Rouge_
2. [Bahamian-United States relations. 2016 shooting of Dallas police officers. Following the death of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile and the shooting of white police officers in Dallas, Texas, The Bahamas issues a rare travel warning for its citizens traveling to the United States. ](/news/2016/07/9/bahamian-united-states-relations-2016-shooting-of-dallas-police-officers-following-the-death-of-alton-sterling-and-philando-castile-and.md) _Context: Shooting of Alton Sterling_
3. [2016 shooting of Baton Rouge police officers. At least three Baton Rouge Police Department officers are shot dead and several others are wounded by a gunman in Baton Rouge, Louisiana. ](/news/2016/07/17/2016-shooting-of-baton-rouge-police-officers-at-least-three-baton-rouge-police-department-officers-are-shot-dead-and-several-others-are-wou.md) _Context: Baton Rouge_
4. [Shooting of Alton Sterling and Shooting of Philando Castile. Protests continue in multiple cities across the United States following the death of two black men by police. Numerous confrontations and arrests have been reported. ](/news/2016/07/10/shooting-of-alton-sterling-and-shooting-of-philando-castile-protests-continue-in-multiple-cities-across-the-united-states-following-the-dea.md) _Context: Shooting of Alton Sterling_
5. [The Louisiana State University (LSU) main campus at Baton Rouge, Louisiana, is evacuated after a bomb threat. It is not clear at this time whether it is related to the two previous similar incidents the previous Friday at the University of Texas at Austin (UT) in Austin, Texas, and North Dakota State University (NDSU) in Fargo, North Dakota. ](/news/2012/09/17/the-louisiana-state-university-lsu-main-campus-at-baton-rouge-louisiana-is-evacuated-after-a-bomb-threat-it-is-not-clear-at-this-time-w.md) _Context: Baton Rouge_
6. [Floods in Mississippi worsen, with the Army Corps of Engineers saying an area between Simmesport, Louisiana and Baton Rouge may be inundated under 20-30 feet of water. [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-504943_162-20061179-10391715.html "(CBS News)"]](/news/2011/05/9/floods-in-mississippi-worsen-with-the-army-corps-of-engineers-saying-an-area-between-simmesport-louisiana-and-baton-rouge-may-be-inundated.md) _Context: Baton Rouge_
7. [Travel on the Mississippi River is closed for five miles near the US city of Baton Rouge, Louisiana due to flooding. ](/news/2011/05/20/travel-on-the-mississippi-river-is-closed-for-five-miles-near-the-us-city-of-baton-rouge-louisiana-due-to-flooding.md) _Context: Baton Rouge_
8. [Floods in North America:. The Morganza Spillway on the Mississippi River has been opened for the first time in 37 years, deliberately flooding 3,000 square miles of rural Louisiana to save most of Baton Rouge and New Orleans. ](/news/2011/05/15/floods-in-north-america-the-morganza-spillway-on-the-mississippi-river-has-been-opened-for-the-first-time-in-37-years-deliberately-floodi.md) _Context: Baton Rouge_
9. [Flooding in North America:. The Morganza Spillway on the Mississippi River is opened for the second time in its history, deliberately flooding 3,000|sqmi|km2 of rural Louisiana and placing a nuclear power plant at risk to save most of Baton Rouge and New Orleans. ](/news/2011/05/14/flooding-in-north-america-the-morganza-spillway-on-the-mississippi-river-is-opened-for-the-second-time-in-its-history-deliberately-floodi.md) _Context: Baton Rouge_
10. [2011 Mississippi River floods:. Mississippi River flooding worsens, with the Army Corps of Engineers saying an area between Simmesport, Louisiana and Baton Rouge will be submerged 20-30 feet, and 13% of US oil refinery output disrupted. ](/news/2011/05/10/2011-mississippi-river-floods-mississippi-river-flooding-worsens-with-the-army-corps-of-engineers-saying-an-area-between-simmesport-loui.md) _Context: Baton Rouge_
