### [2016-07-5](/news/2016/07/5/index.md)

# Terrorism in Indonesia: A suicide bomber attacks a police station in Solo, Indonesia, killing himself and injuring a police officer. Solo is the birthplace of President Joko Widodo. 

An Indonesian suicide bomber believed to be a supporter of the Islamic State militant group attacked a police station in the city of Solo on Tuesday, killing himself and wounding a police officer, security officials said.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-indonesia-security-idUSKCN0ZL039?il=0)
2. [Time](http://time.com/4392782/indonesia-suicide-bomber-solo-surakarta-terrorism/)

### Related:

1. [An Indonesian court rejects Andrew Chan's and Myuran Sukumaran's appeal against the President of Indonesia Joko Widodo's refusal to grant them clemency against the death penalty as organisers of the Bali Nine plot to smuggle heroin to Australia in 2005. ](/news/2015/04/6/an-indonesian-court-rejects-andrew-chan-s-and-myuran-sukumaran-s-appeal-against-the-president-of-indonesia-joko-widodo-s-refusal-to-grant-th.md) _Context: Indonesia, Joko Widodo, President of Indonesia_
2. [Philippine Drug War: In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/philippine-drug-war-in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces.md) _Context: Indonesia, Joko Widodo_
3. [Joko Widodo, the President of Indonesia, cancels a planned visit to Australia following violent protests in Jakarta that resulted in one death and 12 injured. ](/news/2016/11/5/joko-widodo-the-president-of-indonesia-cancels-a-planned-visit-to-australia-following-violent-protests-in-jakarta-that-resulted-in-one-dea.md) _Context: Joko Widodo, President of Indonesia_
4. [Indonesia-Philippines relations: In last week's meeting between Indonesian president Joko Widodo and Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte, Widodo today says that Duterte allegedly said that he '(would) not interfere' in the execution of accused drug smuggler and Philippine national Mary Jane Veloso. However, today a "Manila Bulletin" article says that Manny Pinol, the Philippines Agriculture Secretary, states that Duterte actually asked for clemency for Veloso. ](/news/2016/09/12/indonesia-philippines-relations-in-last-week-s-meeting-between-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-and-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte.md) _Context: Indonesia, Joko Widodo_
5. [Indonesian President Joko Widodo issues an executive order (Perppu) making child sexual abuse punishable by chemical castration and extends the maximum penalty to death. ](/news/2016/05/26/indonesian-president-joko-widodo-issues-an-executive-order-perppu-making-child-sexual-abuse-punishable-by-chemical-castration-and-extends.md) _Context: Joko Widodo, President of Indonesia_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Indonesian President Joko -Jokowi- Widodo calls on Muslim leaders at the Organisation of Islamic Cooperation (OIC) summit meeting in Jakarta to unite and be part of the solution on Palestine, noting the entire world is concerned about its deteriorating situation. Jokowi also criticizes what he calls Israel's "unilateral and illegal policies." ](/news/2016/03/7/israeli-palestinian-conflict-indonesian-president-joko-jokowi-widodo-calls-on-muslim-leaders-at-the-organisation-of-islamic-coopera.md) _Context: Joko Widodo, President of Indonesia_
7. [ASEAN Summit: United States President Barack Obama hosts a two-day summit in Rancho Mirage, California with leaders of the ASEAN member states, including democratically-elected Benigno Aquino III of the Philippines and Joko Widodo of Indonesia as well as autocratic rulers such as Hun Sen of Cambodia and Najib Razak of Malaysia. ](/news/2016/02/15/asean-summit-united-states-president-barack-obama-hosts-a-two-day-summit-in-rancho-mirage-california-with-leaders-of-the-asean-member-stat.md) _Context: Indonesia, Joko Widodo_
8. [2015 Southeast Asian haze: The President of Indonesia Joko Widodo announces that he will seek help from other nations in putting out illegally lit forest fires that have caused the haze. ](/news/2015/10/8/2015-southeast-asian-haze-the-president-of-indonesia-joko-widodo-announces-that-he-will-seek-help-from-other-nations-in-putting-out-illegal.md) _Context: Joko Widodo, President of Indonesia_
9. [The President of Indonesia Joko Widodo calls for calm in the province of Aceh after a person was killed and a church burned down yesterday. ](/news/2015/10/14/the-president-of-indonesia-joko-widodo-calls-for-calm-in-the-province-of-aceh-after-a-person-was-killed-and-a-church-burned-down-yesterday.md) _Context: Joko Widodo, President of Indonesia_
10. [Philippines President Benigno Aquino III asks Indonesian President Joko Widodo to spare the life of Mary Jane Veloso, a migrant domestic worker sentenced to death for drug trafficking. ](/news/2015/04/27/philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii-asks-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-to-spare-the-life-of-mary-jane-veloso-a-migrant-domestic-wor.md) _Context: Indonesia, Joko Widodo_
