### [2011-05-30](/news/2011/05/30/index.md)

# Documents discovered in a Russian archive suggest that Adolf Hitler ordered Rudolf Hess to go to the United Kingdom to negotiate with Winston Churchill over a World War II peace deal in 1941. 




### Source:

1. [The Scotsman](http://www.scotsman.com/news/Hitler-ordered-Hess-to-Scotland.6776570.jp)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/syrian-civil-war-russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-u.md) _Context: Britain, Russia_
2. [ British cosmologist Stephen Hawking and Russian venture capitalist and physicist Yuri Milner announce " Breaktrough Starshot," a $100 million effort to plan a trip to the sun's closest stellar neighbor, Alpha Centauri, via developing nanotechnology that would put the craft within the star system roughly 20 years after leaving Earth. ](/news/2016/04/12/british-cosmologist-stephen-hawking-and-russian-venture-capitalist-and-physicist-yuri-milner-announce-breaktrough-starshot-a-100-milli.md) _Context: Britain, Russia_
3. [Japan-Russia relations. NATO-Russia relations. Russia announces it will deploy state-of-the art missile defense systems to the far eastern Kuril Islands where they and Japan have rival territorial claims dating to the end of the Second World War. Russian Defence Minister Sergey Shoygu also says that Russia will form new defence units in the country's Western Military District in response to NATO's recent deployment of forces to member states near its border. ](/news/2016/03/25/japan-russia-relations-nato-russia-relations-russia-announces-it-will-deploy-state-of-the-art-missile-defense-systems-to-the-far-easte.md) _Context: Russia, World War II_
4. [The Institute of Contemporary History in Munich announces a publication of a two-volume set of Adolf Hitler-s "Mein Kampf". The new edition, which contains 3,500 scholarly annotations, is intended, "The New York Times" reports, -To set the work in historical context, to show how Hitler wove truth with half-truth and outright lie, and thus to defang any propagandistic effect while revealing Nazism.- This is the first printing in Germany since the end of World War II. ](/news/2015/12/2/the-institute-of-contemporary-history-in-munich-announces-a-publication-of-a-two-volume-set-of-adolf-hitler-s-mein-kampf-the-new-editio.md) _Context: Adolf Hitler, World War II_
5. [Vienna Conference on Syria. Syrian Civil War. Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/vienna-conference-on-syria-syrian-civil-war-iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-represen.md) _Context: Britain, Russia_
6. [Kuril Islands dispute. Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu announces Russia plans to build a new military base on the Kuril Islands, a group of Pacific islands it seized from Japan at the end of World War II. ](/news/2015/10/22/kuril-islands-dispute-russian-defence-minister-sergei-shoigu-announces-russia-plans-to-build-a-new-military-base-on-the-kuril-islands-a-gr.md) _Context: Russia, World War II_
7. [Surrounding areas of Wembley Stadium, London, UK have been evacuated following the discovery by construction crews of a still-live World War II-era 50-kg (110-llb) conventional-explosive bomb, a remnant of the Blitz. ](/news/2015/05/22/surrounding-areas-of-wembley-stadium-london-uk-have-been-evacuated-following-the-discovery-by-construction-crews-of-a-still-live-world-war.md) _Context: Britain, World War II_
8. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: Britain, Russia_
9. [War in Donbass. The United States and United Kingdom discuss imposing additional sanctions on Russia over the breach of the ceasefire. ](/news/2015/02/21/war-in-donbass-the-united-states-and-united-kingdom-discuss-imposing-additional-sanctions-on-russia-over-the-breach-of-the-ceasefire.md) _Context: Britain, Russia_
10. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:. Graham Phillips, a British national and reporter for the Russian TV network RT, is detained in Mariupol by the SBU. ](/news/2014/05/21/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-graham-phillips-a-british-national-and-reporter-for-the-russian-tv-network-rt-is-detained-in-mariupol.md) _Context: Britain, Russia_
