### [2011-05-30](/news/2011/05/30/index.md)

# The Associated Press claims that an unreleased U.S. Agency for International Development report claims that the death toll from the 2010 Haiti earthquake was much less than claimed by the Government of Haiti. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/us-govt-report-says-far-fewer-people-died-in-haiti-quake-than-originally-estimated/2011/05/30/AG3JprEH_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Aftermath of the 2010 Haiti earthquake:: The Haitian government declares earthquake rescue operations over. ](/news/2010/01/23/aftermath-of-the-2010-haiti-earthquake-the-haitian-government-declares-earthquake-rescue-operations-over.md) _Context: 2010 Haiti earthquake, Government of Haiti_
2. [Presidency of Donald Trump: The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents- Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House-s actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/presidency-of-donald-trump-the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-h.md) _Context: Associated Press_
3. [2016 Oakland warehouse fire: Authorities report the death toll has risen to 36. Alameda County Sheriff Gregory Ahern told the Associated Press they don't believe additional bodies will be found in the debris. ](/news/2016/12/5/2016-oakland-warehouse-fire-authorities-report-the-death-toll-has-risen-to-36-alameda-county-sheriff-gregory-ahern-told-the-associated-pre.md) _Context: Associated Press_
4. [Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016: The Associated Press reports that Hillary Clinton has the support of enough delegates to secure the Democratic Party nomination. Since delegates do not vote until the convention though, she is the presumptive nominee of the party. ](/news/2016/06/6/democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-the-associated-press-reports-that-hillary-clinton-has-the-support-of-enough-delegates-to-secu.md) _Context: Associated Press_
5. [A 22-year-old Dutch woman held in Qatar for nearly three months after telling police she had been raped is released following the court ruling of a one-year suspended prison sentence. The Associated Press reports it isn't clear "[...] what sentence was given to the man she accused of rape." ](/news/2016/06/13/a-22-year-old-dutch-woman-held-in-qatar-for-nearly-three-months-after-telling-police-she-had-been-raped-is-released-following-the-court-ruli.md) _Context: Associated Press_
6. [United States presidential election, 2016: The Associated Press reports that Donald Trump has secured enough delegates to secure the Republican Party nomination for President. ](/news/2016/05/26/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-associated-press-reports-that-donald-trump-has-secured-enough-delegates-to-secure-the-republi.md) _Context: Associated Press_
7. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic: Health officials are concerned about the spread of the Zika virus in Haiti, which suffered the worst epidemic of cholera in recent history following the deadly 2010 Haiti earthquake. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports there are 2,214 suspected cases as of April 23. But new research indicates the virus has been present since 2014. The actual infection rate remains unknown since the poor, densely populated nation lacks routine data systems that can track and document disease outbreaks. ](/news/2016/05/23/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-health-officials-are-concerned-about-the-spread-of-the-zika-virus-in-haiti-which-suffered-the-worst-epidemic.md) _Context: 2010 Haiti earthquake_
8. [The Associated Press reports a government-sponsored committee of 27 companies/trade associations, set up by the U.S. FAA in February, on Friday submitted recommendations that could clear the way for commercial drone flights over populated areas, and help speed the introduction of package delivery drones. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-associated-press-reports-a-government-sponsored-committee-of-27-companies-trade-associations-set-up-by-the-u-s-faa-in-february-on-fri.md) _Context: Associated Press_
9. [Nagorno-Karabakh conflict: 2016 Armenian-Azerbaijani clashes: Azerbaijan calls a unilateral ceasefire in its fight with ethnic Armenians one day after 30 soldiers died. The Associated Press reports rebel forces reject Azerbaijan's claims, saying they see no sign the government has stopped fighting. ](/news/2016/04/3/nagorno-karabakh-conflict-2016-armenian-azerbaijani-clashes-azerbaijan-calls-a-unilateral-ceasefire-in-its-fight-with-ethnic-armenians-o.md) _Context: Associated Press_
10. [While South Korea prepares for the 2018 Winter Olympics, the Associated Press reports the country has covered up widespread human rights violations, including rapes and murders, when it swept so-called vagrants off the streets in the years prior to the 1988 Games in Seoul. Thousands of victims have received no compensation, nor public recognition nor an apology. The AP says two early attempts to investigate were suppressed by senior officials and the current government refuses to revisit the case and is blocking a push by an opposition lawmaker. ](/news/2016/04/19/while-south-korea-prepares-for-the-2018-winter-olympics-the-associated-press-reports-the-country-has-covered-up-widespread-human-rights-vio.md) _Context: Associated Press_
