### [2012-05-9](/news/2012/05/9/index.md)

# Mexican Drug War:. 15 mutilated bodies are found inside two abandoned SUVs in the state of Jalisco, a region that is under dispute between Los Zetas and the Sinaloa Cartel. The Mexican authorities believe the massacre is a response by Los Zetas for the 2012 Nuevo Laredo massacres reportedly carried out by Joaquin Guzman Loera (a.k.a. "El Chapo"), Mexico's most-wanted drug lord. 

Police in western Mexico try to identify the remains of 18 people found dismembered and dumped in two cars in Jalisco state.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-latin-america-18014646)
2. [Houston Chronicle](http://blog.chron.com/narcoconfidential/2012/05/10-butchered-bodies-recovered-near-u-s-retiree-communities-on-lake-chapala/)

### Related:

1. [Mexican Drug War: A car bomb explodes outside the city hall in the Mexican border city of Nuevo Laredo, injuring 7 bystanders. This is the third car bomb in Nuevo Laredo this year, and much of the violence is blamed on the country's most powerful cartels: Los Zetas and the Sinaloa Cartel. ](/news/2012/06/29/mexican-drug-war-a-car-bomb-explodes-outside-the-city-hall-in-the-mexican-border-city-of-nuevo-laredo-injuring-7-bystanders-this-is-the-t.md) _Context: Los Zetas, Mexican Drug War, Sinaloa Cartel, much of the violence_
2. [Mexican Drug War:. Four suspected drug traffickers of the Sinaloa Cartel, including the cousin of Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman, Mexico's most-wanted drug lord, are captured in Spain. ](/news/2012/08/10/mexican-drug-war-four-suspected-drug-traffickers-of-the-sinaloa-cartel-including-the-cousin-of-joaquan-el-chapo-guzma-n-mexico-s-most.md) _Context: Joaquin Guzman Loera, Mexican Drug War, Sinaloa Cartel_
3. [Mexican Drug War: The dismembered remains of 7 bodies are found in the Mexican state of Sinaloa. The bodies are discovered along with a written message accusing the authorities of cooperating with the Sinaloa Cartel, suggesting that the message may have been written by Los Zetas. ](/news/2012/06/5/mexican-drug-war-the-dismembered-remains-of-7-bodies-are-found-in-the-mexican-state-of-sinaloa-the-bodies-are-discovered-along-with-a-writ.md) _Context: Los Zetas, Mexican Drug War, Sinaloa Cartel_
4. [War on Drugs:. Mexican Drug War: Mexican marines detain Jesus Alfredo Guzman Salazar, the son of Joaquin Guzman Loera (alias "El Chapo"), Mexico's most-wanted drug lord in the western state of Jalisco. ](/news/2012/06/21/war-on-drugs-mexican-drug-war-mexican-marines-detain-jesaos-alfredo-guzma-n-salazar-the-son-of-joaquan-guzma-n-loera-alias-el-chapo.md) _Context: Jalisco, Joaquin Guzman Loera, Mexican Drug War_
5. [Mexican Drug War. Three Mexican Army soldiers die as gunfire downs a helicopter in the state of Jalisco. Ten soldiers and two Federal Police officers are injured. ](/news/2015/05/1/mexican-drug-war-three-mexican-army-soldiers-die-as-gunfire-downs-a-helicopter-in-the-state-of-jalisco-ten-soldiers-and-two-federal-police.md) _Context: Jalisco, Mexican Drug War_
6. [Mexican Drug War:. Galindo Mellado Cruz, one of the founding members of the Mexican drug cartel Los Zetas, and four other armed men are killed in a shootout with Mexican security forces after they raided Cruz's hideout in the city of Reynosa. ](/news/2014/05/12/mexican-drug-war-galindo-mellado-cruz-one-of-the-founding-members-of-the-mexican-drug-cartel-los-zetas-and-four-other-armed-men-are-kill.md) _Context: Los Zetas, Mexican Drug War_
7. [Mexican Drug War:. High-ranking Sinaloa Cartel leader Gonzalo Inzunza Inzunza is killed in a shootout with the Mexican Navy in Puerto Peasco, Sonora. [http://www.debate.com.mx/eldebate/noticias/default.asp?IdArt=13860743&IdCat=17402&sl=2 "(El Debate)"]](/news/2013/12/18/mexican-drug-war-high-ranking-sinaloa-cartel-leader-gonzalo-inzunza-inzunza-is-killed-in-a-shootout-with-the-mexican-navy-in-puerto-penasc.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Sinaloa Cartel_
8. [The United States Department of the Treasury issues sanctions to three Mexican nationals linked to the Sinaloa Cartel for laundering money for the drug lords Ismael Zambada Garcia and Joaquin Guzman Loera. The Kingpin Act sanctions prohibit Americans to do any kind of business with them. ](/news/2013/07/30/the-united-states-department-of-the-treasury-issues-sanctions-to-three-mexican-nationals-linked-to-the-sinaloa-cartel-for-laundering-money-f.md) _Context: Joaquin Guzman Loera, Sinaloa Cartel_
9. [Mexican Drug War. The Mexican Army captures Miguel Trevio Morales, the supreme leader of Los Zetas drug cartel. ](/news/2013/07/15/mexican-drug-war-the-mexican-army-captures-miguel-trevino-morales-the-supreme-leader-of-los-zetas-drug-cartel.md) _Context: Los Zetas, Mexican Drug War_
10. [Mexican Drug War: The Mexican Navy confirms that Heriberto Lazcano Lazcano, the top leader of the criminal organization Los Zetas, was killed in a shootout yesterday. The body is stolen by armed gunmen. ](/news/2012/10/9/mexican-drug-war-the-mexican-navy-confirms-that-heriberto-lazcano-lazcano-the-top-leader-of-the-criminal-organization-los-zetas-was-kille.md) _Context: Los Zetas, Mexican Drug War_
