### [2012-05-9](/news/2012/05/9/index.md)

# Two Palestinian prisoners held in Israel enter the 71st day of their hunger strikes. United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon expressed his concern about the condition of the hunger strikers. 




### Source:

1. [UN News Centre](http://www.un.org/apps/news/story.asp?NewsID=41959&Cr=palestin&Cr1=)
2. [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2140108/1-600-Palestinians-hunger-strike-world-doesn-t-bat-eyelid-Compelling-eye-witness-dispatch-Israeli-internment-jails--threatening-new-Arab-Spring.html)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-moon criticises Israel's refusal to cease illegal settlement building on Palestinian land, telling a UN General Assembly gathering that he is "very concerned at the lack of progress towards peace" and that the recent demolition of East Jerusalem's historic Shepherd Hotel and evictions of Palestinian families had "heightened tensions." He later meets survivors of the Auschwitz-Birkenau concentration camp. ](/news/2011/01/21/israeliapalestinian-conflict-punited-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-criticises-israel-s-refusal-to-cease-illegal-settlement-buildin.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Israel, United Nations_
2. [Israel's ambassador to the United Nations Gabriela Shalev writes a letter to Ban Ki-moon stating that Israel would use force against a Bolivian-flagged all-female aid ship intending to land near Gaza. ](/news/2010/08/21/israel-s-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-gabriela-shalev-writes-a-letter-to-ban-ki-moon-stating-that-israel-would-use-force-against-a-boliv.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Israel, United Nations_
3. [Sri Lankan lawmaker Wimal Weerawansa ends his hunger strike against United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon's decision to send a human rights panel to investigate war crimes to the country. ](/news/2010/07/10/sri-lankan-lawmaker-wimal-weerawansa-ends-his-hunger-strike-against-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-s-decision-to-send-a-human.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, United Nations, hunger strike_
4. [Israel rejects United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon's proposal to create an international committee of inquiry into the raid on Gaza flotilla raid; committee members would include representatives from the United States, Turkey and Israel. ](/news/2010/06/6/israel-rejects-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-s-proposal-to-create-an-international-committee-of-inquiry-into-the-raid-on-gaza.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Israel, United Nations_
5. [Israel grants permission to United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and European Union High Representative Catherine Ashton to visit Gaza after denying permission to other international politicians. ](/news/2010/03/9/israel-grants-permission-to-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-and-european-union-high-representative-catherine-ashton-to-visit-ga.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Israel, United Nations_
6. [Middle East:Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon enters Gaza with the message "we (the United Nations) stand with you (Palestine)", criticises Israel's actions and speaks of his distress at the "unacceptable, unsustainable conditions" endured by Palestinians and the lack of reconstruction of damaged buildings. ](/news/2010/03/21/middle-east-psecretary-general-of-the-united-nations-ban-ki-moon-enters-gaza-with-the-message-we-the-united-nations-stand-with-you-pales.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Israel, United Nations_
7. [ United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon announces an investigation into Israel's attack on the U.N.'s Gaza Strip headquarters. ](/news/2009/01/30/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-announces-an-investigation-into-israel-s-attack-on-the-u-n-s-gaza-strip-headquarters.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Israel, United Nations_
8. [Hundreds of Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails -- activists say up to 1,500 are participating -- begin an open-ended hunger strike to protest poor conditions and the Israeli policy of detention without trial. ](/news/2017/04/17/hundreds-of-palestinian-prisoners-in-israeli-jails-a-activists-say-up-to-1-500-are-participating-a-begin-an-open-ended-hunger-strike-to.md) _Context: Israel, hunger strike_
9. [Israel announces it will withhold $6 million from its annual United Nations dues in protest of the December 23, 2016, Security Council settlement resolution. ](/news/2017/01/7/israel-announces-it-will-withhold-6-million-from-its-annual-united-nations-dues-in-protest-of-the-december-23-2016-security-council-settl.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations_
10. [United Nations secretary-general Ban Ki-moon and liberal candidate Moon Jae-in plan to contest the position vacated by Park Geun-hye. ](/news/2016/12/22/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-and-liberal-candidate-moon-jae-in-plan-to-contest-the-position-vacated-by-park-geun-hye.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, United Nations_
