### [2013-10-21](/news/2013/10/21/index.md)

# Laurent Fabius, the Foreign Minister of France, summons the United States ambassador over allegations of US spying on millions of French phone calls reported in ''Le Monde''. 

France summons the US ambassador over claims in Le Monde newspaper that the US routinely spied on millions of phone calls in France.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-24607880)
2. [France 24](http://www.france24.com/en/breaking/20131021-france-summons-us-ambassador-immediate-talks-spying-claims?ns_campaign=al_en&ns_mchannel=email_marketing&ns_source=AL_20131021_1042&ns_linkname=20131021_breaking_news&ns_fee=0&f24_member_id=1080960490882)

### Related:

1. [French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius announces that France intends to vote in favor of upgrading Palestine's status at the United Nations from permanent observer as the Palestinian Liberation Organization to a non-member observer state.  The vote is scheduled to be held later this week. ](/news/2012/11/27/french-foreign-minister-laurent-fabius-announces-that-france-intends-to-vote-in-favor-of-upgrading-palestine-s-status-at-the-united-nations.md) _Context: Foreign Minister of France, Laurent Fabius_
2. [The summit announces it is unable to gain agreement on climate change between the United States and the other 19 members of this international forum. ](/news/2017/07/8/the-summit-announces-it-is-unable-to-gain-agreement-on-climate-change-between-the-united-states-and-the-other-19-members-of-this-internation.md) _Context: United States_
3. [The United States extends the restrictions deadline for refugees. ](/news/2017/07/5/the-united-states-extends-the-restrictions-deadline-for-refugees.md) _Context: United States_
4. [Russian President Vladimir Putin expels 755 United States Diplomats in response to new sanctions imposed by the United States. ](/news/2017/07/30/russian-president-vladimir-putin-expels-755-united-states-diplomats-in-response-to-new-sanctions-imposed-by-the-united-states.md) _Context: United States_
5. [North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States.  ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-that-flies-620-miles-horizontally-in-about-45-minutes-landing-in-the-sea-of-japa.md) _Context: United States_
6. [History of the Philippines (1898-1946), During the annual State of the Nation Address through the Congress of the Philippines, President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte has outright demanded that the United States return the controversial Balangiga bells, taken during one of the campaigns of the Philippine-American War as spoils of war. Previous attempts to recover the bells have all failed so far. ](/news/2017/07/24/history-of-the-philippines-1898a1946-during-the-annual-state-of-the-nation-address-through-the-congress-of-the-philippines-president-o.md) _Context: United States_
7. [Nine men are found dead inside a tractor-trailer parked outside a Walmart store in the American city of San Antonio, Texas, in what authorities call a case of "ruthless" human trafficking. Thirty people,  many in critical condition and suffering from heat stroke and exhaustion, were removed from the non-air conditioned trailer which also lacked a water supply. ](/news/2017/07/23/nine-men-are-found-dead-inside-a-tractor-trailer-parked-outside-a-walmart-store-in-the-american-city-of-san-antonio-texas-in-what-authorit.md) _Context: United States_
8. [Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C.  A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in-the-first-global-robotics-co.md) _Context: United States_
9. [A hearing in the U.S. Senate is held about alleged human rights violations in the Philippines's war against illegal drugs. ](/news/2017/07/20/a-hearing-in-the-u-s-senate-is-held-about-alleged-human-rights-violations-in-the-philippines-s-war-against-illegal-drugs.md) _Context: United States_
10. [At least three people are killed and two hospitalized, one in serious condition, from a fire in a  condominium tower in the U.S. city of Honolulu, Hawaii. An unknown number of residents are reportedly still trapped in their apartments. ](/news/2017/07/14/at-least-three-people-are-killed-and-two-hospitalized-one-in-serious-condition-from-a-fire-in-a-condominium-tower-in-the-u-s-city-of-hon.md) _Context: United States_
