### [2012-07-8](/news/2012/07/8/index.md)

# Tens of thousands of people demonstrate in Mexico City over alleged vote buying in the country's presidential election, which saw Enrique Pena Nieto elected. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2012/jul/08/mexicans-protest-pena-nieto-election?newsfeed=true)

### Related:

1. [Luis Videgaray Caso resigns as Mexico's finance minister amid fallout over President Enrique Pena Nieto's controversial meeting with U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump in Mexico City. Videgaray is revealed to have been the main advocate of arranging the meeting. ](/news/2016/09/7/luis-videgaray-caso-resigns-as-mexico-s-finance-minister-amid-fallout-over-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-s-controversial-meeting-with-u-s-p.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto, Mexico City_
2. [U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump meets with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto in Mexico City after accepting an invitation from him. ](/news/2016/08/31/u-s-republican-presidential-nominee-donald-trump-meets-with-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-in-mexico-city-after-accepting-an-invitat.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto, Mexico City_
3. [After a partial vote recount, Enrique Pena Nieto is confirmed as the winner of the 2012 Mexican presidential election ](/news/2012/07/6/after-a-partial-vote-recount-enrique-pea-a-nieto-is-confirmed-as-the-winner-of-the-2012-mexican-presidential-election.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto, Mexican presidential elections_
4. [In Mexico, the PRD candidate, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, accuses the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) of using illicit funds and laundering money to finance the campaign of Enrique Pena Nieto, the president-elect in the recent presidential elections. The PRI denies the claims and retorts that Lopez Obrador is acting out of desperation and irrationality. ](/news/2012/07/18/in-mexico-the-prd-candidate-andra-c-s-manuel-la3pez-obrador-accuses-the-institutional-revolutionary-party-pri-of-using-illicit-funds-and.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto, Mexican presidential elections_
5. [Mexico's presidential runner-up and PRD candidate, Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador, files a lawsuit against Enrique Pena Nieto for alleged vote-buyings, biased media coverage, and manipulated opinion polls in the recent Mexican elections. ](/news/2012/07/13/mexico-s-presidential-runner-up-and-prd-candidate-andra-c-s-manuel-la3pez-obrador-files-a-lawsuit-against-enrique-pea-a-nieto-for-alleged-vo.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto, Mexican presidential elections_
6. [A Mexico City borough president says previous officials ignored warnings that unauthorized construction work had damaged the structural integrity of several buildings in the city. The overall death toll from the magnitude 7.1 quake which hit Sept. 19 now stands at at least 358 people. ](/news/2017/09/29/a-mexico-city-borough-president-says-previous-officials-ignored-warnings-that-unauthorized-construction-work-had-damaged-the-structural-inte.md) _Context: Mexico City_
7. [A magnitude 7.1 earthquake strikes Mexico, killing at least 220 people and collapsing several buildings in Mexico City and widespread evacuations, hours after a yearly earthquake drill in commemoration of the 1985 Mexico City earthquake. ](/news/2017/09/19/a-magnitude-7-1-earthquake-strikes-mexico-killing-at-least-220-people-and-collapsing-several-buildings-in-mexico-city-and-widespread-evacua.md) _Context: Mexico City_
8. [Socorro Flores Liera, Mexico's deputy foreign minister for Latin America and the Caribbean, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Mexico City, that during the first half of 2017, 1,420 Venezuelans have sought asylum in Mexico, a nearly four-fold jump compared to the 361 total Venezuelan asylum applicants for all of 2016, as the result of Venezuela's deepening political and economic crisis. ](/news/2017/08/4/socorro-flores-liera-mexico-s-deputy-foreign-minister-for-latin-america-and-the-caribbean-speaks-during-an-interview-with-reuters-in-mexic.md) _Context: Mexico City_
9. [Two transcripts of telephone conversations between U.S. President Donald Trump and foreign leaders are leaked. Trump was shown to disagree with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto on 27 January over the proposed border wall, and with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull the next day over the resettlement deal of refugees in Nauru and Manus. ](/news/2017/08/3/two-transcripts-of-telephone-conversations-between-u-s-president-donald-trump-and-foreign-leaders-are-leaked-trump-was-shown-to-disagree-w.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto_
10. [American actor Leonardo DiCaprio and Mexican president Enrique Pena Nieto meet to discuss the protection of the Vaquita porpoise. ](/news/2017/06/8/american-actor-leonardo-dicaprio-and-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-meet-to-discuss-the-protection-of-the-vaquita-porpoise.md) _Context: Enrique Pena Nieto_
