### [2016-03-24](/news/2016/03/24/index.md)

# Current President of the Republic of the Congo Denis Sassou Nguesso is reelected with 60 percent of the vote amid tight security and a communications blackout. Opposition leaders say that they will not accept the outcome. 

Final poll results released amid tight security and a communications blackout, extending leader&#39;s 32-year rule.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/03/congo-president-denis-sassou-nguesso-wins-election-160324040212900.html)

### Related:

1. [Voters in the Republic of the Congo go to the polls with current President Denis Sassou Nguesso expected to extend his 32-year rule. Telephone, internet and SMS services have been shut down in what has been called a "media blackout." ](/news/2016/03/20/voters-in-the-republic-of-the-congo-go-to-the-polls-with-current-president-denis-sassou-nguesso-expected-to-extend-his-32-year-rule-telepho.md) _Context: Denis Sassou Nguesso, President, Republic of the Congo, Republic of the Congo presidential election, 2016_
2. [Fighting erupts between unknown assailants and police in the southern part of Brazzaville, capital of the Republic of the Congo, after a disputed Presidential election that brought Denis Sassou Nguesso back to power for a third term. The reason for the clashes is not immediately clear but they have taken place in districts where support for the opposition is strong. The government blames the violence on the Ninjas, a militant group active during the Second Republic of the Congo Civil War. ](/news/2016/04/4/fighting-erupts-between-unknown-assailants-and-police-in-the-southern-part-of-brazzaville-capital-of-the-republic-of-the-congo-after-a-dis.md) _Context: Denis Sassou Nguesso, Republic of the Congo, Republic of the Congo presidential election, 2016_
3. [ Former President of South Africa Nelson Mandela denies writing a foreword praising Republic of the Congo President Denis Sassou Nguesso's biography, ''Straight Speaking for Africa''. ](/news/2009/10/21/former-president-of-south-africa-nelson-mandela-denies-writing-a-foreword-praising-republic-of-the-congo-president-denis-sassou-nguesso-s-b.md) _Context: Denis Sassou Nguesso, President, Republic of the Congo_
4. [ Republic of the Congo's re-elected President Denis Sassou Nguesso names his new government, abolishing the controversial post of Prime Minister and replacing the nation's oil minister. ](/news/2009/09/15/republic-of-the-congo-s-re-elected-president-denis-sassou-nguesso-names-his-new-government-abolishing-the-controversial-post-of-prime-mini.md) _Context: Denis Sassou Nguesso, President, Republic of the Congo_
5. [ French prosecutors launch an investigation into alleged embezzlement by two African leaders, Omar Bongo Ondimba of Gabon and Denis Sassou Nguesso of the Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2007/06/19/french-prosecutors-launch-an-investigation-into-alleged-embezzlement-by-two-african-leaders-omar-bongo-ondimba-of-gabon-and-denis-sassou-n.md) _Context: Denis Sassou Nguesso, Republic of the Congo_
6. [Congo President Denis Sassou Nguesso names former opposition leader Clement Mouamba as prime minister. ](/news/2016/04/23/congo-president-denis-sassou-nguesso-names-former-opposition-leader-cla-c-ment-mouamba-as-prime-minister.md) _Context: Denis Sassou Nguesso_
7. [Veteran President of the Republic of the Congo Denis Sassou Nguesso is sworn in for another term after a contentious election. ](/news/2016/04/16/veteran-president-of-the-republic-of-the-congo-denis-sassou-nguesso-is-sworn-in-for-another-term-after-a-contentious-election.md) _Context: Denis Sassou Nguesso_
8. [Scientists announce the discovery of a remote mire the size of England in the Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2014/05/27/scientists-announce-the-discovery-of-a-remote-mire-the-size-of-england-in-the-republic-of-the-congo.md) _Context: Republic of the Congo_
9. [Suspected Sudanese ivory poachers shoot dead an unknown number of elephants at the Dzanga-Ndoki National Park world heritage site in the Central African Republic, close to the border with Cameroon and the Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2013/05/9/suspected-sudanese-ivory-poachers-shoot-dead-an-unknown-number-of-elephants-at-the-dzanga-ndoki-national-park-world-heritage-site-in-the-cen.md) _Context: Republic of the Congo_
10. [An Ilyushin Il-76 cargo plane belonging to Aero-Service, flying from Pointe Noire to Brazzaville, capital of the Republic of the Congo, crashes into houses near Maya-Maya Airport during a thunderstorm. Congolese Red Cross officials say at least 32 people are confirmed dead in the crash, including six crew members and a police officer on board, as the search for victims continues. ](/news/2012/11/30/an-ilyushin-il-76-cargo-plane-belonging-to-aa-c-ro-service-flying-from-pointe-noire-to-brazzaville-capital-of-the-republic-of-the-congo-cra.md) _Context: Republic of the Congo_
