### [2016-03-24](/news/2016/03/24/index.md)

# Myanmar's parliament approves Nobel Peace Prize laureate Aung San Suu Kyi and 17 other nominees to positions in the incoming government's cabinet. Which ministry each will head was not announced. 

Myanmar’s parliament approved Aung San Suu Kyi and 17 other nominees to take positions in the incoming government’s cabinet, though what ministries they will head has yet to be announced.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/asia_pacific/amnesty-to-suu-kyi-government-break-cycle-of-repression/2016/03/24/33f6bdfe-f181-11e5-a2a3-d4e9697917d1_story.html)
2. [Amnesty International](http://www.amnestyusa.org/news/press-releases/new-government-in-myanmar-must-break-vicious-cycle-of-repression-and-political-arrests)
3. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-03-24/myanmar-s-parliament-approves-suu-kyi-for-cabinet-position)
4. [USA Tday](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2016/03/24/myanmar-amnesty-international-report-political-prisoners/82171192/)

### Related:

1. [With 45 percent of the Pyithu Hluttaw (House of Representatives) results announced from Sunday's election, Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy (NLD) moves closer to an absolute majority in the country's parliament, winning  over 90 percent  (135 of 149 seats) in the country's lower house. The NLD also has taken over 85 percent in  the upper house and regional assemblies. The NLD needs to win more than two-thirds of seats that were contested in parliament to form Myanmar's first democratically elected government since the early 1960s. ](/news/2015/11/11/with-45-percent-of-the-pyithu-hluttaw-house-of-representatives-results-announced-from-sunday-s-election-aung-san-suu-kyi-s-national-leagu.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar, Myanmar general election, 2015, parliament_
2. [In Myanmar's capital Naypyidaw, Htin Kyaw is sworn in by House Speaker Mahn Win Khaing Than as the first civilian president in 54 years.  Htin Kyaw, a close aide to Aung San Suu Kyi, takes power from former general Thein Sein. ](/news/2016/03/30/in-myanmar-s-capital-naypyidaw-htin-kyaw-is-sworn-in-by-house-speaker-mahn-win-khaing-than-as-the-first-civilian-president-in-54-years-ht.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar, Myanmar general election, 2015_
3. [The Myanmar Assembly of the Union, or parliament,  selects Htin Kyaw as the new President. Kyaw, a confidant of Aung San Suu Kyi, will be the first civilian president in decades. Suu Kyi, a Nobel Peace Prize recipient, is constitutionally barred from the office. ](/news/2016/03/15/the-myanmar-assembly-of-the-union-or-parliament-selects-htin-kyaw-as-the-new-president-kyaw-a-confidant-of-aung-san-suu-kyi-will-be-th.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar, parliament_
4. [The Assembly of the Union for Myanmar meets with Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy having the majority for the first time. ](/news/2016/02/1/the-assembly-of-the-union-for-myanmar-meets-with-aung-san-suu-kyi-s-national-league-for-democracy-having-the-majority-for-the-first-time.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar, parliament_
5. [Myanmar's democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi discusses the smooth transfer of power to her National League for Democracy (NLD) party with President Thein Sein, their first public meeting since the  November election. The new administration will be sworn in early next year. ](/news/2015/12/2/myanmar-s-democracy-icon-aung-san-suu-kyi-discusses-the-smooth-transfer-of-power-to-her-national-league-for-democracy-nld-party-with-presi.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar, Myanmar general election, 2015_
6. [Voters in Myanmar head to the polls with the National League for Democracy, the party of Nobel Peace Prize-winner Aung San Suu Kyi, expected to win a majority of seats in Parliament and the ruling Union Solidarity and Development Party conceding defeat on Monday. Early indication is an 80 percent turnout of the more than 30 million people eligible to vote. ](/news/2015/11/8/voters-in-myanmar-head-to-the-polls-with-the-national-league-for-democracy-the-party-of-nobel-peace-prize-winner-aung-san-suu-kyi-expected.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar, Myanmar general election, 2015_
7. [Myanmar opposition leader and Nobel Laureate Aung San Suu Kyi says she would be "above the president" if her National League for Democracy party (NLD) gets the expected win in the Sunday, November 8, 2015, election. The 2008 constitution, drafted by the military without NLD participation, bars her from  becoming President. ](/news/2015/11/5/myanmar-opposition-leader-and-nobel-laureate-aung-san-suu-kyi-says-she-would-be-above-the-president-if-her-national-league-for-democracy-p.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar, Myanmar general election, 2015_
8. [Aung San Suu Kyi's National League for Democracy (NLD) wins an absolute majority with 348 seats taken in the country's parliament, 19 seats more than the required 329, marking Myanmar's first democratically-elected government since the 1962 Burmese coup d'etat. ](/news/2015/11/13/aung-san-suu-kyi-s-national-league-for-democracy-nld-wins-an-absolute-majority-with-348-seats-taken-in-the-country-s-parliament-19-seats.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar general election, 2015, parliament_
9. [The Holy See and Myanmar establish full diplomatic relations following a meeting between Pope Francis and Myanmar's State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-holy-see-and-myanmar-establish-full-diplomatic-relations-following-a-meeting-between-pope-francis-and-myanmar-s-state-counsellor-aung-sa.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar_
10. [Tens of thousands of people, including politicians and activists, gather for the funeral of Ko Ni, Myanmar leader Aung San Suu Kyi's longtime adviser,  who was assassinated yesterday as he walked out of the Yangon International Airport. ](/news/2017/01/30/tens-of-thousands-of-people-including-politicians-and-activists-gather-for-the-funeral-of-ko-ni-myanmar-leader-aung-san-suu-kyi-s-longtim.md) _Context: Aung San Suu Kyi, Myanmar_
