### [2016-05-24](/news/2016/05/24/index.md)

# Loretta Lynch, the Attorney General of the United States, advises that the US government will seek the death penalty against Dylann Roof accused of conducting the 2015 Charleston massacre. 




### Source:

1. [Post and Courier](http://www.postandcourier.com/20160524/160529650/federal-authorities-to-seek-death-penalty-against-dylann-roof)

### Related:

1. [American Dylann Roof is sentenced to death for the Charleston church shooting in which nine people were killed. ](/news/2017/01/10/american-dylann-roof-is-sentenced-to-death-for-the-charleston-church-shooting-in-which-nine-people-were-killed.md) _Context: Charleston church shooting, Dylann Roof_
2. [Charleston church shooting. Dylann Roof is convicted of the racially motivated murder of nine black churchgoers in the U.S. city of Charleston, South Carolina. ](/news/2016/12/15/charleston-church-shooting-dylann-roof-is-convicted-of-the-racially-motivated-murder-of-nine-black-churchgoers-in-the-u-s-city-of-charlest.md) _Context: Charleston church shooting, Dylann Roof_
3. [Hillary Clinton email controversy. Loretta Lynch, the Attorney General of the United States, closes the investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a personal email system to conduct official business without charges being laid. ](/news/2016/07/6/hillary-clinton-email-controversy-loretta-lynch-the-attorney-general-of-the-united-states-closes-the-investigation-into-hillary-clinton-s.md) _Context: Attorney General, Loretta Lynch_
4. [Charleston church shooting. Dylann Roof, the suspect in the murder of nine people in the American city of Charleston, South Carolina, is indicted on dozens of federal offenses including hate crimes. ](/news/2015/07/22/charleston-church-shooting-dylann-roof-the-suspect-in-the-murder-of-nine-people-in-the-american-city-of-charleston-south-carolina-is-ind.md) _Context: Charleston church shooting, Dylann Roof_
5. [The Federal Bureau of Investigation admits that Dylann Roof, the suspect in the Charleston church shooting, should not have passed a background check to obtain a gun licence. ](/news/2015/07/10/the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-admits-that-dylann-roof-the-suspect-in-the-charleston-church-shooting-should-not-have-passed-a-backgro.md) _Context: Charleston church shooting, Dylann Roof_
6. [The United States Senate confirms Loretta Lynch as the Attorney General of the United States. Lynch will be the first African-American woman to hold the position. ](/news/2015/04/23/the-united-states-senate-confirms-loretta-lynch-as-the-attorney-general-of-the-united-states-lynch-will-be-the-first-african-american-woman.md) _Context: Attorney General, Loretta Lynch_
7. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump. Officials serving on President-elect Donald Trump's transition team reveal selections for high-level positions, including Senator Jeff Sessions for Attorney General, Mike Pompeo for Director of the CIA and Michael T. Flynn for National Security Advisor. ](/news/2016/11/18/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-officials-serving-on-president-elect-donald-trump-s-transition-team-reveal-selections-for-high-leve.md) _Context: Attorney General_
8. [The Mexican government approves the extradition of drug boss Joaquin Guzman to the United States following assurances that he will not face the death penalty. ](/news/2016/05/20/the-mexican-government-approves-the-extradition-of-drug-boss-joaquan-guzma-n-to-the-united-states-following-assurances-that-he-will-not-fac.md) _Context: death penalty_
9. [2015 FIFA corruption case. U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch announces criminal corruption charges against 16 FIFA officials in an indictment that expands Justice's May filing that indicted 14 officials associated with FIFA (Federation Internationale de Football Association) and related sports marketing companies. At U.S. authorities request, Swiss police arrest two South American FIFA (Federation Internationale de Football Association) officials at the five-star Baur au Lac hotel in Zurich, on suspicion of accepting "millions of dollars" in bribes. In addition, eight of the defendants indicted in May have pleaded guilty. ](/news/2015/12/3/2015-fifa-corruption-case-u-s-attorney-general-loretta-lynch-announces-criminal-corruption-charges-against-16-fifa-officials-in-an-indictm.md) _Context: Loretta Lynch_
10. [Following public outcry after the Charleston church shooting, the Confederate Battle Flag is lowered at the South Carolina State House after 54 years. ](/news/2015/07/10/following-public-outcry-after-the-charleston-church-shooting-the-confederate-battle-flag-is-lowered-at-the-south-carolina-state-house-after.md) _Context: Charleston church shooting_
