### [2016-05-24](/news/2016/05/24/index.md)

# The President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan formally approves his ally Binali Yildirim as the Prime Minister. 

Your trusted source for breaking news, analysis, exclusive interviews, headlines, and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News America](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/turkeys-erdogan-approves-government-formed-ally-39327188)

### Related:

1. [Justice and Development Party leadership election, 2016: Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu announces his resignation effective 22 May amid conflict with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan over Turkey-s increasingly authoritarian rule. Davutoglu said he would step down following an extraordinary meeting of AKP party leaders scheduled for May 22. ](/news/2016/05/5/justice-and-development-party-leadership-election-2016-turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-announces-his-resignation-effective-22-may.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkish Prime Minister_
2. [ Binali Yildirim is appointed Prime Minister of Turkey after the resignation of Ahmet Davutoglu amid disagreements with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. ](/news/2016/05/23/binali-ya-lda-ra-m-is-appointed-prime-minister-of-turkey-after-the-resignation-of-ahmet-davutoalu-amid-disagreements-with-president-recep.md) _Context: Binali Yildirim, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkish Prime Minister_
3. [2015 Russian Sukhoi Su-24 shootdown: Russia-Turkey relations: A day after Turkey's president Recep Tayyip Erdogan had harsh words for Russia, Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu, in an essay in the London "Times", says the downing of the Russian jet, "was not -- and is not -- an act against a specific country. ... While the measures to defend our territory will remain in place, Turkey will work with Russia and our allies to calm tensions." ](/news/2015/11/28/2015-russian-sukhoi-su-24-shootdown-russia-turkey-relations-a-day-after-turkey-s-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-had-harsh-words-for-rus.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkish Prime Minister_
4. [ At least 300,000 secularist Turks march in Ankara to warn the Islamist Prime Minister of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his party against seeking the presidency. ](/news/2007/04/14/at-least-300-000-secularist-turks-march-in-ankara-to-warn-the-islamist-prime-minister-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-and-his-party-against.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkish Prime Minister_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Binali Yildirim, Turkish Prime Minister_
6. [Turkish constitutional referendum, 2017: Voters in Turkey go to the polls for a referendum that seeks to replace the country's parliamentary system with an executive presidency, thereby giving President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sweeping new powers. Erdogan's AK Party has claimed victory while the opposition CHP has said that it will challenge the result. ](/news/2017/04/16/turkish-constitutional-referendum-2017-voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-that-seeks-to-replace-the-country-s-parliamentary.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
7. [Turkey-United Kingdom relations: UK Prime Minister Theresa May and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sign a GBP100 million defense deal to build new fighter jets. Under the deal, BAE Systems will collaborate with Turkish companies to build the TAI TFX. ](/news/2017/01/28/turkey-united-kingdom-relations-uk-prime-minister-theresa-may-and-turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-sign-a-agbp100-million-defense.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
8. [Cyprus dispute: Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan vows that the Turkish Armed Forces will stay on Cyprus "in perpetuity" and that the proposal of a rotating presidency for a unified island is unacceptable, casting doubts on an eventual solution to the dispute. The remarks come as the latest round of unity talks end, with them to restart on January 18. ](/news/2017/01/13/cyprus-dispute-turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-vows-that-the-turkish-armed-forces-will-stay-on-cyprus-in-perpetuity-and-that-the.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
9. [Accession of Turkey to the European Union: Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens to open Turkey's borders to allow refugees and migrants to reach Europe after the European Parliament votes to temporarily freeze talks of Turkey's accession to the EU. ](/news/2016/11/25/accession-of-turkey-to-the-european-union-turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-to-open-turkey-s-borders-to-allow-refugees-and.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
10. [Turkish state of emergency: President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's order under the state of emergency declared Wednesday after the failed military coup calls for closure of thousands of private schools, charities, and other institutions suspected of having links to Fethullah Gulen. ](/news/2016/07/23/turkish-state-of-emergency-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-s-order-under-the-state-of-emergency-declared-wednesday-after-the-failed-militar.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
