### [2013-06-30](/news/2013/06/30/index.md)

# Hassan Rouhani, President-elect of Iran, criticizes the Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting (IRIB) over its news censorship of the Syrian civil war and the 2009-10 election protests. He also says Iran needs a cautious approach in its foreign policy. 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2013/06/2013629143045554318.html?utm_content=automate&utm_campaign=Trial6&utm_source=NewSocialFlow&utm_term=plustweets&utm_medium=MasterAccount)

### Related:

1. [Iranian President Hassan Rouhani reshuffles his cabinet, replacing culture, education, and sports ministers. The new ministers still need the parliament's approval. ](/news/2016/10/19/iranian-president-hassan-rouhani-reshuffles-his-cabinet-replacing-culture-education-and-sports-ministers-the-new-ministers-still-need-th.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran, Iranian President_
2. [Iran sentences four reformist newspaper journalists to long prison terms for so-called national security crimes. Analysts say this case indicates that   President Hassan Rouhani's calls for press freedoms will likey face an unsympathetic hearing from Iran's conservative judiciary. ](/news/2016/04/27/iran-sentences-four-reformist-newspaper-journalists-to-long-prison-terms-for-so-called-national-security-crimes-analysts-say-this-case-indi.md) _Context: Censorship in Iran, Hassan Rouhani, Iran_
3. [Iranian legislative election, 2016 Iran starts registering candidates for the 290-seat parliamentary elections scheduled for 26 February 2016. Potential candidates must be approved by the Guardian Council. The elections will, effectively, be  a vote on President Hassan Rouhani's moderate policies that received a boost from the July 14  landmark nuclear deal. ](/news/2015/12/20/iranian-legislative-election-2016-piran-starts-registering-candidates-for-the-290-seat-parliamentary-elections-scheduled-for-26-february-20.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran, Iranian President_
4. [Syrian civil war:Iranian President Hassan Rouhani says Iran is "ready to facilitate talks between the Syrian government and opposition". ](/news/2013/09/20/syrian-civil-war-piranian-president-hassan-rouhani-says-iran-is-ready-to-facilitate-talks-between-the-syrian-government-and-opposition.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Iranian President Hassan Rouhani releases 11 political prisoners. He will visit the United States tomorrow. ](/news/2013/09/18/iranian-president-hassan-rouhani-releases-11-political-prisoners-he-will-visit-the-united-states-tomorrow.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran, Iranian President_
6. [Iranian President Hassan Rouhani confirmed he had contacted U.S. President Barack Obama via letters. Both countries cut all diplomatic relations after the Iranian Hostage Crisis in 1980. ](/news/2013/09/17/iranian-president-hassan-rouhani-confirmed-he-had-contacted-u-s-president-barack-obama-via-letters-both-countries-cut-all-diplomatic-relat.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran, Iranian President_
7. [Iran's former nuclear negotiator Hassan Rouhani enters the race to succeed President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, accusing the incumbent of needlessly incurring crippling economic sanctions. ](/news/2013/04/12/iran-s-former-nuclear-negotiator-hassan-rouhani-enters-the-race-to-succeed-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-accusing-the-incumbent-of-needless.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran, Iranian President_
8. [The second day of peace negotiations in Astana, Kazakhstan, end with the sponsors of the talks, Russia, Turkey and Iran, agreeing to set up commission between the three to monitor and enforce the fragile ceasefire to the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/24/the-second-day-of-peace-negotiations-in-astana-kazakhstan-end-with-the-sponsors-of-the-talks-russia-turkey-and-iran-agreeing-to-set-up.md) _Context: Iran, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Around ten heads of state attend the 17th Non-aligned Movement summit in Isla Margarita, Venezuela, including Evo Morales of Bolivia, Raul Castro of Cuba, Rafael Correa of Ecuador, Hassan Rouhani of Iran, Mahmoud Abbas of the State of Palestine, Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, and Venezuela's president Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/09/17/around-ten-heads-of-state-attend-the-17th-non-aligned-movement-summit-in-isla-margarita-venezuela-including-evo-morales-of-bolivia-raaol.md) _Context: Hassan Rouhani, Iran_
10. [Iran's former prosecutor of the Islamic Revolutionary Court, Saeed Mortazavi apologizes for his role in 2009 accidents at Kahrizak detention center which resulted in the deaths of three political prisoners including Mohsen Rouholamini. ](/news/2016/09/11/iran-s-former-prosecutor-of-the-islamic-revolutionary-court-saeed-mortazavi-apologizes-for-his-role-in-2009-accidents-at-kahrizak-detention.md) _Context: 2009-10 Iranian election protests, Iran_
