### [2013-06-30](/news/2013/06/30/index.md)

# US heatwave:. A heatwave hits the southwestern United States with a death recorded in the state of Nevada and record or near-record days. 

A man died and another was hospitalized in serious condition Saturday afternoon in heat-aggravated incidents as a heat wave blistered this sunbaked city and elsewhere in the Southwest.


### Source:

1. [AP via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/weather/2013/06/30/at-least-1-dead-in-west-heat-wave/)
2. [Associated Press via ABC](http://abclocal.go.com/wabc/story?section=news/national_world&id=9157741)
3. [KSAZ](http://www.myfoxphoenix.com/story/22726613/2013/06/30/yarnell-hill-wildfire-grows-to-almost-1000-acres)

### Related:

1. [2017 North American heat wave. A heat wave strikes the Western U.S. states of Arizona, California, and Nevada. It is predicted to last until June 23. ](/news/2017/06/20/2017-north-american-heat-wave-a-heat-wave-strikes-the-western-u-s-states-of-arizona-california-and-nevada-it-is-predicted-to-last-until.md) _Context: Nevada_
2. [U.S. President Barack Obama declares the Bears Ears in Utah and Gold Butte area of Nevada as National Monuments. Both are known for the presence of Native American populations and archaeological sites. ](/news/2016/12/29/u-s-president-barack-obama-declares-the-bears-ears-in-utah-and-gold-butte-area-of-nevada-as-national-monuments-both-are-known-for-the-pres.md) _Context: Nevada_
3. [2016 United States presidential election recounts. Reform candidate Rocky de la Fuente files for a sample recount in parts of Nevada. ](/news/2016/11/30/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recounts-reform-candidate-rocky-de-la-fuente-files-for-a-sample-recount-in-parts-of-nevada.md) _Context: Nevada_
4. [United States elections, 2016. Four state Democratic Parties sue the Donald Trump presidential campaign, the state Republican Parties, and "Stop the Steal" group founder Roger Stone for voter intimidation in the states of Ohio, Pennsylvania, Nevada, and Arizona. ](/news/2016/11/1/united-states-elections-2016-four-state-democratic-parties-sue-the-donald-trump-presidential-campaign-the-state-republican-parties-and.md) _Context: Nevada_
5. [2016 Pacific hurricane season. Remnants of Hurricane Earl helped form Tropical Storm Javier which is southeast of the Mexican resort of Cabo San Lucas on the Baja California Peninsula. A hurricane warning is issued for the southern portion of the peninsula. Rainfall from the storm is expected to impact the American Southwest, starting Tuesday evening. ](/news/2016/08/8/2016-pacific-hurricane-season-remnants-of-hurricane-earl-helped-form-tropical-storm-javier-which-is-southeast-of-the-mexican-resort-of-cabo.md) _Context: American Southwest_
6. [Tesla motors opens a 'Gigafactory' near Reno in the middle of the Nevada desert. ](/news/2016/07/27/tesla-motors-opens-a-gigafactory-near-reno-in-the-middle-of-the-nevada-desert.md) _Context: Nevada_
7. [Lake Mead in Mohave County, Arizona, the largest reservoir in the United States, drops to its lowest level in history, declining to its lowest level since it was filled in the 1930s. The reservoir serves water to the states of Arizona, Nevada and California. ](/news/2016/05/21/lake-mead-in-mohave-county-arizona-the-largest-reservoir-in-the-united-states-drops-to-its-lowest-level-in-history-declining-to-its-lowe.md) _Context: Nevada_
8. [At least nine people are injured in severe storms that spawned multiple tornado touchdowns in northeastern Oklahoma and sections of the Southwestern United States. One patient is in critical condition; the others suffered serious injuries, according to the Emergency Medical Services Authority. Parts of Texas, Louisiana, and Arkansas are also impacted. A flash flood watch has been issued through Thursday evening. Two (2) to 4 inches of rain is expected, with perhaps 6 inches in some locations. ](/news/2016/03/30/at-least-nine-people-are-injured-in-severe-storms-that-spawned-multiple-tornado-touchdowns-in-northeastern-oklahoma-and-sections-of-the-sout.md) _Context: American Southwest_
9. [United States presidential election, 2016.. Voters in the American state of Nevada take part in Democratic Party caucuses, with Hillary Clinton winning against Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2016/02/20/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-american-state-of-nevada-take-part-in-democratic-party-caucuses-with-hillary-clin.md) _Context: Nevada_
10. [Militia occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge. Armed militiamen, including members of the Bundy family of Nevada, take over and occupy the headquarters of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge near Burns, Oregon following a peaceful rally in support of Dwight and Steve Hammond, who were convicted of arson in 2012 for setting fires on public land adjacent to their property. ](/news/2016/01/2/militia-occupation-of-the-malheur-national-wildlife-refuge-armed-militiamen-including-members-of-the-bundy-family-of-nevada-take-over-and.md) _Context: Nevada_
