### [2010-11-10](/news/2010/11/10/index.md)

# An Israeli Air Force F-16I crashes in Makhtesh Ramon while on a training over the Negev desert in southern Israel, killing both the pilot and navigator of the plane. 

Pilot Maj. Amichai Itkis and navigator Maj. Emanuel Levy took off from the Ramon Air Force base and crashed during training exercise. 


### Source:

1. ["Bodies of IAF pilot and navigator found after F-16I crash in Negev" (Ha'aretz](http://www.haaretz.com/news/diplomacy-defense/bodies-of-iaf-pilot-and-navigator-found-after-f-16i-crash-in-negev-1.324188)

### Related:

1. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict: A total of seven rockets were fired from the Gaza Strip and landed in western Negev. Another rocket landed in Sderot and killed an Israeli woman. In response, the IAF also fired missiles in an air strike at a munitions base, and secondary explosions were reported after the strike. The air strike wounded seven people in the attack on Jabaliya, Gaza City, according to local residents and hospital officials.](/news/2007/05/22/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-a-total-of-seven-rockets-were-fired-from-the-gaza-strip-and-landed-in-western-negev-another-rocket-landed-in-sd.md) _Context: Israeli Air Force, Negev_
2. [The Israeli Air Force resumes bombing against suspected Hezbollah-related targets in Syria, with a fourth round of bombings occurring near military sites near Damascus. ](/news/2017/03/22/the-israeli-air-force-resumes-bombing-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-in-syria-with-a-fourth-round-of-bombings-occurring-near-m.md) _Context: Israeli Air Force_
3. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Israeli Air Force_
4. [An Israeli Air Force F-16 crashes while attempting to land at Ramon Airbase in southern Israel, killing the pilot. A navigator who was also in the aircraft successfully ejects and escapes the incident unharmed. ](/news/2016/10/5/an-israeli-air-force-f-16-crashes-while-attempting-to-land-at-ramon-airbase-in-southern-israel-killing-the-pilot-a-navigator-who-was-also.md) _Context: Israeli Air Force_
5. [Israeli Air Force planes hit two Hamas targets in Gaza in retaliation for rocket fire from the Palestinian territory. ](/news/2015/12/13/israeli-air-force-planes-hit-two-hamas-targets-in-gaza-in-retaliation-for-rocket-fire-from-the-palestinian-territory.md) _Context: Israeli Air Force_
6. [The Israeli Air Force reportedly conducts an airstrike near Damascus International Airport, in Syria's capital, the target apparently a weapons shipment reportedly intended for Lebanese terrorist organization Hezbollah, according to Syrian opposition groups. ](/news/2015/11/11/the-israeli-air-force-reportedly-conducts-an-airstrike-near-damascus-international-airport-in-syria-s-capital-the-target-apparently-a-weap.md) _Context: Israeli Air Force_
7. [In retaliation for the rocket fired on the Israeli city of Ashdod, the Israeli Air Force carries out airstrikes on suspected Hamas positions in Gaza. No casualties are reported. ](/news/2015/10/1/in-retaliation-for-the-rocket-fired-on-the-israeli-city-of-ashdod-the-israeli-air-force-carries-out-airstrikes-on-suspected-hamas-positions.md) _Context: Israeli Air Force_
8. [The Israeli Air Force bombs two Syrian Armed Forces bases near Damascus and the town of Dimas, according to Russian and Syrian sources. ](/news/2014/12/7/the-israeli-air-force-bombs-two-syrian-armed-forces-bases-near-damascus-and-the-town-of-dimas-according-to-russian-and-syrian-sources.md) _Context: Israeli Air Force_
9. [Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades, the military wing of Hamas claims responsibility for the over 80 rockets fired into southern Israel Monday evening; the Israeli Air Force carries out overnight airstrikes killing nine Palestinian militants. In response to escalating rocket fire, the Israel Defense Forces calls up 1,500 reservists as southern towns declare a state of emergency. ](/news/2014/07/7/izz-ad-din-al-qassam-brigades-the-military-wing-of-hamas-claims-responsibility-for-the-over-80-rockets-fired-into-southern-israel-monday-ev.md) _Context: Israeli Air Force_
10. [The death toll in the Gaza Strip since the beginning of Israeli air strikes reaches 120. The IAF has performed over 1,300 airstrikes since the beginning of the operation. ](/news/2014/07/12/the-death-toll-in-the-gaza-strip-since-the-beginning-of-israeli-air-strikes-reaches-120-the-iaf-has-performed-over-1-300-airstrikes-since-t.md) _Context: Israeli Air Force_
