### [2004-02-23](/news/2004/02/23/index.md)

#  Palestinian representatives put their case to the International Court of Justice against the Israeli West Bank barrier. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/3512255.stm)

### Related:

1. [8 Palestinians are injured while on restricted lands when their anti-barrier protests are broken up by Israeli forces using live ammunition and tear gas among other agents to disperse the protesters. ](/news/2011/02/19/8-palestinians-are-injured-while-on-restricted-lands-when-their-anti-barrier-protests-are-broken-up-by-israeli-forces-using-live-ammunition.md) _Context: Palestinian, barrier_
2. [ The Supreme court of Israel rejects the opinion of International Court of Justice for the removal of Israeli West Bank barrier, but calls on part of the wall to be re-routed so as not to encroach on Palestinian lands. The world court had called the barrier illegal and ordered the wall be torn down. ](/news/2005/09/15/the-supreme-court-of-israel-rejects-the-opinion-of-international-court-of-justice-for-the-removal-of-israeli-west-bank-barrier-but-calls-o.md) _Context: International Court of Justice, barrier_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 8 Israelis are killed and 60 wounded, among them children on their way to school, in a suicide bombing of a city bus in Jerusalem, Israel. The Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades branch of Fatah claimed responsibility. The attack occurs one day before the start of hearings at the International Court of Justice regarding the Israeli West Bank barrier. "This attack proves just how urgent it is to build the fence", Israeli Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom said. "It is a clear preventive measure&nbsp;... We will continue building it because it saves lives." The suicide bomber came from Husan, a populated area near Bethlehem. ](/news/2004/02/22/israeli-palestinian-conflict-8-israelis-are-killed-and-60-wounded-among-them-children-on-their-way-to-school-in-a-suicide-bombing-of-a-c.md) _Context: International Court of Justice, barrier_
4. [ Israel is condemned by the International Committee of the Red Cross for the location of the Israeli West Bank barrier. The aid agency declared that the barrier at its current position was contrary to international humanitarian law and had caused extensive damage to Palestinian land and property and deprived thousands of Palestinians access to water, health care and education. ](/news/2004/02/18/israel-is-condemned-by-the-international-committee-of-the-red-cross-for-the-location-of-the-israeli-west-bank-barrier-the-aid-agency-decla.md) _Context: Palestinian, barrier_
5. [ The European Union and the United States file documents with the International Court of Justice opposing the court's decision to deliberate on the Israeli West Bank barrier.](/news/2004/02/1/the-european-union-and-the-united-states-file-documents-with-the-international-court-of-justice-opposing-the-court-s-decision-to-deliberate.md) _Context: International Court of Justice, barrier_
6. [ The European Union strongly criticises Israel's plans to build the Israeli West Bank barrier encircling Palestinian areas on the West Bank. It also criticises the intensification of suicide attacks by Palestinians and describes Israel's building of settlements in the West Bank as an "obstacle to peace".](/news/2003/11/18/the-european-union-strongly-criticises-israel-s-plans-to-build-the-israeli-west-bank-barrier-encircling-palestinian-areas-on-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Palestinian, barrier_
7. [In a vote at the United Nations General Assembly, 94 states support a Mauritius-sponsored resolution to seek an advisory opinion from the International Court of Justice on the legal status of the disputed Chagos Archipelago. ](/news/2017/06/22/in-a-vote-at-the-united-nations-general-assembly-94-states-support-a-mauritius-sponsored-resolution-to-seek-an-advisory-opinion-from-the-in.md) _Context: International Court of Justice_
8. [An Israeli soldier is killed during a car ramming attack near Ofra, in the West Bank. Another Israeli soldier was injured. A Palestinian suspected of committing the attack is taken into custody. ](/news/2017/04/6/an-israeli-soldier-is-killed-during-a-car-ramming-attack-near-ofra-in-the-west-bank-another-israeli-soldier-was-injured-a-palestinian-sus.md) _Context: Palestinian_
9. [ A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-pa.md) _Context: Palestinian_
10. [Israeli authorities shoot into a car that was on a ramming attack at a bus shelter at the Gush Etzion Junction in the West Bank where 13 Palestinians and 3 Israelis have been killed since October 2015. A 16-year-old Palestinian, Fatima Jibrin Taqatqa, had lost control of her car and the teenager now remains in critical condition. ](/news/2017/03/15/israeli-authorities-shoot-into-a-car-that-was-on-a-ramming-attack-at-a-bus-shelter-at-the-gush-etzion-junction-in-the-west-bank-where-13-pal.md) _Context: Palestinian_
