### [2004-02-23](/news/2004/02/23/index.md)

#  The Iranian parliament starts processing the resignation of more than 120 members, starting with Fatemeh Haghighatjou who is among the few female members.k




### Related:

1. [ Demonstrators demand the resignation of Guatemalan President Alvaro Colom. ](/news/2009/05/15/demonstrators-demand-the-resignation-of-guatemalan-president-alvaro-colom.md) _Context: resignation_
2. [ The Majlis of Iran elects Ali Larijani as its new Speaker. ](/news/2008/05/28/the-majlis-of-iran-elects-ali-larijani-as-its-new-speaker.md) _Context: Majlis of Iran_
3. [ The Canadian "National Post" reports that certain "Iranian expatriates living in Canada" are claiming that the Iranian parliament has passed a law that would require the country's non-Muslim religious minorities to wear distinctive markings: yellow ribbons for Jews, red for Christians and blue for Zoroastrians. After great controversy, the "National Post" retracts its original report. ](/news/2006/05/19/the-canadian-national-post-reports-that-certain-iranian-expatriates-living-in-canada-are-claiming-that-the-iranian-parliament-has-passe.md) _Context: Majlis of Iran_
4. [ In the Philippines, opposition demonstrators demanding resignation of president Gloria Arroyo seize the building of the Department of Agriculture and smash windows before dispersing before police. Her political opponents in the senate want to begin impeachment procedures ](/news/2005/07/15/in-the-philippines-opposition-demonstrators-demanding-resignation-of-president-gloria-arroyo-seize-the-building-of-the-department-of-agric.md) _Context: resignation_
5. [ In Belgium, the Parliament Speaker Herman De Croo cancels a lunch with a delegation from the Iranian parliament, led by Speaker Gholam-Ali Haddad-Adel, because of the Iranians' insistence on not serving alcoholic drinks, and a meeting with senate president Anne-Marie Lizin because of the men in the delegation refusing to shake hands with her, a non-related woman.](/news/2005/06/30/in-belgium-the-parliament-speaker-herman-de-croo-cancels-a-lunch-with-a-delegation-from-the-iranian-parliament-led-by-speaker-gholam-ali.md) _Context: Majlis of Iran_
6. [ The Ecuador congress votes to dismiss supreme court judges. A debate for the selection of the new ones is set for Tuesday. President Lucio Gutierrez lifts a day-old state of emergency, but thousands of protesters still demand his resignation. ](/news/2005/04/18/the-ecuador-congress-votes-to-dismiss-supreme-court-judges-a-debate-for-the-selection-of-the-new-ones-is-set-for-tuesday-president-lucio.md) _Context: resignation_
7. [ Najib Mikati becomes the new Prime Minister of Lebanon, replacing Omar Karami, who has resigned for a second time after seven weeks of frustrated efforts to form a consensus government. ](/news/2005/04/16/najib-mikati-becomes-the-new-prime-minister-of-lebanon-replacing-omar-karami-who-has-resigned-for-a-second-time-after-seven-weeks-of-frus.md) _Context: resignation_
8. [ Tulip Revolution: The Parliament of Kyrgyzstan finally approves the resignation of deposed President Askar Akayev. ](/news/2005/04/11/tulip-revolution-the-parliament-of-kyrgyzstan-finally-approves-the-resignation-of-deposed-president-askar-akayev.md) _Context: resignation_
9. [ The State Council of the People's Republic of China approves the resignation of Hong Kong's Chief Executive Tung Chee-Hwa, who then becomes a vice-chairman of the Political Consultative Conference, an advisory body. ](/news/2005/03/12/the-state-council-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-approves-the-resignation-of-hong-kong-s-chief-executive-tung-chee-hwa-who-then-becomes.md) _Context: resignation_
10. [ The Chief Executive of Hong Kong, Tung Chee Hwa, announces he is to resign. He blames his poor health for the decision, while some believe that he may have been dismissed by the Chinese government. ](/news/2005/03/10/the-chief-executive-of-hong-kong-tung-chee-hwa-announces-he-is-to-resign-he-blames-his-poor-health-for-the-decision-while-some-believe.md) _Context: resignation_
