### [2004-02-23](/news/2004/02/23/index.md)

#  United States Secretary of Education Rod Paige calls the National Education Association, the nation's largest teachers' union, a "terrorist organization." He later apologizes, calling his comments "an inappropriate choice of words to describe the obstructionist scare tactics the NEA's Washington lobbyists have employed against No Child Left Behind's historic education reforms." 




### Source:

1. [CNSNews](http://www.cnsnews.com/ViewNation.asp?Page=%5CNation%5Carchive%5C200402%5CNAT20040223c.html)

### Related:

1. [ U.S. President George W. Bush accepts the resignation of Secretary of State Colin Powell. He is the sixth Cabinet member to resign since the re-election of President Bush. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/ALLPOLITICS/11/15/powell/index.html (CNN)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/4013621.stm (BBC)]. Other resignations today include Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=politicsNews&storyID=6816327 (Reuters)], Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=politicsNews&storyID=6815887 (Reuters)] and Education Secretary Rod Paige.](/news/2004/11/15/u-s-president-george-w-bush-accepts-the-resignation-of-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-he-is-the-sixth-cabinet-member-to-resign-since-th.md) _Context: Rod Paige, United States Secretary of Education_
2. [United States Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos plans to change the sexual assault guidelines on college campuses created by the previous administration. ](/news/2017/09/7/united-states-secretary-of-education-betsy-devos-plans-to-change-the-sexual-assault-guidelines-on-college-campuses-created-by-the-previous-a.md) _Context: United States Secretary of Education_
3. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: terrorism_
4. [ A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-pa.md) _Context: terrorism_
5. [The U.S. Senate confirms, via Vice President Mike Pence's unprecedented tie-breaking vote, Betsy DeVos as Secretary of Education. ](/news/2017/02/7/the-u-s-senate-confirms-via-vice-president-mike-pence-s-unprecedented-tie-breaking-vote-betsy-devos-as-secretary-of-education.md) _Context: United States Secretary of Education_
6. [German police shoot a man, who was trying to escape after apparently driving into a group of pedestrians in a central square in Heidelberg. A 73-year-old man was killed and two other people injured. Police do not believe terrorism is involved. ](/news/2017/02/25/german-police-shoot-a-man-who-was-trying-to-escape-after-apparently-driving-into-a-group-of-pedestrians-in-a-central-square-in-heidelberg.md) _Context: terrorism_
7. [Turkey probes around 10,000 social media users for allegedly insulting government officials or supporting "terror-related activity." ](/news/2016/12/25/turkey-probes-around-10-000-social-media-users-for-allegedly-insulting-government-officials-or-supporting-terror-related-activity.md) _Context: terrorism_
8. [Three people, including the perpetrator, are killed in a shooting in the town of Spalding, Lincolnshire in the United Kingdom. Lincolnshire Police have ruled out a potential link to terrorism. ](/news/2016/07/19/three-people-including-the-perpetrator-are-killed-in-a-shooting-in-the-town-of-spalding-lincolnshire-in-the-united-kingdom-lincolnshire.md) _Context: terrorism_
9. [The first of seventy British military personnel arrive in Somalia to help combat the threat of Islamist militants. The remaining troops will join the United Nations peacekeepers and AMISOM soldiers in countering Al-Shabaab later on this year. This deployment is part of a greater effort by the United Kingdom to target terrorism. ](/news/2016/05/2/the-first-of-seventy-british-military-personnel-arrive-in-somalia-to-help-combat-the-threat-of-islamist-militants-the-remaining-troops-will.md) _Context: terrorism_
10. [Six high ranking Pakistan Army officers, including a lieutenant-general and major-general, are sacked by Chief of Army Staff Raheel Sharif amid corruption allegations within the army. Sharif said corruption had to be uprooted to fight terrorism. ](/news/2016/04/21/six-high-ranking-pakistan-army-officers-including-a-lieutenant-general-and-major-general-are-sacked-by-chief-of-army-staff-raheel-sharif-a.md) _Context: terrorism_
