### [2003-10-15](/news/2003/10/15/index.md)

#  2003 occupation of Iraq: Japan offers $1.5 billion aid to Iraq in what could be the first tranche of a total of $5 billion.




### Related:

1. [ King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia describes U.S. presence in Iraq as an "illegal occupation." ](/news/2007/03/29/king-abdullah-of-saudi-arabia-describes-u-s-presence-in-iraq-as-an-illegal-occupation.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
2. [ President of the United States George W. Bush delivers the 2007 State of the Union Address, in which he remains steadfast to his Iraq policies, but also reaches out to political opponents by proposing environmental and social reforms. ](/news/2007/01/23/president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-delivers-the-2007-state-of-the-union-address-in-which-he-remains-steadfast-to-his-iraq-polic.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
3. [ Prime Minister Tony Blair declares that British troops should be out of Iraq within four years. ](/news/2006/05/22/prime-minister-tony-blair-declares-that-british-troops-should-be-out-of-iraq-within-four-years.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
4. [ Post-invasion Iraq: The deadline set by the kidnappers of Jill Caroll, after which they said they would execute her if their demands were not met, passes with no word yet on whether she has been killed. An Iraqi official says he believes she is still alive and that they know her original kidnapper's name and address, although Carroll may have been sold to another group since. ](/news/2006/02/27/post-invasion-iraq-the-deadline-set-by-the-kidnappers-of-jill-caroll-after-which-they-said-they-would-execute-her-if-their-demands-were-n.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
5. [ Moments before the address began, anti-war protester Cindy Sheehan is arrested in the U.S. Capitol Building for refusing to cover up a T-shirt she was wearing to protest the war and occupation of Iraq. ](/news/2006/01/31/moments-before-the-address-began-anti-war-protester-cindy-sheehan-is-arrested-in-the-u-s-capitol-building-for-refusing-to-cover-up-a-t-sh.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
6. [ A suicide bomber detonates explosives near an LPG (propane) fuel tanker parked near a gas station south of Baghdad, sparking a massive explosion that kills more than 60 people and wounds as many as 100 in one of the worst insurgent attacks to hit the area since the US occupation of Iraq. ](/news/2005/07/16/a-suicide-bomber-detonates-explosives-near-an-lpg-propane-fuel-tanker-parked-near-a-gas-station-south-of-baghdad-sparking-a-massive-expl.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
7. [ On the first anniversary of the 2003 invasion of Iraq, millions join protests in cities across the world to demonstrate against the war and the continued occupation. In London two Greenpeace protesters evade newly tightened security and scale the Houses of Parliament's Clock Tower to unfurl a banner calling for the truth to be told by the UK government. ](/news/2004/03/20/on-the-first-anniversary-of-the-2003-invasion-of-iraq-millions-join-protests-in-cities-across-the-world-to-demonstrate-against-the-war-and.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
8. [ The United States Army in Iraq announces a $10 million dollar reward for the capture of Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, a leader of the terrorist organization Ansar al-Islam, blamed for the deaths of unknown numbers of Iraqi citizens and U.S. military during the U.S.-led occupation of Iraq.](/news/2004/02/11/the-united-states-army-in-iraq-announces-a-10-million-dollar-reward-for-the-capture-of-abu-musab-al-zarqawi-a-leader-of-the-terrorist-org.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
9. [ U.S.-led occupation of Iraq: Mortar attacks by Anti-American insurgents wound 35 U.S. soldiers at a military camp west of Baghdad. Six mortar rounds exploded around 6:45 p.m. local time.](/news/2004/01/7/u-s-led-occupation-of-iraq-mortar-attacks-by-anti-american-insurgents-wound-35-u-s-soldiers-at-a-military-camp-west-of-baghdad-six-mort.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
10. [ Iraq's Civil Administrator L. Paul Bremer announces that Saddam Hussein was captured by US forces. Saddam was found approximately 15 km south of his home town of Tikrit at 2030 local time on December 13. Hussein was captured without resistance in a so-called "spider-hole" at a farmhouse in the town of ad-Dawr. He is in Coalition custody at an undisclosed location. At a press conference, Bremer presents video of Saddam in custody with a full beard, which is later shown removed. Bremer says that Saddam is in good health and is being "co-operative and talkative". He says that Saddam will "face justice" before an Iraqi court and under Iraqi law. ](/news/2003/12/14/iraq-s-civil-administrator-l-paul-bremer-announces-that-saddam-hussein-was-captured-by-us-forces-saddam-was-found-approximately-15-km-sou.md) _Context: U.S. presence in Iraq_
