### [2003-10-15](/news/2003/10/15/index.md)

#  Anglican leaders from around the world meet in Lambeth Palace in an attempt to avoid a schism on the issue of homosexuality in the clergy. The Church of Ireland Archbishop of Armagh, Robin Eames says that the Anglican Communion is moving towards a "consensus situation" on the issue of homosexuality and the clergy at its meeting in Lambeth Palace.<ref name="autogenerated1">url=http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/3192728.stm NEWS - UK - Church 'moving to gay consensus' December 2015</ref><ref name="autogenerated1"/>




### Related:

1. [ Pope Benedict XVI prepares to enact new rules restricting homosexual men from entering the seminary, claiming that the action will help to curb the Roman Catholic Church sex abuse scandal. In response, Gene Robinson, the first openly gay U.S. ordained Episcopalian bishop, calls it "an act of violence that needs to be confronted." ](/news/2005/11/5/pope-benedict-xvi-prepares-to-enact-new-rules-restricting-homosexual-men-from-entering-the-seminary-claiming-that-the-action-will-help-to.md) _Context: Anglican, homosexuality_
2. [ The Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams, the leader of the world-wide Anglican Communion, is challenged to rethink his personal stance on the ordination of gay clergy in the light of scripture by nearly half of all the Anglican Primates. ](/news/2005/11/17/the-archbishop-of-canterbury-rowan-williams-the-leader-of-the-world-wide-anglican-communion-is-challenged-to-rethink-his-personal-stance.md) _Context: Anglican Communion, homosexuality_
3. [German Justice Minister Heiko Maas says he will propose legislation to annul homosexuality convictions, and create a "right to compensation." A 19th-century law outlawed sexual relations between men. Homosexuality was decriminalized in 1969, but the law itself was not rescinded until 1994. ](/news/2016/05/11/german-justice-minister-heiko-maas-says-he-will-propose-legislation-to-annul-homosexuality-convictions-and-create-a-aright-to-compensatio.md) _Context: homosexuality_
4. [The Russian Duma rejects a Communist Party bill banning homosexual expression. ](/news/2016/01/18/the-russian-duma-rejects-a-communist-party-bill-banning-homosexual-expression.md) _Context: homosexuality_
5. [Archbishops of the Anglican Communion meeting in England vote to sanction the U.S. branch of the Communion for its unilateral decision to allow same-sex marriages.](/news/2016/01/14/archbishops-of-the-anglican-communion-meeting-in-england-vote-to-sanction-the-u-s-branch-of-the-communion-for-its-unilateral-decision-to-al.md) _Context: Anglican Communion_
6. [Phil Robertson, featured on the reality show "Duck Dynasty", is suspended by A&E in response to controversial statements about homosexuality made during an interview with "GQ" magazine. ](/news/2013/12/19/phil-robertson-featured-on-the-reality-show-duck-dynasty-is-suspended-by-a-e-in-response-to-controversial-statements-about-homosexuality.md) _Context: homosexuality_
7. [The Supreme Court of India upholds the primacy of Section 377 of the Indian penal code banning homosexual activities. ](/news/2013/12/11/the-supreme-court-of-india-upholds-the-primacy-of-section-377-of-the-indian-penal-code-banning-homosexual-activities.md) _Context: homosexuality_
8. [Ugandan police release theatre producer David Cecil on bail after charging him in connection with the staging of "The River and the Mountain", a play which references homosexuality. His court date is 18 October, with a two year jail sentence possible. ](/news/2012/09/17/ugandan-police-release-theatre-producer-david-cecil-on-bail-after-charging-him-in-connection-with-the-staging-of-the-river-and-the-mountain.md) _Context: homosexuality_
9. [Gay rights activists hack the website of the Ugandan prime minister over the government's stance towards homosexuality. ](/news/2012/08/16/gay-rights-activists-hack-the-website-of-the-ugandan-prime-minister-over-the-government-s-stance-towards-homosexuality.md) _Context: homosexuality_
10. [Rights campaigners criticise the authoritative "Contemporary Chinese Dictionary" for excluding the definition of colloquial Chinese characters for "gay." ](/news/2012/07/21/rights-campaigners-criticise-the-authoritative-contemporary-chinese-dictionary-for-excluding-the-definition-of-colloquial-chinese-characte.md) _Context: homosexuality_
