### [2003-10-15](/news/2003/10/15/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The United States vetoes a United Nations Security Council resolution condemning the Israeli West Bank barrier.




### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel resumes construction of one of the most controversial parts of the Israeli West Bank barrier, around the Ariel settlement, 20&nbsp;km into the West Bank. ](/news/2005/01/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-resumes-construction-of-one-of-the-most-controversial-parts-of-the-israeli-west-bank-barrier-around-t.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, barrier_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The United States vetoes a United Nations Security Council resolution (sponsored by Algeria and Libya) condemning the killing by Israel of Sheikh Ahmed Yassin along with six other Palestinians outside a mosque in Gaza City and calling for a complete cessation of executions. The veto is publicly motivated by the resolution making no mention of suicide bombings committed by Hamas and attributed to Yassin. 11 votes are recorded in favour, with three (United Kingdom, Germany, and Romania) abstaining and one (the United States) against. ](/news/2004/03/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-united-states-vetoes-a-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-algeria-and-libya-condem.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, United Nations Security Council_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Ronnie Kasrils, the South African minister of Water Affairs and Forestry, calls the Israeli West Bank barrier a "wall of shame" and states that the wall is meant to dispossess Palestinians of their land and water resources. ](/news/2004/02/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-ronnie-kasrils-the-south-african-minister-of-water-affairs-and-forestry-calls-the-israeli-west-bank-barrier.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, barrier_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 8 Israelis are killed and 60 wounded, among them children on their way to school, in a suicide bombing of a city bus in Jerusalem, Israel. The Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades branch of Fatah claimed responsibility. The attack occurs one day before the start of hearings at the International Court of Justice regarding the Israeli West Bank barrier. "This attack proves just how urgent it is to build the fence", Israeli Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom said. "It is a clear preventive measure&nbsp;... We will continue building it because it saves lives." The suicide bomber came from Husan, a populated area near Bethlehem. ](/news/2004/02/22/israeli-palestinian-conflict-8-israelis-are-killed-and-60-wounded-among-them-children-on-their-way-to-school-in-a-suicide-bombing-of-a-c.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, barrier_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: In Israel, a hard-hitting UN report says that Israel will effectively annex large areas of Palestinian territory as a result of the permits it intends to issue to Palestinians near the wall being built. The Israeli West Bank barrier has been built inside the internationally recognised Green Line about 18,000 acres (73&nbsp;km2) and cuts off the rest of the West Bank. It has been declared a "closed military zone".](/news/2003/11/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-in-israel-a-hard-hitting-un-report-says-that-israel-will-effectively-annex-large-areas-of-palestinian-territ.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, barrier_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Arab and Non-Aligned nations call on the United Nations Security Council to stop Israel carrying out its threat to expel the head of the Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat, from the West Bank. Elsewhere the European Union and Russia describe the Israeli proposal as a 'terrible mistake'. UN General Secretary Kofi Annan calls the Israel's proposed action "dangerous" and "unwise". The Irish Taoiseach, Bertie Ahern, who takes over as President of the European Council in January, tells journalists after a summit meeting with French President Jacques Chirac in Paris that he is "shocked" by the Israeli plan and said his government is "totally opposed" to the Israeli plan. The United States Ambassador to Israel meets the Israeli Defence Minister to outline American hostility to the plan.](/news/2003/09/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-arab-and-non-aligned-nations-call-on-the-united-nations-security-council-to-stop-israel-carrying-out-its-thre.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, United Nations Security Council_
7. [The Philippines suspends trade relations with North Korea to comply with a recent United Nations Security Council resolution over its repeated missile tests. ](/news/2017/09/8/the-philippines-suspends-trade-relations-with-north-korea-to-comply-with-a-recent-united-nations-security-council-resolution-over-its-repeat.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
8. [The United Nations Security Council approves new sanctions on North Korea, limiting refined petroleum imports and banning textile exports, in response to its recent nuclear test. ](/news/2017/09/11/the-united-nations-security-council-approves-new-sanctions-on-north-korea-limiting-refined-petroleum-imports-and-banning-textile-exports-i.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
9. [The United Nations Security Council votes 15-0 to impose sanctions on North Korea for its intercontinental ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2017/08/5/the-united-nations-security-council-votes-15a0-to-impose-sanctions-on-north-korea-for-its-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-tests.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
10. [A United Nations Security Council session is to be held to address the escalating violence in Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/07/22/a-united-nations-security-council-session-is-to-be-held-to-address-the-escalating-violence-in-jerusalem.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
