### [2003-10-15](/news/2003/10/15/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Four people die in a bomb attack on a convoy of US diplomatic vehicles in the Gaza Strip. Palestinian Authority head Yasser Arafat calls the bombing "dirty and shameful" in an exclusive interview on BBC News. Secretary of State Colin Powell urges Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei in a telephone call ""to take action to put an end to violence and terrorism"," according to a Palestinian official.




### Related:

1. [ The Prime Minister of the Palestinian Authority, Ahmed Qurei, submits his resignation during chaos in the Gaza Strip as gunmen kidnapped several people, including the chief of police of the Gaza Strip, demanding reform of the Palestinian security force. Yasser Arafat refuses to accept the resignation. ](/news/2004/07/17/the-prime-minister-of-the-palestinian-authority-ahmed-qurei-submits-his-resignation-during-chaos-in-the-gaza-strip-as-gunmen-kidnapped-se.md) _Context: Ahmed Qurei, Gaza, Yasser Arafat_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian President Yasser Arafat, reacting to the United States President Bush and Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon summit, states Palestinian will never give up their struggle for an independent homeland, never abandon the claims of their refugees, nor make more territorial concessions. He states that Jerusalem will be its capital. Sharon, who wants to withdraw Israel from the Gaza Strip, faces opposition to his withdrawal plan. ](/news/2004/04/15/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-president-yasser-arafat-reacting-to-the-united-states-president-bush-and-israeli-prime-minister.md) _Context: Gaza, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Yasser Arafat_
3. [ The Security Cabinet of Israel votes in principle to expel President of the Palestinian National Authority Yasser Arafat from the West Bank. According to one source, the cabinet decided to ask the Israeli Defense Force to draw up a plan to expel Arafat. No timeline was specified, and Israeli government sources say that the decision was not to expel him immediately. The U.S. Department of States criticises such a move as "unhelpful". Thousands of Palestinians travel to the presidential compound in Ramallah to protest at the Israeli decision. Ahmed Qurei, Prime Minister of the Palestinian National Authority-designate, announces in response that he is halting efforts to form a government. Russian Foreign Minister Igor Ivanov states an international force may be needed to end spiraling violence in the Palestinian territories.](/news/2003/09/11/the-security-cabinet-of-israel-votes-in-principle-to-expel-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-yasser-arafat-from-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Ahmed Qurei, Prime Minister, Yasser Arafat_
4. [Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
5. [In the United States, Hillary Clinton is criticized by the State Department's inspector general for her usage of a private email server while she was secretary of state. The finding also concluded though that former secretary of state Colin Powell also had a private email server, as did former ambassador to Kenya Scott Gration. The inspector referred to the email server usage as "longstanding systemic weaknesses". ](/news/2016/05/25/in-the-united-states-hillary-clinton-is-criticized-by-the-state-departmentas-inspector-general-for-her-usage-of-a-private-email-server-wh.md) _Context: Colin Powell, United States Secretary of State_
6. [Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-police-in-jerusalem-today-with-two-of-the-attackers-shot-dead-a.md) _Context: Gaza, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
7. [A BBC investigation determines that photographs circulating on social media sites allegedly covering the airstrikes on Gaza include photographs taken from conflicts in Iraq and Syria and are up to five years old. ](/news/2014/07/10/a-bbc-investigation-determines-that-photographs-circulating-on-social-media-sites-allegedly-covering-the-airstrikes-on-gaza-include-photogra.md) _Context: BBC, Gaza_
8. [The Israeli Air Force strikes targets in the Gaza Strip in response to ongoing rocket fire from the Palestinian territory. ](/news/2014/01/31/the-israeli-air-force-strikes-targets-in-the-gaza-strip-in-response-to-ongoing-rocket-fire-from-the-palestinian-territory.md) _Context: Gaza, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [A senior Israeli army officer tells the BBC that another Gaza War is "a question of when, not if" should Hamas continue to control the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2010/12/22/a-senior-israeli-army-officer-tells-the-bbc-that-another-gaza-war-is-a-question-of-when-not-if-should-hamas-continue-to-control-the-gaza.md) _Context: BBC, Gaza_
10. [ An Israeli airstrike on the Gaza Strip city of Jabalia kills senior Hamas military commander Nizar Rayan and six members of his family. ](/news/2009/01/1/an-israeli-airstrike-on-the-gaza-strip-city-of-jabalia-kills-senior-hamas-military-commander-nizar-rayan-and-six-members-of-his-family.md) _Context: Gaza, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
