### [2010-01-8](/news/2010/01/8/index.md)

# One person is killed and several are injured after gunmen open fire on a bus carrying the Togo national football team to the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations in Angola. 

Togo threaten to withdraw from competition after a coach carrying the country&rsquo;s football team was attacked by gunmen.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/8449319.stm)
2. [ESPN](http://soccernet.espn.go.com/news/story?id=722453&sec=global&campaign=rss&source=soccernet&cc=5739)
3. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/sport/football/6953884/Togo-we-cannot-play-after-this-bloodshed.html)
4. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2010/jan/08/togo-football-team-ambushed-angola)

### Related:

1. [Confederation of African Football (CAF) president Issa Hayatou asks his executive committee to lift sanctions imposed on the Togo national football team following an attack on their team bus ahead of the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations in Angola. ](/news/2010/05/7/confederation-of-african-football-caf-president-issa-hayatou-asks-his-executive-committee-to-lift-sanctions-imposed-on-the-togo-national-f.md) _Context: 2010 Africa Cup of Nations, Angola, Togo national football team_
2. [Manchester City and Togo striker Emmanuel Adebayor announces his retirement from international football at the age of 26, saying he is "still haunted" by the Togo national football team attack which killed three of his colleagues in Angola ahead of the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations three months ago. ](/news/2010/04/12/manchester-city-and-togo-striker-emmanuel-adebayor-announces-his-retirement-from-international-football-at-the-age-of-26-saying-he-is-stil.md) _Context: 2010 Africa Cup of Nations, Angola, Togo national football team_
3. [The Court of Arbitration for Sport (CAS) rejects the appeal for the inclusion of the Togo national football team in the draw for the 2012 Africa Cup of Nations which resulted from their ban due to the Togo national football team attack prior to the 2010 tournament in Angola. It also says that a new draw will be required if they rule in favor of Togo in upcoming proceedings. ](/news/2010/02/18/the-court-of-arbitration-for-sport-cas-rejects-the-appeal-for-the-inclusion-of-the-togo-national-football-team-in-the-draw-for-the-2012-af.md) _Context: 2010 Africa Cup of Nations, Angola, Togo national football team_
4. [The Togo national football team is banned for two tournaments and fined $50,000 for withdrawing from the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations after the fatal attack on their team bus in Angola. The Government of Angola and Confederation of African Football are both to be sued by the families of the dead. ](/news/2010/01/30/the-togo-national-football-team-is-banned-for-two-tournaments-and-fined-50-000-for-withdrawing-from-the-2010-africa-cup-of-nations-after-th.md) _Context: 2010 Africa Cup of Nations, Angola, Togo national football team_
5. [The ban given following the Togo national football team attack ahead of the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations in Angola is lifted with immediate effect as confirmed by the Confederation of African Football (CAF) at a meeting in Cairo. ](/news/2010/05/14/the-ban-given-following-the-togo-national-football-team-attack-ahead-of-the-2010-africa-cup-of-nations-in-angola-is-lifted-with-immediate-ef.md) _Context: 2010 Africa Cup of Nations, Angola_
6. [Goalkeeper Kodjovi Obilale, shot in the Togo national football team attack prior to the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations in Angola, is to return to France after emergency surgery in Johannesburg. ](/news/2010/03/1/goalkeeper-kodjovi-obilala-c-shot-in-the-togo-national-football-team-attack-prior-to-the-2010-africa-cup-of-nations-in-angola-is-to-return.md) _Context: 2010 Africa Cup of Nations, Angola_
7. [Egypt become African Cup of Nations champions for a record third consecutive title after beating Ghana 1-0 in Estdio 11 de Novembro, Luanda, Angola, in the 2010 Africa Cup of Nations final. ](/news/2010/01/31/egypt-become-african-cup-of-nations-champions-for-a-record-third-consecutive-title-after-beating-ghana-1-0-in-estadio-11-de-novembro-luanda.md) _Context: 2010 Africa Cup of Nations, Angola_
8. [President Faure Gnassingb and national team captain Emmanuel Adebayor are among dignitaries to attend a funeral ceremony held in Lom for the two football officials killed during the Togo national football team attack in Angola. ](/news/2010/01/15/president-faure-gnassingbe-and-national-team-captain-emmanuel-adebayor-are-among-dignitaries-to-attend-a-funeral-ceremony-held-in-lome-for-t.md) _Context: Angola, Togo national football team_
9. [Voters in Angola go to the polls to elect 220 National Assembly members. The leader of the winning party will become the new President, following the retirement of Jos Eduardo dos Santos, who has held the role since 1979. ](/news/2017/08/23/voters-in-angola-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-220-national-assembly-members-the-leader-of-the-winning-party-will-become-the-new-president-foll.md) _Context: Angola_
10. [At least 17 people are killed with dozens injured in a crowd stampede at a football stadium in Uige, Angola. ](/news/2017/02/10/at-least-17-people-are-killed-with-dozens-injured-in-a-crowd-stampede-at-a-football-stadium-in-uage-angola.md) _Context: Angola_
