### [2003-04-5](/news/2003/04/5/index.md)

#  The Senate of Belgium approves a change in the nation's war crimes law so that it will no longer apply to citizens of nations with sufficient human rights laws. The House of Representatives had already approved the change. The law had been used in the past to charge such people as George H. W. Bush, Colin Powell and Ariel Sharon with war crimes, and had interfered with Belgium's international relations.




### Related:

1. [United Nations officials announce the creation of a new team in Geneva to investigate possible war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide during the Syrian Civil War in order to prepare for future prosecutions of those responsible. ](/news/2017/02/16/united-nations-officials-announce-the-creation-of-a-new-team-in-geneva-to-investigate-possible-war-crimes-crimes-against-humanity-and-genoc.md) _Context: war crimes_
2. [ Former U.S. President George H. W. Bush is hospitalized in intensive care at Houston Methodist Hospital for treatment of pneumonia. His wife, Barbara is also hospitalized. ](/news/2017/01/18/former-u-s-president-george-h-w-bush-is-hospitalized-in-intensive-care-at-houston-methodist-hospital-for-treatment-of-pneumonia-his-wif.md) _Context: George H. W. Bush_
3. [In the United States, Hillary Clinton is criticized by the State Department's inspector general for her usage of a private email server while she was secretary of state. The finding also concluded though that former secretary of state Colin Powell also had a private email server, as did former ambassador to Kenya Scott Gration. The inspector referred to the email server usage as "longstanding systemic weaknesses". ](/news/2016/05/25/in-the-united-states-hillary-clinton-is-criticized-by-the-state-departmentas-inspector-general-for-her-usage-of-a-private-email-server-wh.md) _Context: Colin Powell_
4. [Amnesty International accuses Israel of willfully committing war crimes against the Palestinians. ](/news/2014/02/27/amnesty-international-accuses-israel-of-willfully-committing-war-crimes-against-the-palestinians.md) _Context: war crimes_
5. [Former Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is in critical condition following renal failure after being in a coma since 2006. ](/news/2014/01/2/former-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-is-in-critical-condition-following-renal-failure-after-being-in-a-coma-since-2006.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon_
6. [Former Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, is buried on his ranch in southern Israel following a state funeral at the Knesset attended by foreign dignitaries and Israelis. ](/news/2014/01/14/former-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-is-buried-on-his-ranch-in-southern-israel-following-a-state-funeral-at-the-knesset-attended-b.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon_
7. [Former Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon dies at the age of 85 after spending eight years in a coma following a stroke. ](/news/2014/01/11/former-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-dies-at-the-age-of-85-after-spending-eight-years-in-a-coma-following-a-stroke.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon_
8. [The head of a United Nations war crimes tribunal states that it is investigating 14 alleged instances of chemical weapons attacks. ](/news/2013/09/17/the-head-of-a-united-nations-war-crimes-tribunal-states-that-it-is-investigating-14-alleged-instances-of-chemical-weapons-attacks.md) _Context: war crimes_
9. [Abdul Kader Mullah, a leader of the Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami party, is sentenced to death for war crimes in the Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971. ](/news/2013/09/17/abdul-kader-mullah-a-leader-of-the-bangladesh-jamaat-e-islami-party-is-sentenced-to-death-for-war-crimes-in-the-bangladesh-liberation-war.md) _Context: war crimes_
10. [A war crimes tribunal finds Bangladeshi ex-politician Ghulam Azam, former leader of the Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami, guilty of war crimes during the Bangladesh Liberation War in 1971. ](/news/2013/07/15/a-war-crimes-tribunal-finds-bangladeshi-ex-politician-ghulam-azam-former-leader-of-the-bangladesh-jamaat-e-islami-guilty-of-war-crimes-dur.md) _Context: war crimes_
