### [2005-01-6](/news/2005/01/6/index.md)

#  2004 Indian Ocean earthquake: World leaders gather in Jakarta, Indonesia, for an emergency summit with the United Nations. Aid pledges since the Asian Tsunami disaster are near USD 4 billion (- 3 billion). Nearly 150,000 people have been confirmed dead in the four hardest hit nations - Indonesia, India, Sri Lanka and Thailand. 




### Source:

1. [CNA](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/stories/afp_asiapacific/view/125958/1/.html)

### Related:

1. [ 2005 Sumatran earthquake: An earthquake of moment magnitude 8.7 is reported off the west coast of North Sumatra, likely an aftershock of the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake. Concerned about the threat of a tsunami, emergency evacuations begin in Malaysia, Thailand, and Sri Lanka, although no significant tsunami activity is reported. Indonesia's vice-president reports up to 2,000 deaths ](/news/2005/03/28/2005-sumatran-earthquake-an-earthquake-of-moment-magnitude-8-7-is-reported-off-the-west-coast-of-north-sumatra-likely-an-aftershock-of-th.md) _Context: 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, Indonesia, Sri Lanka, Thailand_
2. [ September 2007 Sumatra earthquakes: A second major earthquake off the coast of Sumatra prompts tsunami warnings for Sri Lanka, India, Indonesia, Christmas Island and the Cocos Islands. ](/news/2007/09/13/september-2007-sumatra-earthquakes-a-second-major-earthquake-off-the-coast-of-sumatra-prompts-tsunami-warnings-for-sri-lanka-india-indon.md) _Context: India, Indonesia, Sri Lanka_
3. [ Global tsunami aid donations exceed USD 2 billion (EUR 1.5 billion). ](/news/2005/01/2/global-tsunami-aid-donations-exceed-usd-2-billion-eur-1-5-billion.md) _Context: 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, EUR, US$_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Indonesia, United Nations_
5. [United Nations Ocean Conference: At a United Nations-Oceans summit, delegates from China, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand, four of the top polluters of plastic into the oceans, pledge to reduce their levels of oceanic plastic pollution. ](/news/2017/06/8/united-nations-ocean-conference-at-a-united-nations-oceans-summit-delegates-from-china-indonesia-the-philippines-and-thailand-four-of-t.md) _Context: Indonesia, Thailand_
6. [Flooding occurs across parts of Indonesia, including the capital Jakarta, due to torrential downpours over the last few days. Thousands of homes have been flooded and schools were forced to close. However, there are no reports of injuries yet. ](/news/2017/02/21/flooding-occurs-across-parts-of-indonesia-including-the-capital-jakarta-due-to-torrential-downpours-over-the-last-few-days-thousands-of-h.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jakarta_
7. [An Austrian court grants a United States request to extradite Ukrainian businessman Dmytro Firtash. U.S. officials accuse Firtash of being involved in a scandal where he allegedly paid US$18.5 million in bribes for a permit to mine titanium in India, something Firtash denies. ](/news/2017/02/21/an-austrian-court-grants-a-united-states-request-to-extradite-ukrainian-businessman-dmytro-firtash-u-s-officials-accuse-firtash-of-being-i.md) _Context: India, US$_
8. [Silvio Berlusconi prostitute trial: An Italian court orders former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi to stand trial on April 4 on charges of allegedly bribing witnesses with -10 million (US$11 million) in order to silence them over accusations he paid for sex with young women. ](/news/2017/01/28/silvio-berlusconi-prostitute-trial-an-italian-court-orders-former-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-to-stand-trial-on-april-4-on-charges-of.md) _Context: EUR, US$_
9. [Basuki Tjahaja Purnama, the Christian Governor of the Indonesian capital Jakarta, will face prosecution for blasphemy. ](/news/2016/12/27/basuki-tjahaja-purnama-the-christian-governor-of-the-indonesian-capital-jakarta-will-face-prosecution-for-blasphemy.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jakarta_
10. [Approximately 200,000 Muslims protest in the Indonesian capital Jakarta against the Governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama for alleged blasphemy. This is the second mass protest in a month against the minority Christian governor. ](/news/2016/12/2/approximately-200-000-muslims-protest-in-the-indonesian-capital-jakarta-against-the-governor-basuki-tjahaja-purnama-for-alleged-blasphemy-t.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jakarta_
