### [2005-01-6](/news/2005/01/6/index.md)

#  Former South African President Nelson Mandela breaks a strong taboo when he announces that the death at age 54 of his sole surviving son, Makgatho Mandela, was caused by AIDS, which kills about 600 people daily in South Africa. His action is viewed as being critical of his successor, Thabo Mbeki, who has denied a link between HIV and AIDS. 

Get the latest breaking news across the U.S. on ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [ABC](http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory?id=390040)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/4151159.stm)

### Related:

1. [Former South African President and anti-apartheid leader Nelson Mandela, aged 94, is hospitalized; officials say it is only for a routine checkup. ](/news/2013/03/9/former-south-african-president-and-anti-apartheid-leader-nelson-mandela-aged-94-is-hospitalized-officials-say-it-is-only-for-a-routine-ch.md) _Context: Nelson Mandela, President, South Africa_
2. [Former President of South Africa Nelson Mandela is hospitalised with a lung infection. ](/news/2013/03/28/former-president-of-south-africa-nelson-mandela-is-hospitalised-with-a-lung-infection.md) _Context: Nelson Mandela, President, South Africa_
3. [Former President of South Africa Nelson Mandela is released from the hospital after "successful" medical tests. ](/news/2013/03/10/former-president-of-south-africa-nelson-mandela-is-released-from-the-hospital-after-successful-medical-tests.md) _Context: Nelson Mandela, President, South Africa_
4. [Former South African President and anti-apartheid leader Nelson Mandela, 94, in still-fragile health, is released from the hospital in Pretoria, South Africa to receive continuing at-home care. He had had his longest period of hospitalization (more than 2 weeks) there since his 1990 release from prison, as the result of a gallstone removal operation and a lung infection. ](/news/2012/12/26/former-south-african-president-and-anti-apartheid-leader-nelson-mandela-94-in-still-fragile-health-is-released-from-the-hospital-in-preto.md) _Context: Nelson Mandela, President, South Africa_
5. [ Former President of South Africa Nelson Mandela denies writing a foreword praising Republic of the Congo President Denis Sassou Nguesso's biography, "Straight Speaking for Africa". ](/news/2009/10/21/former-president-of-south-africa-nelson-mandela-denies-writing-a-foreword-praising-republic-of-the-congo-president-denis-sassou-nguesso-s-b.md) _Context: Nelson Mandela, President, South Africa_
6. [ Former South African President Thabo Mbeki will mediate between the Movement for Democratic Change and Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe's government after Mugabe takes control of ministries that command the military and the police, an action that allegedly violates the power-sharing agreement reached last month. ](/news/2008/10/11/former-south-african-president-thabo-mbeki-will-mediate-between-the-movement-for-democratic-change-and-zimbabwean-president-robert-mugabe-s.md) _Context: President, South Africa, Thabo Mbeki_
7. [ Thabo Mbeki, the President of South Africa, sacks Nozizwe Madlala-Routledge as the Deputy Health Minister for attending an AIDS conference in Spain without authorisation and criticising hospital conditions. ](/news/2007/08/10/thabo-mbeki-the-president-of-south-africa-sacks-nozizwe-madlala-routledge-as-the-deputy-health-minister-for-attending-an-aids-conference.md) _Context: AIDS, President, Thabo Mbeki_
8. [ In South Africa, President Thabo Mbeki names energy and minerals minister Phumzile Mlambo-Ngcuka as his deputy president. She is the first woman to hold the position. ](/news/2005/06/22/in-south-africa-president-thabo-mbeki-names-energy-and-minerals-minister-phumzile-mlambo-ngcuka-as-his-deputy-president-she-is-the-first.md) _Context: President, South Africa, Thabo Mbeki_
9. [ South Africa decides to recognize the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic (SADR) because Morocco refuse to discuss the territory self-determination.""Once that process was stopped and Baker resigned and Morocco said its (sovereignty claim) was not negotiable, then we were left with no choice"" declared Nkosazana Dlamini-Zuma. Recognition of the SADR by South Africa had been promised by Nelson Mandela in 1994, but had been postponed by pressures from other countries, as the United States, France or Palestine. Thabo Mbeki stated on a speech to the Pan-African Parliament that the international community should press for Western Sahara's self-determination in the same way as it had done to end South Africa's apartheid. Morocco reacted recalling its ambassador in South Africa for consultations, considering the recognition "partial, surprising and inopportune". ](/news/2004/09/15/south-africa-decides-to-recognize-the-sahrawi-arab-democratic-republic-sadr-because-morocco-refuse-to-discuss-the-territory-self-determin.md) _Context: Nelson Mandela, South Africa, Thabo Mbeki_
10. [ A research team led by an evolutionary biologist at the University of Arizona publishes a paper in "Nature" on the genetic history of HIV proving that Gaetan Dugas, the Canadian flight attendant who had been identified for years as "Patient Zero" of the AIDS epidemic in the U.S., did not spread the virus to the country. The study indicates that HIV first spread to the U.S. from the Caribbean around 1970. ](/news/2016/10/26/a-research-team-led-by-an-evolutionary-biologist-at-the-university-of-arizona-publishes-a-paper-in-nature-on-the-genetic-history-of-hiv-p.md) _Context: AIDS, HIV_
