### [2005-06-12](/news/2005/06/12/index.md)

#  Lebanese general elections: Results of the third round of the Lebanese parliamentary elections in Mount Lebanon and the Beqaa show the triumph of Michel Aoun's list in the upper part of the region (Metn) and the success of Walid Jumblatt's coalition in the lower part (Chouf). 

The elections in Mount Lebanon&#39;s third electoral district of Baabda-Aley were colored with security clashes as police and army officers struggled to keep the voting stations and surrounding areas secure. Sunday&#39;s polls in central and eastern Lebanon proved to be the fiercest electoral battle yet with anti-Syrian factions squaring off against each other.


### Source:

1. [ABC](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory?id=842507)
2. [Al-Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/B8A1880A-CB15-4661-B52E-B33F5A68DD7F.htm)
3. [Daily Star](http://www.dailystar.com.lb/article.asp?edition_id=1&categ_id=2&article_id=15870)
4. [Daily Star](http://www.dailystar.com.lb/article.asp?edition_id=1&categ_id=2&article_id=15873)
5. [IHT](http://www.iht.com/articles/2005/06/12/news/beirut.php)
6. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=8766824)

### Related:

1. [ In Lebanon, prime minister Fouad Siniora announces his new cabinet after long negotiations. Cabinet members include representative of Hezbollah when Christian leader Michel Aoun refuses to join ](/news/2005/07/19/in-lebanon-prime-minister-fouad-siniora-announces-his-new-cabinet-after-long-negotiations-cabinet-members-include-representative-of-hezbo.md) _Context: Lebanon, Michel Aoun_
2. [ Cedar Revolution: The Anti-Syrian bloc of Saad al-Hariri captured control of the Lebanese Legislature in the Lebanese general election of 2005, winning 72 of the 128 available seats. ](/news/2005/06/20/cedar-revolution-the-anti-syrian-bloc-of-saad-al-hariri-captured-control-of-the-lebanese-legislature-in-the-lebanese-general-election-of-2.md) _Context: Lebanese general election of 2005, Lebanon_
3. [ Exiled Christian army general Michel Aoun returns to Lebanon from France. His supporters in the Free Patriotic Movement call for his election as a new president. ](/news/2005/05/8/exiled-christian-army-general-michel-aoun-returns-to-lebanon-from-france-his-supporters-in-the-free-patriotic-movement-call-for-his-electi.md) _Context: Lebanon, Michel Aoun_
4. [Renewed clashes between Islamist extremists and the Fatah-supported Joint Palestinian Security Force at the Ain al-Hilweh Palestinian refugees camp, near Sidon, Lebanon, wound three more Palestinians. ](/news/2017/08/22/renewed-clashes-between-islamist-extremists-and-the-fatah-supported-joint-palestinian-security-force-at-the-ain-al-hilweh-palestinian-refuge.md) _Context: Lebanon_
5. [A ceasefire brings calm after heavy fighting between Fatah and extremists that left two people dead at the Palestinian refugees camp of Ain al-Hilweh, Lebanon. ](/news/2017/08/21/a-ceasefire-brings-calm-after-heavy-fighting-between-fatah-and-extremists-that-left-two-people-dead-at-the-palestinian-refugees-camp-of-ain.md) _Context: Lebanon_
6. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Lebanon_
7. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Lebanon_
8. [Michel Aoun is elected President of Lebanon following 29 months of parliamentary deadlock to fill the position. ](/news/2016/10/31/michel-aoun-is-elected-president-of-lebanon-following-29-months-of-parliamentary-deadlock-to-fill-the-position.md) _Context: Michel Aoun_
9. [A suicide bomber attacks the Lebanese village of Qaa near the Syrian border, with at least six people dead and 13 people injured. ](/news/2016/06/27/a-suicide-bomber-attacks-the-lebanese-village-of-qaa-near-the-syrian-border-with-at-least-six-people-dead-and-13-people-injured.md) _Context: Lebanon_
10. [ Syrian government forces and allies, including Lebanese Hezbollah fighters, retake a large area southeast of Damascus, including the key town of Deir al-Asafir. ](/news/2016/05/19/syrian-government-forces-and-allies-including-lebanese-hezbollah-fighters-retake-a-large-area-southeast-of-damascus-including-the-key-to.md) _Context: Lebanon_
