### [2005-06-6](/news/2005/06/6/index.md)

#  In Ethiopia, police arrest more than 500 students who protest against the parliamentary elections. The ruling EPRDF party claims victory but official results have been delayed until July 8 due to complaints of electoral fraud and opposition protests 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/4613741.stm)
2. [News24](http://www.news24.com/News24/Africa/News/0,,2-11-1447_1717139,00.html)
3. [Reuters AlertNet](http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/IRIN/5a4e1980ead5002c141950af90f01bc6.htm)
3. [Cover Image](http://graph.facebook.com/10227041841/picture)

### Related:

1. [ Ethiopian general elections, 2005: The National Elections Board of Ethiopia, following repeat voting in 31 areas, announces that the ruling EPRDF coalition has retained control of the government, obtaining 59 percent of the seats in Parliament. ([http://www.irinnews.org/report.asp?ReportID=48905&SelectRegion=Horn_of_Africa&SelectCountry=ETHIOPIA IRIN])](/news/2005/09/5/ethiopian-general-elections-2005-the-national-elections-board-of-ethiopia-following-repeat-voting-in-31-areas-announces-that-the-ruling.md) _Context: 2005 elections, EPRDF, Ethiopia_
2. [ Following general elections in May, Ethiopia releases the first round of official results for 307 of 527 parliamentary seats. The ruling EPRDF has won 139 seats, while opposition parties CUD and UEDF won 93 and 42, respectively. Smaller parties and independent candidates won the remaining 33 seats. CUD and UEDF announced plans to form a coalition government. ](/news/2005/07/8/following-general-elections-in-may-ethiopia-releases-the-first-round-of-official-results-for-307-of-527-parliamentary-seats-the-ruling-ep.md) _Context: 2005 elections, EPRDF, Ethiopia_
3. [ Ethiopian general elections: At least 22 Ethiopians are killed at demonstrations in Addis Ababa between police and students who accuse the ruling party of fraud in last month's general elections. ](/news/2005/06/8/ethiopian-general-elections-at-least-22-ethiopians-are-killed-at-demonstrations-in-addis-ababa-between-police-and-students-who-accuse-the.md) _Context: 2005 elections, EPRDF, Ethiopia_
4. [ In Ethiopia, provisional results indicate that the ruling Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Democratic Front of prime minister Meles Zenawi has won parliamentary majority. Opposition claims vote rigging. Final results are due June 8 ](/news/2005/05/28/in-ethiopia-provisional-results-indicate-that-the-ruling-ethiopian-people-s-revolutionary-democratic-front-of-prime-minister-meles-zenawi.md) _Context: EPRDF, Ethiopia_
5. [ Ethiopian prime minister Meles Zenawi bans demonstrations in the capital Addis Ababa for one month after Sunday's parliamentary elections. Opposition parties, especially Coalition for Unity and Democracy accuse government of electoral fraud and harassment of their election observers. No results have been published yet. [http://www.news24.com/News24/Africa/News/0,,2-11-1447_1705441,00.html (News24)] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/4549589.stm (BBC)] [http://www.forbes.com/home/feeds/afx/2005/05/15/afx2028176.html (Forbes)] (Wikinews)](/news/2005/05/16/ethiopian-prime-minister-meles-zenawi-bans-demonstrations-in-the-capital-addis-ababa-for-one-month-after-sunday-s-parliamentary-elections.md) _Context: Ethiopia, electoral fraud_
6. [ Ethiopia's ruling party EPRDF states it has won general elections when the opposition claims a victory. Voter turnout was over 90%. ](/news/2005/05/16/ethiopia-s-ruling-party-eprdf-states-it-has-won-general-elections-when-the-opposition-claims-a-victory-voter-turnout-was-over-90.md) _Context: EPRDF, Ethiopia_
7. [USAID announces the Trump administration dedicated $169 million to feed people facing starvation in Ethiopia and Kenya, adding to earlier assistance for those suffering from drought and conflict in the region. ](/news/2017/08/3/usaid-announces-the-trump-administration-dedicated-169-million-to-feed-people-facing-starvation-in-ethiopia-and-kenya-adding-to-earlier-as.md) _Context: Ethiopia_
8. [The United Nations International Organization for Migration reports, over the last two days in two incidents, smugglers have thrown 280 migrants from Ethiopia and other Horn of Africa countries into the sea off the coast of Yemen. More than 50 refugees have drowned with over 30 people still missing. ](/news/2017/08/10/the-united-nations-international-organization-for-migration-reports-over-the-last-two-days-in-two-incidents-smugglers-have-thrown-280-migr.md) _Context: Ethiopia_
9. [The World Health Organization (WHO) elects former Ethiopian Foreign Minister and Health Minister Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus as the international organization's new Director-General succeeding Dr. Margaret Chan, who has been in office since 2006. Tedros is the first African Director-General and the first non-medical doctor; he has a PhD in Community Health from the University of Nottingham. ](/news/2017/05/23/the-world-health-organization-who-elects-former-ethiopian-foreign-minister-and-health-minister-dr-tedros-adhanom-ghebreyesus-as-the-inter.md) _Context: Ethiopia_
10. [A landslide at a rubbish dump on the outskirts of Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, kills at least 48 people. ](/news/2017/03/12/a-landslide-at-a-rubbish-dump-on-the-outskirts-of-addis-ababa-ethiopia-kills-at-least-48-people.md) _Context: Ethiopia_
