
Formats: [HTML](/news/2005/06/6/in-washington-state-united-states-the-battle-over-the-results-of-the-2004-gubernatorial-election-is-settled-by-a-county-judge-approving.html)  [JSON](/news/2005/06/6/in-washington-state-united-states-the-battle-over-the-results-of-the-2004-gubernatorial-election-is-settled-by-a-county-judge-approving.json)  [XML](/news/2005/06/6/in-washington-state-united-states-the-battle-over-the-results-of-the-2004-gubernatorial-election-is-settled-by-a-county-judge-approving.xml)  

### [2005-06-6](/news/2005/06/6/index.md)

##### Washington
#  In Washington state, United States, the battle over the results of the 2004 gubernatorial election is settled by a county judge, approving the final count in favor of Christine Gregoire.




### Related:

1. [ Dino Rossi defeats Christine Gregoire by 261 votes in the Washington governor's race, pending a state-mandated recount. It is the final undecided race of the 2004 United States election season. (Note: After the recount, Gregoire is shown to have, in fact, won the highly contested race.)](/news/2004/11/17/dino-rossi-defeats-christine-gregoire-by-261-votes-in-the-washington-governor-s-race-pending-a-state-mandated-recount-it-is-the-final-und.md) _Context: 2004 gubernatorial election, Christine Gregoire, Washington_
2. [The Seattle City Council unanimously votes to give Uber, Lyft, and other contract drivers the power to unionize. The Washington city becomes the first in the United States to do so. Seattle Mayor Ed Murray opposes the bill which can still become law without his signature. Court challenges are expected. ](/news/2015/12/14/the-seattle-city-council-unanimously-votes-to-give-uber-lyft-and-other-contract-drivers-the-power-to-unionize-the-washington-city-becomes.md) _Context: United States, Washington_
3. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: United States, Washington_
4. [Xi Jinping begins his first visit to the United States as President of the People's Republic of China, meeting with technology company leaders and representatives in Seattle, Washington. ](/news/2015/09/22/xi-jinping-begins-his-first-visit-to-the-united-states-as-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-meeting-with-technology-company-leade.md) _Context: United States, Washington_
5. [Health authorities in the United States say that 53 people in nine states have been sickened in a salmonella outbreak. California is the worst affected state with 31 cases with the other states with cases include Arizona, Illinois, Mississippi, New Mexico, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. ](/news/2015/05/21/health-authorities-in-the-united-states-say-that-53-people-in-nine-states-have-been-sickened-in-a-salmonella-outbreak-california-is-the-wor.md) _Context: United States, Washington_
