### [2005-06-6](/news/2005/06/6/index.md)

#  The Supreme Court of the United States found for the federal government in a 6-3 decision in the medical marijuana case Ashcroft v. Raich. The court also decided in Spector v. Norwegian Cruise Line Ltd. by ruling that the ADA applies to foreign cruise ships.




### Related:

1. [ The U.S. Supreme Court hears a landmark case to decide the rights of states to overrule federal restrictions on medical marijuana use. This case has important consequences for redefining the separation and limitation of powers between states and the federal government. ](/news/2004/11/29/the-u-s-supreme-court-hears-a-landmark-case-to-decide-the-rights-of-states-to-overrule-federal-restrictions-on-medical-marijuana-use-this.md) _Context: Medical marijuana, United States Supreme Court_
2. [The United States Supreme Court confirms (5-4) a temporary stay of a lower court ruling which would have required Texas to undergo new redistricting of congressional districts with large Hispanic and African American populations. The ruling was made in advance of a formal hearing on the gerrymandering case, "Abbott v. Perez", which has no scheduled hearing date yet. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-supreme-court-confirms-5a4-a-temporary-stay-of-a-lower-court-ruling-which-would-have-required-texas-to-undergo-new-red.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
3. [The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June order that permits admission to the U.S. of those with a bona fide relationship. ](/news/2017/07/14/the-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling-by-hawaii-district-judge-derrick-watson-th.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
4. [The Supreme Court of the United States partially reinstates President Donald Trump's travel ban and invalidates certain injunctions that were put on the order by two federal appeals courts earlier. Final oral hearings concerning the legality of the Executive Order 13780 will be held in October 2017 at the Supreme Court. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-partially-reinstates-president-donald-trump-s-travel-ban-and-invalidates-certain-injunctions-that-wer.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
5. [The Slants win their case with the Supreme Court of the United States that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office's rejection of their trademark under the Lanham Act due to their name being "disparaging" is an unconstitutional violation of their free speech rights under the First Amendment. ](/news/2017/06/19/the-slants-win-their-case-with-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-that-the-u-s-patent-and-trademark-office-s-rejection-of-their-tradema.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
