### [2004-12-16](/news/2004/12/16/index.md)

#  Inuit leaders want to sue the U.S. government at the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights for causing global warming. They view the melting of the polar icecap in the Arctic as a threat to their existence as a people, an assault on their basic human rights. The announcement is expected today in Buenos Aires at the 10th round of international talks on climate change. 

Eskimos, or Inuit, about 155,000 seal-hunting peoples scattered around Arctic, will seek ruling from Inter-American Commission on Human Rights that US is threatening their existence by contributing substantially to global warming; people of poor areas from Arctic to tropical atolls and flanks of Himalayas, represented at talks in Buenos Aires, say they are imperiled by rising temperatures and seas caused by others, and are casting issue as one of basic human rights; commission has no enforcement powers but finding of US violation could lead to legal action (M)


### Source:

1. [Democracy Now!](http://www.democracynow.org/article.pl?sid=04/12/16/1444247)
2. [NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/2004/12/15/international/americas/15climate.html)
2. [Cover Image](https://static01.nyt.com/images/icons/t_logo_291_black.png)

### Related:

1. [The Inuit Circumpolar Conference says it hopes to petition the inter-American human rights system to rule that Inuit basic rights are being violated by global warming. They claim that the greenhouse effect, exacerbated by the failure of Russia and the USA to sign the Kyoto Protocol, will lead to the destruction of their way of life. ](/news/2003/12/11/the-inuit-circumpolar-conference-says-it-hopes-to-petition-the-inter-american-human-rights-system-to-rule-that-inuit-basic-rights-are-being.md) _Context: Human rights, Inter-American Commission on Human Rights, Inuit, global warming_
2. [At the 2010 United Nations Climate Change Conference, Google unveils an initiative using Google Earth allowing users to view the effects of deforestation, impacts and videos on global warming and climate change. ](/news/2010/12/1/at-the-2010-united-nations-climate-change-conference-google-unveils-an-initiative-using-google-earth-allowing-users-to-view-the-effects-of.md) _Context: climate change, global warming_
3. [A study conducted by Stanford University suggests that heat waves will become more common in the future, due to climate change and global warming. [http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/38154121/ns/us_news-environment/ (MSNBC)] See Climate change mitigation scenarios.](/news/2010/07/8/a-study-conducted-by-stanford-university-suggests-that-heat-waves-will-become-more-common-in-the-future-due-to-climate-change-and-global-wa.md) _Context: climate change, global warming_
4. [Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon appoints Christiana Figueres of Costa Rica to lead United Nations efforts to combat climate change and global warming. ](/news/2010/05/18/secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-appoints-christiana-figueres-of-costa-rica-to-lead-united-nations-efforts-to-combat-climate-change-and-global.md) _Context: climate change, global warming_
5. [ U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and Danish hosts urge countries on to compromise to salvage agreement on a new U.N. pact aimed at averting dangerous climate change and global warming. P:GW ](/news/2009/12/15/u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-and-danish-hosts-urge-countries-on-to-compromise-to-salvage-agreement-on-a-new-u-n-pact-aimed-at-averti.md) _Context: climate change, global warming_
6. [ Police in Denmark detain 900 people after thousands gather in Copenhagen to demand more action on climate change and global warming by leaders at the United Nations Climate Change Conference. ](/news/2009/12/12/police-in-denmark-detain-900-people-after-thousands-gather-in-copenhagen-to-demand-more-action-on-climate-change-and-global-warming-by-lead.md) _Context: climate change, global warming_
7. [ A report by the Australian government warns that global warming climate change threatens the coastal lifestyle of the country, with a prospect of a ban on coastal homes. ](/news/2009/10/27/a-report-by-the-australian-government-warns-that-global-warming-climate-change-threatens-the-coastal-lifestyle-of-the-country-with-a-prosp.md) _Context: climate change, global warming_
8. [ Global warming is accelerating rapidly in the Arctic, according to ](/news/2004/11/10/global-warming-is-accelerating-rapidly-in-the-arctic-according-to.md) _Context: Arctic, global warming_
9. [The World Health Organization says that hunger around the world has risen as a result of war and climate change. ](/news/2017/09/15/the-world-health-organization-says-that-hunger-around-the-world-has-risen-as-a-result-of-war-and-climate-change.md) _Context: climate change_
10. [Raytheon wins the dismissal of a USD$1 billion whistleblower lawsuit accusing the defense contractor of over billing the U.S. government on a contract for satellite sensors, nearly 18 months after the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit revived the case. ](/news/2017/08/3/raytheon-wins-the-dismissal-of-a-usd-1-billion-whistleblower-lawsuit-accusing-the-defense-contractor-of-over-billing-the-u-s-government-on.md) _Context: U.S. government_
