### [2015-03-22](/news/2015/03/22/index.md)

# French departmental elections, 2015: Voters in France go to the polls for the first round of voting in local government elections. Exit polls show the conservative UMP in first place, Marine Le Pen's National Front in second, with President Francois Hollande's French Socialist Party in third. 

Former president Nicolas Sarkozy&#39;s conservative UMP party and their allies lead in the first round of French local elections, denying Marine Le Pen&#39;s far-right National Front (FN) first place.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-32006268)
2. [RTE](http://www.rte.ie/news/2015/0322/688851-france-local-elections/)

### Related:

1. [French presidential election, 2017: Francois Hollande, the President of France, announces that he will not run in next year's presidential election. This leaves the selection of a candidate for the French Socialist Party wide open. ](/news/2016/12/1/french-presidential-election-2017-franassois-hollande-the-president-of-france-announces-that-he-will-not-run-in-next-year-s-presidential.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, French Socialist Party, President of France_
2. [French regional elections, 2015: With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country-s 13 regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/french-regional-elections-2015-with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-wi.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, National Front, President of France_
3. [French departmental elections, 2015: Voters in France go to the polls for local government elections with initial polling suggesting favorable results for former President Nicolas Sarkozy's UMP. ](/news/2015/03/29/french-departmental-elections-2015-voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-local-government-elections-with-initial-polling-suggesting-favorab.md) _Context: President of France, UMP, local government elections_
4. [Voters in France go to the polls for the first round of the French presidential election with Francois Hollande of the French Socialist Party and incumbent President Nicolas Sarkozy through to the second round. ](/news/2012/04/22/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-round-of-the-french-presidential-election-with-franassois-hollande-of-the-french-socialist-par.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, French Socialist Party, President of France_
5. [Politics of France: France's National Front leader Marine Le Pen is under investigation for alleged misuse of European Union funding. ](/news/2017/06/30/politics-of-france-france-s-national-front-leader-marine-le-pen-is-under-investigation-for-alleged-misuse-of-european-union-funding.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen, National Front_
6. [French presidential election, 2017: Voters in France return to the polls for a run-off, to elect either Emmanuel Macron or Marine Le Pen as the new President of France.](/news/2017/05/7/french-presidential-election-2017-voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-for-a-run-off-to-elect-either-emmanuel-macron-or-marine-le-pen-as.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen, President of France_
7. [French presidential election, 2017: Voting begins in territories and diplomatic missions west of Metropolitan France for the second round of the presidential election between Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen. ](/news/2017/05/6/french-presidential-election-2017-voting-begins-in-territories-and-diplomatic-missions-west-of-metropolitan-france-for-the-second-round-of.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen, President of France_
8. [French presidential election, 2017: Jean-Francois Jalkh, who replaced current presidential finalist Marine Le Pen as leader of the National Front, steps down from this role after three days following the reemergence of his comments questioning the logistics of Holocaust extermination camps, and is replaced by Steeve Briois. ](/news/2017/04/28/french-presidential-election-2017-jean-franassois-jalkh-who-replaced-current-presidential-finalist-marine-le-pen-as-leader-of-the-national.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen, National Front_
9. [2017 French presidential election: Presidential candidate Marine Le Pen announces she is stepping down as leader of the National Front. ](/news/2017/04/24/2017-french-presidential-election-presidential-candidate-marine-le-pen-announces-she-is-stepping-down-as-leader-of-the-national-front.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen, National Front_
10. [2017 French presidential election: Voters in France go to the polls to elect a new president; Marine Le Pen and Emmanuel Macron qualify for the second round. ](/news/2017/04/23/2017-french-presidential-election-voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-a-new-president-marine-le-pen-and-emmanuel-macron-qualify-for.md) _Context: Marine Le Pen, President of France_
