### [2015-03-22](/news/2015/03/22/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War: A Syrian Armed Forces helicopter crashes in Jabal al-Zawiya in the Idlib Governorate resulting in the death of one crew member and the capture of four. 

A Syrian government helicopter crashes in Idlib province, with four crew captured and one killed, activists say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://m.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-32009863)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: A toxic gas attack, allegedly by Syrian warplanes, kills at least 83 and injures many more in rebel-held Khan Shaykhun, Idlib. ](/news/2017/04/4/syrian-civil-war-a-toxic-gas-attack-allegedly-by-syrian-warplanes-kills-at-least-83-and-injures-many-more-in-rebel-held-khan-shaykhun-id.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a large explosion near Damascus International Airport followed by a fire. The Syrian government says Israel struck the military site with several missiles. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz states that the strike "corresponds completely with Israel's policy". ](/news/2017/04/27/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-large-explosion-near-damascus-international-airport-followed-by-a-fire.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, military_
3. [Syrian Civil War: Around 1,500-2,000 people leave al-Waer district of Homs today for their preferred destination of either Northern Homs Governorate, Idlib Governorate or Turkish Army positions in Northern Aleppo Governorate. Up to 15,000 to 20,000 people including armed militants, their families and supporters will leave the besieged district in the coming weeks with the rest of the population reconciling and receiving aid. ](/news/2017/03/18/syrian-civil-war-around-1-500-2-000-people-leave-al-waer-district-of-homs-today-for-their-preferred-destination-of-either-northern-homs-g.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that militants attacked two Syrian Armed Forces bases in Homs, killing at least 42 people, including a senior intelligence officer. ](/news/2017/02/25/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-that-militants-attacked-two-syrian-armed-forces-bases-in-homs-killing-at.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, military_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Idlib Governorate clashes (2017): Rival fighters between Tahrir al-Sham and Jund al-Aqsa clash in Syria's northern Idlib Governorate, killing "dozens" according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/02/14/syrian-civil-war-idlib-governorate-clashes-2017-rival-fighters-between-tahrir-al-sham-and-jund-al-aqsa-clash-in-syria-s-northern-idlib-g.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Battle of al-Bab: Syrian rebels and Turkish troops enter al-Bab, with Syrian troops also approaching the town, prompting heavy clashes with ISIL militants. ](/news/2017/02/11/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-al-bab-syrian-rebels-and-turkish-troops-enter-al-bab-with-syrian-troops-also-approaching-the-town-prompting-h.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, military_
7. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian opposition agrees to surrender their remaining villages in the stretch between the Wadi Barada area and the Lebanon-Syria border, as well as the Rankous border-crossing in the Qalamoun Mountains, in exchange for transportation of at least 250 rebel fighters to their stronghold in the Idlib Governorate. ](/news/2017/01/31/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-opposition-agrees-to-surrender-their-remaining-villages-in-the-stretch-between-the-wadi-barada-area-and-the-leb.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War: Battle of Aleppo (2012-16): The Syrian Army says it is now in full control of the city of Aleppo following the evacuation of the last group of rebels to the Idlib Governorate. ](/news/2016/12/22/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-aleppo-2012-16-the-syrian-army-says-it-is-now-in-full-control-of-the-city-of-aleppo-following-the-evacuatio.md) _Context: Idlib, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War: Aleppo offensive (November 2016): Syrian government forces and Kurdish People's Protection Units capture more than a third of rebel-controlled eastern Aleppo. ](/news/2016/11/28/syrian-civil-war-aleppo-offensive-november-2016-syrian-government-forces-and-kurdish-people-s-protection-units-capture-more-than-a-third.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, military_
10. [Syrian Civil War: Aleppo offensive (November 2016): Government forces have captured most of Hanano, the largest rebel-controlled district in eastern Aleppo, and have begun pushing into neighboring 'Ard Al-Hamra and Jabal Badro districts. ](/news/2016/11/26/syrian-civil-war-aleppo-offensive-november-2016-government-forces-have-captured-most-of-hanano-the-largest-rebel-controlled-district-in.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, military_
