### [2015-03-22](/news/2015/03/22/index.md)

# The United Nations Security Council meets to discuss the deteriorating security situation in Yemen as the United States removes all remaining personnel. 

The U.S. has removed all remaining personnel from Yemen as Shiite rebels controlling the country’s capital called for others to join its battle against government forces.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://m.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-32006727)
2. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2015/03/22/us-removes-remaining-personnel-from-yemen/)
2. [Cover Image](http://a57.foxnews.com/media2.foxnews.com/2015/03/22/0/0/032215_ff_yemen_640.jpg?ve=1)

### Related:

1. [The United States and the United Kingdom call for, "within hours," an immediate and unconditional ceasefire in Yemen to end the violence following last week's Saudi airstrikes, based on bad information, that killed around 140 people. ](/news/2016/10/16/the-united-states-and-the-united-kingdom-call-for-within-hours-an-immediate-and-unconditional-ceasefire-in-yemen-to-end-the-violence-fol.md) _Context: U.S., Yemen, Yemeni Crisis_
2. [The Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) and the United States agree to carry out joint naval patrols to prevent Iranian arms shipments reaching Yemen, the Gulf bloc's secretary general Abdullatif bin Rashid Al Zayani said on Wednesday, following a meeting with United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. Iran denies it supplies weapons to the Houthis in Yemen. ](/news/2016/04/20/the-gulf-cooperation-council-gcc-and-the-united-states-agree-to-carry-out-joint-naval-patrols-to-prevent-iranian-arms-shipments-reaching-y.md) _Context: U.S., Yemen, Yemeni Crisis_
3. [The United Nations Security Council expressed "deep concern" at the number of violations of Yemen's ceasefire. U.N. envoys warned that a fledgling peace process was hanging by a thread, and that Yemen faces permanent fragmentation if the conflict is not ended soon. ](/news/2015/12/23/the-united-nations-security-council-expressed-adeep-concerna-at-the-number-of-violations-of-yemenas-ceasefire-u-n-envoys-warned-that.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council, Yemen, Yemeni Crisis_
4. [Houthi forces claim to have shot down a U.S. MQ-9 Reaper drone over the Yemeni capital Sana'a. Footage released by Saba News Agency appears to show crowds gathering around the wreckage of an aircraft. ](/news/2017/10/1/houthi-forces-claim-to-have-shot-down-a-u-s-mq-9-reaper-drone-over-the-yemeni-capital-sana-a-footage-released-by-saba-news-agency-appears.md) _Context: U.S., Yemen_
5. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: U.S., United Nations Security Council_
6. [Yemen reassesses its permission to the United States to run special operations ground missions against suspected terrorist groups because of the civilian deaths in the January 29 raid. Earlier reports indicated permission had been suspended. [https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/07/world/middleeast/yemen-special-operations-missions.html?_r=0 ("The New York Times")] [https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/08/world/middleeast/yemen-raid-american-military.html ("The New York Times")2]](/news/2017/02/8/yemen-reassesses-its-permission-to-the-united-states-to-run-special-operations-ground-missions-against-suspected-terrorist-groups-because-of.md) _Context: U.S., Yemen_
7. [A U.S. military raid takes place in Yemen's southern Al Bayda Governorate. According to medics on the scene as reported by Reuters, "around 30" were killed, among which were at least three senior Al-Qaeda members, at least one U.S. service member, and 10 women and children. ](/news/2017/01/29/a-u-s-military-raid-takes-place-in-yemen-s-southern-al-bayda-governorate-according-to-medics-on-the-scene-as-reported-by-reuters-around.md) _Context: U.S., Yemen_
8. [The United States Ambassador to the United Nations Samantha Power abstains from voting in a 14-0 Security Council decision condemning Israeli settlement of the Palestinian territories. ](/news/2016/12/23/the-united-states-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-samantha-power-abstains-from-voting-in-a-14a0-security-council-decision-condemning-isra.md) _Context: U.S., United Nations Security Council_
9. [The United States is to limit military support to Saudi Arabia's military intervention in Yemen amid concerns over rising civilian casualties. ](/news/2016/12/13/the-united-states-is-to-limit-military-support-to-saudi-arabia-s-military-intervention-in-yemen-amid-concerns-over-rising-civilian-casualtie.md) _Context: U.S., Yemen_
10. [France seeks United States and Russian support for a Security Council resolution to impose a new truce that will allow aid into Aleppo, which has experienced two weeks of heavy Syrian and Russian bombing of rebel-held areas. ](/news/2016/10/5/france-seeks-united-states-and-russian-support-for-a-security-council-resolution-to-impose-a-new-truce-that-will-allow-aid-into-aleppo-whic.md) _Context: U.S., United Nations Security Council_
