### [2006-06-3](/news/2006/06/3/index.md)

#  In response to his million dollar bill gospel tracts being seized from The Great News Network by the United States Secret Service, Ray Comfort, founder of Living Waters Publications, states that he will refuse to turn over his supply of tracts without a warrant. 




### Source:

1. [WorldNetDaily](http://worldnetdaily.com/news/article.asp?ARTICLE_ID=50497)

### Related:

1. [ A number of fake million dollar bill gospel tracts, printed by Living Waters Publications, are seized from The Great News Network by the United States Secret Service as possible counterfeits. ](/news/2006/06/1/a-number-of-fake-million-dollar-bill-gospel-tracts-printed-by-living-waters-publications-are-seized-from-the-great-news-network-by-the-un.md) _Context: Living Waters Publications, The Great News Network, United States Secret Service, gospel tracts, million dollar bill_
2. [United States presidential election, 2016 timeline: Stop Trump movement: A false alarm leads to Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump being rushed off stage by United States Secret Service agents at a campaign rally in Reno, Nevada. A man, reportedly carrying a gun, was escorted out of the venue by security officers shortly following the incident; however, further inspection revealed no weapons on his person. The man was brandishing a "Republicans against Trump" sign.](/news/2016/11/5/united-states-presidential-election-2016-timeline-stop-trump-movement-a-false-alarm-leads-to-republican-presidential-nominee-donald-trump.md) _Context: United States Secret Service_
3. [A United States Secret Service officer shoots an armed man on a street near the White House after the man allegedly approached the officer and refused to drop his weapon. The White House is locked down. ](/news/2016/05/20/a-united-states-secret-service-officer-shoots-an-armed-man-on-a-street-near-the-white-house-after-the-man-allegedly-approached-the-officer-a.md) _Context: United States Secret Service_
4. [The United States Secret Service says only law enforcement officers will be allowed to have guns inside the Republican National Convention to be held in the Cleveland, Ohio, arena on July 18-21, 2016; responding to an online petition demanding Quicken Loans Arena revoke its ban on open carrying of firearms. ](/news/2016/03/28/the-united-states-secret-service-says-only-law-enforcement-officers-will-be-allowed-to-have-guns-inside-the-republican-national-convention-t.md) _Context: United States Secret Service_
5. [Donald Trump presidential campaign, 2016: The FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force, United States Secret Service and New York City Police Department are investigating a letter containing a suspicious white powder and a threatening note which was sent to the home of Eric Trump, son of Donald Trump, in New York City. The handwritten note within the letter said: "If your father does not drop out of the race, the next envelope won't be a fake." It was signed "X". ](/news/2016/03/18/donald-trump-presidential-campaign-2016-the-fbi-s-joint-terrorism-task-force-united-states-secret-service-and-new-york-city-police-depart.md) _Context: United States Secret Service_
6. [Donald Trump presidential campaign, 2016: A protestor attempts to storm the stage as Donald Trump was talking at a rally in Dayton, Ohio, causing Secret Service agents to jump on the stage and form a wall around the presidential candidate amid the chaos. The suspect was identified as Thomas Dimassimo, 32, and was charged with disorderly conduct and inducing panic, according to Chief Mike Etter of the Dayton Police Department. Dimassimo is a Black Lives Matter activist. ](/news/2016/03/12/donald-trump-presidential-campaign-2016-a-protestor-attempts-to-storm-the-stage-as-donald-trump-was-talking-at-a-rally-in-dayton-ohio-ca.md) _Context: United States Secret Service_
7. [A Metropolitan Police Department of the District of Columbia report reveals that an agent with the Presidential Protective Service of the United States Secret Service had his weapon, shield, and other professional equipage stolen from his vehicle in broad daylight in downtown Washington, D.C. ](/news/2015/12/23/a-metropolitan-police-department-of-the-district-of-columbia-report-reveals-that-an-agent-with-the-presidential-protective-service-of-the-un.md) _Context: United States Secret Service_
8. [The US Secret Service locks down the White House after a loud noise (later revealed to be a burned-out souvenir truck) is heard on the South Lawn, moments before U.S. President Barack Obama and his family were due to take off by helicopter. He and his family were not yet on the South Lawn when the noise was heard. ](/news/2015/03/7/the-us-secret-service-locks-down-the-white-house-after-a-loud-noise-later-revealed-to-be-a-burned-out-souvenir-truck-is-heard-on-the-south.md) _Context: United States Secret Service_
9. [The U.S. Secret Service recovers a flying drone from the lawn at the White House. ](/news/2015/01/26/the-u-s-secret-service-recovers-a-flying-drone-from-the-lawn-at-the-white-house.md) _Context: United States Secret Service_
10. [A United States Secret Service report outlines numerous security failures that enabled Omar Gonzalez to enter the White House. ](/news/2014/11/13/a-united-states-secret-service-report-outlines-numerous-security-failures-that-enabled-omar-gonzalez-to-enter-the-white-house.md) _Context: United States Secret Service_
