### [2006-06-3](/news/2006/06/3/index.md)

#  Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, while continuing to maintain that his country has the right to continue development on their nuclear technology, says that he "will not pass judgment on the proposals hastily," referring to the incentives package being offered by the US, Russia, United Kingdom, Germany, France and China in order to dissuade Iran from further nuclear development. 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/newsarticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyid=2006-06-03T212127Z_01_L13443169_RTRUKOC_0_US-NUCLEAR-IRAN.xml&src=rss&rpc=22)

### Related:

1. [Corruption in Iran: Former Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad faces sentences on seven verdicts of misusing billions of dollars in government funds while in office, the Supreme Audit Court public prosecutor said. If confirmed, Ahmadinejad will be barred from public office for seven years. ](/news/2017/07/30/corruption-in-iran-former-iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-faces-sentences-on-seven-verdicts-of-misusing-billions-of-dollars-in-govern.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
2. [Iranian presidential election, 2017: Guardian Council announces names of six final candidates. Incumbent President Hassan Rouhani, chairman of Astan Quds Razavi Ebrahim Raisi and Tehran Mayor Mohammad Bagher Ghalibaf is among the list. More than 1,600 nominees were disqualified, including all 137 female candidates and former president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. ](/news/2017/04/20/iranian-presidential-election-2017-guardian-council-announces-names-of-six-final-candidates-incumbent-president-hassan-rouhani-chairman.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
3. [Iranian presidential election, 2017: Former Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad registers to run in next month's election for a non-consecutive third term, according to state media. ](/news/2017/04/12/iranian-presidential-election-2017-former-iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-registers-to-run-in-next-month-s-election-for-a-non-consec.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
4. [Iranian presidential election, 2017: Former President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad declines to run for a third term in the upcoming election. Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has previously advised Ahmadinejad to not seek the presidency next year. ](/news/2016/09/27/iranian-presidential-election-2017-former-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-declines-to-run-for-a-third-term-in-the-upcoming-election-ayatoll.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
5. [The new Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad-Javad Zarif says Iran doesn't deny the Holocaust. "The man who was perceived to be denying it is now gone. Happy New Year," he adds. ](/news/2013/09/5/the-new-iranian-foreign-minister-mohammad-javad-zarif-says-iran-doesn-t-deny-the-holocaust-the-man-who-was-perceived-to-be-denying-it-is-n.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
6. [Iranian presidential election:: Candidates hold a third and final televised debate, giving their plans on domestic and foreign policies and also criticizing Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's nuclear and human rights policies. ](/news/2013/06/7/iranian-presidential-election-candidates-hold-a-third-and-final-televised-debate-giving-their-plans-on-domestic-and-foreign-policies-and.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
7. [Iran's former nuclear negotiator Hassan Rouhani enters the race to succeed President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, accusing the incumbent of needlessly incurring crippling economic sanctions. ](/news/2013/04/12/iran-s-former-nuclear-negotiator-hassan-rouhani-enters-the-race-to-succeed-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-accusing-the-incumbent-of-needless.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
8. [Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad travels to Egypt. It is the first time since 1979 revolution that an Iranian head of state visits that country. ](/news/2013/02/5/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-travels-to-egypt-it-is-the-first-time-since-1979-revolution-that-an-iranian-head-of-state-visits-that.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
9. [The President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad announces his desire of becoming the first Iranian astronaut after the successful launching and returning of a monkey sent by its national scientific space program. ](/news/2013/02/4/the-president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-announces-his-desire-of-becoming-the-first-iranian-astronaut-after-the-successful-launching-and-re.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
10. [Marzieh Vahid-Dastjerdi, the only female minister ever appointed in the Islamic Republic of Iran, is sacked after a dispute with President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad. ](/news/2012/12/27/marzieh-vahid-dastjerdi-the-only-female-minister-ever-appointed-in-the-islamic-republic-of-iran-is-sacked-after-a-dispute-with-president-o.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
