### [2017-05-12](/news/2017/05/12/index.md)

# A large scale international cyber-attack using the WannaCry ransomware package disrupts computer and telephone systems in thousands of cases across 99 countries. Affected organisations include: England's NHS, with doctors reporting messages demanding money; MegaFon and Sberbank in Russia; Telefonica, Iberdrola, and Gas Natural in Spain; and FedEx. 

Patient data at many GP surgeries and hospitals has been encrypted by ransomware and cannot be accessed by staff.


### Source:

1. [AP/Reuters via ABC Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2017-05-13/global-cyber-attack-hits-hospitals,-telecommunications/8523102)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/health-39899646)

### Related:

1. [David Triesman, Baron Triesman resigns as chairman of The Football Association as well as England's 2018 FIFA World Cup bid after his "entrapment" by ''The Mail on Sunday'' in which he suggested Spain could drop its bid if Russia bribed referees at the 2010 FIFA World Cup next month. ](/news/2010/05/16/david-triesman-baron-triesman-resigns-as-chairman-of-the-football-association-as-well-as-england-s-2018-fifa-world-cup-bid-after-his-entra.md) _Context: England, Russia, Spain_
2. [The Obama administration formally accuses the Russian government of cyber attacks against the U.S. Democratic Party in influencing presidential election. ](/news/2016/10/7/the-obama-administration-formally-accuses-the-russian-government-of-cyber-attacks-against-the-u-s-democratic-party-in-influencing-president.md) _Context: Russia, cyber-attack_
3. [Russia withdraws a request to refuel three of its warships, including the flagship of the Russian Navy, ''Admiral Kuznetsov'', en route to Syria, at the Spanish port of Ceuta following NATO pressure on the Spanish government to not allow the warships to dock. ](/news/2016/10/26/russia-withdraws-a-request-to-refuel-three-of-its-warships-including-the-flagship-of-the-russian-navy-admiral-kuznetsov-en-route-to-s.md) _Context: Russia, Spain_
4. [A Spanish judge issues an arrest warrant for various individuals with links to organized crime from Russia. The list also includes former and current officials of the Russian government with close links to Russian President Vladimir Putin. Prominent officials include former Defense Minister Anatoliy Serdyukov and former Prime Minister Viktor Zubkov. The charges range from money laundering to assassination. ](/news/2016/05/3/a-spanish-judge-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-various-individuals-with-links-to-organized-crime-from-russia-the-list-also-includes-former-an.md) _Context: Russia, Spain_
5. [Exiled Russian business oligarch Boris Berezovsky is found dead at his home in Surrey, England. ](/news/2013/03/23/exiled-russian-business-oligarch-boris-berezovsky-is-found-dead-at-his-home-in-surrey-england.md) _Context: England, Russia_
6. [Spain and Russia each expel two diplomats on suspicion of spying in a tit-for-tat row. ](/news/2010/12/28/spain-and-russia-each-expel-two-diplomats-on-suspicion-of-spying-in-a-tit-for-tat-row.md) _Context: Russia, Spain_
7. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Russia_
8. [The U.S. Attorney's Office in Alexandria, Virginia thru U.S. Attorney Dana Boente issues subpoenas to former National Security Advisor Michael T. Flynn to assess the extent of his ties to Russia. ](/news/2017/05/10/the-u-s-attorney-s-office-in-alexandria-virginia-thru-u-s-attorney-dana-boente-issues-subpoenas-to-former-national-security-advisor-micha.md) _Context: Russia_
9. [Russian authorities discover and deactivate an explosive device in a Saint Petersburg flat, during ongoing raids occurring in response to the bombing. ](/news/2017/04/6/russian-authorities-discover-and-deactivate-an-explosive-device-in-a-saint-petersburg-flat-during-ongoing-raids-occurring-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Russia_
10. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The ''Novaya Gazeta'' newspaper  reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: Russia_
