### [2017-05-12](/news/2017/05/12/index.md)

# In an alleged case of abuse of power, a United Airlines worker has canceled a passanger's flight ticket because the passager was recording a baggage fee dispute with a smartphone. This incident follows just one month after the United Express Flight 3411 incident. Officials have later apologized for the incident. 

“I guess @united harassment isn&#39;t limited to the unfriendly skies. #unacceptable #united #lackofcustomerservice https://t.co/A5P6A8XJjC”


### Source:

1. [Twitter](https://twitter.com/Navang25/status/861685165747077121)

### Related:

1. [A United Airlines passenger is dragged off a flight at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago. The airline company is under fire because of the mistreatment of the passenger. ](/news/2017/04/9/a-united-airlines-passenger-is-dragged-off-a-flight-at-o-hare-international-airport-in-chicago-the-airline-company-is-under-fire-because-of.md) _Context: United Airlines, United Express Flight 3411 incident_
2. [United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz issues an apology for the removal of a passenger from an overbooked flight on April 9, which has since gone viral. United Airlines stock drops more than 4%, a loss of PS800 million to the company's value. ](/news/2017/04/11/united-airlines-ceo-oscar-munoz-issues-an-apology-for-the-removal-of-a-passenger-from-an-overbooked-flight-on-april-9-which-has-since-gone.md) _Context: United Airlines, United Express Flight 3411 incident_
3. [Citing security concerns because of recent terrorist activity, the American and British governments impose a ban affecting inbound-passengers flying from much of the Middle East and North Africa. The ban includes airplane cabin passenger-accessible items such as laptops,  tablets, and other electronic devices which are larger than a smartphone. Larger such electronic devices will still be allowed on board in checked baggage which is thus more closely screened and passenger-inaccessible. ](/news/2017/03/21/citing-security-concerns-because-of-recent-terrorist-activity-the-american-and-british-governments-impose-a-ban-affecting-inbound-passenger.md) _Context: smartphone_
4. [United Airlines Flight 880 makes an emergency landing at Shannon Airport in the Republic of Ireland due to "severe and unexpected turbulence". At least 12 people are hospitalized. ](/news/2016/08/31/united-airlines-flight-880-makes-an-emergency-landing-at-shannon-airport-in-the-republic-of-ireland-due-to-severe-and-unexpected-turbulence.md) _Context: United Airlines_
5. [The United States tentatively approves eight, of 12 that applied, airlines for flights from 10 U.S. cities to Havana as early as this fall: Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, Frontier Airlines, JetBlue Airways, Southwest Airlines, Spirit Airlines, and United Airlines. Last month, flights were approved from five U.S. cities to nine other international airports. ](/news/2016/07/7/the-united-states-tentatively-approves-eight-of-12-that-applied-airlines-for-flights-from-10-u-s-cities-to-havana-as-early-as-this-fall.md) _Context: United Airlines_
6. [''Smart Sheriff'', the most widely used child surveillance mobile app in South Korea, is pulled from the market after specialists raised serious concerns about the program's safety. Security experts say its programming left the door wide open to hackers and put the personal information of some 380,000 users at risk. The country's April 2015 law requires all new smartphones sold to those 18 and under have software parents can use to monitor their kids' social media activity. ](/news/2015/11/1/smart-sheriff-the-most-widely-used-child-surveillance-mobile-app-in-south-korea-is-pulled-from-the-market-after-specialists-raised-ser.md) _Context: smartphone_
7. [A shooting just before midnight at the ninth annual Fort Myers, Florida, Zombicon kills one person and injures four others, none with life threatening injuries, and causes pandemomium on the city's downtown streets. Police ask attendees to share smartphone video from the incident. ](/news/2015/10/17/a-shooting-just-before-midnight-at-the-ninth-annual-fort-myers-florida-zombicon-kills-one-person-and-injures-four-others-none-with-life-t.md) _Context: smartphone_
8. [Jeff Smisek resigns as CEO of United Airlines due to allegations that he tried to improperly influence officials at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. ](/news/2015/09/8/jeff-smisek-resigns-as-ceo-of-united-airlines-due-to-allegations-that-he-tried-to-improperly-influence-officials-at-the-port-authority-of-ne.md) _Context: United Airlines_
9. [A ground stop of all U.S. airport-based United Airlines (UAL) mainline flights following a system-wide network connectivity issue is lifted after a 1 hour, 21 minute suspension of morning service. The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), which is also investigating, says all of United Continental Holdings Inc. regional airlines are now unaffected. This follows a similar issue on June 2, 2015 due to automation problems. ](/news/2015/07/8/a-ground-stop-of-all-u-s-airport-based-united-airlines-ual-mainline-flights-following-a-system-wide-network-connectivity-issue-is-lifted.md) _Context: United Airlines_
10. [Nokia unveils Nokia X, an Android-based smartphone, at the Mobile World Congress in Barcelona. ](/news/2014/02/24/nokia-unveils-nokia-x-an-android-based-smartphone-at-the-mobile-world-congress-in-barcelona.md) _Context: smartphone_
