### [2017-05-12](/news/2017/05/12/index.md)

# Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn criticises British Prime Minister Theresa May of being complicit towards a foreign leader. 

All the day’s campaign news, as Labour leader announces return to ‘ethical foreign policy’ and Theresa May takes the Tory battlebus to northeast England


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/politics/live/2017/may/12/general-election-2017-no-more-handholding-trump-corbyn-politics-live)

### Related:

1. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: Labour, Prime Minister, Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
2. [The Communist Party of Britain announces it will not field any candidates in the upcoming general election for the first time since its formation in 1920, and endorses Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, saying victory for Mr Corbyn at the general election in June would be "the first step towards a formation of left-led government at Westminster". ](/news/2017/04/24/the-communist-party-of-britain-announces-it-will-not-field-any-candidates-in-the-upcoming-general-election-for-the-first-time-since-its-form.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn, Labour, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
3. [Conservative politician Theresa May accuses European Union officials of trying to influence the upcoming elections. ](/news/2017/05/3/conservative-politician-theresa-may-accuses-european-union-officials-of-trying-to-influence-the-upcoming-elections.md) _Context: Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
4. [Conservative leader Theresa May states she will be a "bloody difficult woman" in her negotiations with Jean-Claude Juncker regarding the rights of EU nationals after Brexit. ](/news/2017/05/2/conservative-leader-theresa-may-states-she-will-be-a-bloody-difficult-woman-in-her-negotiations-with-jean-claude-juncker-regarding-the-rig.md) _Context: Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
5. [Jeremy Corbyn, the leader of the opposition Labour Party, positions himself as an "anti-establishment" candidate as he vows to end the "rigged" system. ](/news/2017/04/20/jeremy-corbyn-the-leader-of-the-opposition-labour-party-positions-himself-as-an-anti-establishment-candidate-as-he-vows-to-end-the-rigg.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
6. [British Prime Minister Theresa May signs a letter invoking Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. Its notification to the European Council tomorrow will formally begin the UK's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2017/03/28/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-signs-a-letter-invoking-article-50-of-the-treaty-on-european-union-its-notification-to-the-european-coun.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Theresa May_
7. [British Prime Minister Theresa May announces that her government will trigger article 50, which begins the process of withdrawing from the European Union, on March 29. ](/news/2017/03/20/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-announces-that-her-government-will-trigger-article-50-which-begins-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-the-e.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Theresa May_
8. [UK Prime Minister Theresa May and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sign a PS100 million defense deal to build new fighter jets. Under the deal, BAE Systems will collaborate with Turkish companies to build the TAI TFX. ](/news/2017/01/28/uk-prime-minister-theresa-may-and-turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-sign-a-aps100-million-defense-deal-to-build-new-fighter-jets-under.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Theresa May_
9. [British Prime Minister  Theresa May meets with U.S. President Donald Trump at the White House in Washington, D.C.. This is the first visit by a foreign leader since Trump's inauguration last Friday. ](/news/2017/01/27/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-meets-with-u-s-president-donald-trump-at-the-white-house-in-washington-d-c-this-is-the-first-visit-b.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Theresa May_
10. [After much speculation British Prime Minister  Theresa May announces that the United Kingdom will be leaving the European Single Market. ](/news/2017/01/17/after-much-speculation-british-prime-minister-theresa-may-announces-that-the-united-kingdom-will-be-leaving-the-european-single-market.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Theresa May_
