### [2017-05-12](/news/2017/05/12/index.md)

# Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn criticises British Prime Minister Theresa May for being complicit with U.S. President Donald Trump. 

All the day’s campaign news, as Labour leader announces return to ‘ethical foreign policy’ and Theresa May takes the Tory battlebus to northeast England


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/politics/live/2017/may/12/general-election-2017-no-more-handholding-trump-corbyn-politics-live)

### Related:

1. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: Labour, Prime Minister, Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
2. [British Prime Minister  Theresa May meets with U.S. President Donald Trump at the White House in Washington, D.C.. This is the first visit by a foreign leader since Trump's inauguration last Friday. ](/news/2017/01/27/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-meets-with-u-s-president-donald-trump-at-the-white-house-in-washington-d-c-this-is-the-first-visit-b.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Prime Minister, Theresa May, U.S. President_
3. [The Communist Party of Britain announces it will not field any candidates in the upcoming general election for the first time since its formation in 1920, and endorses Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, saying victory for Mr Corbyn at the general election in June would be "the first step towards a formation of left-led government at Westminster". ](/news/2017/04/24/the-communist-party-of-britain-announces-it-will-not-field-any-candidates-in-the-upcoming-general-election-for-the-first-time-since-its-form.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn, Labour, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
4. [U.S. President Donald Trump removes James Comey as Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, with Andrew G. McCabe stepping in as acting director. ](/news/2017/05/9/u-s-president-donald-trump-removes-james-comey-as-director-of-the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-with-andrew-g-mccabe-stepping-in-as-act.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
5. [Conservative politician Theresa May accuses European Union officials of trying to influence the upcoming elections. ](/news/2017/05/3/conservative-politician-theresa-may-accuses-european-union-officials-of-trying-to-influence-the-upcoming-elections.md) _Context: Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
6. [Conservative leader Theresa May states she will be a "bloody difficult woman" in her negotiations with Jean-Claude Juncker regarding the rights of EU nationals after Brexit. ](/news/2017/05/2/conservative-leader-theresa-may-states-she-will-be-a-bloody-difficult-woman-in-her-negotiations-with-jean-claude-juncker-regarding-the-rig.md) _Context: Theresa May, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
7. [U.S. President Donald Trump contemplates sending 5,000 more troops to Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/05/10/u-s-president-donald-trump-contemplates-sending-5-000-more-troops-to-afghanistan.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
8. [The 2017 White House Correspondents' Dinner is held while Donald Trump decides not to attend, becoming the first incumbent president to do so since Ronald Reagan, who did not attend the dinner while recovering from a 1981 assassination attempt. ](/news/2017/04/29/the-2017-white-house-correspondents-dinner-is-held-while-donald-trump-decides-not-to-attend-becoming-the-first-incumbent-president-to-do-s.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
9. [Jeremy Corbyn, the leader of the opposition Labour Party, positions himself as an "anti-establishment" candidate as he vows to end the "rigged" system. ](/news/2017/04/20/jeremy-corbyn-the-leader-of-the-opposition-labour-party-positions-himself-as-an-anti-establishment-candidate-as-he-vows-to-end-the-rigg.md) _Context: Jeremy Corbyn, United Kingdom general election, 2017_
10. [U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyers tell a federal court, in a case alleging negligence and incitement to riot during a 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, that he is "immune from suit because he is President of the United States." A lawyer for the plaintiffs responds that, in ''Clinton v. Jones'', the Supreme Court found the president could be sued for events that occurred before he took office. ](/news/2017/04/15/u-s-president-donald-trump-s-lawyers-tell-a-federal-court-in-a-case-alleging-negligence-and-incitement-to-riot-during-a-2016-campaign-rall.md) _Context: Donald Trump, U.S. President_
