### [2017-05-12](/news/2017/05/12/index.md)

# WannaCry ransomware attack: A large scale international cyber-attack using the WannaCry ransomware package disrupts computer and telephone systems in thousands of cases across 99 countries. Affected organisations include: England's NHS, with doctors reporting messages demanding money; MegaFon and Sberbank in Russia; Telefonica, Iberdrola, and Gas Natural in Spain; and FedEx. 

Patient data at many GP surgeries and hospitals has been encrypted by ransomware and cannot be accessed by staff.


### Source:

1. [AP/Reuters via ABC Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2017-05-13/global-cyber-attack-hits-hospitals,-telecommunications/8523102)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/health-39899646)

### Related:

1. [David Triesman, Baron Triesman resigns as chairman of The Football Association as well as England's 2018 FIFA World Cup bid after his "entrapment" by "The Mail on Sunday" in which he suggested Spain could drop its bid if Russia bribed referees at the 2010 FIFA World Cup next month. ](/news/2010/05/16/david-triesman-baron-triesman-resigns-as-chairman-of-the-football-association-as-well-as-england-s-2018-fifa-world-cup-bid-after-his-entra.md) _Context: England, Russia, Spain_
2. [WannaCry ransomware attack: A ransomware cyberattack continues to infect computers of private and public organisations around the world, and demand payment in bitcoin. The method used by the program, EternalBlue, was originally developed by the National Security Agency to exploit a vulnerability in Microsoft Windows, and was leaked by The Shadow Brokers in April. ](/news/2017/05/13/wannacry-ransomware-attack-a-ransomware-cyberattack-continues-to-infect-computers-of-private-and-public-organisations-around-the-world-and.md) _Context: WannaCry ransomware attack, ransomware_
3. [Russia-United States relations: Democratic National Committee cyber attacks: The Obama administration formally accuses the Russian government of cyber attacks against the U.S. Democratic Party in influencing presidential election. ](/news/2016/10/7/russia-united-states-relations-democratic-national-committee-cyber-attacks-the-obama-administration-formally-accuses-the-russian-governm.md) _Context: Russia, cyber-attack_
4. [NATO-Russia relations: Russia withdraws a request to refuel three of its warships, including the flagship of the Russian Navy, "Admiral Kuznetsov", en route to Syria, at the Spanish port of Ceuta following NATO pressure on the Spanish government to not allow the warships to dock. ](/news/2016/10/26/nato-russia-relations-russia-withdraws-a-request-to-refuel-three-of-its-warships-including-the-flagship-of-the-russian-navy-admiral-ku.md) _Context: Russia, Spain_
5. [Russia-Spain relations: A Spanish judge issues an arrest warrant for various individuals with links to organized crime from Russia. The list also includes former and current officials of the Russian government with close links to Russian President Vladimir Putin. Prominent officials include former Defense Minister Anatoliy Serdyukov and former Prime Minister Viktor Zubkov. The charges range from money laundering to assassination. ](/news/2016/05/3/russia-spain-relations-a-spanish-judge-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-various-individuals-with-links-to-organized-crime-from-russia-the-li.md) _Context: Russia, Spain_
6. [Exiled Russian business oligarch Boris Berezovsky is found dead at his home in Surrey, England. ](/news/2013/03/23/exiled-russian-business-oligarch-boris-berezovsky-is-found-dead-at-his-home-in-surrey-england.md) _Context: England, Russia_
7. [Spain and Russia each expel two diplomats on suspicion of spying in a tit-for-tat row. ](/news/2010/12/28/spain-and-russia-each-expel-two-diplomats-on-suspicion-of-spying-in-a-tit-for-tat-row.md) _Context: Russia, Spain_
8. [Syrian Civil War: Central Syria campaign (July 2017-present): A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/syrian-civil-war-central-syria-campaign-july-2017-present-a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kill.md) _Context: Russia_
9. [GTA gang: Three so-called GTA gang members are shot dead and four others are wounded, including two guards, at a courthouse in Moscow, Russia, after they attempted to escape. ](/news/2017/08/1/gta-gang-three-so-called-gta-gang-members-are-shot-dead-and-four-others-are-wounded-including-two-guards-at-a-courthouse-in-moscow-russi.md) _Context: Russia_
10. [European migrant crisis: Approximately fifty migrants are feared drowned off the coast of Morocco. Three men were rescued near Alboran Island near the coast of Spain. ](/news/2017/07/4/european-migrant-crisis-approximately-fifty-migrants-are-feared-drowned-off-the-coast-of-morocco-three-men-were-rescued-near-alboran-islan.md) _Context: Spain_
