### [2011-09-7](/news/2011/09/7/index.md)

# Tropical Storm Lee remnants in the northeastern United States:Ten thousand people are ordered to evacuate in Broome County in the US state of New York due to flooding of the Chenango River and  the Susquehanna River. 

Dozens of districts closed schools early due to flooding, power outages and concerns about bus transportation.


### Source:

1. [Patriot News](http://www.pennlive.com/midstate/index.ssf/2011/09/central_pennsylvania_schools_c.html)
2. [Press Connects](http://www.pressconnects.com/apps/pbcs.dll/article?AID=/20110907/NEWS01/109070414/Fearing-worst-Flooding-could-surpass-2006)
3. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/capital-weather-gang?tid=sm_twitter_washingtonpost)

### Related:

1. [2011 Northeastern United States floods following Tropical Storm Lee:The National Weather Service issues flash flooding warnings for the states of New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Maryland and Virginia. ](/news/2011/09/8/2011-northeastern-united-states-floods-following-tropical-storm-lee-pthe-national-weather-service-issues-flash-flooding-warnings-for-the-sta.md) _Context: New York, Northeastern United States, Tropical Storm Lee_
2. [A winter storm hits the Northeastern United States, resulting in at least two deaths and thousands of flights being disrupted. Pennsylvania, New Jersey, and New York are amongst the worst affected. ](/news/2014/02/3/a-winter-storm-hits-the-northeastern-united-states-resulting-in-at-least-two-deaths-and-thousands-of-flights-being-disrupted-pennsylvania.md) _Context: New York, Northeastern United States_
3. [ A nor'easter in the northeastern United States causes flooding and disrupts travel in the region. One person is killed in a tornado in North Carolina and two people die in weather-related car accidents in New York and Connecticut. ](/news/2007/04/15/a-nor-easter-in-the-northeastern-united-states-causes-flooding-and-disrupts-travel-in-the-region-one-person-is-killed-in-a-tornado-in-nort.md) _Context: New York, Northeastern United States_
4. [ Up to 200,000 people in the Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania area of the northeast United States are ordered to evacuate their homes due to the rising level of the Susquehanna River. 46 of 67 of Pennsylvania's counties are under a state of emergency. Extensive flooding is also occurring in surrounding states, including New York, where Governor George Pataki states "This is the worst flooding by far I've seen in my 12 years as governor." Governor Jon Corzine declares his entire state under a state of emergency. ](/news/2006/06/28/up-to-200-000-people-in-the-wilkes-barre-pennsylvania-area-of-the-northeast-united-states-are-ordered-to-evacuate-their-homes-due-to-the-r.md) _Context: New York, Susquehanna River_
5. [Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-registration-data-from-president-d.md) _Context: New York_
6. [The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-expands-beyond-ohio-with-the.md) _Context: New York_
7. [Starting this spring, the state of New York will offer free four-year public college tuition for residents whose families make less than $100,000, the first state in the country to do so. ](/news/2017/04/10/starting-this-spring-the-state-of-new-york-will-offer-free-four-year-public-college-tuition-for-residents-whose-families-make-less-than-10.md) _Context: New York_
8. [The destruction from snow fall kills six people and leaves over 100,000 others without electricity, with some areas in the Northeastern United States receiving over 4|feet|meters of snow. ](/news/2017/03/14/the-destruction-from-snow-fall-kills-six-people-and-leaves-over-100-000-others-without-electricity-with-some-areas-in-the-northeastern-unit.md) _Context: Northeastern United States_
9. [The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to  stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-asks-a-federal-judge-to-stop-o.md) _Context: New York_
10. [A major blizzard hits the northeastern United States, cancelling more than 2,400 flights. ](/news/2017/02/9/a-major-blizzard-hits-the-northeastern-united-states-cancelling-more-than-2-400-flights.md) _Context: Northeastern United States_
