### [2003-09-17](/news/2003/09/17/index.md)

#  LGBT rights in Canada: The Canadian House of Commons passes a private member's bill brought by NDP MP Svend Robinson, including protection for sexual orientation in the existing law on hate propaganda.




### Related:

1. [Dutch populist politician Geert Wilders is convicted for hate speech. ](/news/2016/12/9/dutch-populist-politician-geert-wilders-is-convicted-for-hate-speech.md) _Context: hate speech_
2. [A Kenyan lower court judge upholds the use of anal examinations to attempt to determine a suspect's sexual orientation. Homosexual acts are a crime in Kenya. ](/news/2016/06/16/a-kenyan-lower-court-judge-upholds-the-use-of-anal-examinations-to-attempt-to-determine-a-suspectas-sexual-orientation-homosexual-acts-ar.md) _Context: sexual orientation_
3. [A Dutch court acquits politician Geert Wilders of hate speech charges for statements against Islam in the Geert Wilders trial. ](/news/2011/06/23/a-dutch-court-acquits-politician-geert-wilders-of-hate-speech-charges-for-statements-against-islam-in-the-geert-wilders-trial.md) _Context: hate speech_
4. [Canada recognises the rebel National Transitional Council of Libya as the country's legitimate government with the Canadian House of Commons voting to extend its mission in Libya by three and a half months. ](/news/2011/06/14/canada-recognises-the-rebel-national-transitional-council-of-libya-as-the-country-s-legitimate-government-with-the-canadian-house-of-commons.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons_
5. [The minority government led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper is reprimanded by the Canadian House of Commons for failing to produce documents but avoids a no confidence motion. ](/news/2011/03/9/the-minority-government-led-by-prime-minister-stephen-harper-is-reprimanded-by-the-canadian-house-of-commons-for-failing-to-produce-document.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons_
6. [The minority of the Conservative Party of Canada led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper is defeated in a no confidence motion in the House of Commons with an election to be held in early May. ](/news/2011/03/25/the-minority-of-the-conservative-party-of-canada-led-by-prime-minister-stephen-harper-is-defeated-in-a-no-confidence-motion-in-the-house-of.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons_
7. [The Liberal Party of Canada announces it will introduce a motion to the Canadian House of Commons that calls on MPs to support a committee report finding the Conservative government in contempt of Parliament. The finding was in response to the government allegedly not supplying sufficient information on costs of crime bills, purchasing F-35 fighter jets for the Canadian Forces, and corporate tax cuts. ](/news/2011/03/23/the-liberal-party-of-canada-announces-it-will-introduce-a-motion-to-the-canadian-house-of-commons-that-calls-on-mps-to-support-a-committee-r.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons_
8. [All 3 opposition parties in the Canadian House of Commons, who together form a majority, state they will not support the 2011 federal budget, precipitating a possible election. ](/news/2011/03/22/all-3-opposition-parties-in-the-canadian-house-of-commons-who-together-form-a-majority-state-they-will-not-support-the-2011-federal-budget.md) _Context: Canadian House of Commons_
9. [The United Nations votes in favour of restoring a reference to sexual orientation in a resolution banning the unjustified killing of minority groups. ](/news/2010/12/22/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-restoring-a-reference-to-sexual-orientation-in-a-resolution-banning-the-unjustified-killing-of-minorit.md) _Context: sexual orientation_
10. [A new text service to report hate speech and to be monitored by the National Cohesion and Integration Commission is launched in Kenya ahead of the upcoming referendum on a new constitution. ](/news/2010/07/14/a-new-text-service-to-report-hate-speech-and-to-be-monitored-by-the-national-cohesion-and-integration-commission-is-launched-in-kenya-ahead.md) _Context: hate speech_
