### [2003-09-17](/news/2003/09/17/index.md)

#  Retired United States Army General Wesley Clark announces that he is seeking the nomination of the Democratic Party for the 2004 presidential election, making him the tenth candidate to enter the race. Howard Dean had earlier expressed hopes that Clark would join him as a vice-presidential running mate.




### Related:

1. [ Mini-Tuesday: Five states hold primaries and two states hold caucuses for the Democratic presidential nomination. U.S. Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts wins primary elections in Arizona, Delaware, New Mexico, Missouri and North Dakota, which a best result is 51 percent in Missouri. Senator John Edwards of North Carolina wins in South Carolina. Retired U.S. Army General Wesley Clark narrowly wins in Oklahoma. Former Vermont Governor Howard Dean, who opted to focus on the Michigan and Washington primaries the following Saturday, polls poorly in all these primaries, with a best result is third with 18% in New Mexico. For the first time, Kerry obtains a majority of elected delegates to the 2004 Democratic National Convention, with 244 delegates to Dean's 121, Edwards' 102 and Clark's 79. Senator Joseph Lieberman of Connecticut, having earlier announced "Joementum", comes in second in Delaware and announces his withdrawal from the race.](/news/2004/02/3/mini-tuesday-five-states-hold-primaries-and-two-states-hold-caucuses-for-the-democratic-presidential-nomination-u-s-senator-john-kerry-o.md) _Context: General, Howard Dean, U.S. soldiers, Wesley Clark_
2. [ 2004 Democratic presidential primaries: John Kerry wins the Democratic caucus in Maine with 45 percent of the vote. Howard Dean comes in second place with 27 percent, with Dennis Kucinich (16 percent), John Edwards (8 percent), and Wesley Clark (4 percent) trailing.](/news/2004/02/8/2004-democratic-presidential-primaries-john-kerry-wins-the-democratic-caucus-in-maine-with-45-percent-of-the-vote-howard-dean-comes-in-se.md) _Context: Democratic, Howard Dean, Wesley Clark_
3. [Vice President Joe Biden says that he will not be seeking the Democratic Party nomination. ](/news/2015/10/21/vice-president-joe-biden-says-that-he-will-not-be-seeking-the-democratic-party-nomination.md) _Context: Democratic, U.S. Vice President_
4. [A jury clears former Democratic Party candidate for Vice-President of the United States John Edwards on one count of corruption, with the judge ordering a mistrial on the other five counts. ](/news/2012/05/31/a-jury-clears-former-democratic-party-candidate-for-vice-president-of-the-united-states-john-edwards-on-one-count-of-corruption-with-the-ju.md) _Context: Democratic, U.S. Vice President_
5. [Geraldine Ferraro, a Democratic Party Congresswoman and the first woman to stand for Vice-President of the United States on a major party ticket dies in Boston. ](/news/2011/03/26/geraldine-ferraro-a-democratic-party-congresswoman-and-the-first-woman-to-stand-for-vice-president-of-the-united-states-on-a-major-party-ti.md) _Context: Democratic, U.S. Vice President_
6. [ General Ann E. Dunwoody becomes the first female four-star general in the history of the United States Army. ](/news/2008/11/14/general-ann-e-dunwoody-becomes-the-first-female-four-star-general-in-the-history-of-the-united-states-army.md) _Context: General, U.S. soldiers_
7. [ Howard Dean, a former governor of Vermont and a 2004 U.S. presidential candidate, is elected chairman of the Democratic National Committee. ](/news/2005/02/12/howard-dean-a-former-governor-of-vermont-and-a-2004-u-s-presidential-candidate-is-elected-chairman-of-the-democratic-national-committee.md) _Context: Democratic, Howard Dean_
8. [ Retired Gen. Wesley Clark presented 4,000 petition signatures to qualify for South Carolina's Democratic presidential primary ballot today. He's the second of the nine candidates for the Democratic nomination to file for the February 3 ballot. Campaign workers for Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts gave the state Democratic Party a check for $2,500 last week to qualify.](/news/2003/12/21/retired-gen-wesley-clark-presented-4-000-petition-signatures-to-qualify-for-south-carolina-s-democratic-presidential-primary-ballot-today.md) _Context: Democratic, Wesley Clark_
9. [ According to Pentagon investigations, Halliburton overcharged the US Army for fuel in Iraq. Dick Cheney was chairman of Halliburton prior to becoming Vice President of the United States. ](/news/2003/12/11/according-to-pentagon-investigations-halliburton-overcharged-the-us-army-for-fuel-in-iraq-dick-cheney-was-chairman-of-halliburton-prior-t.md) _Context: U.S. Vice President, U.S. soldiers_
10. [ 2004 U.S. presidential election: The nine Democrats competing for the Democratic Party nomination for President of the United States clashed in a live televised debate, which was co-sponsored by the Congressional Black Caucus and the Fox News Channel. The debate was held at the historic Morgan State University in Baltimore, Maryland.](/news/2003/09/9/2004-u-s-presidential-election-the-nine-democrats-competing-for-the-democratic-party-nomination-for-president-of-the-united-states-clashe.md) _Context: 2004 Presidential Election, Democratic_
