### [2011-09-17](/news/2011/09/17/index.md)

# Tanzanian authorities charge four people with negligence in relation to the Zanzibar ferry sinking that cost at least 240 lives on September 10. 

More than 240 people died when a ferry sank in the early hours of Sept. 10.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2011/09/18/world/africa/four-are-charged-in-tanzania-ferry-sinking.html)
1. [Cover Image](https://static01.nyt.com/images/icons/t_logo_291_black.png)

### Related:

1. [As many as 30 people, mostly children, are killed after a school bus plunges off a road into a steep ravine in the Arusha Region of northern Tanzania. ](/news/2017/05/6/as-many-as-30-people-mostly-children-are-killed-after-a-school-bus-plunges-off-a-road-into-a-steep-ravine-in-the-arusha-region-of-northern.md) _Context: Tanzania_
2. [U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyers tell a federal court, in a case alleging negligence and incitement to riot during a 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, that he is "immune from suit because he is President of the United States." A lawyer for the plaintiffs responds that, in "Clinton v. Jones", the Supreme Court found the president could be sued for events that occurred before he took office. ](/news/2017/04/15/u-s-president-donald-trump-s-lawyers-tell-a-federal-court-in-a-case-alleging-negligence-and-incitement-to-riot-during-a-2016-campaign-rall.md) _Context: negligence_
3. [University of Washington researchers report, in the peer-reviewed "Journal of the American Medical Association Oncology", the discovery of an odontoma -- a "benign tumor" -- in the fossil of a 255-million-year old Tanzanian mammal-like saber-toothed gorgonopsia. This is one of the oldest-known tumors ever found. ](/news/2016/12/9/university-of-washington-researchers-report-in-the-peer-reviewed-journal-of-the-american-medical-association-oncology-the-discovery-of-a.md) _Context: Tanzania_
4. [A magnitude 5.7 earthquake occurs in northern Tanzania, near Lake Victoria, killing at least 13 people and injuring 200 others. Tanzanian authorities report significant damage in the town of Bukoba. The governments of Burundi, Kenya, Rwanda, and Uganda report tremors. ](/news/2016/09/10/a-magnitude-5-7-earthquake-occurs-in-northern-tanzania-near-lake-victoria-killing-at-least-13-people-and-injuring-200-others-tanzanian-au.md) _Context: Tanzania_
5. [This week, the Gambia and Tanzania outlawed child marriages. Friday, the Tanzanian High Court -- in a case filed by the "Msichana Initiative", a lobbying group that advocates for girls' right to education -- ruled in favor of protecting girls from the harms of early marriage. And during a feast ending the Muslim holy month of Ramadan on Wednesday, The Gambian President Yahya Jammeh announced that child and forced marriages are banned. Jammeh called on the National Assembly to quickly take up the issue. ](/news/2016/07/9/this-week-the-gambia-and-tanzania-outlawed-child-marriages-friday-the-tanzanian-high-court-a-in-a-case-filed-by-the-msichana-initiativ.md) _Context: Tanzania_
6. [Durham and Oxford universities' geologists, working with a helium exploration company, discover an at least 54 billion cubic foot field of helium in the Tanzanian East African Rift Valley. Previously, helium has only been found in small quantities. This field, found using a new exploration approach connected to volcanic activity, could potentially meet global demand for several years. ](/news/2016/06/28/durham-and-oxford-universities-geologists-working-with-a-helium-exploration-company-discover-an-at-least-54-billion-cubic-foot-field-of-h.md) _Context: Tanzania_
7. [The Millennium Challenge Corporation, a United States foreign aid agency, pulls $472m of funding for a Tanzanian electricity project after concluding that the election held in Zanzibar "was neither inclusive nor representative". Zanzibar, a semi-autonomous part of Tanzania, held a rerun of its election that was boycotted by the opposition after it was previously annulled because of supposed fraud. ](/news/2016/03/29/the-millennium-challenge-corporation-a-united-states-foreign-aid-agency-pulls-472m-of-funding-for-a-tanzanian-electricity-project-after-c.md) _Context: Tanzania_
8. [A rerun of Zanzibar's presidential election takes place amid an opposition boycott. The election originally occurred at the same time as Tanzania's general election in 2015 but was annulled because of supposed fraud. ](/news/2016/03/20/a-rerun-of-zanzibar-s-presidential-election-takes-place-amid-an-opposition-boycott-the-election-originally-occurred-at-the-same-time-as-tan.md) _Context: Tanzania_
9. [A Wisconsin gun shop, which a jury found negligently sold the gun an assailant used to injure two Milwaukee police officers to a straw buyer, reaches a $1 million settlement with the officers. ](/news/2015/12/12/a-wisconsin-gun-shop-which-a-jury-found-negligently-sold-the-gun-an-assailant-used-to-injure-two-milwaukee-police-officers-to-a-straw-buyer.md) _Context: negligence_
10. [Tanzania's opposition Chadema party presidential candidate Edward Lowassa calls for a recount of Sunday's election for the presidency before official results are announced tomorrow. Meanwhile, the election commission chief of semi-autonomous Zanzibar nullifies their results, which opposition presidential candidate Seif Sharif Hamad of the Civic United Front announced he won on Monday. The United States said it's "gravely alarmed" and called for reversal of the annulment. ](/news/2015/10/28/tanzania-s-opposition-chadema-party-presidential-candidate-edward-lowassa-calls-for-a-recount-of-sunday-s-election-for-the-presidency-before.md) _Context: Tanzania_
