### [2015-10-1](/news/2015/10/1/index.md)

# 2015 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Joaquin. Hurricane Joaquin becomes a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph. Some additional strengthening is possible tomorrow. The storm, moving at just 6 mph, is predicted to drop 10 to 15 inches of rain in the central Bahamas with up to five inches expected for the rest of the archipelago. 

Hurricane Joaquin was upgraded to an &quot;extremely dangerous&quot; Category 4 storm with maximum sustained winds of 135 mph winds, forecasters said.


### Source:

1. [NHC](http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/text/refresh/MIATCPAT1+shtml/012045.shtml)
2. [Nassau Tribune](http://www.tribune242.com/news/2015/oct/01/rising-floodwaters-trap-residents-southern-bahamas/)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/01/us-storm-joaquin-idUSKCN0RV3NW20151001)
4. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/US/2015/10/01/Hurricane-Joaquin-extremely-dangerous-category-4-130-mph-winds/1881443689925/?spt=hts&or=2)

### Related:

1. [2015 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Joaquin. U.S. Coast Guard searchers, looking for the 790-foot El Faro cargo ship missing since Thursday, locate multiple objects, including life jackets, life rings, containers, and an oil sheen in the waters off The Bahamas. Connection to El Faro is not immediately confirmed. ](/news/2015/10/4/2015-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-joaquin-u-s-coast-guard-searchers-looking-for-the-790-foot-el-faro-cargo-ship-missing-since-thu.md) _Context: 2015 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Joaquin, the Bahamas_
2. [2015 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Joaquin. The United States National Transportation Safety Board announces it has completed its search of the sunken "El Faro", but did not find the voyage data recorder, i.e., the black box. ](/news/2015/11/16/2015-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-joaquin-the-united-states-national-transportation-safety-board-announces-it-has-completed-its-sea.md) _Context: 2015 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Joaquin_
3. [The United States Navy sends a remotely operated underwater craft to investigate a wreck which they believe is the remains of the El Faro which disappeared on October 1 near the Bahamas during Hurricane Joaquin with 33 people on board. ](/news/2015/11/1/the-united-states-navy-sends-a-remotely-operated-underwater-craft-to-investigate-a-wreck-which-they-believe-is-the-remains-of-the-el-faro-wh.md) _Context: Hurricane Joaquin, the Bahamas_
4. [2015 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Joaquin. Hurricane Joaquin passes over ocean with temperatures near 86degF (30degC) - the warmest since record keeping began in 1880. ](/news/2015/09/30/2015-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-joaquin-hurricane-joaquin-passes-over-ocean-with-temperatures-near-86adegf-30adegc-the-warmest-si.md) _Context: 2015 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Joaquin_
5. [Bahamian general election, 2017. Voters in the Bahamas go to the polls to elect all 39 members of the House of Assembly. ](/news/2017/05/10/bahamian-general-election-2017-voters-in-the-bahamas-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-all-39-members-of-the-house-of-assembly.md) _Context: the Bahamas_
6. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Weather forecasters track Hurricane Matthew as it makes landfall in Haiti and issue hurricane warnings for Cuba and the Bahamas. ](/news/2016/10/4/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-weather-forecasters-track-hurricane-matthew-as-it-makes-landfall-in-haiti-and-issue-hurricane-warnings-for-c.md) _Context: the Bahamas_
7. [Bahamian-United States relations. 2016 shooting of Dallas police officers. Following the death of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile and the shooting of white police officers in Dallas, Texas, The Bahamas issues a rare travel warning for its citizens traveling to the United States. ](/news/2016/07/9/bahamian-united-states-relations-2016-shooting-of-dallas-police-officers-following-the-death-of-alton-sterling-and-philando-castile-and.md) _Context: the Bahamas_
8. [Foreign relations of the United States. The United Arab Emirates and Bahrain issue a travel warning for their citizens heading to American cities where protests are occuring following ethnic tensions in the country. This comes after The Bahamas issued its own travel warning yesterday, after the shooting of Dallas police officers. ](/news/2016/07/10/foreign-relations-of-the-united-states-the-united-arab-emirates-and-bahrain-issue-a-travel-warning-for-their-citizens-heading-to-american-c.md) _Context: the Bahamas_
9. [El Faro. The American National Transportation Safety Board confirms that wreckage found on Saturday east of the Bahamas is the cargo ship SS "El Faro" that sank during Hurricane Joaquin on October 1. ](/news/2015/11/2/el-faro-the-american-national-transportation-safety-board-confirms-that-wreckage-found-on-saturday-east-of-the-bahamas-is-the-cargo-ship-ss.md) _Context: Hurricane Joaquin_
10. [October 2015 nor'easter. Hurricane Joaquin. Thirteen people are reported to have died during this storm, 11 in South Carolina and two in North Carolina. At least 18 dams have breached or failed since Saturday. Communities downstream face a mass of water working its way toward the low-lying coast. ](/news/2015/10/6/october-2015-nor-easter-hurricane-joaquin-thirteen-people-are-reported-to-have-died-during-this-storm-11-in-south-carolina-and-two-in-nor.md) _Context: Hurricane Joaquin_
