### [2015-10-1](/news/2015/10/1/index.md)

# Bahrain recalls its ambassador to Iran and expels the Iranian acting ''charge d'affaires'' who is declared ''persona non-grata'', a day after Bahraini security forces discovered a large bomb-making factory in Nuwaidrat and arrested a number of suspects linked to Iran's Revolutionary Guards. Bahrain's decision to recall its ambassador comes "in light of continued Iranian meddling in the affairs of the kingdom of Bahrain in order to create sectarian strife and impose hegemony and control." 

Bahrain said Thursday it had recalled its ambassador to Iran, a day after it said security forces had discovered a large bomb-making factory and arrested a number of suspects linked to Iran’s Revolutionary Guard.


### Source:

1. [Gulf News](http://gulfnews.com/news/gulf/bahrain/bahrain-withdraws-ambassador-from-tehran-1.1593728)
2. [The Daily Star](https://www.dailystar.com.lb/News/Middle-East/2015/Oct-02/317348-bahrain-withdraws-ambassador-from-iran.ashx)

### Related:

1. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Bahrain, Iran_
2. [Bahrain says it has dismantled a terrorist cell allegedly linked to Iran's Revolutionary Guard and Lebanon's Hezbollah. ](/news/2016/01/6/bahrain-says-it-has-dismantled-a-terrorist-cell-allegedly-linked-to-iran-s-revolutionary-guard-and-lebanon-s-hezbollah.md) _Context: Bahrain, Iran_
3. [Sudan and Bahrain follow Saudi Arabia's lead and cut diplomatic relations with Iran, and the United Arab Emirates downgrades diplomatic ties. ](/news/2016/01/4/sudan-and-bahrain-follow-saudi-arabia-s-lead-and-cut-diplomatic-relations-with-iran-and-the-united-arab-emirates-downgrades-diplomatic-ties.md) _Context: Bahrain, Iran_
4. [2013 Bushehr earthquake: A 6.1-magnitude earthquake rocks the Iranian towns of Khvormuj, Bandar Deyr and Kangan, killing 37 people and injuring over 850, and was felt as far as Bahrain. ](/news/2013/04/9/2013-bushehr-earthquake-a-6-1amagnitude-earthquake-rocks-the-iranian-towns-of-khvormuj-bandar-deyr-and-kangan-killing-37-people-and-inj.md) _Context: Bahrain, Iran_
5. [India summons the Iranian charge d'affaires to protest against remarks by Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei regarding Kashmir. It also abstains on a vote on Iranian human rights for the first time. ](/news/2010/11/19/india-summons-the-iranian-charga-c-d-affaires-to-protest-against-remarks-by-supreme-leader-ayatollah-ali-khamenei-regarding-kashmir-it-also.md) _Context: Iran, charge d'affaires_
6. [ISIS forces raid an Iranian Revolutionary Guards Corps base in vast desert spaces of eastern Homs Governorate, Syria, manned by between 12 to 18 fighters, all but one of which are killed. ](/news/2017/08/11/isis-forces-raid-an-iranian-revolutionary-guards-corps-base-in-vast-desert-spaces-of-eastern-homs-governorate-syria-manned-by-between-12-t.md) _Context: Iran_
7. [Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization  (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt-bahrain-and-unit.md) _Context: Bahrain_
8. [The United States Navy says the USS ''Thunderbolt'' fired a warning shot at an Iranian patrol boat after it came within 150 yards of the U.S. ship. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-united-states-navy-says-the-uss-thunderbolt-fired-a-warning-shot-at-an-iranian-patrol-boat-after-it-came-within-150-yards-of-the-u-s.md) _Context: Iran_
9. [Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and  North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea-both-chambers-of-the-u.md) _Context: Iran_
10. [The ''charge d'affaires'' of the U.S. Embassy in Beijing, China, resigns following President Donald Trump's  announcement he will  withdraw the United States from the 2015 international Paris Agreement on climate change mitigation. ](/news/2017/06/5/the-charga-c-d-affaires-of-the-u-s-embassy-in-beijing-china-resigns-following-president-donald-trump-s-announcement-he-will-withdraw.md) _Context: charge d'affaires_
