### [2015-10-1](/news/2015/10/1/index.md)

# Chinese authorities arrest a suspect in yesterday's 17 Liucheng County mail bomb explosions that killed at least seven people and wounded more than 50. The suspect is identified as 33-year-old quarry-worker, Wei Yinyong, from Dapu township also in Guangxi Province. There is another explosion this morning. While it's not clear if it is connected, authorities reportedly located 60 packages yesterday which were being examined by a bomb squad. 

Police have arrested a suspect in the package bombs explosion in southern China&#039;s Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region, which killed seven and injured at least 51 on Wednesday afternoon, Xinhua reported.The 33-year-old, surnamed Wei, is from Dapu township in Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region.Initial investigations suggest the explosions were caused by 17 package bombs, with blasts reported in more than a dozen locations, including government offices.


### Source:

1. [Al Arabiya](http://english.alarabiya.net/en/News/asia/2015/10/01/Fresh-blast-rocks-southern-Chinese-town.html)
2. [Asia One](http://news.asiaone.com/news/asia/suspect-arrested-guangxi-package-bomb-blasts)
3. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/10/02/world/asia/china-liucheng-guangxi-explosions.html?_r=0)
4. [Voice of America](http://www.voanews.com/content/suspect-sought-in-china-parcel-bombings/2987091.html)

### Related:

1. [At least six people are killed and dozens injured in explosions at 15 locations in Liucheng County in China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region. The explosives were reportedly concealed inside express delivery packages. Chinese officials have identified a suspect, but the motive is not yet known. ](/news/2015/09/30/at-least-six-people-are-killed-and-dozens-injured-in-explosions-at-15-locations-in-liucheng-county-in-china-s-guangxi-zhuang-autonomous-regi.md) _Context: China, Guangxi Zhuang, Liucheng County_
2. [At least nine people are dead as Typhoon Mujigae hits southern China in the midst of the country's weeklong National Day holiday.  Mujigae also generates several strong tornadoes and leaves dozens of fishermen missing. Nearly 200,000 people had been evacuated before the storm made landfall. Neighboring Guangxi Zhuang region orders 12,700 fishing boats and 35,400 offshore workers to return to port. ](/news/2015/10/5/at-least-nine-people-are-dead-as-typhoon-mujigae-hits-southern-china-in-the-midst-of-the-country-s-weeklong-national-day-holiday-mujigae-a.md) _Context: China, Guangxi Zhuang_
3. [Chinese police shoot dead two ethnic Uighurs in Pingxiang, Guangxi while they attempt to cross into Vietnam after members of their group resisted arrest with knives. The public security ministry accuses a separatist group of orchestrating hundreds of cases of human smuggling. ](/news/2015/01/18/chinese-police-shoot-dead-two-ethnic-uighurs-in-pingxiang-guangxi-while-they-attempt-to-cross-into-vietnam-after-members-of-their-group-res.md) _Context: China, Guangxi Zhuang_
4. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: China_
5. [A Chinese state company signs an order with Airbus for 100 A320 and 40 A350 airplanes. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-chinese-state-company-signs-an-order-with-airbus-for-100-a320-and-40-a350-airplanes.md) _Context: China_
6. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: China_
7. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: China_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: China_
9. [Amid a stalemate between India and China over Doklam, disputed between the latter and Bhutan, China renews a call for India to withdraw its troops from Doklam. It follows reports claiming China held live firing drills in the region. ''[http://www.arabnews.com/node/1131641/world (Arab News)]''](/news/2017/07/19/amid-a-stalemate-between-india-and-china-over-doklam-disputed-between-the-latter-and-bhutan-china-renews-a-call-for-india-to-withdraw-its.md) _Context: China_
10. [A stalemate between China and India leads to fears that the ongoing stand-off over Doklam in the Himalayas, disputed by Bhutan, may continue into the winter. It comes after rumors that Indian National Security Adviser Ajit Doval may travel to Beijing later this month. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/beijing-wont-have-formal-talks-with-india-stand-off-may-continue-till-winter-chinese-expert/articleshow/59615025.cms (Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/16/a-stalemate-between-china-and-india-leads-to-fears-that-the-ongoing-stand-off-over-doklam-in-the-himalayas-disputed-by-bhutan-may-continue.md) _Context: China_
