### [2015-10-1](/news/2015/10/1/index.md)

# The World Health Organization (WHO) recommends everyone diagnosed with HIV immediately receive antiretroviral therapy and recommends preventative treatment for all at "substantial risk" of infection. Previously, the UN health agency had recommended to physicians that the threshold for patient intervention was the presentation of symptoms. 

In new guidelines published today, the World Health Organization recommended that everyone diagnosed with HIV immediately receive antiretroviral therapy, and recommended preventative antiretroviral...


### Source:

1. [The Verge](http://www.theverge.com/2015/9/30/9423119/who-hiv-antiretroviral-treatment)
2. [Time](http://time.com/4056153/hiv-treatment-aids-who-world-health-organization/)
3. [WHO](http://www.who.int/mediacentre/news/releases/2015/hiv-treat-all-recommendation/en/)

### Related:

1. [ In Iraq, a cholera outbreak prompts United Nations agencies UNICEF and the World Health Organization to launch a prevention and treatment campaign.  So far, around 2,200 cases have been confirmed, and some infections have occurred in neighboring countries. ](/news/2015/11/7/in-iraq-a-cholera-outbreak-prompts-united-nations-agencies-unicef-and-the-world-health-organization-to-launch-a-prevention-and-treatment-c.md) _Context: United Nations, World Health Organization_
2. [The World Health Organization  reports tuberculosis has surpassed human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), as the leading cause of global death, despite the death rate from tuberculosis having been cut in half over the last 25 years. Most deaths from tuberculosis could be prevented, researchers said, but detection and treatment aren't happening fast enough. ](/news/2015/10/28/the-world-health-organization-reports-tuberculosis-has-surpassed-human-immunodeficiency-virus-hiv-as-the-leading-cause-of-global-death.md) _Context: HIV, World Health Organization_
3. [A United Nations report states that there are 2 million adolescents in the world living with HIV with 86 per cent of them living in sub-Saharan Africa. ](/news/2011/06/1/a-united-nations-report-states-that-there-are-2-million-adolescents-in-the-world-living-with-hiv-with-86-per-cent-of-them-living-in-sub-saha.md) _Context: HIV, United Nations_
4. [ The United Nations reduces its estimate of how many people are infected with HIV in 2007 from nearly 40 million to 33 million. ](/news/2007/11/20/the-united-nations-reduces-its-estimate-of-how-many-people-are-infected-with-hiv-in-2007-from-nearly-40-million-to-33-million.md) _Context: HIV, United Nations_
5. [ United Nations warns that about 90 million Africans could be infected by HIV in the future without further action against the spread of the disease. See AIDS in Africa. ](/news/2005/03/4/united-nations-warns-that-about-90-million-africans-could-be-infected-by-hiv-in-the-future-without-further-action-against-the-spread-of-the.md) _Context: HIV, United Nations_
6. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
7. [According to the World Health Organization, antibiotic resistance is on the rise in strains of gonorrhoea. It says that there is a need to prevent the spread of these bacteria, recommending usage of condoms and an increase in research and development funding.  ](/news/2017/07/7/according-to-the-world-health-organization-antibiotic-resistance-is-on-the-rise-in-strains-of-gonorrhoea-it-says-that-there-is-a-need-to-p.md) _Context: World Health Organization_
8. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [The United Nations confirms that the FARC has completed its disarmament process, with former rebels due to make the transition to civilian life and the group to transform into a legal political party in the country. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-united-nations-confirms-that-the-farc-has-completed-its-disarmament-process-with-former-rebels-due-to-make-the-transition-to-civilian-l.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [The United Nations Human Rights Council conducts a periodic review of the human rights situation in the Philippines. ](/news/2017/05/8/the-united-nations-human-rights-council-conducts-a-periodic-review-of-the-human-rights-situation-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: United Nations_
