### [2010-04-23](/news/2010/04/23/index.md)

# Arizona governor Jan Brewer signs the state's controversial immigrant detention bill into law. Supporters say it will take 'the handcuffs' off police; opponents say it will violate people's civil rights. 




### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/04/23/AR2010042301250.html?hpid=topnews)

### Related:

1. [Arizona Governor Jan Brewer vetoes a bill that would have allowed businesses to discriminate, based on their religion, against LGBT people. ](/news/2014/02/27/arizona-governor-jan-brewer-vetoes-a-bill-that-would-have-allowed-businesses-to-discriminate-based-on-their-religion-against-lgbt-people.md) _Context: Arizona, Jan Brewer_
2. [2017 North American heat wave. A heat wave strikes the Western U.S. states of Arizona, California, and Nevada. It is predicted to last until June 23. ](/news/2017/06/20/2017-north-american-heat-wave-a-heat-wave-strikes-the-western-u-s-states-of-arizona-california-and-nevada-it-is-predicted-to-last-until.md) _Context: Arizona_
3. [United States elections, 2016. Four state Democratic Parties sue the Donald Trump presidential campaign, the state Republican Parties, and "Stop the Steal" group founder Roger Stone for voter intimidation in the states of Ohio, Pennsylvania, Nevada, and Arizona. ](/news/2016/11/1/united-states-elections-2016-four-state-democratic-parties-sue-the-donald-trump-presidential-campaign-the-state-republican-parties-and.md) _Context: Arizona_
4. [Philippines-United States relations. The San Francisco Police Department halts a training program between itself and the Philippine National Police over allegations of civil rights violations committed under the guise of the Philippine Drug War. ](/news/2016/10/27/philippines-united-states-relations-the-san-francisco-police-department-halts-a-training-program-between-itself-and-the-philippine-nation.md) _Context: civil rights_
5. [U.S. officials are investigating the hacking of election system databases in Illinois and Arizona. The FBI alerted all election officials nationwide about this issue earlier this month. ](/news/2016/08/29/u-s-officials-are-investigating-the-hacking-of-election-system-databases-in-illinois-and-arizona-the-fbi-alerted-all-election-officials-na.md) _Context: Arizona_
6. [Lake Mead in Mohave County, Arizona, the largest reservoir in the United States, drops to its lowest level in history, declining to its lowest level since it was filled in the 1930s. The reservoir serves water to the states of Arizona, Nevada and California. ](/news/2016/05/21/lake-mead-in-mohave-county-arizona-the-largest-reservoir-in-the-united-states-drops-to-its-lowest-level-in-history-declining-to-its-lowe.md) _Context: Arizona_
7. [Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016. Two dozen protesters park their cars in the middle of Shea Boulevard, and block the main road to the Phoenix suburb of Fountain Hills, Arizona, where Donald Trump's campaign rally with former Arizona Governor Jan Brewer, and controversial sheriff Joe Arpaio was held. For hours, traffic was backed up for miles. The road was eventually cleared. Three protesters were arrested and two cars were towed from the boulevard. ](/news/2016/03/19/republican-party-presidential-candidates-2016-two-dozen-protesters-park-their-cars-in-the-middle-of-shea-boulevard-and-block-the-main-roa.md) _Context: Jan Brewer_
8. [Occupation of the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge. U.S. federal authorities arrest militia leader Ammon Bundy and several of his followers following an exchange of gunfire at a traffic stop on U.S. Route 395 in Harney County, Oregon. One person, LaVoy Finicum, a rancher from Arizona and spokesman for the militia, was killed in the shootout. ](/news/2016/01/26/occupation-of-the-malheur-national-wildlife-refuge-u-s-federal-authorities-arrest-militia-leader-ammon-bundy-and-several-of-his-followers.md) _Context: Arizona_
9. [Mysterious lights from an unidentified flying object spook people in Arizona, California, and Nevada. It was later confirmed as a test flight of a UGM-133 Trident II missile. ](/news/2015/11/8/mysterious-lights-from-an-unidentified-flying-object-spook-people-in-arizona-california-and-nevada-it-was-later-confirmed-as-a-test-fligh.md) _Context: Arizona_
10. [U.S. Border Patrol agents apprehend five Pakistani nationals and one Afghan national trying to sneak into Arizona through the Mexico-U.S. border. ](/news/2015/11/19/u-s-border-patrol-agents-apprehend-five-pakistani-nationals-and-one-afghan-national-trying-to-sneak-into-arizona-through-the-mexico-u-s-bo.md) _Context: Arizona_
