### [2010-04-23](/news/2010/04/23/index.md)

# Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu resists calls from the United States to stop construction in Jerusalem; the United Nations claims Israel's blockade of Gaza prevents it from educating thousands of Palestinian children. 

Israel&#39;s prime minister on Thursday rejected U.S. calls to halt construction in disputed East Jerusalem, clouding a new peace mission by Washington&#39;s Mideast envoy.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/8638895.stm)
2. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/36720635/ns/world_news-mideastn_africa/)

### Related:

1. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah and urges him to restart peace talks, before holding talks with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ](/news/2013/04/8/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-ramallah-and-urges-him-to-restart-peace-t.md) _Context: American, Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister_
2. [Israel-Turkey relations:Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu apologizes to his Turkish counterpart Recep Tayyip Erdogan for the death of nine activists during a flotilla raid in Gaza in 2010 and offers compensation for their families. ](/news/2013/03/22/israelaturkey-relations-pisrael-s-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-apologizes-to-his-turkish-counterpart-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-for-the-de.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister_
3. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says that he will extend the settlement freeze if the Palestinian leadership recognizes Israel as a Jewish state. The Palestinians quickly reject the offer. ](/news/2010/10/11/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-says-that-he-will-extend-the-settlement-freeze-if-the-palestinian-leadership-recognizes-israel-as.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister, Palestinian_
4. [President of the United States Barack Obama meets with a range of Middle East leaders in pursuit of peace between Israel and Palestine, including Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu, President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas, King of Jordan Abdullah II and President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak. ](/news/2010/09/1/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-with-a-range-of-middle-east-leaders-in-pursuit-of-peace-between-israel-and-palestine-incl.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister, Palestinian_
5. [Israel announces that Benjamin Netanyahu, Ehud Barak and Avigdor Lieberman have chosen Yosef Ciechanover, who formerly held posts in the Foreign Ministry, Defence Ministry and defence mission to the United States, to represent it on the United Nations panel to investigate May's Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2010/08/7/israel-announces-that-benjamin-netanyahu-ehud-barak-and-avigdor-lieberman-have-chosen-yosef-ciechanover-who-formerly-held-posts-in-the-for.md) _Context: American, Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, United Nations_
6. [A 2001 film, depicting Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu discussing methods of undermining the Oslo Accords and saying the United States is "easy" to manipulate, is aired on Israel's Channel 10. ](/news/2010/07/18/a-2001-film-depicting-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-discussing-methods-of-undermining-the-oslo-accords-and-saying-the-united.md) _Context: American, Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Israel's decision to ease the Gaza blockade is welcomed by the United Nations and the United States; Gaza's Hamas rulers say this is propaganda by Israel. ](/news/2010/06/17/israeliapalestinian-conflict-pisrael-s-decision-to-ease-the-gaza-blockade-is-welcomed-by-the-united-nations-and-the-united-states-gaza-s.md) _Context: American, Gaza Strip, Israel, United Nations_
8. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu will send deputy prime-minister to a summit on nuclear weapons in the United States over concerns that Egypt and Turkey might shift the focus away from preventing militants from obtaining nuclear weapons by insisting that Israel sign the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty (NPT). ](/news/2010/04/8/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-will-send-deputy-prime-minister-to-a-summit-on-nuclear-weapons-in-the-united-states-over-concerns.md) _Context: American, Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister_
9. [Middle East:Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon enters Gaza with the message "we (the United Nations) stand with you (Palestine)", criticises Israel's actions and speaks of his distress at the "unacceptable, unsustainable conditions" endured by Palestinians and the lack of reconstruction of damaged buildings. ](/news/2010/03/21/middle-east-psecretary-general-of-the-united-nations-ban-ki-moon-enters-gaza-with-the-message-we-the-united-nations-stand-with-you-pales.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian, United Nations_
10. [ U.S. President Barack Obama urges Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to accept a Palestinian state. ](/news/2009/05/18/u-s-president-barack-obama-urges-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-to-accept-a-palestinian-state.md) _Context: American, Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel, Israeli Prime Minister_
