### [2015-05-11](/news/2015/05/11/index.md)

# A new strain of bird flu caused by the H5N8 virus is identified in a backyard poultry flock in Whitley County, Indiana, in the United States. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''Journal Gazette](http://www.journalgazette.net/news/local/indiana/Bird-flu-strain-detected-in-NE-Indiana-s-Whitley-County-6591887)

### Related:

1. [Singapore, Vietnam, Indonesia and Hong Kong ban poultry imports from the Australian state of Victoria while Japan bans imports from the whole of Australia following an outbreak of a low pathogenic form of the avian influenza (separate from the potentially deadly H5N1 strain).](/news/2012/02/1/singapore-vietnam-indonesia-and-hong-kong-ban-poultry-imports-from-the-australian-state-of-victoria-while-japan-bans-imports-from-the-whol.md) _Context: Avian flu virus, poultry_
2. [ China closes all Beijing poultry markets. Authorities ordered all live poultry markets in China's capital to close immediately and went door-to-door seizing chickens and ducks from private homes, as the government dramatically ramped up its fight against avian influenza today. ](/news/2005/11/7/china-closes-all-beijing-poultry-markets-authorities-ordered-all-live-poultry-markets-in-china-s-capital-to-close-immediately-and-went-doo.md) _Context: Avian flu virus, poultry_
3. [ In a conference organized by the UN Food and Agriculture Organization, officials urge changes to be made in how poultry are raised in Southeast Asia to prevent a bird flu pandemic. ](/news/2005/02/26/in-a-conference-organized-by-the-un-food-and-agriculture-organization-officials-urge-changes-to-be-made-in-how-poultry-are-raised-in-south.md) _Context: Avian flu virus, poultry_
4. [ The People's Republic of China puts poultry export bans on three more areas after a World Health Organization warning that the chance of controlling the Avian flu outbreak is slipping. A new SARS case is confirmed in Guangdong province.](/news/2004/01/31/the-people-s-republic-of-china-puts-poultry-export-bans-on-three-more-areas-after-a-world-health-organization-warning-that-the-chance-of-co.md) _Context: Avian flu virus, poultry_
5. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: United States_
6. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: United States_
7. [The United States stops giving out visas to high ranking officials of Cambodia, Eritrea, Guinea and Sierra Leone for failing to accept deportations. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-stops-giving-out-visas-to-high-ranking-officials-of-cambodia-eritrea-guinea-and-sierra-leone-for-failing-to-accept-depor.md) _Context: United States_
8. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pelosi.md) _Context: United States_
9. [The United States Department of Justice has requested Moscow-based Russian media channel RT America to register as a foreign lobbying firm in the United States. ](/news/2017/09/12/the-united-states-department-of-justice-has-requested-moscow-based-russian-media-channel-rt-america-to-register-as-a-foreign-lobbying-firm-i.md) _Context: United States_
10. [The United States State Department orders Russia to close the Consulate-General in San Francisco and two other buildings by September 2, 2017, invoking "parity" over a Russian measure in July. ](/news/2017/08/31/the-united-states-state-department-orders-russia-to-close-the-consulate-general-in-san-francisco-and-two-other-buildings-by-september-2-201.md) _Context: United States_
