### [2015-05-11](/news/2015/05/11/index.md)

# Han Min-goo, the South Korean Minister for National Defense states that South Korea will "mercilessly counterattack" any North Korean "provocations" following the North's successful trial of a ballistic missile system. 




### Source:

1. [Yonhap](http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/national/2015/05/11/12/0301000000AEN20150511002400315F.html)

### Related:

1. [North Korea-South Korea relations. South Korea reports that North Korea has fired three ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2016/09/5/north-korea-south-korea-relations-south-korea-reports-that-north-korea-has-fired-three-ballistic-missiles-into-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, ballistic missile_
2. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. South Korea claims that North Korea has fired a ballistic missile from a submarine. ](/news/2016/07/9/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-a-ballistic-missile-from-a-submarine.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, ballistic missile_
3. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. Amid growing concern about North Korea's ballistic missile capability, South Korea, Japan and the U.S. are to hold their first ever joint anti-missile exercise next month, according to South Korea's Ministry of National Defense. The three countries will practice "detecting and tracing a hypothetical North Korean missile," said a ministry official. ](/news/2016/05/17/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-amid-growing-concern-about-north-korea-s-ballistic-missile-capability-south-korea-japan-and-t.md) _Context: Ministry of National Defense, North Korea, South Korea_
4. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. South Korea has determined North Korea is capable of mounting a nuclear warhead on its medium-range Rodong-1 ballistic missile, which could reach all of South Korea and most of Japan, according to a senior government official. ](/news/2016/04/5/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-has-determined-north-korea-is-capable-of-mounting-a-nuclear-warhead-on-its-medium-r.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, ballistic missile_
5. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea deploys one or two intermediate-range ballistic missiles on its east coast, possibly preparing for launch on or around Friday, the anniversary of the birth of the country-s founder Kim Il-sung, according to South Korea-s Yonhap news agency. ](/news/2016/04/14/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-deploys-one-or-two-intermediate-range-ballistic-missiles-on-its-east-coast-possibl.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, ballistic missile_
6. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. North Korea fires another ballistic missile off its east coast, according to South Korean officials. This occurred while world leaders are attending the annual Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C., where North Korea is on the agenda for discussion. ](/news/2016/04/1/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-fires-another-ballistic-missile-off-its-east-coast-according-to-south-korean-offic.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, ballistic missile_
7. [South Korea has successfully test fired two ballistic missiles that can hit all of North Korea. ](/news/2015/06/3/south-korea-has-successfully-test-fired-two-ballistic-missiles-that-can-hit-all-of-north-korea.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, ballistic missile_
8. [North Korea-South Korea relations:. South Korea's Ministry of National Defense announces that three drones found in their territory came from North Korea. ](/news/2014/05/9/north-korea-south-korea-relations-south-korea-s-ministry-of-national-defense-announces-that-three-drones-found-in-their-territory-came-f.md) _Context: Ministry of National Defense, North Korea, South Korea_
9. [2013 Korean crisis:. South Korea's defense ministry says it doubts North Korea has the ability to launch a nuclear-armed ballistic missile as claimed in a report by the United States Defense Intelligence Agency. ](/news/2013/04/12/2013-korean-crisis-south-korea-s-defense-ministry-says-it-doubts-north-korea-has-the-ability-to-launch-a-nuclear-armed-ballistic-missile-a.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, ballistic missile_
10. [ South Korea's Defense Ministry reports that North Korea has medium-range ballistic missiles capable of striking U.S. military bases. ](/news/2009/02/23/south-korea-s-defense-ministry-reports-that-north-korea-has-medium-range-ballistic-missiles-capable-of-striking-u-s-military-bases.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, ballistic missile_
