### [2012-09-7](/news/2012/09/7/index.md)

# Canada closes its embassy in Iran and orders all Iranian diplomatic staff out of Canada, citing Iran's support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, Iran's "among the worst" human rights record, its lack of respect for the Vienna conventions, its nuclear program and the security of Canadian diplomatic personnel. It sees Iran as the world's "most significant threat to global peace and security." Minister of foreign affairs Baird says the Canadian government files Iran as a "state sponsor of terrorism" under the Canadian 

Canada has suspended diplomatic relations with Iran and is expelling Iranian diplomats from Canada, Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird says in a statement.


### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/story/2012/09/07/pol-baird-canada-iran-embassy.html)
2. [Communiqué](http://www.international.gc.ca/media/aff/news-communiques/2012/09/07a.aspx?lang=eng&view=d)
3. [Justice for Victims of Terrorism Act](http://laws-lois.justice.gc.ca/eng/acts/J-2.5/page-1.html)

### Related:

1. [Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated. Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterday-the-united-stat.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syria_
2. [U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says new talks aimed to help end Syria's war shouldn't be held up by wrangling over whether President Bashar Assad stays or goes. ](/news/2015/10/31/u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-new-talks-aimed-to-help-end-syria-s-war-shouldn-t-be-held-up-by-wrangling-over-whether-president-bas.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syria_
3. [An arrest warrant is issued for the cousin of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, Suleiman Hilal Al-Assad, who is accused of shooting and killing Colonel Hassan Al-Sheikh of the Syrian Armed Forces at what can be described as a traffic dispute. ](/news/2015/08/9/an-arrest-warrant-is-issued-for-the-cousin-of-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-suleiman-hilal-al-assad-who-is-accused-of-shooting-and-kill.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syria_
4. [John Baird resigns as the Canadian Minister of Foreign Affairs. ](/news/2015/02/3/john-baird-resigns-as-the-canadian-minister-of-foreign-affairs.md) _Context: Canada, John Baird, Minister of Foreign Affairs_
5. [Israeli security forces claim that Hezbollah and forces loyal to the President of Syria Bashar al-Assad are responsible for firing rockets from Syrian territory onto the Golan Heights into the mount Hermon sky resort. ](/news/2015/01/27/israeli-security-forces-claim-that-hezbollah-and-forces-loyal-to-the-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-are-responsible-for-firing-rockets-f.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syria_
6. [Syrian civil war: Syrian President Bashar al-Assad rejects an offer to safely leave Syria and vows to "live and die" in the country. ](/news/2012/11/8/syrian-civil-war-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-rejects-an-offer-to-safely-leave-syria-and-vows-to-live-and-die-in-the-country.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syria_
7. [The EU imposes further sanctions on Belarus, Iran, and Syria, expresses support for Libya's National Transitional Council, and reiterates call for Syria's President Bashar al-Assad to step down. ](/news/2011/10/11/the-eu-imposes-further-sanctions-on-belarus-iran-and-syria-expresses-support-for-libya-s-national-transitional-council-and-reiterates-ca.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Iran, Syria_
8. [Canada's Foreign Minister, Lawrence Cannon, urges Iran to improve the country's human rights record and denounces Iran for imposing "draconian death sentences and unfair jail terms," while expressing particular concern for the fate of two Canadians of dual nationality imprisoned in Iran. ](/news/2011/01/1/canada-s-foreign-minister-lawrence-cannon-urges-iran-to-improve-the-country-s-human-rights-record-and-denounces-iran-for-imposing-draconi.md) _Context: Iran, Iranian human rights, Minister of Foreign Affairs_
9. [After Iran's selection to the Commission on the Status of Women, a United Nations panel on women's rights, Canada cites "serious concerns" about Iran's participation in the panel and Iran's human-rights record. ](/news/2010/05/2/after-iranas-selection-to-the-commission-on-the-status-of-women-a-united-nations-panel-on-womenas-rights-canada-cites-aserious-conce.md) _Context: Canada, Iran, Iranian human rights_
10. [ Iraqi President Jalal Talabani criticizes Syrian President Bashar al-Assad for his support of a possible Turkish attack against Kurdistan Workers Party fighters in the Iraqi Kurdistan. ](/news/2007/10/20/iraqi-president-jalal-talabani-criticizes-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-for-his-support-of-a-possible-turkish-attack-against-kurdistan-w.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syria_
