### [2002-12-5](/news/2002/12/5/index.md)

# The Supreme Court of Canada ruled that the Harvard mouse, designed for its usefulness in cancer research, is not patentable. In its view such a higher life form does not fall within the definition of invention.




### Related:

1. [ The Supreme Court of Canada, in a 5-4 decision, rules in a case between U.S. biotechnology firm Monsanto Company and farmer Percy Schmeiser that Monsanto holds a patent on the Roundup Ready gene inserted in its canola seed and can control the use of the plant. The court previously decided that a higher life form, the Harvard mouse, could not be patented. ](/news/2004/05/21/the-supreme-court-of-canada-in-a-5a4-decision-rules-in-a-case-between-u-s-biotechnology-firm-monsanto-company-and-farmer-percy-schmeis.md) _Context: Harvard mouse, Supreme Court of Canada, patent_
2. [ After several postponements the European Parliament finally passes a directive concerning the "patentability of computer-implemented inventions". The final text differs substantially from the original proposal and is seen as going a long way in addressing the concerns that it would legalize patents on software and business methods. The directive should now be under review by the Council of the European Union.](/news/2003/09/24/after-several-postponements-the-european-parliament-finally-passes-a-directive-concerning-the-patentability-of-computer-implemented-invent.md) _Context: invention, patent_
3. [Kulsoom Nawaz Sharif, wife of ousted former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif, defeats the opposition party's Yasmin Rashid in the by-election for Nawaz Sharif's National Assembly seat. Kulsoom, represented by her daughter and proxy Maryam, is being treated in London for cancer. ](/news/2017/09/17/kulsoom-nawaz-sharif-wife-of-ousted-former-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-defeats-the-opposition-party-s-yasmin-rashid-in-the-by-election-for.md) _Context: cancer_
4. [Apple Inc. and Nokia agree to increase their partnership after settling a patent dispute. ](/news/2017/05/23/apple-inc-and-nokia-agree-to-increase-their-partnership-after-settling-a-patent-dispute.md) _Context: patent_
5. [ Google receives a United States patent for an adhesive for its self-driving cars, so-called "human flypaper", designed to minimize injuries in a pedestrian accident by holding the person to the car rather than being thrown after impact. ](/news/2016/05/19/google-receives-a-united-states-patent-for-an-adhesive-for-its-self-driving-cars-so-called-human-flypaper-designed-to-minimize-injuries.md) _Context: patent_
6. [U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron, at the upcoming Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C., will announce a three-way deal with the United States and Euratom, the European Union nuclear agency, to turn nuclear waste into medical isotopes to help fight cancer. ](/news/2016/03/30/u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-at-the-upcoming-nuclear-security-summit-in-washington-d-c-will-announce-a-three-way-deal-with-the-unit.md) _Context: cancer_
7. [A federal appeals court rules in favor of Samsung on several issues arising out of that company's long-running patent dispute with Apple, overturning a $120 million jury verdict in Apple's favor in 2014. ](/news/2016/02/26/a-federal-appeals-court-rules-in-favor-of-samsung-on-several-issues-arising-out-of-that-company-s-long-running-patent-dispute-with-apple-ov.md) _Context: patent_
8. [The International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), the cancer agency of the World Health Organization (WHO), has evaluated the carcinogenicity of the consumption of red meat and processed meat. After thoroughly reviewing the accumulated scientific literature, a Working Group of 22 experts from 10 countries convened by the IARC Monographs Programme classified the consumption of red meat as probably carcinogenic to humans (Group 2A), based on limited evidence that the consumption of red meat causes cancer in humans and strong mechanistic evidence supporting a carcinogenic effect. This association was observed mainly for colorectal cancer, but associations were also seen for pancreatic cancer and prostate cancer. Processed meat was classified as carcinogenic to humans (Group 1), based on sufficient evidence in humans that the consumption of processed meat causes colorectal cancer. ](/news/2015/10/28/the-international-agency-for-research-on-cancer-iarc-the-cancer-agency-of-the-world-health-organization-who-has-evaluated-the-carcinog.md) _Context: cancer_
9. [Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter, aged 90, announces that recent liver surgery revealed that he is suffering from an as-yet unspecified form of cancer which has spread to other parts of his body. ](/news/2015/08/12/former-u-s-president-jimmy-carter-aged-90-announces-that-recent-liver-surgery-revealed-that-he-is-suffering-from-an-as-yet-unspecified-fo.md) _Context: cancer_
10. [Preventive medicine researchers from Harvard University and Northwestern University conduct a study on long-term (13 years; 793 people) pre-cancer changes (mostly leukemia, prostate cancer, lung cancers, and skin cancers) in telomeres, the protective ends of DNA. Some said, in previous short-look studies, that focused mostly on their known role in the pace of regular aging, that they either got shorter or longer. There was a 3-4 year period of accelerated aging, and then it halted a few years before cancer was diagnosed. ](/news/2015/05/3/preventive-medicine-researchers-from-harvard-university-and-northwestern-university-conduct-a-study-on-long-term-13-years-793-people-pre.md) _Context: cancer_
