### [2002-12-5](/news/2002/12/5/index.md)

# Today is the Islamic festival of Eid ul-Fitr, marking the end of Ramadan for Muslims worldwide.




### Related:

1. [Muslims celebrate Eid ul-Fitr marking the end of Ramadan, the month of fasting. In Indonesia, however, the government rules that the end of Ramadan should be delayed one day. ](/news/2011/08/30/muslims-celebrate-eid-ul-fitr-marking-the-end-of-ramadan-the-month-of-fasting-in-indonesia-however-the-government-rules-that-the-end-of.md) _Context: Eid-ul-Fitr, Ramadan_
2. [2016 Zurich attack. Three people are shot by a gunman at an Islamic centre near the Zurich Hauptbahnhof train station. A manhunt was conducted for the assailant, a 24-year-old Swiss citizen of Ghanian descent, whose body was was found close to the Islamic centre. ](/news/2016/12/19/2016-za1-4rich-attack-three-people-are-shot-by-a-gunman-at-an-islamic-centre-near-the-za1-4rich-hauptbahnhof-train-station-a-manhunt-was-condu.md) _Context: Islamic_
3. [Child marriage. This week, the Gambia and Tanzania outlawed child marriages. Friday, the Tanzanian High Court - in a case filed by the "Msichana Initiative", a lobbying group that advocates for girls' right to education - ruled in favor of protecting girls from the harms of early marriage. And during a feast ending the Muslim holy month of Ramadan on Wednesday, The Gambian President Yahya Jammeh announced that child and forced marriages are banned. Jammeh called on the National Assembly to quickly take up the issue. ](/news/2016/07/9/child-marriage-this-week-the-gambia-and-tanzania-outlawed-child-marriages-friday-the-tanzanian-high-court-in-a-case-filed-by-the-ms.md) _Context: Ramadan_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present). Israel suspends 83,000 entry permits for Palestinians for Ramadan following a mass shooting in downtown Tel Aviv that killed four and injured 17 people. ](/news/2016/06/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-present-israel-suspends-83-000-entry-permits-for-palestinians-for-ramadan-following-a-mass-shooting.md) _Context: Ramadan_
5. [Indonesian volcano eruptions. Thousands of Indonesians are stranded on the Eid al-Fitr holiday at the end of Ramadan as five airports remain closed as a result of the eruption of the Raung and Gamalama volcanoes. ](/news/2015/07/17/indonesian-volcano-eruptions-thousands-of-indonesians-are-stranded-on-the-eid-al-fitr-holiday-at-the-end-of-ramadan-as-five-airports-remain.md) _Context: Ramadan_
6. [2015 Khan Bani Saad massacre. Iraq War (2014-present). A car bomb in Khan Bani Saad City massacres more than 100 people, mostly Shias, celebrating the Eid after end of Ramadan. ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2015/07/17/2015-khan-bani-saad-massacre-iraq-war-2014-present-a-car-bomb-in-khan-bani-saad-city-massacres-more-than-100-people-mostly-shias-cel.md) _Context: Ramadan_
7. [Yemeni crisis. Saudi-led intervention in Yemen (2015-present). A truce brokered by the United Nations due to last for the remainder of Ramadan is broken within an hour with both sides exchanging blame. ](/news/2015/07/11/yemeni-crisis-saudi-led-intervention-in-yemen-2015-present-a-truce-brokered-by-the-united-nations-due-to-last-for-the-remainder-of-ramad.md) _Context: Ramadan_
8. [In Istanbul, Turkish police forces interrupt the LGBT pride parade, which was refused this year due to the holy month Ramadan, by firing water cannons and rubber pellets. ](/news/2015/06/28/in-istanbul-turkish-police-forces-interrupt-the-lgbt-pride-parade-which-was-refused-this-year-due-to-the-holy-month-ramadan-by-firing-wat.md) _Context: Ramadan_
9. [Muslims begin fasting at the start of the lunar calendar month of Ramadan, 2015. ](/news/2015/06/18/muslims-begin-fasting-at-the-start-of-the-lunar-calendar-month-of-ramadan-2015.md) _Context: Ramadan_
10. [A man attacks a group of police officers in New York City with a hatchet, injuring 2 before being shot dead. Police suspect the attacker was motivated by radical Islamic ideals. ](/news/2014/10/23/a-man-attacks-a-group-of-police-officers-in-new-york-city-with-a-hatchet-injuring-2-before-being-shot-dead-police-suspect-the-attacker-was.md) _Context: Islamic_
