### [2002-12-5](/news/2002/12/5/index.md)

# United Airlines, the world's second-biggest carrier, appears headed for the largest bankruptcy filing in airline industry history. The company's efforts  to avoid a Chapter 11 filing apparently ended Wednesday when a government board rejected its bid for $1.8 billion in federal loan guarantees.




### Related:

1. [A United Airlines passenger is dragged off a flight at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago. The airline company is under fire because of the mistreatment of the passenger. ](/news/2017/04/9/a-united-airlines-passenger-is-dragged-off-a-flight-at-o-hare-international-airport-in-chicago-the-airline-company-is-under-fire-because-of.md) _Context: United Airlines_
2. [United Airlines CEO Oscar Munoz issues an apology for the removal of a passenger from an overbooked flight on April 9, which has since gone viral. United Airlines stock drops more than 4%, a loss of PS800 million to the company's value. ](/news/2017/04/11/united-airlines-ceo-oscar-munoz-issues-an-apology-for-the-removal-of-a-passenger-from-an-overbooked-flight-on-april-9-which-has-since-gone.md) _Context: United Airlines_
3. [United Airlines Flight 880 makes an emergency landing at Shannon Airport in the Republic of Ireland due to "severe and unexpected turbulence". At least 12 people are hospitalized. ](/news/2016/08/31/united-airlines-flight-880-makes-an-emergency-landing-at-shannon-airport-in-the-republic-of-ireland-due-to-severe-and-unexpected-turbulence.md) _Context: United Airlines_
4. [Energy Future Holdings, a Texas electric utility, asks a bankruptcy court in Delaware to confirm a plan that would allow it to exit Chapter 11 after more than two years. ](/news/2016/08/17/energy-future-holdings-a-texas-electric-utility-asks-a-bankruptcy-court-in-delaware-to-confirm-a-plan-that-would-allow-it-to-exit-chapter.md) _Context: Chapter 11_
5. [The United States tentatively approves eight, of 12 that applied, airlines for flights from 10 U.S. cities to Havana as early as this fall: Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, Frontier Airlines, JetBlue Airways, Southwest Airlines, Spirit Airlines, and United Airlines. Last month, flights were approved from five U.S. cities to nine other international airports. ](/news/2016/07/7/the-united-states-tentatively-approves-eight-of-12-that-applied-airlines-for-flights-from-10-u-s-cities-to-havana-as-early-as-this-fall.md) _Context: United Airlines_
6. [Arch Coal, the second largest coal-mining concern in the United States, files for chapter 11 protection because it has been hit hard by the collapsing market demand for that commodity. ](/news/2016/01/11/arch-coal-the-second-largest-coal-mining-concern-in-the-united-states-files-for-chapter-11-protection-because-it-has-been-hit-hard-by-the.md) _Context: Chapter 11_
7. [Jeff Smisek resigns as CEO of United Airlines due to allegations that he tried to improperly influence officials at the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. ](/news/2015/09/8/jeff-smisek-resigns-as-ceo-of-united-airlines-due-to-allegations-that-he-tried-to-improperly-influence-officials-at-the-port-authority-of-ne.md) _Context: United Airlines_
8. [A ground stop of all U.S. airport-based United Airlines (UAL) mainline flights following a system-wide network connectivity issue is lifted after a 1 hour, 21 minute suspension of morning service. The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA), which is also investigating, says all of United Continental Holdings Inc. regional airlines are now unaffected. This follows a similar issue on June 2, 2015 due to automation problems. ](/news/2015/07/8/a-ground-stop-of-all-u-s-airport-based-united-airlines-ual-mainline-flights-following-a-system-wide-network-connectivity-issue-is-lifted.md) _Context: United Airlines_
9. [American electronics retailer RadioShack files for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. ](/news/2015/02/5/american-electronics-retailer-radioshack-files-for-chapter-11-bankruptcy.md) _Context: Chapter 11_
10. [Borders Group, the once-major bookstore chain now in chapter 11 bankruptcy in the United States, says that its arrangement with stalking horse bidder Najafi Companies has collapsed, and it will seek a modification of bid procedures.  ](/news/2011/07/14/borders-group-the-once-major-bookstore-chain-now-in-chapter-11-bankruptcy-in-the-united-states-says-that-its-arrangement-with-stalking-hor.md) _Context: Chapter 11_
