## [2015-11-12](/news/2015/11/12/index.md)

### [Israeli agents, disguised as Arabs escorting a woman in labor, raids a hospital in Hebron, West Bank, seizing a Palestinian suspected of stabbing and shooting dead his cousin. ](/news/2015/11/12/israeli-agents-disguised-as-arabs-escorting-a-woman-in-labor-raids-a-hospital-in-hebron-west-bank-seizing-a-palestinian-suspected-of-sta.md)
IDF force enters hospital to arrest a man suspected of committing a stabbing attack, and shoots his cousin.

### [Kurdish forces, backed by U.S. airstrikes, capture several villages in an offensive to retake the Iraqi town of Sinjar from Islamic State militants, who overran it more than a year ago. The operation aims to cordon off the town, take control of Islamic State supply routes, and establish a buffer zone to protect the town from artillery, according to the Kurdish national security council. ](/news/2015/11/12/kurdish-forces-backed-by-u-s-airstrikes-capture-several-villages-in-an-offensive-to-retake-the-iraqi-town-of-sinjar-from-islamic-state-mi.md)
Kurdish forces who have launched an offensive to retake Sinjar from Islamic State militants expect to enter and clear the northern Iraqi town soon, the Kurdistan regional security council said on Thursday.

### [2015 Beirut bombings:Lebanese Interior Minister Nouhad Machnouk reports at least 43 people were killed and more than 239 wounded as two, simultaneous suicide bomb blasts hit a Shi'ite community center and a nearby bakery  in the Beirut suburb of Bourj el-Barajneh, a section of the Lebanese capital controlled by Hezbollah. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. Machnouk said a third suicide bomber had been killed by one of the explosions before he could detonate his own bomb. The bombers struck as Lebanese lawmakers held a legislative session for the first time in over a year. ](/news/2015/11/12/2015-beirut-bombings-plebanese-interior-minister-nouhad-machnouk-reports-at-least-43-people-were-killed-and-more-than-239-wounded-as-two-si.md)
BEIRUT: Two suicide bombers blew themselves up on a crowded street in a southern Beirut suburb Thursday, killing at least 43 people and wounding more than 200 in an attack claimed by ISIS and one of the deadliest to strike the country since the outbreak of the Syrian crisis, officials said. A third suicide bomber was also killed when the second attacker blew himself up, Health Minister Wael Abu Faour told reporters, saying many of the wounded were in critical condition. The attack during evening rush hour in the suburb of Burj al-Barajneh resembled the series of car bombs and suicide blasts carried out by Syria-based extremists targeting Shiite areas of the country in 2013 and early 2014 in response to Hezbollah&#39;s intervention in the Syrian war. &quot;People were lying on the floor, bloody, dead,&quot; one man told television reporters from the site of the attack. A witness told The Daily Star that crowds of people began to gather after hearing an explosion outside a coffee stand in the neighborhood of Ain al-Sikke. As they rushed to the site, a second blast went off roughly one minute later near a bakery about 30 meters away. ISIS claimed the attack in a statement posted online, saying the first attacker rode into a crowd of &quot;heretics&quot; on a motorbike. It used deregotive terms to refer to Shiites and Hezbollah. &quot;A soldier of the caliphate blew himself up in the stronghold of the heretics, and after the apostates crowded around the site of the explosion, a second martyr blew himself up using his explosive belt,&quot; the statement read. The extremist group vowed more attacks against Shiites. The Lebanese Army confirmed that two suicide attackers were behind the attack. In a statement, it said the corpse of the third suicide bomber showed that his explosive belt was not triggered by the blast that killed him. A photo alleged to be of the third suicide bomber broadcast on television showed him lying on the ground face up in a blue shirt with a pink Adidas logo and an in-tact suicide belt secured around his waste. One man told television reporters that he was at home talking on the phone when he heard the first blast outside his apartment. He said he ran to the balcony and saw dozens of people rushing toward the area when the second bomb went off. &quot;I&#39;ve been living in the suburbs all my life. I want to get out of here. It would be more honorable if I died in the sea,&quot; he said. Most local residents were charged with defiance, with crowds shouting pro-Hezbollah chants. The Health Ministry put the casualty toll at 43 dead and 239 wounded. Television footage showed ambulances rushing to the site of the blasts to tend to the victims, with pools of blood on the roads. Residents were seen using a vegetable cart to transport wounded, and security forces shot into the air to clear crowds that had assembled around the blast site. Footage from outside a local hospital showed people being rushed into the building on stretchers and wheelchairs. Others were carried in. Some wounded arrived to the hospital on the back of scooters. Prime Minister Tammam Salam declared Friday a day of mourning, describing the attack as &quot;cowardly&quot; and calling on Lebanese to unite. &quot;I pray that this tragedy is enough to wake politicians up so that they can put their differences aside so we can protect the country,&quot; he said in a statement. Speaker Nabih Berri said: &quot;They (the attackers) want to obstruct the country, but we won’t let them do that.&quot; Interior Minister Nouhad Machnouk vowed to punish those responsible for the attack. &quot;We will not be lenient in apprehending those behind these attacks,&quot; he said. Hussein Khalil, a top aide to Hezbollah chief Sayyed Hasan Nasrallah, described the attack as a &quot;crime against humanity,&quot; and not against a certain sect or party. &quot;It is not far fetched that ISIS and all of its monstrous affiliates are behind this attack,&quot; Khalil told reporters from the site of the blasts. He said that the attack provided reason for Lebanese people to stand by the army and Hezbollah, adding that the fight against terrorism was long from over. The Education Ministry declared all schools and universities closed Friday. It was the first time the ministry issues such a decision following an attack since the outbreak of the Syrian crisis. Syria-based extremist groups including ISIS and the Nusra Front have targeted civilian areas and security posts in Beirut&#39;s southern suburbs and Shiite regions in east Lebanon in more than a dozen separate attacks in 2013 and 2014. In one of the most deadly of those attacks, two suicide bombers targeted the Iranian embassy in the south Beirut area of Bir Hasan in November 2013, killing nearly 30 people. That attack was claimed by the Abdullah Azzam Brigades, an Al-Qaeda-linked group. Three months earlier, a car bomb ripped through the suburb of Ruwaiss, also killing about 30 people. Security forces have since assembled dozens of checkpoints at the entrances of Beirut&#39;s southern suburbs in a bid to quell the attacks. Thousands of Hezbollah fighters have been battling alongside government forces in the Syrian war since early 2013. Earlier this year, Hezbollah and the Syrian army launched a major offensive along the rugged Lebanon-Syria border to oust militants holed up there. The allied forces captured large swathes of territory in the area, known as Qalamoun, driving militants north, and seizing dozens of posts including factories used to assemble car bombs that were later blown up in Lebanon.

### [French-American Florent Groberg receives the Medal of Honor, becoming the first foreign-born Medal of Honor recipient of the War in Afghanistan. ](/news/2015/11/12/french-american-florent-groberg-receives-the-medal-of-honor-becoming-the-first-foreign-born-medal-of-honor-recipient-of-the-war-in-afghanis.md)
_Context: Florent Groberg, Medal of Honor, War in Afghanistan, foreign-born Medal of Honor recipient_

### [Mario Draghi, head of the European Central Bank, tells the European parliament in prepared testimony that the outlook for inflation is "weakening." The comment was taken to suggest the ECB will soon take a more stimulative stance on interest rates or money quantity. ](/news/2015/11/12/mario-draghi-head-of-the-european-central-bank-tells-the-european-parliament-in-prepared-testimony-that-the-outlook-for-inflation-is-weak.md)
Mario Draghi signaled that the European Central Bank is ready to boost its stimulus programs next month as inflation wanes and economic prospects worsen.

### [The city of Montreal in Canada begins dumping 2 billion gallons of raw sewage into the Saint Lawrence River, an action the mayor, Denis Coderre, says is necessary to make repairs and improvements to the city's wastewater system. The move has caused outrage among residents and environmentalists, while the hashtag "''#flushgate''" is being used on social media sites to voice opposition to the dumping effort. ](/news/2015/11/12/the-city-of-montreal-in-canada-begins-dumping-2-billion-gallons-of-raw-sewage-into-the-saint-lawrence-river-an-action-the-mayor-denis-code.md)
_Context: Canadian, Denis Coderre, Saint Lawrence River, city of Montreal, hashtag, social media_

### [The Valletta Summit on Migration concludes with European leaders setting up a fund to promote development in African countries, in return for help in the European migrant crisis. ](/news/2015/11/12/the-valletta-summit-on-migration-concludes-with-european-leaders-setting-up-a-fund-to-promote-development-in-african-countries-in-return-fo.md)
The Valletta Summit on Migration ended early this afternoon with a Final Declaration and Action Plan which Joseph Muscat described as &quot;an important first step for a two-way relationship&quot; between Europe and Africa. “The action plan shows maybe for the first time, the commitment by Europe to see...

### [The World Health Organisation (WHO) announced that maternal deaths will have fallen 44% between 1990 and 2015; although, this falls short of the United Nation's Millennium Development Goal of 75% reduction. ](/news/2015/11/12/the-world-health-organisation-who-announced-that-maternal-deaths-will-have-fallen-44-between-1990-and-2015-although-this-falls-short-of.md)
A United Nations report says pregnancy-related deaths have fallen by almost 50% since 1990, but only nine countries hit UN targets.

### [Two nephews of  Venezuelan First Lady Cilia Flores, who were arrested in Haiti by U.S. authorities on Tuesday, are indicted in New York for conspiring to smuggle cocaine into the United States. ](/news/2015/11/12/two-nephews-of-venezuelan-first-lady-cilia-flores-who-were-arrested-in-haiti-by-u-s-authorities-on-tuesday-are-indicted-in-new-york-for.md)
The pair were arrested in Haiti and flown to the U.S. on a Drug Enforcement Administration plane.

### [More than a dozen alleged ISIS-linked, terrorist members of Rawti Shax, a European offshoot of the Iraqi Kurdish jihadist network Ansar al-Islam,  are arrested in a coordinated, multi-nation sweep by police across Europe. The operation  dismantled an integrated cell in Italy, the United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, and Germany.  The group is accused of radicalizing fighters, planning attacks  targeting Norwegian and British diplomats in the Middle East, and planning to establish a caliphate in Iraq's Kurdistan region. ](/news/2015/11/12/more-than-a-dozen-alleged-isis-linked-terrorist-members-of-rawti-shax-a-european-offshoot-of-the-iraqi-kurdish-jihadist-network-ansar-al-i.md)
&quot;This is the most important international police operation in Europe in 20 years,&quot; Italian anti-terrorism chief Giuseppe Governale said.

### [Uzbek political prisoner Murod Juraev is finally released after being imprisoned for 21 years. ](/news/2015/11/12/uzbek-political-prisoner-murod-juraev-is-finally-released-after-being-imprisoned-for-21-years.md)
_Context: Human rights in Uzbekistan_

### [Russian Sports Minister Vitaly Mutko says there will be no boycott of next year's Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, and that he is ready to own up to some of the charges leveled in the World Anti-Doping Agency commission's massive report on doping, the Associated Press reports. ](/news/2015/11/12/russian-sports-minister-vitaly-mutko-says-there-will-be-no-boycott-of-next-year-s-olympics-in-rio-de-janeiro-and-that-he-is-ready-to-own-up.md)
_Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, Associated Press, Rio de Janeiro, Russia, Sports Minister, Vitaly Mutko, World Anti-Doping Agency, doping_

## [Previous Day...](/news/2015/11/11/index.md)

