### [2015-11-12](/news/2015/11/12/index.md)

# Israeli agents, disguised as Arabs escorting a woman in labor, raids a hospital in Hebron, West Bank, seizing a Palestinian suspected of stabbing and shooting dead his cousin. 

IDF force enters hospital to arrest a man suspected of committing a stabbing attack, and shoots his cousin.


### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/israel-news/.premium-1.685622)
2. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2015/11/13/world/middleeast/israel-west-bank-hospital-raid.html)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A Palestinian gunman enters a home in Negohot (an Israeli settlement in the West Bank, near Hebron), murders 7-month-old Shaked Avraham and 27-year-old Eyal Yeberbaum, and injures both of the baby girl's parents as they were celebrating the Jewish New Year. The shooter was later killed by Israeli security forces. The Palestinian Islamic Jihad claimed responsibility for the attack.](/news/2003/09/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-gunman-enters-a-home-in-negohot-an-israeli-settlement-in-the-west-bank-near-hebron-murders.md) _Context: Hebron, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
2. [UNESCO declares the old city of Hebron and the Cave of the Patriarchs, both in the West Bank, as world heritage sites. ](/news/2017/07/7/unesco-declares-the-old-city-of-hebron-and-the-cave-of-the-patriarchs-both-in-the-west-bank-as-world-heritage-sites.md) _Context: Hebron, West Bank_
3. [One Palestinian is killed and three Israeli soldiers injured in two attacks in the West Bank. According to the Israeli army, the Palestinian was shot dead after attempting to stab soldiers at a military checkpoint near the Beit Einun village in Hebron. In a second incident in the same area, a driver rammed and injured three Israeli paramilitary border policemen with his car before fleeing the scene. None of the three were injured seriously. ](/news/2015/11/1/one-palestinian-is-killed-and-three-israeli-soldiers-injured-in-two-attacks-in-the-west-bank-according-to-the-israeli-army-the-palestinian.md) _Context: Hebron, West Bank_
4. [Israeli border police shoot dead a 17-year-old girl after she approached them with a knife in the southern West Bank city of Hebron. ](/news/2015/10/25/israeli-border-police-shoot-dead-a-17-year-old-girl-after-she-approached-them-with-a-knife-in-the-southern-west-bank-city-of-hebron.md) _Context: Hebron, West Bank_
5. [Palestinian rioters set fire to the building containing Joseph's Tomb in the West Bank city of Nablus causing heavy damage to the structure before the fire is put out. Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemns the attack. ](/news/2015/10/16/palestinian-rioters-set-fire-to-the-building-containing-joseph-s-tomb-in-the-west-bank-city-of-nablus-causing-heavy-damage-to-the-structure.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
6. [Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-police-in-jerusalem-today-with-two-of-the-attackers-shot-dead-a.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
7. [The bodies of three kidnapped Israeli teenagers, including one with dual American citizenship, are found partially buried near Hebron on the West Bank. Shin Bet determined they were murdered shortly after being kidnapped, and is searching for two Hamas kidnappers and accomplices.](/news/2014/06/30/the-bodies-of-three-kidnapped-israeli-teenagers-including-one-with-dual-american-citizenship-are-found-partially-buried-near-hebron-on-the.md) _Context: Hebron, West Bank_
8. [Two Palestinians who attempt to rob an Israeli truck driver are shot dead in self defense near Hebron in the West Bank. ](/news/2012/06/17/two-palestinians-who-attempt-to-rob-an-israeli-truck-driver-are-shot-dead-in-self-defense-near-hebron-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Hebron, West Bank_
9. [Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu decides to make legal under Israeli law three settlement outposts in the occupied West Bank, to "formalise the status" of Bruchin and Rechelim, in the north, and Sansana, near Hebron in the south. The Palestinian Authority criticises the decision. ](/news/2012/04/24/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-decides-to-make-legal-under-israeli-law-three-settlement-outposts-in-the-occupied-west-bank-to-f.md) _Context: Hebron, West Bank_
10. [The government in the West Bank is largely ready to govern a Palestinian state, a United Nations report claims. ](/news/2011/04/13/the-government-in-the-west-bank-is-largely-ready-to-govern-a-palestinian-state-a-united-nations-report-claims.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
