### [2015-11-12](/news/2015/11/12/index.md)

# Russian Sports Minister Vitaly Mutko says there will be no boycott of next year's Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, and that he is ready to own up to some of the charges leveled in the World Anti-Doping Agency commission's massive report on doping, the Associated Press reports. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/9733dfa146214fe2ad8df024c039f20a/russian-sports-minister-mutko-rules-out-olympic-boycott)

### Related:

1. [Russian Sports Minister Vitaly Mutko says they will not open up a formal investigation into the doping scandals that were reported by the World Anti-Doping Agency last November, where it documented Russian athletes systematically taking banned performance-enhancing drugs with state support. ](/news/2016/04/8/russian-sports-minister-vitaly-mutko-says-they-will-not-open-up-a-formal-investigation-into-the-doping-scandals-that-were-reported-by-the-wo.md) _Context: Russia, Sports Minister, Vitaly Mutko, World Anti-Doping Agency_
2. [Darya Klishina, Russia's sole track and field competitor at the Rio Olympics, has her exemption to Russia's blanket ban revoked. Reportedly, new evidence  emerged in relation to a World Anti-Doping Agency report. Klishina is appealing the decision to the Court of Arbitration for Sport. ](/news/2016/08/13/darya-klishina-russia-s-sole-track-and-field-competitor-at-the-rio-olympics-has-her-exemption-to-russia-s-blanket-ban-revoked-reportedly.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, Russia, World Anti-Doping Agency_
3. [A World Anti-Doping Agency investigation into a Russian doping scandal recommends the suspension of Russian athletes from international competition and lifetime bans for five athletes, four coaches and an administrator. Among the athletes are London Olympic medalists Mariya Savinova-Farnosova and Ekaterina Poistogova. ](/news/2015/11/9/a-world-anti-doping-agency-investigation-into-a-russian-doping-scandal-recommends-the-suspension-of-russian-athletes-from-international-comp.md) _Context: Russia, World Anti-Doping Agency, doping_
4. [Contractors and suppliers for the Rio de Janeiro Olympic Games claim they are owed millions in unpaid debts. ](/news/2016/11/28/contractors-and-suppliers-for-the-rio-de-janeiro-olympic-games-claim-they-are-owed-millions-in-unpaid-debts.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, Rio de Janeiro_
5. [The leader of the Australian delegation says the country's athletes would not be checking in at the athletes' village  because it's unsafe for human habitation. Australian athletes have been staying at nearby Rio de Janeiro hotels. ](/news/2016/07/24/the-leader-of-the-australian-delegation-says-the-country-s-athletes-would-not-be-checking-in-at-the-athletes-village-because-it-s-unsafe-f.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, Rio de Janeiro_
6. [The International Olympic Committee states it considers all Russian athletes tainted by the country's state-run doping scheme but individual athletes can compete in 2016 Games if they are able to convince individual sports federations of their innocence. A daunting task for these organizations to handle hundreds of appeals just 12 days before the start of the Rio Games on 5 August. ](/news/2016/07/24/the-international-olympic-committee-states-it-considers-all-russian-athletes-tainted-by-the-countryas-state-run-doping-scheme-but-individu.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, Russia_
7. [The International Olympic Committee (IOC) upholds its ban on Russian track and field athletes participating in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro due to various doping scandals. IOC officials plan to gather next Tuesday to discuss the matter further. ](/news/2016/06/17/the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-upholds-its-ban-on-russian-track-and-field-athletes-participating-in-the-2016-summer-olympics-in-r.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, Rio de Janeiro_
8. [More than 150 prominent scientists worldwide send a letter to World Health Organization Director-General Margaret Chan calling for the postponement or relocation of the Rio de Janeiro 2016 Summer Olympics because of the widening Zika virus outbreak in Brazil, despite U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Tom Frieden's statement yesterday that "there is no public health reason to cancel or delay the Olympics." ](/news/2016/05/27/more-than-150-prominent-scientists-worldwide-send-a-letter-to-world-health-organization-director-general-margaret-chan-calling-for-the-postp.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, Rio de Janeiro_
9. [The Olympic flame is lit outside the Temple of Hera in Olympia, Greece, by Greek actress Katerina Lehou.  Brazilian volleyball legend Giovane Gavio starts the relay that will reach the capital Brasilia on May 3 for transport throughout the South American country by 12,000 torchbearers, arriving at Maracana Stadium in Rio de Janeiro on August 5. ](/news/2016/04/21/the-olympic-flame-is-lit-outside-the-temple-of-hera-in-olympia-greece-by-greek-actress-katerina-lehou-brazilian-volleyball-legend-giovan.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, Rio de Janeiro_
10. [At least two people are killed after  an oceanfront stretch of an elevated bike lane in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, collapses when it was hit by a strong wave. Two other people were rescued alive, while another may be missing. The bike lane was among the projects built in preparation for the 2016 Summer Olympics. No Olympic event will be held on the path. ](/news/2016/04/21/at-least-two-people-are-killed-after-an-oceanfront-stretch-of-an-elevated-bike-lane-in-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-collapses-when-it-was-hit-by.md) _Context: 2016 Summer Olympics, Rio de Janeiro_
