### [2015-11-12](/news/2015/11/12/index.md)

# The Valletta Summit on Migration concludes with European leaders setting up a fund to promote development in African countries, in return for help in the European migrant crisis. 

The Valletta Summit on Migration ended early this afternoon with a Final Declaration and Action Plan which Joseph Muscat described as &quot;an important first step for a two-way relationship&quot; between Europe and Africa. “The action plan shows maybe for the first time, the commitment by Europe to see...


### Source:

1. [Times of Malta](http://www.timesofmalta.com/articles/view/20151112/local/watch-valletta-summit-concluding-press-conference.591885)

### Related:

1. [European migrant crisis: Approximately fifty migrants are feared drowned off the coast of Morocco. Three men were rescued near Alboran Island near the coast of Spain. ](/news/2017/07/4/european-migrant-crisis-approximately-fifty-migrants-are-feared-drowned-off-the-coast-of-morocco-three-men-were-rescued-near-alboran-islan.md) _Context: European migrant crisis_
2. [European migrant crisis: The Italian Coast Guard reports that at least 20 migrants are killed when their 500-passenger boat capsizes in the Mediterranean Sea off Libya's coast. About 1,700 people have been rescued in 15 operations since Tuesday. ](/news/2017/05/24/european-migrant-crisis-the-italian-coast-guard-reports-that-at-least-20-migrants-are-killed-when-their-500-passenger-boat-capsizes-in-the.md) _Context: European migrant crisis_
3. [European migrant crisis: An Italian prosecutor says there are "telephone calls" between people smugglers in Libya and some non-governmental organizations. Frontex, the European Border and Coast Guard Agency, says the practices amount to a "taxi service". One NGO says "more would die" if they were not there. ](/news/2017/04/23/european-migrant-crisis-an-italian-prosecutor-says-there-are-telephone-calls-between-people-smugglers-in-libya-and-some-non-governmental.md) _Context: European migrant crisis_
4. [European migrant crisis: More than 2,000 migrants are rescued from the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Libya. ](/news/2017/04/14/european-migrant-crisis-more-than-2-000-migrants-are-rescued-from-the-mediterranean-sea-off-the-coast-of-libya.md) _Context: European migrant crisis_
5. [European migrant crisis: A boat carrying migrants sinks off the coast of Libya, with 97 people reported missing. 23 others were rescued by the Libyan coast guard. ](/news/2017/04/13/european-migrant-crisis-a-boat-carrying-migrants-sinks-off-the-coast-of-libya-with-97-people-reported-missing-23-others-were-rescued-by-t.md) _Context: European migrant crisis_
6. [European migrant crisis: The National Assembly of Hungary approves the automatic detention of all asylum seekers who enter the country. ](/news/2017/03/7/european-migrant-crisis-the-national-assembly-of-hungary-approves-the-automatic-detention-of-all-asylum-seekers-who-enter-the-country.md) _Context: European migrant crisis_
7. [European migrant crisis: Nearly five hundred African migrants swarm the border of Spain from Morocco. ](/news/2017/02/17/european-migrant-crisis-nearly-five-hundred-african-migrants-swarm-the-border-of-spain-from-morocco.md) _Context: European migrant crisis_
8. [European migrant crisis: Germany announces plans to start deporting newly-arrived migrants to Greece starting in March. According to EU's Dublin Regulation, asylum seekers must file for asylum in the member state they arrived in. ](/news/2017/01/12/european-migrant-crisis-germany-announces-plans-to-start-deporting-newly-arrived-migrants-to-greece-starting-in-march-according-to-eu-s-du.md) _Context: European migrant crisis_
9. [European migrant crisis: The National Assembly rejects Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban's bill to block the settlement of refugees in Hungary. The far-right Jobbik party abstained from the vote, arguing the immigration ban should apply to all foreigners, and not just refugees. ](/news/2016/11/8/european-migrant-crisis-the-national-assembly-rejects-hungarian-prime-minister-viktor-orba-n-s-bill-to-block-the-settlement-of-refugees-in.md) _Context: European migrant crisis_
10. [European migrant crisis: Two people are killed and two others injured after a fire breaks out in a migrant camp on the Greek island of Lesbos. The cause is currently under investigation, although some believe the fire was deliberately started in protest of poor living conditions, after a 66-year-old woman and a six-year-old child were killed in a gas explosion. ](/news/2016/11/25/european-migrant-crisis-two-people-are-killed-and-two-others-injured-after-a-fire-breaks-out-in-a-migrant-camp-on-the-greek-island-of-lesbo.md) _Context: European migrant crisis_
