### [2004-03-12](/news/2004/03/12/index.md)

#  Iraqi insurgents kill two U.S. soldiers in a roadside bomb attack near the Sunni Triangle town of Habbaniyah. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://story.news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&u=/ap/20040312/ap_on_re_mi_ea/iraq_us_soldiers_killed&cid=540&ncid=1473)

### Related:

1. [ Conflict in Iraq: In Baghdad, an American civilian contractor is shot near the Green Zone. The largest Sunni political party, Iraqi Islamic Party, calls for elections to be postponed for six months to allow better security and threatens a boycott. British troops join the operation to pacify the insurgency in the "Sunni Triangle." Iraqi police state they have arrested five suspected foreign fighters in the south. The Iraqi Minister of State says Iraqi National Guard discovered a small chemical and explosive lab in Falluja. ](/news/2004/11/26/conflict-in-iraq-in-baghdad-an-american-civilian-contractor-is-shot-near-the-green-zone-the-largest-sunni-political-party-iraqi-islamic.md) _Context: Sunni Triangle_
2. [ Conflict in Iraq: A peace agreement is reached in the Baghdad slum of Sadr City between the Iraqi government and local militants loyal to Shia cleric Muqtada al-Sadr. The militants will turn in medium and heavy weapons during a five-day grace period, and Iraqi and US forces will then take control of the area. ](/news/2004/10/9/conflict-in-iraq-a-peace-agreement-is-reached-in-the-baghdad-slum-of-sadr-city-between-the-iraqi-government-and-local-militants-loyal-to-s.md) _Context: rebel-held_
3. [ Conflict in Iraq: A suicide car bomb kills 16 and injures 24 people outside an Iraqi National Guard recruiting center in Anah, a roadside bomb kills a civilian and wounds four policemen in Basra, and a Kurdish tribal leader and his companion are shot dead in Mosul. ](/news/2004/10/6/conflict-in-iraq-a-suicide-car-bomb-kills-16-and-injures-24-people-outside-an-iraqi-national-guard-recruiting-center-in-anah-a-roadside-b.md) _Context: rebel-held_
4. [ Conflict in Iraq: On the third day of the assault on Samarra, which has left 125 insurgents and 70 civilians dead, U.S. and Iraqi government officials say they have secured 70 percent of the city. ](/news/2004/10/3/conflict-in-iraq-on-the-third-day-of-the-assault-on-samarra-which-has-left-125-insurgents-and-70-civilians-dead-u-s-and-iraqi-governmen.md) _Context: rebel-held_
5. [ United States warplanes launch sustained air strikes against the rebel-held city of Fallujah, following a breakdown in peace talks between the Iraqi government and representatives of the city. ](/news/2004/10/14/united-states-warplanes-launch-sustained-air-strikes-against-the-rebel-held-city-of-fallujah-following-a-breakdown-in-peace-talks-between.md) _Context: rebel-held_
6. [ Conflict in Iraq: A rocket attack in southern Baghdad kills two US soldiers and injures five others, while in the northern city of Mosul a suicide car bomb detonated near a U.S. military convoy kills a U.S. soldier and two Iraqis and injures 27 others. ](/news/2004/10/11/conflict-in-iraq-a-rocket-attack-in-southern-baghdad-kills-two-us-soldiers-and-injures-five-others-while-in-the-northern-city-of-mosul-a.md) _Context: rebel-held_
7. [ Conflict in Iraq: Two car bombs explode in Baghdad, killing at least 10 people and wounding 17, including a US soldier. ](/news/2004/10/10/conflict-in-iraq-two-car-bombs-explode-in-baghdad-killing-at-least-10-people-and-wounding-17-including-a-us-soldier.md) _Context: rebel-held_
8. [ Conflict in Iraq: Near the Sunni city of Fallujah, seven U.S. Marines and three Iraqi soldiers are killed in an ambush. Elsewhere, U.S. troops, backed by U.S. planes and Iraqi forces, raid the city of Najaf. The U.S. military tells residents to flee, mounts a pincer movement to trap the Mahdi army in the city center, and raids Moqtada al-Sadr's house again. ](/news/2004/09/6/conflict-in-iraq-near-the-sunni-city-of-fallujah-seven-u-s-marines-and-three-iraqi-soldiers-are-killed-in-an-ambush-elsewhere-u-s-tro.md) _Context: rebel-held_
9. [ Conflict in Iraq: U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell says, in an interview on the ABC television interview program "This Week," that the insurgency in Iraq is worsening, and that the aim of the insurgents is to disrupt the upcoming elections. ](/news/2004/09/26/conflict-in-iraq-u-s-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-says-in-an-interview-on-the-abc-television-interview-program-this-week-that-the.md) _Context: rebel-held_
10. [ Conflict in Iraq: The Muslim Council of Britain sends a delegation to Baghdad in the hopes of securing the release of Kenneth Bigley. ](/news/2004/09/24/conflict-in-iraq-the-muslim-council-of-britain-sends-a-delegation-to-baghdad-in-the-hopes-of-securing-the-release-of-kenneth-bigley.md) _Context: rebel-held_
