### [2006-08-3](/news/2006/08/3/index.md)

#  The Union of French Jewish Employers and Professionals (UPJF), Conseil Representatif des Institutions juives de France (CRIF), and the Vigilance Bureau against anti-Semitism (BVCA), have denounced a declaration made by French foreign minister Philippe Douste-Blazy who said while visiting Beirut on Monday that Tehran was "a stabilising element in the Middle East."




### Source:

1. [EJP](http://www.ejpress.org/article/10044)

### Related:

1. [ French President Jacques Chirac, in an interview with the ''International Herald Tribune'', says that if the Government of Iran produces one or two nuclear weapons it will pose little danger to its  neighbors. If Iran were to try to use a nuclear weapon against Israel, "It would not have gone off 200 meters into the atmosphere before Tehran would be razed to the ground." He later retracts his statements, saying he did not realize his comments were on the record. ](/news/2007/01/31/french-president-jacques-chirac-in-an-interview-with-the-international-herald-tribune-says-that-if-the-government-of-iran-produces-on.md) _Context: Middle East, Tehran_
2. [The first synchrotron in the Middle East, SESAME, opens in Jordan, marking a rare cooperation between Iran, Israel, Turkey, and the Palestinian Authority.  ](/news/2017/05/16/the-first-synchrotron-in-the-middle-east-sesame-opens-in-jordan-marking-a-rare-cooperation-between-iran-israel-turkey-and-the-palestin.md) _Context: Middle East_
3. [Tehran Mayor Mohammad-Bagher Ghalibaf and First Vice President Eshaq Jahangiri submit their candidacies as registration closes. The final list of approved candidates will be announced on April 27. ](/news/2017/04/15/tehran-mayor-mohammad-bagher-ghalibaf-and-first-vice-president-eshaq-jahangiri-submit-their-candidacies-as-registration-closes-the-final-li.md) _Context: Tehran_
4. [According to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute, the global transfer of weapons between 2012 and 2016 has been higher than any other five-year period since the end of the Cold War, with the Middle East increasing its weapon imports by 212%, second only to India, who accounted for 13% of the world's imports. ](/news/2017/02/20/according-to-the-stockholm-international-peace-research-institute-the-global-transfer-of-weapons-between-2012-and-2016-has-been-higher-than.md) _Context: Middle East_
5. [Search continues for missing firefighters in Tehran's Plasco Building site after the building's deadly fire and collapsing last day. ](/news/2017/01/20/search-continues-for-missing-firefighters-in-tehran-s-plasco-building-site-after-the-building-s-deadly-fire-and-collapsing-last-day.md) _Context: Tehran_
6. [The 17-story Plasco Building collapses after a blaze in Tehran, Iran. The building was evacuated but 30 firefighters have been killed in the collapse. ](/news/2017/01/19/the-17-story-plasco-building-collapses-after-a-blaze-in-tehran-iran-the-building-was-evacuated-but-30-firefighters-have-been-killed-in-the.md) _Context: Tehran_
7. [Hundreds of thousands of Iranians gather in Tehran for the funeral of former president Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani. ](/news/2017/01/10/hundreds-of-thousands-of-iranians-gather-in-tehran-for-the-funeral-of-former-president-akbar-hashemi-rafsanjani.md) _Context: Tehran_
8. [As many as 412 people have died in the last 23 days due to smog in Tehran, according to Iran's Health Ministry. All schools in the city have also been ordered to close as part of emergency measures. ](/news/2016/11/16/as-many-as-412-people-have-died-in-the-last-23-days-due-to-smog-in-tehran-according-to-iran-s-health-ministry-all-schools-in-the-city-have.md) _Context: Tehran_
9. [The United States Air Force deploys B-52 bombers to Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar to join operations against ISIL in Syria and Iraq. This is the first time they have been stationed in the Middle East since the end of the Gulf War in 1991. ](/news/2016/04/9/the-united-states-air-force-deploys-b-52-bombers-to-al-udeid-air-base-in-qatar-to-join-operations-against-isil-in-syria-and-iraq-this-is-th.md) _Context: Middle East_
10. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Middle East_
