### [2010-05-6](/news/2010/05/6/index.md)

# United States Baptist minister George Rekers, a campaigner who opposes homosexuality, responds to  allegations of a holiday in London/Madrid with a male prostitute he met at Rentboy.com. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/8665812.stm)

### Related:

1. [A London-based trader who traded on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange, Navinder Singh Sarao, accused of contributing to the 2010 Wall Street "flash crash" by placing bogus orders to spoof the market, fails in his legal bid to stop extradition and will now be sent to the United States to face trial where he is wanted by U.S. authorities on 22 criminal counts of wire fraud, commodities fraud, and market manipulation. A judge initially approved his extradition in March, and today his bid to launch an appeal against that decision was rejected, ending his 18-month legal fight. He will now be extradited within 28 days. ](/news/2016/10/14/a-london-based-trader-who-traded-on-the-chicago-mercantile-exchange-navinder-singh-sarao-accused-of-contributing-to-the-2010-wall-street.md) _Context: London, United States_
2. [In the stand-off between Britain and Ecuador over Julian Assange, WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange gives a speech critical of the United States' policy against Wikileaks, "dragging us all in a dark, repressive world in which journalists live under fear of prosecution", from the balcony of Ecuador's London embassy. ](/news/2012/08/19/in-the-stand-off-between-britain-and-ecuador-over-julian-assange-wikileaks-founder-julian-assange-gives-a-speech-critical-of-the-united-sta.md) _Context: London, United States_
3. [Having spread across the United States, anti-corruption Occupy Wall Street protests reach Canada, London, and The Hague. ](/news/2011/10/9/having-spread-across-the-united-states-anti-corruption-occupy-wall-street-protests-reach-canada-london-and-the-hague.md) _Context: London, United States_
4. [Demonstrations against the treatment of Bradley Manning:A protest against the alleged "appalling" treatment by the United States of Bradley Manning occurs in London, with supporters from Wales, where Manning attended school, attending. ](/news/2011/03/20/demonstrations-against-the-treatment-of-bradley-manning-pa-protest-against-the-alleged-appalling-treatment-by-the-united-states-of-bradley.md) _Context: London, United States_
5. [A London court is told that Saud bin Abdulaziz bin Nasir al Saud, a Saudi prince accused of murdering his servant after sexually assaulting him at a London hotel, could face the death penalty in Saudi Arabia, where homosexuality is illegal, over his alleged gay sex life. ](/news/2010/10/15/a-london-court-is-told-that-saud-bin-abdulaziz-bin-nasir-al-saud-a-saudi-prince-accused-of-murdering-his-servant-after-sexually-assaulting.md) _Context: London, homosexuality_
6. [ Over 1,500 complaints are received from American viewers after a gay kiss involving Adam Lambert is televised during an awards ceremony. ](/news/2009/11/24/over-1-500-complaints-are-received-from-american-viewers-after-a-gay-kiss-involving-adam-lambert-is-televised-during-an-awards-ceremony.md) _Context: United States, homosexuality_
7. [ The International Olympic Committee awards the 2016 Summer Olympics and the 2016 Summer Paralympics to Rio de Janeiro (Brazil). The other bidding cities were Chicago (United States), Tokyo (Japan) and Madrid (Spain). ](/news/2009/10/2/the-international-olympic-committee-awards-the-2016-summer-olympics-and-the-2016-summer-paralympics-to-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-the-other-b.md) _Context: Madrid, United States_
8. [ The Fellowship of Confessing Anglicans claims the debate over homosexuality may split the Church of England the way it has split the Episcopal Church in the United States. ](/news/2009/07/5/the-fellowship-of-confessing-anglicans-claims-the-debate-over-homosexuality-may-split-the-church-of-england-the-way-it-has-split-the-episco.md) _Context: United States, homosexuality_
9. [ The International Olympic Committee releases a shortlist of 2016 Summer Olympics bids consisting of Chicago, United States; Tokyo, Japan; Madrid, Spain; and Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. ](/news/2008/06/4/the-international-olympic-committee-releases-a-shortlist-of-2016-summer-olympics-bids-consisting-of-chicago-united-states-tokyo-japan-m.md) _Context: Madrid, United States_
10. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Hina Jilani leads a protest in London to ask for the release of all political prisoners and to vocalize the call for President Pervez Musharraf's resignation. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/7100762.stm (BBC)] United States Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte says President Pervez Musharraf should lift the state of emergency and free political opponents. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7100322.stm (BBC)] One person dies in a bomb explosion on a railway track near Peshawar targeted at a passenger train.date=December 2007](/news/2007/11/18/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-p-hina-jilani-leads-a-protest-in-london-to-ask-for-the-release-of-all-political-prisoners-and-to-vocalize.md) _Context: London, United States_
