### [2010-10-8](/news/2010/10/8/index.md)

# Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Two Hamas militants are killed, several others are injured and more are detained in an overnight Israeli military raid on Hebron in the Palestinian territories. A Hamas-affiliated group, the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades, threatens revenge attacks. 

Deaths reported after overnight military operation in West Bank town of Hebron.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/10/20101087303530816.html)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/video/middleeast/2010/10/2010108193525928326.html)
3. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/news/diplomacy-defense/idf-kills-two-hamas-militants-in-hebron-shootout-1.317867)
4. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Israel/Article.aspx?id=190682)
5. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/MiddleEast/Article.aspx?id=190684)

### Related:

1. [The bodies of three kidnapped Israeli teenagers, including one with dual American citizenship, are found partially buried near Hebron on the West Bank. Shin Bet determined they were murdered shortly after being kidnapped, and is searching for two Hamas kidnappers and accomplices.](/news/2014/06/30/the-bodies-of-three-kidnapped-israeli-teenagers-including-one-with-dual-american-citizenship-are-found-partially-buried-near-hebron-on-the.md) _Context: Hamas, Hebron, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
2. [Following last month's manslaughter conviction, Israeli soldier Elor Azaria is sentenced to 18 months in prison by a military court for, during a violent incident, his deadly shooting of the wounded, unarmed, prone Palestinian Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, who had stabbed a soldier last March in Hebron. ](/news/2017/02/21/following-last-month-s-manslaughter-conviction-israeli-soldier-elor-azaria-is-sentenced-to-18-months-in-prison-by-a-military-court-for-dur.md) _Context: Hebron, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
3. [ A Palestinian woman, in what was construed to be an attempt to stab Israeli Border Police officers at the entrance to the Tomb of the Patriarchs in Hebron, is shot and later dies. ](/news/2016/07/1/a-palestinian-woman-in-what-was-construed-to-be-an-attempt-to-stab-israeli-border-police-officers-at-the-entrance-to-the-tomb-of-the-patri.md) _Context: Hebron, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
4. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
5. [Following an appeal, 12-year-old Dima al-Wawi is freed from an Israeli prison. She is believed to be the youngest female Palestinian ever imprisoned.  Israeli civil law, which does not allow anyone under 14 to go to jail, did not affect her imprisonment.   Palestinian residents in the occupied territories are subject to military law that can sentence suspects as young as 12 to prison. ](/news/2016/04/24/following-an-appeal-12-year-old-dima-al-wawi-is-freed-from-an-israeli-prison-she-is-believed-to-be-the-youngest-female-palestinian-ever-im.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
6. [A Palestinian wielding an ax attacks an Israeli soldier near Hebron and is shot dead while two 12-year-old Palestinians in Jerusalem are arrested by Israeli Police with three knives concealed in their coats on suspicion of planning to carry out a stabbing attack. ](/news/2016/04/14/a-palestinian-wielding-an-ax-attacks-an-israeli-soldier-near-hebron-and-is-shot-dead-while-two-12-year-old-palestinians-in-jerusalem-are-arr.md) _Context: Hebron, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
7. [A 10-year-old Palestinian boy and his 6-year-old sister in Gaza are killed by fragments from a missile fired by an Israeli aircraft targeting  four Hamas training camps after four missiles landed in open areas in southern Israel late yesterday. ](/news/2016/03/12/a-10-year-old-palestinian-boy-and-his-6-year-old-sister-in-gaza-are-killed-by-fragments-from-a-missile-fired-by-an-israeli-aircraft-targetin.md) _Context: Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
8. [Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation" with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaza-will-fulfil-its-role-in-the-je.md) _Context: Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence.  ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapsed-a-nearby-house-killing-a-30-y.md) _Context: Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
10. [Israel launches an airstrike against an alleged Hamas base near Khan Yunis in retaliation for a rocket attack. ](/news/2014/12/20/israel-launches-an-airstrike-against-an-alleged-hamas-base-near-khan-yunis-in-retaliation-for-a-rocket-attack.md) _Context: Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
