### [2010-10-8](/news/2010/10/8/index.md)

# The International Criminal Court orders the resumption of the war crimes trial of Congolese militia leader Thomas Lubanga, who is on trial for using children under the age of 15 to fight for his militia during the civil war in the Democratic Republic of Congo. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5iRI2OIYp8VNh-2PEnBtM2K6mGMcw?docId=CNG.e4bfcb376f8ac09d47b6d71b8feac4c4.a81)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/asia-pacific/2010/10/201010814536512360.html)
3. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2010/WORLD/europe/10/08/netherlands.icc.congo/?hpt=T2)
3. [Cover Image](http://www.aljazeera.com/mritems/Images/2010/10/8/201010815822525580_20.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The International Criminal Court orders the first accused at The Hague, Thomas Lubanga from the Democratic Republic of the Congo accused of allegedly recruiting child soldiers, be freed. ](/news/2010/07/15/the-international-criminal-court-orders-the-first-accused-at-the-hague-thomas-lubanga-from-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-accused-of.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Thomas Lubanga, child soldiers_
2. [Congolese warlord Thomas Lubanga is sentenced to 14 years' imprisonment by the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands, after Lubanga's conviction of recruiting and using child soldiers and other human rights violations during the Ituri conflict on March 14. ](/news/2012/07/10/congolese-warlord-thomas-lubanga-is-sentenced-to-14-years-imprisonment-by-the-international-criminal-court-in-the-hague-netherlands-after.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Thomas Lubanga_
3. [ International Criminal Court judges severely criticize prosecutors in the case against Thomas Lubanga. ](/news/2008/06/16/international-criminal-court-judges-severely-criticize-prosecutors-in-the-case-against-thomas-lubanga.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Thomas Lubanga_
4. [ Thomas Lubanga, former leader of the Union of Congolese Patriots militia in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, becomes the first person arrested on behalf of, and then referred to the International Criminal Court for war crimes. ](/news/2006/03/17/thomas-lubanga-former-leader-of-the-union-of-congolese-patriots-militia-in-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-becomes-the-first-person.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Thomas Lubanga_
5. [The International Criminal Court has ruled that Ahmad al-Faqi al-Mahdi is liable for about EUR 2.7 million in personal damages for the destruction of Timbuktu's heritage sites, and that the victims (including Mali itself and the international community) be paid "individual, collective, and symbolic" reparations. The Trust Fund for Victims is to decide until 16 February 2018 how the amount will be paid (the Court has also recognized that the penniless al-Mahdi would be unable to pay). ](/news/2017/08/17/the-international-criminal-court-has-ruled-that-ahmad-al-faqi-al-mahdi-is-liable-for-about-a-2-7-million-in-personal-damages-for-the-destr.md) _Context: International Criminal Court_
6. [The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant against Mahmoud al-Werfalli for the war crime of murder following the circulation of several videos in which he appears to oversee the execution of over 30 prisoners. ](/news/2017/08/15/the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-against-mahmoud-al-werfalli-for-the-war-crime-of-murder-following-the-circulation.md) _Context: International Criminal Court_
7. [Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, son of late Muammar Gaddafi, is released in Zintan after requests from the eastern Libya-based government. He is sought by the International Criminal Court and was condemned to the death penalty by the Tripoli-based government. His whereabouts are now unknown. ](/news/2017/06/11/saif-al-islam-gaddafi-son-of-late-muammar-gaddafi-is-released-in-zintan-after-requests-from-the-eastern-libya-based-government-he-is-soug.md) _Context: International Criminal Court_
8. [A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-and-eleven-ot.md) _Context: International Criminal Court_
9. [Imprisoned former Congolese warlord Germain Katanga is ordered by the International Criminal Court to pay reparations to some of his victims in the first such ruling by the court. ](/news/2017/03/24/imprisoned-former-congolese-warlord-germain-katanga-is-ordered-by-the-international-criminal-court-to-pay-reparations-to-some-of-his-victims.md) _Context: International Criminal Court_
10. [Former Congolese Vice President and warlord Jean-Pierre Bemba, sentenced last year by the International Criminal Court (ICC) to 18 years in prison for war crimes, is given an additional 12 months and fined 300,000 euros for bribing witnesses during an earlier ICC trial. The court also handed jail terms and fines for alleged interference in his trial to members of his legal team. ](/news/2017/03/22/former-congolese-vice-president-and-warlord-jean-pierre-bemba-sentenced-last-year-by-the-international-criminal-court-icc-to-18-years-in.md) _Context: International Criminal Court_
