### [2010-10-8](/news/2010/10/8/index.md)

# TVNZ ''Breakfast'' race row: New Zealand issues an apology to India's External Affairs ministry over the "gratuitous and insulting" behaviour of its now suspended broadcaster Paul Henry, who works for the government-owned corporation television network TVNZ. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2010-10-07/new-zealand-apologizes-to-india-over-television-presenter-s-dikshit-remark.html)

### Related:

1. [TVNZ ''Breakfast'' race row:Suspended TVNZ broadcaster Paul Henry is embroiled in further controversy as his mockery of Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit is declared "racist" and "unacceptable" and New Zealand's ambassador to India is summoned for a dressing down. ](/news/2010/10/7/tvnz-breakfast-race-row-psuspended-tvnz-broadcaster-paul-henry-is-embroiled-in-further-controversy-as-his-mockery-of-delhi-chief-ministe.md) _Context: Breakfast, India, New Zealand, Paul Henry, TVNZ_
2. [Minister of Maori Affairs Pita Sharples adds his name to calls for suspended TVNZ broadcaster Paul Henry to be sacked after he manages to upset most of India. ](/news/2010/10/9/minister-of-maori-affairs-pita-sharples-adds-his-name-to-calls-for-suspended-tvnz-broadcaster-paul-henry-to-be-sacked-after-he-manages-to-u.md) _Context: India, Paul Henry, TVNZ_
3. [TVNZ ''Breakfast'' race row:''Breakfast'' broadcaster Paul Henry is suspended effective immediately by TVNZ after yesterday's controversial interview with John Key. The network had previously issued a statement in support of Henry.  ](/news/2010/10/5/tvnz-breakfast-race-row-p-breakfast-broadcaster-paul-henry-is-suspended-effective-immediately-by-tvnz-after-yesterday-s-controversial.md) _Context: Breakfast, Paul Henry, TVNZ_
4. [TVNZ race row:John Key pledges to continue fronting TVNZ's ''Breakfast'' amid calls by MPs for disgraced and suspended broadcaster Paul Henry to be sacked. ](/news/2010/10/10/tvnz-race-row-pjohn-key-pledges-to-continue-fronting-tvnz-s-breakfast-amid-calls-by-mps-for-disgraced-and-suspended-broadcaster-paul-hen.md) _Context: Paul Henry, TVNZ_
5. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
6. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
7. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
9. [At least 7 people are killed and 15 injured after gunmen fire upon a pilgrimage bus and a police vehicle, on the 11th day of the Amarnath Yatra pilgrimage in the Indian city of Anantnag. The attack is believed to be terror-related. ](/news/2017/07/10/at-least-7-people-are-killed-and-15-injured-after-gunmen-fire-upon-a-pilgrimage-bus-and-a-police-vehicle-on-the-11th-day-of-the-amarnath-ya.md) _Context: India_
10. [ Amid a stand-off between India and China over the disputed territory of Doklam which is claimed by Bhutan, the Indian National Congress denies the meeting of Rahul Gandhi with the Chinese ambassador to India. ](/news/2017/07/10/amid-a-stand-off-between-india-and-china-over-the-disputed-territory-of-doklam-which-is-claimed-by-bhutan-the-indian-national-congress-den.md) _Context: India_
