### [2010-10-8](/news/2010/10/8/index.md)

# Two Hamas militants are killed, several others are injured and more are detained in an overnight Israeli military raid on Hebron in the Palestinian territories. A Hamas-affiliated group, the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades, threatens revenge attacks. 

Deaths reported after overnight military operation in West Bank town of Hebron.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/10/20101087303530816.html)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/video/middleeast/2010/10/2010108193525928326.html)
3. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/news/diplomacy-defense/idf-kills-two-hamas-militants-in-hebron-shootout-1.317867)
4. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Israel/Article.aspx?id=190682)
5. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/MiddleEast/Article.aspx?id=190684)

### Related:

1. [The bodies of three kidnapped Israeli teenagers, including one with dual American citizenship, are found partially buried near Hebron on the West Bank. Shin Bet determined they were murdered shortly after being kidnapped, and is searching for two Hamas kidnappers and accomplices.](/news/2014/06/30/the-bodies-of-three-kidnapped-israeli-teenagers-including-one-with-dual-american-citizenship-are-found-partially-buried-near-hebron-on-the.md) _Context: Hamas, Hebron_
2. [At the 25th anniversary celebrations of Hamas in Gaza, Hamas leader in exile Khaled Mashal, who arrived in Gaza for the first time ever, declared in a speech he held at a mass rally that the Palestinian people will never compromise with Israel's existence and that the organization intends to gradually conquer the entire region which now includes both the State of Israel and the Palestinian territories, and would establish one Islamic state in that region. ](/news/2012/12/7/at-the-25th-anniversary-celebrations-of-hamas-in-gaza-hamas-leader-in-exile-khaled-mashal-who-arrived-in-gaza-for-the-first-time-ever-dec.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian_
3. [Mohammed Deif, the commander of the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades, Hamas' military wing in the Gaza Strip, says that the Palestinians will not give up until Israel "ceases to exist". ](/news/2010/12/25/mohammed-deif-the-commander-of-the-izz-ad-din-al-qassam-brigades-hamas-military-wing-in-the-gaza-strip-says-that-the-palestinians-will-n.md) _Context: Hamas, Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades_
4. [A Hamas militant is killed in Hebron after a shootout with the Israeli Defense Forces. ](/news/2010/04/26/a-hamas-militant-is-killed-in-hebron-after-a-shootout-with-the-israeli-defense-forces.md) _Context: Hamas, Hebron_
5. [ Islamist party Hamas' landslide victory in Palestinian elections ends four decades of rule by the Fatah party. Hamas secures 76 seats in the 132-member legislature through parliamentary elections. Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei announces he will resign and Fatah declares it will not join a Hamas-led coalition, although Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas plans to continue negotiations with Israel through the Palestine Liberation Organization.](/news/2006/01/26/islamist-party-hamas-landslide-victory-in-palestinian-elections-ends-four-decades-of-rule-by-the-fatah-party-hamas-secures-76-seats-in-th.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Amnesty International has called on the Israeli government to investigate the poisoning of Palestinian land, allegedly by Israeli settlers around Hebron ](/news/2005/04/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-amnesty-international-has-called-on-the-israeli-government-to-investigate-the-poisoning-of-palestinian-land.md) _Context: Hebron, Palestinian_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel kills senior Hamas official, Ismail Abu Shanab, by a missile strike in the Gaza Strip and sent tanks into the West Bank towns of Nablus, Jenin and Tulkarem in response to a deadly suicide bombing of a bus in Jerusalem. In Hebron, troops destroy the terrorist bomber's home. Hamas and Islamic Jihad end their participation in the cease fire (in response to Israel's action from the two groups' bombing), declaring themselves as enemies to the peace plan, and vow further terrorist acts. The militants demand that Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, leave their area of control.](/news/2003/08/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-kills-senior-hamas-official-ismail-abu-shanab-by-a-missile-strike-in-the-gaza-strip-and-sent-tanks-i.md) _Context: Hamas, Hebron_
8. [ 20 killed, 136 wounded by an explosion on board an Israeli bus in Jerusalem. Among the victims are several children. The explosion was caused by a Palestinian suicide bomber. The Palestinian Islamic Jihad in Hebron claims responsibility for the attack. There are conflicting reports that Hamas is responsible for the bombing. Israeli government reportedly freezes road map for peace negotiations. In the following days, two additional victims died of their wounds, raising the death toll to 22., see also: Jerusalem bus 2 massacre](/news/2003/08/19/20-killed-136-wounded-by-an-explosion-on-board-an-israeli-bus-in-jerusalem-among-the-victims-are-several-children-the-explosion-was-caus.md) _Context: Hamas, Hebron_
9. [Hamas, through Egyptian-mediated talks, agrees to dissolve its Gaza administration, hold talks with the Fatah West Bank government, and hold elections for a Palestinian unity government. ](/news/2017/09/17/hamas-through-egyptian-mediated-talks-agrees-to-dissolve-its-gaza-administration-hold-talks-with-the-fatah-west-bank-government-and-hold.md) _Context: Hamas_
10. [UNESCO declares the old city of Hebron and the Cave of the Patriarchs, both in the West Bank, as world heritage sites. ](/news/2017/07/7/unesco-declares-the-old-city-of-hebron-and-the-cave-of-the-patriarchs-both-in-the-west-bank-as-world-heritage-sites.md) _Context: Hebron_
