### [2016-11-16](/news/2016/11/16/index.md)

# The Saudi-led military coalition and the Houthis (Ansar Allah) arrive at a ceasefire agreement effective as of 17 November 2016, as a result of talks  led by US Secretary of State John Kerry with the region's leaders.

Kerry is seeking to end the fighting between the Houthis, allied to Iran, and the Saudi-backed government of the Yemeni president before Obama’s term ends


### Source:

1. [Arabian Business](http://www.arabianbusiness.com/yemen-conflict-may-end-soon-after-both-sides-said-agree-ceasefire-653090.html)
2. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/nov/15/yemen-houthis-saudi-coalition-ceasefire-john-kerry)

### Related:

1. [A Saudi-led coalition airstrike on a market in Al Hudaydah Governorate, Yemen, kills at least 20 civilians and six Houthi militants. ](/news/2017/03/10/a-saudi-led-coalition-airstrike-on-a-market-in-al-hudaydah-governorate-yemen-kills-at-least-20-civilians-and-six-houthi-militants.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen_
2. [Coalition troops take control of the strategic Yemeni port city of Mocha after driving out Houthi forces. ](/news/2017/02/7/coalition-troops-take-control-of-the-strategic-yemeni-port-city-of-mocha-after-driving-out-houthi-forces.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen_
3. [An air raid on a funeral in a village north of Sana'a kills at least eight women and children. The Houthis blames the Saudi-led coalition for the attack. ](/news/2017/02/16/an-air-raid-on-a-funeral-in-a-village-north-of-sana-a-kills-at-least-eight-women-and-children-the-houthis-blames-the-saudi-led-coalition-fo.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen_
4. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry arrives in Kiev, Ukraine, where he is expected to discuss ways of ending the conflict in the east of the country. The visit, along with his visit to Georgia yesterday, comes ahead of the NATO summit in Warsaw that will take place tomorrow. ](/news/2016/07/7/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-arrives-in-kiev-ukraine-where-he-is-expected-to-discuss-ways-of-ending-the-conflict-in-the-east-of-the.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Secretary of State_
5. [The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails-to-uphold-the-principles-of-democ.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Secretary of State_
6. [A Russian Su-27 jet intercepts a United States Air Force RC-135 reconnaissance plane while in international airspace over the Baltic Sea. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry says, "We condemn this kind of behavior. It is reckless. It is provocative. It is dangerous." ](/news/2016/04/17/a-russian-su-27-jet-intercepts-a-united-states-air-force-rc-135-reconnaissance-plane-while-in-international-airspace-over-the-baltic-sea-u.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Secretary of State_
7. [G7 foreign ministers meetingJohn Kerry, along with the other Group of Seven (G7) foreign ministers,  laid wreaths   at  Japan's Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum to the victims of the 1945 U.S. nuclear attack. Kerry  is  the first Secretary of State  to visit the memorial. Then-U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi was previously the highest-ranking U.S. official to visit the memorial, in 2008. The Hiroshima foreign ministers meeting is part of the preparations for the 42nd G7 summit the end of next month at Japan's Kashiko Island, Shima, Mie Prefecture. ](/news/2016/04/11/g7-foreign-ministers-meetingpjohn-kerry-along-with-the-other-group-of-seven-g7-foreign-ministers-laid-wreaths-at-japan-s-hiroshima-p.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Secretary of State_
8. [The Taliban, in a statement claiming responsibility for yesterday's rocket attacks into Kabul, Afghanistan, says the intended target was U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, who was in the capital to help defuse a crisis within the unity government.  Kerry had departed less than an hour earlier. No casualties have been reported. ](/news/2016/04/10/the-taliban-in-a-statement-claiming-responsibility-for-yesterday-s-rocket-attacks-into-kabul-afghanistan-says-the-intended-target-was-u-s.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Secretary of State_
9. [The Foreign Minister of Iran Mohammad Javad Zarif says that the country's missile program would not be up for discussion. This comes as United States Secretary of State John Kerry said last Thursday that the United States and its allies would only address Iran's concerns in the region if it makes it clear to all involved that it was prepared to cease provocative ballistic missile launches and tests. ](/news/2016/04/10/the-foreign-minister-of-iran-mohammad-javad-zarif-says-that-the-country-s-missile-program-would-not-be-up-for-discussion-this-comes-as-unit.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Secretary of State_
10. [A Saudi-led coalition spokesman announces they have exchanged prisoners with their  Houthi opponents and "welcome a pause in the  combat on the border."   Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said  the lull was important to deliver aid and medical supplies to people in northern regions of Yemen.  Yesterday, a Houthi delegation  was in Saudi Arabia for talks to end the war.  Al-Jubeir and his Yemeni counterpart noted  formal negotiations to end the fighting can  only take place under the auspices of the United Nations. ](/news/2016/03/9/a-saudi-led-coalition-spokesman-announces-they-have-exchanged-prisoners-with-their-houthi-opponents-and-welcome-a-pause-in-the-combat-on.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen_
