### [2004-02-15](/news/2004/02/15/index.md)

#  Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin goes on record that anyone found to be culpable in the sponsorship scandal, including himself, will be immediately discharged. The issue could delay the upcoming election until after the public enquiry is completed.




### Related:

1. [ Canadian federal election, 2006 - Canadian Governor General Michalle Jean formally dissolves Parliament, following Prime Minister Paul Martin's loss of a confidence vote, and calls a federal election for January 23, 2006. ](/news/2005/11/29/canadian-federal-election-2006-canadian-governor-general-michaelle-jean-formally-dissolves-parliament-following-prime-minister-paul-mar.md) _Context: Paul Martin, Prime Minister_
2. [ Prime Minister of Canada Paul Martin asks Governor General Adrienne Clarkson to dissolve Parliament; an election will be held on June 28. ](/news/2004/05/23/prime-minister-of-canada-paul-martin-asks-governor-general-adrienne-clarkson-to-dissolve-parliament-an-election-will-be-held-on-june-28.md) _Context: Paul Martin, election_
3. [Politics of Canada: Natural Resources Minister Herb Dhaliwal, Canada's first Indo-Canadian cabinet minister, announces he is leaving politics. Dhaliwal intends to quit his ministerial post when incoming Prime Minister Paul Martin swears in a new cabinet on December 12, and has indicated he will not seek re-election in the anticipated 2004 election. [http://www.cbc.ca/stories/2003/12/03/dhaliwal_031203]](/news/2003/12/3/politics-of-canada-natural-resources-minister-herb-dhaliwal-canada-s-first-indo-canadian-cabinet-minister-announces-he-is-leaving-politic.md) _Context: Paul Martin, election_
4. [The parliament of Papua New Guinea re-elects Peter O'Neill as Prime Minister, ending a chaotic election campaign marred by violence, which analysts fear may continue amid widespread voter unrest. ](/news/2017/08/2/the-parliament-of-papua-new-guinea-re-elects-peter-o-neill-as-prime-minister-ending-a-chaotic-election-campaign-marred-by-violence-which-a.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
5. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
6. [Following the Obama Administration's pledge of additional Special Operations troops to Iraq, several members of Iraq's ruling alliance state that only the Iraqi Parliament can authorize the action, and political associates of Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi report such a troop expansion would be unacceptable. Several members of Iraqi militias have also decried a deployment of more U.S. troops. During the pull out from Iraq, president Obama promised there would be no more "boots on the ground" in Iraq again. ](/news/2015/12/3/following-the-obama-administration-s-pledge-of-additional-special-operations-troops-to-iraq-several-members-of-iraqas-ruling-alliance-sta.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
7. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met today in Berlin with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu regarding the recent spate of violence between Palestinians and Israelis. Kerry will meet on Saturday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and King Abdullah of Jordan in Amman. ](/news/2015/10/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-met-today-in-berlin-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-regarding-the-recent-spate-of-violence.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
8. [Thousands of protesters defy curfew and march in Tunis, camping outside the government's main office complex and demanding that the Prime Minister and the old guard that served under former President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, step down. ](/news/2011/01/25/thousands-of-protesters-defy-curfew-and-march-in-tunis-camping-outside-the-government-s-main-office-complex-and-demanding-that-the-prime-mi.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
9. [Daniel Skahan, a 29-year-old from Ottawa, is charged 5,000 $ for mischief and possession of incendiary materials, for his role in setting a fire just outside of Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper's home. ](/news/2010/08/15/daniel-skahan-a-29-year-old-from-ottawa-is-charged-5-000-for-mischief-and-possession-of-incendiary-materials-for-his-role-in-setting-a.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
10. [Turkey's Prime Minister, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, describes Israel as the "main threat to peace" in the Middle East. ](/news/2010/04/7/turkey-s-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-describes-israel-as-the-main-threat-to-peace-in-the-middle-east.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
