### [2010-09-22](/news/2010/09/22/index.md)

# A Palestinian man is shot dead by an Israeli security guard in the East Jerusalem area of Silwan, during a clash between Israeli settlers and Palestinians. 

A Jewish settlement guard kills a Palestinian man in the East Jerusalem neighbourhood of Silwan after residents pelt his car with stones.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-11387964)

### Related:

1. [Arab-Israeli conflict. Violent clashes erupt between new Israeli settlers and Palestinians in the Silwan area of East Jerusalem with 13 Palestinians and four Israeli police injured. ](/news/2015/09/12/arab-israeli-conflict-violent-clashes-erupt-between-new-israeli-settlers-and-palestinians-in-the-silwan-area-of-east-jerusalem-with-13-pale.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Palestinians, Silwan_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. Mayor of Jerusalem Nir Barkat calls for the demolition of 22 Palestinian homes in the Silwan neighbourhood of East Jerusalem. Barkat wants to build a tourist centre, while Palestinians say it is "forced displacement". Members of Israel's Meretz say they will resign their city council seats in protest. ](/news/2010/06/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-mayor-of-jerusalem-nir-barkat-calls-for-the-demolition-of-22-palestinian-homes-in-the-silwan-neighbourhood.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Palestinian, Silwan_
3. [Israeli police clash with Palestinian protesters objecting to an "extremely provocative" march by settlers in Silwan in East Jerusalem, calling for the removal of Palestinians who live in the area. ](/news/2010/04/25/israeli-police-clash-with-palestinian-protesters-objecting-to-an-extremely-provocative-march-by-settlers-in-silwan-in-east-jerusalem-call.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Palestinian, Silwan_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015). Two assailants are shot dead by Israeli police after knife-wielding Palestinians attacked Israelis in Jerusalem and in the West Bank. Another four people, including a Palestinian assailant, are injured in incidents at an Israeli checkpoint outside the West Bank city of Nablus and at a tram station in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2015/10/30/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-two-assailants-are-shot-dead-by-israeli-police-after-knife-wielding-palestinians-attacked-israelis-in.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Palestinians_
5. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu orders a review of the status of certain Palestinian neighborhoods in East Jerusalem. Netanyahu says he is considering revoking residency status for Palestinians living there, according to Israel's Channel 2. ](/news/2015/10/26/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-orders-a-review-of-the-status-of-certain-palestinian-neighborhoods-in-east-jerusalem-netanyahu-sa.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Palestinians_
6. [U.S. President Barack Obama, in a formal visit to Israel and the Palestinian territories, states that "Palestinians deserve a state of their own". ](/news/2013/03/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-in-a-formal-visit-to-israel-and-the-palestinian-territories-states-that-palestinians-deserve-a-state-of-their.md) _Context: Palestinian, Palestinians_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. Israel presses on with the construction of thousands of new homes in West Bank and East Jerusalem, despite worldwide criticism and suggestions that officials in Palestine may go to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2012/12/19/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-presses-on-with-the-construction-of-thousands-of-new-homes-in-west-bank-and-east-jerusalem-despite.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Palestinian_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. During the opening of the General Assembly of the United Nations, the President of the Palestinian National Authority, Mahmoud Abbas, makes a bid for UN recognition in a unilateral declaration of a Palestinian state, which would exist in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank, and have East Jerusalem as its capital. ](/news/2011/09/23/israeli-palestinian-conflict-during-the-opening-of-the-general-assembly-of-the-united-nations-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Palestinian_
9. [Israel approves plans for two new buildings to be built in East Jerusalem, Palestine with the Palestinians currently living there to be evicted.](/news/2011/02/7/israel-approves-plans-for-two-new-buildings-to-be-built-in-east-jerusalem-palestine-with-the-palestinians-currently-living-there-to-be-evic.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Palestinian_
10. [Israeli riot police and Palestinian youths clash in the East Jerusalem neighbourhood of Silwan. ](/news/2011/01/14/israeli-riot-police-and-palestinian-youths-clash-in-the-east-jerusalem-neighbourhood-of-silwan.md) _Context: East Jerusalem, Silwan_
