### [2010-09-22](/news/2010/09/22/index.md)

# Radio Free Asia reports that North Korea's National Defense Commission held an emergency meeting presided over by Kim Jong-un to compromise the upcoming G20 summit in Seoul, South Korea. 

North Korea reportedly held a meeting earlier this month aimed at hampering the upcoming Seoul G20 summit slated to be held in November. This is according to Radio Free Asia which cited a source that is currently in Pyeongyang to participate in the upcoming Workers ̔ Party Convention. The source said an emergency meeting led by North Korean heir apparent Kim Jong-un was held in early September where the communist state defined the G20 summit as a political scheme among world powers with the goal of further isolating the North from the international community. At the meeting the report said the North discussed ways to continue fueling a sense of insecurity in the region and promoting anti-G20 protests held by pro-North Korean groups. 


### Source:

1. [Arirang News](http://www.arirang.co.kr/News/News_View.asp?nseq=107186&code=Ne2&category=2)
2. [Korea Times](http://www.koreatimes.co.kr/www/news/nation/2010/09/113_73409.html)

### Related:

1. [A Seoul-based radio station targeting North Koreans reports that a train carrying birthday gifts for North Korean future leader Kim Jong-un derailed, in what it describes as a possible act of revolt by opponents. South Korea's National Intelligence Service (NIS) states that it is checking the report. ](/news/2010/12/27/a-seoul-based-radio-station-targeting-north-koreans-reports-that-a-train-carrying-birthday-gifts-for-north-korean-future-leader-kim-jong-un.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, Seoul, South Korea_
2. [North Korea-South Korea relations: North Korean defectors: A group of 13 North Koreans working at a restaurant in an unidentified country defect en masse to South Korea, according to Seoul's Ministry of Unification. ](/news/2016/04/8/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korean-defectors-a-group-of-13-north-koreans-working-at-a-restaurant-in-an-unidentified-country.md) _Context: North Korea, Seoul, South Korea_
3. [ North Korea - South Korea relations: North Korean defectors: North Korea accuses South Korea of kidnapping its citizens and demands their immediate return after Seoul's Ministry of Unification said 13 of them had defected to South Korea from China, where they worked in a Pyongyang-operated restaurant. China says that the 13 people, a male manager and 12 young female employees, had legitimate passports and had freely exited China. ](/news/2016/04/12/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korean-defectors-north-korea-accuses-south-korea-of-kidnapping-its-citizens-and-demands-their.md) _Context: North Korea, Seoul, South Korea_
4. [North Korea-South Korea relations: South Korea's National Intelligence Service warns that North Korea is currently planning a "terrorist attack" on South Korea, saying Kim Jong-un himself gave the order to North Korea's State Security Department to make preparations for attacks. The NIS warning covered a large number of possible targets, including "subways, shopping malls, exhibition centers, power plants" as well as possible cyber attacks. ](/news/2016/02/18/north-korea-south-korea-relations-south-korea-s-national-intelligence-service-warns-that-north-korea-is-currently-planning-a-terrorist-a.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, South Korea_
5. [Korean border incidents: South Korean soldiers fire warning shots at a suspected North Korean drone near the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ). The "unidentified flying object" was spotted around 29 miles north of Seoul, near South Korea's Dora Observation Post. ](/news/2016/01/13/korean-border-incidents-south-korean-soldiers-fire-warning-shots-at-a-suspected-north-korean-drone-near-the-korean-demilitarized-zone-dmz.md) _Context: North Korea, Seoul, South Korea_
6. [North Korea's state media says Kim Yang-gon, a top aide to supreme leader Kim Jong-un and secretary of the ruling Workers' Party of Korea (WPK), who was also in charge of ties with South Korea, dies in a car crash. ](/news/2015/12/29/north-korea-s-state-media-says-kim-yang-gon-a-top-aide-to-supreme-leader-kim-jong-un-and-secretary-of-the-ruling-workers-party-of-korea-w.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, South Korea_
7. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: Kim Jong-un, the supreme leader of North Korea, announces that the country is now in possession of a hydrogen bomb, according to North Korean state media. Experts from South Korea however are skeptical about this claim. ](/news/2015/12/10/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-kim-jong-un-the-supreme-leader-of-north-korea-announces-that-the-country-is-now-in-possession.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, South Korea_
8. [Supreme Leader of North Korea Kim Jong-un orders the Korean People's Army to be on a war footing following the exchange of artillery fire with South Korea yesterday. ](/news/2015/08/21/supreme-leader-of-north-korea-kim-jong-un-orders-the-korean-people-s-army-to-be-on-a-war-footing-following-the-exchange-of-artillery-fire-wi.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, South Korea_
9. [The United States Secretary of State, John Kerry, assures South Korea of "ironclad" American security commitments on a visit to Seoul while accusing North Korea of a litany of crimes. ](/news/2015/05/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-assures-south-korea-of-ironclad-american-security-commitments-on-a-visit-to-seoul-while.md) _Context: North Korea, Seoul, South Korea_
10. [2013 Korean crisis:: North Korea issues an "ultimatum" to South Korea, demanding blanket apologies and an immediate cessation of anti-DPRK activities. Some protesters in Seoul were noted burning portraits of North Korean leaders on Monday, while North Korea celebrated the birthday of the late Kim Il-sung. The new threat comes amid what is otherwise perceived as an easing of tensions on the Korean Peninsula. North Korean authorities say that an attack may occur without warning at any moment. ](/news/2013/04/16/2013-korean-crisis-north-korea-issues-an-ultimatum-to-south-korea-demanding-blanket-apologies-and-an-immediate-cessation-of-anti-dprk-a.md) _Context: North Korea, Seoul, South Korea_
