### [2010-09-22](/news/2010/09/22/index.md)

# U.S. celebrity Paris Hilton is barred from entering Japan after pleading guilty to cocaine possession in Las Vegas, Nevada earlier in the week. 




### Source:

1. [Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/entertainment/hollywood/news-interviews/Hilton-blocked-from-entering-Japan/articleshow/6605444.cms)

### Related:

1. [US entertainer Paris Hilton agrees to a plea bargain with prosecutors in Las Vegas, Nevada, to avoid a jail sentence. ](/news/2010/09/17/us-entertainer-paris-hilton-agrees-to-a-plea-bargain-with-prosecutors-in-las-vegas-nevada-to-avoid-a-jail-sentence.md) _Context: Las Vegas, Nevada, Nevada, Paris Hilton, United States_
2. [U.S. pop singer Bruno Mars pleads guilty to cocaine possession in Las Vegas, Nevada. ](/news/2011/02/16/u-s-pop-singer-bruno-mars-pleads-guilty-to-cocaine-possession-in-las-vegas-nevada.md) _Context: Las Vegas, Nevada, Nevada, cocaine_
3. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: 2017 North Korean missile tests: North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-2017-north-korean-missile-tests-north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-tha.md) _Context: Japan, United States_
4. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-east.md) _Context: Japan, United States_
5. [Japan-United States relations: Over 50,000 people protest in Okinawa capital Naha against U.S. military presence on the Japanese island, spurred on by last month's arrest of an U.S. Marine veteran, civilian contractor for the rape and killing of a 20-year-old local woman. ](/news/2016/06/19/japan-united-states-relations-over-50-000-people-protest-in-okinawa-capital-naha-against-u-s-military-presence-on-the-japanese-island-s.md) _Context: Japan, United States_
6. [Lake Mead in Mohave County, Arizona, the largest reservoir in the United States, drops to its lowest level in history, declining to its lowest level since it was filled in the 1930s. The reservoir serves water to the states of Arizona, Nevada and California. ](/news/2016/05/21/lake-mead-in-mohave-county-arizona-the-largest-reservoir-in-the-united-states-drops-to-its-lowest-level-in-history-declining-to-its-lowe.md) _Context: Nevada, United States_
7. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: Amid growing concern about North Korea's ballistic missile capability, South Korea, Japan and the U.S. are to hold their first ever joint anti-missile exercise next month, according to South Korea's Ministry of National Defense. The three countries will practice "detecting and tracing a hypothetical North Korean missile," said a ministry official. ](/news/2016/05/17/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-amid-growing-concern-about-north-korea-s-ballistic-missile-capability-south-korea-japan-and-t.md) _Context: Japan, United States_
8. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: Japan's prime minister Shinzo Abe says he is considering sending Japanese Navy warships to the South China Sea to back-up U.S. naval operations, saying, "With regard to activity by the Self-Defense Forces in the South China Sea, I will consider it while focusing on what effect the situation has on Japan-s security." In response, China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson, Hong Lei, told Chinese state media that China will remain on -high alert for intervention by Japan in the South China Sea issue-. ](/news/2015/11/21/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-japan-s-prime-minister-shinza-abe-says-he-is-considering-sending-japanese-navy-warships-to-the.md) _Context: Japan, United States_
9. [Two nephews of Venezuelan First Lady Cilia Flores, who were arrested in Haiti by U.S. authorities on Tuesday, are indicted in New York for conspiring to smuggle cocaine into the United States. ](/news/2015/11/12/two-nephews-of-venezuelan-first-lady-cilia-flores-who-were-arrested-in-haiti-by-u-s-authorities-on-tuesday-are-indicted-in-new-york-for-c.md) _Context: United States, cocaine_
10. [Representatives from the United States, Japan and South Korea meet in Seoul on how to respond to North Korea's nuclear weapons program. ](/news/2015/05/27/representatives-from-the-united-states-japan-and-south-korea-meet-in-seoul-on-how-to-respond-to-north-korea-s-nuclear-weapons-program.md) _Context: Japan, United States_
