### [2010-04-6](/news/2010/04/6/index.md)

# About 103 people are killed in flooding and mudslides in Rio de Janeiro state in Brazil. Of the total, thirty-three people died in the city of Rio de Janeiro, while 33 were killed in the neighbouring city of Niteroi, 12 people dead in SGBPo Goncalo, and one in Petropolis. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/8605386.stm (BBC)] [http://english.aljazeera.net/news/americas/2010/04/201046151148528719.html (Al Jazeera)] [http://news.xinhuanet.com/english2010/world/2010-04/06/c_13239687.htm (Xinhua)] [http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5i3lzkJbjU27HrIF8LBB2DAuM3g-gD9ETMID82 (AP)] [http://www.estadao.com.br/noticias/geral,maior-temporal-em-44-anos-no-rj-ja-causou-103-mortes,534623,0.htm (O Estado de S. Paulo)]




### Related:

1. [Rescue efforts continue in Brazil in an attempt to locate around 200 people believed to have been buried in their homes by a large landslide in Morro do Bumba near Rio de Janeiro city in the state of Rio de Janeiro. ](/news/2010/04/9/rescue-efforts-continue-in-brazil-in-an-attempt-to-locate-around-200-people-believed-to-have-been-buried-in-their-homes-by-a-large-landslide.md) _Context: Brazil, Rio de Janeiro, Rio de Janeiro_
2. [Operation Car Wash: Brazilian police arrest EBX Group CEO Eike Batista for allegedly bribing officials in Rio de Janeiro, including former Governor of Rio de Janeiro Sergio Cabral Filho. ](/news/2017/01/30/operation-car-wash-brazilian-police-arrest-ebx-group-ceo-eike-batista-for-allegedly-bribing-officials-in-rio-de-janeiro-including-former-g.md) _Context: Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
3. [Zika virus epidemic: More than 150 prominent scientists worldwide send a letter to World Health Organization Director-General Margaret Chan calling for the postponement or relocation of the Rio de Janeiro 2016 Summer Olympics because of the widening Zika virus outbreak in Brazil, despite U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Tom Frieden's statement yesterday that "there is no public health reason to cancel or delay the Olympics." ](/news/2016/05/27/zika-virus-epidemic-more-than-150-prominent-scientists-worldwide-send-a-letter-to-world-health-organization-director-general-margaret-chan.md) _Context: Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
4. [At least two people are killed after an oceanfront stretch of an elevated bike lane in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, collapses when it was hit by a strong wave. Two other people were rescued alive, while another may be missing. The bike lane was among the projects built in preparation for the 2016 Summer Olympics. No Olympic event will be held on the path. ](/news/2016/04/21/at-least-two-people-are-killed-after-an-oceanfront-stretch-of-an-elevated-bike-lane-in-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-collapses-when-it-was-hit-by.md) _Context: Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
5. [Alleged Brazil serial killer, Sailson Jose das Gracas, confesses to 42 murders in Rio de Janeiro. ](/news/2014/12/11/alleged-brazil-serial-killer-sailson-jose-das-gracas-confesses-to-42-murders-in-rio-de-janeiro.md) _Context: Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
6. [Tens of thousands of Roman Catholics greet Pope Francis in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, during his first foreign trip as pontiff. ](/news/2013/07/23/tens-of-thousands-of-roman-catholics-greet-pope-francis-in-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-during-his-first-foreign-trip-as-pontiff.md) _Context: Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
7. [Three men are arrested for allegedly raping and robbing a foreign tourist on a minibus in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, amid concerns about security before the country hosts 2014 FIFA World Cup and the 2016 Summer Olympics. ](/news/2013/04/2/three-men-are-arrested-for-allegedly-raping-and-robbing-a-foreign-tourist-on-a-minibus-in-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-amid-concerns-about-securi.md) _Context: Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
8. [At least 16 people are dead after landslides in a mountainous area north of the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro. ](/news/2013/03/19/at-least-16-people-are-dead-after-landslides-in-a-mountainous-area-north-of-the-brazilian-city-of-rio-de-janeiro.md) _Context: Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
9. [Brazilian architect Oscar Niemeyer, best known for designing the main buildings of the capital Brasilia, dies at the age of 104 in a Rio de Janeiro hospital. ](/news/2012/12/5/brazilian-architect-oscar-niemeyer-best-known-for-designing-the-main-buildings-of-the-capital-brasalia-dies-at-the-age-of-104-in-a-rio-de.md) _Context: Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
10. [Three people are killed and 16 missing after three office buildings collapse in Cinelandia square in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. ](/news/2012/01/26/three-people-are-killed-and-16-missing-after-three-office-buildings-collapse-in-cinelac-ndia-square-in-rio-de-janeiro-brazil.md) _Context: Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
