### [2010-04-6](/news/2010/04/6/index.md)

# Announcement of first animals that spent their entire lives without oxygen were discovered in depths of Mediterranean Sea. They belong to three new species from phylum Loricifera. 

Several unicellular organisms (prokaryotes and protozoa) can live under permanently anoxic conditions. Although a few metazoans can survive temporarily in the absence of oxygen, it is believed that multi-cellular organisms cannot spend their entire life cycle without free oxygen. Deep seas include some of the most extreme ecosystems on Earth, such as the deep hypersaline anoxic basins of the Mediterranean Sea. These are permanently anoxic systems inhabited by a huge and partly unexplored microbial biodiversity. During the last ten years three oceanographic expeditions were conducted to search for the presence of living fauna in the sediments of the deep anoxic hypersaline L&#x27;Atalante basin (Mediterranean Sea). We report here that the sediments of the L&#x27;Atalante basin are inhabited by three species of the animal phylum Loricifera (Spinoloricus nov. sp., Rugiloricus nov. sp. and Pliciloricus nov. sp.) new to science. Using radioactive tracers, biochemical analyses, quantitative X-ray microanalysis and infrared spectroscopy, scanning and transmission electron microscopy observations on ultra-sections, we provide evidence that these organisms are metabolically active and show specific adaptations to the extreme conditions of the deep basin, such as the lack of mitochondria, and a large number of hydrogenosome-like organelles, associated with endosymbiotic prokaryotes. This is the first evidence of a metazoan life cycle that is spent entirely in permanently anoxic sediments. Our findings allow us also to conclude that these metazoans live under anoxic conditions through an obligate anaerobic metabolism that is similar to that demonstrated so far only for unicellular eukaryotes. The discovery of these life forms opens new perspectives for the study of metazoan life in habitats lacking molecular oxygen.


### Source:

1. [BMC Biology](http://www.biomedcentral.com/1741-7007/8/30/abstract)
2. [Nature](http://www.nature.com/news/2010/100406/full/464825b.html)

### Related:

1. [The Italian Coast Guard reports that at least 20 migrants are killed when their 500-passenger boat capsizes in the  Mediterranean Sea off Libya's coast. About 1,700 people have been rescued in 15 operations since Tuesday. ](/news/2017/05/24/the-italian-coast-guard-reports-that-at-least-20-migrants-are-killed-when-their-500-passenger-boat-capsizes-in-the-mediterranean-sea-off-li.md) _Context: Mediterranean Sea_
2. [More than 2,000 migrants are rescued from the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Libya. ](/news/2017/04/14/more-than-2-000-migrants-are-rescued-from-the-mediterranean-sea-off-the-coast-of-libya.md) _Context: Mediterranean Sea_
3. [Rescuers recovered 8 bodies and saved 1400 migrants adrift on the Mediterranean Sea today. ](/news/2016/11/22/rescuers-recovered-8-bodies-and-saved-1400-migrants-adrift-on-the-mediterranean-sea-today.md) _Context: Mediterranean Sea_
4. [Around 100 people are feared to have drowned in the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Libya. So far this week, 18 people are confirmed dead and 340 missing attempting to migrate to Europe. ](/news/2016/11/17/around-100-people-are-feared-to-have-drowned-in-the-mediterranean-sea-off-the-coast-of-libya-so-far-this-week-18-people-are-confirmed-dead.md) _Context: Mediterranean Sea_
5. [A Russian MiG-29 crashes in the Mediterranean Sea off the Syrian coast. The pilot ejected safely from the plane and is unhurt. ](/news/2016/11/14/a-russian-mig-29-crashes-in-the-mediterranean-sea-off-the-syrian-coast-the-pilot-ejected-safely-from-the-plane-and-is-unhurt.md) _Context: Mediterranean Sea_
6. [The Spanish-based Proactiva Open Arms NGO rescues more than 700 migrants in the Mediterranean Sea about 17 miles north of Sabratha, Libya. The rescued, who are from Nigeria, are transferred to the Italian Coast Guard.   ](/news/2016/08/28/the-spanish-based-proactiva-open-arms-ngo-rescues-more-than-700-migrants-in-the-mediterranean-sea-about-17-miles-north-of-sabratha-libya-t.md) _Context: Mediterranean Sea_
7. [Russian warships in the Mediterranean Sea fire cruise missiles at sites near Aleppo. The Russian Defense Ministry claims the strikes targeted the Islamist militant group Jabhat Fateh al-Sham.  ](/news/2016/08/19/russian-warships-in-the-mediterranean-sea-fire-cruise-missiles-at-sites-near-aleppo-the-russian-defense-ministry-claims-the-strikes-targete.md) _Context: Mediterranean Sea_
8. [A Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) ship rescues 209 people, including 50 children, from two dinghies in distress in the Mediterranean Sea but finds 22 dead bodies, 21 women and a child, lying in a pool of fuel in the bottom of one of the boats. The dinghies were 17 miles east of Tripoli, Libya. Cause of death is unknown, though an MSF official says it could be that fumes from mixed fuel and water rendered the people unconscious. The MSF ship is expected to arrive in the Sicilian port of Trapani on Friday.](/news/2016/07/20/a-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-ship-rescues-209-people-including-50-children-from-two-dinghies-in-distress-in-the.md) _Context: Mediterranean Sea_
9. [Bodies of 117 people, including  75 women, 36 men and six children, are recovered from a beach near Zuwarah, Libya, possibly from yesterday's capsize  in the Mediterranean Sea. ](/news/2016/06/3/bodies-of-117-people-including-75-women-36-men-and-six-children-are-recovered-from-a-beach-near-zuwarah-libya-possibly-from-yesterday.md) _Context: Mediterranean Sea_
10. [One of the flight recorders of EgyptAir Flight 804 has been fully repaired in Paris after being found in the Mediterranean Sea and will now be sent to Egypt to be analyzed. ](/news/2016/06/28/one-of-the-flight-recorders-of-egyptair-flight-804-has-been-fully-repaired-in-paris-after-being-found-in-the-mediterranean-sea-and-will-now.md) _Context: Mediterranean Sea_
