### [2012-05-25](/news/2012/05/25/index.md)

# The President of France, Franois Hollande, makes a surprise visit to Afghanistan to visit French troops. 

French&#x20;President&#x20;Fran&#x00E7;ois&#x20;Hollande&#x20;made&#x20;a&#x20;surprise&#x20;visit&#x20;to&#x20;Afghanistan&#x20;on&#x20;Friday&#x20;to&#x20;meet&#x20;with&#x20;French&#x20;troops&#x20;and&#x20;Afghan&#x20;President&#x20;Hamid&#x20;Karzai.&#x20;Hollande&#x20;defended&#x20;his&#x20;decision&#x20;to&#x20;withdraw&#x20;French&#x20;forces&#x20;from&#x20;the&#x20;country&#x20;by&#x20;the&#x20;end&#x20;of&#x20;the&#x20;year.


### Source:

1. [AFP via France 24](http://www.france24.com/en/20120525-hollande-makes-surprise-visit-afghanistan-soldiers-kabul)

### Related:

1. [2017 shooting of Paris police officers: One policeman has been killed and another has been critically injured after a man opened fire at police officers at the Champs-Elysees in central Paris. The gunman was killed while attempting to escape, and a bystander has been injured. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack although the claim is doubted. The President of France Francois Hollande says that all leads indicate that the attack was of a "terrorist nature". ](/news/2017/04/20/2017-shooting-of-paris-police-officers-one-policeman-has-been-killed-and-another-has-been-critically-injured-after-a-man-opened-fire-at-pol.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
2. [French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius announces his resignation. President Francois Hollande says he will nominate Fabius to lead the country's Constitutional Council. ](/news/2016/02/10/french-foreign-minister-laurent-fabius-announces-his-resignation-president-francois-hollande-says-he-will-nominate-fabius-to-lead-the-count.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
3. [French politics: French government and Socialist Party admit major defeat following the French municipal elections, 2014: The President of France Franois Hollande appoints Manuel Valls, previously Minister of the Interior, as the new Prime Minister. He replaces Jean-Marc Ayrault. ](/news/2014/03/31/french-politics-french-government-and-socialist-party-admit-major-defeat-following-the-french-municipal-elections-2014-the-president-of-f.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
4. [Voters in France go to the polls for the second round of the French presidential election, with Franois Hollande elected President. ](/news/2012/05/6/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-the-french-presidential-election-with-francois-hollande-elected-president.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
5. [Franois Hollande defeats Martine Aubry in a primary runoff election held by the French Socialist Party, becoming the party's official candidate to challenge incumbent President of France Nicolas Sarkozy in the 2012 presidential election. ](/news/2011/10/16/francois-hollande-defeats-martine-aubry-in-a-primary-runoff-election-held-by-the-french-socialist-party-becoming-the-party-s-official-candi.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
6. [War in Afghanistan:: President of France Nicolas Sarkozy visits Afghanistan to meet with the President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai and commander of the International Security Assistance Force David Petraeus before visiting French troops stationed in Surobi. ](/news/2011/07/12/war-in-afghanistan-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-visits-afghanistan-to-meet-with-the-president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-and-comma.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, President of France_
7. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A suicide bomber attacks a convoy in Afghanistan's Kabul province, killing a Georgian soldier and three civilians and wounding 13 others, including six Resolute Support personnel. ](/news/2017/08/3/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-convoy-in-afghanistan-s-kabul-province-killing-a-georgian-soldier-and-three.md) _Context: Afghanistan's_
8. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): An explosion kills at least 29 people and injures dozens more at a Shia mosque in Herat, Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/08/1/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-an-explosion-kills-at-least-29-people-and-injures-dozens-more-at-a-shia-mosque-in-herat-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's_
9. [Population displacement: The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five. ](/news/2017/06/19/population-displacement-the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2.md) _Context: Afghanistan's_
10. [War in Afghanistan: June 2017 Kabul mosque attack: A terrorist attack, involving a blast and gunfire, occurs at a Shia mosque in Kabul, Afghanistan, killing several people. ](/news/2017/06/15/war-in-afghanistan-june-2017-kabul-mosque-attack-a-terrorist-attack-involving-a-blast-and-gunfire-occurs-at-a-shia-mosque-in-kabul-afgh.md) _Context: Afghanistan's_
