### [2010-10-18](/news/2010/10/18/index.md)

# The Australian Government announces that it will establish two new Immigration detention centres in Northam, Western Australia and Inverbrackie, South Australia and end detention of children and family groups. 

The Australian government unveils plans for two more detention centres to accommodate an increasing number of asylum seekers.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-pacific-11562976)
2. [Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/national/children-to-be-released-under-changes-to-immigration-detention-20101018-16q1p.html)

### Related:

1. [ The government of Australia ends its mandatory detention of all asylum seekers. ](/news/2008/07/29/the-government-of-australia-ends-its-mandatory-detention-of-all-asylum-seekers.md) _Context: Australia's government, detention of children and family groups_
2. [ New South Wales, Queensland and South Australia as well as the Australian Capital Territory have agreed to hand over control of the Murray-Darling Basin to the federal government. Negotiations continue with Victoria. ](/news/2007/02/23/new-south-wales-queensland-and-south-australia-as-well-as-the-australian-capital-territory-have-agreed-to-hand-over-control-of-the-murray.md) _Context: Australia's government, South Australia_
3. [South Australia finalizes a deal with Tesla, spearheaded by tweets originating from CEO of Tesla Elon Musk, to install a battery system in the state. Tesla said in a statement that upon completion by December 2017, the system would be the largest lithium-ion battery storage project in the world, overtaking an 80 megawatt-hour power station at Mira Loma in California also built using Tesla batteries. ](/news/2017/07/7/south-australia-finalizes-a-deal-with-tesla-spearheaded-by-tweets-originating-from-ceo-of-tesla-elon-musk-to-install-a-battery-system-in-t.md) _Context: South Australia_
4. [The night parrot is confirmed sighted (and photographed) in Western Australia for first time in nearly 100 years. ](/news/2017/03/23/the-night-parrot-is-confirmed-sighted-and-photographed-in-western-australia-for-first-time-in-nearly-100-years.md) _Context: Western Australia_
5. [The High Court of Australia rules that Rod Culleton was ineligible for election as a candidate for Pauline Hanson's One Nation Party in Western Australia in the Federal election and is ineligible to serve in the Senate of Australia. ](/news/2017/02/3/the-high-court-of-australia-rules-that-rod-culleton-was-ineligible-for-election-as-a-candidate-for-pauline-hanson-s-one-nation-party-in-west.md) _Context: Western Australia_
6. [The state of South Australia suffers widespread blackouts triggered by severe weather conditions. ](/news/2016/09/28/the-state-of-south-australia-suffers-widespread-blackouts-triggered-by-severe-weather-conditions.md) _Context: South Australia_
7. [A fragment of the world's oldest ground-edge axe dated at between 45,000 and 49,000 years old is found in the Kimberley region of Western Australia. ](/news/2016/05/11/a-fragment-of-the-world-s-oldest-ground-edge-axe-dated-at-between-45-000-and-49-000-years-old-is-found-in-the-kimberley-region-of-western-au.md) _Context: Western Australia_
8. [Australian mining and materials company Arrium goes into voluntary administration with 7,000 jobs under threat in Australia, including 1,000 at the Whyalla Steelworks in South Australia. ](/news/2016/04/7/australian-mining-and-materials-company-arrium-goes-into-voluntary-administration-with-7-000-jobs-under-threat-in-australia-including-1-000.md) _Context: South Australia_
9. [Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) and the UN refugee agency, UNHCR, announce they are withdrawing from the so-called hotspots on the Greek islands because of the new EU-Turkey deal. UNHCR's Melissa Fleming says, "Under the new provisions, these sites (hotspots) have now become detention facilities." MSF's Marie Elisabeth Ingres says, "We will not allow our assistance to be instrumentalized (sic) for a mass expulsion operation, and we refuse to be part of a system that has no regard for the humanitarian or protection needs of asylum seekers and migrants." ](/news/2016/03/23/ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-and-the-un-refugee-agency-unhcr-announce-they-are-withdrawing-from-the-so-called-hots.md) _Context: detention facilities_
10. [Three people are unaccounted for and at least 135 structures are destroyed, including the historic Yarloop Workshops, following a bushfire in the small Western Australian town of Yarloop. Reports coming out of the area suggest the town of Yarloop has been almost completely destroyed with one local official, Murray Cowper, saying, "A big fireball came through and there was no way they were going to stop it. This could well be the end of the town". ](/news/2016/01/8/three-people-are-unaccounted-for-and-at-least-135-structures-are-destroyed-including-the-historic-yarloop-workshops-following-a-bushfire-i.md) _Context: Western Australia_
