### [2010-10-18](/news/2010/10/18/index.md)

# The Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD), a major United Nations gathering, meets in Japan to work out why governments have failed to stop the rapid rate of extinction and loss of habitats by 2010, as they vowed 8 years ago. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/science-environment-11561451)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/environment/2010/oct/18/china-wildlife-conservation-un-talks)

### Related:

1. [Japan advises the International Whaling Commission that it plans to resume hunting minke whales for scientific research in the Antarctic Ocean by the end of March 2016. The United Nations' International Court of Justice (ICJ) ruled in March 2014 that Japan's decades-old whale hunt in the Antarctic should stop, prompting Tokyo to cancel the bulk of its whaling for the 2014/2015 season. ICJ decisions were binding and cannot be appealed. ](/news/2015/11/28/japan-advises-the-international-whaling-commission-that-it-plans-to-resume-hunting-minke-whales-for-scientific-research-in-the-antarctic-oce.md) _Context: Japan, United Nations_
2. [Cuba defends North Korea by circulating an amendment to a European-Japanese draft resolution recommending the referral of North Korea to the International Criminal Court for crimes against humanity. ](/news/2014/11/13/cuba-defends-north-korea-by-circulating-an-amendment-to-a-european-japanese-draft-resolution-recommending-the-referral-of-north-korea-to-the.md) _Context: Japan, United Nations_
3. [The United Nations International Court of Justice rules that Japan's Antarctic whaling program is not scientific but commercial and forbids grants of further permits. ](/news/2014/03/31/the-united-nations-international-court-of-justice-rules-that-japan-s-antarctic-whaling-program-is-not-scientific-but-commercial-and-forbids.md) _Context: Japan, United Nations_
4. [South Korea announces plans to submit a claim to the United Nations to a larger portion of the East China Sea in a move which is likely to be disputed by the People's Republic of China and Japan. ](/news/2011/07/3/south-korea-announces-plans-to-submit-a-claim-to-the-united-nations-to-a-larger-portion-of-the-east-china-sea-in-a-move-which-is-likely-to-b.md) _Context: Japan, United Nations_
5. [A United Nations nuclear safety team looking into the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster claims that Japan underestimated the potential threat of tsunamis to nuclear power plants. ](/news/2011/06/1/a-united-nations-nuclear-safety-team-looking-into-the-fukushima-daiichi-nuclear-disaster-claims-that-japan-underestimated-the-potential-thre.md) _Context: Japan, United Nations_
6. [The UN Convention on Biological Diversity places a ban on geoengineering projects and experiments. ](/news/2010/10/29/the-un-convention-on-biological-diversity-places-a-ban-on-geoengineering-projects-and-experiments.md) _Context: Convention on Biological Diversity, United Nations_
7. [China rules out a meeting with Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan at the United Nations to resolve an ongoing diplomatic row, saying the timing is "not proper". ](/news/2010/09/21/china-rules-out-a-meeting-with-japanese-prime-minister-naoto-kan-at-the-united-nations-to-resolve-an-ongoing-diplomatic-row-saying-the-timi.md) _Context: Japan, United Nations_
8. [ Turkey, Austria, Japan, Mexico and Uganda are elected by the United Nations General Assembly to the Security Council. Iran and Iceland fail in their bids. ](/news/2008/10/17/turkey-austria-japan-mexico-and-uganda-are-elected-by-the-united-nations-general-assembly-to-the-security-council-iran-and-iceland-fail.md) _Context: Japan, United Nations_
9. [ Japan says it is considering whether a pre-emptive strike against North Korea's missile bases would be a violation of its constitution. This is ahead of a possible UN vote on sanctions against North Korea. ](/news/2006/07/10/japan-says-it-is-considering-whether-a-pre-emptive-strike-against-north-korea-s-missile-bases-would-be-a-violation-of-its-constitution-thi.md) _Context: Japan, United Nations_
10. [The Iraq Interim Governing Council announces the creation of a war crimes tribunal, to prosecute crimes against humanity committed under the Ba'ath Party rgime (14 July 1968 to 1 May 2003). [http://www.ajc.com/news/content/news/ap/ap_story.html/Intl/AP.V9823.AP-Iraq.html] [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3306605.stm]The European Commission announces it will investigate whether exclusion of Iraq war opponents from industrial contracts to rebuild the country constitutes a violation of WTO rules by the U.S. [http://www.reuters.co.uk/newsPackageArticle.jhtml;jsessionid=GGH0V1F5OSAHOCRBAE0CFFA?type=worldNews&storyID=419989&section=news] UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan condemns the "divisive" exclusion. [http://sify.com/news/international/fullstory.php?id=13331865]The People's Republic of China urges Japan not to send Japan Self-Defense Forces to Iraq.[http://famulus.msnbc.com/FamulusIntl/reuters12-10-182227.asp]](/news/2003/12/10/the-iraq-interim-governing-council-announces-the-creation-of-a-war-crimes-tribunal-to-prosecute-crimes-against-humanity-committed-under-the.md) _Context: Japan, United Nations_
