### [2010-10-18](/news/2010/10/18/index.md)

# The U.S. government has concluded that Chinese companies are bypassing UN sanctions on Iran and helping Iran to improve its missile technology and develop nuclear weapons, and has asked China to stop such activity. 




### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/10/17/AR2010101703723.html)

### Related:

1. [Talks between Iran and the five permanent members of the UN Security Council plus Germany break down without an agreement to end the eight-year-old impasse over Iran's nuclear program, after Iranian officials refused to negotiate unless preconditions including an immediate halt to UN sanctions on Iran were met. ](/news/2011/01/23/talks-between-iran-and-the-five-permanent-members-of-the-un-security-council-plus-germany-break-down-without-an-agreement-to-end-the-eight-y.md) _Context: ban on ballistic missile tests, nuclear scientist_
2. [Iran has continued covert attempts to purchase technology for its nuclear program through more than 350 companies, despite UN sanctions on Iran, the Norwegian newspaper "Aftenposten" reported, citing US diplomatic cables released by WikiLeaks. ](/news/2011/01/16/iran-has-continued-covert-attempts-to-purchase-technology-for-its-nuclear-program-through-more-than-350-companies-despite-un-sanctions-on-i.md) _Context: ban on ballistic missile tests, nuclear scientist_
3. [Russia will refund Iran for the canceled the sale of an air defense missile system following United Nations sanctions against Iran-s nuclear program ](/news/2010/10/7/russia-will-refund-iran-for-the-canceled-the-sale-of-an-air-defense-missile-system-following-united-nations-sanctions-against-iran-s-nucle.md) _Context: ban on ballistic missile tests, nuclear scientist_
4. [The United Nations Security Council imposes a fourth round of sanctions against Iran over its nuclear program. ](/news/2010/06/9/the-united-nations-security-council-imposes-a-fourth-round-of-sanctions-against-iran-over-its-nuclear-program.md) _Context: ban on ballistic missile tests, nuclear scientist_
5. [Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad postpones nuclear talks so as to -punish the West- for United Nations Security Council Resolution 1929 aimed at curbing the alleged development of Iranian nuclear weapons. ](/news/2010/06/28/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-postpones-nuclear-talks-so-as-to-punish-the-west-for-united-nations-security-council-resolution.md) _Context: ban on ballistic missile tests, nuclear scientist_
6. [Iranian nuclear program sanctions:: Iran's atomic energy chief says Iran will begin building a new nuclear reactor, and Iran will keep enriching uranium, despite UN nuclear sanctions. ](/news/2010/06/16/iranian-nuclear-program-sanctions-iran-s-atomic-energy-chief-says-iran-will-begin-building-a-new-nuclear-reactor-and-iran-will-keep-enric.md) _Context: ban on ballistic missile tests, nuclear scientist_
7. [Raytheon: Raytheon wins the dismissal of a USD$1 billion whistleblower lawsuit accusing the defense contractor of over billing the U.S. government on a contract for satellite sensors, nearly 18 months after the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit revived the case. ](/news/2017/08/3/raytheon-raytheon-wins-the-dismissal-of-a-usd-1-billion-whistleblower-lawsuit-accusing-the-defense-contractor-of-over-billing-the-u-s-gove.md) _Context: U.S. government_
8. [Iran confirms it has executed nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri by hanging for treason. Iranian judiciary spokesman Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i says Amiri was charged with spying for enemies of the Islamic Republic of Iran and that U.S. officials had been unaware that Iran was monitoring Amiri's efforts for the West. His body was returned to his family with rope marks around his neck. ](/news/2016/08/7/iran-confirms-it-has-executed-nuclear-scientist-shahram-amiri-by-hanging-for-treason-iranian-judiciary-spokesman-gholam-hossein-mohseni-eje.md) _Context: nuclear scientist_
9. [Nuclear program of Iran: The International Atomic Energy Agency states that Iran has complied with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, paving the way for international sanctions to be lifted by the United States and European Union. ](/news/2016/01/16/nuclear-program-of-iran-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-states-that-iran-has-complied-with-its-commitments-under-the-joint-comprehen.md) _Context: nuclear scientist_
10. [Nuclear program of Iran: The United Nations finds Iran's firing of a medium-range ballistic missile in October violated a June 2010 resolution banning the Islamic Republic from launches capable of delivering nuclear weapons. The test was not technically a violation of the July nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers. It's not known if the Security Council will take any action. ](/news/2015/12/15/nuclear-program-of-iran-the-united-nations-finds-iran-s-firing-of-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-in-october-violated-a-june-2010-resoluti.md) _Context: nuclear scientist_
