### [2010-10-18](/news/2010/10/18/index.md)

# The Latvian Defense Ministry said four NATO fighter jets from the Lithuanian Air Force Base near Siauliai were deployed when two Russian bombers flying in the neutral airspace almost entered Latvian air space. 




### Source:

1. [15 min](http://www.15min.lt/naujiena/aktualu/lietuva/dviem-rusijos-bombonesiams-priartejus-prie-latvijos-i-ora-buvo-pakelti-nato-naikintuvai-is-siauliu-56-120474)
1. [Cover Image](https://s1.15min.lt/static/cache/NTgweDMwMywsNjE2MTk3LG9yaWdpbmFsLCxpZD0yMjA0NzEmZGF0ZT0yMDEwJTJGMDglMkYyNSwzOTQzNjIzMjAy/1282743746img_1228.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ NATO welcomes seven new members, as Bulgaria, Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Romania, Slovakia and Slovenia formally became members by depositing their instruments of accession with the United States' government, though the countries will join officially next month at a NATO meeting. All but Slovenia were formerly members of the Warsaw Pact. ](/news/2004/03/29/nato-welcomes-seven-new-members-as-bulgaria-estonia-latvia-lithuania-romania-slovakia-and-slovenia-formally-became-members-by-deposit.md) _Context: Latvia, Lithuania, NATO_
2. [Russia deploys its S-400 missile system in Kaliningrad, an exclave between Poland and Lithuania, in response to "NATO expansion" near its borders. The United States criticizes the move as "destabilizing" to Europe. Russia announced the planned deployment over a decade ago. ](/news/2016/11/21/russia-deploys-its-s-400-missile-system-in-kaliningrad-an-exclave-between-poland-and-lithuania-in-response-to-nato-expansion-near-its-bo.md) _Context: Lithuania, NATO_
3. [Canada announces that it will deploy 1,000 soldiers of the Canadian Armed Forces to Latvia to bolster one of the four NATO battalions stationed there. ](/news/2016/07/1/canada-announces-that-it-will-deploy-1-000-soldiers-of-the-canadian-armed-forces-to-latvia-to-bolster-one-of-the-four-nato-battalions-statio.md) _Context: Latvia, NATO_
4. [The Secretary General of NATO Jens Stoltenberg says that the military alliance plans on sending four multinational battalions to Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania and Poland in order to boost their defense. However, Stoltenberg said that the battalions will only be deployed on a rotational basis instead of being based permanently. ](/news/2016/06/13/the-secretary-general-of-nato-jens-stoltenberg-says-that-the-military-alliance-plans-on-sending-four-multinational-battalions-to-estonia-la.md) _Context: Latvia, Lithuania_
5. [ Latvia and Lithuania become the latest EU member states to ratify the Treaty of Lisbon. ](/news/2008/05/8/latvia-and-lithuania-become-the-latest-eu-member-states-to-ratify-the-treaty-of-lisbon.md) _Context: Latvia, Lithuania_
6. [ The Schengen Agreement is expanded to include the seaports and land borders of the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia, and Slovenia. ](/news/2007/12/21/the-schengen-agreement-is-expanded-to-include-the-seaports-and-land-borders-of-the-czech-republic-estonia-hungary-latvia-lithuania-mal.md) _Context: Latvia, Lithuania_
7. [ EU enlargement: Ten new member states (Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia and Slovenia) join the European Union, increasing the EU's population by 75 million people to a total of roughly 455 million. ](/news/2004/05/1/eu-enlargement-ten-new-member-states-cyprus-the-czech-republic-estonia-hungary-latvia-lithuania-malta-poland-slovakia-and-sloveni.md) _Context: Latvia, Lithuania_
8. [The European Union invited Poland, Hungary, the Czech Republic, Slovakia, Slovenia, Latvia, Estonia, Lithuania, Cyprus and Malta to join. Expansion is scheduled for May 2004.](/news/2002/12/13/the-european-union-invited-poland-hungary-the-czech-republic-slovakia-slovenia-latvia-estonia-lithuania-cyprus-and-malta-to-join-ex.md) _Context: Latvia, Lithuania_
9. [ The European Commission of the European Union has announced that ten countries - Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia, and Slovenia - have met its criteria for entry, opening the way for an expansion of the EU from 15 member states to 25. The European Parliament has still to consider each candidate individually and the final decision will require the approval of the current member states.](/news/2002/10/9/the-european-commission-of-the-european-union-has-announced-that-ten-countries-a-cyprus-the-czech-republic-estonia-hungary-latvia-li.md) _Context: Latvia, Lithuania_
10. [Sweden starts its largest military exercise in over 20 years. Nearly 20,000 troops are set to participate, including a contingent of over 1,000 U.S. soldiers. The drills will take place on and around the island of Gotland, including soldiers from NATO countries. ](/news/2017/09/11/sweden-starts-its-largest-military-exercise-in-over-20-years-nearly-20-000-troops-are-set-to-participate-including-a-contingent-of-over-1.md) _Context: NATO_
