### [2010-10-18](/news/2010/10/18/index.md)

# The Sudanese government fires the special prosecutor for Darfur war crimes, in what the "Sudan Tribune" calls "an apparent bid to deflect the case of the International Criminal Court against President Omar al-Bashir". 




### Source:

1. [Sudan Tribune](http://www.sudantribune.com/spip.php?article36630)

### Related:

1. [The International Criminal Court charges Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir with three counts of genocide for his role in the Darfur conflict. ](/news/2010/07/12/the-international-criminal-court-charges-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-with-three-counts-of-genocide-for-his-role-in-the-darfur-conflict.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, conflict_
2. [Judges at the International Criminal Court rule that Sudan's president Omar al-Bashir could face charges of genocide over the War in Darfur. ](/news/2010/02/3/judges-at-the-international-criminal-court-rule-that-sudan-s-president-omar-al-bashir-could-face-charges-of-genocide-over-the-war-in-darfur.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, conflict_
3. [ Prosecutors at the International Criminal Court challenge a tribunal's decision not to indict Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir on charges of genocide in Darfur. ](/news/2009/07/7/prosecutors-at-the-international-criminal-court-challenge-a-tribunal-s-decision-not-to-indict-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-on-charges.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, conflict_
4. [ The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant for Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for a five-year campaign of violence in Darfur. ](/news/2009/03/4/the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-for-a-five-year-campaign-of-violence-in-dar.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir, conflict_
5. [ Prosecutor Luis Moreno-Ocampo of the International Criminal Court reports that crimes in the War in Darfur "required the sustained mobilization of the entire State apparatus" of Sudan. ](/news/2008/06/5/prosecutor-luis-moreno-ocampo-of-the-international-criminal-court-reports-that-crimes-in-the-war-in-darfur-required-the-sustained-mobiliza.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Sudanese cabinet, conflict_
6. [South Africa formally begins the process of withdrawing from the International Criminal Court amid a dispute over the country's refusal to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir at last year's African Union summit in Johannesburg. ](/news/2016/10/21/south-africa-formally-begins-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-amid-a-dispute-over-the-country-s-refusal-to-a.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir_
7. [South Africa reviews its participation in the International Criminal Court following a failed attempt to arrest the President of Sudan, Omar al-Bashir, on South African soil. ](/news/2015/06/25/south-africa-reviews-its-participation-in-the-international-criminal-court-following-a-failed-attempt-to-arrest-the-president-of-sudan-omar.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir_
8. [International Criminal Court investigation in Darfur: The High Court in Pretoria rules that the President of Sudan Omar Al-Bashir should be arrested in South Africa and detained pending a formal request from the International Criminal Court. However, immediately after the ruling, the South African Government announces that Al-Bashir has already departed. He is wanted in connection with the war in Darfur. ](/news/2015/06/15/international-criminal-court-investigation-in-darfur-the-high-court-in-pretoria-rules-that-the-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-should-be.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir_
9. [International Criminal Court investigation in Darfur: The International Criminal Court asks South Africa to arrest the President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir for alleged war crimes when he arrives at the African Union summit. ](/news/2015/06/14/international-criminal-court-investigation-in-darfur-the-international-criminal-court-asks-south-africa-to-arrest-the-president-of-sudan-om.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir_
10. [Sudanese general election, 2015: Sudan's Electoral Commission declares that incumbent President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir won re-election with 94.4 per cent of the vote extending his 25 year rule. He has been indicted multiple times by the International Criminal Court for being personally responsible for war crimes committed in Darfur and elsewhere in Sudan. ](/news/2015/04/27/sudanese-general-election-2015-sudan-s-electoral-commission-declares-that-incumbent-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-won-re-election-with.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Omar al-Bashir_
