### [2017-05-10](/news/2017/05/10/index.md)

# A spokesman for the Taiwan Affairs Office of People's Republic of China says Taiwan is barred from observing this year's World Health Assembly because current President Tsai Ing-wen has not endorsed the Beijing view that both sides belong to a single China under the One-China policy, a policy which is also shared by the United States; the spokesman further said that the health of people in Taiwan is not being put at risk by Taiwan's inability to attend. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-china-taiwan-idUSKBN1860BW)
2. [Voice of America](https://www.voanews.com/a/taiwan-rejection-from-who-assembly-further-strains-relations-with-china/3845764.html)

### Related:

1. [The People's Republic of China lodges a complaint with the United States after President-elect of the United States Donald Trump speaks with President of Taiwan Tsai Ing-wen. The PRC and the United States view Taiwan as a breakaway province. ](/news/2016/12/3/the-people-s-republic-of-china-lodges-a-complaint-with-the-united-states-after-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-speaks-with.md) _Context: One-China policy, People's Republic of China, Taiwan, Tsai Ing-wen, United States_
2. [United States President-elect Donald Trump holds a telephone conversation with Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen, the first known contact between a U.S. president or president-elect with a Taiwanese leader since the United States recognized the People's Republic of China in 1979. ](/news/2016/12/2/united-states-president-elect-donald-trump-holds-a-telephone-conversation-with-taiwanese-president-tsai-ing-wen-the-first-known-contact-bet.md) _Context: One-China policy, People's Republic of China, Tsai Ing-wen, United States_
3. [China is blocking Taiwan's efforts to join the International Civil Aviation Organization despite 58 million air passengers passing over Taiwan's flight information region annually, citing the One-China principle. ](/news/2016/08/4/china-is-blocking-taiwan-s-efforts-to-join-the-international-civil-aviation-organization-despite-58-million-air-passengers-passing-over-taiw.md) _Context: Cross-Strait relations, One-China policy, Taiwan_
4. [The People's Republic of China cuts communication mechanism with Taiwan after the new government refuses to acknowledge the One China policy. ](/news/2016/06/25/the-people-s-republic-of-china-cuts-communication-mechanism-with-taiwan-after-the-new-government-refuses-to-acknowledge-the-one-china-policy.md) _Context: Cross-Strait relations, People's Republic of China, Taiwan_
5. [China stages joint war games featuring mock beach landing, helicopter assaults and tank battles along its east coast, just days before the inauguration of Taiwanese president Tsai Ing-Wen. ](/news/2016/05/18/china-stages-joint-war-games-featuring-mock-beach-landing-helicopter-assaults-and-tank-battles-along-its-east-coast-just-days-before-the-i.md) _Context: Cross-Strait relations, Taiwan, Tsai Ing-wen_
6. [The President of Taiwan Ma Ying-jeou visits Taiping Island, Taiwan's largest island in the South China Sea, despite the United States warning it could provoke diplomatic tensions with the People's Republic of China and other nations in the area. ](/news/2016/01/28/the-president-of-taiwan-ma-ying-jeou-visits-taiping-island-taiwan-s-largest-island-in-the-south-china-sea-despite-the-united-states-warnin.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, Taiwan, United States_
7. [The People's Republic of China sends its first minister-level official to Taiwan to build ties with the self-governing island amid trade suspicions. ](/news/2014/06/25/the-people-s-republic-of-china-sends-its-first-minister-level-official-to-taiwan-to-build-ties-with-the-self-governing-island-amid-trade-sus.md) _Context: Cross-Strait relations, People's Republic of China, Taiwan_
8. [China and the United States officially resume military ties after a 10-month break following US arms sales to Taiwan, with the two countries emphasizing the importance of a close military dialogue. The two countries will also confer on maritime issues next month.](/news/2010/09/30/china-and-the-united-states-officially-resume-military-ties-after-a-10-month-break-following-us-arms-sales-to-taiwan-with-the-two-countries.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, Taiwan, United States_
9. [ The People's Republic of China and Taiwan begin their first formal talks in a decade on improving cross-strait relations. ](/news/2008/06/12/the-people-s-republic-of-china-and-taiwan-begin-their-first-formal-talks-in-a-decade-on-improving-cross-strait-relations.md) _Context: Cross-Strait relations, People's Republic of China, Taiwan_
10. [ Four state-owned enterprises of the Republic of China (Taiwan)--Chunghwa Post, the Chinese Petroleum Corporation, the China Shipbuilding Corporation, and the Central Bank of China--change their names to remove "China" from their titles at the request of President Chen Shui-bian. The decision is condemned by the Pan-Blue Coalition, the United States and People's Republic of China as a move towards Taiwan independence. ](/news/2007/02/12/four-state-owned-enterprises-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-achunghwa-post-the-chinese-petroleum-corporation-the-china-shipbuilding-c.md) _Context: People's Republic of China, Taiwan, United States_
