### [2016-04-15](/news/2016/04/15/index.md)

# North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: South Korea's Yonhap news agency reports that North Korea tried to launch a BM25 Musudan intermediate-range ballistic missile but was unsuccessful. 

Beijing issues sharp commentary after US and South Korea say regime carried out unsuccessful test-firing of Musudan missile for Kim Il-sung’s birthday


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-northkorea-missile-idUSKCN0XC010)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/apr/15/north-korea-missile-launch-fails-as-kim-il-sung-birthday-honoured)

### Related:

1. [North Korea-South Korea relations: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: South Korea reports that North Korea has tested two BM25 Musudan intermediate-range ballistic missiles. ](/news/2016/06/22/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-reports-that-north-korea-has-tested-two-bm25-m.md) _Context: BM25 Musudan, North Korea, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic, intermediate-range ballistic missile_
2. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea attempts again to launch a BM25 Musudan intermediate-range ballistic missile capable of striking South Korea or Japan but is unsuccessful. ](/news/2016/05/31/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-attempts-again-to-launch-a-bm25-musudan-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-capabl.md) _Context: BM25 Musudan, North Korea, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic, intermediate-range ballistic missile_
3. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: South Korea reports North Korea fired a Pukguksong-2 intermediate-range ballistic missile that flew 500 km before landing in the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/05/21/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-reports-north-korea-fired-a-pukguksong-2-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-that.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic, intermediate-range ballistic missile_
4. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: According to South Korea's Yonhap news agency, North Korea appears to be preparing a test-launch of an intermediate-range ballistic missile. This comes after what the United States described as the "fiery, catastrophic" failure of the first attempt a few days prior. ](/news/2016/04/26/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-according-to-south-korea-s-yonhap-news-agency-north-korea-appears-to-be-preparing-a-test-launc.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, Yonhap, intercontinental ballistic_
5. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea deploys one or two intermediate-range ballistic missiles on its east coast, possibly preparing for launch on or around Friday, the anniversary of the birth of the country-s founder Kim Il-sung, according to South Korea-s Yonhap news agency. ](/news/2016/04/14/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-deploys-one-or-two-intermediate-range-ballistic-missiles-on-its-east-coast-possibl.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, Yonhap, intercontinental ballistic_
6. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wansan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-acc.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
7. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: 2017 North Korean missile tests: U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-2017-north-korean-missile-tests-u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launc.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
8. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-east.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
9. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: South Korea claims that North Korea has fired several missiles from the Sohae Satellite Launching Station into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2017/03/6/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-several-missiles-from-the-sohae-satellite-launchi.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
10. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: According to South Korean and United States officials, a missile test in North Korea ends in failure, with the missile exploding seconds after launch. ](/news/2017/03/22/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-according-to-south-korean-and-united-states-officials-a-missile-test-in-north-korea-ends-in-fa.md) _Context: North Korea, South Korea, intercontinental ballistic_
