### [2016-04-15](/news/2016/04/15/index.md)

# Riot police violently break up an anti-Sisi protest in Cairo, Egypt. In the first sign of public discontent with President Sisi's rule, hundreds of people gathered and shouted slogans calling for his overthrow. 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/04/hundreds-egyptians-protest-red-sea-island-deal-160415132918378.html)

### Related:

1. [King of Saudi Arabia Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud announces, during his trip to Cairo, that a bridge crossing the Red Sea will be built, linking Egypt and Saudi Arabia. Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi says the bridge will be named after the Saudi monarch. A Saudi-Egypt Causeway project has been in the works for years. ](/news/2016/04/8/king-of-saudi-arabia-salman-bin-abdulaziz-al-saud-announces-during-his-trip-to-cairo-that-a-bridge-crossing-the-red-sea-will-be-built-lin.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Cairo, Egypt's, Egyptian President_
2. [An Egyptian court, while not final, reverses the decision by President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi to cede Tiran and Sanafir Island to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2016/06/21/an-egyptian-court-while-not-final-reverses-the-decision-by-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-to-cede-tiran-and-sanafir-island-to-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Egypt's, Egyptian President_
3. [Egyptian police raid the headquarters of the journalists' association in Cairo, and arrest two journalists with the opposition website Bawabet Yanayer, editor Amr Badr and reporter Mahmud el-Sakka, for alleged incitement to protest in violation of the law. ](/news/2016/05/1/egyptian-police-raid-the-headquarters-of-the-journalists-association-in-cairo-and-arrest-two-journalists-with-the-opposition-website-bawab.md) _Context: Cairo, Egypt's, police_
4. [Egypt tries 237 activists, who face jail terms of up to three years, arrested for protesting without permits against President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi. Thousands demonstrated this month following the Sisi government's decision to hand over two uninhabited islands in the Straits of Tiran to Saudi Arabia. Human Rights Watch says at least 382 had been arrested. ](/news/2016/04/30/egypt-tries-237-activists-who-face-jail-terms-of-up-to-three-years-arrested-for-protesting-without-permits-against-president-abdel-fattah.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Egypt's, Egyptian President_
5. [Two months after Egypt's Civil Aviation Ministry ruled out terrorism in Flight 9268's crash, President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi admits an ISIS bomb downed the Russian passenger jet. The terrorist group's Sinai Peninsula Branch claimed responsibility shortly after the incident. ](/news/2016/02/24/two-months-after-egypt-s-civil-aviation-ministry-ruled-out-terrorism-in-flight-9268-s-crash-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-admits-an-isis-b.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Egypt's, Egyptian President_
6. [Russian ministers led by Foreign Affairs Minister Sergey Lavrov including Defense Minister Sergey Shoygu arrive in Cairo and meet with their Egyptian counterparts including the head of Egypt's military General Abdel Fattah el-Sisi in talks over a new era of enhanced military co-operation. ](/news/2013/11/14/russian-ministers-led-by-foreign-affairs-minister-sergey-lavrov-including-defense-minister-sergey-shoygu-arrive-in-cairo-and-meet-with-their.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi, Cairo, Egypt's_
7. [Nine people are killed in Cairo, Egypt, as fighting between supporters and opponents of former President Mohamed Morsi continues. ](/news/2013/07/23/nine-people-are-killed-in-cairo-egypt-as-fighting-between-supporters-and-opponents-of-former-president-mohamed-morsi-continues.md) _Context: Cairo, Egypt's, Egyptian President_
8. [Egypt President Mohamed Morsi condemns sectarian violence and orders a probe after one person is killed in clashes at the Cairo headquarters of the Coptic Christian pope. ](/news/2013/04/8/egypt-president-mohamed-morsi-condemns-sectarian-violence-and-orders-a-probe-after-one-person-is-killed-in-clashes-at-the-cairo-headquarters.md) _Context: Cairo, Egypt's, Egyptian President_
9. [Egypt's top judges accuse President of Egypt Mohamed Morsi of staging an "unprecedented attack" on the judiciary, after he passes a decree granting himself extensive new powers. Critics and supporters have staged rallies. Crowds gathered in Cairo's Tahrir Square, vowing to stage a sit-in protest. ](/news/2012/11/24/egypt-s-top-judges-accuse-president-of-egypt-mohamed-morsi-of-staging-an-unprecedented-attack-on-the-judiciary-after-he-passes-a-decree-g.md) _Context: Cairo, Egypt's, Egyptian President_
10. [Opposition leaders in Egypt call for large protests after President of Egypt Mohamed Morsi passed a decree giving himself sweeping new powers. Protests for and against his decision are taking place in Cairo, and violence has occurred throughout Egypt. ](/news/2012/11/23/opposition-leaders-in-egypt-call-for-large-protests-after-president-of-egypt-mohamed-morsi-passed-a-decree-giving-himself-sweeping-new-power.md) _Context: Cairo, Egypt's, Egyptian President_
