### [2010-02-2](/news/2010/02/2/index.md)

# A hearing whether to repeal the Don't Ask, Don't Tell policy is held in the United States allowing the possibility of openly gay people to become active-duty members of the United States armed forces. ([http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/8494369.stm BBC]) 




### Related:

1. [ United States President Barack Obama announces he will end the "Don't ask, don't tell" policy against homosexuals serving in the U.S. military. ](/news/2009/10/10/united-states-president-barack-obama-announces-he-will-end-the-don-t-ask-don-t-tell-policy-against-homosexuals-serving-in-the-u-s-milit.md) _Context: United States, United States, don't ask, don't tell_
2. [The United States announces it will be sending 560 more United States Armed Forces soldiers to Iraq to help fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/07/11/the-united-states-announces-it-will-be-sending-560-more-united-states-armed-forces-soldiers-to-iraq-to-help-fight-against-isil.md) _Context: United States, United States_
3. [U.S. General Curtis Scaparrotti, the incoming head of the United States military forces in Europe, says he supports a permanent brigade-sized presence of U.S. combat troops in Eastern Europe to deter Russia's expanded and assertive actions. ](/news/2016/04/22/u-s-general-curtis-scaparrotti-the-incoming-head-of-the-united-states-military-forces-in-europe-says-he-supports-a-permanent-brigade-size.md) _Context: United States, United States_
4. [U.S. Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Joseph Dunford makes a proposal to President Barack Obama to increase the number of American troops in Iraq, so as to help the Iraqi Army with advisors closer to the front lines and to recapture Mosul, which fell to ISIL in June 2014. ](/news/2016/03/26/u-s-chairman-of-the-joint-chiefs-of-staff-joseph-dunford-makes-a-proposal-to-president-barack-obama-to-increase-the-number-of-american-troo.md) _Context: United States, United States_
5. [The Republican Speaker of the House Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell distance the party from presidential candidate Donald Trump's recent comments calling for a ban on Muslims entering the United States.  While not entering into a political fray - in view of U.S. partnerships with Muslim nations and Muslim personnel serving in the United States Armed Forces - the Pentagon press secretary calls anti-Muslim rhetoric a national security threat. ](/news/2015/12/9/the-republican-speaker-of-the-house-paul-ryan-and-senate-majority-leader-mitch-mcconnell-distance-the-party-from-presidential-candidate-dona.md) _Context: United States, United States_
6. [United States President Barack Obama praises U.S. troops and reflects on the U.S. withdrawal from Afghanistan during his annual Christmas message from Hawaii. ](/news/2014/12/25/united-states-president-barack-obama-praises-u-s-troops-and-reflects-on-the-u-s-withdrawal-from-afghanistan-during-his-annual-christmas-me.md) _Context: United States, United States_
7. [A United States military Sikorsky CH-53 Sea Stallion helicopter crashes near South Korea's border with North Korea, with no reported casualties. ](/news/2013/04/16/a-united-states-military-sikorsky-ch-53-sea-stallion-helicopter-crashes-near-south-korea-s-border-with-north-korea-with-no-reported-casualt.md) _Context: United States, United States_
8. [War in Afghanistan:President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai alleges that the U.S. armed forces are collaborating in some way with the Afghan Taliban in an effort to ensure that some troops remain after the scheduled 2014 pullout. ](/news/2013/03/10/war-in-afghanistan-ppresident-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-alleges-that-the-u-s-armed-forces-are-collaborating-in-some-way-with-the-afghan-t.md) _Context: United States, United States_
9. [President of the United States Barack Obama delivers a televised Oval Office address to the United States commemorating the end of United States armed forces being directly involved in fighting in Iraq. ](/news/2010/08/31/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-delivers-a-televised-oval-office-address-to-the-united-states-commemorating-the-end-of-united-st.md) _Context: United States, United States_
10. [A roadside bomb kills 4 United States troops in eastern Afghanistan. ](/news/2010/08/31/a-roadside-bomb-kills-4-united-states-troops-in-eastern-afghanistan.md) _Context: United States, United States_
