### [2010-02-2](/news/2010/02/2/index.md)

# Russia and Ukraine accuse each other of espionage, while the latter detains one Russian and expels four others. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/8494688.stm)
2. [Kyiv Post](http://www.kyivpost.com/news/nation/detail/58497/)
3. [RIA Novosti](http://en.rian.ru/russia/20100202/157756528.html)

### Related:

1. [War in Donbass. At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized. Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/war-in-donbass-at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine_
2. [War in Donbass. Russia-Ukraine relations. Ukraine sues Russia at the International Court of Justice, accusing the latter of being engaged in acts of "terrorism" and "discrimination" in eastern Ukraine and Crimea. ](/news/2017/01/16/war-in-donbass-russia-ukraine-relations-ukraine-sues-russia-at-the-international-court-of-justice-accusing-the-latter-of-being-engaged.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine_
3. [War in Donbass. The European Union extends its main Ukraine-related economic sanctions against Russia for six months until mid-2017. ](/news/2016/12/15/war-in-donbass-the-european-union-extends-its-main-ukraine-related-economic-sanctions-against-russia-for-six-months-until-mid-2017.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine_
4. [Ukrainian crisis. Russian military intervention in Ukraine (2014-present). Ukraine starts a missile test near Crimea, annexed by Russia in 2014, while Russia puts its air-defense and naval forces in the region on high alert. ](/news/2016/12/1/ukrainian-crisis-russian-military-intervention-in-ukraine-2014-present-ukraine-starts-a-missile-test-near-crimea-annexed-by-russia-in.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine_
5. [War in Donbass. German Chancellor Angela Merkel invites the presidents of Russia, Ukraine, and France to meet tomorrow in Berlin to discuss peace efforts in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2016/10/18/war-in-donbass-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-invites-the-presidents-of-russia-ukraine-and-france-to-meet-tomorrow-in-berlin-to-discuss.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine_
6. [Annexation of Crimea by the Russian Federation. Czech President Milos Zeman says in an interview that the Crimean peninsula can never be returned to Ukraine, notwithstanding the fact that it was "de facto" annexed by Russia. ](/news/2016/09/9/annexation-of-crimea-by-the-russian-federation-czech-president-milos-zeman-says-in-an-interview-that-the-crimean-peninsula-can-never-be-ret.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine_
7. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 17; 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine. Dutch-led investigators say Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 was downed over eastern Ukraine in 2014 by a Buk missile that had come from Russia. ](/news/2016/09/28/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-dutch-led-investigators-say-malaysia-airlines-flight-mh17-was-downed-over-e.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine_
8. [Ukrainian crisis. Russia's Federal Security Service (FSB) says it has thwarted two armed Ukrainian incursions into Crimea with at least two killed, including one FSB officer, following a "massive fire fight" with "sabotage-terrorist" groups. Ukraine denies the Russian claims. ](/news/2016/08/10/ukrainian-crisis-russia-s-federal-security-service-fsb-says-it-has-thwarted-two-armed-ukrainian-incursions-into-crimea-with-at-least-two.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine_
9. [Russia-European Union relations. Ukrainian crisis. The European Union extends economic sanctions on Russia until 31 January 2017 over Moscow's continued support for separatist rebels in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2016/07/1/russia-european-union-relations-ukrainian-crisis-the-european-union-extends-economic-sanctions-on-russia-until-31-january-2017-over-mosc.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine_
10. [United States presidential election, 2016. Alleged Russian hackers have penetrated the computer network of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) and have gained access to the entire database of research on Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump, according to committee officials and security experts. The DNC says that no financial, donor or personal information appears to have been accessed or taken, suggesting that the breach was traditional espionage, and not the work of criminal hackers. ](/news/2016/06/14/united-states-presidential-election-2016-alleged-russian-hackers-have-penetrated-the-computer-network-of-the-democratic-national-committee.md) _Context: Russia, espionage_
