### [2010-02-2](/news/2010/02/2/index.md)

# ''The Lancet'' medical journal issues a full retraction of a paper that caused a 12-year international controversy over alleged links between the MMR vaccine and autism. 

The Lancet medical journal formally retracted a paper on Tuesday that caused a 12-year international battle over links between the three-in-one childhood MMR vaccine and autism.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/health/8493753.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE61132920100202)

### Related:

1. [The UK's General Medical Council bans Dr. Andrew Wakefield, who was the first to publish research suggesting a connection between the MMR vaccine and autism, from practicing in the country, finding him guilty of "serious professional misconduct." ](/news/2010/05/24/the-uk-s-general-medical-council-bans-dr-andrew-wakefield-who-was-the-first-to-publish-research-suggesting-a-connection-between-the-mmr-va.md) _Context: MMR vaccine, autism_
2. [A ten-year-old boy from Florida with autism is arrested at school, and spends the night in a juvenile facility. Unknown to the family, the boy had an outstanding warrant for his arrest after kicking and scratching one of his educators. The Autism Society of America is looking into legal options. ](/news/2017/04/20/a-ten-year-old-boy-from-florida-with-autism-is-arrested-at-school-and-spends-the-night-in-a-juvenile-facility-unknown-to-the-family-the-b.md) _Context: autism_
3. [Tribeca Film Festival co-founder Robert De Niro announces the film, ''Vaxxed: From Cover-Up to Catastrophe'', will not be screened at the 2016 Festival as previously announced. "Grace [Hightower] and I have a child with autism and we believe it is critical that all of the issues surrounding the causes of autism be openly discussed and examined," Mr. De Niro said.  "... (our) Tribeca Film Festival team and others from the scientific community ...  do not believe (this film)  contributes to or furthers the discussion (about autism) I hoped for," the actor/producer said. ](/news/2016/03/26/tribeca-film-festival-co-founder-robert-de-niro-announces-the-film-vaxxed-from-cover-up-to-catastrophe-will-not-be-screened-at-the-20.md) _Context: autism_
4. [Swiss research,  published in the medical journal ''The Lancet'', found that paracetamol -- sold as Tylenol and as a generic, acetaminophen,  in the United States -- was not effective at reducing pain or improving movement in patients with osteoarthritis of the knee or hip. The analysis examined 74 randomly-selected trials published between 1980 and 2015 with 58,556 patients who had osteoarthritis. The study did find the prescription drug diclofenac, sold in the U.S. as Cataflam or Voltaren,  is the most effective NSAID available. McNeil Consumer Healthcare, the makers of Tylenol, disagree with the study's conclusions. ](/news/2016/03/18/swiss-research-published-in-the-medical-journal-the-lancet-found-that-paracetamol-sold-as-tylenol-and-as-a-generic-acetaminophen.md) _Context: The Lancet_
5. [Researchers at University College London report in ''The Lancet''  that an  annual blood test could help reduce women's risk of dying from ovarian cancer by about 20 percent. ](/news/2015/12/17/researchers-at-university-college-london-report-in-the-lancet-that-an-annual-blood-test-could-help-reduce-women-s-risk-of-dying-from-o.md) _Context: The Lancet_
6. [A study in the medical journal ''The Lancet'' states that babies who are breastfed were more likely to have higher IQs, spend more time in school, and end up in higher-paying jobs. ](/news/2015/03/18/a-study-in-the-medical-journal-the-lancet-states-that-babies-who-are-breastfed-were-more-likely-to-have-higher-iqs-spend-more-time-in-s.md) _Context: The Lancet_
7. [A report sponsored by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and published online by ''the Lancet'' finds that 30% of the world's population is overweight or obese. ](/news/2014/05/29/a-report-sponsored-by-the-bill-melinda-gates-foundation-and-published-online-by-the-lancet-finds-that-30-of-the-world-s-population-is.md) _Context: The Lancet_
8. [A study published in ''The Journal of Pediatrics'' confirms that there is no scientific evidence of a link between vaccines and autism. ](/news/2013/03/29/a-study-published-in-the-journal-of-pediatrics-confirms-that-there-is-no-scientific-evidence-of-a-link-between-vaccines-and-autism.md) _Context: autism_
9. [A study finds common genetic links between five major psychiatric disorders: autism, ADHD, bipolar disorder, depression, and schizophrenia. ](/news/2013/02/28/a-study-finds-common-genetic-links-between-five-major-psychiatric-disorders-autism-adhd-bipolar-disorder-depression-and-schizophrenia.md) _Context: autism_
10. [A new study published in ''The Lancet'' finds that up to 90 per cent of school-leavers in Asia's major cities are suffering from myopia, or short-sightedness and that 10 to 20 per cent have high myopia, which can lead to blindness. ](/news/2012/05/4/a-new-study-published-in-the-lancet-finds-that-up-to-90-per-cent-of-school-leavers-in-asia-s-major-cities-are-suffering-from-myopia-or.md) _Context: The Lancet_
