### [2008-04-3](/news/2008/04/3/index.md)

#  At its summit in Bucharest, NATO invites Albania and Croatia to join the alliance. 




### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/story/2008/04/02/ST2008040200937.html)

### Related:

1. [ Albania and Croatia join the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. ](/news/2009/04/1/albania-and-croatia-join-the-north-atlantic-treaty-organization.md) _Context: Albania, Croatia, NATO_
2. [ Republic of Macedonia, Albania and Serbian autonomous province of Kosovo are experiencing blackouts as a result of the 2007 European heatwave that spreads over the Balkans. It also causes bushfires everywhere in the region between Croatia, Hungary, Serbia and Greece. ](/news/2007/07/24/republic-of-macedonia-albania-and-serbian-autonomous-province-of-kosovo-are-experiencing-blackouts-as-a-result-of-the-2007-european-heatwa.md) _Context: Albania, Croatia_
3. [ Albania, Bulgaria, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Croatia, Moldova, Montenegro, Romania, Serbia, Republic of Macedonia, and Kosovo sign the Central European Free Trade Agreement extending the free trade zone to southeastern Europe. ](/news/2006/12/20/albania-bulgaria-bosnia-and-herzegovina-croatia-moldova-montenegro-romania-serbia-republic-of-macedonia-and-kosovo-sign-the-centra.md) _Context: Albania, Croatia_
4. [Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons. The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-12.md) _Context: NATO_
5. [Montenegro-NATO relations. Montenegro officially joins NATO as its 29th member at a ceremony in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2017/06/5/montenegro-nato-relations-montenegro-officially-joins-nato-as-its-29th-member-at-a-ceremony-in-washington-d-c.md) _Context: NATO_
6. [Albanian parliamentary election, 2017. Voters in Albania go to the polls in an election important to the country's European Union candidacy, with both the ruling Socialist Party and the rival Democratic Party looking to gain a majority in the country's parliament. Voting is extended by one hour because of Eid al-Fitr celebrations and 39{{nbsp}}degC (102{{nbsp}}degF) degree temperatures. ](/news/2017/06/25/albanian-parliamentary-election-2017-voters-in-albania-go-to-the-polls-in-an-election-important-to-the-country-s-european-union-candidacy.md) _Context: Albania_
7. [Russia-United States relations. Iran-United States relations. The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/russia-united-states-relations-iran-united-states-relations-the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping.md) _Context: NATO_
8. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). A suicide bombing attack on a NATO convoy in Kabul kills eight civilians and wounds at least 28 people. ](/news/2017/05/3/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bombing-attack-on-a-nato-convoy-in-kabul-kills-eight-civilians-and-wounds-at-least-28-people.md) _Context: NATO_
9. [The Turkish government issues an arrest warrant for NBA Oklahoma City Thunder player Enes Kanter suspected of being a member of a "terror group." Kanter, a vocal supporter of Fethullah Gulen, was returning to the U.S. from a charity tour when, last Saturday, he was detained in Bucharest, Romania, because his Turkish passport had been revoked. Kanter says he plans on becoming a United States citizen. ](/news/2017/05/26/the-turkish-government-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-nba-oklahoma-city-thunder-player-enes-kanter-suspected-of-being-a-member-of-a-terror-gr.md) _Context: Bucharest_
10. [United Kingdom-United States relations. 2017 Brussels summit. British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-2017-brussels-summit-british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connec.md) _Context: NATO_
