### [2008-09-12](/news/2008/09/12/index.md)

#  Twenty Four people die in Chatsworth in Los Angeles, California following a collision between a Metrolink passenger train and a Union Pacific freight train. At least 135 people were also injured in the accident. 

Rescue teams worked frantically into this morning after a Metrolink passenger train carrying 225 people collided Friday with a Union Pacific freight train on a sharp curve in Chatsworth, killing at least 17 people and leaving more than 135 injured. It was one of the worst train crashes in Southern California history and Metrolink officials said they could not explain why warning systems failed to prevent such a catastrophic collision.


### Source:

1. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/news/local/la-me-traincrash13-2008sep13,0,2874450.story)
2. [San Francisco Chronicle](http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?f=/n/a/2008/09/12/national/a201133D68.DTL)

### Related:

1. [Los Angeles, California, police arrest a  21-year-old homeless man after five bodies of apparent transients are found in the wreckage of a vacant former medical building that burned down Monday night. Firefighters had been able to rescue three people. ](/news/2016/06/14/los-angeles-california-police-arrest-a-21-year-old-homeless-man-after-five-bodies-of-apparent-transients-are-found-in-the-wreckage-of-a-v.md) _Context: California, Los Angeles_
2. [The PGA of America announces it is discontinuing the PGA Grand Slam of Golf, a special postseason event among the year's winners of the four major championships of regular men's golf. This year, it was set to be held at Trump National Golf Club in Los Angeles, California. The 2015 event was cancelled after the PGA decided to move the exhibition contest from the same Trump Club, and they couldn't find a replacement course golf course with suitable dates. ](/news/2016/03/16/the-pga-of-america-announces-it-is-discontinuing-the-pga-grand-slam-of-golf-a-special-postseason-event-among-the-year-s-winners-of-the-four.md) _Context: California, Los Angeles_
3. [Rafe Esquith, a notable teacher in the Los Angeles, California, public school system files a $1 billion class action lawsuit against the LA Unified School District. Esquith, recently removed from teaching and subsequently fired, alleges on behalf of almost 2,000 individuals, certain age-discrimination tactics by the school system against older teachers. ](/news/2015/10/16/rafe-esquith-a-notable-teacher-in-the-los-angeles-california-public-school-system-files-a-1-billion-class-action-lawsuit-against-the-la.md) _Context: California, Los Angeles_
4. [A shooting and stabbing kills one person and wounds 5 others at a BET party held in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California, U.S. ](/news/2014/06/29/a-shooting-and-stabbing-kills-one-person-and-wounds-5-others-at-a-bet-party-held-in-hollywood-los-angeles-california-u-s.md) _Context: California, Los Angeles_
5. [A car crash on the Pomona Freeway in Los Angeles, California, kills 6 people. ](/news/2014/02/9/a-car-crash-on-the-pomona-freeway-in-los-angeles-california-kills-6-people.md) _Context: California, Los Angeles_
6. [The U.S. Attorney's office in Los Angeles, California announces that Scott London, former senior partner with KPMG, has agreed to plead guilty on charges involving insider trading. ](/news/2013/05/28/the-u-s-attorney-s-office-in-los-angeles-california-announces-that-scott-london-former-senior-partner-with-kpmg-has-agreed-to-plead-guil.md) _Context: California, Los Angeles_
7. [Voters in the American city of Los Angeles, California, go to the polls for a mayoral election with Eric Garcetti and Wendy Greuel to contest a runoff on 21 May 2013. ](/news/2013/03/5/voters-in-the-american-city-of-los-angeles-california-go-to-the-polls-for-a-mayoral-election-with-eric-garcetti-and-wendy-greuel-to-contes.md) _Context: California, Los Angeles_
8. [Ammar Harris, a suspect wanted in connection with a shooting and following car crash that killed three people and wounded five others on the Las Vegas Strip, is detained in Los Angeles, California. ](/news/2013/02/28/ammar-harris-a-suspect-wanted-in-connection-with-a-shooting-and-following-car-crash-that-killed-three-people-and-wounded-five-others-on-the.md) _Context: California, Los Angeles_
9. [Six people are stabbed and wounded in downtown Los Angeles, California. Two suspects are arrested. ](/news/2013/02/22/six-people-are-stabbed-and-wounded-in-downtown-los-angeles-california-two-suspects-are-arrested.md) _Context: California, Los Angeles_
10. [Three people are injured after a hostage situation takes place in a Nordstrom Rack chain in the neighborhood of Westchester in Los Angeles, California. ](/news/2013/01/11/three-people-are-injured-after-a-hostage-situation-takes-place-in-a-nordstrom-rack-chain-in-the-neighborhood-of-westchester-in-los-angeles.md) _Context: California, Los Angeles_
