### [2009-08-3](/news/2009/08/3/index.md)

#  ''The Washington Post'' newspaper in the United States reports that officials are considering a plan to move Guantnamo Bay detainees to a prison camp. 

Officials are reportedly considering a plan to move Guantanamo detainees to a special US prison camp.


### Source:

1. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2009/0803/guantanamo.html)

### Related:

1. [A United States military commission sentences Guantanamo Bay detainee Omar Khadr to eight more years in prison after pleading guilty to the murder of an American soldier in 2002. ](/news/2010/10/31/a-united-states-military-commission-sentences-guantanamo-bay-detainee-omar-khadr-to-eight-more-years-in-prison-after-pleading-guilty-to-the.md) _Context: American, Guantanamo Bay_
2. [A two-year "Top Secret America" investigation by ''The Washington Post'' concludes that United States intelligence gathering has grown so much since the September 11 attacks that neither its true cost, size nor effectiveness in keeping the country safe is actually known. ](/news/2010/07/19/a-two-year-top-secret-america-investigation-by-the-washington-post-concludes-that-united-states-intelligence-gathering-has-grown-so-mu.md) _Context: American, Washington Post_
3. [''The Washington Post'' reports that Gizab villagers in Afghanistan overturned their local Taliban movement during April, with some members putting down their weapons and being welcomed back into their local community. The United States did not hear of this before now as it happened in a remote part of the country ignored by the military. ](/news/2010/06/21/the-washington-post-reports-that-gizab-villagers-in-afghanistan-overturned-their-local-taliban-movement-during-april-with-some-members.md) _Context: American, Washington Post_
4. [Two retired generals tell ''The Washington Post'' that, with more than 25 per cent of young Americans being "too fat to fight", obesity is threatening the future of the United States military. ](/news/2010/05/1/two-retired-generals-tell-the-washington-post-that-with-more-than-25-per-cent-of-young-americans-being-too-fat-to-fight-obesity-is-t.md) _Context: American, Washington Post_
5. [The summit announces it is unable to gain agreement on climate change between the United States and the other 19 members of this international forum. ](/news/2017/07/8/the-summit-announces-it-is-unable-to-gain-agreement-on-climate-change-between-the-united-states-and-the-other-19-members-of-this-internation.md) _Context: American_
6. [The United States extends the restrictions deadline for refugees. ](/news/2017/07/5/the-united-states-extends-the-restrictions-deadline-for-refugees.md) _Context: American_
7. [Nine men are found dead inside a tractor-trailer parked outside a Walmart store in the American city of San Antonio, Texas in what authorities call a case of "ruthless" human trafficking. Thirty people,  many in critical condition and suffering from heat stroke and exhaustion, were removed from the non-air  conditioned trailer which also lacked a water supply. ](/news/2017/07/23/nine-men-are-found-dead-inside-a-tractor-trailer-parked-outside-a-walmart-store-in-the-american-city-of-san-antonio-texas-in-what-authoriti.md) _Context: American_
8. [Russian Ambassador to the United States Sergey Kislyak, who was cited in ''Washington Post'' reports yesterday that American intelligence overheard  him telling Moscow about his election-related discussions with a Trump campaign official, ends his nine-year assignment and leaves the United States. In May 2017, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Anatoly Antonov was approved as the next ambassador. ](/news/2017/07/22/russian-ambassador-to-the-united-states-sergey-kislyak-who-was-cited-in-washington-post-reports-yesterday-that-american-intelligence-ov.md) _Context: Washington Post_
9. [Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C.  A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in-the-first-global-robotics-co.md) _Context: American_
10. [A hearing in the U.S. Senate is held about alleged human rights violations in the Philippines's war against illegal drugs. ](/news/2017/07/20/a-hearing-in-the-u-s-senate-is-held-about-alleged-human-rights-violations-in-the-philippines-s-war-against-illegal-drugs.md) _Context: American_
