### [2006-11-9](/news/2006/11/9/index.md)

#  Ken Mehlman is to step down as chairman of the National Committee of the United States Republican Party. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2006/POLITICS/11/09/mehlman.steppingdown/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Voters in the U.S. state of Wisconsin go to the polls for a primary election with Ted Cruz winning the Republican Party contest and Bernie Sanders winning the Democratic Party primary. ](/news/2016/04/5/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-wisconsin-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-ted-cruz-winning-the-republican-party-contest-and-bernie-s.md) _Context: R, U.S._
2. [The Republican Speaker of the House Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell distance the party from presidential candidate Donald Trump's recent comments calling for a ban on Muslims entering the United States.  While not entering into a political fray - in view of U.S. partnerships with Muslim nations and Muslim personnel serving in the United States Armed Forces - the Pentagon press secretary calls anti-Muslim rhetoric a national security threat. ](/news/2015/12/9/the-republican-speaker-of-the-house-paul-ryan-and-senate-majority-leader-mitch-mcconnell-distance-the-party-from-presidential-candidate-dona.md) _Context: R, U.S._
3. [Russian President Vladimir Putin calls U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, "a very colorful person. Talented, without any doubt" as well as an "absolute leader" in the race for the presidency. ](/news/2015/12/17/russian-president-vladimir-putin-calls-u-s-republican-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-a-very-colorful-person-talented-without-any-d.md) _Context: R, U.S._
4. [More than half of the state governors in the United States reject accepting asylum seekers from Syria after the attacks in Paris. All except one of them are Republicans. ](/news/2015/11/17/more-than-half-of-the-state-governors-in-the-united-states-reject-accepting-asylum-seekers-from-syria-after-the-attacks-in-paris-all-except.md) _Context: R, U.S._
5. [The Obama Administration, through its appointment of a majority of board members on the Democratic-controlled U.S. National Labor Relations Board's 3&ndash;2 ruling in the Browning-Ferris case uses an expanded definition of joint employer when determining if a parent company shares responsibility for workers hired by a subcontractor or franchisee. The Republican-controlled US Congress responded to arguments from businesses such as the International Franchise Association by adding another NLRB-related rider to the budget to block implementation of this latest ruling. Browning-Ferris  can appeal the decision to a federal appeals court. The ruling could affect current unionization and pay efforts at McDonald's franchises. ](/news/2015/08/27/the-obama-administration-through-its-appointment-of-a-majority-of-board-members-on-the-democratic-controlled-u-s-national-labor-relations.md) _Context: R, U.S._
6. [United States "fiscal cliff" debate:The White House reaches an agreement with congressional Republicans on a "fiscal cliff" deal. ](/news/2012/12/31/united-states-fiscal-cliff-debate-pthe-white-house-reaches-an-agreement-with-congressional-republicans-on-a-fiscal-cliff-deal.md) _Context: R, U.S._
7. [The United States Republican Party officially nominates Mitt Romney as its candidate in the 2012 presidential election at the National Convention in Tampa, Florida. ](/news/2012/08/28/the-united-states-republican-party-officially-nominates-mitt-romney-as-its-candidate-in-the-2012-presidential-election-at-the-national-conve.md) _Context: R, U.S._
8. [In the United States, prospective Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney condemns same-sex marriage as illegitimate. At the evangelical Christian Liberty University in Lynchburg, Virginia, he describes marriage as exclusively "a relationship between one man and one woman." ](/news/2012/05/12/in-the-united-states-prospective-republican-presidential-candidate-mitt-romney-condemns-same-sex-marriage-as-illegitimate-at-the-evangelic.md) _Context: R, U.S._
9. [Herman Cain announces that he will suspend his campaign for Republican nomination in the United States presidential election following a series of sexual harassment and other misconduct allegations. ](/news/2011/12/3/herman-cain-announces-that-he-will-suspend-his-campaign-for-republican-nomination-in-the-united-states-presidential-election-following-a-ser.md) _Context: R, U.S._
10. [A study reports that 61% of Americans believe the best way to solve the budget deficit is to raise taxes for the wealthiest, in contrast to a plan by Republicans to permanently extend Bush-era tax cuts for the wealthiest Americans](/news/2011/01/3/a-study-reports-that-61-of-americans-believe-the-best-way-to-solve-the-budget-deficit-is-to-raise-taxes-for-the-wealthiest-in-contrast-to.md) _Context: R, U.S._
