### [2006-11-9](/news/2006/11/9/index.md)

#  Kyrgyz President Kurmanbek Bakiyev formally signs the new Constitution of Kyrgyzstan. The Constitution drastically weakens the power of the executive branch in favor of the legislative. Bakiyev and Prime Minister Felix Kulov are expected to maintain their positions until 2010. 

The new constitution marks a political defeat for Bakiyev, who had been wrestling for power with his parliamentary foes for most of 2006.[For background see the Eurasia Insight archive]. Presidential 


### Source:

1. [EurasiaNet](http://www.eurasianet.org/departments/insight/articles/eav110906.shtml)

### Related:

1. [ Kyrgyz President Kurmanbek Bakiyev nominates Felix Kulov for Prime Minister. If Kulov is confirmed by the Supreme Council, this will be the third time Bakiyev has appointed Kulov Prime Minister. ](/news/2007/01/16/kyrgyz-president-kurmanbek-bakiyev-nominates-felix-kulov-for-prime-minister-if-kulov-is-confirmed-by-the-supreme-council-this-will-be-the.md) _Context: Felix Kulov, Kurmanbek Bakiyev, Kyrgyz President, Prime Minister_
2. [ The Supreme Council of Kyrgyzstan votes 50 to 1 in favor of amendments to the Constitution giving greater power to the executive branch after President Kurmanbek Bakiyev accuses Parliamentarians of "sabotaging" the political process. The President will now have the power to appoint and dismiss the Prime Minister and his cabinet and regional governors. The SNB, the domestic intelligence organization, will report to the President, not the legislature. ](/news/2006/12/30/the-supreme-council-of-kyrgyzstan-votes-50-to-1-in-favor-of-amendments-to-the-constitution-giving-greater-power-to-the-executive-branch-aft.md) _Context: Kurmanbek Bakiyev, Prime Minister, constitution, executive branch_
3. [ Almaz Atambayev, Chairman of the Social Democratic Party of Kyrgyzstan, warns that if Prime Minister Felix Kulov's proposed amendments to the constitution are passed, giving greater power to the executive branch, Kyrgyzstan will descend into civil war. ](/news/2006/12/26/almaz-atambayev-chairman-of-the-social-democratic-party-of-kyrgyzstan-warns-that-if-prime-minister-felix-kulov-s-proposed-amendments-to-t.md) _Context: Felix Kulov, Prime Minister, constitution, executive branch_
4. [ Felix Kulov, former Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan, breaks his political alliance with President Kurmanbek Bakiyev. Kulov forms the United Front for a Worthy Future for Kyrgyzstan with Ar-Namys and other political parties. ](/news/2007/02/20/felix-kulov-former-prime-minister-of-kyrgyzstan-breaks-his-political-alliance-with-president-kurmanbek-bakiyev-kulov-forms-the-united-fr.md) _Context: Felix Kulov, Kurmanbek Bakiyev, Prime Minister_
5. [ Kyrgyz President Kurmanbek Bakiyev will address the Supreme Council on 30 December 2006 in an effort to compromise on proposed amendments to the constitution. Several Parliamentarians warn that Kyrgyzstan is on the verge of civil war. ](/news/2006/12/29/kyrgyz-president-kurmanbek-bakiyev-will-address-the-supreme-council-on-30-december-2006-in-an-effort-to-compromise-on-proposed-amendments-t.md) _Context: Kurmanbek Bakiyev, Kyrgyz President, constitution_
6. [ The Supreme Council of Kyrgyzstan does not pass amendments proposed by acting Prime Minister Felix Kulov to the Constitution, some of which would alter the make up of the Council by expanding the number of Parliamentarians and electing members by party-line-voting. The Supreme Council may vote again on the amendments over the next week. ](/news/2006/12/25/the-supreme-council-of-kyrgyzstan-does-not-pass-amendments-proposed-by-acting-prime-minister-felix-kulov-to-the-constitution-some-of-which.md) _Context: Felix Kulov, Prime Minister, constitution_
7. [ Kyrgyz President Kurmanbek Bakiyev appoints former mayor of Bishkek, Daniar Usenov, as the new Prime Minister following the resignation of his predecessor, Igor Chudinov. ](/news/2009/10/21/kyrgyz-president-kurmanbek-bakiyev-appoints-former-mayor-of-bishkek-daniar-usenov-as-the-new-prime-minister-following-the-resignation-of.md) _Context: Kurmanbek Bakiyev, Prime Minister_
8. [ Azim Isabekov becomes Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan, replacing Felix Kulov. ](/news/2007/01/29/azim-isabekov-becomes-prime-minister-of-kyrgyzstan-replacing-felix-kulov.md) _Context: Felix Kulov, Prime Minister_
9. [ Kyrgyz Prime Minister Felix Kulov resigns, automatically dismissing the Ministers of the Kyrgyz government, after political parties throughout the country called on him to resign. Deputy Prime Minister Daniar Usenov says President Kurmanbek Bakiyev should dissolve the Parliament and hold elections. ](/news/2006/12/19/kyrgyz-prime-minister-felix-kulov-resigns-automatically-dismissing-the-ministers-of-the-kyrgyz-government-after-political-parties-through.md) _Context: Felix Kulov, Kurmanbek Bakiyev_
10. [ In a poll conducted by the U.S. Agency for Development, following President Kurmanbek Bakiyev's signing of the controversial, new Constitution of Kyrgyzstan, 62% of Kyrgyz citizens believe the country is moving in the right direction. ](/news/2006/11/24/in-a-poll-conducted-by-the-u-s-agency-for-development-following-president-kurmanbek-bakiyev-s-signing-of-the-controversial-new-constitut.md) _Context: Kurmanbek Bakiyev, constitution_
