### [2006-11-9](/news/2006/11/9/index.md)

#  United States general elections, 2006: Montana Senator Conrad Burns concedes his U.S. Senate race to Jon Tester. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20061109/ap_on_el_ho/florida_recount)
2. [AP via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20061109/ap_on_el_se/montana_senate_12)
3. [AP via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20061109/ap_on_el_se/virginia_senate)

### Related:

1. [Democrat Mary Landrieu loses her bid for a fourth term representing  Louisiana in the United States Senate  to Republican Congressman Bill Cassidy in Saturday's runoff election, increasing the GOP majority in the U.S. Senate to 54 seats. ](/news/2014/12/7/democrat-mary-landrieu-loses-her-bid-for-a-fourth-term-representing-louisiana-in-the-united-states-senate-to-republican-congressman-bill-c.md) _Context: U.S. Senate, United States Senate_
2. [Montana congressman Greg Gianforte apologizes to journalist Ben Jacobs for the alleged body slam incident that occurred on May 24, and donates US$50,000 to the Committee to Protect Journalists. ](/news/2017/06/8/montana-congressman-greg-gianforte-apologizes-to-journalist-ben-jacobs-for-the-alleged-body-slam-incident-that-occurred-on-may-24-and-donat.md) _Context: Montana_
3. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: United States Senate_
4. [The United States Senate confirms Heather Wilson as Secretary of the Air Force. ](/news/2017/05/8/the-united-states-senate-confirms-heather-wilson-as-secretary-of-the-air-force.md) _Context: United States Senate_
5. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: United States Senate_
6. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: United States Senate_
7. [Voters in Montana pick between Republican Greg Gianforte and  Democrat Rob Quist in the special congressional election to replace Ryan Zinke, who is now President Trump's Secretary of the Interior. ](/news/2017/05/25/voters-in-montana-pick-between-republican-greg-gianforte-and-democrat-rob-quist-in-the-special-congressional-election-to-replace-ryan-zinke.md) _Context: Montana_
8. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: United States Senate_
9. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: United States Senate_
10. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: United States Senate_
