### [2004-12-2](/news/2004/12/2/index.md)

#  The European Union takes over from NATO in peacekeeping operations in Bosnia and Herzegovina, largely replacing the NATO-led SFOR with a new Eufor. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/4060739.stm)

### Related:

1. [The European Union's 28 member states formally accept Bosnia and Herzegovina's membership application. The European Commission (EC) will now determine whether Bosnia meets the criteria to join the union, a process that is expected to take a year. ](/news/2016/09/20/the-european-union-s-28-member-states-formally-accept-bosnia-and-herzegovina-s-membership-application-the-european-commission-ec-will-now.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, European Union_
2. [Bosnia and Herzegovina formally applies to join the European Union. ](/news/2016/02/15/bosnia-and-herzegovina-formally-applies-to-join-the-european-union.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, European Union_
3. [The leader of Poland's Democracy Defence Committee, Mateusz Kijowski, says the government has "broken the country" after Polish President, Andrzej Duda, enacted a measure curbing the powers of the country's  highest legislative court, the Constitutional Tribunal, despite protests and warnings from the European Union. Kijowski further called for foreign intervention in the country from "Europe and the United States" to topple the Law and Justice (PiS) government, saying "they must help us, otherwise Poland will leave the community of democracies". After news broke that Duda had signed into law the constitutional tribunal bill, he made a speech on television defending his move. Polish newspaper Gazeta Wyborcza quoted U.S. sources saying Barack Obama had objections and had let it be known he would delay meeting Duda. The newspaper also suggested Poland's hosting of the next NATO summit, planned for July 2016, was in the balance. ](/news/2015/12/28/the-leader-of-poland-s-democracy-defence-committee-mateusz-kijowski-says-the-government-has-broken-the-country-after-polish-president-a.md) _Context: European Union, NATO_
4. [U.S. diplomats, amid growing  international concern the violence could spiral into an ethnic conflict, push for peace talks in Burundi. The European Union advises non-essential staff to evacuate the Central African nation amid rising violence and an uptick in political rhetoric. The head of the opposition UPRONA group  urges the United Nations to send peacekeepers quickly. Yesterday, the UN Security Council  called on the Burundi Government to protect human rights and cooperate with regional African mediators to immediately convene "an inclusive and genuine inter-Burundian dialogue" to find a peaceful resolution of the crisis. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-diplomats-amid-growing-international-concern-the-violence-could-spiral-into-an-ethnic-conflict-push-for-peace-talks-in-burundi-the.md) _Context: European Union, peacekeepers_
5. [The office of the President of Ukraine calls on the European Union and NATO to condemn the Russian-backed rebels for military action in Debaltseve. The self-proclaimed rebel government officials claim the town was not part of the recently established ceasefire. ](/news/2015/02/17/the-office-of-the-president-of-ukraine-calls-on-the-european-union-and-nato-to-condemn-the-russian-backed-rebels-for-military-action-in-deba.md) _Context: European Union, NATO_
6. [Philip Gordon, the Obama administration's top diplomat on European affairs warns Turkey that it must demonstrate its commitment to NATO, Europe and the United States after its opposition to sanctions against Iran's nuclear program and rhetoric against Israel after the Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2010/06/28/philip-gordon-the-obama-administration-s-top-diplomat-on-european-affairs-warns-turkey-that-it-must-demonstrate-its-commitment-to-nato-eur.md) _Context: European Union, NATO_
7. [NATO foreign ministers agree to launch a Membership Action Plan (MAP) for Bosnia and Herzegovina. ](/news/2010/04/22/nato-foreign-ministers-agree-to-launch-a-membership-action-plan-map-for-bosnia-and-herzegovina.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, NATO_
8. [ Four German and Spanish servicemen die when their EUFOR helicopter crashes in Bosnia and Herzegovina. ](/news/2008/06/19/four-german-and-spanish-servicemen-die-when-their-eufor-helicopter-crashes-in-bosnia-and-herzegovina.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, EUFOR_
9. [ The Polish President, Lech Kaczynski, proposes that there be a 100,000 man-strong EU Army designed to work with NATO. ](/news/2006/11/6/the-polish-president-lech-kaczyaski-proposes-that-there-be-a-100-000-man-strong-eu-army-designed-to-work-with-nato.md) _Context: European Union, NATO_
10. [Conservative politician Theresa May accuses European Union officials of trying to influence the upcoming elections. ](/news/2017/05/3/conservative-politician-theresa-may-accuses-european-union-officials-of-trying-to-influence-the-upcoming-elections.md) _Context: European Union_
