### [2004-12-2](/news/2004/12/2/index.md)

# U.S. President George W. Bush nominates Nebraska Governor Mike Johanns to become the next Secretary of Agriculture. If confirmed by the Senate, Johanns would fill the Cabinet position currently held by resigning Secretary Ann Veneman. 

Get the latest breaking news and top news headlines at Reuters.com


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6980412)
2. [Transcript](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A28542-2004Dec2.html)

### Related:

1. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush nominates Fmr. Governor of North Dakota Ed Schafer for United States Secretary of Agriculture. ](/news/2007/10/31/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-nominates-fmr-governor-of-north-dakota-ed-schafer-for-united-states-secretary-of-agricul.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, United States Secretary of Agriculture_
2. [ The United States Senate votes to extend the powers of intelligence agents to eavesdrop on suspected terrorists in a victory for President of the United States George W. Bush. ](/news/2007/08/3/the-united-states-senate-votes-to-extend-the-powers-of-intelligence-agents-to-eavesdrop-on-suspected-terrorists-in-a-victory-for-president.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, United States Senate_
3. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush orders senior adviser Karl Rove not to testify before a United States Senate committee on the Dismissal of U.S. attorneys controversy. ](/news/2007/08/1/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-orders-senior-adviser-karl-rove-not-to-testify-before-a-united-states-senate-committee-on.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, United States Senate_
4. [ The United States Senate votes to ease funding restrictions on stem-cell research but President Bush threatens to veto the bill. ](/news/2007/04/11/the-united-states-senate-votes-to-ease-funding-restrictions-on-stem-cell-research-but-president-bush-threatens-to-veto-the-bill.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, United States Senate_
5. [ The United States Senate votes 52-47 to approve a budget plan that aims to achieve a balanced budget within five years and aims to find offsets for tax cuts passed in President Bush's first term. ](/news/2007/03/23/the-united-states-senate-votes-52-47-to-approve-a-budget-plan-that-aims-to-achieve-a-balanced-budget-within-five-years-and-aims-to-find-off.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, United States Senate_
6. [ Democratic Party members of the United States Senate are planning a challenge to the authority given to President Bush in 2002. ](/news/2007/02/23/democratic-party-members-of-the-united-states-senate-are-planning-a-challenge-to-the-authority-given-to-president-bush-in-2002.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, United States Senate_
7. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Presidential contender and U. S. Senator Hillary Clinton (D-NY) has called for a 90-day deadline to start withdrawing U.S. troops from Iraq. She states in a video on her website: "If George Bush doesn't end the war before he leaves office, when I'm president, I will." ](/news/2007/02/17/united-states-presidential-election-2008-presidential-contender-and-u-s-senator-hillary-clinton-d-ny-has-called-for-a-90-day-deadline.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, United States Senate_
8. [ The United States Senate passes legislation normalising trade with Vietnam, renewing tax cuts and opening the Gulf of Mexico to new drilling for oil and gas fields. The legislation had earlier been passed by the United States House of Representatives and will now go to President of the United States George W. Bush for approval. ](/news/2006/12/9/the-united-states-senate-passes-legislation-normalising-trade-with-vietnam-renewing-tax-cuts-and-opening-the-gulf-of-mexico-to-new-drillin.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, United States Senate_
9. [ Senator John McCain persuades President George W. Bush to accept a ban on cruel, inhuman and degrading treatment of detainees. ](/news/2005/12/16/senator-john-mccain-persuades-president-george-w-bush-to-accept-a-ban-on-cruel-inhuman-and-degrading-treatment-of-detainees.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, United States Senate_
10. [ The White House releases a February 7, 2002, memo in which President George W. Bush ordered humane treatment of captured Taliban and al Qaeda fighters despite a Justice Department legal opinion that the Geneva Convention does not apply. Twenty-one other memos requested by Senate Democrats have not yet been released; no released memos address Iraq or Abu-Ghraib Prison. [http://msnbc.msn.com/ID/5259200/ (MSNBC)] [http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A61651-2004Jun22.html (Memo)] Gordon B. Hinckley, 15th president of the LDS church, awarded presidential medal of Freedom from George W. Bush. The U.S. administration releases a U.S. Justice Department memo asserting that the legal opinion that the president had "the legal authority to order prisoners to be tortured". The memo indicates that Donald Rumsfeld denied approval to strongly coercive physical measures, but approved what has been described as "mild, noninjurious physical contact", and use of "detainee's individuals phobias (such as fear of dogs)". [http://www.voanews.com/article.cfm?objectID=287A07AA-33E4-42B5-A908D73E080FF8A3 (VOA)] [http://www.news24.com/News24/World/News/0,,2-10-1462_1546723,00.html (News24)] The U.S. administration asserts that it refused to permit the use of torture, even if to do so would be legally permissible.](/news/2004/06/23/the-white-house-releases-a-february-7-2002-memo-in-which-president-george-w-bush-ordered-humane-treatment-of-captured-taliban-and-al-qae.md) _Context: George W. Bush, President, United States Senate_
