### [2004-12-2](/news/2004/12/2/index.md)

#  United Nations inspectors wishing to inspect the Parchin military complex southeast of Tehran and Lavizan&nbsp;II in northeastern Tehran lack the legal authority according to United Nations diplomats. 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6978841&section=news)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations finds Iran's firing of a medium-range ballistic missile in October violated a June 2010 resolution banning the Islamic Republic from launches capable of delivering nuclear weapons. The test was not technically a violation of the July nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers.  It's not known if the Security Council will take any action.  ](/news/2015/12/15/the-united-nations-finds-iran-s-firing-of-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-in-october-violated-a-june-2010-resolution-banning-the-islamic-re.md) _Context: United Nations, nuclear scientist_
2. [Nuclear program of Iran:Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev disagree over Russia's support for United Nations sanctions concerning Iran's nuclear program, with some analysts describing it as the worst row between the countries for several years. ](/news/2010/05/26/nuclear-program-of-iran-piranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-and-russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-disagree-over-russia-s-support-for-unit.md) _Context: United Nations, nuclear scientist_
3. [ Iran announces that it is partially suspending cooperation with the United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency and will no longer advise it of new steps taken in its nuclear program. ](/news/2007/03/25/iran-announces-that-it-is-partially-suspending-cooperation-with-the-united-nations-international-atomic-energy-agency-and-will-no-longer-ad.md) _Context: United Nations, nuclear scientist_
4. [ Iran's nuclear program: An Iranian official says that Iran is continuing its nuclear program despite being sanctioned by the United Nations. ](/news/2007/01/15/iran-s-nuclear-program-an-iranian-official-says-that-iran-is-continuing-its-nuclear-program-despite-being-sanctioned-by-the-united-nations.md) _Context: United Nations, nuclear scientist_
5. [According to the United Nations, the Philippines has the largest increase in HIV/AIDS in the Asia Pacific region with about a 140% increase in cases from 2010 until 2016 possibly causing a 'national emergency.' ](/news/2017/08/1/according-to-the-united-nations-the-philippines-has-the-largest-increase-in-hiv-aids-in-the-asia-pacific-region-with-about-a-140-increase.md) _Context: United Nations_
6. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
7. [Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to-the-united-nations-following-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
8. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [The United Nations confirms that the FARC has completed its disarmament process, with former rebels due to make the transition to civilian life and the group to transform into a legal political party in the country. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-united-nations-confirms-that-the-farc-has-completed-its-disarmament-process-with-former-rebels-due-to-make-the-transition-to-civilian-l.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [The United Nations Human Rights Council conducts a periodic review of the human rights situation in the Philippines. ](/news/2017/05/8/the-united-nations-human-rights-council-conducts-a-periodic-review-of-the-human-rights-situation-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: United Nations_
