### [2009-02-5](/news/2009/02/5/index.md)

#  Russia, Belarus, Armenia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, and Uzbekistan agree to form a rapid reaction force based in the Federation. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via ''The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/story/0,25197,25010552-12377,00.html)

### Related:

1. [The Eurasian Economic Union between Russia, Kazakhstan, Belarus, Kyrgyzstan and Armenia comes into effect ](/news/2015/01/1/the-eurasian-economic-union-between-russia-kazakhstan-belarus-kyrgyzstan-and-armenia-comes-into-effect.md) _Context: Armenia, Belarus, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Russia_
2. [ The Shanghai Cooperation Organisation of Central Asian countries comprising the People's Republic of China, Russia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan meets in the Kyrgyz capital of Bishkek to discuss security issues. ](/news/2007/08/14/the-shanghai-cooperation-organisation-of-central-asian-countries-comprising-the-people-s-republic-of-china-russia-kazakhstan-kyrgyzstan.md) _Context: Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Russia, Tajikistan, Uzbekistan_
3. [2016 Istanbul airport attack. A Turkish official reports the three suspected Islamic State suicide bombers who killed 44 people and wounded 238 others were Russian, Uzbek, and Kyrgyz nationals. ](/news/2016/06/30/2016-istanbul-airport-attack-a-turkish-official-reports-the-three-suspected-islamic-state-suicide-bombers-who-killed-44-people-and-wounded.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan, Russia, Uzbekistan_
4. [Syrian peace process. The second day of peace negotiations in Astana, Kazakhstan, end with the sponsors of the talks, Russia, Turkey and Iran, agreeing to set up commission between the three to monitor and enforce the fragile ceasefire to the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/24/syrian-peace-process-the-second-day-of-peace-negotiations-in-astana-kazakhstan-end-with-the-sponsors-of-the-talks-russia-turkey-and-ira.md) _Context: Kazakhstan, Russia_
5. [A fire at a warehouse in Moscow, Russia, kills at least 17 people, all migrant workers from Kyrgyzstan. The Investigative Committee of Russia, which reports directly to President Vladimir Putin, says a criminal inquiry has been launched. ](/news/2016/08/27/a-fire-at-a-warehouse-in-moscow-russia-kills-at-least-17-people-all-migrant-workers-from-kyrgyzstan-the-investigative-committee-of-russi.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan, Russia_
6. [Armenia-Russia relations. Armenia's parliament, by a 102-8 vote, ratifies an agreement to create an Armenia-Russia joint Air Defense system. ](/news/2016/06/30/armenia-russia-relations-armenia-s-parliament-by-a-102-8-vote-ratifies-an-agreement-to-create-an-armenia-russia-joint-air-defense-syste.md) _Context: Armenia, Russia_
7. [Finland-Russia relations. Finland and Russia agree to impose temporary restrictions at two Arctic border crossing points on the Finnish-Russian border following an increased flow of asylum seekers from Russia to Finland. Under a deal clinched by Russian President Vladimir Putin and Finnish President Sauli Niinisto in Moscow, crossings at two popular entry points, Salla and Raja-Jooseppi, will be reserved only for Finnish, Russian and Belarusian citizens and their family members for a period of 180 days. ](/news/2016/03/22/finland-russia-relations-finland-and-russia-agree-to-impose-temporary-restrictions-at-two-arctic-border-crossing-points-on-the-finnish.md) _Context: Belarus, Russia_
8. [Armenia-Russia relations. Russia reinforces the joint Armenian-Russian run Erebuni Airport, home to the Russian 3624th Air Base, with six attack and transport helicopters. The Russian Defence Ministry said the Mi-24 and Mi-8 helicopters had been transferred from a military base in the southern Russian region of Krasnodar Krai to the air base in Erebuni, Armenia. ](/news/2015/12/21/armenia-russia-relations-russia-reinforces-the-joint-armenian-russian-run-erebuni-airport-home-to-the-russian-3624th-air-base-with-six.md) _Context: Armenia, Russia_
9. [Kyrgyzstani parliamentary election, 2015. Voters in Kyrgyzstan go to the polls with the Social Democratic Party of Kyrgyzstan winning the most votes which will lead to a pro-Russian coalition. ](/news/2015/10/4/kyrgyzstani-parliamentary-election-2015-voters-in-kyrgyzstan-go-to-the-polls-with-the-social-democratic-party-of-kyrgyzstan-winning-the-mo.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan, Russia_
10. [Russia and other ex-Soviet states meeting in Kazakhstan agree to set up a joint task force to tackle instability on their borders, most notably from Afghanistan. ](/news/2015/10/16/russia-and-other-ex-soviet-states-meeting-in-kazakhstan-agree-to-set-up-a-joint-task-force-to-tackle-instability-on-their-borders-most-nota.md) _Context: Kazakhstan, Russia_
