### [2010-11-14](/news/2010/11/14/index.md)

# Former British soldier turned singer-songwriter James Blunt claims that he stopped what he believed would be World War III by disobeying a direct order for his troops to attack Russian soldiers given by American General Wesley Clark while he was in Kosovo with NATO in 1999. 

Kosovo, June 1999. Serbia has withdrawn from the campaign. Hundreds of thousands of refugees wait over the border to return to their homes. A column of 30,000 Nato troops is advancing towards Pristina airfield – a crucial strategic position.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-11753867)
2. [TVNZ](http://tvnz.co.nz/entertainment-news/james-blunt-refused-order-start-wwiii-3896480)
3. [The Age](http://www.theage.com.au/lifestyle/people/i-stopped-world-war-iii-says-james-blunt-20101115-17tab.html)
4. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/people/news/how-james-blunt-saved-us-from-world-war-3-2134203.html)
5. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Entertainment_News/Music/2010/11/14/James-Blunt-recalls-Kosovo-encounter/UPI-55921289754961/)

### Related:

1. [Russia-United States relations. Iran-United States relations. The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/russia-united-states-relations-iran-united-states-relations-the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). Russian Special Envoy to Afghanistan Zamir Kabulov denies allegations by NATO Commander Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti that Russia was "perhaps" supplying the Taliban. ](/news/2017/03/24/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-russian-special-envoy-to-afghanistan-zamir-kabulov-denies-allegations-by-nato-commander-gen-curtis-sca.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
3. [Estonia-United Kingdom relations. Eight hundred British Army troops arrive in Estonia as part of NATO's Enhanced Forward Presence to deter Russian aggression in Eastern Europe. ](/news/2017/03/18/estonia-united-kingdom-relations-eight-hundred-british-army-troops-arrive-in-estonia-as-part-of-nato-s-enhanced-forward-presence-to-deter.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
4. [Operation Atlantic Resolve. 3,000 U.S. troops are deployed in Poland as part of NATO's Operation Atlantic Resolve. Poland says that the deployment is a necessary response to Russian military exercises near its border and its intervention in Ukraine while Russia condemns the move as a "threat to national interests and security". ](/news/2017/01/12/operation-atlantic-resolve-3-000-u-s-troops-are-deployed-in-poland-as-part-of-nato-s-operation-atlantic-resolve-poland-says-that-the-depl.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
5. [NATO-Russia relations. Russia deploys its S-400 missile system in Kaliningrad, an exclave between Poland and Lithuania, in response to "NATO expansion" near its borders. The United States criticizes the move as "destabilizing" to Europe. Russia announced the planned deployment over a decade ago. ](/news/2016/11/21/nato-russia-relations-russia-deploys-its-s-400-missile-system-in-kaliningrad-an-exclave-between-poland-and-lithuania-in-response-to-na.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
6. [NATO-Russia relations. Russia withdraws a request to refuel three of its warships, including the flagship of the Russian Navy, "Admiral Kuznetsov", en route to Syria, at the Spanish port of Ceuta following NATO pressure on the Spanish government to not allow the warships to dock. ](/news/2016/10/26/nato-russia-relations-russia-withdraws-a-request-to-refuel-three-of-its-warships-including-the-flagship-of-the-russian-navy-admiral-ku.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
7. [2016 Warsaw summit. NATO members gather in Warsaw, Poland, for a two-day summit. Much of the focus will be on Russia and NATO's commitments in bolstering its presence in Eastern Europe. Other issues to be discussed will include Europe's migrant crises, ISIL extremists, and the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/8/2016-warsaw-summit-nato-members-gather-in-warsaw-poland-for-a-two-day-summit-much-of-the-focus-will-be-on-russia-and-nato-s-commitments.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
8. [Finland-Russia relations. Following his meeting at Finnish President Sauli Niinisto's residence, Russian President Vladimir Putin says that Russia would respect Finland's choice whether to join NATO, though as part of NATO's military infrastructure, Finnish Defence Forces would overnight be at the borders of the Russian Federation. Putin and Niinisto call for improved security in Baltic airspace where Russian and Western aircraft have had close encounters in recent months. ](/news/2016/07/1/finland-russia-relations-following-his-meeting-at-finnish-president-sauli-niinistap-s-residence-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-th.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
9. [NATO-Russia relations. NATO announces it will hold a meeting of the NATO-Russia Council at the ambassadorial level at NATO headquarters in Brussels in the next two weeks after a two-year break since NATO cut all practical cooperation with Russia in 2014. ](/news/2016/04/8/nato-russia-relations-nato-announces-it-will-hold-a-meeting-of-the-nato-russia-council-at-the-ambassadorial-level-at-nato-headquarters.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
10. [NATO-Russia relations. NATO reopens informal talks with Russia for the first time in nearly two years. According to the Secretary General of NATO Jens Stoltenberg "NATO and Russia have profound and persistent disagreements, today-s meeting did not change that." ](/news/2016/04/20/nato-russia-relations-nato-reopens-informal-talks-with-russia-for-the-first-time-in-nearly-two-years-according-to-the-secretary-general.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
