### [2010-11-14](/news/2010/11/14/index.md)

# Gerry Adams, the President of Sinn Fein, announces that he will resign his positions in the Northern Ireland Assembly and the Parliament of the United Kingdom to stand for the Dail. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2010/nov/14/gerry-adams-irish-parliament-run)
2. [The Times'' via ''The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.com.au/news/world/gerry-adams-to-quit-british-politics-to-stand-in-ireland/story-e6frg6so-1225953656270?from=public_rss)

### Related:

1. [The Secretary of State for Northern Ireland James Brokenshire announces a snap election is to take place on March 2 to elect members to the Northern Ireland Assembly after the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and Sinn Fein failed to agree on a power-sharing agreement. ](/news/2017/01/16/the-secretary-of-state-for-northern-ireland-james-brokenshire-announces-a-snap-election-is-to-take-place-on-march-2-to-elect-members-to-the.md) _Context: Northern Ireland Assembly, Sinn Fein_
2. [Sinn Fein claims that party president Gerry Adams is a victim of "political policing" are dismissed by the Taoiseach (Prime Minister of Ireland) Enda Kenny, British prime minister David Cameron and Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson. ](/news/2014/05/2/sinn-fa-c-in-claims-that-party-president-gerry-adams-is-a-victim-of-political-policing-are-dismissed-by-the-taoiseach-prime-minister-of-ire.md) _Context: Gerry Adams, Sinn Fein_
3. [Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams remains in custody in connection with the IRA murder of Jean McConville. ](/news/2014/05/1/sinn-fa-c-in-leader-gerry-adams-remains-in-custody-in-connection-with-the-ira-murder-of-jean-mcconville.md) _Context: Gerry Adams, Sinn Fein_
4. [British Prime Minister David Cameron announces that Sinn Fein's Gerry Adams has resigned from the British parliament, having accepted the position of Crown Steward and Bailiff of the Manor of Northstead. ](/news/2011/01/26/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-announces-that-sinn-fa-c-in-s-gerry-adams-has-resigned-from-the-british-parliament-having-accepted-the-p.md) _Context: Gerry Adams, Sinn Fein_
5. [The brother of Sinn Fein's Gerry Adams, detained under a European arrest warrant, is released on bail after surrendering to the Garda Siochana in Ireland. ](/news/2010/03/4/the-brother-of-sinn-fa-c-in-s-gerry-adams-detained-under-a-european-arrest-warrant-is-released-on-bail-after-surrendering-to-the-garda-saoc.md) _Context: Gerry Adams, Sinn Fein_
6. [President of Sinn Fein Gerry Adams receives a death threat. ](/news/2010/01/10/president-of-sinn-fa-c-in-gerry-adams-receives-a-death-threat.md) _Context: Gerry Adams, Sinn Fein_
7. [ Northern Ireland Peace Process: Members of the Democratic Unionist Party, led by Ian Paisley, and Sinn Fein, led by Gerry Adams, meet face-to face for the first time, and agree a timetable for implementing the St. Andrews Agreement. ](/news/2007/03/26/northern-ireland-peace-process-members-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-led-by-ian-paisley-and-sinn-fa-c-in-led-by-gerry-adams-meet-face.md) _Context: Gerry Adams, Sinn Fein_
8. [ Irish Minister for Justice, Equality and Law Reform Michael McDowell directly accuses Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams as well as Martin McGuinness (both elected MPs) and Martin Ferris TD of being on the IRA Army Council, the first such direct accusation from the Irish Government. Irish Prime Minister Bertie Ahern meanwhile has said he does not know the make-up of the Council. ](/news/2005/02/20/irish-minister-for-justice-equality-and-law-reform-michael-mcdowell-directly-accuses-sinn-fa-c-in-leader-gerry-adams-as-well-as-martin-mcgui.md) _Context: Gerry Adams, Sinn Fein_
9. [ At the end of the First Count of elections to the Northern Ireland Assembly, and reflecting the early tallies the Democratic Unionist Party attracts the highest popular vote, with Sinn Fein coming second, the Ulster Unionist Party third and the SDLP fourth. Minor parties like the Progressive Unionist Party, the Alliance Party and the UK Unionist Party suffer major collapse, with the Women's Coalition losing all its seats. Later counts are expected to boost the middle ground UUP and SDLP, who show greater possibilities of picking up inter-party transfers than the more extreme DUP and Sinn Fein. Nevertheless, Sinn Fein is widely expected to have more MLAs than the SDLP, a reversal of the results in the 1998 Assembly elections. It is too close to call whether the previous larger UUP or the Rev. Ian Paisley's DUP will have more seats after all counts. The final results will not be known until late on Friday, when all six seats in each constituency are filled. The election was held under PR.STV.](/news/2003/11/27/at-the-end-of-the-first-count-of-elections-to-the-northern-ireland-assembly-and-reflecting-the-early-tallies-the-democratic-unionist-party.md) _Context: Northern Ireland Assembly, Sinn Fein_
10. [ In a series of moves designed to bring about final implementation of the Good Friday Agreement, the British Government confirms that elections to the region's devolved administration will be held on November 26. The Provisional IRA announces a further act of weapons decommissioning. Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams declares "the end to physical force republicanism". Statements from all the major parties involved are expected over the course of the day.](/news/2003/10/21/in-a-series-of-moves-designed-to-bring-about-final-implementation-of-the-good-friday-agreement-the-british-government-confirms-that-electi.md) _Context: Gerry Adams, Sinn Fein_
