### [2010-11-14](/news/2010/11/14/index.md)

# Rival Palestinian parties Fatah and Hamas accuse each other for the failure to resolve the conflict between them in the second round meeting held in Damascus, Syria. [http://www.jpost.com/MiddleEast/Article.aspx?id=195234 ("The Jerusalem Post") ]




### Related:

1. [Hamas bans Fatah supporters from holding a rally in the Gaza Strip as representatives of the two parties prepare to meet in Syria to discuss ways of resolving the conflict between them. ](/news/2010/11/9/hamas-bans-fatah-supporters-from-holding-a-rally-in-the-gaza-strip-as-representatives-of-the-two-parties-prepare-to-meet-in-syria-to-discuss.md) _Context: Fatah, Fatah-Hamas conflict, Hamas, Syria_
2. [Hamas suspends voter registration in the Gaza Strip, stalling Palestinian plans for parliamentary and presidential elections and thwarting moves towards reconciliation with the rival Fatah party. ](/news/2012/07/2/hamas-suspends-voter-registration-in-the-gaza-strip-stalling-palestinian-plans-for-parliamentary-and-presidential-elections-and-thwarting-m.md) _Context: Fatah, Fatah-Hamas conflict, Hamas_
3. [ Hamas leader Khaled Mashal declares at a rally in Damascus, Syria that its informal ceasefire with Israel, which expires at the end of the year, will not be renewed. ](/news/2005/12/8/hamas-leader-khaled-mashal-declares-at-a-rally-in-damascus-syria-that-its-informal-ceasefire-with-israel-which-expires-at-the-end-of-the.md) _Context: Damascus, Hamas, Syria_
4. [According to Syrian state media, two suicide bombers attack in Damascus, killing at least 31 people. ](/news/2017/03/15/according-to-syrian-state-media-two-suicide-bombers-attack-in-damascus-killing-at-least-31-people.md) _Context: Damascus, Syria_
5. [Tahrir al-Sham, al-Qaeda's branch in Syria, claims responsibility for yesterday's twin bomb attacks in Damascus which left dozens dead. ](/news/2017/03/12/tahrir-al-sham-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-claims-responsibility-for-yesterday-s-twin-bomb-attacks-in-damascus-which-left-dozens-dead.md) _Context: Damascus, Syria_
6. [Allegedly Israeli fighter jets strike a suspected Hezbollah weapons convoy near Damascus, Syria. ](/news/2016/11/30/allegedly-israeli-fighter-jets-strike-a-suspected-hezbollah-weapons-convoy-near-damascus-syria.md) _Context: Damascus, Syria_
7. [Several bombings kill at least 40 people in government and Kurdish held territory across Syria, including Tartus, Homs, Al-Hasakah and Damascus. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/09/5/several-bombings-kill-at-least-40-people-in-government-and-kurdish-held-territory-across-syria-including-tartus-homs-al-hasakah-and-damas.md) _Context: Damascus, Syria_
8. [A suicide bomb attack in Syria's capital Damascus kills at least 10 people. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/02/9/a-suicide-bomb-attack-in-syria-s-capital-damascus-kills-at-least-10-people-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility.md) _Context: Damascus, Syria_
9. [Syrian rebels fire volleys of mortar shells into Damascus, killing three people and wounding at least 30. Government forces respond with airstrikes into rebel-controlled Douma, just northeast of the capital, and surface-to-surface missiles into Eastern Ghouta and Saqba, that kill at least 35 people and injure many more, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2015/12/13/syrian-rebels-fire-volleys-of-mortar-shells-into-damascus-killing-three-people-and-wounding-at-least-30-government-forces-respond-with-air.md) _Context: Damascus, Syria_
10. [Two shells hit the Russian embassy in Syria's capital Damascus, as hundreds of pro-government supporters rallied outside in support of Russian airstrikes. Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov described the shelling as "a terrorist act." ](/news/2015/10/13/two-shells-hit-the-russian-embassy-in-syria-s-capital-damascus-as-hundreds-of-pro-government-supporters-rallied-outside-in-support-of-russi.md) _Context: Damascus, Syria_
