### [2010-11-14](/news/2010/11/14/index.md)

# The United States offers Israel 20 F-35s and opposition to anti-Israel resolutions in the UN if Israel agrees to a partial 90-day freeze in building in the West Bank, excluding east Jerusalem. 

US offers incentives for a 90-day building freeze in West Bank, but the proposal does not include East Jerusalem.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/11/2010111323542905184.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-11751713)
3. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/blogs/mess-report/mess-report-obama-has-made-netanyahu-an-offer-he-can-t-refuse-1.324687)
4. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Israel/Article.aspx?id=195212)

### Related:

1. [Israel-Palestine relations. The Palestinian National Authority threatens to revoke its recognition of Israel (guaranteed by their signing of the Oslo I Accord in 1993) if the United States, under the presidency of Donald Trump, moves its Embassy in Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/01/10/israel-palestine-relations-the-palestinian-national-authority-threatens-to-revoke-its-recognition-of-israel-guaranteed-by-their-signing.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem, United States_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present). Three Palestinian assailants are shot dead in separate attacks on Israeli security forces in Jerusalem and the West Bank. ](/news/2016/02/19/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-present-three-palestinian-assailants-are-shot-dead-in-separate-attacks-on-israeli-security-forces-i.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem, West Bank_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation- with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaz.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem, West Bank_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015). Two assailants are shot dead by Israeli police after knife-wielding Palestinians attacked Israelis in Jerusalem and in the West Bank. Another four people, including a Palestinian assailant, are injured in incidents at an Israeli checkpoint outside the West Bank city of Nablus and at a tram station in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2015/10/30/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-two-assailants-are-shot-dead-by-israeli-police-after-knife-wielding-palestinians-attacked-israelis-in.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem, West Bank_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015). Three Palestinians are shot dead after attacking Israeli soldiers with knives in the occupied West Bank. Jerusalem's Hadassah Hospital reports that 76-year old American-Israeli Richard Lakin, who was critically injured in a bus attack on October 13, 2015, died of his injuries. ](/news/2015/10/27/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-three-palestinians-are-shot-dead-after-attacking-israeli-soldiers-with-knives-in-the-occupied-west-bank.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem, West Bank_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian Conflict. Palestinian political violence. Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-political-violence-palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-p.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem, West Bank_
7. [Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas tells that peace negotiations will not continue until Israel makes a new settlement freeze on the West Bank, ending the current Israel-Palestine peace negotiations after just one month, though maintaining contacts with the United States. ](/news/2010/10/2/palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-tells-that-peace-negotiations-will-not-continue-until-israel-makes-a-new-settlement-freeze-on-the-west-b.md) _Context: Israel, United States, West Bank_
8. [EU commissioner Chris Patten, Baron Patten of Barnes, speaking during his first visit to Gaza since 2002, calls the Israeli blockade of Gaza an "immoral failure", expresses shock at the "huge new settlements" in the West Bank, and states the United States dominance of the Quartet on the Middle East - US, EU, UN and Russia - is wrong. ](/news/2010/07/18/eu-commissioner-chris-patten-baron-patten-of-barnes-speaking-during-his-first-visit-to-gaza-since-2002-calls-the-israeli-blockade-of-gaza.md) _Context: Israel, United States, West Bank_
9. [The United States tells Israel that it must remove 23 West Bank outposts, as previously promised. ](/news/2010/04/29/the-united-states-tells-israel-that-it-must-remove-23-west-bank-outposts-as-previously-promised.md) _Context: Israel, United States, West Bank_
10. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu resists calls from the United States to stop construction in Jerusalem; the United Nations claims Israel's blockade of Gaza prevents it from educating thousands of Palestinian children. ](/news/2010/04/23/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-resists-calls-from-the-united-states-to-stop-construction-in-jerusalem-the-united-nations-claim.md) _Context: Israel, Jerusalem, United States_
