### [2010-11-14](/news/2010/11/14/index.md)

# The French cabinet led by Prime Minister Francois Fillon resigns, paving the way for a reshuffle by President Nicolas Sarkozy. Fillon remains as Prime Minister with Michele Alliot-Marie becoming the Minister for Foreign Affairs replacing Bernard Kouchner. 

Following&#x20;the&#x20;resignation&#x20;of&#x20;the&#x20;government&#x20;over&#x20;the&#x20;weekend,&#x20;a&#x20;required&#x20;step&#x20;before&#x20;a&#x20;cabinet&#x20;reshuffle,&#x20;French&#x20;President&#x20;Nicolas&#x20;Sarkozy&#x20;has&#x20;reappointed&#x20;the&#x20;popular&#x20;Francois&#x20;Fillon&#x20;&#x28;pictured&#x29;&#x20;as&#x20;Prime&#x20;Minister.


### Source:

1. [Al-Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net//news/europe/2010/11/2010111419412771606.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-11751493)
3. [France 24](http://www.france24.com/en/20101114-sarkozy-fillon-prime-minister-government-cabinet-france-ump-politics)

### Related:

1. [The French Cabinet led by Prime Minister Francois Fillon resigns ahead of a reshuffle by President Nicolas Sarkozy. ](/news/2010/11/13/the-french-cabinet-led-by-prime-minister-franassois-fillon-resigns-ahead-of-a-reshuffle-by-president-nicolas-sarkozy.md) _Context: François Fillon, Nicolas Sarkozy, Prime Minister, president_
2. [A French Appeals Court clears former Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin of charges of involvement in a smear campaign against current President Nicolas Sarkozy. ](/news/2011/09/14/a-french-appeals-court-clears-former-prime-minister-dominique-de-villepin-of-charges-of-involvement-in-a-smear-campaign-against-current-pres.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, Prime Minister, president_
3. [ Lawyers for the former Prime Minister of France, Dominique de Villepin, say they will sue President Nicolas Sarkozy for having called him "guilty" of the "Clearstream" affair and violating the principle of presumption of innocence. ](/news/2009/09/25/lawyers-for-the-former-prime-minister-of-france-dominique-de-villepin-say-they-will-sue-president-nicolas-sarkozy-for-having-called-him.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, Prime Minister, president_
4. [ France's political "trial of the century" into the Clearstream affair&mdash;former Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin versus President Nicolas Sarkozy&mdash;opens at the Palais de Justice. ](/news/2009/09/14/france-s-political-trial-of-the-century-into-the-clearstream-affair-mdash-former-prime-minister-dominique-de-villepin-versus-president-ni.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, Prime Minister, president_
5. [Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy is ordered to stand trial for alleged campaign finance fraud during his failed 2012 presidential election campaign. ](/news/2017/02/7/former-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-is-ordered-to-stand-trial-for-alleged-campaign-finance-fraud-during-his-failed-2012-presidential.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, president_
6. [Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy officially declares his candidacy for president in 2017. ](/news/2016/08/22/former-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-officially-declares-his-candidacy-for-president-in-2017.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, president_
7. [Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy resigns as leader of The Republicans party and announces his candidacy for President again. ](/news/2016/07/3/former-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-resigns-as-leader-of-the-republicans-party-and-announces-his-candidacy-for-president-again.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, president_
8. [France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-resolution-to-lift-european-union-sanctions-against-russia-applied-after-russia-s-a.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, president_
9. [With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country's 13  regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's  party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-win-in-six-of-the-countryas-13-r.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, president_
10. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, president_
