### [2010-08-7](/news/2010/08/7/index.md)

# A man accused by witnesses of domestic violence informs a New Zealand court that he and his wife were performing the Turkish kolbasti traditional dance at the time of the alleged incident in Hawera. 

A man accused of beating his wife tells a New Zealand court they were performing a traditional dance, not fighting.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-pacific-10901313)
2. [Canadian Press](http://www.google.com/hostednews/canadianpress/article/ALeqM5ieAgIPrdROEVHq2-rfvQD4iiCnGQ)
3. [The Age](http://media.theage.com.au/entertainment/red-carpet/so-what-is-the-kolbasti-1757153.html)
4. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/australiaandthepacific/newzealand/7929568/Man-arrested-for-wife-beating-blames-traditional-Turkish-dance.html)
5. [The New Zealand Herald](http://www.nzherald.co.nz/nz/news/article.cfm?c_id=1&objectid=10664000)

### Related:

1. [Australia and New Zealand mark Anzac Day. Events occur in Afghanistan, France, Turkey and Vietnam, while Julia Gillard heads to South Korea. ](/news/2011/04/25/australia-and-new-zealand-mark-anzac-day-events-occur-in-afghanistan-france-turkey-and-vietnam-while-julia-gillard-heads-to-south-korea.md) _Context: New Zealand, Turkey_
2. [Turkey's ambassador refuses visas to Australian and New Zealand archaeologists to conduct a survey of Gallipoli Campaign  battlesites over concerns about a statue built by Sydney's Assyrian community commemorating the Assyrian Genocide in World War I. ](/news/2010/09/29/turkey-s-ambassador-refuses-visas-to-australian-and-new-zealand-archaeologists-to-conduct-a-survey-of-gallipoli-campaign-battlesites-over-c.md) _Context: New Zealand, Turkey_
3. [ More than 20,000 Australians, New Zealanders, Turks and other nationalities gather at Anzac Cove, Gallipoli, Turkey to mark the 90th anniversary of the landing at Anzac Cove during World War I. Thousands more attend ANZAC Day dawn remembrance ceremonies and marches in cities around Australia and New Zealand, 250,000 in Sydney alone. ](/news/2005/04/25/more-than-20-000-australians-new-zealanders-turks-and-other-nationalities-gather-at-anzac-cove-gallipoli-turkey-to-mark-the-90th-annive.md) _Context: New Zealand, Turkey_
4. [Turkey decides to stop teaching evolution theory to students until the university curriculum, deeming it controversial and too complex to understand. Critics say this undermines the secular foundation of the Turkish state. ](/news/2017/06/23/turkey-decides-to-stop-teaching-evolution-theory-to-students-until-the-university-curriculum-deeming-it-controversial-and-too-complex-to-un.md) _Context: Turkey_
5. [Five people are killed after being electrocuted at a water park in Akyazi, Turkey. ](/news/2017/06/23/five-people-are-killed-after-being-electrocuted-at-a-water-park-in-akyaza-turkey.md) _Context: Turkey_
6. [Despite opposition from Turkey, President Donald Trump authorizes an arms deal with the Syrian Kurds to assist the Syrian Democratic Forces in their fight against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). ](/news/2017/05/9/despite-opposition-from-turkey-president-donald-trump-authorizes-an-arms-deal-with-the-syrian-kurds-to-assist-the-syrian-democratic-forces.md) _Context: Turkey_
7. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Turkey_
8. [Rocket Lab launches its 3D-printed Electron rocket on a test flight from   Mahia Peninsula in New Zealand.  This is the first launch from New Zealand and the first from a private facility. Electron is 17 meters high, is intended for frequent launches of small payloads, and costs $5 million per liftoff. SpaceX's Falcon 9 stands at 70 meters, carries up to  22,800 kilograms to the ISS, and costs $62 million per launch. ](/news/2017/05/25/rocket-lab-launches-its-3d-printed-electron-rocket-on-a-test-flight-from-mahia-peninsula-in-new-zealand-this-is-the-first-launch-from-n.md) _Context: New Zealand_
9. [Turkey summons United States Ambassador John R. Bass to protest alleged "aggressive and unprofessional actions" by American security personnel against Turkish bodyguards, calling for the United States to conduct a full investigation on the May 17 clashes.  The American ambassador told Turkey's government that its guards violated U.S. laws. Last week, the U.S. summoned Turkish  Ambassador Serdar Kilic to discuss about Turkish security officers hitting and kicking peaceful protesters outside the Turkish ambassador's residence in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2017/05/22/turkey-summons-united-states-ambassador-john-r-bass-to-protest-alleged-aggressive-and-unprofessional-actions-by-american-security-personn.md) _Context: Turkey_
10. [The U.S. summons Turkish ambassador Serdar Kilic after violence between protesters and Turkish security personnel outside the Embassy of Turkey, Washington, D.C. leaves over a dozen people injured. U.S. Senator John McCain calls on the Trump administration to expel the ambassador. ](/news/2017/05/18/the-u-s-summons-turkish-ambassador-serdar-ka-la-ass-after-violence-between-protesters-and-turkish-security-personnel-outside-the-embassy-of.md) _Context: Turkey_
