### [2010-08-7](/news/2010/08/7/index.md)

# Fidel Castro delivers a short speech to the Cuban Parliament to warn about the risk of a nuclear war between the United States and Iran, accusing Barack Obama of provoking conflict with Iran and North Korea and urging him to prevent such a conflict. 

Ex-president makes first appearance in national assembly in four years after falling ill.


### Source:

1. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/americas/2010/08/20108715838881948.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-latin-america-10903048)

### Related:

1. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Iran, United States_
2. [Iranian President Hassan Rouhani confirmed he had contacted U.S. President Barack Obama via letters. Both countries cut all diplomatic relations after the Iranian Hostage Crisis in 1980. ](/news/2013/09/17/iranian-president-hassan-rouhani-confirmed-he-had-contacted-u-s-president-barack-obama-via-letters-both-countries-cut-all-diplomatic-relat.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Iran, United States_
3. [North Korea renews war threats against South Korea and the United States, saying conditions "for a simmering nuclear war" have been created on the Korean peninsula. The country also says it is cutting a military hotline, which facilitates the travel of South Korean workers to a joint industrial complex in Kaesong. ](/news/2013/03/27/north-korea-renews-war-threats-against-south-korea-and-the-united-states-saying-conditions-for-a-simmering-nuclear-war-have-been-created.md) _Context: North Korea, United States, nuclear war_
4. [Shinzo Abe, the Prime Minister of Japan, meets with the President of the United States Barack Obama at the White House to discuss trade, economic, and security issues including North Korea and the Senkaku Islands dispute with China. ](/news/2013/02/22/shinzo-abe-the-prime-minister-of-japan-meets-with-the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-at-the-white-house-to-discuss-trade-eco.md) _Context: Barack Obama, North Korea, United States_
5. [Fidel Castro is expected to address the Cuban national assembly on Saturday for the first time in four years; his speech is anticipated to talk of a possible nuclear war involving the United States, Israel and Iran. ](/news/2010/08/4/fidel-castro-is-expected-to-address-the-cuban-national-assembly-on-saturday-for-the-first-time-in-four-years-his-speech-is-anticipated-to-t.md) _Context: Fidel Castro, Iran, United States_
6. [President of the United States Barack Obama announces that the United States will pursue aggressive sanctions to prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon that could potentially spark a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. ](/news/2010/03/17/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-that-the-united-states-will-pursue-aggressive-sanctions-to-prevent-iran-from-getting-a.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Iran, United States_
7. [ United States President Barack Obama tells a television news crew his country is "fully prepared" for a possible missile test by North Korea over the Pacific Ocean. ](/news/2009/06/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-tells-a-television-news-crew-his-country-is-fully-prepared-for-a-possible-missile-test-by-north-kore.md) _Context: Barack Obama, North Korea, United States_
8. [ Lee Myung-bak, South Korea's president,  meets U.S. President Barack Obama in Washington to talk about North Korea. ](/news/2009/06/15/lee-myung-bak-south-korea-s-president-meets-u-s-president-barack-obama-in-washington-to-talk-about-north-korea.md) _Context: Barack Obama, North Korea, United States_
9. [ Former Cuban President Fidel Castro criticizes United States President Barack Obama for supporting "Israeli genocide" against the Palestinian people. ](/news/2009/01/31/former-cuban-president-fidel-castro-criticizes-united-states-president-barack-obama-for-supporting-israeli-genocide-against-the-palestini.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Fidel Castro, United States_
10. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: Iran, United States_
