### [2010-08-7](/news/2010/08/7/index.md)

# Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah announces Monday as the day he will present evidence reputed to implicate Israel in the 2005 car bomb assassination of then Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafiq Hariri. 

BEIRUT: Hezbollah&#039;s leader, Hassan Nasrallah, will present evidence on Monday purporting to implicate Israel in the car bomb assassination in 2005 of the former Lebanese prime minister Rafiq Hariri.


### Source:

1. [The Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/world/israel-blamed-for-hariri-assassination-20100806-11ojf.html)

### Related:

1. [Israel's Foreign Ministry alleges Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah's press conference yesterday, in which he stated he has evidence that implicates Israel in the 2005 assassination of former Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafic Hariri and 22 others, was full of "ridiculous lies". ](/news/2010/08/10/israel-s-foreign-ministry-alleges-hezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-s-press-conference-yesterday-in-which-he-stated-he-has-evidence-that-im.md) _Context: Hassan Nasrallah, Hezbollah, Israel, Lebanese Prime Minister, Lebanon_
2. [Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah gives a press conference in which he states he has evidence that implicates Israel in the 2005 assassination of then Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafic Hariri, who was killed along with 22 others. ](/news/2010/08/9/hezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-gives-a-press-conference-in-which-he-states-he-has-evidence-that-implicates-israel-in-the-2005-assassinati.md) _Context: Hassan Nasrallah, Hezbollah, Israel, Lebanese Prime Minister_
3. [A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-national-defence-force.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Lebanon_
4. [Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah confirms that the drone aircraft shot down over Israel's Negev Desert on 6 October belonged to the organization and was supplied by Iran. ](/news/2012/10/11/hezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-confirms-that-the-drone-aircraft-shot-down-over-israel-s-negev-desert-on-6-october-belonged-to-the-organiz.md) _Context: Hassan Nasrallah, Hezbollah, Israel_
5. [In Lebanon, Hezbollah's leader Hassan Nasrallah rejects the indictment and arrest warrants served by the Special Tribunal for Lebanon three days earlier against the party's four senior members. ](/news/2011/07/3/in-lebanon-hezbollah-s-leader-hassan-nasrallah-rejects-the-indictment-and-arrest-warrants-served-by-the-special-tribunal-for-lebanon-three.md) _Context: Hassan Nasrallah, Hezbollah, Lebanon_
6. [Lebanon's Government led by Prime Minister Saad Hariri collapses following the withdrawal of Hezbollah. ](/news/2011/01/12/lebanon-s-government-led-by-prime-minister-saad-hariri-collapses-following-the-withdrawal-of-hezbollah.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanese Prime Minister, Lebanon_
7. [The Lebanese army claims that Israeli Air Force planes violated Lebanon's airspace several times, in violation of the United Nations Security Council Resolution, which ended the Israeli-Lebanese war of 2006 between Lebanese-based Islamic militant group Hezbollah and Israel. ](/news/2010/12/27/the-lebanese-army-claims-that-israeli-air-force-planes-violated-lebanon-s-airspace-several-times-in-violation-of-the-united-nations-securit.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Lebanon_
8. [Lebanon's Prime Minister Saad Hariri visits Iran, seeking help to prevent violence if a U.N.-backed tribunal indicts Hezbollah members for killing former prime minister, Rafiq Hariri, and 21 others in a car bombing ](/news/2010/11/26/lebanon-s-prime-minister-saad-hariri-visits-iran-seeking-help-to-prevent-violence-if-a-u-n-backed-tribunal-indicts-hezbollah-members-for-k.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Lebanese Prime Minister, Rafiq Hariri_
9. [Sheikh Hassan Nasrallah suggests Israel carried out the 2005 assassination of ex-Lebanese PM Rafic Hariri, and promises he will show proof at a press conference next week. ](/news/2010/08/3/sheikh-hassan-nasrallah-suggests-israel-carried-out-the-2005-assassination-of-ex-lebanese-pm-rafic-hariri-and-promises-he-will-show-proof-a.md) _Context: Hassan Nasrallah, Israel, Lebanese Prime Minister_
10. [Hezbollah states it has passed on evidence said to implicate Israel in the 2005 assassination of then Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafic Hariri. ](/news/2010/08/17/hezbollah-states-it-has-passed-on-evidence-said-to-implicate-israel-in-the-2005-assassination-of-then-prime-minister-of-lebanon-rafic-hariri.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Lebanese Prime Minister_
