### [2010-08-7](/news/2010/08/7/index.md)

# Pakistan issues a red alert as the worst floods in its history move south towards Sindh, with hundreds of thousands of people being evacuated, at least 10,000 cows killed and Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani appealing on television for help from the international community. 

Pakistan issues a red alert as floods that have devastated northern areas sweep south into the agricultural heartland of Sindh province.


### Source:

1. [Aljazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/asia/2010/08/20108795249902616.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-south-asia-10900947)

### Related:

1. [Hina Rabbani Khar is appointed Minister of Foreign Affairs of Pakistan by Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gillani to become the first female Foreign Minister. ](/news/2011/02/13/hina-rabbani-khar-is-appointed-minister-of-foreign-affairs-of-pakistan-by-prime-minister-yousaf-raza-gillani-to-become-the-first-female-fore.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan, Yousaf Raza Gillani_
2. [2010 Pakistan floods:. Around 150,000 people flee their homes in Sindh as the devastating floods worsen in Pakistan. ](/news/2010/08/22/2010-pakistan-floods-around-150-000-people-flee-their-homes-in-sindh-as-the-devastating-floods-worsen-in-pakistan.md) _Context: Pakistan, Sindh, devastating floods_
3. [ The Prime Minister of Pakistan Yousaf Raza Gillani denies any involvement in the 2008 Indian embassy bombing in Kabul. The Government of Afghanistan has hinted that it believes that Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence had some involvement. ](/news/2008/07/8/the-prime-minister-of-pakistan-yousaf-raza-gillani-denies-any-involvement-in-the-2008-indian-embassy-bombing-in-kabul-the-government-of-af.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan, Yousaf Raza Gillani_
4. [Pakistan's opposition interrupts Parliament's scheduled session demanding Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif resign during the investigation of his finances, per Thursday's Supreme Court ruling. ](/news/2017/04/21/pakistan-s-opposition-interrupts-parliament-s-scheduled-session-demanding-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-resign-during-the-investigation-of-his.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
5. [The Sindh province of Pakistan passes a law against forced religious conversions, carrying a minimum five-year sentence and a maximum sentence of life imprisonment, following criticism over protection of minorities in the country. ](/news/2016/11/25/the-sindh-province-of-pakistan-passes-a-law-against-forced-religious-conversions-carrying-a-minimum-five-year-sentence-and-a-maximum-senten.md) _Context: Pakistan, Sindh_
6. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif-s government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
7. [India-Pakistan relations. Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is met by Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif at Allama Iqbal International Airport in Lahore for a two-hour meeting. Modi's surprise stopover is the first since Indian Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee visited Pakistan in 2004. ](/news/2015/12/25/india-pakistan-relations-indian-prime-minister-narendra-modi-is-met-by-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-at-allama-iqbal-internationa.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
8. [At least eleven people are killed in Pakistan in fighting between rival parties as voters go to the polls for local elections in Sindh province. ](/news/2015/10/31/at-least-eleven-people-are-killed-in-pakistan-in-fighting-between-rival-parties-as-voters-go-to-the-polls-for-local-elections-in-sindh-provi.md) _Context: Pakistan, Sindh_
9. [58 people are killed in a bus crash in the Sukkur District in southern Pakistan's Sindh province. ](/news/2014/11/11/58-people-are-killed-in-a-bus-crash-in-the-sukkur-district-in-southern-pakistan-s-sindh-province.md) _Context: Pakistan, Sindh_
10. [Pakistan unrest. Pakistani protesters armed with sticks and stones clash with police in the centre of Islamabad after protests calling for the resignation of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif turn violent. All schools in the capital have been closed as a result of the clashes. ](/news/2014/09/1/pakistan-unrest-pakistani-protesters-armed-with-sticks-and-stones-clash-with-police-in-the-centre-of-islamabad-after-protests-calling-for-t.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
