### [2010-08-7](/news/2010/08/7/index.md)

# President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos, in his inauguration speech, vows to improve relations with Ecuador and Venezuela. 




### Source:

1. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english2010/world/2010-08/08/c_13435768.htm)

### Related:

1. [The President of Venezuela Nicolas Maduro and the President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos agree to gradually reopen their common border which had been closed following a Venezuelan crackdown on smuggling. ](/news/2015/09/22/the-president-of-venezuela-nicola-s-maduro-and-the-president-of-colombia-juan-manuel-santos-agree-to-gradually-reopen-their-common-border-wh.md) _Context: Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos, Venezuela_
2. [President of Venezuela Hugo Chvez welcomes President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos to Caracas. ](/news/2010/11/2/president-of-venezuela-hugo-chavez-welcomes-president-of-colombia-juan-manuel-santos-to-caracas.md) _Context: Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos, Venezuela_
3. [President of Venezuela Hugo Chavez announces that he has agreed to meet President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos tomorrow for talks to end strained relations between the two countries. ](/news/2010/08/9/president-of-venezuela-hugo-cha-vez-announces-that-he-has-agreed-to-meet-president-of-colombia-juan-manuel-santos-tomorrow-for-talks-to-end.md) _Context: Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos, Venezuela_
4. [Colombia-Venezuela relations:: Venezuela and Colombia re-establish diplomatic relations after a meeting between recently inaugurated President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez in Santa Marta, Colombia, mediated by UNASUR Secretary General Nestor Kirchner. ](/news/2010/08/11/colombia-venezuela-relations-venezuela-and-colombia-re-establish-diplomatic-relations-after-a-meeting-between-recently-inaugurated-preside.md) _Context: Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos, Venezuela_
5. [Referendum: Colombian government and FARC representatives meet in Havana, and President Juan Manuel Santos will meet with presidential predecessors Alvaro Uribe, the accord opposition leader, and Andres Pastrana Arango, to continue negotiations to end the 52-year war that has killed around a quarter of a million people. ](/news/2016/10/4/referendum-colombian-government-and-farc-representatives-meet-in-havana-and-president-juan-manuel-santos-will-meet-with-presidential-prede.md) _Context: Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos_
6. [Colombian peace agreement referendum, 2016: FARC leader Rodrigo Londono (Timoleon) says his troops will honor its commitments to the Colombian government, including the permanent cease-fire, despite voters rejection of the peace accord in Sunday's referendum. President Juan Manuel Santos calls the country's political parties to an emergency meeting. ](/news/2016/10/3/colombian-peace-agreement-referendum-2016-farc-leader-rodrigo-londoa-o-timolea3n-says-his-troops-will-honor-its-commitments-to-the-colom.md) _Context: Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos_
7. [Colombian peace process: Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos extends his ceasefire with the FARC rebels through the end of the year. ](/news/2016/10/13/colombian-peace-process-colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-extends-his-ceasefire-with-the-farc-rebels-through-the-end-of-the-year.md) _Context: Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos_
8. [Colombian conflict: The President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos announces that he will sign the peace deal with the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia or FARC on September 26. ](/news/2016/09/2/colombian-conflict-the-president-of-colombia-juan-manuel-santos-announces-that-he-will-sign-the-peace-deal-with-the-revolutionary-armed-for.md) _Context: Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos_
9. [Non-aligned Movement: Around ten heads of state attend the 17th Non-aligned Movement summit in Isla Margarita, Venezuela, including Evo Morales of Bolivia, Raul Castro of Cuba, Rafael Correa of Ecuador, Hassan Rouhani of Iran, Mahmoud Abbas of the State of Palestine, Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, and Venezuela's president Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/09/17/non-aligned-movement-around-ten-heads-of-state-attend-the-17th-non-aligned-movement-summit-in-isla-margarita-venezuela-including-evo-mora.md) _Context: Ecuador, Venezuela_
10. [Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos signs a decree fully legalizing medical marijuana. Growers must apply to the National Narcotics Council for a license. Earlier, Colombia decriminalized personal possession of up to 20 grams. ](/news/2015/12/22/colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-signs-a-decree-fully-legalizing-medical-marijuana-growers-must-apply-to-the-national-narcotics-counc.md) _Context: Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos_
