### [2017-07-30](/news/2017/07/30/index.md)

# Republic of the Congo parliamentary election, 2017. Voters in the Republic of the Congo return to the polls for the second round of an election for 139 National Assembly members, after the governing Congolese Party of Labour won 70 seats in the first round two weeks earlier. 




### Source:

1. [RFI](http://www.rfi.fr/afrique/20170722-congo-brazzaville-resultats-legislatives-pct-sassou-nguesso)

### Related:

1. [Republic of the Congo parliamentary election, 2017. Voters in the Republic of the Congo participate in the first round of an election of National Assembly members. ](/news/2017/07/16/republic-of-the-congo-parliamentary-election-2017-voters-in-the-republic-of-the-congo-participate-in-the-first-round-of-an-election-of-nat.md) _Context: National Assembly, Republic of the Congo, Republic of the Congo parliamentary election, 2017_
2. [Mongolian presidential election, 2017. Mongolians go to the polls to elect a new president. The centre-right Democratic Party's Battulga Khaltmaa wins a plurality of votes, but falls short of a majority, necessitating a second round. ](/news/2017/06/26/mongolian-presidential-election-2017-mongolians-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-a-new-president-the-centre-right-democratic-party-s-battulga-kha.md) _Context: second round_
3. [French legislative election, 2017. Voters in France return to the polls for the second round of a legislative election, with 573 of 577 seats in the National Assembly yet to be decided after the first round. ](/news/2017/06/18/french-legislative-election-2017-voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-a-legislative-election-with-573-of-577-seat.md) _Context: second round_
4. [French presidential election, 2017. Voters in France return to the polls for a run-off, to elect either Emmanuel Macron or Marine Le Pen as the new President of France.](/news/2017/05/7/french-presidential-election-2017-voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-for-a-run-off-to-elect-either-emmanuel-macron-or-marine-le-pen-as.md) _Context: second round_
5. [French presidential election, 2017. Voting begins in territories and diplomatic missions west of Metropolitan France for the second round of the presidential election between Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen. ](/news/2017/05/6/french-presidential-election-2017-voting-begins-in-territories-and-diplomatic-missions-west-of-metropolitan-france-for-the-second-round-of.md) _Context: second round_
6. [Lithuanian parliamentary election, 2016. Voters head to the polls in second round elections in constituencies where no candidate won over 50 percent on October 9 with the Lithuanian Peasant and Greens Union winning a plurality of seats. ](/news/2016/10/23/lithuanian-parliamentary-election-2016-voters-head-to-the-polls-in-second-round-elections-in-constituencies-where-no-candidate-won-over-50.md) _Context: second round_
7. [Austrian presidential election, 2016. The second round of voting takes place to elect either Norbert Hofer or Alexander Van der Bellen as President of Austria. ](/news/2016/05/22/austrian-presidential-election-2016-the-second-round-of-voting-takes-place-to-elect-either-norbert-hofer-or-alexander-van-der-bellen-as-pr.md) _Context: second round_
8. [Republic of the Congo presidential election, 2016. Fighting erupts between unknown assailants and police in the southern part of Brazzaville, capital of the Republic of the Congo, after a disputed Presidential election that brought Denis Sassou Nguesso back to power for a third term. The reason for the clashes is not immediately clear but they have taken place in districts where support for the opposition is strong. The government blames the violence on the Ninjas, a militant group active during the Second Republic of the Congo Civil War. ](/news/2016/04/4/republic-of-the-congo-presidential-election-2016-fighting-erupts-between-unknown-assailants-and-police-in-the-southern-part-of-brazzaville.md) _Context: Republic of the Congo_
9. [Republic of the Congo presidential election, 2016. Current President of the Republic of the Congo Denis Sassou Nguesso is reelected with 60 percent of the vote amid tight security and a communications blackout. Opposition leaders say that they will not accept the outcome. ](/news/2016/03/24/republic-of-the-congo-presidential-election-2016-current-president-of-the-republic-of-the-congo-denis-sassou-nguesso-is-reelected-with-60.md) _Context: Republic of the Congo_
10. [Republic of the Congo presidential election, 2016. Voters in the Republic of the Congo go to the polls with current President Denis Sassou Nguesso expected to extend his 32-year rule. Telephone, internet and SMS services have been shut down in what has been called a "media blackout." ](/news/2016/03/20/republic-of-the-congo-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-republic-of-the-congo-go-to-the-polls-with-current-president-denis-sassou-n.md) _Context: Republic of the Congo_
