### [2017-07-30](/news/2017/07/30/index.md)

# Voters in Venezuela participate in an election for members of a new Constitutional Assembly, devised by President Nicolas Maduro to amend the constitution following a legislative takeover in March. Many Venezuelans question the election's legitimacy, resulting in boycotts and ongoing protests. 

Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro defies critics to push for a new constitution. Critics call is a power grab. Here&apos;s what you need to know.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/07/candidate-killed-violence-venezuela-vote-170730155600672.html)
2. [PJ Media](https://pjmedia.com/trending/2017/07/30/candidate-for-assembly-three-others-killed-in-venezuela-on-election-day/)
3. [The Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/world/mexico-americas/la-fg-venezuela-constitution-20170730-htmlstory.html)
4. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/30/world/americas/venezuela-constituent-assembly-election.html)
4. [Cover Image](http://www.trbimg.com/img-597d1c00/turbine/la-fg-venezuela-constitution-20170730)

### Related:

1. [Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro says voting in his upcoming election on July 30 is mandatory for all 2.8 million state employees, with employees who do not vote facing ostracisation. Opponents of the government plan to hold their own unofficial referendum on the Maduro government on July 16. ](/news/2017/07/7/venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-says-voting-in-his-upcoming-election-on-july-30-is-mandatory-for-all-2-8-million-state-employees-with.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela, Venezuelan Constitutional Assembly election, 2017_
2. [The United States sanctions Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro over the controversial Constitutional Assembly election which critics say is an attempt to establish a dictatorship. ](/news/2017/07/31/the-united-states-sanctions-venezuelan-president-nicola-s-maduro-over-the-controversial-constitutional-assembly-election-which-critics-say-i.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Nicolas Maduro, Venezuelan Constitutional Assembly election, 2017_
3. [The Supreme Court of Venezuela bars Luisa Ortega Diaz, the chief prosecutor and outspoken critic of president Nicolas Maduro, from leaving the country and freezes her assets. ](/news/2017/06/28/the-supreme-court-of-venezuela-bars-luisa-ortega-daaz-the-chief-prosecutor-and-outspoken-critic-of-president-nicola-s-maduro-from-leaving.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
4. [Armed civilian groups attack the National Assembly building, after a clash between lawmakers and the Bolivarian National Guard (GNB), leaving various legislators and journalists injured. Opposition legislator and President of the Assembly Julio Borges blames President Nicolas Maduro for the attack. ](/news/2017/06/27/armed-civilian-groups-attack-the-national-assembly-building-after-a-clash-between-lawmakers-and-the-bolivarian-national-guard-gnb-leavin.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Nicolas Maduro, ongoing protests_
5. [Marking the 50th consecutive day of protests, hundreds of thousands demonstrate throughout Venezuela against President Nicolas Maduro, with civil unrest growing despite the increasing number of casualties. ](/news/2017/05/20/marking-the-50th-consecutive-day-of-protests-hundreds-of-thousands-demonstrate-throughout-venezuela-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-with.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela, ongoing protests_
6. [Venezuela's Supreme Tribunal rules that opposition's proposed amendment to change the President's term of office from six to four years can not be applied retroactively, thereby ending this attempt to cut short President Nicolas Maduro's time in office. ](/news/2016/04/25/venezuela-s-supreme-tribunal-rules-that-opposition-s-proposed-amendment-to-change-the-president-s-term-of-office-from-six-to-four-years-can.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela, the constitution_
7. [Armed men dressed as soldiers, apparently led by former National Guard captain Juan Carlos Caguaripano, attack a Venezuelan Army base near Valencia, Carabobo, declaring themselves in rebellion against the National Constituent Assembly and President Nicolas Maduro. At least two people are killed. ](/news/2017/08/6/armed-men-dressed-as-soldiers-apparently-led-by-former-national-guard-captain-juan-carlos-caguaripano-attack-a-venezuelan-army-base-near-v.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Nicolas Maduro_
8. [The new Constituent Assembly votes to remove Attorney General Luisa Ortega Diaz, a prominent critic of President Nicolas Maduro, from her post. The move comes hours after troops from the National Guard surrounded her home in Caracas. ](/news/2017/08/5/the-new-constituent-assembly-votes-to-remove-attorney-general-luisa-ortega-daaz-a-prominent-critic-of-president-nicola-s-maduro-from-her.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Nicolas Maduro_
9. [South American trade bloc Mercosur will trigger its democratic clause this weekend to suspend Venezuela indefinitely, furthering its past temporary suspension, and not allow the country back until internal political issues have been resolved. ](/news/2017/08/3/south-american-trade-bloc-mercosur-will-trigger-its-democratic-clause-this-weekend-to-suspend-venezuela-indefinitely-furthering-its-past-te.md) _Context: Venezuela, Venezuelan Constitutional Assembly election, 2017_
10. [Venezuela's National Commission of Telecommunications (Conatel) takes Colombian television channels Caracol Television and RCN Television off air due to their coverage of the 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. ](/news/2017/08/24/venezuela-s-national-commission-of-telecommunications-conatel-takes-colombian-television-channels-caracol-televisia3n-and-rcn-televisia3n.md) _Context: 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis, Venezuela_
