### [2017-01-31](/news/2017/01/31/index.md)

# Cabinet of Donald Trump: The U.S. Senate confirms former U.S. labor secretary and deputy transportation secretary Elaine Chao as Secretary of Transportation. Chao is married to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. 

Amid tensions over president&rsquo;s travel ban, a longtime Washington figure is elevated to a key administration role.


### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/trafficandcommuting/trumps-transportation-secretary-pick-elaine-chao-confirmed-in-senate-with-some-top-democrats-balking/2017/01/31/a15c7604-df42-11e6-ad42-f3375f271c9c_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump: President-elect Donald Trump names Tom Price as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services; former President George W. Bush Administration official and wife of Mitch McConnell Elaine Chao as United States Secretary of Transportation; ](/news/2016/11/29/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-donald-trump-names-tom-price-as-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-service.md) _Context: Elaine Chao, Mitch McConnell, Secretary of Transportation_
2. [Efforts to repeal and replace Obamacare: The U.S. Republican Party's leadership, facing strong opposition to the Senate version of H.R. 1628, the American Health Care Act of 2017, postpones the planned vote on the bill, a setback to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. ](/news/2017/06/27/efforts-to-repeal-and-replace-obamacare-the-u-s-republican-party-s-leadership-facing-strong-opposition-to-the-senate-version-of-h-r-1628.md) _Context: Mitch McConnell_
3. [Cabinet of Donald Trump: The United States Senate, in a 52 to 47 vote, confirms the nomination of Jeff Sessions as United States Attorney General. ](/news/2017/02/8/cabinet-of-donald-trump-the-united-states-senate-in-a-52-to-47-vote-confirms-the-nomination-of-jeff-sessions-as-united-states-attorney-ge.md) _Context: Trump administration_
4. [Cabinet of Donald Trump: The U.S. Senate confirms, via Vice President Mike Pence's unprecedented tie-breaking vote, Betsy DeVos as Secretary of Education. ](/news/2017/02/7/cabinet-of-donald-trump-the-u-s-senate-confirms-via-vice-president-mike-pence-s-unprecedented-tie-breaking-vote-betsy-devos-as-secretary.md) _Context: Trump administration_
5. [Democratic National Committee chairmanship election, 2017: Voting takes place in Atlanta, Georgia, to elect a new Chair of the Democratic National Committee. Candidates include Sally Boynton Brown, Keith Ellison, Jehmu Greene and former United States Secretary of Labor Tom Perez. ](/news/2017/02/25/democratic-national-committee-chairmanship-election-2017-voting-takes-place-in-atlanta-georgia-to-elect-a-new-chair-of-the-democratic-na.md) _Context: United States Secretary of Labor_
6. [United States immigration ban: The Trump administration releases a new memo that sets the policy for the deportation of undocumented migrants accused of any crime. ](/news/2017/02/21/united-states-immigration-ban-the-trump-administration-releases-a-new-memo-that-sets-the-policy-for-the-deportation-of-undocumented-migrant.md) _Context: Trump administration_
7. [Formation of Donald Trump's cabinet: U.S. President Donald Trump names Florida International University College of Law Dean and former National Labor Relations Board member Alexander Acosta to be Secretary of Labor. The President's initial nominee, Andy Puzder, withdrew his nomination yesterday. ](/news/2017/02/16/formation-of-donald-trump-s-cabinet-u-s-president-donald-trump-names-florida-international-university-college-of-law-dean-and-former-natio.md) _Context: United States Secretary of Labor_
8. [Formation of Donald Trump's cabinet: Andrew Puzder, CEO of CKE Restaurants, withdraws from consideration to be Secretary of Labor in President Donald Trump's cabinet. ](/news/2017/02/15/formation-of-donald-trump-s-cabinet-andrew-puzder-ceo-of-cke-restaurants-withdraws-from-consideration-to-be-secretary-of-labor-in-preside.md) _Context: United States Secretary of Labor_
9. [Cabinet of Donald Trump: The United States Senate, in a 53-47 vote, confirms Steven Mnuchin to be Treasury Secretary. ](/news/2017/02/13/cabinet-of-donald-trump-the-united-states-senate-in-a-53-47-vote-confirms-steven-mnuchin-to-be-treasury-secretary.md) _Context: Trump administration_
10. [Cabinet of Donald Trump: The United States Senate, in a 52 to 47 vote, confirms physician and U.S. Representative Tom Price to be Secretary of Health and Human Services. ](/news/2017/02/10/cabinet-of-donald-trump-the-united-states-senate-in-a-52-to-47-vote-confirms-physician-and-u-s-representative-tom-price-to-be-secretary.md) _Context: Trump administration_
