### [2017-01-31](/news/2017/01/31/index.md)

# President Donald Trump has nominated Judge Neil Gorsuch to fill the vacant seat on the Supreme Court of the United States. Neil Gorsuch is the youngest nominee to the court in 25 years. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2017/01/31/politics/donald-trump-supreme-court-nominee/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: Neil Gorsuch, Supreme Court of the United States_
2. [U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyers tell a federal court, in a case alleging negligence and incitement to riot during a 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, that he is "immune from suit because he is President of the United States." A lawyer for the plaintiffs responds that, in ''Clinton v. Jones'', the Supreme Court found the president could be sued for events that occurred before he took office. ](/news/2017/04/15/u-s-president-donald-trump-s-lawyers-tell-a-federal-court-in-a-case-alleging-negligence-and-incitement-to-riot-during-a-2016-campaign-rall.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Supreme Court of the United States_
3. [President Donald Trump's pick for the U.S. Supreme Court, Neil Gorsuch, is sworn in at the White House. ](/news/2017/04/10/president-donald-trump-s-pick-for-the-u-s-supreme-court-neil-gorsuch-is-sworn-in-at-the-white-house.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Neil Gorsuch_
4. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Supreme Court of the United States_
5. [The U.S. Department of Homeland Security withdraws its order that Twitter  unmask a user whose tweets are critical of President Donald Trump following the company's court filing to block the order on constitutional grounds. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-u-s-department-of-homeland-security-withdraws-its-order-that-twitter-unmask-a-user-whose-tweets-are-critical-of-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
6. [Local Republican candidate Karen Handel says she wants Donald Trump to campaign for her in the district. ](/news/2017/04/19/local-republican-candidate-karen-handel-says-she-wants-donald-trump-to-campaign-for-her-in-the-district.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
7. [The Supreme Court of the United States refuses to vacate a stay of execution issued by the Arkansas Supreme Court. Arkansas's highest court has also put on hold the execution of another inmate, Bruce Ward. The state had planned to execute eight inmates in eleven days. That schedule, as well as the use of the drug midazolam, sparked a broad range of legal challenges and humanitarian concerns about the executions. Today's planned execution of Don W. Davis would have been the state's first since 2005. ](/news/2017/04/18/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-refuses-to-vacate-a-stay-of-execution-issued-by-the-arkansas-supreme-court-arkansas-s-highest-court.md) _Context: Supreme Court of the United States_
8. [As expected, during a visit to Kenosha, Wisconsin, President Donald Trump signed an executive order requiring U.S. federal agencies to take measures aimed at protecting U.S. workers, boost protections for some U.S. products, and examine the H-1B visa program which affords foreign workers opportunities for employment in U.S. specialty fields. ](/news/2017/04/18/as-expected-during-a-visit-to-kenosha-wisconsin-president-donald-trump-signed-an-executive-order-requiring-u-s-federal-agencies-to-take.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
9. [Tens of thousands of people march in dozens of U.S. cities and at President Donald Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort in Palm Beach, Florida, to demand that Trump release his tax returns and to show the public cares about the issue. There were clashes between Trump supporters and protesters at some locations, with 11 people injured and 21 arrested at a riot in Berkeley, California. ](/news/2017/04/15/tens-of-thousands-of-people-march-in-dozens-of-u-s-cities-and-at-president-donald-trump-s-mar-a-lago-resort-in-palm-beach-florida-to-dema.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
10. [In an interview, U.S. President Donald Trump says the U.S. dollar is "getting too strong" and wants to keep interest rates low, causing the U.S. Dollar Index to fall. ](/news/2017/04/12/in-an-interview-u-s-president-donald-trump-says-the-u-s-dollar-is-getting-too-strong-and-wants-to-keep-interest-rates-low-causing-the.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
