### [2017-01-31](/news/2017/01/31/index.md)

# The United Kingdom posthumously pardons around 49,000 gay and bisexual men found guilty of decades-old sodomy laws in England and Wales.  Those still living can apply for a statutory pardon.  

Posthumous pardons are granted for offences that are no longer a crime on a &quot;momentous day&quot;.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-38814338)

### Related:

1. [The Met Office issues travel warnings for parts of Wales, Scotland and England as Storm Doris, described as a "weather bomb", brings gales, heavy rain and snow to the United Kingdom. At least one person is killed. ](/news/2017/02/23/the-met-office-issues-travel-warnings-for-parts-of-wales-scotland-and-england-as-storm-doris-described-as-a-aweather-bomba-brings-gal.md) _Context: England, United Kingdom, Wales_
2. [Tata Steel is to cut 1,050 jobs in the United Kingdom, with the majority going in South Wales. The Indian multinational steel-making company announced there will be 750 job losses at its Port Talbot Steelworks in Port Talbot, Wales while another 300 jobs will go at its plants in Corby and Hartlepool in England. ](/news/2016/01/18/tata-steel-is-to-cut-1-050-jobs-in-the-united-kingdom-with-the-majority-going-in-south-wales-the-indian-multinational-steel-making-company.md) _Context: England, United Kingdom, Wales_
3. [Thirteen areas of south-west England and Wales have been warned of possible floods as the United Kingdom prepares for heavy rain. ](/news/2012/12/14/thirteen-areas-of-south-west-england-and-wales-have-been-warned-of-possible-floods-as-the-united-kingdom-prepares-for-heavy-rain.md) _Context: England, United Kingdom, Wales_
4. [United Kingdom - Sarah's Law, a scheme which allows parents to check if someone with access to their children is a sex offender, will be extended to cover the whole of England and Wales by Spring 2011 after proving successful in four pilot areas. ](/news/2010/08/1/united-kingdom-sarah-s-law-a-scheme-which-allows-parents-to-check-if-someone-with-access-to-their-children-is-a-sex-offender-will-be-ext.md) _Context: England, United Kingdom, Wales_
5. [Thousands, including some  from Australia, protest in London, England, against the  renewal of the United Kingdom's Trident nuclear deterrent system, the largest anti-nuclear rally since 1983. Leader of the Labour Party Jeremy Corbyn, Scottish National Party leader and First Minister of Scotland Nicola Sturgeon, the Welsh Plaid Cymru Party, and the Green Party participated in the march. A parliamentary vote on renewing Trident is expected this year. ](/news/2016/02/27/thousands-including-some-from-australia-protest-in-london-england-against-the-renewal-of-the-united-kingdom-s-trident-nuclear-deterren.md) _Context: England, Wales_
6. [The UK House of Commons passes an "English votes for English laws" bill by 312 to 270 votes giving English MPs a greater say over legislation that only applies to England. The bill has been fiercely opposed by the opposition Labour Party and the Scottish National Party. ](/news/2015/10/22/the-uk-house-of-commons-passes-an-english-votes-for-english-laws-bill-by-312-to-270-votes-giving-english-mps-a-greater-say-over-legislatio.md) _Context: England, United Kingdom_
7. [The United Kingdom's National Crime Agency arrests a man as a suspected hacker in western England in connection with a June 15, 2014 cyber attack on the messaging service used by employees at the U.S. Department of Defense. ](/news/2015/03/6/the-united-kingdom-s-national-crime-agency-arrests-a-man-as-a-suspected-hacker-in-western-england-in-connection-with-a-june-15-2014-cyber-a.md) _Context: England, United Kingdom_
8. [Large areas of England and Wales are under flood warnings as another storm arrives. The Somerset Levels are the worst affected area. ](/news/2014/02/8/large-areas-of-england-and-wales-are-under-flood-warnings-as-another-storm-arrives-the-somerset-levels-are-the-worst-affected-area.md) _Context: England, Wales_
9. [2013-14 United Kingdom floods:The British Geological Society warns that 1.6 million properties in England and Wales are at risk from groundwater flooding with flood risks likely to be high until at least May. ](/news/2014/02/11/2013-14-united-kingdom-floods-pthe-british-geological-society-warns-that-1-6-million-properties-in-england-and-wales-are-at-risk-from-ground.md) _Context: England, Wales_
10. [St Jude storm:The storm hits England and Wales, causing at least one death with flights and train services cancelled. ](/news/2013/10/28/st-jude-storm-pthe-storm-hits-england-and-wales-causing-at-least-one-death-with-flights-and-train-services-cancelled.md) _Context: England, Wales_
