### [2017-01-31](/news/2017/01/31/index.md)

# The Kremlin arrests four people, Kaspersky Lab's  Ruslan Stoyanov, and  three officials in the Federal Security Service (FSB previously KGB) Center for Information Security, reportedly on treason charges for passing information to  America's CIA. 

Russian media reported the arrests this week of three individuals suspected of treason, including a researcher employed by the nation&#8217;s leading cybersecurity firm and two employees of the former KGB.


### Source:

1. [ (''The Washington Times](http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/jan/27/russian-treason-probe-results-arrests-fsb-official/?)
2. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/5355936ae6824ef4aaa045b9475065c3/reported-treason-arrests-fuel-russian-hacking-intrigue)
3. [New York Daily News](http://www.nydailynews.com/news/national/russian-spy-officials-accused-treason-working-cia-article-1.2960651)
4. [The New York Times'' Jan 25](https://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2017/01/25/world/europe/ap-eu-russia-cybersecurity.html)

### Related:

1. [WikiLeaks releases thousands of documents that it claims provides details of surveillance software used by the United States Central Intelligence Agency. ](/news/2017/03/7/wikileaks-releases-thousands-of-documents-that-it-claims-provides-details-of-surveillance-software-used-by-the-united-states-central-intelli.md) _Context: American, CIA_
2. [Wikileaks releases U.S. Central Intelligence Agency director John O. Brennan's personal information after the top spy's personal email account was allegedly hacked by a 13-year-old and information sent to Wikileaks. All of the documents predate Brennan's time in the Obama administration and reveal no classified data. Among the information released are Social Security numbers,  an incomplete questionnaire for security clearance, and addresses of his family and associates. ](/news/2015/10/21/wikileaks-releases-u-s-central-intelligence-agency-director-john-o-brennan-s-personal-information-after-the-top-spy-s-personal-email-accou.md) _Context: American, CIA_
3. [Defense lawyers say the United States continues to block the release of 116 pages of the lawyers' notes detailing the torture that Guantanimo Bay prisoner Abu Zubaydah says he experienced in CIA custody.  Zubaydah has yet to be charged with any crime despite being held since 2002. ](/news/2015/09/11/defense-lawyers-say-the-united-states-continues-to-block-the-release-of-116-pages-of-the-lawyers-notes-detailing-the-torture-that-guantanim.md) _Context: American, CIA_
4. [Germany expels the Berlin station chief of the United States Central Intelligence Agency following a series of spy scandals. ](/news/2014/07/10/germany-expels-the-berlin-station-chief-of-the-united-states-central-intelligence-agency-following-a-series-of-spy-scandals.md) _Context: American, CIA_
5. [The United States Central Intelligence Agency website  and Alabama state websites go down with reports that Anonymous is responsible. ](/news/2012/02/10/the-united-states-central-intelligence-agency-website-and-alabama-state-websites-go-down-with-reports-that-anonymous-is-responsible.md) _Context: American, CIA_
6. [Police in Iran make several arrests of suspects in relation to an attack on two nuclear physicists that it claims are connected to the United States Central Intelligence Agency, Mossad from Israel, and MI6 in the United Kingdom. ](/news/2010/12/2/police-in-iran-make-several-arrests-of-suspects-in-relation-to-an-attack-on-two-nuclear-physicists-that-it-claims-are-connected-to-the-unite.md) _Context: American, CIA_
7. [The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) and the Center for Constitutional Rights (CCR) both sue the United States (US) after it bans lawyers from a case taken by the father of Muslim cleric Anwar al-Awlaki against the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), which has labelled him a "specially designated global terrorist". ](/news/2010/08/3/the-american-civil-liberties-union-aclu-and-the-center-for-constitutional-rights-ccr-both-sue-the-united-states-us-after-it-bans-lawye.md) _Context: American, CIA_
8. [''The New York Times'' claims that Mohammed Zia Salehi, an official of Afghanistan's Karzai administration accused of  graft is on the United States Central Intelligence Agency payroll. ](/news/2010/08/26/the-new-york-times-claims-that-mohammed-zia-salehi-an-official-of-afghanistan-s-karzai-administration-accused-of-graft-is-on-the-unite.md) _Context: American, CIA_
9. [The United States confirms the existence of videotapes - found under a Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) desk - of the alleged 2002 interrogation of a suspect the country had detained at a secret prison. ](/news/2010/08/17/the-united-states-confirms-the-existence-of-videotapes-found-under-a-central-intelligence-agency-cia-desk-of-the-alleged-2002-interrog.md) _Context: American, CIA_
10. [Iran passes on to Tehran's Swiss embassy what it describes as evidence proving that the United States Central Intelligence Agency abducted Iranian nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri. ](/news/2010/07/4/iran-passes-on-to-tehran-s-swiss-embassy-what-it-describes-as-evidence-proving-that-the-united-states-central-intelligence-agency-abducted-i.md) _Context: American, CIA_
