### [2017-01-31](/news/2017/01/31/index.md)

# The State Department memorandum about concerns with this travel ban is submitted to acting Secretary of State Tom Shannon through the federal government's Dissent Channel. This protest memo had between 900-1,000 signatures. Department officials said these signatures are far more than any dissent cable in recent years, adding more diplomats want to add their names to it. 

About 900 State Department officials so far have signed an internal memo protesting a travel ban by U.S. President Donald Trump on refugees and travelers f


### Source:

1. [Reuters and AFP-JIJI via ''The Japan Times](http://www.japantimes.co.jp/news/2017/02/01/world/politics-diplomacy-world/900-state-department-officials-sign-unprecedented-protest-memo-travel-ban/#.WJGG0oWcHIU)
2. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/31/world/americas/state-dept-dissent-cable-trump-immigration-order.html?hp&action=click&pgtype=Homepage&clickSource=story-heading&module=a-lede-package-region&region=top-news&WT.nav=top-news&_r=0)
3. [Voice of America](http://www.voanews.com/a/over-a-thousand-state-dept-personnel-officially-dissent-to-immigration-order/3700399.html)

### Related:

1. [Citing a drop in demand, the Dubai-based, United Arab Emirates-owned airline Emirates Air announces a cut in flights to five of its 12 U.S. destinations.  The airline's Dubai hub, third-busiest in the world, is a major stop for travelers in countries affected by President Donald Trump's travel ban, and is also one of several Middle East airports affected by a U.S. ban on tablets, laptops, and similar devices in the passenger cabin. ](/news/2017/04/19/citing-a-drop-in-demand-the-dubai-based-united-arab-emirates-owned-airline-emirates-air-announces-a-cut-in-flights-to-five-of-its-12-u-s.md) _Context: President Donald Trump's travel ban_
2. [Presidency of Donald Trump U.S. President Donald Trump signs a revised version of Executive Order 13769 eliminating Iraq from the order and reducing the indefinite suspension of Syrian refugees to 120 days. The order will be in effect on March 16, 2017. ](/news/2017/03/6/presidency-of-donald-trump-pu-s-president-donald-trump-signs-a-revised-version-of-executive-order-13769-eliminating-iraq-from-the-order-and.md) _Context: President Donald Trump's travel ban_
3. [United States Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says he thinks the longer term status of president Bashar al-Assad is to be "decided by the Syrian people". This appears as a policy shift, since under president Barack Obama's administration, the United States made the departure of Assad a key policy aim. ](/news/2017/03/30/united-states-secretary-of-state-rex-tillerson-says-he-thinks-the-longer-term-status-of-president-bashar-al-assad-is-to-be-decided-by-the-s.md) _Context: United States Secretary of State_
4. [U.S. immigration suspension, ''State of Washington v. Trump''Trump's travel ban remains suspended as the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denies the Justice Department's request to stay the ruling which blocks major portions of the executive order. ](/news/2017/02/5/u-s-immigration-suspension-state-of-washington-v-trump-ptrump-s-travel-ban-remains-suspended-as-the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-nint.md) _Context: President Donald Trump's travel ban_
5. [U.S. immigration suspension, ''State of Washington v. Trump''The Department of Homeland Security says it has stopped enforcing the executive order per Judge James Robart's ruling in ''State of Washington v. Trump''. The State Department activates visas that had been previously suspended because of this order. ](/news/2017/02/4/u-s-immigration-suspension-state-of-washington-v-trump-pthe-department-of-homeland-security-says-it-has-stopped-enforcing-the-executiv.md) _Context: President Donald Trump's travel ban_
6. [The United States Senate, in a 56-43 vote, confirms Rex Tillerson's nomination as United States Secretary of State. ](/news/2017/02/1/the-united-states-senate-in-a-56a43-vote-confirms-rex-tillerson-s-nomination-as-united-states-secretary-of-state.md) _Context: United States Secretary of State_
7. [White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer, during the daily press briefing, says State Department officials should follow the President's program or get new jobs . ](/news/2017/01/30/white-house-press-secretary-sean-spicer-during-the-daily-press-briefing-says-state-department-officials-should-follow-the-president-s-prog.md) _Context: President Donald Trump's travel ban_
8. [U.S. federal judges in the states of Massachusetts, Virginia, and Washington sign orders halting implementation of parts of the executive order. ](/news/2017/01/29/u-s-federal-judges-in-the-states-of-massachusetts-virginia-and-washington-sign-orders-halting-implementation-of-parts-of-the-executive-or.md) _Context: President Donald Trump's travel ban_
9. [Travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen are blocked from entering the United States as the executive order takes effect. ](/news/2017/01/28/travelers-from-iran-iraq-libya-somalia-sudan-syria-and-yemen-are-blocked-from-entering-the-united-states-as-the-executive-order-takes.md) _Context: President Donald Trump's travel ban_
10. [President Trump signs an executive order limiting refugees and immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries, including Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The order also prioritizes the vetting of Christian refugees of the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/27/president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-limiting-refugees-and-immigration-from-seven-muslim-majority-countries-including-iran-iraq-libya.md) _Context: President Donald Trump's travel ban_
