### [2016-01-30](/news/2016/01/30/index.md)

# Global surveillance disclosures (2013-present): Edward Snowden: NSA documents show the US and UK spied on Israeli military drones and fighter jets. 

Newly released documents from Edward Snowden show that the NSA and GCHQ coordinated to hack into, decrypt, and track live video feeds of Israeli drones and fighter jets. The documents, published by...


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/01/29/politics/us-uk-israel-drones/)
2. [The Verge](http://www.theverge.com/2016/1/29/10872860/gchq-nsa-drone-spy-snowden)

### Related:

1. [Global surveillance disclosures (2013-present): The Shadow Brokers group releases files allegedly from the National Security Agency which indicate efforts to monitor financial transactions made through the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication. ](/news/2017/04/14/global-surveillance-disclosures-2013-present-the-shadow-brokers-group-releases-files-allegedly-from-the-national-security-agency-which.md) _Context: Global surveillance disclosures (2013-present), National Security Agency_
2. [The Supreme Court of Norway rejects NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden's extradition lawsuit against the Norwegian government. ](/news/2016/11/25/the-supreme-court-of-norway-rejects-nsa-whistleblower-edward-snowden-s-extradition-lawsuit-against-the-norwegian-government.md) _Context: Edward Snowden, National Security Agency_
3. [The U.S. House Intelligence Committee releases a summary of its two-year investigation into former NSA contractor Edward Snowden which downplays his alleged status as a whistleblower while acknowledging "tremendous damage to national security" as a result of the classified documents he stole. ](/news/2016/09/15/the-u-s-house-intelligence-committee-releases-a-summary-of-its-two-year-investigation-into-former-nsa-contractor-edward-snowden-which-downp.md) _Context: Edward Snowden, National Security Agency_
4. [The Wikimedia Foundation and eight other organisations file a lawsuit in the state of Maryland, US against the National Security Agency and the United States Department of Justice regarding the NSA's mass surveillance program. The Wikimedia Foundation is the owner and parent company of Wikipedia. ](/news/2015/03/10/the-wikimedia-foundation-and-eight-other-organisations-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-state-of-maryland-us-against-the-national-security-agency-and.md) _Context: Global surveillance disclosures (2013-present), National Security Agency_
5. [The "Washington Post" and "The Guardian" newspapers win the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service for their stories on the National Security Agency based on leaks from Edward Snowden. ](/news/2014/04/14/the-washington-post-and-the-guardian-newspapers-win-the-pulitzer-prize-for-public-service-for-their-stories-on-the-national-security-age.md) _Context: Edward Snowden, National Security Agency_
6. [Global surveillance disclosures (2013-present): Edward Snowden is nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. [http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2014-01-29/snowden-nominated-by-norwegian-lawmakers-for-nobel-peace-prize.html (Bloomberg)]: In the US Senate, James Clapper, Director of National Intelligence, calls for the return of NSA documents by "Snowden and his accomplices"; asked whether this includes journalists, Clapper's spokesperson says "Director Clapper was referring to anyone who is assisting Edward Snowden to further threaten our national security through the unauthorized disclosure of stolen documents related to lawful foreign intelligence collection programs." ([http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jan/29/james-clapper-condemns-snowden-senate-testimony "The Guardian"])](/news/2014/01/29/global-surveillance-disclosures-2013-present-edward-snowden-is-nominated-for-the-nobel-peace-prize-http-www-bloomberg-com-news-2014.md) _Context: Edward Snowden, Global surveillance disclosures (2013-present)_
7. [Global surveillance disclosures (2013-present): Mike Rogers accuses Edward Snowden of collaborating with Russia. ](/news/2014/01/20/global-surveillance-disclosures-2013-present-mike-rogers-accuses-edward-snowden-of-collaborating-with-russia.md) _Context: Edward Snowden, Global surveillance disclosures (2013-present)_
8. [Edward Snowden offers Brazil information over the NSA spying of its citizens. ](/news/2013/12/17/edward-snowden-offers-brazil-information-over-the-nsa-spying-of-its-citizens.md) _Context: Edward Snowden, National Security Agency_
9. [An amnesty deal is being floated by the National Security Agency for the leaker Edward Snowden. ](/news/2013/12/16/an-amnesty-deal-is-being-floated-by-the-national-security-agency-for-the-leaker-edward-snowden.md) _Context: Edward Snowden, National Security Agency_
10. [Alan Rusbridger, the editor of "The Guardian", reveals that the British authorities forced the newspaper to destroy computer hard disk drives containing material leaked by Edward Snowden. ](/news/2013/08/20/alan-rusbridger-the-editor-of-the-guardian-reveals-that-the-british-authorities-forced-the-newspaper-to-destroy-computer-hard-disk-drive.md) _Context: Edward Snowden, UK_
