### [2016-01-30](/news/2016/01/30/index.md)

# Two of the inmates who escaped from a jail in Santa Ana, California, were arrested in San Francisco. 




### Source:

1. [San Francisco Chronicle](http://www.sfgate.com/news/crime/articleComments/The-Latest-Sheriff-to-provide-update-on-2-6795177.php)

### Related:

1. [American Airlines announces it is investigating a viral video of an incident on a San Francisco to Dallas flight which shows a male flight attendant upsetting a female passenger, who he had allegedly forcefully taken a baby buggy from, and threatening to fight a male passenger. The American Airlines employee has been suspended. ](/news/2017/04/22/american-airlines-announces-it-is-investigating-a-viral-video-of-an-incident-on-a-san-francisco-to-dallas-flight-which-shows-a-male-flight-a.md) _Context: San Francisco_
2. [Uber suspends tests of its self-driving cars in San Francisco, California, after the California Department of Motor Vehicles revoked the registration of the vehicles in the state in response to two red-light violations. ](/news/2016/12/21/uber-suspends-tests-of-its-self-driving-cars-in-san-francisco-california-after-the-california-department-of-motor-vehicles-revoked-the-reg.md) _Context: San Francisco_
3. [U.S. District Judge Charles R. Breyer in San Francisco approves German automaker Volkswagen $14.7 billion settlement with federal and California regulators and the owners of the 475,000 polluting diesel vehicles over diesel emissions cheating scandal. Volkswagen still faces billions of dollars more in fines and litigation. ](/news/2016/10/25/u-s-district-judge-charles-r-breyer-in-san-francisco-approves-german-automaker-volkswagen-14-7-billion-settlement-with-federal-and-califo.md) _Context: San Francisco_
4. [The father of  Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While  generally free of liability under U.S. law  which  provides a legal ''safe harbor'' for content posted, this case targets  the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015-paris-massacre-files-suit-i.md) _Context: San Francisco_
5. [San Francisco Police Department Chief Greg Suhr resigns from his position several hours after a black woman is shot by police in San Francisco. ](/news/2016/05/19/san-francisco-police-department-chief-greg-suhr-resigns-from-his-position-several-hours-after-a-black-woman-is-shot-by-police-in-san-francis.md) _Context: San Francisco_
6. [A group of United States mayors forms ''"Mayors Against Discrimination"'' in the wake of  recent discriminatory laws enacted  in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carol.md) _Context: San Francisco_
7. [ Tribune Publishing, an American company whose Southern California media holdings include the ''Los Angeles Times''  and ''The San Diego Union-Tribune'', wins an auction for bankrupt newspapers, ''Orange County Register'', published in Santa Ana, and ''The Press-Enterprise'', headquartered in  Riverside, for $56 million, subject to judicial approval. A federal bankruptcy court hearing is scheduled for Monday. The U.S. Justice Department has warned that a Tribune purchase could violate antitrust laws. ](/news/2016/03/17/tribune-publishing-an-american-company-whose-southern-california-media-holdings-include-the-los-angeles-times-and-the-san-diego-uni.md) _Context: Santa Ana_
8. [General Motors acquires Cruise Automation, a three-year old software company that's been testing self-driving cars on the streets of San Francisco. ](/news/2016/03/11/general-motors-acquires-cruise-automation-a-three-year-old-software-company-that-s-been-testing-self-driving-cars-on-the-streets-of-san-fra.md) _Context: San Francisco_
9. [Uber, in San Francisco, California (U.S.), federal court, says it will pay $28.5 million to settle two lawsuits over misleading background check information. Prosecutors settled a similar lawsuit with  competitor Lyft in 2014. ](/news/2016/02/11/uber-in-san-francisco-california-u-s-federal-court-says-it-will-pay-28-5-million-to-settle-two-lawsuits-over-misleading-background-c.md) _Context: San Francisco_
10. [A San Francisco-bound Southwest Airlines flight returned to Los Angeles after an apparent altercation on the plane. Eyewitness accounts indicate that the fracas may have begun after one passenger reclined her seat, and the passenger behind her  allegedly "started choking her." One passenger was removed from the flight. The airline moved the remaining passengers to a different plane to resume their journey to San Francisco. ](/news/2015/10/18/a-san-francisco-bound-southwest-airlines-flight-returned-to-los-angeles-after-an-apparent-altercation-on-the-plane-eyewitness-accounts-indi.md) _Context: San Francisco_
