### [2012-01-24](/news/2012/01/24/index.md)

# 2011-2012 Syrian uprising: 52 civilians are killed by Syrian security forces, 39 of which were killed in the city of Hama alone. 

Syrian security forces killed 52 people across the country on Tuesday as troops stormed Hama following large protests in the flashpoint central city, activists said. &quot;The Syrian armed forces stormed the neighborhoods of Bab Qubli and al-Jarajmah...


### Source:

1. [Naharnet](http://www.naharnet.com/stories/en/27733-52-dead-including-39-in-homs-as-syrian-forces-storm-hama)

### Related:

1. [Syrian uprising:: Syrian armed forces continue to shell the city of Hama and at least 59 civilians are reported killed across Syria, in Idlib, Homs, Hama, Daraa, Lattakia, Aleppo and Damascus. ](/news/2012/03/22/syrian-uprising-syrian-armed-forces-continue-to-shell-the-city-of-hama-and-at-least-59-civilians-are-reported-killed-across-syria-in-idli.md) _Context: 2011-2012 Syrian uprising, Hama_
2. [2011-2012 Syrian uprising: Protests referred to by activists as "The Friday for International Military Intervention" spread from the northern city of Aleppo to the central regions of Hama and Homs, and southern province of Daraa. ](/news/2012/03/16/2011-2012-syrian-uprising-protests-referred-to-by-activists-as-the-friday-for-international-military-intervention-spread-from-the-north.md) _Context: 2011-2012 Syrian uprising, Hama_
3. [2011-2012 Syrian uprising:: The Syrian Army launches an offensive against Hama and continue the bombardment of Homs. ](/news/2012/02/15/2011-2012-syrian-uprising-the-syrian-army-launches-an-offensive-against-hama-and-continue-the-bombardment-of-homs.md) _Context: 2011-2012 Syrian uprising, Hama_
4. [Arab Spring:: 2011-2012 Syrian uprising:: Activists say the Syrian Army has launched new attacks against Homs and Hama, as the United Nations Security Council prepares to discuss the conflict. ](/news/2012/01/27/arab-spring-2011-2012-syrian-uprising-activists-say-the-syrian-army-has-launched-new-attacks-against-homs-and-hama-as-the-united-nati.md) _Context: 2011-2012 Syrian uprising, Hama_
5. [Politics of Syria: In the first declared visit to the town since the beginning of the war, President Bashar al-Assad attends the Eid al-Fitr prayer in Hama. ](/news/2017/06/25/politics-of-syria-in-the-first-declared-visit-to-the-town-since-the-beginning-of-the-war-president-bashar-al-assad-attends-the-eid-al-fitr.md) _Context: Hama_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian Army troops surround the central prison in Hama after inmates revolted, seizing several guards. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says inmates were protesting against a planned transfer of prisoners from Hama to Sednaya Prison near Damascus. ](/news/2016/05/2/syrian-civil-war-syrian-army-troops-surround-the-central-prison-in-hama-after-inmates-revolted-seizing-several-guards-the-syrian-observat.md) _Context: Hama_
7. [Syrian Civil War: ISIL claims to have shot down a Syrian Arab Air Force MiG-23, southeast of Damascus, and captured its pilot. Amaq News Agency, which supports ISIL, gave the pilot-s name as Azzam Eid, from Hama. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says it was not clear whether the plane had been shot down or crashed because of mechanical failure. ](/news/2016/04/23/syrian-civil-war-isil-claims-to-have-shot-down-a-syrian-arab-air-force-mig-23-southeast-of-damascus-and-captured-its-pilot-amaq-news-age.md) _Context: Hama_
8. [A nationwide power outage hits Syria. The Syrian government says shortly before the power outage, militants had hit part of a power-generating station with rockets in the city of Hama, though it hasn't said whether this damage was linked to the nationwide outage. Also, it isn't clear how many people are affected by the power outage as many cities outside of the government's control already weren't being served by the government-run power grid. ](/news/2016/03/3/a-nationwide-power-outage-hits-syria-the-syrian-government-says-shortly-before-the-power-outage-militants-had-hit-part-of-a-power-generati.md) _Context: Hama_
9. [Syrian Civil War:: Eleven people, including six members of a United Nations Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons fact finding mission, are attacked near Hama in central Syria. ](/news/2014/05/27/syrian-civil-war-eleven-people-including-six-members-of-a-united-nations-organisation-for-the-prohibition-of-chemical-weapons-fact-findin.md) _Context: Hama_
10. [Syrian Civil War:: Chemical weapons are used again in Syria, this time on the town of Kafr Zita, Hama. ](/news/2014/04/12/syrian-civil-war-chemical-weapons-are-used-again-in-syria-this-time-on-the-town-of-kafr-zita-hama.md) _Context: Hama_
