### [2012-01-24](/news/2012/01/24/index.md)

# In Libya, the town of Bani Walid, a former stronghold of Muammar Gaddafi, revolts against the National Transitional Council government. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://af.reuters.com/article/topNews/idAFJOE80N04T20120124)

### Related:

1. [Deposed Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi is killed in a crossfire between Gaddafi loyalists and rebel fighters in his hometown of Sirte, Libya. [http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-15389550 (BBC)]The pro-Gaddafi stronghold of Sirte is captured by National Transitional Council forces following a month-long siege. The fall of Sirte marks the effective consolidation of NTC control across Libya, following the capture of the Gaddafi holdout of Bani Walid on October 17. [http://af.reuters.com/article/topNews/idAFJOE79J09O20111020 (Reuters Africa)]Mutassim Gaddafi is killed in an extrajudicial killing. ([http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2051857/Gaddafi-dead-Dictators-son-Mutassim-pictured-moments-execution.html?ITO=google_news_rss_feed Daily Mail])](/news/2011/10/20/deposed-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-is-killed-in-a-crossfire-between-gaddafi-loyalists-and-rebel-fighters-in-his-hometown-of-sirte-liby.md) _Context: Bani Walid, Libya, Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council_
2. [A group of Gaddafi loyalists take control of part of the town of Bani Walid and fly the green flag after a battle with NTC forces left 5 dead and 20 injured. ](/news/2012/01/23/a-group-of-gaddafi-loyalists-take-control-of-part-of-the-town-of-bani-walid-and-fly-the-green-flag-after-a-battle-with-ntc-forces-left-5-dea.md) _Context: Bani Walid, Muammar Gaddafi, revolts_
3. [Libya's National Transitional Council criticizes Niger's offer of asylum to ousted Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi's son, Saadi Gaddafi, for whom Interpol has issued an arrest warrant, saying Niger's position is "hostile" and a "challenge" to Libya. ](/news/2011/11/14/libya-s-national-transitional-council-criticizes-niger-s-offer-of-asylum-to-ousted-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-s-son-saadi-gaddafi-for.md) _Context: Libya, Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council_
4. [2011 Libyan civil war: ousted Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi's stronghold of Sirte is reportedly close to being conquered by the forces of the National Transitional Council, who have captured the city's airport, hospital, university and conference centre. ](/news/2011/10/9/2011-libyan-civil-war-ousted-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-s-stronghold-of-sirte-is-reportedly-close-to-being-conquered-by-the-forces-of.md) _Context: Libya, Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council_
5. [The bodies of ousted Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi, his son and advisor Mutassim Gaddafi, and former defence minister Abu-Bakr Yunis Jabr are buried in unmarked graves by the National Transitional Council. ](/news/2011/10/25/the-bodies-of-ousted-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-his-son-and-advisor-mutassim-gaddafi-and-former-defence-minister-abu-bakr-yunis-jabr.md) _Context: Libya, Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council_
6. [United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton makes an unannounced visit to the Libyan capital Tripoli, aiming to strengthen ties between the United States and the National Transitional Council, which has established itself as Libya's ruling body following the ousting of Muammar Gaddafi. ](/news/2011/10/18/united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-makes-an-unannounced-visit-to-the-libyan-capital-tripoli-aiming-to-strengthen-ties-between.md) _Context: Libya, Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council_
7. [2011 Libyan civil war: National Transitional Council forces gain control of Muammar Gaddafi's former stronghold of Bani Walid, after a bloody six-week siege. ](/news/2011/10/17/2011-libyan-civil-war-national-transitional-council-forces-gain-control-of-muammar-gaddafi-s-former-stronghold-of-bani-walid-after-a-blood.md) _Context: Bani Walid, Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council_
8. [2011 Libyan civil war: Fighting continues in the city of Bani Walid, one of the few remaining towns loyal to the ousted dictator Muammar Gaddafi, between pro-Gaddafi fighters and besieging forces loyal to the National Transitional Council. ](/news/2011/10/16/2011-libyan-civil-war-fighting-continues-in-the-city-of-bani-walid-one-of-the-few-remaining-towns-loyal-to-the-ousted-dictator-muammar-gad.md) _Context: Bani Walid, Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council_
9. [2011 Libyan civil war: forces loyal to deposed Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi launch a counter-attack against opposition fighters in the towns of Bani Walid and Sirte. ](/news/2011/09/17/2011-libyan-civil-war-forces-loyal-to-deposed-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-launch-a-counter-attack-against-opposition-fighters-in-the-to.md) _Context: Bani Walid, Libya, Muammar Gaddafi_
10. [2011 Libyan civil war: Libya's National Transitional Council extends the deadline for tribal leaders in Muammar Gaddafi's hometown of Sirte to surrender in order to avoid further fighting. ](/news/2011/09/1/2011-libyan-civil-war-libya-s-national-transitional-council-extends-the-deadline-for-tribal-leaders-in-muammar-gaddafias-hometown-of-sirt.md) _Context: Libya, Muammar Gaddafi, National Transitional Council_
