### [2014-08-13](/news/2014/08/13/index.md)

# Associated Press journalist Simone Camilli, a freelance translator and four Gaza police officers are killed when police tried to defuse unexploded ordnance. 




### Source:

1. [Memri](http://www.memritv.org/clip/en/4417.htm)
2. [AP](http://hosted2.ap.org/APDEFAULT/3d281c11a96b4ad082fe88aa0db04305/Article_2014-08-13-ML-Obit-Camilli/id-b8fd98c1954b4f448aee5200889d71ce)
3. [The Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2723784/Journalist-Simone-Camilli-6-killed-Palestinian-bomb-unit-dismantle-Israeli-missile.html)

### Related:

1. [The Trump White House bars ''The New York Times'', CNN, the ''Los Angeles Times'', the ''New York Daily News'', ''The Hill'',  the ''Daily Mail'',  BBC,  Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as  Breitbart News, One America News Network, and ''The Washington Times''. Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News,  ''The Wall Street Journal'', Bloomberg News, and Fox News. ''Time'' magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to  in protest. The White House Correspondents' Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House's actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-hill-the-daily-m.md) _Context: Associated Press_
2. [Authorities report the death toll has risen to 36. Alameda County Sheriff Gregory Ahern told the  Associated Press they don't believe additional bodies will be found in the debris.  ](/news/2016/12/5/authorities-report-the-death-toll-has-risen-to-36-alameda-county-sheriff-gregory-ahern-told-the-associated-press-they-don-t-believe-additi.md) _Context: Associated Press_
3. [The Associated Press reports that Hillary Clinton has the support of enough delegates to secure the Democratic Party nomination. Since delegates do not vote until the convention though, she is the presumptive nominee of the party. ](/news/2016/06/6/the-associated-press-reports-that-hillary-clinton-has-the-support-of-enough-delegates-to-secure-the-democratic-party-nomination-since-deleg.md) _Context: Associated Press_
4. [A 22-year-old Dutch woman held in Qatar for nearly three months after telling police she had been raped is released following the court ruling of a one-year suspended prison sentence. The Associated Press reports it isn't clear "[...] what sentence was given to the man she accused of rape."  ](/news/2016/06/13/a-22-year-old-dutch-woman-held-in-qatar-for-nearly-three-months-after-telling-police-she-had-been-raped-is-released-following-the-court-ruli.md) _Context: Associated Press_
5. [The Associated Press reports that Donald Trump has secured enough delegates to secure the Republican Party nomination for President. ](/news/2016/05/26/the-associated-press-reports-that-donald-trump-has-secured-enough-delegates-to-secure-the-republican-party-nomination-for-president.md) _Context: Associated Press_
6. [The Associated Press reports a government-sponsored committee of 27 companies/trade associations, set up by the U.S. FAA in February, on Friday submitted recommendations that could clear the way for commercial drone flights over populated areas, and help speed the introduction of package delivery drones. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-associated-press-reports-a-government-sponsored-committee-of-27-companies-trade-associations-set-up-by-the-u-s-faa-in-february-on-fri.md) _Context: Associated Press_
7. [ Azerbaijan calls a unilateral ceasefire in its fight with ethnic Armenians one day after 30 soldiers died. The Associated Press reports rebel forces reject Azerbaijan's claims, saying they see no sign the government has stopped fighting. ](/news/2016/04/3/azerbaijan-calls-a-unilateral-ceasefire-in-its-fight-with-ethnic-armenians-one-day-after-30-soldiers-died-the-associated-press-reports-reb.md) _Context: Associated Press_
8. [While South Korea prepares for the 2018 Winter Olympics, the Associated Press reports the country has covered up widespread human rights violations, including rapes and murders, when it swept so-called vagrants off the streets in the years prior to the 1988 Games in Seoul. Thousands of victims have received no compensation, nor public recognition nor an apology. The AP says two early attempts to investigate were suppressed by senior officials and the current government refuses to  revisit the case and is blocking a push by an opposition lawmaker. ](/news/2016/04/19/while-south-korea-prepares-for-the-2018-winter-olympics-the-associated-press-reports-the-country-has-covered-up-widespread-human-rights-vio.md) _Context: Associated Press_
9. [Pulitzer PrizesThe Associated Press wins the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service for documenting the use of slave labor in Southeast Asia to supply seafood to American tables. ](/news/2016/04/18/pulitzer-prizespthe-associated-press-wins-the-pulitzer-prize-for-public-service-for-documenting-the-use-of-slave-labor-in-southeast-asia-to.md) _Context: Associated Press_
10. [Iran says last night, Saudi warplanes bombed its embassy in the Yemeni capital, Sana'a, wounding several of its guards. The Associated Press reports there is no visible damage to the building. A Saudi-alliance spokesman promises to investigate the accusations. ](/news/2016/01/7/iran-says-last-night-saudi-warplanes-bombed-its-embassy-in-the-yemeni-capital-sana-a-wounding-several-of-its-guards-the-associated-press.md) _Context: Associated Press_
