### [2014-08-13](/news/2014/08/13/index.md)

# Slovenian parliamentary election, 2014: Miro Cerar secures an absolute majority of votes in parliament to become new prime minister of Slovenia after receiving an endorsement by the Pensioner's Party DeSUS, as well as by the outgoing PM Alenka Bratusek and her Alliance. 




### Source:

1. [Slovenia Times](http://www.sloveniatimes.com/cerar-secures-sufficient-support-for-pm-designate)

### Related:

1. [Slovenian parliamentary election, 2014: The outgoing prime minister Alenka Bratusek and her alliance is barred from entering the new government due to "ethical concerns", notably her self-nomination as the country's EU commissioner, a decision currently being investigated by the Commission for the Prevention of Corruption. ](/news/2014/08/21/slovenian-parliamentary-election-2014-the-outgoing-prime-minister-alenka-bratua-ek-and-her-alliance-is-barred-from-entering-the-new-govern.md) _Context: Alenka Bratusek, Slovenian parliamentary election, 2014, alliance_
2. [European migrant crisis: Slovenia's prime minister, Miro Cerar says Slovenia is ready to build a fence on its border with Croatia if an EU plan to stem the flow of migrants across the Balkans fails. ](/news/2015/10/28/european-migrant-crisis-slovenia-s-prime-minister-miro-cerar-says-slovenia-is-ready-to-build-a-fence-on-its-border-with-croatia-if-an-eu-p.md) _Context: Miro Cerar, Slovenia_
3. [Former Slovenian prime minister Alenka Bratusek withdraws her candidacy as Vice-President of the European Commission and as European Commissioner for Energy after having been rejected by the European Parliament. ](/news/2014/10/9/former-slovenian-prime-minister-alenka-bratua-ek-withdraws-her-candidacy-as-vice-president-of-the-european-commission-and-as-european-commis.md) _Context: Alenka Bratusek, Slovenia_
4. [Violeta Bulc is nominated as Slovenia's new candidate for EU commissioner after the former prime minister Alenka Bratusek was rejected by the European Parliament. ](/news/2014/10/10/violeta-bulc-is-nominated-as-slovenia-s-new-candidate-for-eu-commissioner-after-the-former-prime-minister-alenka-bratua-ek-was-rejected-by-t.md) _Context: Alenka Bratusek, Slovenia_
5. [Outgoing Slovenian prime minister Alenka Bratusek is formally nominated by Jean-Claude Juncker as the country's EU commissioner despite resistance from the prime minister-designate Miro Cerar, and according to several European media she is slated to become a Vice-President of the Commission. ](/news/2014/09/5/outgoing-slovenian-prime-minister-alenka-bratua-ek-is-formally-nominated-by-jean-claude-juncker-as-the-country-s-eu-commissioner-despite-res.md) _Context: Alenka Bratusek, Miro Cerar_
6. [Slovenian MEPs of the European People's Party announce that they will vote against the new line-up of the European Commission on 22 October unless former PM Alenka Bratusek is replaced as Slovenia's commissioner. ](/news/2014/09/20/slovenian-meps-of-the-european-people-s-party-announce-that-they-will-vote-against-the-new-line-up-of-the-european-commission-on-22-october.md) _Context: Alenka Bratusek, Slovenia_
7. [Slovenia's 12th government is sworn in with Miro Cerar as the new prime minister. ](/news/2014/09/19/slovenia-s-12th-government-is-sworn-in-with-miro-cerar-as-the-new-prime-minister.md) _Context: Miro Cerar, Slovenia_
8. [Slovenian parliamentary election, 2014:: The new centrist Party of Miro Cerar wins the Slovenian elections by a landslide while both the Social Democrats and the centre-right parties suffer their worst-ever defeat, and the winner of the previous elections, Positive Slovenia, does not even pass the electoral threshold. ](/news/2014/07/13/slovenian-parliamentary-election-2014-the-new-centrist-party-of-miro-cerar-wins-the-slovenian-elections-by-a-landslide-while-both-the-soc.md) _Context: Slovenia, Slovenian parliamentary election, 2014_
9. [Parliament of Slovenia ousts Prime Minister Janez Jansa amid corruption allegations. Opposition leader Alenka Bratusek is tasked to form a new government. ](/news/2013/02/28/parliament-of-slovenia-ousts-prime-minister-janez-jana-a-amid-corruption-allegations-opposition-leader-alenka-bratua-ek-is-tasked-to-form-a.md) _Context: Alenka Bratusek, Slovenia_
10. [European migrant crisis: Macedonia says it will no longer let any migrants through its southern border with Greece, effectively blocking the Balkan route for migrants. The decision came after Slovenia barred access to migrants transiting the country. There are around 13,000 migrants now stranded at the Macedonia-Greece border. ](/news/2016/03/9/european-migrant-crisis-macedonia-says-it-will-no-longer-let-any-migrants-through-its-southern-border-with-greece-effectively-blocking-the.md) _Context: Slovenia_
