### [2014-08-13](/news/2014/08/13/index.md)

# The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims that 52 people have died as Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant Islamists gain control of eight villages between Aleppo and the Turkish border. 

Jihadists of the Islamic State (IS) group seized a string of villages in northern Syria on Wednesday in fighting that left 52 people dead.


### Source:

1. [AFP via First Post](http://www.firstpost.com/world/syria-52-dead-jihadists-capture-eight-villages-1663625.html)

### Related:

1. [Turkish jets hit Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) militia with 26 airstrikes in three recently-captured-from-ISIL villages west of al-Bab and northeast of Aleppo. The Turkish General Staff says between 160 and 200 have been killed, while the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports 11 dead and dozens of people wounded. ](/news/2016/10/20/turkish-jets-hit-kurdish-led-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-militia-with-26-airstrikes-in-three-recently-captured-from-isil-villages-west-of.md) _Context: Aleppo, ISIL, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, Turkey_
2. [Syrian Civil War Airstrikes hit  Darkush in Idlib Province near the Turkish border, killing at least 23 people, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.  At least 25 died when rebels shelled government-held areas of Aleppo. Friday is the last day of a 72-hour Syrian Army-sponsored ceasefire. ](/news/2016/07/8/syrian-civil-war-pairstrikes-hit-darkush-in-idlib-province-near-the-turkish-border-killing-at-least-23-people-according-to-the-syrian-obs.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, Turkey_
3. [The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL militants have kidnapped about 900 Syrian Kurdish civilians from Aleppo over the past three weeks in retaliation for the Kurdish and US-backed Syrian Democratic Forces attack on Manbij. The captives are being forced to build fortifications for the extremists. At least 26 of those abducted reportedly have been killed for refusing to follow ISIL orders. ](/news/2016/06/24/the-britain-based-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-isil-militants-have-kidnapped-about-900-syrian-kurdish-civilians-from-aleppo-o.md) _Context: Aleppo, ISIL, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
4. [Turkey's Anadolu Agency reports that 45 Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants have been killed by a combination  of Turkish Army shelling and a U.S. air strike north of Aleppo. ](/news/2016/05/14/turkey-s-anadolu-agency-reports-that-45-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-militants-have-been-killed-by-a-combination-of-turkish-army-sh.md) _Context: Aleppo, ISIL, Turkey_
5. [ISIL militants cut off the Syrian Army's main supply route to the city of Aleppo and capture the village of Khanasir, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/02/23/isil-militants-cut-off-the-syrian-army-s-main-supply-route-to-the-city-of-aleppo-and-capture-the-village-of-khanasir-according-to-the-syria.md) _Context: Aleppo, ISIL, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
6. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that at least 50 United States military instructors have deployed to northern Syria from Turkey and Iraq to train Kurdish forces ahead of an assault on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah. ](/news/2015/11/30/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-that-at-least-50-united-states-military-instructors-have-deployed-to-northern-syria-from-tur.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, Turkey_
7. [Islamic State fighters take control of a section of road running between the towns of Khanaser and Ithriya, southeast of Aleppo, according to a monitoring group. This threatens the Syrian army's only supply route into the city. ](/news/2015/10/23/islamic-state-fighters-take-control-of-a-section-of-road-running-between-the-towns-of-khanaser-and-ithriya-southeast-of-aleppo-according-t.md) _Context: Aleppo, ISIL, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
8. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims that ISIL militants have captured 60 villages near the Kurdish town of Kobani on the border with Turkey. ](/news/2014/09/20/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-claims-that-isil-militants-have-captured-60-villages-near-the-kurdish-town-of-kobani-on-the-border-w.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, Turkey_
9. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: ISIL, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
10. [At least 47 ISIL militants have been killed by Turkish and U.S.-led bombing raids by fighter jets on the town of al-Bab in the last 24 hours, with the Turkish Armed Forces attacking 135 other ISIL targets in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/3/at-least-47-isil-militants-have-been-killed-by-turkish-and-u-s-led-bombing-raids-by-fighter-jets-on-the-town-of-al-bab-in-the-last-24-hours.md) _Context: ISIL, Turkey_
