### [2002-11-5](/news/2002/11/5/index.md)

#  Embattled U.S. Securities and Exchange Commissioner Harvey Pitt tenders his resignation.




### Related:

1. [President Donald Trump is expected to nominate Columbia University law professor Robert Jackson to be a member of the Securities and Exchange Commission. ](/news/2017/08/31/president-donald-trump-is-expected-to-nominate-columbia-university-law-professor-robert-jackson-to-be-a-member-of-the-securities-and-exchang.md) _Context: Securities and Exchange Commission_
2. ["The Wall Street Journal" reports that the FBI and SEC have launched an insider trading investigation involving billionaire investor Carl Icahn, Las Vegas gambler and investor Billy Walters, and golf superstar Phil Mickelson. No wrongdoing has yet been alleged. ](/news/2014/05/30/the-wall-street-journal-reports-that-the-fbi-and-sec-have-launched-an-insider-trading-investigation-involving-billionaire-investor-carl-ic.md) _Context: Securities and Exchange Commission_
3. [The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission accuses the state of Illinois of securities fraud by misleading investors about the health of the state's public pension fund. ](/news/2013/03/11/the-u-s-securities-and-exchange-commission-accuses-the-state-of-illinois-of-securities-fraud-by-misleading-investors-about-the-health-of-th.md) _Context: Securities and Exchange Commission_
4. [BP announces it will plead guilty to charges of manslaughter and obstruction of Congress, and will pay a total of US$4.5 billion to the US Department of Justice and Securities and Exchange Commission. ](/news/2012/11/15/bp-announces-it-will-plead-guilty-to-charges-of-manslaughter-and-obstruction-of-congress-and-will-pay-a-total-of-us-4-5-billion-to-the-us-d.md) _Context: Securities and Exchange Commission_
5. [The FBI and U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission launch an investigation into MF Global after $600 million of customers' money went missing. ](/news/2011/11/1/the-fbi-and-u-s-securities-and-exchange-commission-launch-an-investigation-into-mf-global-after-600-million-of-customers-money-went-missi.md) _Context: Securities and Exchange Commission_
6. [In the Mark Cuban insider trading case, an appeals court overturns a district court decision last fall that had dismissed the civil charges brought against Cuban by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. ](/news/2010/09/21/in-the-mark-cuban-insider-trading-case-an-appeals-court-overturns-a-district-court-decision-last-fall-that-had-dismissed-the-civil-charges.md) _Context: Securities and Exchange Commission_
7. [The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission charges Goldman Sachs with defrauding investors. ](/news/2010/04/16/the-u-s-securities-and-exchange-commission-charges-goldman-sachs-with-defrauding-investors.md) _Context: Securities and Exchange Commission_
8. [ The head of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, Mary Schapiro, said in an interview that it should not be necessary for the SEC and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to align all their rules and regulation, although she does expect some harmonization. ](/news/2009/06/19/the-head-of-the-u-s-securities-and-exchange-commission-mary-schapiro-said-in-an-interview-that-it-should-not-be-necessary-for-the-sec-an.md) _Context: Securities and Exchange Commission_
9. [ The United States Federal Bureau of Investigation locates Stanford Financial Group Chairman Allen Stanford in Virginia and serves him with a fraud complaint on behalf of the Securities and Exchange Commission. ](/news/2009/02/19/the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigation-locates-stanford-financial-group-chairman-allen-stanford-in-virginia-and-serves-him-with.md) _Context: Securities and Exchange Commission_
10. [ The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission charges Stanford Financial Group Chairman Allen Stanford with fraud. ](/news/2009/02/17/the-u-s-securities-and-exchange-commission-charges-stanford-financial-group-chairman-allen-stanford-with-fraud.md) _Context: Securities and Exchange Commission_
