### [2013-01-15](/news/2013/01/15/index.md)

# Egyptian human rights lawyer Ahmed al-Gizawi is sentenced to five years imprisonment and 300 lashes in Saudi Arabia. 

An Egyptian human rights lawyer is sentenced to five years in jail and 300 lashes by a court in Saudi Arabia for trafficking drugs.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-21025009)

### Related:

1. [Egypt-Saudi Arabia relations: Saudi Arabia shuts its embassy and consulates in Egypt following protests over an Egyptian human rights lawyer Ahmed al-Gizawi being detained in Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2012/04/28/egyptasaudi-arabia-relations-saudi-arabia-shuts-its-embassy-and-consulates-in-egypt-following-protests-over-an-egyptian-human-rights-lawy.md) _Context: Ahmed al-Gizawi, Egypt, Saudi Arabia_
2. [ Seventeen people are killed and more than 120 are injured, many of them children, in a midnight car bomb attack in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. Suspicions immediately fall on the terrorist movement al-Qaeda. The victims included Saudis as well as Sudanese, Lebanese, and Egyptian residents of the compound, which was less rigorously protected than similar facilities inhabited by westerners. The Venice Commission: (The European Commission for Democracy through Law) criticizes the regime under which men are held in Guantanamo Bay. It concludes that it is wrong to ignore the Geneva Conventions and basic human rights law. British special forces commanders criticise the quality of the intelligence given to them before and during the conflict with Iraq. The UK Secretary of Defence Geoff Hoon is accused of providing misleading figures about the true cost of conflict in Iraq. U.S. troops shoot and kill Mohannad Ghazi al Kaabi, the appointed interim mayor of Sadr City (formerly Saddam City), Baghdad. The incident reportedly occurs from a confrontation following Mohannad's refusal to follow instructions from the on-site security official. The security official was enforcing security procedures stemming from recent car bombing incidents in accordance with standard rules of engagement.](/news/2003/11/9/seventeen-people-are-killed-and-more-than-120-are-injured-many-of-them-children-in-a-midnight-car-bomb-attack-in-riyadh-saudi-arabia-su.md) _Context: Egypt, Human rights, Saudi Arabia_
3. [Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt-bahrain-and-unite.md) _Context: Egypt, Saudi Arabia_
4. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Egypt, Saudi Arabia_
5. [The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab-emirates-and-egypt-towards-qat.md) _Context: Egypt, Saudi Arabia_
6. [An Egyptian court, while not final, reverses the decision by President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi to cede Tiran and Sanafir Island to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2016/06/21/an-egyptian-court-while-not-final-reverses-the-decision-by-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-to-cede-tiran-and-sanafir-island-to-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Egypt, Saudi Arabia_
7. [King of Saudi Arabia Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud announces, during his trip to Cairo, that a bridge crossing the Red Sea will be built, linking Egypt and Saudi Arabia. Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi says the bridge will be named after the Saudi monarch. A Saudi-Egypt Causeway project has been in the works for years. ](/news/2016/04/8/king-of-saudi-arabia-salman-bin-abdulaziz-al-saud-announces-during-his-trip-to-cairo-that-a-bridge-crossing-the-red-sea-will-be-built-lin.md) _Context: Egypt, Saudi Arabia_
8. [Egypt tries 237 activists, who face jail terms of up to three years, arrested for protesting without permits against President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi. Thousands demonstrated this month following the Sisi government's decision to hand over two uninhabited islands in the Straits of Tiran to Saudi Arabia. Human Rights Watch says at least 382 had been arrested. ](/news/2016/04/30/egypt-tries-237-activists-who-face-jail-terms-of-up-to-three-years-arrested-for-protesting-without-permits-against-president-abdel-fattah.md) _Context: Egypt, Saudi Arabia_
9. [Saudi Arabia announces the formation of a 34-member Islamic Military Alliance against terrorism including Egypt, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, Turkey, Malaysia and Pakistan with a joint operations centre based in Riyadh. ](/news/2015/12/15/saudi-arabia-announces-the-formation-of-a-34-member-islamic-military-alliance-against-terrorism-including-egypt-qatar-the-united-arab-emir.md) _Context: Egypt, Saudi Arabia_
10. [A Middle Eastern coalition led by the Saudi Arabian army and Egyptian navy attacks positions in Yemen for the second successive day, resulting in at least ten deaths in Saada Governorate. Saudi Arabia declares that it will enforce a "no-fly zone". ](/news/2015/03/27/a-middle-eastern-coalition-led-by-the-saudi-arabian-army-and-egyptian-navy-attacks-positions-in-yemen-for-the-second-successive-day-resulti.md) _Context: Egypt, Saudi Arabia_
