### [2013-01-15](/news/2013/01/15/index.md)

# Pakistani Supreme Court ordered the arrest of Prime Minister of Pakistan Raja Pervez Ashraf in relation to a bribery case within 24 hours. 

An enigmatic preacher with thousands of followers is demanding the government’s ouster, the top court has ordered the arrest of the prime minister and violence is surging.


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/thousands-rally-2nd-day-pakistani-capital-18216999)
2. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2013/01/16/world/asia/pakistan-high-court-orders-arrest-of-prime-minister.html)
3. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/middle_east/pakistani-high-court-again-orders-the-arrest-of-a-prime-minister/2013/01/15/91da7276-5f0d-11e2-a389-ee565c81c565_story.html)

### Related:

1. [A Pakistani election tribunal comprising judges of the Lahore High Court declares former Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf ineligible for contesting the upcoming general election. ](/news/2013/04/16/a-pakistani-election-tribunal-comprising-judges-of-the-lahore-high-court-declares-former-prime-minister-raja-pervez-ashraf-ineligible-for-co.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Pakistan, Raja Pervez Ashraf_
2. [The Supreme Court of Pakistan orders the Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf to appear before it to explain his alleged failure to comply with orders reopening corruption charges against President Asif Ali Zardari. ](/news/2012/08/8/the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-orders-the-prime-minister-raja-pervez-ashraf-to-appear-before-it-to-explain-his-alleged-failure-to-comply-with.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Pakistan, Raja Pervez Ashraf_
3. [The Prime Minister of Pakistan Raja Pervez Ashraf appears in the Pakistani Supreme Court over his failure to reopen investigations of corruption against President Asif Ali Zardari. ](/news/2012/08/27/the-prime-minister-of-pakistan-raja-pervez-ashraf-appears-in-the-pakistani-supreme-court-over-his-failure-to-reopen-investigations-of-corrup.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Pakistan, Raja Pervez Ashraf_
4. [GT road rally. Former Prime Minister of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif goes home after his disqualification by the Supreme Court in the Panama Papers case. ](/news/2017/08/9/gt-road-rally-former-prime-minister-of-pakistan-nawaz-sharif-goes-home-after-his-disqualification-by-the-supreme-court-in-the-panama-papers.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Pakistan_
5. [Politics of Pakistan. The Prime Minister of Pakistan, Nawaz Sharif resigns after the Supreme Court disqualifies him from holding public office following a verdict that he had been dishonest in not disclosing his employment in the Dubai-based Capital FZE company in his nomination papers. ](/news/2017/07/28/politics-of-pakistan-the-prime-minister-of-pakistan-nawaz-sharif-resigns-after-the-supreme-court-disqualifies-him-from-holding-public-offi.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Pakistan_
6. [Pakistan's opposition interrupts Parliament's scheduled session demanding Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif resign during the investigation of his finances, per Thursday's Supreme Court ruling. ](/news/2017/04/21/pakistan-s-opposition-interrupts-parliament-s-scheduled-session-demanding-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-resign-during-the-investigation-of-his.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Pakistan_
7. [Corruption in Pakistan. Over 1,500 supporters of opposition party Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf are arrested ahead of a planned protest in the capital Islamabad against Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif. ](/news/2016/10/31/corruption-in-pakistan-over-1-500-supporters-of-opposition-party-pakistan-tehreek-e-insaf-are-arrested-ahead-of-a-planned-protest-in-the-ca.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Pakistan_
8. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). Ali Haider Gilani, the son of former Prime Minister of Pakistan Yousaf Raza Gilani, is rescued in a joint operation by U.S. and Afghan forces three years after he was kidnapped by suspected Taliban militants. ](/news/2016/05/10/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-ali-haider-gilani-the-son-of-former-prime-minister-of-pakistan-yousaf-raza-gilani-is-rescued-in-a-joi.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Pakistan_
9. [Panama Papers. Prime Minister of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif bows to opposition demands that he ask Pakistan's chief justice to set up an independent commission to investigate offshore accounts linked to his family. Sharif said he would accept the commission's findings and even resign if called upon. ](/news/2016/04/23/panama-papers-prime-minister-of-pakistan-nawaz-sharif-bows-to-opposition-demands-that-he-ask-pakistan-s-chief-justice-to-set-up-an-independ.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Pakistan_
10. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif-s government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Pakistan_
