### [2013-01-15](/news/2013/01/15/index.md)

# Russia launches three Kosmos series military-purpose satellites using Rokot launch vehicle. 




### Source:

1. [RIA Novosti](http://en.ria.ru/russia/20130115/178795154/Russia_Launches_Three_Military_Satellites.html)

### Related:

1. [U.S. intelligence analysts conclude the Russian plane  was not brought down by surface-to-air missile. An American infrared satellite detected a heat flash at the same time and same place over the Sinai as the plane, but no evidence a missile was involved. Analysts believe it could have been some kind of explosion on the aircraft itself, either a fuel tank or a bomb. U.S. officials do not rule out that ISIL could have been responsible for bringing down the flight. ](/news/2015/11/2/u-s-intelligence-analysts-conclude-the-russian-plane-was-not-brought-down-by-surface-to-air-missile-an-american-infrared-satellite-detect.md) _Context: Russia, released an object into orbit_
2. [The United States Air Force successfully launches an Atlas V 401 rocket carrying a missile defense satellite SBIRS-GEO 2. ](/news/2013/03/19/the-united-states-air-force-successfully-launches-an-atlas-v-401-rocket-carrying-a-missile-defense-satellite-sbirs-geo-2.md) _Context: launches, released an object into orbit_
3. [A Ukrainian-Russian carrier rocket Zenit-3SL carrying a telecommunications satellite Intelsat 27 fails 40 seconds after the lift-off and plunges into the Pacific Ocean shortly during Sea Launch. ](/news/2013/02/1/a-ukrainianarussian-carrier-rocket-zenit-3sl-carrying-a-telecommunications-satellite-intelsat-27-fails-40-seconds-after-the-lift-off-and-p.md) _Context: Russia, launches_
4. [South Korea launches its first civilian rocket called Naro-1 carrying a scientific satellite STSAT-2C amidst tension with North Korea. ](/news/2013/01/30/south-korea-launches-its-first-civilian-rocket-called-naro-1-carrying-a-scientific-satellite-stsat-2c-amidst-tension-with-north-korea.md) _Context: launches, released an object into orbit_
5. [Specialists from Thales Alenia Space carry out some maneuvers to bring the Russian Yamal-402 satellite into its designated orbit after a premature separation from Briz-M, the upper stage of a Proton-M carrier rocket, during the launch on 8 December. ](/news/2012/12/10/specialists-from-thales-alenia-space-carry-out-some-maneuvers-to-bring-the-russian-yamal-402-satellite-into-its-designated-orbit-after-a-pre.md) _Context: Russia, released an object into orbit_
6. [ The blueprint for the Chinese space program, including the first Chinese-built astronomy satellite, a joint unmanned mission to Mars with Russia, and other extensive international cooperation, is released. ](/news/2007/03/12/the-blueprint-for-the-chinese-space-program-including-the-first-chinese-built-astronomy-satellite-a-joint-unmanned-mission-to-mars-with-r.md) _Context: Russia, released an object into orbit_
7. [At least 14 people are killed in Russia's Tatarstan Republic as a bus catches fire after colliding with a truck. ](/news/2017/07/2/at-least-14-people-are-killed-in-russia-s-tatarstan-republic-as-a-bus-catches-fire-after-colliding-with-a-truck.md) _Context: Russia_
8. [A 7.7 magnitude earthquake strikes off Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula,  west of the  Alaskan Aleutian Island of Attu, in the North Pacific Ocean. No immediate reports of  casualties or damage; a tsunami warning was cancelled. ](/news/2017/07/18/a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-off-russia-s-kamchatka-peninsula-west-of-the-alaskan-aleutian-island-of-attu-in-the-north-pacific-oce.md) _Context: Russia_
9. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information-from-tribal-leader.md) _Context: Russia_
10. [James Comey, the former FBI Director who was dismissed by President Donald Trump last month, appears before the United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. Comey says he believes he was fired because of the FBI investigation into the possible collusion between President Trump's campaign team and Russia's interference in the 2016 elections.](/news/2017/06/8/james-comey-the-former-fbi-director-who-was-dismissed-by-president-donald-trump-last-month-appears-before-the-united-states-senate-select.md) _Context: Russia_
