### [2013-01-15](/news/2013/01/15/index.md)

# Syrian civil war:: Aleppo University bombings: 83 people are killed and more than 150 injured in a rocket barrage aimed at Aleppo University, as government forces and rebels continue fighting in the suburbs of Damascus. Both sides accused each other of launching the missiles. 

Syria UN envoy says 82 students killed in Aleppo blastsUNITED NATIONS, Jan 15 (Reuters) - At least 82 students in Syria were killed on Tuesday in two explosions that rocked the university in Aleppo, Syria&#39;s biggest city, Syria&#39;s U.N. envoy told the U.N. Security Council.&quot;A cowardly terrorist act targeted the students of Aleppo University as they sat for their midterm examinations. This act killed 82 students and wounded 162 other students,&quot; Syria&#39;s U.N. ambassador, Bashar Ja&#39;afari, told the council during a debate on counter-terrorism.The cause of the explosions was not clear but the government and opposition activists blamed each other.


### Source:

1. [Antiwar.com](http://news.antiwar.com/2013/01/15/missiles-pound-syrias-aleppo-university-83-killed-over-150-wounded/)
2. [Reuters](http://live.reuters.com/Event/Syria/60946722)
3. [Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/middle-east/15-killed-in-blast-at-Syrias-Aleppo-University-NGO/articleshow/18034328.cms)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: A day after a Russian sponsored ceasefire with a rebel group agreed a halt of fighting in the last opposition enclave in the capital, Syrian government airplanes and artillery strike rebel-held eastern Damascus suburbs and Ghouta with barrel bombs, killing at least five civilians in the towns of Hamouriya and Zalamka with several case of suffocation from rockets filled with chlorine that were fired at the front lines of Jobar and Ain Terma. ](/news/2017/08/19/syrian-civil-war-a-day-after-a-russian-sponsored-ceasefire-with-a-rebel-group-agreed-a-halt-of-fighting-in-the-last-opposition-enclave-in-t.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian Civil War: Three suicide bombers in Damascus kill at least 21 people and wound 12 others. ](/news/2017/07/2/syrian-civil-war-three-suicide-bombers-in-damascus-kill-at-least-21-people-and-wound-12-others.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War: Damascus's governor says the last group of rebels and civilians have left the city's besieged Barzeh district. ](/news/2017/05/29/syrian-civil-war-damascus-s-governor-says-the-last-group-of-rebels-and-civilians-have-left-the-city-s-besieged-barzeh-district.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War: According to Syrian state media, two suicide bombers attack in Damascus, killing at least 31 people. ](/news/2017/03/15/syrian-civil-war-according-to-syrian-state-media-two-suicide-bombers-attack-in-damascus-killing-at-least-31-people.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Tahrir al-Sham, al-Qaeda's branch in Syria, claims responsibility for yesterday's twin bomb attacks in Damascus which left dozens dead. ](/news/2017/03/12/syrian-civil-war-tahrir-al-sham-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-claims-responsibility-for-yesterday-s-twin-bomb-attacks-in-damascus-which-left.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Twin bombings kill at least 40 people, mostly Shia Iraqi pilgrims, and wound over 100 in the Bab al-Saghir area of Damascus. ](/news/2017/03/11/syrian-civil-war-twin-bombings-kill-at-least-40-people-mostly-shia-iraqi-pilgrims-and-wound-over-100-in-the-bab-al-saghir-area-of-damascu.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian Civil War: A report by Amnesty International states that between 5,000 and 13,000 people, most of them civilians, were hanged at the military-run Sednaya Prison near Damascus between September 2011 and December 2015. ](/news/2017/02/7/syrian-civil-war-a-report-by-amnesty-international-states-that-between-5-000-and-13-000-people-most-of-them-civilians-were-hanged-at-the.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War: Siege of Wadi Barada: The Syrian Army recaptures all of the towns and villages in the Barada river valley near Damascus from rebel forces. ](/news/2017/01/29/syrian-civil-war-siege-of-wadi-barada-the-syrian-army-recaptures-all-of-the-towns-and-villages-in-the-barada-river-valley-near-damascus-fr.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian civil war: Several bombings kill at least 40 people in government and Kurdish held territory across Syria, including Tartus, Homs, Al-Hasakah and Damascus. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/09/5/syrian-civil-war-several-bombings-kill-at-least-40-people-in-government-and-kurdish-held-territory-across-syria-including-tartus-homs-al.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian civil war: Following a ceasefire agreement with the government, Syrian rebels begin evacuating the war-torn suburb of Darayya, near Damascus, ending a four-year-long siege by government forces. Under the terms of surrender, the 8,000 civilians who reside in the suburb will be moved to regime-controlled areas while several hundred rebel fighters will be given passage to the Idlib Governorate. ](/news/2016/08/26/syrian-civil-war-following-a-ceasefire-agreement-with-the-government-syrian-rebels-begin-evacuating-the-war-torn-suburb-of-darayya-near-d.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War_
