### [2011-01-5](/news/2011/01/5/index.md)

# Clarence House confirms that Prince William and Catherine Middleton will be married by the Archbishop of Canterbury, Dr Rowan Williams. 




### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/UK-News/Royal-Wedding-Prince-William-And-Kate-Middleton-Reveal-Further-Details-Of-Their-Marriage-Ceremony/Article/201101115880470?lpos=UK_News_First_UK_News_Article_Teaser_Region_0&lid=ARTICLE_15880470_Royal_Wedding%3A_Prince_William_And_Kate_Middleton_Reveal_Further_Details_Of_Their_Marriage_Ceremony)

### Related:

1. [Clarence House confirms that Prince William and Catherine Middleton are to be married at Westminster Abbey on Friday 29 April 2011. ](/news/2010/11/23/clarence-house-confirms-that-prince-william-and-catherine-middleton-are-to-be-married-at-westminster-abbey-on-friday-29-april-2011.md) _Context: 2011 Royal Wedding, Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, Clarence House, Duke of Cambridge_
2. [Clarence House announces the engagement of Prince William and Catherine Middleton, to be married next year. ](/news/2010/11/16/clarence-house-announces-the-engagement-of-prince-william-and-catherine-middleton-to-be-married-next-year.md) _Context: 2011 Royal Wedding, Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, Clarence House, Duke of Cambridge_
3. [Clarence House confirms that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are expecting their second child. ](/news/2014/09/8/clarence-house-confirms-that-the-duke-and-duchess-of-cambridge-are-expecting-their-second-child.md) _Context: Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, Clarence House, Duke of Cambridge_
4. [The wedding of Prince William, Duke of Cambridge and Catherine Middleton takes place in Westminster Abbey; Middleton becomes HRH The Duchess of Cambridge. Police make at least 18 arrests along the wedding route in London. ](/news/2011/04/29/the-wedding-of-prince-william-duke-of-cambridge-and-catherine-middleton-takes-place-in-westminster-abbey-middleton-becomes-hrh-the-duchess.md) _Context: 2011 Royal Wedding, Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, Duke of Cambridge_
5. [It is announced that the daughter of the Duke of Cambridge and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, has been named Charlotte Elizabeth Diana, named after her grandfather, grandmother, and great grandmother. ](/news/2015/05/4/it-is-announced-that-the-daughter-of-the-duke-of-cambridge-and-catherine-duchess-of-cambridge-has-been-named-charlotte-elizabeth-diana-na.md) _Context: Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, Duke of Cambridge_
6. [Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, returns home to cheering crowds after giving birth to her and the Duke's second child, Princess Charlotte of Cambridge, fourth in line to the throne behind her older brother, Prince George of Cambridge, at St Mary's Hospital, London. Many countries send congratulations. ](/news/2015/05/2/catherine-duchess-of-cambridge-returns-home-to-cheering-crowds-after-giving-birth-to-her-and-the-duke-s-second-child-princess-charlotte-o.md) _Context: Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, Duke of Cambridge_
7. [A prosecutor alleges in a London court that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's phones were hacked by the now-defunct "News of the World". ](/news/2013/12/19/a-prosecutor-alleges-in-a-london-court-that-the-duke-and-duchess-of-cambridge-s-phones-were-hacked-by-the-now-defunct-news-of-the-world.md) _Context: Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, Duke of Cambridge_
8. [The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge announce they are expecting their first child. The baby could be third in line to the throne, after Prince Charles and Prince William. The Duchess is admitted to hospital with severe morning sickness. ](/news/2012/12/3/the-duke-and-duchess-of-cambridge-announce-they-are-expecting-their-first-child-the-baby-could-be-third-in-line-to-the-throne-after-prince.md) _Context: Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, Duke of Cambridge_
9. [The current Bishop of Durham Justin Welby is officially named as the next Archbishop of Canterbury, the leader of the Anglican Church. He will succeed the present incumbent, Rowan Williams, who is set to retire in December. ](/news/2012/11/9/the-current-bishop-of-durham-justin-welby-is-officially-named-as-the-next-archbishop-of-canterbury-the-leader-of-the-anglican-church-he-wi.md) _Context: Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams_
10. [Dr. Rowan Williams announces his intention to retire as Archbishop of Canterbury at the end of the year. Having headed the Anglican Church since 2003, he will subsequently take up the role as Master of Magdalene College, Cambridge. ](/news/2012/03/16/dr-rowan-williams-announces-his-intention-to-retire-as-archbishop-of-canterbury-at-the-end-of-the-year-having-headed-the-anglican-church-s.md) _Context: Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams_
