### [2011-01-5](/news/2011/01/5/index.md)

# The 112th United States Congress is convened. Republican Representative John Boehner of Ohio is elected Speaker of the House of Representatives, succeeding Democrat Nancy Pelosi of California. 

Republican John Boehner was elected on Wednesday as speaker of the House of Representatives, replacing Democrat Nancy Pelosi.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE70445T20110105)

### Related:

1. [Speaker of the United States House of Representatives election, October 2015: The U.S. House of Representatives elects Paul Ryan of Wisconsin as the 62nd Speaker of the House replacing John Boehner of Ohio. ](/news/2015/10/29/speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-election-october-2015-the-u-s-house-of-representatives-elects-paul-ryan-of-wisconsi.md) _Context: John Boehner, Ohio, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
2. [The Republican and Democratic party caucuses in the United States House of Representatives hold leadership elections. Nancy Pelosi of the Democrats is elected as Minority Leader when the new House sits in January with John Boehner to become Speaker of the United States House of Representatives. ](/news/2010/11/17/the-republican-and-democratic-party-caucuses-in-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-hold-leadership-elections-nancy-pelosi-of-the-de.md) _Context: John Boehner, Nancy Pelosi, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
3. [G7 foreign ministers meeting: John Kerry, along with the other Group of Seven (G7) foreign ministers, laid wreaths at Japan's Hiroshima Peace Memorial Museum to the victims of the 1945 U.S. nuclear attack. Kerry is the first Secretary of State to visit the memorial. Then-U.S. Speaker of the House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi was previously the highest-ranking U.S. official to visit the memorial, in 2008. The Hiroshima foreign ministers meeting is part of the preparations for the 42nd G7 summit the end of next month at Japan's Kashiko Island, Shima, Mie Prefecture. ](/news/2016/04/11/g7-foreign-ministers-meeting-john-kerry-along-with-the-other-group-of-seven-g7-foreign-ministers-laid-wreaths-at-japan-s-hiroshima-peac.md) _Context: Nancy Pelosi, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
4. [ U.S. House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, who had been the favorite to replace outgoing House Speaker John Boehner, withdraws from the race. ](/news/2015/10/8/u-s-house-majority-leader-kevin-mccarthy-who-had-been-the-favorite-to-replace-outgoing-house-speaker-john-boehner-withdraws-from-the-rac.md) _Context: John Boehner, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
5. [Members of the Republican party in the United States House of Representatives nominate Paul Ryan of Wisconsin to replace John Boehner of Ohio as Speaker of the House. There will be a formal vote Thursday on the House floor. ](/news/2015/10/28/members-of-the-republican-party-in-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-nominate-paul-ryan-of-wisconsin-to-replace-john-boehner-of-ohi.md) _Context: John Boehner, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
6. [Paul Ryan announces that he will run to succeed outgoing Speaker of the United States House of Representatives John Boehner after receiving the support of a significant majority of members of the Republican Party. ](/news/2015/10/22/paul-ryan-announces-that-he-will-run-to-succeed-outgoing-speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-john-boehner-after-receiving.md) _Context: John Boehner, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
7. [John Boehner schedules his resignation from the position of Speaker of the United States House of Representatives and from Congress for the end of October. ](/news/2015/09/25/john-boehner-schedules-his-resignation-from-the-position-of-speaker-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-and-from-congress-for-the.md) _Context: John Boehner, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
8. [The US Congress re-elects John Boehner to his third term as Speaker. ](/news/2015/01/6/the-us-congress-re-elects-john-boehner-to-his-third-term-as-speaker.md) _Context: John Boehner, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
9. [Republican Speaker John Boehner forcibly responds to attacks by previously-supportive conservative groups, due to their opposition to a bipartisan budget. ](/news/2013/12/12/republican-speaker-john-boehner-forcibly-responds-to-attacks-by-previously-supportive-conservative-groups-due-to-their-opposition-to-a-bipa.md) _Context: John Boehner, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
10. [Debt negotiations between President of the United States Barack Obama and Speaker of the House of Representatives John Boehner collapse. ](/news/2011/07/22/debt-negotiations-between-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-and-speaker-of-the-house-of-representatives-john-boehner-collapse.md) _Context: John Boehner, Speaker of the United States House of Representatives_
