### [2011-01-5](/news/2011/01/5/index.md)

# The funeral for murdered Punjab Governor Salmaan Taseer takes place in Lahore, Pakistan. 

Thousands of Pakistanis attend the state funeral of assassinated Punjab governor Salman Taseer amid heightened tensions in Lahore.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-south-asia-12116764)

### Related:

1. [Salmaan Taseer, the Governor of the Pakistani province of Punjab, is assassinated by Malik Mumtaz Hussain Qadri, one of his security guards at Koshar Market, Islamabad. ](/news/2011/01/4/salmaan-taseer-the-governor-of-the-pakistani-province-of-punjab-is-assassinated-by-malik-mumtaz-hussain-qadri-one-of-his-security-guards.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pakistani Punjab governor, Punjab, Salmaan Taseer_
2. [Pakistan detains Hafiz Muhammad Saeed, the suspected mastermind of the 2008 attacks in the  Indian city. Saeed, co-founder of the active terrorist organization Lashkar-e-Taiba, is being held under house arrest in Lahore in Pakistan's Punjab Province. Four other men are also under house arrest in the area. ](/news/2017/01/31/pakistan-detains-hafiz-muhammad-saeed-the-suspected-mastermind-of-the-2008-attacks-in-the-indian-city-saeed-co-founder-of-the-active-ter.md) _Context: Lahore, Pakistan, Punjab_
3. [Shahbaz Taseer, the son of  Pakistani Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer who was murdered in 2011 for criticizing the country's blasphemy laws, is reunited with his family  four-and-a-half years after his kidnapping. Tuesday, Shahbaz was rescued by Pakistani secret service and counter-terrorism operatives    in Kuchlak, Balochistan Province. He had been abducted in Lahore in August 2011, seven months after  his father's murder  by bodyguard Mumtaz Qadri.  Qadri was executed on  February 29, 2016. His death was claimed as the reason for the deadly Taliban suicide bombing in Shabqadar  two days ago. ](/news/2016/03/9/shahbaz-taseer-the-son-of-pakistani-punjab-governor-salmaan-taseer-who-was-murdered-in-2011-for-criticizing-the-country-s-blasphemy-laws.md) _Context: Lahore, Pakistani Punjab governor, Salmaan Taseer_
4. [The government of Pakistan warns that it will push to clear the Islamist protests occurring in Islamabad. Protests have broken out in the capital and other cities ever since Mumtaz Qadri was executed last February for his role in killing Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer in 2011 because he opposed Pakistan's blasphemy laws. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-government-of-pakistan-warns-that-it-will-push-to-clear-the-islamist-protests-occurring-in-islamabad-protests-have-broken-out-in-the-ca.md) _Context: Pakistan, Punjab, Salmaan Taseer_
5. [Thousands of protestors rally in front of the Parliament of Pakistan in Islamabad in support of Mumtaz Qadri, the killer of reformist Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer in 2011 who was subsequently executed last February. The Pakistan Army was called in to control the situation. ](/news/2016/03/28/thousands-of-protestors-rally-in-front-of-the-parliament-of-pakistan-in-islamabad-in-support-of-mumtaz-qadri-the-killer-of-reformist-punjab.md) _Context: Pakistan, Punjab, Salmaan Taseer_
6. [Pakistani authorities hang Mumtaz Qadri for his role in the murder of reformist Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer in 2011. ](/news/2016/02/29/pakistani-authorities-hang-mumtaz-qadri-for-his-role-in-the-murder-of-reformist-punjab-governor-salmaan-taseer-in-2011.md) _Context: Pakistan, Punjab, Salmaan Taseer_
7. [Mumtaz Qadri is charged with murdering the Governor of Punjab Salmaan Taseer in a Pakistan court. ](/news/2011/02/14/mumtaz-qadri-is-charged-with-murdering-the-governor-of-punjab-salmaan-taseer-in-a-pakistan-court.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pakistani Punjab governor, Salmaan Taseer_
8. [ Militants launch attacks on police in Lahore, the capital of Punjab province, in Pakistan, killing 31 people after a week of violence in which more than 100 people died. ](/news/2009/10/15/militants-launch-attacks-on-police-in-lahore-the-capital-of-punjab-province-in-pakistan-killing-31-people-after-a-week-of-violence-in-wh.md) _Context: Lahore, Pakistan, Punjab_
9. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Former Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif arrives at Lahore Airport with his family members.date=December 2007 At least 1800 supporters of PML-N are detained in Punjab ahead of Nawaz Sharif's return from exile.date=December 2007 ](/news/2007/11/25/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-p-former-pakistan-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-arrives-at-lahore-airport-with-his-family-members-date-dece.md) _Context: Lahore, Pakistan, Punjab_
10. [ Zilla Huma Usman, minister for social welfare of Punjab province, Pakistan, is assassinated near Lahore by Mohammed Sarwar for not wearing a hijab and campaigning for women's emancipation. ](/news/2007/02/20/zilla-huma-usman-minister-for-social-welfare-of-punjab-province-pakistan-is-assassinated-near-lahore-by-mohammed-sarwar-for-not-wearing.md) _Context: Lahore, Pakistan, Punjab_
