### [2004-11-4](/news/2004/11/4/index.md)

#  President designate of the European Commission Jos Manuel Barroso announces that Franco Frattini from Italy and Andris Piebalgs from Latvia will complete his commission.




### Related:

1. [ United States President George W. Bush meets with French President Nicolas Sarkozy and European Commission President Jos Manuel Barroso to discuss a proposal for a summit of world leaders to discuss the current economic crisis. ](/news/2008/10/18/united-states-president-george-w-bush-meets-with-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-and-european-commission-president-jose-manuel-barroso-to.md) _Context: European Commission, Jos Manuel Barroso_
2. [ EU Justice commissioner Franco Frattini makes an unprecedented call for the suspension of privileges, for any member state found to have hosted a CIA black site. ](/news/2005/11/28/eu-justice-commissioner-franco-frattini-makes-an-unprecedented-call-for-the-suspension-of-privileges-for-any-member-state-found-to-have-ho.md) _Context: European Commission, Franco Frattini_
3. [ The European Commission and its president Jos Manuel Barroso survive the no confidence vote ](/news/2005/06/8/the-european-commission-and-its-president-jose-manuel-barroso-survive-the-no-confidence-vote.md) _Context: European Commission, Jos Manuel Barroso_
4. [ European Parliament lawmakers urge European Commission president Jos Manuel Barroso to suspend Transport Commissioner Jacques Barrot, after it was revealed that Barrot was involved in a party funding scandal in 2000. ](/news/2004/11/22/european-parliament-lawmakers-urge-european-commission-president-jose-manuel-barroso-to-suspend-transport-commissioner-jacques-barrot-afte.md) _Context: European Commission, Jos Manuel Barroso_
5. [ The European Commission of the European Union has announced that ten countries - Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia, and Slovenia - have met its criteria for entry, opening the way for an expansion of the EU from 15 member states to 25. The European Parliament has still to consider each candidate individually and the final decision will require the approval of the current member states.](/news/2002/10/9/the-european-commission-of-the-european-union-has-announced-that-ten-countries-a-cyprus-the-czech-republic-estonia-hungary-latvia-li.md) _Context: European Commission, Latvia_
6. [President of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, holds his annual State of the European Union speech in Strasbourg. ](/news/2017/09/13/president-of-the-european-commission-jean-claude-juncker-holds-his-annual-state-of-the-european-union-speech-in-strasbourg.md) _Context: European Commission_
7. [Polish President Andrzej Duda announces he will veto two judicial reform bills passed by Poland's parliament, which the European Commission said would result in sanctions, and which have generated continuous demonstrations across the country. The ruling Law and Justice Party needs to put together a three-fifths majority to override the veto. ](/news/2017/07/24/polish-president-andrzej-duda-announces-he-will-veto-two-judicial-reform-bills-passed-by-poland-s-parliament-which-the-european-commission.md) _Context: European Commission_
8. [The European Commission imposes a record EUR2.42bn antitrust fine on internet giant Google for allegedly manipulating its search engine results. ](/news/2017/06/27/the-european-commission-imposes-a-record-a-2-42bn-antitrust-fine-on-internet-giant-google-for-allegedly-manipulating-its-search-engine-resu.md) _Context: European Commission_
9. [The closely-watched CEVIPOF poll shows Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen clinging to a narrow lead heading into the first stage of the election, with Le Pen recently becoming embroiled in a spat with the European Commission after refusing to appear on TF1 while there remained a Flag of Europe in the background. ](/news/2017/04/19/the-closely-watched-cevipof-poll-shows-emmanuel-macron-and-marine-le-pen-clinging-to-a-narrow-lead-heading-into-the-first-stage-of-the-elect.md) _Context: European Commission_
10. [The European Commission, based on the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe report, calls on Turkey to launch an investigation into allegations of referendum voting irregularities. ](/news/2017/04/18/the-european-commission-based-on-the-organization-for-security-and-co-operation-in-europe-report-calls-on-turkey-to-launch-an-investigatio.md) _Context: European Commission_
