### [2004-11-4](/news/2004/11/4/index.md)

#  The High Court in the Republic of China rejects a petition by the Kuomintang to nullify the March 2004 presidential election result that saw Chen Shui-bian re-elected president by a margin of 0.2% over Lien Chan. The KMT plans to appeal to the Supreme Court. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/3981259.stm)

### Related:

1. [ ROC Presidential Election 2004: The Kuomintang drops its opposition to holding a referendum on Taiwan independence, a position that has been advocated by President Chen Shui-bian.](/news/2003/11/26/roc-presidential-election-2004-the-kuomintang-drops-its-opposition-to-holding-a-referendum-on-taiwan-independence-a-position-that-has-bee.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian, Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party), Taiwan_
2. [Former president of Taiwan Chen Shui-bian's life sentence is cut to twenty years in prison. ](/news/2010/06/10/former-president-of-taiwan-chen-shui-bian-s-life-sentence-is-cut-to-twenty-years-in-prison.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, Taiwan_
3. [ A judge in Taipei, Taiwan, rules that the former President Chen Shui-bian, should be held in jail while prosecutors seek his conviction on charges of money laundering and corruption. ](/news/2008/11/12/a-judge-in-taipei-taiwan-rules-that-the-former-president-chen-shui-bian-should-be-held-in-jail-while-prosecutors-seek-his-conviction-on.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, Taiwan_
4. [ Taiwan's Premier Chang Chun-hsiung remains in office as President Chen Shui-bian rejects his resignation. ](/news/2008/01/27/taiwan-s-premier-chang-chun-hsiung-remains-in-office-as-president-chen-shui-bian-rejects-his-resignation.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, Taiwan_
5. [ Four state-owned enterprises of the Republic of China (Taiwan)--Chunghwa Post, the Chinese Petroleum Corporation, the China Shipbuilding Corporation, and the Central Bank of China--change their names to remove "China" from their titles at the request of President Chen Shui-bian. The decision is condemned by the Pan-Blue Coalition, the United States and People's Republic of China as a move towards Taiwan independence. ](/news/2007/02/12/four-state-owned-enterprises-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-achunghwa-post-the-chinese-petroleum-corporation-the-china-shipbuilding-c.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, Taiwan_
6. [ The Supreme Court of the Republic of China rejects the opposition's appeal to nullify the results of the 2004 presidential election. Chen Shui-bian won the election by a narrow majority. ](/news/2005/06/17/the-supreme-court-of-the-republic-of-china-rejects-the-opposition-s-appeal-to-nullify-the-results-of-the-2004-presidential-election-chen-s.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian, Taiwan_
7. [ The PRC objects to former US President Bill Clinton's plan to visit Taiwan and meet with the ROC President Chen Shui-bian. ](/news/2005/02/24/the-prc-objects-to-former-us-president-bill-clinton-s-plan-to-visit-taiwan-and-meet-with-the-roc-president-chen-shui-bian.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, Taiwan_
8. [ In the Republic of China/Taiwan, President Chen Shui-bian names fellow Democratic Progressive Party member Frank Hsieh, as the new premier. He calls for a reconciliation with the political opposition, which maintained its legislative majority in last month's elections. ](/news/2005/01/25/in-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-president-chen-shui-bian-names-fellow-democratic-progressive-party-member-frank-hsieh-as-the-new-premier.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, Taiwan_
9. [ The People's Republic of China rejects an offer by Taiwanese President Chen Shui-bian to begin a peace dialogue, deriding the offer as "meaningless", and accusing Chen of making "an open and audacious expression of Taiwan independence" by explicitly stating that the "Republic of China is Taiwan and Taiwan is the Republic of China". ](/news/2004/10/13/the-people-s-republic-of-china-rejects-an-offer-by-taiwanese-president-chen-shui-bian-to-begin-a-peace-dialogue-deriding-the-offer-as-mea.md) _Context: Chen Shui-bian, President, Taiwan_
10. [ Chen Shui-bian is sworn into a second term as President of the Republic of China in Taipei, while the High Court has yet to rule on a recount of the presidential election that concluded two days before. About 400 dignitaries, including 15 foreign heads of state, attend. ](/news/2004/05/20/chen-shui-bian-is-sworn-into-a-second-term-as-president-of-the-republic-of-china-in-taipei-while-the-high-court-has-yet-to-rule-on-a-recou.md) _Context: 2004 presidential election, Chen Shui-bian, President_
