### [2009-05-21](/news/2009/05/21/index.md)

#  Egyptian businessman Hisham Talaat Moustafa is convicted of murdering Lebanese pop singer Suzanne Tamim. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2009/WORLD/meast/05/21/lebanon.singer.murder.verdict/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Hisham Talaat Moustafa, an Egyptian millionaire who had been sentenced to death in 2009 for inciting the murder of pop star Suzanne Tamim, is sentenced to 15 years' imprisonment in a retrial. ](/news/2010/09/28/hisham-talaat-moustafa-an-egyptian-millionaire-who-had-been-sentenced-to-death-in-2009-for-inciting-the-murder-of-pop-star-suzanne-tamim-i.md) _Context: Egypt, Hisham Talaat Moustafa, Suzanne Tamim_
2. [A Cairo court orders the retrial of Hisham Talaat Moustafa and Muhsin Sukkari who were sentenced to death for killing Lebanese singer Suzanne Tamim in Dubai in 2008. ](/news/2010/03/4/a-cairo-court-orders-the-retrial-of-hisham-talaat-moustafa-and-muhsin-sukkari-who-were-sentenced-to-death-for-killing-lebanese-singer-suzann.md) _Context: Hisham Talaat Moustafa, Lebanon, Suzanne Tamim_
3. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Egypt, Lebanon_
4. [Lebanese Customs seize five tonnes of Captagon amphetamine pills and Hashish, concealed in primary school desks that were to be shipped to Egypt, at Beirut-Rafic Hariri International Airport. Meanwhile, security forces in northern Lebanon found two workshops producing Captagon and other drugs during a series of raids. The drug is infamous as being used by Islamist militants in the Syrian civil war. ](/news/2015/12/29/lebanese-customs-seize-five-tonnes-of-captagon-amphetamine-pills-and-hashish-concealed-in-primary-school-desks-that-were-to-be-shipped-to-e.md) _Context: Egypt, Lebanon_
5. [Kuwaiti authorities announce they arrested six members of an extremist network suspected of supplying funds and weapons, including rockets, to Daesh (Islamic State) militants. Four others are still being sought outside of the country. The group includes a Lebanese, an Egyptian, five Syrians, two Australians, and a Kuwaiti national. ](/news/2015/11/19/kuwaiti-authorities-announce-they-arrested-six-members-of-an-extremist-network-suspected-of-supplying-funds-and-weapons-including-rockets.md) _Context: Egypt, Lebanon_
6. [A massive sandstorm hits Lebanon and Syria as well as Jordan, Israel and Egypt. The Lebanese Health Ministry said the storm caused the deaths of two women, and sent hundreds to hospitals with breathing difficulties. Particularly hard hit were the 1.1 million Syrian refugees in Lebanon, many in flimsy tents in informal campsites. ](/news/2015/09/8/a-massive-sandstorm-hits-lebanon-and-syria-as-well-as-jordan-israel-and-egypt-the-lebanese-health-ministry-said-the-storm-caused-the-death.md) _Context: Egypt, Lebanon_
7. [A group of more than 30 journalists from such countries as Turkey, Spain, Germany, Lebanon, Egypt, the United Kingdom and the United States announces it is to take legal action against Israel for equipment lost and money stolen due to the Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2010/07/14/a-group-of-more-than-30-journalists-from-such-countries-as-turkey-spain-germany-lebanon-egypt-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states.md) _Context: Egypt, Lebanon_
8. [ 26 men accused of plotting attacks on tourist resorts and ships in the Suez Canal on behalf of Lebanon's Hezbollah group go on trial in an Egyptian security court. ](/news/2009/08/23/26-men-accused-of-plotting-attacks-on-tourist-resorts-and-ships-in-the-suez-canal-on-behalf-of-lebanon-s-hezbollah-group-go-on-trial-in-an.md) _Context: Egypt, Lebanon_
9. [ Convicted murderer Annika Ostberg is transferred to Sweden from California's Institution for Women. ](/news/2009/04/6/convicted-murderer-annika-astberg-is-transferred-to-sweden-from-california-s-institution-for-women.md) _Context: convicted, murder_
10. [ Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo pardons the 10 remaining convicted murderers involved in the assassination of politician Benigno Aquino, Jr. ](/news/2009/03/5/philippine-president-gloria-macapagal-arroyo-pardons-the-10-remaining-convicted-murderers-involved-in-the-assassination-of-politician-benig.md) _Context: convicted, murder_
