### [2009-05-21](/news/2009/05/21/index.md)

#  Four men are arrested for planning to bomb two synagogues and destroy military aircraft in New York, United States. 




### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/World-News/New-York-Synagogue-Bomb-Plot-Four-Men-Arrested-By-FBI-Over-Alleged-Plant-Bomb-And-Shoot-Planes/Article/200905315285752?lpos=World_News_Top_Stories_Header_1&lid=ARTICLE_15285752_New_York_Synagogue_Bomb_Plot%3A_Four_Men_Arrested_By_FBI_Over_Alleged_Plant_Bomb_And_Shoot_Planes)

### Related:

1. [LGBT rights in the United States: A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/lgbt-rights-in-the-united-states-a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminato.md) _Context: New York City, United States_
2. [2016 Chester, Pennsylvania train derailment: Two people are killed and 35 injured when a United States Amtrak passenger train on the Palmetto route traveling from New York City to Savannah, Georgia, with 341 passengers and seven crew on board, derails in Chester, Pennsylvania, after striking a backhoe that was on the track. Local media reports the deceased are veteran Amtrak workers. Area hospitals are treating the injured; none in life-threatening condition. ](/news/2016/04/3/2016-chester-pennsylvania-train-derailment-two-people-are-killed-and-35-injured-when-a-united-states-amtrak-passenger-train-on-the-palmett.md) _Context: New York City, United States_
3. [A group of mayors and officials from American cities such as Philadelphia and New York City say that if they had their way Donald Trump would be banned from their cities for his comments on Muslims. ](/news/2015/12/9/a-group-of-mayors-and-officials-from-american-cities-such-as-philadelphia-and-new-york-city-say-that-if-they-had-their-way-donald-trump-woul.md) _Context: New York City, United States_
4. [United States federal prosecutors in New York City arrest Martin Shkreli on securities fraud charges for allegedly plundering for personal gain Retrophin, a biopharmaceutical company he ran as CEO from 2012 to 2014. ](/news/2015/12/17/united-states-federal-prosecutors-in-new-york-city-arrest-martin-shkreli-on-securities-fraud-charges-for-allegedly-plundering-for-personal-g.md) _Context: New York City, United States_
5. [Kogalymavia Flight 9268: U.S. intelligence analysts conclude the Russian plane was not brought down by surface-to-air missile. An American infrared satellite detected a heat flash at the same time and same place over the Sinai as the plane, but no evidence a missile was involved. Analysts believe it could have been some kind of explosion on the aircraft itself, either a fuel tank or a bomb. U.S. officials do not rule out that ISIL could have been responsible for bringing down the flight. ](/news/2015/11/2/kogalymavia-flight-9268-u-s-intelligence-analysts-conclude-the-russian-plane-was-not-brought-down-by-surface-to-air-missile-an-american-i.md) _Context: United States, bomb_
6. [Two nephews of Venezuelan First Lady Cilia Flores, who were arrested in Haiti by U.S. authorities on Tuesday, are indicted in New York for conspiring to smuggle cocaine into the United States. ](/news/2015/11/12/two-nephews-of-venezuelan-first-lady-cilia-flores-who-were-arrested-in-haiti-by-u-s-authorities-on-tuesday-are-indicted-in-new-york-for-c.md) _Context: New York City, United States_
7. [Syrian Civil War: The United States and Russia sign an agreement designed to avoid conflict between both countries' warplanes in Syria. The Pentagon said the agreement will remain secret; a hotline will enable both countries to directly communicate. ](/news/2015/10/20/syrian-civil-war-the-united-states-and-russia-sign-an-agreement-designed-to-avoid-conflict-between-both-countries-warplanes-in-syria-the.md) _Context: United States, warplanes_
8. [At a court in New York City, a US District Judge sentences the radical imam Abu Hamza al-Masri to a life sentence for terrorism offences in the United States. ](/news/2015/01/9/at-a-court-in-new-york-city-a-us-district-judge-sentences-the-radical-imam-abu-hamza-al-masri-to-a-life-sentence-for-terrorism-offences-in.md) _Context: New York City, United States_
9. [1998 United States embassy bombings: Abu Anas al-Libi, a one-time associate of Osama bin Laden, dies in New York, United States, while awaiting trial for allegedly plotting the bombings of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania. ](/news/2015/01/2/1998-united-states-embassy-bombings-abu-anas-al-libi-a-one-time-associate-of-osama-bin-laden-dies-in-new-york-united-states-while-await.md) _Context: New York City, United States_
10. [Ebola virus cases in the United States: Dr. Craig Spencer, a Doctors Without Borders volunteer, was declared free of the Ebola virus and released from a New York City hospital. His was the last Ebola case being treated in the United States. ](/news/2014/11/11/ebola-virus-cases-in-the-united-states-dr-craig-spencer-a-doctors-without-borders-volunteer-was-declared-free-of-the-ebola-virus-and-rel.md) _Context: New York City, United States_
