### [2009-05-21](/news/2009/05/21/index.md)

#  Israel evicts Jewish settlers from a hilltop in the West Bank. 

Israeli police evicted Jewish settlers from a West Bank hilltop on Thursday, a day after Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu returned from Washington, where he was urged to take just such action.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/worldNews/idUSLL8416120090521)

### Related:

1. [Israel approves the construction of 2,500 more new settlement homes in the West Bank, the most in years and the second time new homes were approved since Donald Trump was inaugurated as President of the United States. ](/news/2017/01/24/israel-approves-the-construction-of-2-500-more-new-settlement-homes-in-the-west-bank-the-most-in-years-and-the-second-time-new-homes-were-a.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli settlement, West Bank_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Israel cancels proposed plans to build new settlements in the West Bank after US and Palestinian opposition. ](/news/2013/11/13/israeli-palestinian-conflict-pisrael-cancels-proposed-plans-to-build-new-settlements-in-the-west-bank-after-us-and-palestinian-opposition.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli settlement, West Bank_
3. [More than 150 Israeli academics say they will no longer lecture or work in Jewish settlements in the West Bank. ](/news/2010/09/1/more-than-150-israeli-academics-say-they-will-no-longer-lecture-or-work-in-jewish-settlements-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli settlement, West Bank_
4. [The body of a Palestinian teenager said to have been shot dead by Jewish settlers is found. He is the first to die since Israel and the Palestinian National Authority began indirect peace talks on Saturday. In a retaliation shooting, the Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades claims responsibility for firing on a car of Jewish civilians in the West Bank. ](/news/2010/05/14/the-body-of-a-palestinian-teenager-said-to-have-been-shot-dead-by-jewish-settlers-is-found-he-is-the-first-to-die-since-israel-and-the-pale.md) _Context: Israel, Jew, West Bank_
5. [ Thousands of Jewish settlers stage a protest at the curbs on settlement building in the West Bank. ](/news/2009/12/9/thousands-of-jewish-settlers-stage-a-protest-at-the-curbs-on-settlement-building-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli settlement, West Bank_
6. [ United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton reaffirms President Barack Obama's demand that Israel halt settlement in the West Bank. ](/news/2009/05/28/united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-reaffirms-president-barack-obama-s-demand-that-israel-halt-settlement-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli settlement, West Bank_
7. [ Israel seizes 425 acres of Palestinian Authority state land in the West Bank for a Jewish settlement. ](/news/2009/02/20/israel-seizes-425-acres-of-palestinian-authority-state-land-in-the-west-bank-for-a-jewish-settlement.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli settlement, West Bank_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220914.stm (BBC)] [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/621804.html (Haaretz)] The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220300.stm (BBC)], [http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)] The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the "internal conflict" at the Likud party. ([http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli settlement, West Bank_
9. [ Israel orders Israeli settlers on the Gaza Strip to leave their settlements or face eviction. ](/news/2005/08/9/israel-orders-israeli-settlers-on-the-gaza-strip-to-leave-their-settlements-or-face-eviction.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli settlement, evict_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: The Ministry of Housing in Israel has issued tenders for the construction of a further 72 houses in an Israeli settlement of Betar Illit, near Bethlehem, on the West Bank. ](/news/2005/08/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-the-ministry-of-housing-in-israel-has-issued-tenders-for-the-construction-of-a-further-72-houses-in-an-israe.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli settlement, West Bank_
