### [2009-02-11](/news/2009/02/11/index.md)

#  Economy of the United States: The budget deficit reached US$84 billion in January 2009, due to the financial crisis. 

U.S. congressional negotiators on Wednesday reached a deal on $789 billion in emergency spending and tax cuts, handing a big victory to President Barack Obama in his effort to pull the economy out of a steep tailspin.


### Source:

1. [Market Watch](http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story/US-Jan-budget-deficit-840/story.aspx?guid={66E74623-DEBF-4E6C-A12D-944D8134F66A})
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idUSTRE51A61L20090211)

### Related:

1. [ The United States Congressional Budget Office estimates that the federal government will run a record $1.2 trillion budget deficit in fiscal year 2009, that the current recession will last well into this year, and that the enactment of an economic-stimulus plan would increase that deficit. ](/news/2009/01/7/the-united-states-congressional-budget-office-estimates-that-the-federal-government-will-run-a-record-1-2-trillion-budget-deficit-in-fisca.md) _Context: 2009, American, US$, deficit_
2. [Robert Kaplan, head of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, says that low bond yields suggest sluggish growth ahead for the economy of the United States. ](/news/2017/06/20/robert-kaplan-head-of-the-federal-reserve-bank-of-dallas-says-that-low-bond-yields-suggest-sluggish-growth-ahead-for-the-economy-of-the-un.md) _Context: American, Economy of the United States_
3. [An Austrian court grants a United States request to extradite Ukrainian businessman Dmytro Firtash. U.S. officials accuse Firtash of being involved in a scandal where he allegedly paid US$18.5 million in bribes for a permit to mine titanium in India, something Firtash denies. ](/news/2017/02/21/an-austrian-court-grants-a-united-states-request-to-extradite-ukrainian-businessman-dmytro-firtash-u-s-officials-accuse-firtash-of-being-i.md) _Context: American, US$_
4. [Volkswagen agrees to pay $175 million to United States lawyers suing the German automaker on behalf of the owners of 475,000 polluting vehicles. ](/news/2016/10/14/volkswagen-agrees-to-pay-175-million-to-united-states-lawyers-suing-the-german-automaker-on-behalf-of-the-owners-of-475-000-polluting-vehic.md) _Context: American, US$_
5. [Rite Aid, one of the largest chains of pharmacies in the United States, announces that it is purchasing EnvisionRx, a pharmacy benefits manager, from TPG Capital, for $2 billion. ](/news/2015/02/11/rite-aid-one-of-the-largest-chains-of-pharmacies-in-the-united-states-announces-that-it-is-purchasing-envisionrx-a-pharmacy-benefits-mana.md) _Context: American, US$_
6. [The United States fines the Indian pharmaceutical company Ranbaxy Laboratories US$500 million after they are found guilty of selling adulterated drugs to the United States. ](/news/2013/05/14/the-united-states-fines-the-indian-pharmaceutical-company-ranbaxy-laboratories-us-500-million-after-they-are-found-guilty-of-selling-adulter.md) _Context: American, US$_
7. [Revised data indicates that the United States economy grew 0.1% in the fourth quarter of 2012. ](/news/2013/02/28/revised-data-indicates-that-the-united-states-economy-grew-0-1-in-the-fourth-quarter-of-2012.md) _Context: American, Economy of the United States_
8. [For $8.5 billion, ten banks settle to stop mortgage foreclosure process audits. The United States government regulators had been engaged in a loan-by-loan review of home loan practices during the Great Recession. Bank of America, Citigroup Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo & Co, MetLife Bank, Aurora Bank FSB, PNC Financial Services Group Inc, Sovereign Bank NA, SunTrust Banks Inc, and U.S. Bancorp settle with regulators to pay out cash up to $125,000 to homeowners whose homes were being foreclosed when the paperwork problems emerged. Further, Bank of America agrees to pay $11.6 billion to government mortgage finance company Fannie Mae. ](/news/2013/01/7/for-8-5-billion-ten-banks-settle-to-stop-mortgage-foreclosure-process-audits-the-united-states-government-regulators-had-been-engaged-in.md) _Context: American, US$_
9. [The People's Republic of China's only ratings house that grades sovereign entities, the Dagong Global Credit Rating Company, states that the United States is already defaulting on its debt by allowing the U.S. dollar to devalue against other currencies, diminishing the wealth of China as a U.S. creditor. ](/news/2011/06/10/the-people-s-republic-of-china-s-only-ratings-house-that-grades-sovereign-entities-the-dagong-global-credit-rating-company-states-that-the.md) _Context: American, US$_
10. [A United States bankruptcy judge orders Bank of America to return $500 million it seized from the bank accounts of the defunct Lehman Brothers trading firm a few weeks before Lehman declared bankruptcy in 2008. ](/news/2010/11/17/a-united-states-bankruptcy-judge-orders-bank-of-america-to-return-500-million-it-seized-from-the-bank-accounts-of-the-defunct-lehman-brothe.md) _Context: American, US$_
