### [2009-02-11](/news/2009/02/11/index.md)

#  Palestinian militants launch four mortar shells and one Qassam rocket from the Gaza Strip into Israel. 




### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://haaretz.com/hasen/spages/1063392.html)

### Related:

1. [ The Israel Defense Forces bomb the Gaza Strip in response to Palestinian rocket and mortar fire. ](/news/2009/02/2/the-israel-defense-forces-bomb-the-gaza-strip-in-response-to-palestinian-rocket-and-mortar-fire.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Mortar, Palestinian, negotiate_
2. [ Palestinian militants in the Gaza Strip fire four rockets and sixteen mortar shells into Israel's Negev region. ](/news/2009/02/1/palestinian-militants-in-the-gaza-strip-fire-four-rockets-and-sixteen-mortar-shells-into-israel-s-negev-region.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Mortar, Palestinian, militant_
3. [ Palestinian militants fire two rockets from the Gaza Strip into Israel. ](/news/2009/02/8/palestinian-militants-fire-two-rockets-from-the-gaza-strip-into-israel.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Palestinian, militant_
4. [ The Israeli Air Force attacks the Gaza Strip after Palestinian militants fire two rockets into the country. ](/news/2009/02/7/the-israeli-air-force-attacks-the-gaza-strip-after-palestinian-militants-fire-two-rockets-into-the-country.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Palestinian, militant_
5. [ Two Qassam rockets fired out of the Gaza Strip by Palestinian militants landed near the southern Israeli town of Sderot. [http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3133122,00.html (YNETnews)],[http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1124938373544 (The Jerusalem Post)] Two mortar rockets were fired from Lebanon towards Israel, one of which struck a chicken coop in the Northern Galilee Moshav of Margaliot, while the other landed in Lebanese territory. Nobody was reported injured. [http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3133122,00.html (YNETnews)],[http://www.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1124938373544 (The Jerusalem Post)] Later reports suggest that for the first time, Hizb Allah test-fires an Iranian medium-range rocket near the Lebanese border with Israel. One of the three 240 mm Fajr-3 rockets, launched about six kilometers north of the border, landed in Israel and the other two fell inside Lebanon. ([http://menewsline.com/stories/2005/august/08_29_1.html MENL])](/news/2005/08/25/two-qassam-rockets-fired-out-of-the-gaza-strip-by-palestinian-militants-landed-near-the-southern-israeli-town-of-sderot-http-www-ynetne.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Mortar, Qassam rocket_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli troops kill one Palestinian militant as three to four Hamas, Popular Resistance Committees, and Al Aqsa Martyrs Brigade militants fire mortar shells and anti-tank missiles on Israelis living in the Kfar Darom settlement in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/05/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-troops-kill-one-palestinian-militant-as-three-to-four-hamas-popular-resistance-committees-and-al-aq.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Mortar, Palestinian_
7. [ Israeli troops kill Rania Siam, an 8-year-old Palestinian girl, as she eats lunch in the kitchen of her home in Khan Yunis, Gaza Strip. Earlier, three mortar shells are fired into the nearby Israeli settlement of Neve Dekalim injuring four people, one of them a child. Hamas claims responsibility. Israeli troops fire in the general direction the source of mortar fire. The Israeli army says it will investigate Rania Siam's death. ](/news/2004/12/10/israeli-troops-kill-rania-siam-an-8-year-old-palestinian-girl-as-she-eats-lunch-in-the-kitchen-of-her-home-in-khan-yunis-gaza-strip-ear.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Mortar, Palestinian_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Two Palestinian children are killed by an explosion in the refugee camp of Khan Yonis in the Gaza Strip. Hospital officials say it was from a tank shell that hit a house. Israeli spokesmen said there had been no army fire in the area. They believe it was either caused when a Palestinian mortar misfired or by the detonation of a roadside bomb. ](/news/2004/11/5/israeli-palestinian-conflict-two-palestinian-children-are-killed-by-an-explosion-in-the-refugee-camp-of-khan-yonis-in-the-gaza-strip-hosp.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Mortar, Palestinian_
9. [Israel revokes permits for 500 Palestinians from the Gaza Strip to enter Jerusalem for Friday prayers following a rocket attack on southern Israel. ](/news/2015/06/24/israel-revokes-permits-for-500-palestinians-from-the-gaza-strip-to-enter-jerusalem-for-friday-prayers-following-a-rocket-attack-on-southern.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Palestinian_
10. [Palestinian militants fire rockets from the Gaza Strip into Israel severely injuring an elder. Israel launches a missile strike in return, killing two Palestinians. ](/news/2012/06/23/palestinian-militants-fire-rockets-from-the-gaza-strip-into-israel-severely-injuring-an-elder-israel-launches-a-missile-strike-in-return-k.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Palestinian_
