### [2009-02-11](/news/2009/02/11/index.md)

#  The United Kingdom's Conservative Party admits to altering the Italian painter Titian's Wikipedia entry following a confrontation with Prime Minister Gordon Brown. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/politics/7884121.stm)

### Related:

1. [ The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown launches the International Health Partnership consisting of the World Health Organisation, the World Bank, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation as well as the governments of the United Kingdom, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway and Portugal. ](/news/2007/09/5/the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-gordon-brown-launches-the-international-health-partnership-consisting-of-the-world-health-organisa.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Italy, Prime Minster, United Kingdom_
2. [A report about the United Kingdom's involvement in the Iraq War is released. The chairman of the inquiry, Sir John Chilcot, said that the invasion was not a "last resort" and was based on "flawed intelligence and assessments". The inquiry was announced on 15 June 2009 by then-Prime Minister Gordon Brown.  The final hearing was held on 2 February 2011. ](/news/2016/07/6/a-report-about-the-united-kingdom-s-involvement-in-the-iraq-war-is-released-the-chairman-of-the-inquiry-sir-john-chilcot-said-that-the-in.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minster, United Kingdom_
3. [The process to elect a new leader of the Conservative Party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron begins in the United Kingdom. The Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb is the first Conservative Party politician to announce his official candidacy for leader. ](/news/2016/06/29/the-process-to-elect-a-new-leader-of-the-conservative-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-david-cameron-begins-in-the-united-kingdom-t.md) _Context: Conservative, Prime Minster, United Kingdom_
4. [British Prime Minister David Cameron says he will "win people back" after his party, the Conservatives came third in the Eastleigh by-election behind the Liberal Democrats and UK Independence Party. ](/news/2013/03/1/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-says-he-will-win-people-back-after-his-party-the-conservatives-came-third-in-the-eastleigh-by-electi.md) _Context: Conservative, Prime Minster, United Kingdom_
5. [The British House of Commons votes to reject a proposed referendum on Britain's membership of the European Union, with 483 MPs voting against the proposal and 111 voting in favour. Among those who supported the proposal were 81 Conservative Party members, who rebelled against the anti-referendum stance of Prime Minister David Cameron, the leader of the Conservative Party. ](/news/2011/10/24/the-british-house-of-commons-votes-to-reject-a-proposed-referendum-on-britain-s-membership-of-the-european-union-with-483-mps-voting-agains.md) _Context: Conservative, Prime Minster, United Kingdom_
6. [The Conservative Party's David Cameron kisses the hands of Queen Elizabeth II to become Prime Minister of the United Kingdom after Gordon Brown resigns as Prime Minister and as Leader of the British Labour Party. ](/news/2010/05/11/the-conservative-party-s-david-cameron-kisses-the-hands-of-queen-elizabeth-ii-to-become-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-after-gordon-br.md) _Context: Conservative, Gordon Brown, Prime Minster_
7. [ Floods in Great Britain and Ireland: British Prime Minister Gordon Brown travels to Cumbria to meet victims of the floods that have affected the area. ](/news/2009/11/21/floods-in-great-britain-and-ireland-p-british-prime-minister-gordon-brown-travels-to-cumbria-to-meet-victims-of-the-floods-that-have-affect.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minster, United Kingdom_
8. [ Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown denies rumours concerning his health as the British Labour Party gathers for its conference in Brighton, expressing his amazement with Andrew Marr of the BBC for questioning him live on television. ](/news/2009/09/27/prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-gordon-brown-denies-rumours-concerning-his-health-as-the-british-labour-party-gathers-for-its-conferen.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minster, United Kingdom_
9. [ British Prime Minister Gordon Brown apologises for the post-war treatment of celebrated WWII code-breaker Alan Turing, who was chemically castrated for having homosexual relations. ](/news/2009/09/10/british-prime-minister-gordon-brown-apologises-for-the-post-war-treatment-of-celebrated-wwii-code-breaker-alan-turing-who-was-chemically-c.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minster, United Kingdom_
10. [ Former United Kingdom Cabinet Ministers Hazel Blears, James Purnell, John Hutton, and Caroline Flint coordinated their resignations to compel Prime Minister Gordon Brown to also resign. ](/news/2009/06/7/former-united-kingdom-cabinet-ministers-hazel-blears-james-purnell-john-hutton-and-caroline-flint-coordinated-their-resignations-to-comp.md) _Context: Gordon Brown, Prime Minster, United Kingdom_
