### [2009-02-11](/news/2009/02/11/index.md)

#  U.S. Democrat John Dingell of Michigan becomes the House of Representatives' longest-serving member. 

Michigan Democrat John Dingell today becomes the longest-serving member of the House in history.


### Source:

1. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/blogs/politicaljunkie/2009/02/john_dingell_longest_serving_h.html)

### Related:

1. [ Mary Jo Kilroy wins the final outstanding United States House of Representatives seat in the 2008 general elections by capturing the 15th congressional district of Ohio. This translates to an overall gain of 21 seats for the Democratic Party in the House. ](/news/2008/12/7/mary-jo-kilroy-wins-the-final-outstanding-united-states-house-of-representatives-seat-in-the-2008-general-elections-by-capturing-the-15th-c.md) _Context: D, United States, United States House of Representatives_
2. [ Iraq War: A report by the U.S. Defense Department's inspector general has found the The Pentagon "purposely manipulated" pre-war intelligence. Senator Carl Levin, D-MI, as chair of the Senate Armed Services Committee has called the report "very damning" and said of its results, "highly disturbing". ](/news/2007/02/9/iraq-war-a-report-by-the-u-s-defense-department-s-inspector-general-has-found-the-the-pentagon-purposely-manipulated-pre-war-intelligen.md) _Context: D, Michigan, United States_
3. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: D, United States House of Representatives_
4. [Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia.  ](/news/2017/04/18/democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u-s-house-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-now-health-and-human-serv.md) _Context: D, United States House of Representatives_
5. [At least three people die, including the shooter, in a shooting at the Berrien County courthouse in the U.S. state of Michigan. ](/news/2016/07/11/at-least-three-people-die-including-the-shooter-in-a-shooting-at-the-berrien-county-courthouse-in-the-u-s-state-of-michigan.md) _Context: Michigan, United States_
6. [A prosecutor in Michigan, United States, is considering whether the words of an African grey parrot could be used to try the woman accused of killing the pet parrot's owner. ](/news/2016/06/29/a-prosecutor-in-michigan-united-states-is-considering-whether-the-words-of-an-african-grey-parrot-could-be-used-to-try-the-woman-accused-o.md) _Context: Michigan, United States_
7. [Georgia Representative John Lewis leads about 40 U.S. House of Representatives Democrats in a sit-in after the U.S. Senate failed to approve any of four gun control measures Monday night. ](/news/2016/06/22/georgia-representative-john-lewis-leads-about-40-u-s-house-of-representatives-democrats-in-a-sit-in-after-the-u-s-senate-failed-to-approve.md) _Context: D, United States House of Representatives_
8. [Voters in the U.S. state of Wisconsin go to the polls for a primary election with Ted Cruz winning the Republican Party contest and Bernie Sanders winning the Democratic Party primary. ](/news/2016/04/5/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-wisconsin-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-ted-cruz-winning-the-republican-party-contest-and-bernie-s.md) _Context: D, United States_
9. [Voters in the U.S. states of Mississippi, Michigan, Hawaii and Idaho vote in primary elections and caucuses. ](/news/2016/03/8/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-mississippi-michigan-hawaii-and-idaho-vote-in-primary-elections-and-caucuses.md) _Context: Michigan, United States_
10. [ The U.S. Supreme Court rules that a lawsuit challenging Maryland's congressional redistricting plan following the 2010 Census on grounds of unconstitutional gerrymandering may proceed. The suit, which alleges that congressional district boundaries were changed to make it easier for Democrats to win in seven of the state's eight districts, had been rejected by both district and circuit courts due to lack of standing. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-a-lawsuit-challenging-maryland-s-congressional-redistricting-plan-following-the-2010-census-on-grounds-of.md) _Context: D, United States House of Representatives_
