
Formats: [HTML](/news/2015/09/22/pope-francis-arrives-in-the-u-s-from-his-last-stop-in-cuba-santiago-de-cuba-at-joint-base-andrews-formerly-andrews-air-force-base-nea.html)  [JSON](/news/2015/09/22/pope-francis-arrives-in-the-u-s-from-his-last-stop-in-cuba-santiago-de-cuba-at-joint-base-andrews-formerly-andrews-air-force-base-nea.json)  [XML](/news/2015/09/22/pope-francis-arrives-in-the-u-s-from-his-last-stop-in-cuba-santiago-de-cuba-at-joint-base-andrews-formerly-andrews-air-force-base-nea.xml)  

### [2015-09-22](/news/2015/09/22/index.md)

##### Pope Francis%27 visit to the United States
# Pope Francis arrives in the U.S. from his last stop in Cuba, Santiago de Cuba, at Joint Base Andrews (formerly, Andrews Air Force Base), near Washington D.C., to start his first tour of the United States. He is received by U.S. President Barack Obama, his wife, U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama, Malia and Sasha Obama, Marian Lois Robinson, U.S. Vice President Joseph R. Biden, his wife, U.S. Second Lady Dr. Jill Biden, two Biden granddaughters, the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S. Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano, military and base leaders, and Washington's Cardinal Donald Wuerl. He will be received tomorrow morning in a second arrival ceremony, at the White House, and will meet with the President there. 

Obama greets pontiff as Washington wonders about ‘culture war’ as Francis prepares to address Congress before heading to New York and Philadelphia


### Sources:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/live/2015/sep/22/pope-francis-journeys-to-washington-dc-to-begin-historic-us-visit-live-updates)
1. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/ec0a7112ed204ac17f491f77dcd772467dd5a695/5_184_1637_982/master/1637.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=9e625269014bb4eaf91588a12fa99085)

### Changes:

1. [Pope Francis%27 visit to the United States: Pope Francis arrives in the U.S. from his last stop in Cuba, Santiago de Cuba, at Joint Base Andrews (formerly, Andrews Air Force Base), near Washington D.C., to start his first tour of the United States. He is received by U.S. President Barack Obama, his wife, U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama, Malia and Sasha Obama, Marian Lois Robinson, U.S. Vice President Joseph R. Biden, his wife, U.S. Second Lady Dr. Jill Biden, two Biden granddaughters, the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S. Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano, military and base leaders, and Washington's Cardinal Donald Wuerl. He will be received tomorrow morning in a second arrival ceremony, at the White House, and will meet with the President there. ](/news/2015/09/22/pope-francis-27-visit-to-the-united-states-pope-francis-arrives-in-the-u-s-from-his-last-stop-in-cuba-santiago-de-cuba-at-joint-base-and.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:27 (First version)_
1. [Pope Francis arrives in the U.S. from his last stop in Cuba, Santiago de Cuba, at Joint Base Andrews (formerly, Andrews Air Force Base), near Washington D.C., to start his first tour of the United States. He is received by U.S. President Barack Obama, his wife, U.S. First Lady Michelle Obama, Malia and Sasha Obama, Marian Lois Robinson, U.S. Vice President Joseph R. Biden, his wife, U.S. Second Lady Dr. Jill Biden, two Biden granddaughters, the Apostolic Nuncio to the U.S. Archbishop Carlo Maria Vigano, military and base leaders, and Washington's Cardinal Donald Wuerl. He will be received tomorrow morning in a second arrival ceremony, at the White House, and will meet with the President there. ](/news/2015/09/22/pope-francis-arrives-in-the-u-s-from-his-last-stop-in-cuba-santiago-de-cuba-at-joint-base-andrews-formerly-andrews-air-force-base-nea.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Pope Francis returns to Rome after finishing his trip to Cuba and the United States. ](/news/2015/09/28/pope-francis-returns-to-rome-after-finishing-his-trip-to-cuba-and-the-united-states.md) _Context: Cuba, Pope Francis, Pope Francis%27 visit to the United States, U.S._
2. [The Obama administration in the United States eases travel and other restrictions on Cuba. ](/news/2011/01/14/the-obama-administration-in-the-united-states-eases-travel-and-other-restrictions-on-cuba.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba, U.S._
3. [ Former Cuban President Fidel Castro criticizes United States President Barack Obama for supporting "Israeli genocide" against the Palestinian people. ](/news/2009/01/31/former-cuban-president-fidel-castro-criticizes-united-states-president-barack-obama-for-supporting-israeli-genocide-against-the-palestini.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba, U.S._
4. [A senior European External Action Service official says that the European Union, in order to protect its companies doing business with Iran, could implement "blocking regulations" based on a legal framework set up in 1996 for E.U. trade with Cuba, should the United States pull out of the 2015 nuclear deal and restore its sanctions. ](/news/2018/02/8/a-senior-european-external-action-service-official-says-that-the-european-union-in-order-to-protect-its-companies-doing-business-with-iran.md) _Context: Cuba, U.S._
5. [The Trump administration, through the Department of State and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, expels 15 Cuban diplomats, after pulling half of its own embassy staff from Havana on Sept. 29, due to the alleged failure of Cuba to take appropriate steps to protect American personnel against the mysterious health attacks. ](/news/2017/10/3/the-trump-administration-through-the-department-of-state-and-secretary-of-state-rex-tillerson-expels-15-cuban-diplomats-after-pulling-hal.md) _Context: Cuba, U.S._
