### [2015-09-22](/news/2015/09/22/index.md)

# The haze from Indonesian forest fires worsens leaving Singapore and parts of Indonesia and Malaysia covered in smog. 

[JAKARTA] The haze from Indonesian forest fires intensified Tuesday afternoon, driving the pollution gauge in parts of the country to hazardous levels and blanketing downtown Singapore with a layer of smog. Read more at The Business Times.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg via ''Business Times](http://www.businesstimes.com.sg/government-economy/haze-worsens-as-singapore-parts-of-indonesia-covered-in-smog)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.businesstimes.com.sg/sites/default/files/styles/article_img_retina/public/image/2015/09/22/2191536102888%20-%2019_09_2015%20-%20TWHAZE.jpg?itok=Y-sdYZm4)

### Related:

1. [2013 Southeast Asian haze: Haze from Indonesian forest fires in Sumatra increase air pollution in Singapore and Malaysia to hazardous levels. ](/news/2013/06/20/2013-southeast-asian-haze-haze-from-indonesian-forest-fires-in-sumatra-increase-air-pollution-in-singapore-and-malaysia-to-hazardous-levels.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore, forest fire_
2. [In 2015, more than 100,000 people in Indonesia, Malaysia, and Singapore may have died as a result of forest fires in Southeast Asia. The continued poor air quality also continues to affect the health of more than 42 million Indonesians. ](/news/2016/09/19/in-2015-more-than-100-000-people-in-indonesia-malaysia-and-singapore-may-have-died-as-a-result-of-forest-fires-in-southeast-asia-the-con.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore_
3. [Singapore closes its primary and secondary schools as smoke from the Indonesian fires raises air pollution to hazardous levels. ](/news/2015/09/25/singapore-closes-its-primary-and-secondary-schools-as-smoke-from-the-indonesian-fires-raises-air-pollution-to-hazardous-levels.md) _Context: Indonesia, Singapore, recent incident of hazes in 2015_
4. [Forest fires in Sumatra, Indonesia, cause a thick haze to drift over Singapore. ](/news/2010/10/22/forest-fires-in-sumatra-indonesia-cause-a-thick-haze-to-drift-over-singapore.md) _Context: Indonesia, Singapore, forest fire_
5. [ Two earthquakes measuring 6.4 and 6.3 on the Moment magnitude scale hit Sumatra in Indonesia, with the epicenter near Lake Singkarak. At least 82 fatalities are currently reported. The earthquakes were felt as far as in Malaysia and Singapore. ](/news/2007/03/6/two-earthquakes-measuring-6-4-and-6-3-on-the-moment-magnitude-scale-hit-sumatra-in-indonesia-with-the-epicenter-near-lake-singkarak-at-le.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore_
6. [ Malaysia, Indonesia and Singapore agree to joint anti-piracy patrols in the Malacca Strait. ](/news/2005/08/2/malaysia-indonesia-and-singapore-agree-to-joint-anti-piracy-patrols-in-the-malacca-strait.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore_
7. [ An earthquake of magnitude 9.3, the strongest earthquake in 40 years, strikes in the Indian Ocean off the western coast of Sumatra. While initial reports state that the resulting tsunamis killed approximately 100 people, by the end of the day 250,000 people in coastal areas of Thailand, Sri Lanka, the Maldives, India, Bangladesh, Burma, Indonesia and Malaysia had been reported dead or missing. Tremors are also felt as far as Singapore, eastern countries of Africa, and north-western Australia. A state of emergency is declared in Sri Lanka, where over 31,000 people are feared dead. ](/news/2004/12/26/an-earthquake-of-magnitude-9-3-the-strongest-earthquake-in-40-years-strikes-in-the-indian-ocean-off-the-western-coast-of-sumatra-while-i.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia, Singapore_
8. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia_
9. [Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines begin joint patrols in the pirate havens within the Celebes and Sulu Seas. ](/news/2017/06/19/indonesia-malaysia-and-the-philippines-begin-joint-patrols-in-the-pirate-havens-within-the-celebes-and-sulu-seas.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia_
10. [Fires in Indonesia burn and blow smoke into Singapore, engulfing the city-state into darkness. ](/news/2016/08/26/fires-in-indonesia-burn-and-blow-smoke-into-singapore-engulfing-the-city-state-into-darkness.md) _Context: Indonesia, Singapore_
