### [2015-09-22](/news/2015/09/22/index.md)

# The United States Justice Department launches an investigation of money laundering associated with the 1Malaysia Development Berhad sovereign wealth fund, as well as the purchase of luxury properties in New York involving shell companies linked to Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak's step-son Riza Aziz and businessman Jho Low. 

In February, Anwar was sentenced to a five-year jail term after a sodomy conviction that he and independent observers said was politically motivated.


### Source:

1. [Economic Times-India](http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/international/world-news/malaysias-opposition-forms-new-alliance-against-scandal-hit-najib-razak/articleshow/49060158.cms)

### Related:

1. [The Federal Bureau of Investigation launches an investigation of money laundering associated with the 1Malaysia Development Berhad sovereign wealth fund. ](/news/2015/09/19/the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-launches-an-investigation-of-money-laundering-associated-with-the-1malaysia-development-berhad-sovereign.md) _Context: 1Malaysia Development Berhad, 1Malaysia Development Berhad scandal, money laundering, sovereign wealth fund_
2. [Tens of thousands of people protest in the Malaysian capital Kuala Lumpur, calling for Prime Minister Najib Razak to step down amid an ongoing corruption scandal involving 1Malaysia Development Berhad. ](/news/2016/11/19/tens-of-thousands-of-people-protest-in-the-malaysian-capital-kuala-lumpur-calling-for-prime-minister-najib-razak-to-step-down-amid-an-ongoi.md) _Context: 1Malaysia Development Berhad, Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
3. [There is a second day of rallies in Malaysia calling on Prime Minister Najib Razak to resign over the 1Malaysia Development Berhad scandal. ](/news/2015/08/30/there-is-a-second-day-of-rallies-in-malaysia-calling-on-prime-minister-najib-razak-to-resign-over-the-1malaysia-development-berhad-scandal.md) _Context: 1Malaysia Development Berhad scandal, Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
4. [1Malaysia Development Berhad scandalMalaysian authorities order a freeze on six accounts associated with alleged payments by development bank 1Malaysia Development Berhad to the Prime Minister Najib Razak. ](/news/2015/07/7/1malaysia-development-berhad-scandalpmalaysian-authorities-order-a-freeze-on-six-accounts-associated-with-alleged-payments-by-development-ba.md) _Context: 1Malaysia Development Berhad, Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
5. [ Abdul Gani Patail, the Attorney General of Malaysia, says that a probe of troubled state owned investment bank 1Malaysia Development Berhad has uncovered documents that show the transfer of money into private accounts of the Prime Minister Najib Razak. ](/news/2015/07/4/abdul-gani-patail-the-attorney-general-of-malaysia-says-that-a-probe-of-troubled-state-owned-investment-bank-1malaysia-development-berhad.md) _Context: 1Malaysia Development Berhad, Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
6. [Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country,  and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor   Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight  and end the violence.   Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the  Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on  sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-in-the-predominatel.md) _Context: Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
7. [The Government of Malaysia claims that violence against Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority is "ethnic cleansing" ahead of a march in Kuala Lumpur led by Prime Minister Najib Razak. ](/news/2016/12/3/the-government-of-malaysia-claims-that-violence-against-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-is-ethnic-cleansing-ahead-of-a-march-in-kuala-l.md) _Context: Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
8. [The Malaysian National Security Council Act comes into effect giving the Prime Minister of Malaysia Najib Razak sweeping new powers. ](/news/2016/08/1/the-malaysian-national-security-council-act-comes-into-effect-giving-the-prime-minister-of-malaysia-najib-razak-sweeping-new-powers.md) _Context: Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
9. [Prime Minister Najib Razak gets emergency powers amid a widening scandal about corruption. ](/news/2016/07/27/prime-minister-najib-razak-gets-emergency-powers-amid-a-widening-scandal-about-corruption.md) _Context: 1Malaysia Development Berhad scandal, Najib Razak_
10. [Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop says the government is very concerned about Saturday's arrest and detention of two Australian Broadcasting Corporation journalists who attempted to interview Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak. The pair, who are in Malaysia to investigate allegations of corruption and bribery involving the  prime minister, were detained by Malaysian police for six hours,  and told not to leave the country. ](/news/2016/03/14/australian-foreign-minister-julie-bishop-says-the-government-is-very-concerned-about-saturday-s-arrest-and-detention-of-two-australian-broad.md) _Context: Malaysian Prime Minister, Najib Razak_
