### [2015-09-22](/news/2015/09/22/index.md)

# The army of Burkina Faso arrives in Ouagadougou to seek the surrender of the Presidential Guard that staged the coup. 

The leader of the Burkina Faso coup and the chief of the army were conducting last-minute talks on Tuesday, seeking to avoid bloodshed as the army prepared to &quot;disarm&quot; the presidential guard.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-34321961)
2. [DW Akademie](http://www.dw.com/en/tension-in-burkina-faso-as-negotiations-continue/a-18729537)

### Related:

1. [The coup leader General Gilbert Diendere says that he is ready to hand over power to transitional authorities as the army marches on the capital Ouagadougou. ](/news/2015/09/21/the-coup-leader-general-gilbert-dienda-c-ra-c-says-that-he-is-ready-to-hand-over-power-to-transitional-authorities-as-the-army-marches-on-the-c.md) _Context: Burkinabe troops, Ouagadougou_
2. [A trial at a court in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso, opens to try former President Blaise Compaore and members of his cabinet in absentia. Burkina Faso accuses Compaore, who is in exile in the Ivory Coast, of ordering the killing of protesters during the uprising that ousted him in 2014. ](/news/2017/05/15/a-trial-at-a-court-in-ouagadougou-burkina-faso-opens-to-try-former-president-blaise-compaora-c-and-members-of-his-cabinet-in-absentia-burk.md) _Context: Ouagadougou_
3. [An attack on a border post near Burkina Faso's border with Mali, leaves at least 12 Burkinabe troops dead and two others missing. ](/news/2016/12/16/an-attack-on-a-border-post-near-burkina-faso-s-border-with-mali-leaves-at-least-12-burkinabe-troops-dead-and-two-others-missing.md) _Context: Burkinabe troops_
4. [Gunmen armed with heavy weapons attack a restaurant called Cappuccino and the Splendid Hotel, taking hostages, in the heart of Burkino Faso's capital, Ouagadougou. At least 20 people are reportedly killed. ](/news/2016/01/15/gunmen-armed-with-heavy-weapons-attack-a-restaurant-called-cappuccino-and-the-splendid-hotel-taking-hostages-in-the-heart-of-burkino-faso.md) _Context: Ouagadougou_
5. [After a tense standoff, Burkina Faso's military crushed  the elite presidential guard and seized the coup's abandoned headquarters. The former head of the guard, Gen. Gilbert Diendere, had called on his men to lay down their weapons to avoid a bloodbath. Diendere told Agence France-Presse (AFP) he feared "many deaths and injuries" in the operation. It is unclear whether there are casualties. ](/news/2015/09/29/after-a-tense-standoff-burkina-faso-s-military-crushed-the-elite-presidential-guard-and-seized-the-coup-s-abandoned-headquarters-the-form.md) _Context: 2015 Burkinabe coup d'etat_
6. [The coup is reversed. Interim President Michel Kafando and interim Prime Minister Yacouba Isaac Zida are reinstalled, and government soldiers are returned to their stations. Coup leader Gen. Gilbert Diendere apologizes for the coup and the week-long unrest that killed at least 10 people. The Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) suggests that elections, originally scheduled for Oct. 11, be held Nov. 22, and that candidate eligibility rules be more inclusive. ](/news/2015/09/24/the-coup-is-reversed-interim-president-michel-kafando-and-interim-prime-minister-yacouba-isaac-zida-are-reinstalled-and-government-soldier.md) _Context: 2015 Burkinabe coup d'etat_
7. [The provisional government of Burkina Faso is overthrown in a military coup. ](/news/2015/09/17/the-provisional-government-of-burkina-faso-is-overthrown-in-a-military-coup.md) _Context: 2015 Burkinabe coup d'etat_
8. [Soldiers detain the interim president and prime minister of Burkina Faso, as well as a number of cabinet ministers, sparking fear of a coup d'etat. A joint statement by the United Nations, the African Union, and the Economic Community of West African States states that the presidential guard should immediately release the leaders of the interim government. ](/news/2015/09/16/soldiers-detain-the-interim-president-and-prime-minister-of-burkina-faso-as-well-as-a-number-of-cabinet-ministers-sparking-fear-of-a-coup.md) _Context: 2015 Burkinabe coup d'etat_
9. [Air Algerie Flight 5017 loses contact with air traffic controllers 50 minutes after takeoff. It was travelling between Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso and Algiers with 116 people on board. The wreckage is later found in Mali.  ](/news/2014/07/24/air-alga-c-rie-flight-5017-loses-contact-with-air-traffic-controllers-50-minutes-after-takeoff-it-was-travelling-between-ouagadougou-burkina.md) _Context: Ouagadougou_
10. [ Prime Minister of Burkina Faso Tertius Zongo confirms least three people were swept away by floods and thousands are left homeless in Ouagadougou and its suburbs. ](/news/2009/09/2/prime-minister-of-burkina-faso-tertius-zongo-confirms-least-three-people-were-swept-away-by-floods-and-thousands-are-left-homeless-in-ouaga.md) _Context: Ouagadougou_
