### [2007-11-14](/news/2007/11/14/index.md)

#  The European Parliament far right bloc, Identity, Tradition, Sovereignty, collapses after five Romanian MEPs resign following Alessandra Mussolini's claim that Romanians are "habitual law-breakers". 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/7094861.stm)

### Related:

1. [United States-European Union relations. The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/united-states-european-union-relations-the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-go.md) _Context: European Parliament, Romania_
2. [An altercation with a fellow UKIP MEP inside the European Parliament leaves UK Independence Party, Member of the European Parliament, and current UKIP party leadership favorite Steven Woolfe hospitalized. ](/news/2016/10/6/an-altercation-with-a-fellow-ukip-mep-inside-the-european-parliament-leaves-uk-independence-party-member-of-the-european-parliament-and-cu.md) _Context: European Parliament, Member of the European Parliament_
3. [Former United Kingdom Independence Party Member of the European Parliament Ashley Mote is jailed for 5 years for fraudulently claiming almost GBP500k in European Parliament expenses. ](/news/2015/07/13/former-united-kingdom-independence-party-member-of-the-european-parliament-ashley-mote-is-jailed-for-5-years-for-fraudulently-claiming-almos.md) _Context: European Parliament, Member of the European Parliament_
4. [There is a row in the European Parliament as French and German MEPs attack Ireland's 12.5% corporate tax rate. ](/news/2010/11/30/there-is-a-row-in-the-european-parliament-as-french-and-german-meps-attack-ireland-s-12-5-corporate-tax-rate.md) _Context: European Parliament, Member of the European Parliament_
5. [ A further three British Conservative MEPs (Robert Atkins, Sajjad Karim, and John Purvis) are facing allegations of financial abuse, following the resignation of two fellow members from European Parliament positions last week. ](/news/2008/06/9/a-further-three-british-conservative-meps-robert-atkins-sajjad-karim-and-john-purvis-are-facing-allegations-of-financial-abuse-followi.md) _Context: European Parliament, Member of the European Parliament_
6. [ The Romanian nationalist Greater Romania Party is voted out of the European Parliament in the European Parliament election, 2007. ](/news/2007/11/26/the-romanian-nationalist-greater-romania-party-is-voted-out-of-the-european-parliament-in-the-european-parliament-election-2007.md) _Context: European Parliament, Romania_
7. [ The European Parliament undergoes mid-term changes in advance of its first 2007 session:. Far right parliamentarians increase their influence within the European Parliament by founding a new transnational caucus. ](/news/2007/01/9/the-european-parliament-undergoes-mid-term-changes-in-advance-of-its-first-2007-session-far-right-parliamentarians-increase-their-influen.md) _Context: European Parliament, far right_
8. [ Liberal Democrat MEP for London, Sarah Ludford, who is leading a European Parliament investigation into the U.S. policy of "extraordinary rendition", says she may invite Vice President of the United States Dick Cheney, United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld or United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to testify. ](/news/2006/01/26/liberal-democrat-mep-for-london-sarah-ludford-who-is-leading-a-european-parliament-investigation-into-the-u-s-policy-of-extraordinary-r.md) _Context: European Parliament, Member of the European Parliament_
9. [ The European Parliament votes to allow Bulgaria and Romania to join the European Union in 2007. ](/news/2005/04/13/the-european-parliament-votes-to-allow-bulgaria-and-romania-to-join-the-european-union-in-2007.md) _Context: European Parliament, Romania_
10. [The Turkish government issues an arrest warrant for NBA Oklahoma City Thunder player Enes Kanter suspected of being a member of a "terror group." Kanter, a vocal supporter of Fethullah Gulen, was returning to the U.S. from a charity tour when, last Saturday, he was detained in Bucharest, Romania, because his Turkish passport had been revoked. Kanter says he plans on becoming a United States citizen. ](/news/2017/05/26/the-turkish-government-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-nba-oklahoma-city-thunder-player-enes-kanter-suspected-of-being-a-member-of-a-terror-gr.md) _Context: Romania_
