### [2003-01-2](/news/2003/01/2/index.md)

#  Oil leakage from the sunken tanker "Prestige" threatens the southwestern coast of France. The prefect of Aquitaine reported a slick from the tanker is 50 kilometers (30 standard miles) from the coast. French Prime Minister Jean-Pierre Raffarin promised 50 million euros for the cleanup. The "Prestige", which carried 77,000 tonnes of crude oil, sunk in late November 2002, off the coast of the Galician region of Spain.




### Related:

1. [ Garda Siochana find over 1.5 tonnes of cocaine worth over EUR105 million off the coast of West Cork after a small ship sinks - the largest cocaine seizure in the history of Ireland. The naval diving squad are continuing the search, as experts believe more of the drug is still in the sea. ](/news/2007/07/2/garda-saocha-na-find-over-1-5-tonnes-of-cocaine-worth-over-a-105-million-off-the-coast-of-west-cork-after-a-small-ship-sinks-the-larges.md) _Context: EUR, tonne_
2. [ The tanker "Prestige", which has been leaking oil off the north-west coast of Spain for several days, split into two at 8 o'clock in the morning (0700 GMT). The vessel was reported to be about 250 km away from the Spanish coast at that time. The entire load of oil is 70,000 ton; most of it is still in the two parts of the ship; if all leaks out the resulting damage could be twice that of the Exxon Valdez disaster off the coast of Alaska in 1989. Despite efforts, the oil reached the coast. See: [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/2488229.stm].](/news/2002/11/19/the-tanker-prestige-which-has-been-leaking-oil-off-the-north-west-coast-of-spain-for-several-days-split-into-two-at-8-o-clock-in-the-mo.md) _Context: Prestige, tanker_
3. [The International Criminal Court has ruled that Ahmad al-Faqi al-Mahdi is liable for about EUR 2.7 million in personal damages for the destruction of Timbuktu's heritage sites, and that the victims (including Mali itself and the international community) be paid "individual, collective, and symbolic" reparations. The Trust Fund for Victims is to decide until 16 February 2018 how the amount will be paid (the Court has also recognized that the penniless al-Mahdi would be unable to pay). ](/news/2017/08/17/the-international-criminal-court-has-ruled-that-ahmad-al-faqi-al-mahdi-is-liable-for-about-a-2-7-million-in-personal-damages-for-the-destr.md) _Context: EUR_
4. [Victoria Police charge Cardinal George Pell, the Prefect of the Secretariat for the Economy, and the third most senior official of the Catholic Church, with historic child sex offences. Pell will be required to attend hearings at the Melbourne Magistrates Court in Australia on July 19. ](/news/2017/06/29/victoria-police-charge-cardinal-george-pell-the-prefect-of-the-secretariat-for-the-economy-and-the-third-most-senior-official-of-the-catho.md) _Context: Prefect_
5. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia had failed to protect students and teachers during the 2004 Beslan school siege, which left 334 people dead, and orders the Russian Government to pay 2,955,000 euros to 409 relatives of the victims. The ruling was quickly denounced by Russia as "unacceptable". ](/news/2017/04/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-had-failed-to-protect-students-and-teachers-during-the-2004-beslan-school-siege-which.md) _Context: EUR_
6. [Former Congolese Vice President and warlord Jean-Pierre Bemba, sentenced last year by the International Criminal Court (ICC) to 18 years in prison for war crimes, is given an additional 12 months and fined 300,000 euros for bribing witnesses during an earlier ICC trial. The court also handed jail terms and fines for alleged interference in his trial to members of his legal team. ](/news/2017/03/22/former-congolese-vice-president-and-warlord-jean-pierre-bemba-sentenced-last-year-by-the-international-criminal-court-icc-to-18-years-in.md) _Context: EUR_
7. [Pope Francis donates 100,000 euros for the poor of Aleppo. ](/news/2017/03/10/pope-francis-donates-100-000-euros-for-the-poor-of-aleppo.md) _Context: EUR_
8. [The European Union pledges to give the Gambia EUR225 million in aid to assist the country following the departure of former president Yahya Jammeh, whose 22 years of misrule left the country "virtually bankrupt". ](/news/2017/02/10/the-european-union-pledges-to-give-the-gambia-a-225-million-in-aid-to-assist-the-country-following-the-departure-of-former-president-yahya.md) _Context: EUR_
9. [White House National Trade Council director Peter Navarro says Germany exploits other countries with a "grossly undervalued" euro. German Chancellor Angela Merkel rejects the allegation. ](/news/2017/01/31/white-house-national-trade-council-director-peter-navarro-says-germany-exploits-other-countries-with-a-grossly-undervalued-euro-german-ch.md) _Context: EUR_
10. [Consultancy PwC says that global banks with business both in London and on the European continent must plan for a hard Brexit that entails a break with many of the benefits of the Euro system, and a short transition period. ](/news/2017/01/31/consultancy-pwc-says-that-global-banks-with-business-both-in-london-and-on-the-european-continent-must-plan-for-a-hard-brexit-that-entails-a.md) _Context: EUR_
