### [2003-01-2](/news/2003/01/2/index.md)

#  The People's Republic of China Foreign Ministry reacted to a report in the Israeli newspaper "Ha'aretz" which stated that Israel had complied with a U.S. request to suspend all contracts on the exports of arms and security equipment from the PRC to Israel. Israeli Defence Ministry Director-General Amos Yaron stated that Israel intends to "track down" all security ties with the PRC. An unnamed senior Israeli official stated that the Americans were using the pretext of protecting Taiwan to cover a proposed shift of American policy to allow direct arms sales to the PRC.




### Related:

1. [ Belgium's highest court, the Court of Cassation, throws out case against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and Israeli General Amos Yaron. Also, a case against former U.S. President George H. W. Bush (for war crimes in Iraq) and Secretary of State Colin Powell is dismissed.](/news/2003/09/24/belgium-s-highest-court-the-court-of-cassation-throws-out-case-against-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-and-israeli-general-amos-yaron-also.md) _Context: Amos Yaron, Israel_
2. [It is suspected that Israeli jets bomb a military research facility near the city of Masyaf, Hama Governorate, killing at least two Syrian Army soldiers. The facility was rumoured to contain chemical weapons. ](/news/2017/09/7/it-is-suspected-that-israeli-jets-bomb-a-military-research-facility-near-the-city-of-masyaf-hama-governorate-killing-at-least-two-syrian-a.md) _Context: Israel_
3. [Tainan Mayor William Lai Ching-te is appointed as the new Premier by the President of the Republic of China Tsai Ing-wen. ](/news/2017/09/5/tainan-mayor-william-lai-ching-te-is-appointed-as-the-new-premier-by-the-president-of-the-republic-of-china-tsai-ing-wen.md) _Context: Taiwan_
4. [ Google strikes a $1.1bn (GBP822m) deal with Taiwan's HTC to expand its smartphone business. ](/news/2017/09/21/google-strikes-a-1-1bn-gbp822m-deal-with-taiwan-s-htc-to-expand-its-smartphone-business.md) _Context: Taiwan_
5. [The Supreme Court of Israel strikes down the exemption on the conscription of ultra-Orthodox Jews. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-supreme-court-of-israel-strikes-down-the-exemption-on-the-conscription-of-ultra-orthodox-jews.md) _Context: Israel_
6. [Israel plans to shut down all of Al Jazeera's operations in the country, alleging support of terrorism. ](/news/2017/08/6/israel-plans-to-shut-down-all-of-al-jazeera-s-operations-in-the-country-alleging-support-of-terrorism.md) _Context: Israel_
7. [FORMOSAT-5, the first satellite fully designed by Taiwan's National Space Organization, is launched into low-earth orbit by SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket. ](/news/2017/08/25/formosat-5-the-first-satellite-fully-designed-by-taiwan-s-national-space-organization-is-launched-into-low-earth-orbit-by-spacex-s-falcon.md) _Context: Taiwan_
8. [The world's oldest man, Polish-Israeli Yisrael Kristal, who was also recognized as the oldest living Holocaust survivor, dies at age 113 years, 330 days, in Haifa, Israel. ](/news/2017/08/11/the-world-s-oldest-man-polishaisraeli-yisrael-kristal-who-was-also-recognized-as-the-oldest-living-holocaust-survivor-dies-at-age-113-y.md) _Context: Israel_
9. [The Israeli government says it will remove metal detectors and some cameras recently installed at the entrances to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem that resulted in a wave of protests and some deaths. Instead, less obtrusive surveillance means will be used. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-israeli-government-says-it-will-remove-metal-detectors-and-some-cameras-recently-installed-at-the-entrances-to-the-temple-mount-in-jerus.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [Israel's embassy staff in Jordan, including a security guard involved in a shooting incident in which two Jordanians were killed yesterday, return to Israel from Amman. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu thanked U.S. President Donald Trump and Jordan's King Abdullah for their help and cooperation. ](/news/2017/07/24/israel-s-embassy-staff-in-jordan-including-a-security-guard-involved-in-a-shooting-incident-in-which-two-jordanians-were-killed-yesterday.md) _Context: Israel_
