### [2005-10-28](/news/2005/10/28/index.md)

#  In the continuing negotiations over global free trade, the trade commissioner for the European Union, Peter Mandelson, said Friday that the EU will cut its average farm tariff by 47%, reducing the highest rates by 60%. Jacques Chirac, the president of France, said that he doesn't have France's support in such a proposal. 




### Source:

1. [Financial Times](http://news.ft.com/cms/s/e3b20c86-47e0-11da-a949-00000e2511c8.html)

### Related:

1. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: European Union, free trade_
2. [European Union leaders advise  the United Kingdom that, after their EU exit, to retain access to the bloc's lucrative single market, the UK must allow free movement for EU workers. German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande reiterated that freedom of movement of EU citizens is non-negotiable. ](/news/2016/06/29/european-union-leaders-advise-the-united-kingdom-that-after-their-eu-exit-to-retain-access-to-the-bloc-s-lucrative-single-market-the-uk.md) _Context: European Union, President of France_
3. [France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-resolution-to-lift-european-union-sanctions-against-russia-applied-after-russia-s-a.md) _Context: European Union, President of France_
4. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac, President of France_
5. [The European Union and Japan say that they will begin talks to restart free trade between the two entities beginning in April. ](/news/2013/03/25/the-european-union-and-japan-say-that-they-will-begin-talks-to-restart-free-trade-between-the-two-entities-beginning-in-april.md) _Context: European Union, free trade_
6. [Eurozone debt crisis:Nicolas Sarkozy, the President of France, and Angela Merkel, the Chancellor of Germany, call for a new European Union Treaty to help prevent future Eurozone crises. ](/news/2011/12/5/eurozone-debt-crisis-pnicolas-sarkozy-the-president-of-france-and-angela-merkel-the-chancellor-of-germany-call-for-a-new-european-union.md) _Context: European Union, President of France_
7. [Former President of France Jacques Chirac is found guilty of embezzlement and violating trust due to his hiring members of his party to fill non-existent jobs while Mayor of Paris. ](/news/2011/12/15/former-president-of-france-jacques-chirac-is-found-guilty-of-embezzlement-and-violating-trust-due-to-his-hiring-members-of-his-party-to-fill.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac, President of France_
8. [The trial of former French President Jacques Chirac on embezzlement charges begins in Paris. ](/news/2011/09/5/the-trial-of-former-french-president-jacques-chirac-on-embezzlement-charges-begins-in-paris.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac, President of France_
9. [Former President of France Jacques Chirac faces charges that related to alleged use of Paris city government resources to benefit his Rally for the Republic party while serving as Mayor of Paris. ](/news/2011/03/7/former-president-of-france-jacques-chirac-faces-charges-that-related-to-alleged-use-of-paris-city-government-resources-to-benefit-his-rally.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac, President of France_
10. [ Former French President Jacques Chirac is ordered to stand trial on corruption charges. ](/news/2009/10/30/former-french-president-jacques-chirac-is-ordered-to-stand-trial-on-corruption-charges.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac, President of France_
