### [2017-09-26](/news/2017/09/26/index.md)

# The United States Department of Homeland Security plans to collect the social media information - such as those in Facebook, Reddit, Twitter and Youtube - of all immigrants, including green card holders and naturalized citizens, beginning on October 18, 2017. 




### Source:

1. [CNet](https://www.cnet.com/news/homeland-security-plans-to-collect-immigrants-social-media-info/)
1. [Cover Image](https://cnet2.cbsistatic.com/img/V8lH1zt-WJwAM5qa3AND7cSKf5g=/670x503/2017/03/13/c0043de2-e994-481d-bdf4-34797e3e174c/gettyimages-586900316.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Twitter and YouTube are both inaccessible for hours in Turkey; part of a crack-down on social media by the government there. ](/news/2015/04/6/twitter-and-youtube-are-both-inaccessible-for-hours-in-turkey-part-of-a-crack-down-on-social-media-by-the-government-there.md) _Context: Twitter, Youtube, social media_
2. [Facebook, Inc. announces that its social media service now has 2 billion regular users, more than a quarter of the world's population. Twitter, by comparison, has 328 million users as of April 2017. ](/news/2017/06/27/facebook-inc-announces-that-its-social-media-service-now-has-2-billion-regular-users-more-than-a-quarter-of-the-world-s-population-twitt.md) _Context: Facebook, Twitter_
3. [The U.S. Department of Homeland Security withdraws its order that Twitter unmask a user whose tweets are critical of President Donald Trump following the company's court filing to block the order on constitutional grounds. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-u-s-department-of-homeland-security-withdraws-its-order-that-twitter-unmask-a-user-whose-tweets-are-critical-of-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: Twitter, United States Department of Homeland Security_
4. [A series of cyberattacks utilizing distributed denial-of-service attacks, targeting networks operated by DNS provider Dyn, makes major Internet platforms and services unavailable to large swaths of users in Europe and North America. Affected companies include Amazon, Twitter, Spotify, Reddit, PayPal, Netflix, and Airbnb. ](/news/2016/10/21/a-series-of-cyberattacks-utilizing-distributed-denial-of-service-attacks-targeting-networks-operated-by-dns-provider-dyn-makes-major-inter.md) _Context: Reddit, Twitter_
5. [The father of Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While generally free of liability under U.S. law which provides a legal "safe harbor" for content posted, this case targets the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015-paris-massacre-files-suit-in.md) _Context: Facebook, Twitter_
6. [Apparent ISIL computer hackers attack the feeds for the United States Central Command for Twitter and YouTube. ](/news/2015/01/12/apparent-isil-computer-hackers-attack-the-feeds-for-the-united-states-central-command-for-twitter-and-youtube.md) _Context: Twitter, Youtube_
7. [The Guardian obtains a copy of a document from April that reveals that the NSA is mining data using PRISM, spying on the e-mails and web activities of American citizens through direct access to Google, Apple, Microsoft, Facebook, YouTube, Skype, Yahoo, Paltalk and AOL. The Guardian's report does not state from whom they obtained the document. ](/news/2013/06/6/the-guardian-obtains-a-copy-of-a-document-from-april-that-reveals-that-the-nsa-is-mining-data-using-prism-spying-on-the-e-mails-and-web-act.md) _Context: Facebook, Youtube_
8. [Samsung releases, in South Korea, a camera that can post photos and videos directly to Facebook and YouTube. ](/news/2011/02/23/samsung-releases-in-south-korea-a-camera-that-can-post-photos-and-videos-directly-to-facebook-and-youtube.md) _Context: Facebook, Youtube_
9. [After the Egyptian government censorship of social media websites (such as Twitter, Facebook and Google), internet access and SMS networks are cut off in response to anti-government protests. ](/news/2011/01/28/after-the-egyptian-government-censorship-of-social-media-websites-such-as-twitter-facebook-and-google-internet-access-and-sms-networks-a.md) _Context: Facebook, Twitter_
10. [Paul Allen's company, Interval Licensing LLC, files a patent infringement lawsuit against Google, Apple Computer, AOL, eBay, Facebook, Netflix, Office Depot, OfficeMax, Staples Inc., Yahoo and YouTube. ](/news/2010/08/27/paul-allen-s-company-interval-licensing-llc-files-a-patent-infringement-lawsuit-against-google-apple-computer-aol-ebay-facebook-netfl.md) _Context: Facebook, Youtube_
