### [2007-11-25](/news/2007/11/25/index.md)

#  2007 Pakistani state of emergency:. Former Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif arrives at Lahore Airport with his family members.date=December 2007. At least 1800 supporters of PML-N are detained in Punjab ahead of Nawaz Sharif's return from exile.date=December 2007 




### Related:

1. [2008 Mumbai attacks. Pakistan detains Hafiz Muhammad Saeed, the suspected mastermind of the 2008 attacks in the Indian city. Saeed, co-founder of the active terrorist organization Lashkar-e-Taiba, is being held under house arrest in Lahore in Pakistan's Punjab Province. Four other men are also under house arrest in the area. ](/news/2017/01/31/2008-mumbai-attacks-pakistan-detains-hafiz-muhammad-saeed-the-suspected-mastermind-of-the-2008-attacks-in-the-indian-city-saeed-co-found.md) _Context: Lahore, Pakistan, Punjab_
2. [India-Pakistan relations. Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is met by Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif at Allama Iqbal International Airport in Lahore for a two-hour meeting. Modi's surprise stopover is the first since Indian Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee visited Pakistan in 2004. ](/news/2015/12/25/india-pakistan-relations-indian-prime-minister-narendra-modi-is-met-by-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-at-allama-iqbal-internationa.md) _Context: Lahore, Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan_
3. [The funeral for murdered Punjab Governor Salmaan Taseer takes place in Lahore, Pakistan. ](/news/2011/01/5/the-funeral-for-murdered-punjab-governor-salmaan-taseer-takes-place-in-lahore-pakistan.md) _Context: Lahore, Pakistan, Punjab_
4. [ Militants launch attacks on police in Lahore, the capital of Punjab province, in Pakistan, killing 31 people after a week of violence in which more than 100 people died. ](/news/2009/10/15/militants-launch-attacks-on-police-in-lahore-the-capital-of-punjab-province-in-pakistan-killing-31-people-after-a-week-of-violence-in-wh.md) _Context: Lahore, Pakistan, Punjab_
5. [ Former Prime Minister of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif announces he will file nomination papers in the Pakistani general election, 2008. However, he will not serve as Prime Minister under the current President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf. ](/news/2007/11/26/former-prime-minister-of-pakistan-nawaz-sharif-announces-he-will-file-nomination-papers-in-the-pakistani-general-election-2008-however-h.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister_
6. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency:. Pakistani opposition leader Imran Khan is arrested at the University of the Punjab in Lahore. ](/news/2007/11/14/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-pakistani-opposition-leader-imran-khan-is-arrested-at-the-university-of-the-punjab-in-lahore.md) _Context: 2007 Pakistani state of emergency, Lahore, Pakistan_
7. [ Pakistani police arrest approximately 50 supporters of former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's Pakistan Muslim League in Punjab prior to his return to Pakistan next week. ](/news/2007/09/5/pakistani-police-arrest-approximately-50-supporters-of-former-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-s-pakistan-muslim-league-in-punjab-prior-to-his-r.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Punjab_
8. [ Nawaz Sharif, former Prime Minister of Pakistan, states that he will return to Pakistan from exile after winning a case in the Supreme Court of Pakistan. ](/news/2007/08/30/nawaz-sharif-former-prime-minister-of-pakistan-states-that-he-will-return-to-pakistan-from-exile-after-winning-a-case-in-the-supreme-cour.md) _Context: Exile, Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan_
9. [ Former Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif is all set to return to Pakistan after seven years of exile. ](/news/2007/08/29/former-pakistan-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-is-all-set-to-return-to-pakistan-after-seven-years-of-exile.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister_
10. [ Zilla Huma Usman, minister for social welfare of Punjab province, Pakistan, is assassinated near Lahore by Mohammed Sarwar for not wearing a hijab and campaigning for women's emancipation. ](/news/2007/02/20/zilla-huma-usman-minister-for-social-welfare-of-punjab-province-pakistan-is-assassinated-near-lahore-by-mohammed-sarwar-for-not-wearing.md) _Context: Lahore, Pakistan, Punjab_
