### [2007-11-25](/news/2007/11/25/index.md)

#  Former Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif arrives at Lahore Airport with his family members.date=December 2007 At least 1800 supporters of PML-N are detained in Punjab ahead of Nawaz Sharif's return from exile.date=December 2007 




### Related:

1. [ Former Prime Minister of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif announces he will file nomination papers in the Pakistani general election, 2008. However, he will not serve as Prime Minister under the current President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf. ](/news/2007/11/26/former-prime-minister-of-pakistan-nawaz-sharif-announces-he-will-file-nomination-papers-in-the-pakistani-general-election-2008-however-h.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister_
2. [ Pakistani police arrest approximately 50 supporters of former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's Pakistan Muslim League in Punjab prior to his return to Pakistan next week. ](/news/2007/09/5/pakistani-police-arrest-approximately-50-supporters-of-former-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-s-pakistan-muslim-league-in-punjab-prior-to-his-r.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Punjab_
3. [ Former Pakistan Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif is all set to return to Pakistan after seven years of exile. ](/news/2007/08/29/former-pakistan-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-is-all-set-to-return-to-pakistan-after-seven-years-of-exile.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister_
4. [Pakistan's opposition interrupts Parliament's scheduled session demanding Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif resign during the investigation of his finances, per Thursday's Supreme Court ruling. ](/news/2017/04/21/pakistan-s-opposition-interrupts-parliament-s-scheduled-session-demanding-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-resign-during-the-investigation-of-his.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan_
5. [Pakistan detains Hafiz Muhammad Saeed, the suspected mastermind of the 2008 attacks in the Indian city. Saeed, co-founder of the active terrorist organization Lashkar-e-Taiba, is being held under house arrest in Lahore in Pakistan's Punjab Province. Four other men are also under house arrest in the area. ](/news/2017/01/31/pakistan-detains-hafiz-muhammad-saeed-the-suspected-mastermind-of-the-2008-attacks-in-the-indian-city-saeed-co-founder-of-the-active-terr.md) _Context: Pakistan, Punjab_
6. [The government of Pakistan warns that it will push to clear the Islamist protests occurring in Islamabad. Protests have broken out in the capital and other cities ever since Mumtaz Qadri was executed last February for his role in killing Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer in 2011 because he opposed Pakistan's blasphemy laws. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-government-of-pakistan-warns-that-it-will-push-to-clear-the-islamist-protests-occurring-in-islamabad-protests-have-broken-out-in-the-ca.md) _Context: Pakistan, Punjab_
7. [Thousands of protestors rally in front of the Parliament of Pakistan in Islamabad in support of Mumtaz Qadri, the killer of reformist Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer in 2011 who was subsequently executed last February. The Pakistan Army was called in to control the situation. ](/news/2016/03/28/thousands-of-protestors-rally-in-front-of-the-parliament-of-pakistan-in-islamabad-in-support-of-mumtaz-qadri-the-killer-of-reformist-punjab.md) _Context: Pakistan, Punjab_
8. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan_
9. [Pakistani authorities hang Mumtaz Qadri for his role in the murder of reformist Punjab governor Salmaan Taseer in 2011. ](/news/2016/02/29/pakistani-authorities-hang-mumtaz-qadri-for-his-role-in-the-murder-of-reformist-punjab-governor-salmaan-taseer-in-2011.md) _Context: Pakistan, Punjab_
10. [Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is met by Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif at Allama Iqbal International Airport in Lahore for a two-hour meeting. Modi's surprise stopover is the first since Indian Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee visited Pakistan in 2004. ](/news/2015/12/25/indian-prime-minister-narendra-modi-is-met-by-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-at-allama-iqbal-international-airport-in-lahore-for-a-tw.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan_
