### [2003-08-10](/news/2003/08/10/index.md)

#  Pope John Paul II urges Catholics to pray for rain in Europe as the heat wave continues. The heat wave in Britain reaches 100 Fahrenheit (37.8 Celsius) at Heathrow, for the first time in history. Warnings of avalanches are issued in the Alps, as mountain glaciers melt.




### Related:

1. [A temperature of 53.7degC (128.7degF) is recorded during the 2017 heat wave in Ahvaz, Khuzestan Province, breaking Iran's previous record and becoming one of the highest temperatures ever recorded on Earth. ](/news/2017/06/30/a-temperature-of-53-7adegc-128-7adegf-is-recorded-during-the-2017-heat-wave-in-ahvaz-khuzestan-province-breaking-iran-s-previous-record-and.md) _Context: heat wave_
2. [A heat wave strikes the Western U.S. states of Arizona, California, and Nevada. It is predicted to last until June 23. ](/news/2017/06/20/a-heat-wave-strikes-the-western-u-s-states-of-arizona-california-and-nevada-it-is-predicted-to-last-until-june-23.md) _Context: heat wave_
3. [A severe heat wave grips Malaysia as much of Southeast Asia struggles with unusually hot and dry weather created by the El Nino season. Temperatures in Malaysia soared above 37degC, prompting more than 250 schools to close. ](/news/2016/04/11/a-severe-heat-wave-grips-malaysia-as-much-of-southeast-asia-struggles-with-unusually-hot-and-dry-weather-created-by-the-el-nia-o-season-tem.md) _Context: heat wave_
4. [A heat wave affecting the Middle East causes almost 100 deaths in Egypt. ](/news/2015/08/17/a-heat-wave-affecting-the-middle-east-causes-almost-100-deaths-in-egypt.md) _Context: heat wave_
5. [The death toll from a heat wave in Egypt this week rises to 60. ](/news/2015/08/12/the-death-toll-from-a-heat-wave-in-egypt-this-week-rises-to-60.md) _Context: heat wave_
6. [The official death toll from the Indian heat wave rises to 2,330 with meteorologists warning that relief from the monsoon season could still be days away. ](/news/2015/06/2/the-official-death-toll-from-the-indian-heat-wave-rises-to-2-330-with-meteorologists-warning-that-relief-from-the-monsoon-season-could-still.md) _Context: heat wave_
7. [The death toll from an Indian heat wave rises to 432 in the states of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana with extreme conditions forecast to continue. ](/news/2015/05/25/the-death-toll-from-an-indian-heat-wave-rises-to-432-in-the-states-of-andhra-pradesh-and-telangana-with-extreme-conditions-forecast-to-conti.md) _Context: heat wave_
8. [The President of Cuba, Raul Castro, is received in an official private audience with Pope Francis, who will become the third Pope to visit the still officially Communist island before visiting the U.S. this October. Some restrictions on exercise of religion, and a few restrictions on other rights, have been lifted or relaxed, especially after Pope John Paul II's historic 1998 meeting with Fidel Castro, Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI's trip during his reign, and especially in 2014 and earlier this year, after Raul and Francis and U.S. President Barack Obama's diplomatic team dramatically improved U.S.-Cuba relations. President Castro went there to thank Francis, whom he publicly has stated his admiration for, for his efforts, and spoke of the possibility of converting and of officially restoring the Church. ](/news/2015/05/10/the-president-of-cuba-raul-castro-is-received-in-an-official-private-audience-with-pope-francis-who-will-become-the-third-pope-to-visit-t.md) _Context: Pope John Paul II_
9. [Pope Francis celebrates Holy Mass in Manila to a crowd of 6 to 7 million, the largest papal gathering since 1995 World Youth Day mass celebrated by late Pope John Paul II in the same place, despite pouring rain. ](/news/2015/01/18/pope-francis-celebrates-holy-mass-in-manila-to-a-crowd-of-6-to-7-million-the-largest-papal-gathering-since-1995-world-youth-day-mass-celebr.md) _Context: Pope John Paul II_
10. [Popes John XXIII and John Paul II are declared saints by Pope Francis in the first papal canonization since 1954. ](/news/2014/04/27/popes-john-xxiii-and-john-paul-ii-are-declared-saints-by-pope-francis-in-the-first-papal-canonization-since-1954.md) _Context: Pope John Paul II_
