### [2003-08-10](/news/2003/08/10/index.md)

#  The British Conservative Party leader Iain Duncan Smith demands that Prime Minister Tony Blair apologise for the comments of his press secretary, Tom Kelly, in which Kelly compared Dr. David Kelly, the BBC source who took his own life after his identity was revealed by the Ministry of Defence, to the fictional "Walter Mitty" character.




### Related:

1. [ United Kingdom: The House of Commons votes to approve an education reform bill. The Prime minister, Tony Blair's authority is called into question for his relying on the opposition Conservative party to secure the vote, due to revolt within his own Labour party. ](/news/2006/03/15/united-kingdom-the-house-of-commons-votes-to-approve-an-education-reform-bill-the-prime-minister-tony-blair-s-authority-is-called-into-q.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Prime Minister, Tony Blair_
2. [The BBC uncovers files showing that Raymond Mawby, a Conservative Minister during the 1960s, passed information to Czechoslovak agents in exchange for money. ](/news/2012/06/28/the-bbc-uncovers-files-showing-that-raymond-mawby-a-conservative-minister-during-the-1960s-passed-information-to-czechoslovak-agents-in-ex.md) _Context: BBC, Conservative Party_
3. [The BBC reports that former "News of the World" editor Andy Coulson continued to receive a severance pay package from News International while working as Director of Communications for the Conservative Party. ](/news/2011/08/23/the-bbc-reports-that-former-news-of-the-world-editor-andy-coulson-continued-to-receive-a-severance-pay-package-from-news-international-whi.md) _Context: BBC, Conservative Party_
4. [In a BBC interview British Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg promises that the Liberal Democtrats will be "a moderating influence" on the Conservatives and will block planned reforms of the National Health Service unless changes are made to them. ](/news/2011/05/8/in-a-bbc-interview-british-deputy-prime-minister-nick-clegg-promises-that-the-liberal-democtrats-will-be-a-moderating-influence-on-the-con.md) _Context: BBC, Conservative Party_
5. [Iraq War: Jeremy Paxman faces being punished by the BBC after being judged to have violated the corporation's strict impartiality rules by writing an article for "The Guardian" in which he stated that Tony Blair's "lies" had led Britain to war with Iraq. ](/news/2011/02/13/iraq-war-jeremy-paxman-faces-being-punished-by-the-bbc-after-being-judged-to-have-violated-the-corporation-s-strict-impartiality-rules-by-w.md) _Context: BBC, Tony Blair_
6. [The BBC intervenes and tensions escalate after the UK cabinet members' threat to boycott "Question Time" unless Alastair Campbell, former adviser to Tony Blair, is removed from the panel. ](/news/2010/05/28/the-bbc-intervenes-and-tensions-escalate-after-the-uk-cabinet-members-threat-to-boycott-question-time-unless-alastair-campbell-former-ad.md) _Context: BBC, Tony Blair_
7. [ Cash for Peerages: A close aide to UK Prime Minister Tony Blair is arrested in a corruption probe. ](/news/2007/01/19/cash-for-peerages-a-close-aide-to-uk-prime-minister-tony-blair-is-arrested-in-a-corruption-probe.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Tony Blair_
8. [ Darfur conflict: On the eve of the International Day for Darfur, British Prime Minister Tony Blair insists the government of Sudan must start to "live up to its obligations" towards the war-torn region. ](/news/2006/09/16/darfur-conflict-on-the-eve-of-the-international-day-for-darfur-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-insists-the-government-of-sudan-must-sta.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Tony Blair_
9. [ Anti-war campaigners criticised British Prime Minister Tony Blair after he suggested his decision to go to war in Iraq would ultimately be judged by God. ](/news/2006/03/4/anti-war-campaigners-criticised-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-after-he-suggested-his-decision-to-go-to-war-in-iraq-would-ultimately-be.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Tony Blair_
10. [ General Sir Michael Rose, former United Nations commander in Bosnia, has told the BBC that British Prime Minister Tony Blair should be "impeached" over the war in Iraq. ](/news/2006/01/9/general-sir-michael-rose-former-united-nations-commander-in-bosnia-has-told-the-bbc-that-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-should-be-imp.md) _Context: BBC, Tony Blair_
