### [2003-08-10](/news/2003/08/10/index.md)

#  War on Terrorism: "The Sunday Times" reports that Al-Qaeda terrorists have infiltrated Iraq from surrounding Arab countries and have aligned themselves with former intelligence agents of Saddam Hussein to fight the Coalition forces. Their attacks have killed Coalition soldiers and Iraqi police officers, among others.




### Related:

1. [ The United States Department of State's annual report on terrorism states that al-Qaeda "has reconstituted some of its pre-9/11 operational capabilities" in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan. ](/news/2008/04/30/the-united-states-department-of-state-s-annual-report-on-terrorism-states-that-al-qaeda-has-reconstituted-some-of-its-pre-9-11-operational.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, al-Qaeda, terrorism_
2. [ War on Terrorism: US military commander for the Middle East reportedly creates a covert commando force (named Task Force 121) to hunt Saddam Hussein and Osama bin Laden (and other key terrorists throughout the region). Military officers state a broader, regional mission is given to the force, which has become one of the Pentagon's most highly classified and closely watched operations. The Special Operations organization to act with greater speed on intelligence tips about ""high-value targets"" and not be contained within the borders where American conventional forces are operating in Iraq and Afghanistan. General John Abizaid, who commands all American forces in the strategic crescent from the Red Sea to the Indian Ocean, had previously decided to disband two Special Operations missions (Task Force 5 in Afghanistan and Task Force 20 in Iraq).](/news/2003/11/7/war-on-terrorism-us-military-commander-for-the-middle-east-reportedly-creates-a-covert-commando-force-named-task-force-121-to-hunt-sadda.md) _Context: Middle East, Saddam Hussein, War on Terrorism_
3. [ War on Terrorism: A terrorism expert with access to intelligence on Al-Qaeda says the group wants to launch a catastrophic attack in the United States.](/news/2003/11/28/war-on-terrorism-a-terrorism-expert-with-access-to-intelligence-on-al-qaeda-says-the-group-wants-to-launch-a-catastrophic-attack-in-the-un.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, al-Qaeda, terrorism_
4. [ War on Terrorism: President Bush, speaking to American Legion veterans convention, defends the Iraq policy, declaring the United States had hit terrorism in overthrowing the government of Saddam Hussein. President Bush vows ""no retreat"" from Iraq. President Bush also states that the United States may carry out other pre-emptive strikes.](/news/2003/08/26/war-on-terrorism-president-bush-speaking-to-american-legion-veterans-convention-defends-the-iraq-policy-declaring-the-united-states-had.md) _Context: Saddam Hussein, War on Terrorism, terrorism_
5. [ War on Terrorism - Canal Hotel: US officials comment terror group linked to al Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, is emerging as a top suspect in the U.N. headquarters bombing in Baghdad. "It's part of a global war against terrorism that was officially declared on us on September 11. It's quite clear we do have terrorists inside Iraq now."](/news/2003/08/20/war-on-terrorism-a-canal-hotel-us-officials-comment-terror-group-linked-to-al-qaeda-ansar-al-islam-is-emerging-as-a-top-suspect-in-the.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, al-Qaeda, terrorism_
6. [ War on Terrorism: Arab television airs an audio tape allegedly from al Qaeda official Abdel Rahman al-Najdi saying Osama bin Laden and Taliban chief Mullah Omar are alive. The tape advocates Muslims to commit terroristic acts and fight the Coalition forces in Iraq.](/news/2003/08/18/war-on-terrorism-arab-television-airs-an-audio-tape-allegedly-from-al-qaeda-official-abdel-rahman-al-najdi-saying-osama-bin-laden-and-tali.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, al-Qaeda, terrorism_
7. [ The Pentagon rejects a Russian proposal to stage joint airstrikes against Al-Qaeda linked groups in Syria. ](/news/2016/05/21/the-pentagon-rejects-a-russian-proposal-to-stage-joint-airstrikes-against-al-qaeda-linked-groups-in-syria.md) _Context: War on Terrorism, al-Qaeda_
8. [The United States closes 22 embassies in the Middle East and North Africa due to intelligence of an Al-Qaeda attack. ](/news/2013/08/4/the-united-states-closes-22-embassies-in-the-middle-east-and-north-africa-due-to-intelligence-of-an-al-qaeda-attack.md) _Context: Middle East, al-Qaeda_
9. [Authorities in the United Arab Emirates say they have arrested seven suspected members of an al-Qaeda-linked "terrorist cell" seeking to carry out operations in the country and the region. ](/news/2013/04/18/authorities-in-the-united-arab-emirates-say-they-have-arrested-seven-suspected-members-of-an-al-qaeda-linked-terrorist-cell-seeking-to-car.md) _Context: Middle East, al-Qaeda_
10. [Interpol places 47 Saudis on its most-wanted list after Saudi Arabia accuses them of involvement in the Al-Qaeda terror network. ](/news/2011/01/10/interpol-places-47-saudis-on-its-most-wanted-list-after-saudi-arabia-accuses-them-of-involvement-in-the-al-qaeda-terror-network.md) _Context: al-Qaeda, terrorism_
