### [2003-08-10](/news/2003/08/10/index.md)

#  While retired South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu and his successor, Archbishop Njongonkulu Winston Ndungane, fail to see what "all the fuss" is over the ordination of a gay bishop, other African Anglicans suggest that their churches may sever relations with the American dioceses that supported the election of a gay priest as bishop if what they called the "path of deviation" is not changed.




### Related:

1. [Leo Varadkar becomes the new party leader of Fine Gael, after winning 51 of 73 votes in the parliamentary party, and is expected to become Taoiseach (Prime Minister) of Ireland, which would make him the youngest and first openly gay man to be Taoiseach, as well as being the first of half-Indian descent. ](/news/2017/06/2/leo-varadkar-becomes-the-new-party-leader-of-fine-gael-after-winning-51-of-73-votes-in-the-parliamentary-party-and-is-expected-to-become-t.md) _Context: gay_
2. [Leo Varadkar becomes the first gay Taoiseach of the Republic of Ireland. ](/news/2017/06/14/leo-varadkar-becomes-the-first-gay-taoiseach-of-the-republic-of-ireland.md) _Context: gay_
3. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The "Novaya Gazeta" newspaper reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: gay_
4. [American conservative Christian lobby group One Million Moms launches a campaign against the decision of DC and Marvel Comics to include openly gay characters in their comics. ](/news/2012/05/31/american-conservative-christian-lobby-group-one-million-moms-launches-a-campaign-against-the-decision-of-dc-and-marvel-comics-to-include-ope.md) _Context: gay_
5. [Transport chiefs in London ban a bus advert which suggested gay people could be cured. ](/news/2012/04/12/transport-chiefs-in-london-ban-a-bus-advert-which-suggested-gay-people-could-be-cured.md) _Context: gay_
6. [In England, three men who distributed and posted through letterboxes leaflets calling for the execution of gay people are jailed. ](/news/2012/02/10/in-england-three-men-who-distributed-and-posted-through-letterboxes-leaflets-calling-for-the-execution-of-gay-people-are-jailed.md) _Context: gay_
7. [South Africa's chief rabbi Warren Goldstein criticises a controversial petition launched by three Jewish Capetonians calling for Archbishop Emeritus and Nobel Peace laureate Desmond Tutu to be axed as patron of two Holocaust centers. ](/news/2011/01/14/south-africa-s-chief-rabbi-warren-goldstein-criticises-a-controversial-petition-launched-by-three-jewish-capetonians-calling-for-archbishop.md) _Context: Desmond Tutu_
8. [South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu retires from public life after reaching his 79th birthday. ](/news/2010/10/7/south-african-archbishop-desmond-tutu-retires-from-public-life-after-reaching-his-79th-birthday.md) _Context: Desmond Tutu_
9. [US District Court Judge Virginia A. Phillips rules that the United States military's don't ask, don't tell policy violates the First Amendment rights of gay men and lesbians. ](/news/2010/09/9/us-district-court-judge-virginia-a-phillips-rules-that-the-united-states-military-s-don-t-ask-don-t-tell-policy-violates-the-first-amendme.md) _Context: gay_
10. [Nobel Peace Laureates Desmond Tutu and Shirin Ebadi lead hundreds of rights groups in calling on Senegal to try exiled Chadian dictator Hissene Habre for mass murder and torture. ](/news/2010/07/22/nobel-peace-laureates-desmond-tutu-and-shirin-ebadi-lead-hundreds-of-rights-groups-in-calling-on-senegal-to-try-exiled-chadian-dictator-hiss.md) _Context: Desmond Tutu_
