### [2013-12-3](/news/2013/12/3/index.md)

# An inquiry into the 1989 Jonesborough ambush finds that members of the Garda Siochana colluded with the IRA in the shooting of two RUC officers as they crossed the Irish border. 

Irish police colluded in the IRA murders of two senior Northern Ireland policemen, an inquiry has found.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-25199800)

### Related:

1. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: soft border_
2. [A shooting at a house in Omeath, County Louth in the Republic of Ireland leaves two men dead, including an on-duty police officer. ](/news/2015/10/11/a-shooting-at-a-house-in-omeath-county-louth-in-the-republic-of-ireland-leaves-two-men-dead-including-an-on-duty-police-officer.md) _Context: police officer_
3. [Members of Ireland's police force Garda Siochana raid the Dublin home of former MEP Paul Murphy TD, taking Murphy into custody along with three other activists and politicians opposing the water-tax-rate change, stirring nationwide speculation of "political policing." The police later release all four without charges. ](/news/2015/02/9/members-of-ireland-s-police-force-garda-saocha-na-raid-the-dublin-home-of-former-mep-paul-murphy-td-taking-murphy-into-custody-along-with.md) _Context: police officer_
4. [Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams remains in custody in connection with the IRA murder of Jean McConville. ](/news/2014/05/1/sinn-fa-c-in-leader-gerry-adams-remains-in-custody-in-connection-with-the-ira-murder-of-jean-mcconville.md) _Context: IRA_
5. [Garda phone tapping scandal:Court documents seen by RTE  Radio 1's ''This Week'' indicate that Gardai recorded phone conversations with two main witnesses during the 1996 Sophie Toscan du Plantier murder investigation. ](/news/2014/03/30/garda-phone-tapping-scandal-pcourt-documents-seen-by-rta-radio-1-s-this-week-indicate-that-gardaa-recorded-phone-conversations-with-t.md) _Context: police officer_
6. [Garda phone tapping scandal:Martin Callinan resigns as Commissioner of Ireland's Garda Siochana (national police) over his "disgusting" comment about whistleblowers made to a parliamentary committee. Callinan had also been involved in controversy over the recent surveillance/bugging of GSOC. ](/news/2014/03/25/garda-phone-tapping-scandal-pmartin-callinan-resigns-as-commissioner-of-ireland-s-garda-saocha-na-national-police-over-his-disgusting-c.md) _Context: police officer_
7. [Football Against Racism in Europe (FARE), a pan-European anti-racism group, reports England's football fans to FIFA over racist chants roared throughout last Friday's World Cup qualifying match in San Marino. Among the chants were songs referring to the IRA and Second World War and a ditty calling for Anton and Rio Ferdinand to be tossed on a bonfire. England face a heavy fine as punishment and the prospect of further sanctions, such as playing qualifiers behind closed doors. ](/news/2013/03/28/football-against-racism-in-europe-fare-a-pan-european-anti-racism-group-reports-england-s-football-fans-to-fifa-over-racist-chants-roare.md) _Context: IRA_
8. [A detective in the Irish police force is shot dead in an attempted robbery near Dundalk, County Louth. ](/news/2013/01/25/a-detective-in-the-irish-police-force-is-shot-dead-in-an-attempted-robbery-near-dundalk-county-louth.md) _Context: police officer_
9. [Irish politician Joan Collins names crime journalist Paul Williams and sports star Ronan O'Gara under Dail privilege as being among those to benefit from having their penalty points for traffic offences cancelled by the Garda Siochana. Justice Minister Alan Shatter calls Collins's action a "total disgrace" and she is reported to a Leinster House watchdog called the Dail Committee on Procedure and Privileges. ](/news/2012/12/12/irish-politician-joan-collins-names-crime-journalist-paul-williams-and-sports-star-ronan-o-gara-under-da-il-privilege-as-being-among-those-t.md) _Context: police officer_
10. [In Dublin, dozens of complaints are made about the "heavy-handed" tactics of "excessive force" deployed by gardai following last week's nationwide student demonstration against a government-proposed fee increase, the largest such demonstration in a generation. ](/news/2010/11/9/in-dublin-dozens-of-complaints-are-made-about-the-heavy-handed-tactics-of-excessive-force-deployed-by-gardaa-following-last-week-s-nat.md) _Context: police officer_
