### [2013-12-3](/news/2013/12/3/index.md)

# Researchers at Albert Einstein College of Medicine at Yeshiva University in New York City have found that a modified version of the leukemia treatment radioimmunotherapy can kill latent HIV cells, possibly providing a cure for one of the world's deadliest diseases. 

A radioactive smart bomb might help mop up the last bits of AIDS virus hiding out in a patient’s body, even getting into the brain, researchers reported Tuesday.The approach is part of a new effort to try to cure AIDS. After 30 years of fighting the deadly and incurable virus, scientists think they may be able to find a way to really kill it.


### Source:

1. [NBC](http://www.nbcnews.com/health/targeted-radioactive-bomb-might-clean-out-aids-virus-study-finds-2D11689347)

### Related:

1. [ A strain of HIV, known to be highly drug-resistant, is discovered in a New York City individual. Further alarming health officials is that the onset of AIDS began within a few months of his diagnosis, a process which ordinarily takes over ten years.  The patient is known to have frequently taken methamphetamine, a mutagen.  ](/news/2005/02/12/a-strain-of-hiv-known-to-be-highly-drug-resistant-is-discovered-in-a-new-york-city-individual-further-alarming-health-officials-is-that.md) _Context: HIV, New York City_
2. [An automobile crashes into pedestrians in New York City's Times Square, killing one person and injuring several others. Police are investigating the incident as an accident. ](/news/2017/05/18/an-automobile-crashes-into-pedestrians-in-new-york-city-s-times-square-killing-one-person-and-injuring-several-others-police-are-investiga.md) _Context: New York City_
3. [Amtrak Police taser a man at New York's Penn Station after the man allegedly became agitated due to a delayed train. Bystanders, falsely believing a shooting had occurred, caused a stampede, injuring more than a dozen people. ](/news/2017/04/14/amtrak-police-taser-a-man-at-new-york-s-penn-station-after-the-man-allegedly-became-agitated-due-to-a-delayed-train-bystanders-falsely-bel.md) _Context: New York City_
4. [New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio announces that he is developing a plan to close the Rikers Island prison within 10 years. ](/news/2017/03/31/new-york-city-mayor-bill-de-blasio-announces-that-he-is-developing-a-plan-to-close-the-rikers-island-prison-within-10-years.md) _Context: New York City_
5. [Russia's Permanent Representative to the United Nations Vitaly Churkin dies suddenly in New York City. He would have turned 65 on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/02/20/russia-s-permanent-representative-to-the-united-nations-vitaly-churkin-dies-suddenly-in-new-york-city-he-would-have-turned-65-on-tuesday.md) _Context: New York City_
6. [Authorities seek three men after they rob $6 million on New Year's Eve from the offices of high-end jewelry designer Gregg Ruth in New York City. ](/news/2017/01/1/authorities-seek-three-men-after-they-rob-6-million-on-new-year-s-eve-from-the-offices-of-high-end-jewelry-designer-gregg-ruth-in-new-york.md) _Context: New York City_
7. [Protests against American president-elect Donald Trump continue in his hometown New York City. ](/news/2016/11/12/protests-against-american-president-elect-donald-trump-continue-in-his-hometown-new-york-city.md) _Context: New York City_
8. [Protests and riots against president-elect Donald Trump take place in Portland, Los Angeles, New York City, and Atlanta, leading to the arrests of over 225 people. ](/news/2016/11/11/protests-and-riots-against-president-elect-donald-trump-take-place-in-portland-los-angeles-new-york-city-and-atlanta-leading-to-the-arre.md) _Context: New York City_
9. [The New York City Metropolitan Opera cancels its Saturday performances as a man,  during an afternoon intermission, sprinkled an unidentified powder, suspected to be cremated ashes, into the orchestra pit. One person was exposed and requested medical attention.  ](/news/2016/10/29/the-new-york-city-metropolitan-opera-cancels-its-saturday-performances-as-a-man-during-an-afternoon-intermission-sprinkled-an-unidentifie.md) _Context: New York City_
10. [ A research team led by an evolutionary biologist at the University of Arizona publishes a paper in ''Nature'' on the genetic history of HIV proving that Gaetan Dugas, the Canadian flight attendant who had been identified for years as "Patient Zero" of the AIDS epidemic in the U.S., did not spread the virus to the country. The study indicates that HIV first spread to the U.S. from the Caribbean around 1970. ](/news/2016/10/26/a-research-team-led-by-an-evolutionary-biologist-at-the-university-of-arizona-publishes-a-paper-in-nature-on-the-genetic-history-of-hiv.md) _Context: HIV_
