### [2013-12-3](/news/2013/12/3/index.md)

# Romanian President Traian Basescu sparks a new crisis by refusing to sign the country's IMF accord and threatens Prime Minister Victor Ponta's government with rejecting the national budget, blocking important indexations of salaries and pensions for the following year, over an ongoing political feud between the two leaders. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2013-12-03/romania-imf-accord-frozen-over-political-dispute-on-fuel-tax.html)

### Related:

1. [ President of Romania Traian Basescu nominates Emil Boc, President of the Democratic Liberal Party, as Prime Minister. ](/news/2008/12/15/president-of-romania-traian-basescu-nominates-emil-boc-president-of-the-democratic-liberal-party-as-prime-minister.md) _Context: President, Prime Minister, Romania, Traian Basescu_
2. [Romanian President Klaus Iohannis designates social-democrat Sorin Grindeanu as the country's new prime minister, after the victory of the centre-left PSD earlier this month. ](/news/2016/12/30/romanian-president-klaus-iohannis-designates-social-democrat-sorin-grindeanu-as-the-country-s-new-prime-minister-after-the-victory-of-the-c.md) _Context: President, Prime Minister, Romania_
3. [Romania's National Anticorruption Directorate announces that it is investigating the Prime Minister Victor Ponta for alleged money laundering, forgery and corruption. Ponta denies the allegations and is refusing to stand down. ](/news/2015/06/5/romania-s-national-anticorruption-directorate-announces-that-it-is-investigating-the-prime-minister-victor-ponta-for-alleged-money-launderin.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Romania, Victor Ponta_
4. [More than 18 million Romanians are expected to go to the polls to choose their president in one of the most important elections since the 1989 revolution. "[http://english.hotnews.ro/stiri-top_news-18434801-romania-heads-first-round-presidential-elections-key-moment-for-democracy-and-state-law.htm (HotNews.ro)]" "[http://www.euractiv.com/sections/elections/romanians-elect-new-president-atmosphere-scandal-309682 (EurActiv)]"Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta, from the rulling PSD, and the ethnic German mayor of Sibiu Klaus Iohannis, from the opposition ACL electoral alliance, will face a November 16 runoff, with the incumbent Social democrat premier favored to win. "[http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-29874030 (BBC)]" ](/news/2014/11/2/more-than-18-million-romanians-are-expected-to-go-to-the-polls-to-choose-their-president-in-one-of-the-most-important-elections-since-the-19.md) _Context: President, Prime Minister, Victor Ponta_
5. [Voters in Romania go to the polls for the second round of the presidential election with Klaus Iohannis scoring an upset victory over current Prime Minister Victor Ponta. ](/news/2014/11/16/voters-in-romania-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-the-presidential-election-with-klaus-iohannis-scoring-an-upset-victory-over-curren.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Romania, Victor Ponta_
6. [Romanian President Traian Basescu denies any implication in his brother's graft case in which he is charged with receiving 250,000 euros in order to facilitate the release of a well-known incarcerated mobster. Hours after the president's press conference, his brother, Mircea, was arrested for 24h.](/news/2014/06/19/romanian-president-traian-basescu-denies-any-implication-in-his-brother-s-graft-case-in-which-he-is-charged-with-receiving-250-000-euros-in.md) _Context: President, Romania, Traian Basescu_
7. [Chinese Premier Li Keqiang, arrives in Bucharest, Romania, to attend the China-Central and Eastern Europe (CEE) leaders' meeting as a guest of Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta. ](/news/2013/11/25/chinese-premier-li-keqiang-arrives-in-bucharest-romania-to-attend-the-china-central-and-eastern-europe-cee-leadersa-meeting-as-a-gues.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Romania, Victor Ponta_
8. [Voters in Romania go to the polls for parliamentary elections with the governing Social Liberal Union led by Prime Minister Victor Ponta winning by a landslide majority in both the Chamber of Deputies and the Senate. ](/news/2012/12/9/voters-in-romania-go-to-the-polls-for-parliamentary-elections-with-the-governing-social-liberal-union-led-by-prime-minister-victor-ponta-win.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Romania, Victor Ponta_
9. [After seven months in office and a decisive victory in the elections, Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta and his cabinet receive the vote of confidence from Parliament with 402 votes in favor and 120 against. ](/news/2012/12/21/after-seven-months-in-office-and-a-decisive-victory-in-the-elections-romanian-prime-minister-victor-ponta-and-his-cabinet-receive-the-vote.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Romania, Victor Ponta_
10. [The President of Romania nominates current Prime Minister Victor Ponta of the Social Liberal Union to form a new government after the parliamentary election held earlier this month. ](/news/2012/12/17/the-president-of-romania-nominates-current-prime-minister-victor-ponta-of-the-social-liberal-union-to-form-a-new-government-after-the-parlia.md) _Context: President, Prime Minister, Victor Ponta_
