### [2013-04-25](/news/2013/04/25/index.md)

# The George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas, Texas, is dedicated in the presence of President of the United States Barack Obama, former president George W. Bush and all living former presidents. The complex will be opened to the public on May 1. 

Presidential libraries offer former leaders the opportunity to influence the way their legacies are perceived


### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57581293/george-w-bushs-library-offers-his-side-of-the-story/)
1. [Cover Image](http://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/2013/04/24/6d86daef-c412-11e2-a43e-02911869d855/167315164_10.jpg)

### Related:

1. [A US Appeals Court rules that President Barack Obama will not be able to implement his executive action on immigration while it is being challenged by Texas and 25 other states. ](/news/2015/05/26/a-us-appeals-court-rules-that-president-barack-obama-will-not-be-able-to-implement-his-executive-action-on-immigration-while-it-is-being-cha.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Texas, U.S. President_
2. [U.S. news magazine "Time" selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those-of.md) _Context: Barack Obama, George W. Bush, U.S. President_
3. [A Saudi Arabian student is arrested in Texas for allegedly planning a terrorist attack against the Dallas home of former President of the United States George W. Bush as a target as well as New York City and dams in California and Colorado. ](/news/2011/02/24/a-saudi-arabian-student-is-arrested-in-texas-for-allegedly-planning-a-terrorist-attack-against-the-dallas-home-of-former-president-of-the-un.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Texas, U.S. President_
4. [The President of the United States Barack Obama says that a deal has been reached with the Republican Party to extend the Bush era tax cuts. ](/news/2010/12/6/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-says-that-a-deal-has-been-reached-with-the-republican-party-to-extend-the-bush-era-tax-cuts.md) _Context: Barack Obama, George W. Bush, U.S. President_
5. [ U.S. President Barack Obama lifts George W. Bush's restrictions on embryonic stem cell research. ](/news/2009/03/9/u-s-president-barack-obama-lifts-george-w-bush-s-restrictions-on-embryonic-stem-cell-research.md) _Context: Barack Obama, George W. Bush, U.S. President_
6. [ President George W. Bush bids farewell to the United States in a 15-minute televised address, during which he touted his record and warned his successor, Barack Obama, to maintain an aggressive stance against terrorism. ](/news/2009/01/15/president-george-w-bush-bids-farewell-to-the-united-states-in-a-15-minute-televised-address-during-which-he-touted-his-record-and-warned.md) _Context: Barack Obama, George W. Bush, U.S. President_
7. [ U.S. President George W. Bush praises the Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon for his ""courageous initiative"" to pull all Israeli settlements out of the Gaza Strip, however Bush also told Sharon not to expand other existing settlements. The two leaders met in Texas, USA. ](/news/2005/04/11/u-s-president-george-w-bush-praises-the-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-for-his-courageous-initiative-to-pull-all-israeli-settlem.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Texas, U.S. President_
8. [ U.S. President George W. Bush's hometown newspaper, the Crawford, Texas, "Lone Star Iconoclast", endorses Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry. The editorial column asked Texan voters "not to rate the candidate by his hometown.&nbsp;.&nbsp;. but instead by where he intends to take the country." In the last election, the paper endorsed Bush. ](/news/2004/09/28/u-s-president-george-w-bush-s-hometown-newspaper-the-crawford-texas-lone-star-iconoclast-endorses-democratic-presidential-candidate.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Texas, U.S. President_
9. [ Texas Governor George W. Bush announces his intention to seek the Republican Party's nomination for President of the United States.](/news/1999/06/12/texas-governor-george-w-bush-announces-his-intention-to-seek-the-republican-party-s-nomination-for-president-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Texas, U.S. President_
10. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Barack Obama, U.S. President_
