### [2013-01-29](/news/2013/01/29/index.md)

# According to a report in ''Sports Illustrated'', Baltimore Ravens linebacker Ray Lewis used the supplement deer-antler spray (containing a dilute solution of IGF-1 which has been banned by the NFL) to aid his recovery from a torn triceps. Lewis has denied using the substance. The report also alleges that members of the Alabama Crimson Tide used the substance before the 2012 BCS National Championship Game against the LSU Tigers. 




### Source:

1. [Sports Illustrated](http://sportsillustrated.cnn.com/nfl/news/20130129/the-strange-lab-that-lured-numerous-athletes/)

### Related:

1. [In American football, the NFL's San Francisco 49ers and the Baltimore Ravens win the NFC and AFC championship games, respectively, to advance to Super Bowl XLVII. The game will be the first time in NFL history that two brothers - Jim Harbaugh of the 49ers and John Harbaugh of the Ravens - have been opposing head coaches in the Super Bowl. ](/news/2013/01/20/in-american-football-the-nfl-s-san-francisco-49ers-and-the-baltimore-ravens-win-the-nfc-and-afc-championship-games-respectively-to-advanc.md) _Context: Baltimore Ravens, National Football League_
2. [American football linebacker Ray Lewis announces he will retire at the end of the 2012 NFL season. ](/news/2013/01/2/american-football-linebacker-ray-lewis-announces-he-will-retire-at-the-end-of-the-2012-nfl-season.md) _Context: Ray Lewis, linebacker_
3. [Researchers confirm that deceased NFL linebacker Junior Seau's suicide was brought on by chronic traumatic encephalopathy. ](/news/2013/01/10/researchers-confirm-that-deceased-nfl-linebacker-junior-seau-s-suicide-was-brought-on-by-chronic-traumatic-encephalopathy.md) _Context: National Football League, linebacker_
4. [Former National Football League All-Pro and Pro Bowl linebacker Junior Seau is found dead in his home in Oceanside, California, of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot wound. ](/news/2012/05/2/former-national-football-league-all-pro-and-pro-bowl-linebacker-junior-seau-is-found-dead-in-his-home-in-oceanside-california-of-an-appare.md) _Context: National Football League, linebacker_
5. [Ex National Football League player Darren Sharper is sentenced to 20 years in prison for drugging and raping two women in the American city of Los Angeles, California. Sharper has been accused of attacking a dozen women across the United States. ](/news/2016/11/29/ex-national-football-league-player-darren-sharper-is-sentenced-to-20-years-in-prison-for-drugging-and-raping-two-women-in-the-american-city.md) _Context: National Football League_
6. [U.S. District Judge Jane Triche Milazzo sentences former NFL player Darren Sharper to 18 years in prison in rape and drugging case involving as many as 16 women in several U.S. states. ](/news/2016/08/18/u-s-district-judge-jane-triche-milazzo-sentences-former-nfl-player-darren-sharper-to-18-years-in-prison-in-rape-and-drugging-case-involving.md) _Context: National Football League_
7. [Attorneys for 80-year old American pro football legend and Hall of Famer Paul Hornung, who has dementia, sue Riddell sports equipment manufacturer, stating its helmets failed to protect Hornung from brain injury. The suit says Hornung suffered multiple concussions as a player and his neurodegenerative disease has been linked to repetitive head trauma. ](/news/2016/07/7/attorneys-for-80-year-old-american-pro-football-legend-and-hall-of-famer-paul-hornung-who-has-dementia-sue-riddell-sports-equipment-manufa.md) _Context: National Football League_
8. [In American football, Twitter wins the bidding contest over Amazon, Verizon, and others, for streaming rights to 10 of 16 National Football League (NFL) regular season ''Thursday Night Football Games'', ones that will also be telecast by either CBS or NBC. The league streamed one game last year with Yahoo!. Verizon, meanwhile, already owns the mobile rights to all NFL games which are available to subscribers via a mobile app; the 10 NFL games on Twitter will be free. ](/news/2016/04/5/in-american-football-twitter-wins-the-bidding-contest-over-amazon-verizon-and-others-for-streaming-rights-to-10-of-16-national-football.md) _Context: National Football League_
9. [In American football, the National Football League starts its draft for the 2016 NFL season with the Los Angeles Rams choosing Jared Goff with the first pick. ](/news/2016/04/28/in-american-football-the-national-football-league-starts-its-draft-for-the-2016-nfl-season-with-the-los-angeles-rams-choosing-jared-goff-wi.md) _Context: National Football League_
10. [American football quarterback Peyton Manning retires after eighteen seasons in the National Football League with two Super Bowl championships, five MVP awards, and single-season and career league records for most passing yards and touchdown passes. ](/news/2016/03/7/american-football-quarterback-peyton-manning-retires-after-eighteen-seasons-in-the-national-football-league-with-two-super-bowl-championship.md) _Context: National Football League_
