### [2013-01-29](/news/2013/01/29/index.md)

# The United States Senate confirms John Kerry to become United States Secretary of State by a vote of 94-3. Kerry succeeds outgoing Secretary Hillary Clinton on February 1. 




### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/post-politics/wp/2013/01/29/john-kerry-confirmed-as-secretary-of-state/)

### Related:

1. [ The United States Senate confirms Hillary Clinton as Secretary of State. ](/news/2009/01/21/the-united-states-senate-confirms-hillary-clinton-as-secretary-of-state.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, United States, United States Secretary of State, United States Senate_
2. [ The United States Senate Foreign Relations Committee begins confirmation hearings for Hillary Clinton's nomination as Secretary of State. ](/news/2009/01/13/the-united-states-senate-foreign-relations-committee-begins-confirmation-hearings-for-hillary-clinton-s-nomination-as-secretary-of-state.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, United States, United States Secretary of State, United States Senate_
3. [The Foreign Minister of Iran Mohammad Javad Zarif says that the country's missile program would not be up for discussion. This comes as United States Secretary of State John Kerry said last Thursday that the United States and its allies would only address Iran's concerns in the region if it makes it clear to all involved that it was prepared to cease provocative ballistic missile launches and tests. ](/news/2016/04/10/the-foreign-minister-of-iran-mohammad-javad-zarif-says-that-the-country-s-missile-program-would-not-be-up-for-discussion-this-comes-as-unit.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States, United States Secretary of State_
4. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry holds a meeting with leaders of FARC in a sign of encouragement in ending Colombia's half-century old conflict. ](/news/2016/03/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-holds-a-meeting-with-leaders-of-farc-in-a-sign-of-encouragement-in-ending-colombia-s-half-century-old-con.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States, United States Secretary of State_
5. [Russia-United States relations,  U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry leaves for Moscow for talks on Syria and Ukraine with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on  Wednesday. Kerry is also  expected to discuss the case of Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko,  who today was sentenced to 22 years in prison in the city of Donetsk. ](/news/2016/03/22/russiaaunited-states-relations-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-leaves-for-moscow-for-talks-on-syria-and-ukraine-with-russian-presiden.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States, United States Secretary of State_
6. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry says that the United States will accept 85,000 refugees from the world in 2016, up from this year's 70,000 refugees, and will increase to 100,000 refugees in 2017. ](/news/2015/09/20/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-says-that-the-united-states-will-accept-85-000-refugees-from-the-world-in-2016-up-from-this-year-s-70-00.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States, United States Secretary of State_
7. [Democrat Ed Markey defeats Republican Gabriel E. Gomez in a Massachusetts special election to elect a senator to finish John Kerry's term. Kerry resigned in February to become Secretary of State.](/news/2013/06/25/democrat-ed-markey-defeats-republican-gabriel-e-gomez-in-a-massachusetts-special-election-to-elect-a-senator-to-finish-john-kerry-s-term-k.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States Secretary of State, United States Senate_
8. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah and urges him to restart peace talks, before holding talks with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ](/news/2013/04/8/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-ramallah-and-urges-him-to-restart-peace-t.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States, United States Secretary of State_
9. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry arrives in Turkey, where he is to have talks addressing relations with Israel and the conflict in Syria. ](/news/2013/04/7/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-arrives-in-turkey-where-he-is-to-have-talks-addressing-relations-with-israel-and-the-conflict-i.md) _Context: John Kerry, United States, United States Secretary of State_
10. [Former United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton officially announces her support for same-sex marriage. ](/news/2013/03/18/former-united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-officially-announces-her-support-for-same-sex-marriage.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, United States, United States Secretary of State_
