### [2013-01-29](/news/2013/01/29/index.md)

# UK government plans to redraw constituency boundaries before the next general election are defeated in the House of Commons by 334 to 292. 

Government plans to redraw constituency boundaries before 2015, which split Tories and Lib Dems, are defeated in the House of Commons.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-21235169)

### Related:

1. [Former UK government Minister Chris Huhne pleads guilty to perverting the course of justice over claims he caused his ex-wife to accept speeding points he had incurred. He also announces his intention to resign his House of Commons seat. ](/news/2013/02/4/former-uk-government-minister-chris-huhne-pleads-guilty-to-perverting-the-course-of-justice-over-claims-he-caused-his-ex-wife-to-accept-spee.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, House of Commons_
2. [The UK government is defeated in the House of Commons over its negotiating position on the EU budget, with MPs calling for a cut in spending. ](/news/2012/10/31/the-uk-government-is-defeated-in-the-house-of-commons-over-its-negotiating-position-on-the-eu-budget-with-mps-calling-for-a-cut-in-spending.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, House of Commons_
3. [The Scottish Government announces that it plans to hold the referendum on Scottish independence in the autumn of 2014, but Secretary of State for Scotland Michael Moore tells the House of Commons that the power to hold a referendum is "reserved" to Westminster. ](/news/2012/01/10/the-scottish-government-announces-that-it-plans-to-hold-the-referendum-on-scottish-independence-in-the-autumn-of-2014-but-secretary-of-stat.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, House of Commons_
4. [The United Kingdom Boundaries Commission publishes proposals to redraw constituency boundaries in England and Northern Ireland to reduce the number of MPs in the House of Commons from 650 to 600 at the next general election. Proposals for Scotland and Wales will be announced later. ](/news/2011/09/13/the-united-kingdom-boundaries-commission-publishes-proposals-to-redraw-constituency-boundaries-in-england-and-northern-ireland-to-reduce-the.md) _Context: House of Commons, redraw constituency boundaries_
5. [United Kingdom-United States relations. "The Guardian" reports that U.S. President Donald Trump has postponed his visit to the United Kingdom, according to a U.K. adviser who said Mr. Trump recently telephoned 10 Downing Street with this information. Both Prime Minister Theresa May's office and the White House deny this report. ](/news/2017/06/11/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-the-guardian-reports-that-u-s-president-donald-trump-has-postponed-his-visit-to-the-united-king.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street_
6. [Citing security concerns because of recent terrorist activity, the American and British governments impose a ban affecting inbound-passengers flying from much of the Middle East and North Africa. The ban includes airplane cabin passenger-accessible items such as laptops, tablets, and other electronic devices which are larger than a smartphone. Larger such electronic devices will still be allowed on board in checked baggage which is thus more closely screened and passenger-inaccessible. ](/news/2017/03/21/citing-security-concerns-because-of-recent-terrorist-activity-the-american-and-british-governments-impose-a-ban-affecting-inbound-passenger.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street_
7. [United Kingdom-United States relations. A petition, launched Sunday to cancel U.S. President Donald Trump's state visit to the United Kingdom later this year, tops 1 million signatures, passing the threshold for British Parliament debate. A British government spokesman says the state visit is going ahead as planned. ](/news/2017/01/30/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-a-petition-launched-sunday-to-cancel-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-state-visit-to-the-united-king.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street_
8. [R (Miller) v Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union. The Supreme Court of the United Kingdom rules that the Government of the United Kingdom may not begin the formal Brexit process until Parliament votes in approval of the move. ](/news/2017/01/24/r-miller-v-secretary-of-state-for-exiting-the-european-union-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-kingdom-rules-that-the-government-of-the-uni.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street_
9. [Brexit aftermath. There is no plan for Brexit, according to a critical leaked memo from the consulting firm Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited. The document indicates Whitehall is working on 500 Brexit-related projects. Both Deloitte and the British Government confirm the document is an internal working document from Deloitte that was compiled without government approval or assistance. ](/news/2016/11/15/brexit-aftermath-there-is-no-plan-for-brexit-according-to-a-critical-leaked-memo-from-the-consulting-firm-deloitte-touche-tohmatsu-limited.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street_
10. [United States presidential election, 2016. On January 18, 2016, the British Parliament will debate a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the United Kingdom because of 'hate speech' that is unacceptable behavior, non-conducive to the public good. The conclusion reached by the lawmakers will not be binding on the UK government. ](/news/2016/01/5/united-states-presidential-election-2016-on-january-18-2016-the-british-parliament-will-debate-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-p.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street_
