### [2005-11-2](/news/2005/11/2/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: An Israel Defense Forces soldier is seriously wounded and later dies of his wounds in an overnight arrest raids near the West Bank town of Jenin. 

IDF soldier seriously wounded in exchanges of fire with wanted Palestinian terror suspects, dies of his wounds on way to hospital; Army conducts successful arrest raids overnight in Jenin, Ramallah areas; three Islamic Jihad terrorists apprehended


### Source:

1. [Ynetnews](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3162980,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu mulls withdrawing IDF forces from parts of the West Bank and handing over full security control to the Palestinian Authority to demonstrate an Israeli diplomatic initiative that would block a possible "diplomatic tsunami" that could follow international recognition of a Palestinian state. ](/news/2011/04/12/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-mulls-withdrawing-idf-forces-from-parts-of-the-west-bank-and-handing-over-full-security-control-to.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The IDF killed Elias al-Ashkar, the senior Islamic Jihad commander in the Jenin area who was accused of planning several suicide attacks that killed nearly 30 people, including US high-school student Daniel Wultz. Six other Palestinians were also killed. ](/news/2006/05/14/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-the-idf-killed-elias-al-ashkar-the-senior-islamic-jihad-commander-in-the-jenin-area-who-was-accused-of-plan.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jenin_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: 3 Palestinian militants die following an Israeli attack in the West Bank city of Jenin. ](/news/2005/10/31/israeli-palestinian-conflict-3-palestinian-militants-die-following-an-israeli-attack-in-the-west-bank-city-of-jenin.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jenin, West Bank_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli troops raid the Palestinian town of Jenin, in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/10/27/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-israeli-troops-raid-the-palestinian-town-of-jenin-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jenin, West Bank_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A leader of Islamic Jihad is killed in a shoot-out following an Israeli raid into the West Bank town of Jenin. ](/news/2005/10/16/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-a-leader-of-islamic-jihad-is-killed-in-a-shoot-out-following-an-israeli-raid-into-the-west-bank-town-of-jeni.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jenin, West Bank_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220914.stm (BBC)] [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/621804.html (Haaretz)] The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220300.stm (BBC)], [http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)] The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the "internal conflict" at the Likud party. ([http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue.  IDF planes and artillery strike Gaza knocking out power to parts of the city, destroy a bridge in Beit Hanoun, fire missiles at a Fatah Youth Centre, an office and a refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip. Israeli troops later raided offices of Hamas and Islamic Jihad in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-idf-planes-and-artillery-strike-gaza-knocking-out-power-to.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue.  The Israel Defense Forces strikes three bridges in the Gaza Strip and a money-changer in Khan Younis, while a further 82 people were arrested in the West Bank. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4285490.stm (BBC)], [http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L27659513.htm (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 22:31, 14 January 2007 (UTC)), [http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/B6F73DEB-7DDD-4EFC-BDCA-FA695BDF2ABE.htm (Al Jazeera)], [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/629780.html (Haaretz)] (Link dead as of 22:31, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/09/27/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-the-israel-defense-forces-strikes-three-bridges-in-the-gaz.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: The Israeli Defense Force launches Operation First Rain, a series of air strikes on Palestinian targets in the Gaza Strip, including an alleged Hamas weapons factory and a children's school. According to Israel the operation's goal is to stop shelling of southern Israeli towns and villages by Palestinian militants, though several civilians have been injured, including an infant. At least 200 Palestinians have been arrested in overnight IDF raids in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-the-israeli-defense-force-launches-operation-first-rain-a-series-of-air-strikes-on-palestinian-targets-in-t.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: The Israeli Military stations troops and artillery on the edge of Gaza and seals the borders of the Gaza Strip and West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/24/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-the-israeli-military-stations-troops-and-artillery-on-the-edge-of-gaza-and-seals-the-borders-of-the-gaza-str.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
