### [2005-11-2](/news/2005/11/2/index.md)

#  "The Washington Post" reports that the Central Intelligence Agency has been operating, perhaps as illegally, a covert network of "black site" prisons for terrorist suspects in eight foreign countries, including Afghanistan, Thailand, and several Eastern European democracies for the last four years, with little or no oversight from the United States Congress. 




### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2005/11/01/AR2005110101644.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://media3.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/images/twp-50x50.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Khalid El-Masri, a German citizen, was an innocent victim of extraordinary rendition by the Central Intelligence Agency and orders Macedonia to pay him EUR60,000 after it arrested him and sent him to the CIA. CIA agents then transferred him to a detention facility in Afghanistan. ](/news/2012/12/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-khalid-el-masri-a-german-citizen-was-an-innocent-victim-of-extraordinary-rendition-by-the-ce.md) _Context: Afghanistan, CIA_
2. [U.S. Secretary of State Clinton notifies Congress of her intent to include the Haqqani network on the government's terror list. An attache at the Embassy of Pakistan in Washington dismisses the decision as an "internal matter" of the United States and reaffirms Pakistan's commitment to "combating extremism and terrorism." Haqqani senior commanders say the decision will not help in bringing peace to Afghanistan. ](/news/2012/09/7/u-s-secretary-of-state-clinton-notifies-congress-of-her-intent-to-include-the-haqqani-network-on-the-government-s-terror-list-an-attacha-c.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Congress_
3. ["The Washington Post" reports that U.S. special operations personnel temporarily halt the training of all Afghan army and police recruits while a full background check of 27,000 people is ongoing. 45 NATO troops have been killed this year in so-called green-on-blue attacks. ](/news/2012/09/2/the-washington-post-reports-that-u-s-special-operations-personnel-temporarily-halt-the-training-of-all-afghan-army-and-police-recruits-wh.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Washington Post_
4. [An investigation by the Associated Press and German media uncovers a secret prison suspected of having been operated by the Central Intelligence Agency in Bucharest, Romania. ](/news/2011/12/8/an-investigation-by-the-associated-press-and-german-media-uncovers-a-secret-prison-suspected-of-having-been-operated-by-the-central-intellig.md) _Context: CIA, black site_
5. [Gunfire is reported at a Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) compound in the Afghan capital Kabul. ](/news/2011/09/25/gunfire-is-reported-at-a-central-intelligence-agency-cia-compound-in-the-afghan-capital-kabul.md) _Context: Afghanistan, CIA_
6. [CNN reports that the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) will show the photos of the dead body of Osama bin Laden to members of the United States Congress military and intelligence committees. ](/news/2011/05/10/cnn-reports-that-the-central-intelligence-agency-cia-will-show-the-photos-of-the-dead-body-of-osama-bin-laden-to-members-of-the-united-sta.md) _Context: CIA, Congress_
7. [CIA director Leon Panetta reveals Jordanian double agent Humam Khalil Abu-Mulal al-Balawi was not properly vetted before his suicide attack on the CIA's Forward Operating Base Chapman in Afghanistan. ](/news/2010/10/19/cia-director-leon-panetta-reveals-jordanian-double-agent-humam-khalil-abu-mulal-al-balawi-was-not-properly-vetted-before-his-suicide-attack.md) _Context: Afghanistan, CIA_
8. ["The New York Times" claims that Mohammed Zia Salehi, an official of Afghanistan's Karzai administration accused of graft is on the United States Central Intelligence Agency payroll. ](/news/2010/08/26/the-new-york-times-claims-that-mohammed-zia-salehi-an-official-of-afghanistan-s-karzai-administration-accused-of-graft-is-on-the-united-s.md) _Context: Afghanistan, CIA_
9. [Internal e-mails reveal Porter Goss, a former head of the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), agreed with a decision to destroy hundreds of tapes purportedly showing agents waterboarding two al-Qaeda suspects being held in Thailand in 2002 over fears that public release of the tapes would be "devastating". ](/news/2010/04/17/internal-e-mails-reveal-porter-goss-a-former-head-of-the-u-s-central-intelligence-agency-cia-agreed-with-a-decision-to-destroy-hundreds.md) _Context: CIA, Thailand_
10. [American media report that the attacker who killed eight people at a CIA base in Afghanistan was a Jordanian triple agent. ](/news/2010/01/4/american-media-report-that-the-attacker-who-killed-eight-people-at-a-cia-base-in-afghanistan-was-a-jordanian-triple-agent.md) _Context: Afghanistan, CIA_
