### [2007-01-5](/news/2007/01/5/index.md)

#  Alexander Litvinenko poisoning: Traces of polonium-210 have been found in a second restaurant in London. The Health Protection Agency had been monitoring the establishment in connection with the Alexander Litvinenko assassination. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/6234855.stm)

### Related:

1. [ The Foreign Office of the British Government submits a formal request to the Russian Government for the extradition of ex-KGB agent Andrei Lugovoi to face charges over the murder of his former colleague Alexander Litvinenko in London. ](/news/2007/05/28/the-foreign-office-of-the-british-government-submits-a-formal-request-to-the-russian-government-for-the-extradition-of-ex-kgb-agent-andrei.md) _Context: Alexander Litvinenko, London, murder of Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko_
2. [ Suspected assassination plot: Alexander Litvinenko, a former Russian spy who defected to Britain six years ago, is fighting for his life in a London hospital after being poisoned with polonium-210 in a sushi bar. ](/news/2006/11/19/suspected-assassination-plot-alexander-litvinenko-a-former-russian-spy-who-defected-to-britain-six-years-ago-is-fighting-for-his-life-in.md) _Context: Alexander Litvinenko, London, polonium-210_
3. [ Louise Christian, the lawyer for Alexander Litvinenko's wife, reveals that the polonium-210 that killed him probably came from a Russian nuclear plant. ](/news/2007/11/23/louise-christian-the-lawyer-for-alexander-litvinenko-s-wife-reveals-that-the-polonium-210-that-killed-him-probably-came-from-a-russian-nu.md) _Context: Alexander Litvinenko, polonium-210_
4. [ Andrei Lugovoy, the former KGB agent accused by British authorities of murdering Alexander Litvinenko with a radioactive isotope in London last November, says he will run for parliament on the party list of the Liberal Democratic Party of Russia. ](/news/2007/09/16/andrei-lugovoy-the-former-kgb-agent-accused-by-british-authorities-of-murdering-alexander-litvinenko-with-a-radioactive-isotope-in-london.md) _Context: Alexander Litvinenko, London_
5. [ Boris Berezovsky tells the BBC that Alexander Litvinenko, on his deathbed, said that Andrei Lugovoi was responsible for his poisoning. ](/news/2007/02/5/boris-berezovsky-tells-the-bbc-that-alexander-litvinenko-on-his-deathbed-said-that-andrei-lugovoi-was-responsible-for-his-poisoning.md) _Context: Alexander Litvinenko, murder of Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko_
6. [ Yury Chaika, the Prosecutor General of Russia, has stated that Russia will not extradite any suspects in the radioactive poisoning death of Alexander Litvinenko. ](/news/2006/12/5/yury-chaika-the-prosecutor-general-of-russia-has-stated-that-russia-will-not-extradite-any-suspects-in-the-radioactive-poisoning-death-of.md) _Context: Alexander Litvinenko, murder of Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko_
7. [ London police are examining whether the killers of Alexander Litvinenko also tried to poison Mario Scaramella, an Italian security expert who met the Russian exile on the day that he fell ill. ](/news/2006/12/2/london-police-are-examining-whether-the-killers-of-alexander-litvinenko-also-tried-to-poison-mario-scaramella-an-italian-security-expert-w.md) _Context: Alexander Litvinenko, London_
8. [ Traces of polonium-210 are found in a flat in Hamburg, Germany, on objects touched by former Russian spy Dmitri Kovtun a day before he met poisoned ex-spy Alexander Litvinenko in London. ](/news/2006/12/11/traces-of-polonium-210-are-found-in-a-flat-in-hamburg-germany-on-objects-touched-by-former-russian-spy-dmitri-kovtun-a-day-before-he-met.md) _Context: Alexander Litvinenko, polonium-210_
9. [ Three British Airways planes are grounded in London and Moscow due to positive traces of radiation as the investigation into the death of Alexander Litvinenko widens. British Airways will attempt to contact the thousands of passengers who have travelled on the planes recently. ](/news/2006/11/29/three-british-airways-planes-are-grounded-in-london-and-moscow-due-to-positive-traces-of-radiation-as-the-investigation-into-the-death-of-a.md) _Context: Alexander Litvinenko, London_
10. [ Alexander Litvinenko, the Russian ex-spy poisoned in London last weekend, dies. He had previously been put on a ventilator after suffering a heart failure, while objects discovered in his body when he was x-rayed are not a "major concern", doctors say. ](/news/2006/11/23/alexander-litvinenko-the-russian-ex-spy-poisoned-in-london-last-weekend-dies-he-had-previously-been-put-on-a-ventilator-after-suffering.md) _Context: Alexander Litvinenko, London_
