### [2007-01-5](/news/2007/01/5/index.md)

#  United States President George W. Bush will nominate Zalmay Khalilzad, the U.S. ambassador to Iraq, to replace Alejandro Daniel Wolff as the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations. If Khalilzad is confirmed by the Senate, he will be the first Muslim to serve in the position, and he will continue to be the highest serving Muslim American official in the U.S. government. 




### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/news/washington/2007-01-04-un-ambassador_x.htm?csp=34)

### Related:

1. [ ''Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-pa.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Zalmay Khalilzad_
2. [ The Senate of the United States approves a funding measure for the War in Iraq calling for the staged withdrawal of forces. U.S. President George W. Bush responded by stating that his reaction to the bill will be to veto it. ](/news/2007/04/26/the-senate-of-the-united-states-approves-a-funding-measure-for-the-war-in-iraq-calling-for-the-staged-withdrawal-of-forces-u-s-president.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Senator_
3. [ United States President George W. Bush gives a speech proposing major immigration reform in the United States. ](/news/2006/05/15/united-states-president-george-w-bush-gives-a-speech-proposing-major-immigration-reform-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States President_
4. [ George W. Bush's nomination of John R. Bolton for U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations receives a serious setback when Ohio senator George Voinovich announces in committee that he cannot vote to endorse Bolton for this important diplomatic position. The Senate Foreign Relations Committee agrees to postpone a vote for at least one month while allegations that Bolton abused subordinates is investigated. ](/news/2005/04/19/george-w-bushas-nomination-of-john-r-bolton-for-u-s-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-receives-a-serious-setback-when-ohio-senator-geor.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. ambassador to the United Nations_
5. [ John R. Bolton is nominated by President George W. Bush to become the U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations. ](/news/2005/03/7/john-r-bolton-is-nominated-by-president-george-w-bush-to-become-the-u-s-ambassador-to-the-united-nations.md) _Context: George W. Bush, U.S. ambassador to the United Nations_
6. [Raytheon wins the dismissal of a USD$1 billion whistleblower lawsuit accusing the defense contractor of over billing the U.S. government on a contract for satellite sensors, nearly 18 months after the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit revived the case. ](/news/2017/08/3/raytheon-wins-the-dismissal-of-a-usd-1-billion-whistleblower-lawsuit-accusing-the-defense-contractor-of-over-billing-the-u-s-government-on.md) _Context: U.S. government_
7. [Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-president-donald-trump-who-is.md) _Context: United States President_
8. [The United States Senate rejects "repeal only" propositions of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. United States President Donald Trump lashes out at Republican Senator Lisa Murkowski, who voted against the proposal. ](/news/2017/07/26/the-united-states-senate-rejects-repeal-only-propositions-of-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-united-states-president-donal.md) _Context: United States President_
9. [President-elect Donald Trump names Tom Price as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services; former President George W. Bush Administration official and wife of Mitch McConnell Elaine Chao as United States Secretary of Transportation;  ](/news/2016/11/29/president-elect-donald-trump-names-tom-price-as-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-services-former-president-george-w-bush-admini.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
10. [Senator Ted Cruz, the runner-up in the race for the Republican Party nomination, is booed off stage after giving a speech and refusing to endorse Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/20/senator-ted-cruz-the-runner-up-in-the-race-for-the-republican-party-nomination-is-booed-off-stage-after-giving-a-speech-and-refusing-to-en.md) _Context: Senator_
