### [2016-12-12](/news/2016/12/12/index.md)

# Being forced into opposition a year earlier, by the resignation of Prime Minister Victor Ponta amid the Colectiv nightclub fire tragedy, the Social Democratic Party returns to government following a landslide victory in last Sunday's parliamentary elections. 




### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/12/11/world/europe/romania-election-social-democratic-party-psd.html)

### Related:

1. [Romanian President Klaus Iohannis designates social-democrat Sorin Grindeanu as the country's new prime minister, after the victory of the centre-left PSD earlier this month. ](/news/2016/12/30/romanian-president-klaus-iohannis-designates-social-democrat-sorin-grindeanu-as-the-country-s-new-prime-minister-after-the-victory-of-the-c.md) _Context: PSD, Prime Minister of Romania, earlier this month_
2. [Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta declares three days of national mourning. ](/news/2015/10/31/romanian-prime-minister-victor-ponta-declares-three-days-of-national-mourning.md) _Context: Colectiv nightclub fire, Prime Minister of Romania, Victor Ponta_
3. [Romanian presidential election, 2014:More than 18 million Romanians are expected to go to the polls to choose their president in one of the most important elections since the 1989 revolution. ''[http://english.hotnews.ro/stiri-top_news-18434801-romania-heads-first-round-presidential-elections-key-moment-for-democracy-and-state-law.htm (HotNews.ro)]'' ''[http://www.euractiv.com/sections/elections/romanians-elect-new-president-atmosphere-scandal-309682 (EurActiv)]''Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta, from the rulling PSD, and the ethnic German mayor of Sibiu Klaus Iohannis, from the opposition ACL electoral alliance, will face a November 16 runoff, with the incumbent Social democrat premier favored to win. ''[http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-29874030 (BBC)]''   ](/news/2014/11/2/romanian-presidential-election-2014-pmore-than-18-million-romanians-are-expected-to-go-to-the-polls-to-choose-their-president-in-one-of-the.md) _Context: PSD, Prime Minister of Romania, Victor Ponta_
4. [Romania's centre-left Social Democratic Party won 45% of the seats in both houses of parliament  in Sunday's election, and with the expected participation of the liberal centre-right Alliance of Liberals and Democrats Party in the coalition government, will hold an outright majority of 250 seats in the 465-seat assembly. ](/news/2016/12/15/romania-s-centre-left-social-democratic-party-won-45-of-the-seats-in-both-houses-of-parliament-in-sunday-s-election-and-with-the-expected.md) _Context: PSD, earlier this month_
5. [Romanians head to the polls in the country's parliamentary elections. Exit polls show the Social Democratic Party winning by a wide margin.  ](/news/2016/12/11/romanians-head-to-the-polls-in-the-country-s-parliamentary-elections-exit-polls-show-the-social-democratic-party-winning-by-a-wide-margin.md) _Context: PSD, earlier this month_
6. [Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta and his government resigns after tens of thousands took to the streets to protest over the Colectiv nightclub fire that killed 32 people. Mircea Dusa has been proposed to be installed as Acting Prime Minister. ](/news/2015/11/4/romanian-prime-minister-victor-ponta-and-his-government-resigns-after-tens-of-thousands-took-to-the-streets-to-protest-over-the-colectiv-nig.md) _Context: Colectiv nightclub fire, Victor Ponta_
7. [The Prime Minister of Romania Victor Ponta is charged in an on-going corruption scandal. ](/news/2015/07/13/the-prime-minister-of-romania-victor-ponta-is-charged-in-an-on-going-corruption-scandal.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Romania, Victor Ponta_
8. [Romania's National Anticorruption Directorate announces that it is investigating the Prime Minister Victor Ponta for alleged money laundering, forgery and corruption. Ponta denies the allegations and is refusing to stand down. ](/news/2015/06/5/romania-s-national-anticorruption-directorate-announces-that-it-is-investigating-the-prime-minister-victor-ponta-for-alleged-money-launderin.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Romania, Victor Ponta_
9. [Voters in Romania go to the polls for the second round of the presidential election with Klaus Iohannis scoring an upset victory over current Prime Minister Victor Ponta. ](/news/2014/11/16/voters-in-romania-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-the-presidential-election-with-klaus-iohannis-scoring-an-upset-victory-over-curren.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Romania, Victor Ponta_
10. [Romanian President Traian Basescu sparks a new crisis by refusing to sign the country's IMF accord and threatens Prime Minister Victor Ponta's government with rejecting the national budget, blocking important indexations of salaries and pensions for the following year, over an ongoing political feud between the two leaders. ](/news/2013/12/3/romanian-president-traian-basescu-sparks-a-new-crisis-by-refusing-to-sign-the-country-s-imf-accord-and-threatens-prime-minister-victor-pont.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Romania, Victor Ponta_
