### [2016-12-12](/news/2016/12/12/index.md)

# Bill English is elected as the leader of the New Zealand National Party and is now the country's Prime Minister. Paula Bennett is elected as English's deputy. 

More than a decade after he tried and failed to become the country&#039;s leader, Bill English becomes New Zealand&#039;s 39th Prime Minister.


### Source:

1. [Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/world/bill-english-is-nzs-new-prime-minister-paula-bennett-new-deputy-20161211-gt8wmf.html)

### Related:

1. [Australian Associated Press reports that Bill English has secured the support of a majority of members of the New Zealand National Party to succeed John Key as the Prime Minister of New Zealand. ](/news/2016/12/8/australian-associated-press-reports-that-bill-english-has-secured-the-support-of-a-majority-of-members-of-the-new-zealand-national-party-to.md) _Context: Bill English, New Zealand National Party, New Zealand National Party leadership election, 2016, Prime Minister_
2. [John Key resigns as the Prime Minister of New Zealand and leader of the National Party after 8 years as PM and 10 years as party leader due to personal reasons. ](/news/2016/12/5/john-key-resigns-as-the-prime-minister-of-new-zealand-and-leader-of-the-national-party-after-8-years-as-pm-and-10-years-as-party-leader-due.md) _Context: New Zealand National Party, Prime Minister_
3. [ John Key is elected leader of the opposition New Zealand National Party, with Bill English as his deputy. Both were unopposed. ](/news/2006/11/27/john-key-is-elected-leader-of-the-opposition-new-zealand-national-party-with-bill-english-as-his-deputy-both-were-unopposed.md) _Context: Bill English, New Zealand National Party_
4. [ In the New Zealand general election, the Labour Party, led by Prime Minister Helen Clark, seems best placed to form a new government. Although the opposition National Party of Dr. Don Brash makes the greatest gains, these are mainly at the expense of minor parties. All the existing minor parties lose seats, with only the new Maori Party making gains. ([http://www.electionresults.govt.nz/partystatus.html Elections New Zealand])](/news/2005/09/17/in-the-new-zealand-general-election-the-labour-party-led-by-prime-minister-helen-clark-seems-best-placed-to-form-a-new-government-altho.md) _Context: New Zealand National Party, Prime Minister_
5. [New Zealand Prime Minister John Key visits Fiji,  the first time a Kiwi leader has done so since the 2006 coup d'etat. Key is hoping to improve relations between the two countries though it's clear their political tensions don't have easy solutions.  ](/news/2016/06/9/new-zealand-prime-minister-john-key-visits-fiji-the-first-time-a-kiwi-leader-has-done-so-since-the-2006-coup-d-a-c-tat-key-is-hoping-to-imp.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
6. [Former New Zealand prime minister Helen Clark is running for Secretary-General of the United Nations, to succeed Ban Ki-moon whose second term expires at the end of this year. Clark, who is the first non-European and fourth woman among the eight announced candidates, was prime minister for nine years (1999-2008) and has been Administrator of the United Nations Development Programme since April 2009. The United Nations Trusteeship Council will begin preliminary meetings with candidates next week in New York City. ](/news/2016/04/4/former-new-zealand-prime-minister-helen-clark-is-running-for-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-to-succeed-ban-ki-moon-whose-second-te.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
7. [New Zealand Prime Minister John Key settles a defamation case with freelance cameraman Bradley Ambrose, acknowledging comments he made about the man caused him professional and personal harm. ](/news/2016/03/21/new-zealand-prime-minister-john-key-settles-a-defamation-case-with-freelance-cameraman-bradley-ambrose-acknowledging-comments-he-made-about.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
8. [New Zealand Prime Minister John Key says  his country is willing to accept some asylum seekers from the Middle East and Asia, currently in detention camps on impoverished Pacific island nations. Presently, 267 refugees in Australia for medical treatment, some accompanied by a relative, are set to be returned to Nauru's detention camp. Australia is hesitant about the offer, concerned that it could encourage people smugglers. ](/news/2016/02/19/new-zealand-prime-minister-john-key-says-his-country-is-willing-to-accept-some-asylum-seekers-from-the-middle-east-and-asia-currently-in-d.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
9. [John Key, the Prime Minister of New Zealand, announces plans to deploy up to 143 New Zealand Defence Force personnel to Iraq on a training mission to last no more than two years. ](/news/2015/02/24/john-key-the-prime-minister-of-new-zealand-announces-plans-to-deploy-up-to-143-new-zealand-defence-force-personnel-to-iraq-on-a-training-m.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
10. [John Key is sworn in for his third term as Prime Minister of New Zealand. ](/news/2014/10/8/john-key-is-sworn-in-for-his-third-term-as-prime-minister-of-new-zealand.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
