### [2004-10-29](/news/2004/10/29/index.md)

#  Yasser Arafat is flown to Paris, France, for medical treatment at Percy military hospital which specializes in blood disorders and cancer. Ahmed Qurei will manage the daily affairs of the Palestinian Authority and Mahmoud Abbas, the Palestine Liberation Organization. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6655937)

### Related:

1. [ Saeb Erakat announces that Palestinian Authority leader Yasser Arafat has died at the age of 75 at a Paris hospital. Rawhi Fattouh becomes interim President of the Palestinian Authority. Mahmoud Abbas leads the Palestine Liberation Organization. Farouk Kaddoumi, foreign minister of the PLO, leads Fatah and Ahmed Qureia receives the security portfolio of the Palestinian Authority. ](/news/2004/11/10/saeb-erakat-announces-that-palestinian-authority-leader-yasser-arafat-has-died-at-the-age-of-75-at-a-paris-hospital-rawhi-fattouh-becomes.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestine Liberation Organization's, Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat_
2. [ Islamist party Hamas' landslide victory in Palestinian elections ends four decades of rule by the Fatah party. Hamas secures 76 seats in the 132-member legislature through parliamentary elections. Prime Minister Ahmed Qurei announces he will resign and Fatah declares it will not join a Hamas-led coalition, although Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas plans to continue negotiations with Israel through the Palestine Liberation Organization.](/news/2006/01/26/islamist-party-hamas-landslide-victory-in-palestinian-elections-ends-four-decades-of-rule-by-the-fatah-party-hamas-secures-76-seats-in-th.md) _Context: Ahmed Qurei, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestine Liberation Organization's_
3. [ The Prime Minister of the Palestinian Authority, Ahmed Qurei, submits his resignation during chaos in the Gaza Strip as gunmen kidnapped several people, including the chief of police of the Gaza Strip, demanding reform of the Palestinian security force. Yasser Arafat refuses to accept the resignation. ](/news/2004/07/17/the-prime-minister-of-the-palestinian-authority-ahmed-qurei-submits-his-resignation-during-chaos-in-the-gaza-strip-as-gunmen-kidnapped-se.md) _Context: Ahmed Qurei, Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat_
4. [ Road map for peace: Ahmed Qurei, who was nominated as Palestinian prime minister by the head of the Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat, accepts the position (pending the approval of the parliament). He had originally said there was no reason to form a new government unless "Israel wants to change its hostile attitude."](/news/2003/09/8/road-map-for-peace-ahmed-qurei-who-was-nominated-as-palestinian-prime-minister-by-the-head-of-the-palestinian-authority-yasser-arafat-a.md) _Context: Ahmed Qurei, Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat_
5. [ Palestinian Authority: Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas submits his resignation to the President of the Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat. According to Palestinian sources, he will play a "caretaker" role of the position until a new prime minister is sworn in.](/news/2003/09/6/palestinian-authority-prime-minister-mahmoud-abbas-submits-his-resignation-to-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-yasser-arafat-a.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat_
6. [ Palestinian Authority: Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas tells the Palestinian parliament to either support him or fire him, a move seen as making public for the first time his quarrel with Yasser Arafat. VOA characterizes Mr. Abbas' ultimatum as the latest twist in a power struggle between him and Arafat, who is the President of the Palestinian Authority.](/news/2003/09/5/palestinian-authority-prime-minister-mahmoud-abbas-tells-the-palestinian-parliament-to-either-support-him-or-fire-him-a-move-seen-as-maki.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat_
7. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah and urges him to restart peace talks, before holding talks with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ](/news/2013/04/8/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-ramallah-and-urges-him-to-restart-peace-t.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority_
8. [Palestinian officials announce the body of former leader Yasser Arafat will be exhumed to investigate whether his death in Paris in 2004 was caused by poisoning. ](/news/2012/11/24/palestinian-officials-announce-the-body-of-former-leader-yasser-arafat-will-be-exhumed-to-investigate-whether-his-death-in-paris-in-2004-was.md) _Context: Paris, Yasser Arafat_
9. [The Qatari-owned satellite channel, Al Jazeera, reports that traces of radioactive polonium-210 have been found in some personal effects of former PLO Chairman Yasser Arafat, who died in 2004; the PLO and Arafat's widow agree to his exhumation to investigate if he had been poisoned. ](/news/2012/07/4/the-qatari-owned-satellite-channel-al-jazeera-reports-that-traces-of-radioactive-polonium-210-have-been-found-in-some-personal-effects-of.md) _Context: Palestine Liberation Organization's, Yasser Arafat_
10. [Top Fatah members aligned with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas asked Israel to attack Hamas ahead of Hamas' violent takeover of the Gaza Strip in 2007, according to a US diplomatic cable published by Wikileaks. ](/news/2010/12/21/top-fatah-members-aligned-with-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-asked-israel-to-attack-hamas-ahead-of-hamasa-violent-takeover.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority_
