### [2014-12-31](/news/2014/12/31/index.md)

# President of Gambia Yahya Jammeh remains in power after a failed coup attempt while he was travelling outside the country. 

President Yahya Jammeh arrives in Gambian capital after a failed coup on his presidency, prompting fears of a purge.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/africa/2014/12/gambia-leader-return-after-coup-attempt-2014123191702890.html)

### Related:

1. [Gambian presidential election, 2016. The President of Gambia Yahya Jammeh states he will not accept the result of the recent defeat a week after conceding defeat to Adama Barrow. ](/news/2016/12/9/gambian-presidential-election-2016-the-president-of-gambia-yahya-jammeh-states-he-will-not-accept-the-result-of-the-recent-defeat-a-week-a.md) _Context: President of Gambia, Yahya Jammeh_
2. [Gambian parliamentary election, 2017. Voters in the Gambia go to the polls for an election, the country's first legislative election since longtime President Yahya Jammeh resigned and left the country. ](/news/2017/04/6/gambian-parliamentary-election-2017-voters-in-the-gambia-go-to-the-polls-for-an-election-the-country-s-first-legislative-election-since-l.md) _Context: Yahya Jammeh_
3. [The Gambia's justice minister Abubacarr Tambadou states that the country will establish a Truth and Reconciliation Commission "within the next six months" to investigate allegations of abuse dating from the time of former President Yahya Jammeh. According to Tambadou, public hearings are scheduled to get underway by year's end. ](/news/2017/03/24/the-gambia-s-justice-minister-abubacarr-tambadou-states-that-the-country-will-establish-a-truth-and-reconciliation-commission-within-the-ne.md) _Context: Yahya Jammeh_
4. [Foreign relations of the Gambia. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, during a visit to the Gambia, announces that the West African nation is to rejoin the Commonwealth of Nations following talks with Gambian President Adama Barrow. The Gambia withdrew from the Commonwealth in 2013 under Yahya Jammeh, who considered it a "neo-colonial institution". ](/news/2017/02/14/foreign-relations-of-the-gambia-british-foreign-secretary-boris-johnson-during-a-visit-to-the-gambia-announces-that-the-west-african-nati.md) _Context: Yahya Jammeh_
5. [European Union-The Gambia relations. The European Union pledges to give the Gambia -225 million in aid to assist the country following the departure of former president Yahya Jammeh, whose 22 years of misrule left the country "virtually bankrupt". ](/news/2017/02/10/european-union-the-gambia-relations-the-european-union-pledges-to-give-the-gambia-225-million-in-aid-to-assist-the-country-following-t.md) _Context: Yahya Jammeh_
6. [Gambian President Adama Barrow removes "Islamic" from the country's official name. The Gambia will now officially be called The Republic of The Gambia. Barrow also vows to reform the National Intelligence Agency, accused by human rights groups of forced disappearances and torture under Yahya Jammeh. ](/news/2017/01/30/gambian-president-adama-barrow-removes-islamic-from-the-country-s-official-name-the-gambia-will-now-officially-be-called-the-republic-of.md) _Context: Yahya Jammeh_
7. [2016-2017 Gambian constitutional crisis. According to an advisor to Gambian President Adama Barrow, more than 500 million dalasi, equivalent to US$11.3 million, are reported missing from state coffers after former President Yahya Jammeh left the country in exile. ](/news/2017/01/23/2016-2017-gambian-constitutional-crisis-according-to-an-advisor-to-gambian-president-adama-barrow-more-than-500-million-dalasi-equivale.md) _Context: Yahya Jammeh_
8. [2016-2017 Gambian constitutional crisis. Former President Yahya Jammeh leaves The Gambia on a plane reportedly bound for Guinea. ](/news/2017/01/21/2016-2017-gambian-constitutional-crisis-former-president-yahya-jammeh-leaves-the-gambia-on-a-plane-reportedly-bound-for-guinea.md) _Context: Yahya Jammeh_
9. [2016-17 Gambian constitutional crisis. The National Assembly of the Gambia approves extending Yahya Jammeh's term as President of the country for 90 more days. ](/news/2017/01/18/2016-17-gambian-constitutional-crisis-the-national-assembly-of-the-gambia-approves-extending-yahya-jammeh-s-term-as-president-of-the-coun.md) _Context: Yahya Jammeh_
10. [Aftermath of the Gambian presidential election, 2016. President-elect Adama Barrow travels to the Malian capital of Bamako to meet with world leaders after yesterday's failed attempts at persuading incumbent president Yahya Jammeh to step down at the end of his term. ](/news/2017/01/14/aftermath-of-the-gambian-presidential-election-2016-president-elect-adama-barrow-travels-to-the-malian-capital-of-bamako-to-meet-with-worl.md) _Context: Yahya Jammeh_
