### [2004-09-19](/news/2004/09/19/index.md)

#  Iran rejects a unanimous United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency resolution calling on Iran to freeze its uranium enrichment activities. Iran threatens to prevent UN inspections of its nuclear program. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6272724)

### Related:

1. [Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs Manouchehr Mottaki meets the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) in Vienna and says Iran remains interested in a nuclear fuel swap drafted by the United Nations. ](/news/2010/04/25/iranian-minister-for-foreign-affairs-manouchehr-mottaki-meets-the-head-of-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-iaea-in-vienna-and-says-i.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, United Nations_
2. [ The International Atomic Energy Agency passes a resolution 25-3 condemning Iran for developing a secret uranium enrichment site. ](/news/2009/11/27/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-passes-a-resolution-25-3-condemning-iran-for-developing-a-secret-uranium-enrichment-site.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, uranium enrichment_
3. [ Inspectors from the United Nations' nuclear watchdog, the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), arrive in Iran to inspect a newly disclosed nuclear facility near the city of Qom. ](/news/2009/10/25/inspectors-from-the-united-nations-nuclear-watchdog-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-iaea-arrive-in-iran-to-inspect-a-newly-disc.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, United Nations_
4. [ Iran announces that it is partially suspending cooperation with the United Nations International Atomic Energy Agency and will no longer advise it of new steps taken in its nuclear program. ](/news/2007/03/25/iran-announces-that-it-is-partially-suspending-cooperation-with-the-united-nations-international-atomic-energy-agency-and-will-no-longer-ad.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, United Nations_
5. [ Hans Blix, former United Nations chief arms inspector, suggests that Iran and Israel could support a ban of uranium enrichment in the Middle East. ](/news/2005/05/9/hans-blix-former-united-nations-chief-arms-inspector-suggests-that-iran-and-israel-could-support-a-ban-of-uranium-enrichment-in-the-middl.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations, uranium enrichment_
6. [ Talks between Iran and three European Union members, France, Germany, and the United Kingdom, on the Iranian nuclear program end without an agreement and no further meetings planned. Iran has offered a six-month suspension of its uranium enrichment program. The European Union seeks an indefinite halt to the program. The issue is expected to be referred to the United Nations Security Council at the November 25 meeting of the International Atomic Energy Agency. ](/news/2004/11/6/talks-between-iran-and-three-european-union-members-france-germany-and-the-united-kingdom-on-the-iranian-nuclear-program-end-without-an.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, uranium enrichment_
7. [ Iran's nuclear program: The International Atomic Energy Agency delays issuing its report on Iran's nuclear activities as Iran, France, Germany and Britain remain deadlocked in talks aimed at freezing Iran's uranium enrichment program. ](/news/2004/11/11/iran-s-nuclear-program-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-delays-issuing-its-report-on-iran-s-nuclear-activities-as-iran-france-germ.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, uranium enrichment_
8. [ Iran rejects a European Union proposal to provide civilian nuclear technology to Iran in exchange for Iran scrapping its uranium enrichment program, calling for more negotiations. A decision to refer to matter from the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) to the United Nations Security Council is expected on November 25, 2004. ](/news/2004/10/24/iran-rejects-a-european-union-proposal-to-provide-civilian-nuclear-technology-to-iran-in-exchange-for-iran-scrapping-its-uranium-enrichment.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, uranium enrichment_
9. [ British and German officials announce that, on Thursday, representatives of France, the United Kingdom, and Germany will meet in Vienna with Iranian officials to offer Iran a final chance to halt uranium enrichment plans before proposed U.N. sanctions are imposed. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml;jsessionid=KCMAIJ0C0LGQGCRBAEOCFEY?type=topNews&storyID=6544693 (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 22:35, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2004/10/19/british-and-german-officials-announce-that-on-thursday-representatives-of-france-the-united-kingdom-and-germany-will-meet-in-vienna-wit.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations, uranium enrichment_
10. [ Iran says that it is willing to negotiate with the U.K., Germany, and France regarding a suspension of its uranium enrichment activities, but that it will never renounce its right to enrich uranium. Iran's nuclear program is currently under investigation by the International Atomic Energy Agency. ](/news/2004/10/18/iran-says-that-it-is-willing-to-negotiate-with-the-u-k-germany-and-france-regarding-a-suspension-of-its-uranium-enrichment-activities-b.md) _Context: IAEA, Iran, uranium enrichment_
