### [2004-09-19](/news/2004/09/19/index.md)

#  The former General Secretary of the Communist Party of China, Jiang Zemin, resigns from his last official post, the Chairman of the Central Military Commission, and is replaced by Hu Jintao. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/asiapcf/09/19/china.leadership.ap/index.html)
2. [IOL](http://www.iol.co.za/index.php?set_id=1&click_id=126&art_id=qw1095592863493B254)
3. [The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/common/story_page/0,5744,10818957%255E31477,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ General Secretary of the Communist Party of China Jiang Zemin announced several key policies at the 16th National Congress of the Communist Party of China in Beijing. Although Marxism-Leninism would remain the official ideology of China, entrepreneurs and people in unconventional occupations, who are building "socialism with Chinese characteristics", would have a voice in establishing Communist Party ideology. Mr. Jiang is preparing to yield the position of General Secretary of the Party to Hu Jintao, but will maintain the presidency.](/news/2002/11/8/general-secretary-of-the-communist-party-of-china-jiang-zemin-announced-several-key-policies-at-the-16th-national-congress-of-the-communist.md) _Context: Communist Party general secretary, Hu Jintao, Jiang Zemin_
2. [The Communist Party of China names former Secretary of the Secretariat Hu Jintao as its General Secretary, replacing Jiang Zemin. Jiang will remain President until Spring 2003.](/news/2002/11/15/the-communist-party-of-china-names-former-secretary-of-the-secretariat-hu-jintao-as-its-general-secretary-replacing-jiang-zemin-jiang-will.md) _Context: Communist Party general secretary, Hu Jintao, Jiang Zemin_
3. [Xi Jinping is chosen as the General Secretary and Chairman of the Central Military Commission of the Chinese Communist Party and the next leader of the People's Republic of China. ](/news/2012/11/15/xi-jinping-is-chosen-as-the-general-secretary-and-chairman-of-the-central-military-commission-of-the-chinese-communist-party-and-the-next-le.md) _Context: Chairman of the Central Military Commission, Communist Party general secretary_
4. [Statues of 4 Chinese leaders, Mao Zedong, Deng Xiaoping, Jiang Zemin, Hu Jintao, are unveiled in Sichuan. ](/news/2010/06/25/statues-of-4-chinese-leaders-mao-zedong-deng-xiaoping-jiang-zemin-hu-jintao-are-unveiled-in-sichuan.md) _Context: Hu Jintao, Jiang Zemin_
5. [ General Secretary Hu Jintao of the Communist Party in the People's Republic of China and Nationalist Party Chairman Wu Poh-hsiung in Taiwan meet in Beijing to discuss cross-Strait relations. ](/news/2009/05/26/general-secretary-hu-jintao-of-the-communist-party-in-the-people-s-republic-of-china-and-nationalist-party-chairman-wu-poh-hsiung-in-taiwan.md) _Context: Communist Party general secretary, Hu Jintao_
6. [ The 17th National Congress of the Communist Party of China opens in Beijing, China, marking the beginning of a 7-day conclave of China's top leadership. General Secretary Hu Jintao delivers the work report for the past five years, and sets the party's direction in the coming five years. Hu also said in the keynote speech that the Communist Party has "fallen short of the people's expectations". ](/news/2007/10/15/the-17th-national-congress-of-the-communist-party-of-china-opens-in-beijing-china-marking-the-beginning-of-a-7-day-conclave-of-china-s-to.md) _Context: Communist Party general secretary, Hu Jintao_
7. [ Hu Jintao, General Secretary of the Communist Party of China, holds an official meeting and banquet with the Honorary Chairman of the Nationalist Party of China (Kuomintang), Lien Chan. The two reached on the new "15 Favourable Policies" on relations between the Chinese mainland and Taiwan. ](/news/2006/04/16/hu-jintao-general-secretary-of-the-communist-party-of-china-holds-an-official-meeting-and-banquet-with-the-honorary-chairman-of-the-natio.md) _Context: Communist Party general secretary, Hu Jintao_
8. [ The Central Committee of the Communist Party of China convenes in Beijing for four days with speculation over whether Jiang Zemin will resign from his remaining post as Chairman of the Central Military Commission. ](/news/2004/09/16/the-central-committee-of-the-communist-party-of-china-convenes-in-beijing-for-four-days-with-speculation-over-whether-jiang-zemin-will-resi.md) _Context: Chairman of the Central Military Commission, Jiang Zemin_
9. [ Hu Jintao is elected President of the People's Republic of China by the National People's Congress by a vote of 2,937 to 4 with three abstentions. His predecessor, Jiang Zemin, steps down after serving the maximum of two five-year terms.](/news/2003/03/15/hu-jintao-is-elected-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-by-the-national-people-s-congress-by-a-vote-of-2-937-to-4-with-three-abste.md) _Context: Hu Jintao, Jiang Zemin_
10. [Ling Jihua, former top aide to paramount leader Hu Jintao, is sentenced to life in prison for illegally obtaining state secrets and taking over $11 million in bribes. Ling's misfortunes started when he was accused of trying to cover up a scandal connected to his 23-year-old son's deadly crash in a Ferrari in 2012. ](/news/2016/07/4/ling-jihua-former-top-aide-to-paramount-leader-hu-jintao-is-sentenced-to-life-in-prison-for-illegally-obtaining-state-secrets-and-taking-o.md) _Context: Hu Jintao_
