### [2003-04-13](/news/2003/04/13/index.md)

#  According to the Washington Times, the objectives of Operation Iraqi Freedom have shifted from victory in Iraq to "destroying remnants of Fedayeen Saddam and other paramilitaries, and rebuilding Iraq to nurture a new democracy." The Times also suggests that the Operation is hunting for evidence of weapons of mass destruction and for members of the former regime.<ref name="washtimes1"/>




### Related:

1. [ Appearing before the US Senate Armed Services Committee, Charles Duelfer, head of the Iraq Survey Group announces that the group found no evidence that Iraq under Saddam Hussein had produced any weapons of mass destruction since 1991, when UN sanctions were imposed. This directly contradicts the main argument used by the George W. Bush administration for invading Iraq in 2003. ](/news/2004/10/6/appearing-before-the-us-senate-armed-services-committee-charles-duelfer-head-of-the-iraq-survey-group-announces-that-the-group-found-no-e.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, weapons of mass destruction_
2. [ An article in the "Washington Times", citing US Defense Department official John A. Shaw, alleges that Russian special forces moved weapons, explosives, and related materials out of Iraq and into Syria, Lebanon, and possibly Iran, shortly before the U.S. invasion of Iraq in March 2003. Russia denies the allegation, calling the claims "absurd". U.S. officials later say they cannot corroborate the claim, but are investigating. ](/news/2004/10/28/an-article-in-the-washington-times-citing-us-defense-department-official-john-a-shaw-alleges-that-russian-special-forces-moved-weapons.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq, Washington Times_
3. [The UK Ministry of Defence confirms it has spent $22.7 million settling claims from 205 Iraqis alleging abuse by British troops following the 2003 invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2012/12/21/the-uk-ministry-of-defence-confirms-it-has-spent-22-7-million-settling-claims-from-205-iraqis-alleging-abuse-by-british-troops-following-th.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq_
4. [The Iraqi cilivian death toll due to violence has fallen to just under 4,000 in 2010, the lowest since the 2003 invasion of Iraq according to the Iraq Body Count.](/news/2010/12/29/the-iraqi-cilivian-death-toll-due-to-violence-has-fallen-to-just-under-4-000-in-2010-the-lowest-since-the-2003-invasion-of-iraq-according-t.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq_
5. [Former MI5 head Baroness Manningham-Buller gives evidence in public before the Iraq Inquiry into Iraq's alleged weapons of mass destruction, admitting that the 2003 invasion of Iraq served to "substantially" increase the security threat to the UK. ](/news/2010/07/20/former-mi5-head-baroness-manningham-buller-gives-evidence-in-public-before-the-iraq-inquiry-into-iraq-s-alleged-weapons-of-mass-destruction.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq_
6. [ Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair states in an interview that he would have gone to war in Iraq even if he had known that it had no weapons of mass destruction. ](/news/2009/12/13/former-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-states-in-an-interview-that-he-would-have-gone-to-war-in-iraq-even-if-he-had-known-that-it-had-no.md) _Context: Iraq, weapons of mass destruction_
7. [ Oil company Royal Dutch Shell wins the right to develop Iraq's Majnoon oil field in a joint venture with Petronas after the first such auction since the 2003 invasion. The field is expected to generate $900 million a year. ](/news/2009/12/11/oil-company-royal-dutch-shell-wins-the-right-to-develop-iraq-s-majnoon-oil-field-in-a-joint-venture-with-petronas-after-the-first-such-auct.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq_
8. [ Iraq's government calculates that more than 110,000 Iraqis have died since the Iraq War began in 2003. ](/news/2009/04/23/iraq-s-government-calculates-that-more-than-110-000-iraqis-have-died-since-the-iraq-war-began-in-2003.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq_
9. [ Iraq's National Museum reopens for the first time since being looted during the U.S. Armed Forces' invasion in 2003. ](/news/2009/02/24/iraq-s-national-museum-reopens-for-the-first-time-since-being-looted-during-the-u-s-armed-forces-invasion-in-2003.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq_
10. [ The United Kingdom Information Tribunal orders Her Majesty's Government to release the minutes of Cabinet discussions regarding the 2003 invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2009/01/27/the-united-kingdom-information-tribunal-orders-her-majesty-s-government-to-release-the-minutes-of-cabinet-discussions-regarding-the-2003-in.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq_
