### [2004-12-9](/news/2004/12/9/index.md)

#  Acting on a reference from Parliament, the Canadian Supreme Court states that a bill to legalize same-sex marriage in Canada would be constitutional. They decline to say if the Constitution requires that recognition, saying that by not appealing several provincial courts' decisions to that effect, the government has already adopted that position. 




### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/canada/story/2004/12/09/martin-samesex041209.html)
2. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/canada/story/2004/12/09/scoc-gaymarriage041209.html)

### Related:

1. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: The Supreme Court of Canada begins three days of hearings into the federal government's reference of a draft bill to legalize same-sex marriage. The court will review the bill's constitutionality, hearing arguments from groups on either side of the debate. A ruling is not expected for months. ](/news/2004/10/6/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-the-supreme-court-of-canada-begins-three-days-of-hearings-into-the-federal-government-s-reference-of-a-draft-b.md) _Context: Supreme Court of Canada, same-sex marriage in Canada_
2. [ Same-sex marriage in Canada: the federal government releases its draft bill to extend marriage rights to same-sex couples while protecting the rights of clergy not to perform marriages that run counter to their religious beliefs. The government will seek a reference from the Supreme Court of Canada to ensure the bill is constitutional.](/news/2003/07/17/same-sex-marriage-in-canada-the-federal-government-releases-its-draft-bill-to-extend-marriage-rights-to-same-sex-couples-while-protecting.md) _Context: Supreme Court of Canada, same-sex marriage in Canada_
3. [A road collapse at a major intersection near the Canadian Parliament in Ottawa, Ontario, forces evacuation of a mall, a hotel, the Shaw Convention Centre, and a book store because of the smell of gas. Power and water are now shut off. ](/news/2016/06/8/a-road-collapse-at-a-major-intersection-near-the-canadian-parliament-in-ottawa-ontario-forces-evacuation-of-a-mall-a-hotel-the-shaw-conv.md) _Context: Parliament of Canada_
4. [Takes place in Ottawa, Canada as US President Barack Obama and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto meet with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. President Obama later gives a special address to the Parliament of Canada. ](/news/2016/06/29/takes-place-in-ottawa-canada-as-us-president-barack-obama-and-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-meet-with-canadian-prime-minister-justi.md) _Context: Parliament of Canada_
5. [South Korean opposition lawmakers' anti-terrorism bill filibuster, which stops all other legislative business, extends its world record to 115 hours Sunday afternoon, easily besting Canada's 58-hour session in 2011. The major issue is giving South Korea's intelligence agency powers to monitor private communications. This parliamentary session is set to end March 11, with elections on April 13. ](/news/2016/02/28/south-korean-opposition-lawmakers-anti-terrorism-bill-filibuster-which-stops-all-other-legislative-business-extends-its-world-record-to-1.md) _Context: Parliament of Canada_
6. [Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper confirms that he has asked Governor General David Johnston to dissolve the Canadian Parliament and set a general election for October 19. This will be the longest election campaign for Canada in recent history, since voting was once staggered over months to accommodate people travelling from remote regions of the country using archaic means of transportation. ](/news/2015/08/2/canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-confirms-that-he-has-asked-governor-general-david-johnston-to-dissolve-the-canadian-parliament-and-se.md) _Context: Parliament of Canada_
7. [The Supreme Court of Canada strikes down a ban on assisted suicide meaning doctors can now assist mentally competent patients with severe and incurable conditions to die. ](/news/2015/02/6/the-supreme-court-of-canada-strikes-down-a-ban-on-assisted-suicide-meaning-doctors-can-now-assist-mentally-competent-patients-with-severe-an.md) _Context: Supreme Court of Canada_
8. [In "R. v. Fearon", the Supreme Court of Canada rules by 4-3 vote that searching for cell phones without a warrant during an arrest does not violate the Section Eight of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms. ](/news/2014/12/11/in-r-v-fearon-the-supreme-court-of-canada-rules-by-4a3-vote-that-searching-for-cell-phones-without-a-warrant-during-an-arrest-does-no.md) _Context: Supreme Court of Canada_
9. [A gunman shoots a Canadian Forces soldier outside the Canadian National War Memorial, with the gunman later reported dead inside the Canadian Parliament buildings. The incident came hours after Canada raised its terror threat level from low to medium following Monday's fatal hit-and-run attack on two soldiers in Quebec. ](/news/2014/10/22/a-gunman-shoots-a-canadian-forces-soldier-outside-the-canadian-national-war-memorial-with-the-gunman-later-reported-dead-inside-the-canadia.md) _Context: Parliament of Canada_
10. [The Supreme Court of Canada strikes down anti-prostitution laws in the country. ](/news/2013/12/20/the-supreme-court-of-canada-strikes-down-anti-prostitution-laws-in-the-country.md) _Context: Supreme Court of Canada_
