### [2004-12-9](/news/2004/12/9/index.md)

#  The British Law Lords hold treatment of Czech Romani by UK immigration officers at Prague Airport to be discriminatory. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/4081473.stm)
2. [Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/print/0,3858,5082282-110414,00.html)
3. [opinions](http://www.publications.parliament.uk/pa/ld200405/ldjudgmt/jd041209/roma-1.htm)

### Related:

1. [The Chamber of Deputies of the Czech Republic passes a Czech Social Democratic Party-proposed amendment to the constitution, giving citizens the right to acquire, possess and carry firearms for the purpose of security. The constitutional amendment will now go to the Senate, where it is expected to pass. ](/news/2017/06/29/the-chamber-of-deputies-of-the-czech-republic-passes-a-czech-social-democratic-party-proposed-amendment-to-the-constitution-giving-citizens.md) _Context: Czech Republic_
2. [ Czech Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka has announced that he will submit his government's resignation because of a disagreement with Finance Minister Andrej Babis. ](/news/2017/05/2/czech-prime-minister-bohuslav-sobotka-has-announced-that-he-will-submit-his-government-s-resignation-because-of-a-disagreement-with-finance.md) _Context: Czech Republic_
3. [Czech police announce the arrest of a man at a Prague hotel two weeks ago who they claim is a Russian hacker suspected of targeting the U.S. ](/news/2016/10/19/czech-police-announce-the-arrest-of-a-man-at-a-prague-hotel-two-weeks-ago-who-they-claim-is-a-russian-hacker-suspected-of-targeting-the-u-s.md) _Context: Czech Republic_
4. [ Six people are hurt as an unknown assailant fires shots at a Czech tourist bus on the A7 autoroute near Saulce-sur-Rhone in southeastern France. ](/news/2016/06/5/six-people-are-hurt-as-an-unknown-assailant-fires-shots-at-a-czech-tourist-bus-on-the-a7-autoroute-near-saulce-sur-rha-ne-in-southeastern-f.md) _Context: Czech Republic_
5. [Czech Minister of the Interior Milan Chovanec says that authorities in Prague will send a group of 25 Iraqi Christians back to Iraq after they tried to move to Germany rather than staying in the Czech Republic. The refugees were on their way to Germany via bus before being stopped at the border. Czech authorities agreed to a request by the German police to take the people back. Chovanec said the 25 Iraqis abused Czech generosity and should go back to Iraq within seven days. ](/news/2016/04/3/czech-minister-of-the-interior-milan-chovanec-says-that-authorities-in-prague-will-send-a-group-of-25-iraqi-christians-back-to-iraq-after-th.md) _Context: Czech Republic_
6. [Leaders of the Czech Republic choose "Czechia" as the one-word alternative name of their country to make it easier for companies, politicians and sportsmen to use on products, name tags and sporting jerseys. However, this change must still win cabinet approval before the foreign ministry can lodge the name with the United Nations for it to become the country's official short name. ](/news/2016/04/15/leaders-of-the-czech-republic-choose-aczechiaa-as-the-one-word-alternative-name-of-their-country-to-make-it-easier-for-companies-politi.md) _Context: Czech Republic_
7. [Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) and the UN refugee agency, UNHCR, announce they are withdrawing from the so-called hotspots on the Greek islands because of the new EU-Turkey deal. UNHCR's Melissa Fleming says, "Under the new provisions, these sites (hotspots) have now become detention facilities." MSF's Marie Elisabeth Ingres says, "We will not allow our assistance to be instrumentalized (sic) for a mass expulsion operation, and we refuse to be part of a system that has no regard for the humanitarian or protection needs of asylum seekers and migrants." ](/news/2016/03/23/ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-and-the-un-refugee-agency-unhcr-announce-they-are-withdrawing-from-the-so-called-hots.md) _Context: migrants_
8. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Czech Republic_
9. [ European Union leaders offer Turkey a detailed package of cash and incentives to agree that all migrants attempting to cross the Aegean Sea by raft or boat would be sent back to Turkey which, in effect, becomes the region's migrant holding center. A number of stumbling blocks remain, such as raising the amount of aid from 3 billion euros to at least 6 billion euros; reducing the "72 arduous conditions" the Turks must meet to implement visa-free travel for Turkish citizens; Europe agrees to accelerate talks with Ankara on its EU bid; etc. Human Rights Watch protests the proposed fast-track collective expulsions that fail to take individual circumstances into account and breach peoples' right to seek asylum. ](/news/2016/03/18/european-union-leaders-offer-turkey-a-detailed-package-of-cash-and-incentives-to-agree-that-all-migrants-attempting-to-cross-the-aegean-sea.md) _Context: migrants_
10. [Five people are killed in an avalanche that buried 17 Czechs in Austria. ](/news/2016/02/6/five-people-are-killed-in-an-avalanche-that-buried-17-czechs-in-austria.md) _Context: Czech Republic_
