### [2002-07-22](/news/2002/07/22/index.md)

#  A few hours after the spiritual leader of Hamas, Ahmed Yassin, offered to halt all suicide attacks in exchange for full Israeli withdrawal from the West Bank and Gaza Strip, an Israeli F-16 jet dropped a bomb into a densely populated residential area of Gaza City. Fifteen people were killed, including Salah Shehade (the leader of Hamas's military wing, the Izz ad-Din el-Qasam Brigades), and more than 100 others were wounded. Nine of the dead were children, including Mohammed al-Huwaiti (aged 4), his brother Subhi (aged 3), Ayman Mattar (aged 1) and Dunya Rami Mattar (aged three months). The United Nations swiftly condemned the action as a flagrant violation of international law. Ariel Sharon, Israel's Prime Minister, said it was "one of our biggest successes", though the Prime Minister's office later added, "it is well known he regrets the killing of civilians."




### Related:

1. [2014 Israel-Gaza conflict. A United Nations report finds evidence that both Hamas and Israel committed war crimes during the 2014 conflict. ](/news/2015/06/22/2014-israel-gaza-conflict-a-united-nations-report-finds-evidence-that-both-hamas-and-israel-committed-war-crimes-during-the-2014-conflict.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, United Nations_
2. [Operation Protective Edge:. United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay condemns both Israel's military actions in the Gaza Strip and Hamas for "indiscriminate attacks" on Israel, and warns that war crimes may have been committed. ](/news/2014/07/23/operation-protective-edge-united-nations-high-commissioner-for-human-rights-navi-pillay-condemns-both-israel-s-military-actions-in-the-gaz.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, United Nations_
3. [Egyptian Prime Minister Hesham Qandil makes a visit to Gaza City in hopes of lulling the ongoing conflict between Israel and Hamas. ](/news/2012/11/16/egyptian-prime-minister-hesham-qandil-makes-a-visit-to-gaza-city-in-hopes-of-lulling-the-ongoing-conflict-between-israel-and-hamas.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel_
4. [The Israeli Air Force launches an air strike east of Gaza City, killing a Hamas gunman, in response to a rocket launched at Israel which landed in the Negev Desert. ](/news/2011/08/16/the-israeli-air-force-launches-an-air-strike-east-of-gaza-city-killing-a-hamas-gunman-in-response-to-a-rocket-launched-at-israel-which-lan.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. Israel's decision to ease the Gaza blockade is welcomed by the United Nations and the United States; Gaza's Hamas rulers say this is propaganda by Israel. ](/news/2010/06/17/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-s-decision-to-ease-the-gaza-blockade-is-welcomed-by-the-united-nations-and-the-united-states-gaza-s.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, United Nations_
6. [In its annual report, Amnesty International says human rights abuses and repression increased in Iran and China last year, the African Union refused to cooperate with the International Criminal Court after it indicted Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for war crimes in Darfur, the United Nations- Human Rights Council took little action while Sri Lanka-s army and Tamil militants both committed potential war crimes, and Israel and the militant group Hamas did not follow up on reports that accused both sides of human rights abuses during the Gaza War. ](/news/2010/05/27/in-its-annual-report-amnesty-international-says-human-rights-abuses-and-repression-increased-in-iran-and-china-last-year-the-african-union.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, United Nations_
7. [ The United Nations Human Rights Council endorses the Goldstone report on the Gaza War, accusing both Israel and Hamas of war crimes. ](/news/2009/10/16/the-united-nations-human-rights-council-endorses-the-goldstone-report-on-the-gaza-war-accusing-both-israel-and-hamas-of-war-crimes.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, United Nations_
8. [ Israel and Hamas ignore the United Nations Security Council's call for a ceasefire in the conflict in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2009/01/9/israel-and-hamas-ignore-the-united-nations-security-council-s-call-for-a-ceasefire-in-the-conflict-in-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, United Nations_
9. [ Israeli artillery strikes near a United Nations school in Gaza City, killing at least 40 people. ](/news/2009/01/6/israeli-artillery-strikes-near-a-united-nations-school-in-gaza-city-killing-at-least-40-people.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, United Nations_
10. [ Israeli Defense Forces advance on Gaza City and engage in urban warfare with Hamas militants. ](/news/2009/01/13/israeli-defense-forces-advance-on-gaza-city-and-engage-in-urban-warfare-with-hamas-militants.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel_
