### [2002-07-22](/news/2002/07/22/index.md)

#  Politics of the Netherlands. A new cabinet is sworn in, with Jan Peter Balkenende replacing Wim Kok as Prime Minister.  He heads a coalition of three parties: Christen Democratisch Appl, Lijst Pim Fortuyn and Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie.  One of the state secretaries of the new cabinet resigned a few hours later.




### Related:

1. [ Politics of the Netherlands: General elections for the lower house of parliament were held. The Lijst Pim Fortuyn (LPF) was the great winner, the party gained 26 of the 150 seats, a historic achievement for a new party. The CDA (Christen Democratisch Appl) led by Jan Peter Balkenende became the greatest party (43 seats). The great losers were the coalition parties of the ruling "purple coalition" (PvdA, labour party; VVD, liberals; D'66, leftist liberals). These parties were diminished to half of their former size. Ad Melkert (PvdA) resigns as political leader of his party.](/news/2002/05/15/politics-of-the-netherlands-general-elections-for-the-lower-house-of-parliament-were-held-the-lijst-pim-fortuyn-lpf-was-the-great-winne.md) _Context: Christen Democratisch Appl, Dutch politics, Jan Peter Balkenende, LPF_
2. [ Avigdor Lieberman, the Israeli Strategic Affairs Minister, resigns from the Cabinet of Prime Minister Ehud Olmert with 10 party colleagues resigning from the government as well. ](/news/2008/01/16/avigdor-lieberman-the-israeli-strategic-affairs-minister-resigns-from-the-cabinet-of-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-with-10-party-colleagues.md) _Context: Prime Minister, forming a government_
3. [  The cabinet of Balkenende resigns. Because of the constant internal fighting in the new party LPF, the other two governing parties, CDA and VVD decided that continuing the coalition was impossible. It seems almost certain that there will be new elections, possibly as early as December. Officials in Brussels fear that the collapse in the Netherlands will delay the expansion of the EU. The Netherlands cabinet was already divided on the issue and if new elections are to be held it may take 4-5 months before another cabinet is installed that is willing to make a decision.](/news/2002/10/16/the-cabinet-of-balkenende-resigns-because-of-the-constant-internal-fighting-in-the-new-party-lpf-the-other-two-governing-parties-cda-an.md) _Context: Dutch politics, LPF_
4. [Following the Obama Administration's pledge of additional Special Operations troops to Iraq, several members of Iraq's ruling alliance state that only the Iraqi Parliament can authorize the action, and political associates of Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi report such a troop expansion would be unacceptable. Several members of Iraqi militias have also decried a deployment of more U.S. troops. During the pull out from Iraq, president Obama promised there would be no more "boots on the ground" in Iraq again. ](/news/2015/12/3/following-the-obama-administration-s-pledge-of-additional-special-operations-troops-to-iraq-several-members-of-iraqas-ruling-alliance-sta.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
5. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met today in Berlin with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu regarding the recent spate of violence between Palestinians and Israelis. Kerry will meet on Saturday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and King Abdullah of Jordan in Amman. ](/news/2015/10/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-met-today-in-berlin-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-regarding-the-recent-spate-of-violence.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
6. [Ghassan Hitto is elected as the Syrian National Coalition's provisional Prime Minister. He will be tasked with forming a government amid the Syrian civil war. ](/news/2013/03/18/ghassan-hitto-is-elected-as-the-syrian-national-coalition-s-provisional-prime-minister-he-will-be-tasked-with-forming-a-government-amid-the.md) _Context: forming a government_
7. [Anouchka van Miltenburg of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) is elected as President of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands, giving the VVD the ''Big Three'' in Dutch politics: Prime Minister, President of the Senate and President of the House of Representatives. ](/news/2012/09/25/anouchka-van-miltenburg-of-the-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-vvd-is-elected-as-president-of-the-house-of-representatives-of-the.md) _Context: Dutch politics_
8. [The Cabinet of Pakistan submit their resignations to the prime minister, who intends to appoint a smaller cabinet in order to reduce government spending at a time of economic crisis. ](/news/2011/02/9/the-cabinet-of-pakistan-submit-their-resignations-to-the-prime-minister-who-intends-to-appoint-a-smaller-cabinet-in-order-to-reduce-governm.md) _Context: forming a government_
9. [The Dutch government freezes all contacts with Iran in protest over the fate of a Dutch-Iranian woman who was hanged for alleged drug smuggling. ](/news/2011/01/29/the-dutch-government-freezes-all-contacts-with-iran-in-protest-over-the-fate-of-a-dutch-iranian-woman-who-was-hanged-for-alleged-drug-smuggl.md) _Context: Dutch politics_
10. [2010-2011 Tunisian protests:Thousands of protesters defy curfew and march in Tunis, camping outside the government's main office complex and demanding that the Prime Minister and the old guard that served under former President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, step down. ](/news/2011/01/25/2010a2011-tunisian-protests-pthousands-of-protesters-defy-curfew-and-march-in-tunis-camping-outside-the-government-s-main-office-complex.md) _Context: Prime Minister_
