### [2009-11-26](/news/2009/11/26/index.md)

#  All pleas to halt British hacker Gary McKinnon being extradited to the United States to face trial for breaking into NASA and military computers looking for UFO evidence fail as UK Home Secretary orders his extradition. 

Exclusive: Gary McKinnon is set to be sent to America to answer computer hacking charges after Alan Johnson, the Home Secretary, told his family that he could not block his extradition on medical grounds.


### Source:

1. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/politics/6663920/Gary-McKinnon-set-to-be-sent-to-America-after-Alan-Johnson-says-he-cannot-block-extradition.html)

### Related:

1. [ In the United Kingdom, the Appellate Committee of the House of Lords rejects an appeal by alleged British computer hacker Gary McKinnon against extradition to the United States to face charges of hacking into Pentagon and NASA computers. ](/news/2008/07/30/in-the-united-kingdom-the-appellate-committee-of-the-house-of-lords-rejects-an-appeal-by-alleged-british-computer-hacker-gary-mckinnon-aga.md) _Context: Gary McKinnon, NASA, United Kingdom, hackers_
2. [U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's ''Daily Telegraph'', urges Britons  to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to-keep-the-u-k-in-the-european-union-tomorrow-o.md) _Context: Britons, United Kingdom_
3. [On January 18, 2016, the British Parliament will debate a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the United Kingdom because of 'hate speech' that is unacceptable behavior, non-conducive to the public good. The  conclusion reached by the lawmakers will not be binding on the UK government. ](/news/2016/01/5/on-january-18-2016-the-british-parliament-will-debate-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-home-secretary-to-ba.md) _Context: Home Secretary, United Kingdom_
4. [The British Parliament debates a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban,  because of 'hate speech,' United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump  from entering the United Kingdom. Almost all of the 50 MPs (member of parliament), of the 650-member legislative body, present  criticized Trump -- especially his comments on Muslims -- but few supported an entry ban. ](/news/2016/01/18/the-british-parliament-debates-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-home-secretary-to-ban-because-of-hate-spee.md) _Context: Home Secretary, United Kingdom_
5. [The Crown Prosecution Service decides that computer hacker Gary McKinnon will face no charges in the United Kingdom over his activities. ](/news/2012/12/14/the-crown-prosecution-service-decides-that-computer-hacker-gary-mckinnon-will-face-no-charges-in-the-united-kingdom-over-his-activities.md) _Context: Gary McKinnon, United Kingdom_
6. [The British computer hacker Gary McKinnon wins his ten-year legal battle to avoid extradition to the United States after Home Secretary Theresa May tells the House of Commons she has blocked the order. ](/news/2012/10/16/the-british-computer-hacker-gary-mckinnon-wins-his-ten-year-legal-battle-to-avoid-extradition-to-the-united-states-after-home-secretary-ther.md) _Context: Gary McKinnon, Home Secretary_
7. [In lawn tennis, Andy Murray of the United Kingdom wins the Men's Singles of the 2012 US Open defeating Novak Djokovic of Serbia to become the first British player to win a Grand Slam singles title since Virginia Wade, and the first British man to do so since Fred Perry. ](/news/2012/09/10/in-lawn-tennis-andy-murray-of-the-united-kingdom-wins-the-men-s-singles-of-the-2012-us-open-defeating-novak-djokovic-of-serbia-to-become-th.md) _Context: Britons, United Kingdom_
8. [Law enforcement agencies in the United States, United Kingdom and Ireland arrest alleged senior members of the computer hacking group Lulz Sec, including a member of the FBI. ](/news/2012/03/6/law-enforcement-agencies-in-the-united-states-united-kingdom-and-ireland-arrest-alleged-senior-members-of-the-computer-hacking-group-lulz-s.md) _Context: United Kingdom, hackers_
9. [The US space agency NASA claims that it was hacked 13 times last year compromising security. ](/news/2012/03/2/the-us-space-agency-nasa-claims-that-it-was-hacked-13-times-last-year-compromising-security.md) _Context: NASA, hackers_
10. [In the United Kingdom, Home Secretary Theresa May announces plans to split the UK Border Agency into two separate organisations after  revelations that hundreds of thousands of people were let into the country without appropriate checks. ](/news/2012/02/20/in-the-united-kingdom-home-secretary-theresa-may-announces-plans-to-split-the-uk-border-agency-into-two-separate-organisations-after-revel.md) _Context: Home Secretary, United Kingdom_
