### [2010-04-29](/news/2010/04/29/index.md)

# Deepwater Horizon drilling rig explosion in the The United States Coast Guard begins a controlled burn to remove oil spilled in the aftermath of the Deepwater Horizon disaster. 

Shrimpers in Louisiana andAlabama have filed class-action lawsuits against oil giant BPPlc (BP.L) and owners of the drilling platform that exploded inthe Gulf of Mexico, as claims for economic losses anticipatedfrom the disaster began to mount.


### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/8651624.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSN2913409720100430?type=marketsNews)

### Related:

1. [Retired United States Coast Guard Admiral Thad Allen, the person in charge of cleaning up the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico states that the cap is leaking but it is not a major concern so far. ](/news/2010/07/19/retired-united-states-coast-guard-admiral-thad-allen-the-person-in-charge-of-cleaning-up-the-deepwater-horizon-oil-spill-in-the-gulf-of-mex.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, U.S. Coast Guard_
2. [The Deepwater Horizon drilling rig explosion in the Gulf of Mexico causes slowing shipping and increased prices for gasoline, food and other items in the United States. ](/news/2010/05/4/the-deepwater-horizon-drilling-rig-explosion-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-causes-slowing-shipping-and-increased-prices-for-gasoline-food-and-other.md) _Context: Deepwater Horizon drilling rig explosion, Gulf of Mexico_
3. [Deepwater Horizon drilling rig explosion aftermath:The oil spill resulting from the explosion of the ''Deepwater Horizon'' drilling rig in the Gulf of Mexico reaches the Louisiana coast. ](/news/2010/04/30/deepwater-horizon-drilling-rig-explosion-aftermath-pthe-oil-spill-resulting-from-the-explosion-of-the-deepwater-horizon-drilling-rig-in.md) _Context: Deepwater Horizon drilling rig explosion, Gulf of Mexico_
4. [The United States Coast Guard plans a controlled burn to remove spilled oil in the aftermath of the Deepwater Horizon disaster. ](/news/2010/04/28/the-united-states-coast-guard-plans-a-controlled-burn-to-remove-spilled-oil-in-the-aftermath-of-the-deepwater-horizon-disaster.md) _Context: Deepwater Horizon drilling rig explosion, U.S. Coast Guard_
5. [ The U.S. Coast Guard continues to search for the missing ''F/V Destination'', a Seattle-based fishing vessel operating near St. George, Alaska, with a six-member crew. The Coast Guard has discovered a debris field, but no sign of the crew. ](/news/2017/02/13/the-u-s-coast-guard-continues-to-search-for-the-missing-f-v-destination-a-seattle-based-fishing-vessel-operating-near-st-george-ala.md) _Context: U.S. Coast Guard_
6. [Two nearby boats, responding to a Coast Guard emergency broadcast, rescue 46 people  from the sinking 220-foot ''Alaska Juris'' fishing boat in the Bering Sea off Alaska's Aleutian Islands. There are no reports of injuries; all on board were wearing survival suits. ](/news/2016/07/26/two-nearby-boats-responding-to-a-coast-guard-emergency-broadcast-rescue-46-people-from-the-sinking-220-foot-alaska-juris-fishing-boat.md) _Context: U.S. Coast Guard_
7. [Tropical Storm Colin forms in the Gulf of Mexico and is likely to hit Florida's Gulf Coast tomorrow. ](/news/2016/06/5/tropical-storm-colin-forms-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-and-is-likely-to-hit-florida-s-gulf-coast-tomorrow.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
8. [State oil company Petroleos Mexicanos reports the death toll has risen to  28 from Wednesday's explosion at Petroquimica Mexicana de Vinilo's Clorados 3 petrochemical plant in the Gulf port city of Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz. Some workers are still missing while 18 others remain hospitalized. Officials say the explosion came from an unspecified leak. The plant produces the hazardous industrial chemical vinyl chloride. ](/news/2016/04/22/state-oil-company-petroleos-mexicanos-reports-the-death-toll-has-risen-to-28-from-wednesday-s-explosion-at-petroquimica-mexicana-de-vinilo.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
9. [At least 24 people are killed, 136 others injured, and eight workers still missing from yesterday's blast at the major Clorados 3 petrochemical plant of Petroquimica Mexicana de Vinilo. Nineteen people remain hospitalized, with 13 in serious condition. The plant is run by Mexichem under agreement with Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex), the national petrochemical company, in Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz, Mexico, on the country's southern Gulf of Mexico coast. Pemex had an earlier fire at the same facility in February 2016 that killed one worker; also that month, an offshore Pemex Gulf platform fire killed two and injured eight. ](/news/2016/04/21/at-least-24-people-are-killed-136-others-injured-and-eight-workers-still-missing-from-yesterday-s-blast-at-the-major-clorados-3-petrochemi.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
10. [Nine Cuban migrants die and 18 others are rescued by the Royal Caribbean's ''Brilliance of the Seas'' cruise ship in the Gulf of Mexico, 130 miles west of Marco Island, Florida. The group had been sailing for 22 days in a 30-foot long "rustic" boat. The survivors were severely dehydrated and in poor condition. Those who had died were buried at sea. The cruise ship is taking the migrants to its next stop, the Mexican island of Cozumel. ](/news/2016/03/19/nine-cuban-migrants-die-and-18-others-are-rescued-by-the-royal-caribbean-s-brilliance-of-the-seas-cruise-ship-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-130.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
