### [2010-04-29](/news/2010/04/29/index.md)

# The United States Coast Guard begins a controlled burn to remove oil spilled in the aftermath of the Deepwater Horizon disaster. 

Shrimpers in Louisiana andAlabama have filed class-action lawsuits against oil giant BPPlc (BP.L) and owners of the drilling platform that exploded inthe Gulf of Mexico, as claims for economic losses anticipatedfrom the disaster began to mount.


### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/8651624.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSN2913409720100430?type=marketsNews)

### Related:

1. [Retired United States Coast Guard Admiral Thad Allen, the person in charge of cleaning up the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico states that the cap is leaking but it is not a major concern so far. ](/news/2010/07/19/retired-united-states-coast-guard-admiral-thad-allen-the-person-in-charge-of-cleaning-up-the-deepwater-horizon-oil-spill-in-the-gulf-of-mex.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, United States Coast Guard_
2. [The Deepwater Horizon drilling rig explosion in the Gulf of Mexico causes slowing shipping and increased prices for gasoline, food and other items in the United States. ](/news/2010/05/4/the-deepwater-horizon-drilling-rig-explosion-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-causes-slowing-shipping-and-increased-prices-for-gasoline-food-and-other.md) _Context: Deepwater Horizon drilling rig explosion, Gulf of Mexico_
3. [The oil spill resulting from the explosion of the "Deepwater Horizon" drilling rig in the Gulf of Mexico reaches the Louisiana coast. ](/news/2010/04/30/the-oil-spill-resulting-from-the-explosion-of-the-deepwater-horizon-drilling-rig-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-reaches-the-louisiana-coast.md) _Context: Deepwater Horizon drilling rig explosion, Gulf of Mexico_
4. [The United States Coast Guard plans a controlled burn to remove spilled oil in the aftermath of the Deepwater Horizon disaster. ](/news/2010/04/28/the-united-states-coast-guard-plans-a-controlled-burn-to-remove-spilled-oil-in-the-aftermath-of-the-deepwater-horizon-disaster.md) _Context: Deepwater Horizon drilling rig explosion, United States Coast Guard_
5. [Hurricane Franklin, the Atlantic Ocean's first hurricane of the season, is set to hit Mexico's Gulf state of Veracruz tonight or tomorrow morning. The category 1 storm is expected to lose strength as it moves inland through the oil-producing state. ](/news/2017/08/9/hurricane-franklin-the-atlantic-ocean-s-first-hurricane-of-the-season-is-set-to-hit-mexico-s-gulf-state-of-veracruz-tonight-or-tomorrow-mo.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
6. [In anticipation of Hurricane Harvey, residents from Corpus Christi to Galveston, Texas, and workers from Gulf of Mexico oil platforms are evacuating the region. The storm makes landfall between Port Aransas and Port O'Connor as a Category 4 hurricane around 11 p.m. EDT (0300 UTC, August 26) as the strongest storm to hit the United States mainland since 2004. The National Hurricane Center predicts Harvey will linger over Texas for days, dumping 15 - in, and as much as 35 in of rain on some parts of the state. ](/news/2017/08/25/in-anticipation-of-hurricane-harvey-residents-from-corpus-christi-to-galveston-texas-and-workers-from-gulf-of-mexico-oil-platforms-are-ev.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
7. [A United States Army Combat Aviation Brigade UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter crashes off the coast of Hawaii, with five people on board. A United States Coast Guard-led search for the missing is underway. ](/news/2017/08/16/a-united-states-army-combat-aviation-brigade-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-crashes-off-the-coast-of-hawaii-with-five-people-on-board-a-unite.md) _Context: United States Coast Guard_
8. [ The U.S. Coast Guard continues to search for the missing "F/V Destination", a Seattle-based fishing vessel operating near St. George, Alaska, with a six-member crew. The Coast Guard has discovered a debris field, but no sign of the crew. ](/news/2017/02/13/the-u-s-coast-guard-continues-to-search-for-the-missing-f-v-destination-a-seattle-based-fishing-vessel-operating-near-st-george-alask.md) _Context: United States Coast Guard_
9. [Two nearby boats, responding to a Coast Guard emergency broadcast, rescue 46 people from the sinking 220-foot "Alaska Juris" fishing boat in the Bering Sea off Alaska's Aleutian Islands. There are no reports of injuries; all on board were wearing survival suits. ](/news/2016/07/26/two-nearby-boats-responding-to-a-coast-guard-emergency-broadcast-rescue-46-people-from-the-sinking-220-foot-alaska-juris-fishing-boat-in.md) _Context: United States Coast Guard_
10. [Tropical Storm Colin forms in the Gulf of Mexico and is likely to hit Florida's Gulf Coast tomorrow. ](/news/2016/06/5/tropical-storm-colin-forms-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-and-is-likely-to-hit-florida-s-gulf-coast-tomorrow.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
