### [2010-04-29](/news/2010/04/29/index.md)

# The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approves Provenge (sipuleucel-T), the first "vaccine" approved to treat cancer, for men with advanced prostate cancer. 




### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/news/health/2010-04-30-prostatevaccine30_ST_N.htm?csp=34)

### Related:

1. [ Advisers to the Food and Drug Administration recommend that the agency approve a Sanofi-Aventis SA bird flu vaccine. ](/news/2007/02/27/advisers-to-the-food-and-drug-administration-recommend-that-the-agency-approve-a-sanofi-aventis-sa-bird-flu-vaccine.md) _Context: U.S. Food and Drug Administration, vaccine_
2. [Scientists at California company VaxGen Inc., have finished the first human trial of an AIDS vaccine, a mammoth $200 million, 5,400-patient effort more than a decade in the making. The Food and Drug Administration has granted the vaccine "fast-track" status that would speed it through the approval process, if it proves effective, for public availability.  The test results are expected to be made public within approximately three months.](/news/2002/12/23/scientists-at-california-company-vaxgen-inc-have-finished-the-first-human-trial-of-an-aids-vaccine-a-mammoth-200-million-5-400-patient.md) _Context: U.S. Food and Drug Administration, vaccine_
3. [The U.S. Food and Drug Administration asks pharmaceutical manufacturer Endo International plc to withdraw its long-lasting (12 hours) opioid painkiller, Opana ER, from the market after an FDA panel concluded the drug's benefits no longer outweighed the risks of abuse.  Endo is evaluating its options. ](/news/2017/06/8/the-u-s-food-and-drug-administration-asks-pharmaceutical-manufacturer-endo-international-plc-to-withdraw-its-long-lasting-12-hours-opioid.md) _Context: U.S. Food and Drug Administration_
4. [The U.S. FDA approves Tesaro's ovarian cancer drug, Niraparib. ](/news/2017/03/27/the-u-s-fda-approves-tesaro-s-ovarian-cancer-drug-niraparib.md) _Context: U.S. Food and Drug Administration_
5. [The People's Republic of China announces that it will prosecute 357 people for the illegal sale of vaccines. ](/news/2016/04/14/the-people-s-republic-of-china-announces-that-it-will-prosecute-357-people-for-the-illegal-sale-of-vaccines.md) _Context: vaccine_
6. [The United States Food and Drug Administration announces it has relaxed its official requirements regarding the use of the abortion drug Mifeprex (RU-486).  The current guidelines were based on 1990s medical evidence.  Changes include  reducing the number of physician visits required by abortion-seeking women, reducing drug dosage, and allowing women to take the drug for three weeks longer -- now a total of 70 days. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-announces-it-has-relaxed-its-official-requirements-regarding-the-use-of-the-abortion-drug-mif.md) _Context: U.S. Food and Drug Administration_
7. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves marketing of a cooling cap system to reduce hair loss  in female breast cancer patients during  chemotherapy. The DigniCap scalp cooling system, a  product  first available in Sweden in the 1990s, produces near-freezing temperatures that make it harder for cancer-fighting drugs to reach and harm hair follicles. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-marketing-of-a-cooling-cap-system-to-reduce-hair-loss-in-female-breast-cancer-patie.md) _Context: U.S. Food and Drug Administration_
8. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood.  ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: U.S. Food and Drug Administration_
9. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves the Merck & Co. drug, Bridion, that reverses the effects of muscle relaxants used during surgery. ](/news/2015/12/15/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-the-merck-co-drug-bridion-that-reverses-the-effects-of-muscle-relaxants-used-du.md) _Context: U.S. Food and Drug Administration_
10. [The U.S. Food and Drug Administration  approves a new, all-in-one pill to treat HIV patients that includes a new version of the drug tenofovir, which researchers think will help reduce side effects from the multi-drug regimens used for HIV. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-u-s-food-and-drug-administration-approves-a-new-all-in-one-pill-to-treat-hiv-patients-that-includes-a-new-version-of-the-drug-tenofov.md) _Context: U.S. Food and Drug Administration_
