### [2005-05-20](/news/2005/05/20/index.md)

#  2005 Pacific hurricane season: Two people die as Hurricane Adrian makes landfall near San Salvador, El Salvador.

A major storm, the first of the 2005 Pacific season, slammed into El Salvador Friday and then broke up over Honduras with its heavy rains still threatening dangerous flash floods and mudslides across Central America.


### Source:

1. [MSNBC](http://msnbc.msn.com/id/7896963/)

### Related:

1. [ Grupo TACA Flight 390, an Airbus A320 flying from San Salvador, El Salvador, crashes in Tegucigalpa, Honduras, after failing to land due to a wet runway. 18 casualties are reported, including the chairman of the Central American Bank for Economic Integration who suffered a heart attack after the crash. ](/news/2008/05/30/grupo-taca-flight-390-an-airbus-a320-flying-from-san-salvador-el-salvador-crashes-in-tegucigalpa-honduras-after-failing-to-land-due-to.md) _Context: El Salvador, San Salvador_
2. [ The Ilamatepec volcano erupts in a coffee-growing area 40 miles (60 km) west of San Salvador, El Salvador, spitting rock and ash into the air. The Salvadoran government evacuates hundreds of people in the region and there are no reported injuries. San Salvador's air quality - already the most polluted in Central America - is significantly worsened by the additional volcanic debris. [http://news.yahoo.com/s/nm/20051001/wl_nm/salvador_volcano_dc (Yahoo! news)](Link dead as of 22:37, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/10/1/the-ilamatepec-volcano-erupts-in-a-coffee-growing-area-40-miles-60-km-west-of-san-salvador-el-salvador-spitting-rock-and-ash-into-the-a.md) _Context: El Salvador, San Salvador_
3. [ 2005 Pacific hurricane season: Tropical Storm Adrian reaches hurricane strength, and is about 12 hours away from making landfall over or near El Salvador. ](/news/2005/05/19/2005-pacific-hurricane-season-tropical-storm-adrian-reaches-hurricane-strength-and-is-about-12-hours-away-from-making-landfall-over-or-ne.md) _Context: 2005 Pacific hurricane season, El Salvador_
4. [Crime in El Salvador: As the homicide rate in El Salvador declines, the country records its first day in the last two years without a homicide. ](/news/2017/01/11/crime-in-el-salvador-as-the-homicide-rate-in-el-salvador-declines-the-country-records-its-first-day-in-the-last-two-years-without-a-homici.md) _Context: El Salvador_
5. [A magnitude 7.0 earthquake occurs off the coast of El Salvador with the potential to cause a tsunami. Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega declares a state of emergency because of the quake and Hurricane Otto. ](/news/2016/11/24/a-magnitude-7-0-earthquake-occurs-off-the-coast-of-el-salvador-with-the-potential-to-cause-a-tsunami-nicaraguan-president-daniel-ortega-dec.md) _Context: El Salvador_
6. [El Salvador arrests former congressman Raul Mijango for allegedly attempting to smuggle banned items into prison and allegedly associating with gang members. ](/news/2016/05/3/el-salvador-arrests-former-congressman-raaol-mijango-for-allegedly-attempting-to-smuggle-banned-items-into-prison-and-allegedly-associating.md) _Context: El Salvador_
7. [Panama Papers: El Salvador officials seize documents and equipment during a raid of the local offices of Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca. Attorney General Douglas Melendez says authorities interviewed seven employees, and confiscated 20 computers and some documents. ](/news/2016/04/8/panama-papers-el-salvador-officials-seize-documents-and-equipment-during-a-raid-of-the-local-offices-of-panamanian-law-firm-mossack-fonseca.md) _Context: El Salvador_
8. [Crime in El Salvador: The government of El Salvador unveils and deploys a new heavily armed special forces unit to fight criminal gangs in rural areas of the country. Officials say it will target gang leaders who left the cities because of a government crackdown. ](/news/2016/04/21/crime-in-el-salvador-the-government-of-el-salvador-unveils-and-deploys-a-new-heavily-armed-special-forces-unit-to-fight-criminal-gangs-in-r.md) _Context: El Salvador_
9. [El Salvador declares a state of emergency in seven prisons and transfers 299 prisoners in a crackdown on gang violence. ](/news/2016/03/29/el-salvador-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-seven-prisons-and-transfers-299-prisoners-in-a-crackdown-on-gang-violence.md) _Context: El Salvador_
10. [El Salvador's murder rate surges by 70% in 2015, an increase that may lead to the Central American nation edging out Honduras as the world's most murderous nation. ](/news/2015/12/29/el-salvador-s-murder-rate-surges-by-70-in-2015-an-increase-that-may-lead-to-the-central-american-nation-edging-out-honduras-as-the-world-s.md) _Context: El Salvador_
