### [2005-05-20](/news/2005/05/20/index.md)

#  The town of Etoumbi in the Republic of the Congo is put under quarantine after an Ebola outbreak kills nine people. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/4565123.stm)

### Related:

1. [Republic of the Congo parliamentary election, 2017: Voters in the Republic of the Congo return to the polls for the second round of an election for 139 National Assembly members, after the governing Congolese Party of Labour won 70 seats in the first round two weeks earlier. ](/news/2017/07/30/republic-of-the-congo-parliamentary-election-2017-voters-in-the-republic-of-the-congo-return-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-an-elect.md) _Context: Republic of the Congo_
2. [Republic of the Congo parliamentary election, 2017: Voters in the Republic of the Congo participate in the first round of an election of National Assembly members. ](/news/2017/07/16/republic-of-the-congo-parliamentary-election-2017-voters-in-the-republic-of-the-congo-participate-in-the-first-round-of-an-election-of-nat.md) _Context: Republic of the Congo_
3. [Republic of the Congo presidential election, 2016: Fighting erupts between unknown assailants and police in the southern part of Brazzaville, capital of the Republic of the Congo, after a disputed Presidential election that brought Denis Sassou Nguesso back to power for a third term. The reason for the clashes is not immediately clear but they have taken place in districts where support for the opposition is strong. The government blames the violence on the Ninjas, a militant group active during the Second Republic of the Congo Civil War. ](/news/2016/04/4/republic-of-the-congo-presidential-election-2016-fighting-erupts-between-unknown-assailants-and-police-in-the-southern-part-of-brazzaville.md) _Context: Republic of the Congo_
4. [Republic of the Congo presidential election, 2016: Current President of the Republic of the Congo Denis Sassou Nguesso is reelected with 60 percent of the vote amid tight security and a communications blackout. Opposition leaders say that they will not accept the outcome. ](/news/2016/03/24/republic-of-the-congo-presidential-election-2016-current-president-of-the-republic-of-the-congo-denis-sassou-nguesso-is-reelected-with-60.md) _Context: Republic of the Congo_
5. [Republic of the Congo presidential election, 2016: Voters in the Republic of the Congo go to the polls with current President Denis Sassou Nguesso expected to extend his 32-year rule. Telephone, internet and SMS services have been shut down in what has been called a "media blackout." ](/news/2016/03/20/republic-of-the-congo-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-republic-of-the-congo-go-to-the-polls-with-current-president-denis-sassou-n.md) _Context: Republic of the Congo_
6. [For the first time since March 2014, Guinea is declared free from Ebola virus transmissions by the World Health Organization. ](/news/2015/12/29/for-the-first-time-since-march-2014-guinea-is-declared-free-from-ebola-virus-transmissions-by-the-world-health-organization.md) _Context: Ebola_
7. [Research shows that during the Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, the ReEBOV Antigen Rapid Test, developed by Corgenix, showed promise as a bedside rapid Ebola test, successfully detecting Ebolavirus. ](/news/2015/07/3/research-shows-that-during-the-ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-the-reebov-antigen-rapid-test-developed-by-corgenix-showed-promise-as.md) _Context: Ebola_
8. [According to University of Toronto researchers Donald Branch and Stephen McCarthy, a combination of three HIV drugs-lamivudine, AZT, and tenofovir-shows some promise fighting at least a lab-modified version (which could not infect humans) of Ebola. ](/news/2015/05/5/according-to-university-of-toronto-researchers-donald-branch-and-stephen-mccarthy-a-combination-of-three-hiv-drugs-lamivudine-azt-and-t.md) _Context: Ebola_
9. [An American man working at Managua's U.S. embassy provokes a security scare in Nicaragua; the country's health ministry quarantines the Ebola suspect and asks that he be removed from the country immediately. ](/news/2015/04/13/an-american-man-working-at-managua-s-u-s-embassy-provokes-a-security-scare-in-nicaragua-the-country-s-health-ministry-quarantines-the-ebol.md) _Context: Ebola_
10. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa: Liberia's last known ebola patient is discharged from a treatment center in Monrovia. The country now needs 42 days without a subsequent diagnosed infection to be declared disease free. ](/news/2015/03/5/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-liberia-s-last-known-ebola-patient-is-discharged-from-a-treatment-center-in-monrovia-the-country-now-n.md) _Context: Ebola_
