### [2002-11-4](/news/2002/11/4/index.md)

#  Turkey: Turkish Justice and Development Party (AK Party) has won the Turkish general election. The AK Party campaigned on economic and social issues, and downplayed its Islamist origins. The AK Party's chairman Recep Tayyip Erdogan is banned from holding political office, so someone else will become Turkish Prime Minister. Opponents of the AK Party have expressed concerns that the AK Party's victory may threaten the secular nature of the Turkish state.




### Related:

1. [Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu announces his resignation effective 22 May amid conflict with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan  over Turkey's increasingly authoritarian rule. Davutoglu said he would step down following an extraordinary meeting of AKP party leaders scheduled for May 22. ](/news/2016/05/5/turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-announces-his-resignation-effective-22-may-amid-conflict-with-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-over.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish, ruling party_
2. [Turkish local elections, 2014:Voters in Turkey go to the polls for municipal elections with Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan's Justice and Development Party claiming victory.  ](/news/2014/03/30/turkish-local-elections-2014-pvoters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-municipal-elections-with-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-s-justice.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish, ruling party_
3. [One policeman is killed and another injured when Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan's convoy is attacked after a campaign rally in northern Turkey; Erdogan was not in the convoy at the time of the attack. ](/news/2011/05/4/one-policeman-is-killed-and-another-injured-when-turkish-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-s-convoy-is-attacked-after-a-campaign-rally-in.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish, Turkish Prime Minister_
4. [ Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan says prosecutor Abdurrahman Yalcinkaya's proposal to ban the ruling Justice and Development Party is against the "national will". ](/news/2008/03/15/turkish-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-says-prosecutor-abdurrahman-yalassa-nkaya-s-proposal-to-ban-the-ruling-justice-and-development.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish, ruling party_
5. [ Turkish prosecutor Abdurrahman Yalcinkaya asks the Constitutional Court of Turkey to ban the ruling Justice and Development Party for anti-secular activities. ](/news/2008/03/13/turkish-prosecutor-abdurrahman-yalassa-nkaya-asks-the-constitutional-court-of-turkey-to-ban-the-ruling-justice-and-development-party-for-ant.md) _Context: Turkish, ruling party, secular_
6. [ At least 300,000 secularist Turks march in Ankara to warn the Islamist Prime Minister of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his party against seeking the presidency. ](/news/2007/04/14/at-least-300-000-secularist-turks-march-in-ankara-to-warn-the-islamist-prime-minister-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-and-his-party-against.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish, ruling party_
7. [Voters in Turkey go to the polls for a referendum that seeks to replace the country's parliamentary system with an executive presidency, thereby giving President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sweeping new powers. Erdogan's AK Party has claimed victory while the opposition CHP has said that it will challenge the result. ](/news/2017/04/16/voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-that-seeks-to-replace-the-country-s-parliamentary-system-with-an-executive-presidency-the.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish_
8. [Turkey bans the Dutch ambassador, Cornelis Van Rij, from returning to the Embassy of the Netherlands in Ankara, and closes its airspace to Dutch diplomats in response to a Dutch ban on Turkish ministers speaking at pro-Erdogan rallies. ](/news/2017/03/13/turkey-bans-the-dutch-ambassador-cornelis-van-rij-from-returning-to-the-embassy-of-the-netherlands-in-ankara-and-closes-its-airspace-to-d.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish_
9. [Amnesty International releases a report criticizing the rise of populist leaders such as Donald Trump of the United States, Viktor Orban of Hungary, Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. ](/news/2017/02/22/amnesty-international-releases-a-report-criticizing-the-rise-of-populist-leaders-such-as-donald-trump-of-the-united-states-viktor-orba-n-of.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish_
10. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens to open Turkey's borders to allow refugees and migrants to reach Europe after the European Parliament votes to temporarily freeze talks of Turkey's accession to the EU. ](/news/2016/11/25/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-to-open-turkey-s-borders-to-allow-refugees-and-migrants-to-reach-europe-after-the-european.md) _Context: Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish_
