### [2002-11-4](/news/2002/11/4/index.md)

#  Yemen: An AGM-114 Hellfire missile launched by an American drone airplane destroyed a car carrying what the United States claims were six members of al-Qaeda, including the mastermind of the USS "Cole" attack, Qaed Salim Sinan al-Harethi.




### Related:

1. [Yemeni Crisis (2011-present): Al Qaeda militants kill at least 13 Yemeni government troops near the city of Mukalla. ](/news/2016/05/12/yemeni-crisis-2011-present-al-qaeda-militants-kill-at-least-13-yemeni-government-troops-near-the-city-of-mukalla.md) _Context: Yemen, al-Qaeda_
2. [ War in Somalia: U.S. officials say unmanned airstrikes in southern Somalia killed about a dozen suspected militants from the al Qaeda-linked group al Shabaab on Monday and Tuesday. ](/news/2016/04/12/war-in-somalia-u-s-officials-say-unmanned-airstrikes-in-southern-somalia-killed-about-a-dozen-suspected-militants-from-the-al-qaeda-linke.md) _Context: al-Qaeda, drone_
3. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present): Yemen's top salafist cleric, Samahan Abdel-Aziz, is found dead, with signs of torture, in Sheikh Othman, Aden Governorate, after being abducted by gunmen outside his mosque after delivering a sermon against Al-Qaeda and the Islamic State. ](/news/2016/01/31/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-yemen-s-top-salafist-cleric-samahan-abdel-aziz-is-found-dead-with-signs-of-torture-in-sheikh-othman.md) _Context: Yemen, al-Qaeda_
4. [Yemeni Civil War (2015), Al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen: Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen: A drone strike kills four suspected Al-Qaeda militants in northern Yemen. ](/news/2015/09/12/yemeni-civil-war-2015-al-qaeda-insurgency-in-yemen-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-a-drone-strike-kills-four-suspected-al-qaeda.md) _Context: Yemen, al-Qaeda_
5. [al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen: Some 1,200 people escape from a Yemeni prison including al Qaeda members. ](/news/2015/06/30/al-qaeda-insurgency-in-yemen-some-1-200-people-escape-from-a-yemeni-prison-including-al-qaeda-members.md) _Context: Yemen, al-Qaeda_
6. [Yemeni Civil War: Fighters from the Al-Qaeda affiliated Ansar al-Sharia take control of an army base in southern Yemen. ](/news/2015/02/12/yemeni-civil-war-fighters-from-the-al-qaeda-affiliated-ansar-al-sharia-take-control-of-an-army-base-in-southern-yemen.md) _Context: Yemen, al-Qaeda_
7. [Shia insurgency in Yemen: Shiite Houthi rebels seize a Yemeni military base south of the capital, Sana'a, where U.S. military advisers once trained Yemeni counterterrorism forces to fight Al-Qaeda in the south of the country. Forces loyal to former President Ali Abdullah Saleh had manned the captured base. ](/news/2015/01/29/shia-insurgency-in-yemen-shiite-houthi-rebels-seize-a-yemeni-military-base-south-of-the-capital-sana-a-where-u-s-military-advisers-once.md) _Context: Yemen, al-Qaeda_
8. [Terrorism in Yemen: Gunmen abduct the chief of staff to Yemen's president in the center of the capital, Sana'a. It is uncertain if Shiite Houthi rebels or al-Qaeda militants kidnapped Ahmed Awad bin Mubarak. ](/news/2015/01/17/terrorism-in-yemen-gunmen-abduct-the-chief-of-staff-to-yemen-s-president-in-the-center-of-the-capital-sana-a-it-is-uncertain-if-shiite-ho.md) _Context: Yemen, al-Qaeda_
9. [al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen: Clashes between al-Qaeda and security forces leave 20 soldiers and 3 militants dead in Hodeidah province of western Yemen. ](/news/2014/11/1/al-qaeda-insurgency-in-yemen-clashes-between-al-qaeda-and-security-forces-leave-20-soldiers-and-3-militants-dead-in-hodeidah-province-of-we.md) _Context: Yemen, al-Qaeda_
10. [al-Qaeda insurgency in Yemen: al-Qaeda launches an attack on the south Yemen town of al-Bayda killing at least four soldiers before being beaten back by the army. ](/news/2014/10/8/al-qaeda-insurgency-in-yemen-al-qaeda-launches-an-attack-on-the-south-yemen-town-of-al-bayda-killing-at-least-four-soldiers-before-being-be.md) _Context: Yemen, al-Qaeda_
