### [2005-02-25](/news/2005/02/25/index.md)

#  A suicide bomber explodes himself at the entrance of the "Stage" club in Tel Aviv, killing at least 4 Israelis and wounding 38 more. Responsibility is reportedly claimed by Islamic Jihad. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/meast/02/25/telaviv.explosion/index.html)
2. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/545139.html)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: At least 32 people are injured, including one seriously, when a Palestinian suicide bomber detonates himself at a food stand near Tel Aviv's central bus station. Palestinian Islamic Jihad's al-Quds brigades claims responsibility for the attack. It is the first terrorist attack of the year in Israel. ](/news/2006/01/19/israeli-palestinian-conflict-at-least-32-people-are-injured-including-one-seriously-when-a-palestinian-suicide-bomber-detonates-himself.md) _Context: Palestinian Islamic Jihad, Tel Aviv_
2. [ Palestinian Islamic Jihad claims responsibility for two suicide bombings against Israelis. A car bomb detonates in the Shavey Shomron Israeli settlement on the West Bank causing no Israeli casualties. In Netanya, a suicide bomber kills three women at the HaSharon Mall. ](/news/2005/07/12/palestinian-islamic-jihad-claims-responsibility-for-two-suicide-bombings-against-israelis-a-car-bomb-detonates-in-the-shavey-shomron-israe.md) _Context: Palestinian Islamic Jihad, suicide bomber_
3. [ Following an Israeli raid on the Palestinian city of Tulkarm, one Israeli soldier and one Islamic Jihad leader are killed. The soldier was killed in a gunfight with 3 members of Palestinian Islamic Jihad. The three were suspected to have been part of the cell which was involved in Tel Aviv "Stage" club bombing in February 2005. Shafiq Abdul Rani, the leader of the Jihad cell in Tulkarm was killed and another militant was arrested. ](/news/2005/05/2/following-an-israeli-raid-on-the-palestinian-city-of-tulkarm-one-israeli-soldier-and-one-islamic-jihad-leader-are-killed-the-soldier-was.md) _Context: Palestinian Islamic Jihad, Tel Aviv_
4. [ Israeli troops kill Mohammed Abu Hazneh, a member of Palestinian Islamic Jihad and an alleged plotter of the recent Tel Aviv "Stage" nightclub suicide bombing. After he killed a K9 dog, the troops bulldozed his house, crushing him to death. ](/news/2005/03/10/israeli-troops-kill-mohammed-abu-hazneh-a-member-of-palestinian-islamic-jihad-and-an-alleged-plotter-of-the-recent-tel-aviv-stage-nightc.md) _Context: Palestinian Islamic Jihad, Tel Aviv_
5. [ Israel's Defence Minister blames Syria for complicity in yesterday's suicide bombing in Tel Aviv which killed 4 people. Syria denies links to the bombing. Islamic Jihad, from its headquarters in Damascus claims responsibility for the attack, stating it was designed to damage the Palestinian Authority for acting ""according to American interests"". ](/news/2005/02/26/israel-s-defence-minister-blames-syria-for-complicity-in-yesterday-s-suicide-bombing-in-tel-aviv-which-killed-4-people-syria-denies-links.md) _Context: Palestinian Islamic Jihad, Tel Aviv_
6. [ 20 killed, 136 wounded by an explosion on board an Israeli bus in Jerusalem. Among the victims are several children. The explosion was caused by a Palestinian suicide bomber. The Palestinian Islamic Jihad in Hebron claims responsibility for the attack. There are conflicting reports that Hamas is responsible for the bombing. Israeli government reportedly freezes road map for peace negotiations. In the following days, two additional victims died of their wounds, raising the death toll to 22., see also: Jerusalem bus 2 massacre](/news/2003/08/19/20-killed-136-wounded-by-an-explosion-on-board-an-israeli-bus-in-jerusalem-among-the-victims-are-several-children-the-explosion-was-caus.md) _Context: Palestinian Islamic Jihad, suicide bomber_
7. [ A suicide bomber kills three in a bar in Tel Aviv.](/news/2003/04/30/a-suicide-bomber-kills-three-in-a-bar-in-tel-aviv.md) _Context: Tel Aviv, suicide bomber_
8. [ Terrorist incident: A double suicide bombing shatters a busy area of Tel Aviv, Israel. 23 people are killed and about 100 are wounded. Both the Islamic Jihad and Hamas claim to be responsible for the double bombing.](/news/2003/01/5/terrorist-incident-a-double-suicide-bombing-shatters-a-busy-area-of-tel-aviv-israel-23-people-are-killed-and-about-100-are-wounded-both.md) _Context: Palestinian Islamic Jihad, Tel Aviv_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: After a suicide bomber kills 5 and wounds more than 60 on a bus next to Tel Aviv's Great Synagogue, Israeli troops, tanks, and bulldozers destroy buildings in Yasser Arafat's Ramallah headquarters.](/news/2002/09/19/israeli-palestinian-conflict-after-a-suicide-bomber-kills-5-and-wounds-more-than-60-on-a-bus-next-to-tel-aviv-s-great-synagogue-israeli-t.md) _Context: Tel Aviv, suicide bomber_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A suicide bomber explodes in My Coffee Shop, a Tel Aviv caf at around 9:30 p.m. local time, wounding 32 people.](/news/2002/03/30/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-suicide-bomber-explodes-in-my-coffee-shop-a-tel-aviv-cafe-at-around-9-30-p-m-local-time-wounding-32-peopl.md) _Context: Tel Aviv, suicide bomber_
