### [2010-05-26](/news/2010/05/26/index.md)

# International Criminal Court judges tell the UN Security Council that the Sudanese government is protecting suspects wanted for war crimes in Darfur instead of arresting them to face trial. 

Judges at the International Criminal Court want action on crimes committed during the Darfur crisis where more than 300,000 have died since 2003


### Source:

1. [The Globe and Mail](http://www.theglobeandmail.com/news/world/africa-mideast/sudan-protecting-war-crime-suspects-icc-tells-un/article1581193/)

### Related:

1. [The International Criminal Court issues an arrest warrant for Abdelrahim Mohamed Hussein, Sudan's Defence Minister, on war crimes charges in connection to Darfur. ](/news/2012/03/2/the-international-criminal-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-abdelrahim-mohamed-hussein-sudan-s-defence-minister-on-war-crimes-charges-in.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Sudan, war crimes_
2. [Ahmed Haroun, wanted by the International Criminal Court on charges of war crimes, is re-elected governor of the state of South Kordofan in Sudan. ](/news/2011/05/16/ahmed-haroun-wanted-by-the-international-criminal-court-on-charges-of-war-crimes-is-re-elected-governor-of-the-state-of-south-kordofan-in.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Sudan, war crimes_
3. [Sudan:: Many international leaders stay away from the inauguration of Omar al-Bashir, wanted by the International Criminal Court for war crimes in Darfur, as he is sworn in as President of Sudan but at least five African presidents attend the event along with two UN representatives. ](/news/2010/05/27/sudan-many-international-leaders-stay-away-from-the-inauguration-of-omar-al-bashir-wanted-by-the-international-criminal-court-for-war-cri.md) _Context: Darfur conflict, International Criminal Court, Sudan_
4. [ The International Criminal Court issues arrest warrants for Sudanese humanitarian affairs minister Ahmed Haroun and Janjaweed leader Ali Kushayb on charges of war crimes committed during the Darfur conflict. ](/news/2007/05/2/the-international-criminal-court-issues-arrest-warrants-for-sudanese-humanitarian-affairs-minister-ahmed-haroun-and-janjaweed-leader-ali-ku.md) _Context: Darfur conflict, International Criminal Court, Sudan_
5. [ The Chief Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court names the former Sudanese minister Ahmed Muhammad Harun and Janjaweed militia leader Ali Kushayb as chief suspects in its investigation into alleged war crimes and crimes against humanity in Darfur. The Government of Sudan has announced that it will not hand over the named men to the ICC. ](/news/2007/02/27/the-chief-prosecutor-of-the-international-criminal-court-names-the-former-sudanese-minister-ahmed-muhammad-harun-and-janjaweed-militia-lead.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Sudan, war crimes_
6. [ Sudan rejects the UN's decision to use the International Criminal Court to try criminals in relation to the atrocities of the Darfur conflict, and instead opens its own recently-created special court. ](/news/2005/06/14/sudan-rejects-the-un-s-decision-to-use-the-international-criminal-court-to-try-criminals-in-relation-to-the-atrocities-of-the-darfur-confli.md) _Context: Darfur conflict, International Criminal Court, Sudan_
7. [ The first arrests are made for war crimes in Darfur, Sudan: 15 officials in South Darfur are accused of rape, murder, and other crimes related to the Darfur conflict. Whether they will be tried in a Sudanese or international court is uncertain at this time. ](/news/2005/03/28/the-first-arrests-are-made-for-war-crimes-in-darfur-sudan-15-officials-in-south-darfur-are-accused-of-rape-murder-and-other-crimes-rela.md) _Context: Darfur conflict, Sudan, war crimes_
8. [ The government of Sudan rejects the United Nations' demand that the suspects of war crimes in the violence ridden western Sudanese region of Darfur would be put before the International Criminal Court in The Hague. ](/news/2005/02/17/the-government-of-sudan-rejects-the-united-nations-demand-that-the-suspects-of-war-crimes-in-the-violence-ridden-western-sudanese-region-o.md) _Context: Darfur conflict, International Criminal Court, Sudan_
9. [South Africa formally begins the process of withdrawing from the International Criminal Court amid a dispute over the country's refusal to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir at last year's African Union summit in Johannesburg. ](/news/2016/10/21/south-africa-formally-begins-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-amid-a-dispute-over-the-country-s-refusal-to-a.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Sudan_
10. [South Africa plans to leave the International Criminal Court (ICC) as the government faces criticism for, earlier this year, ignoring a court order to arrest Sudan's president. ](/news/2015/10/11/south-africa-plans-to-leave-the-international-criminal-court-icc-as-the-government-faces-criticism-for-earlier-this-year-ignoring-a-cour.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Sudan_
