### [2010-05-26](/news/2010/05/26/index.md)

# Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev disagree over Russia's support for United Nations sanctions concerning Iran's nuclear program, with some analysts describing it as the worst row between the countries for several years. 

Iran and Russia clashed on Wednesday over Kremlin support for draft U.N. sanctions against the Islamic Republic, in one of the worst rows between the two powers since the Cold War.


### Source:

1. [Buenos Aires Herald](http://www.buenosairesherald.com/BreakingNews/View/34310)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSLDE64P0VV20100526)
2. [Cover Image](http://s3.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20100526&t=2&i=113337535&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=2010-05-26T164152Z_01_BTRE64P1ADV00_RTROPTP_0_IRAN)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations finds Iran's firing of a medium-range ballistic missile in October violated a June 2010 resolution banning the Islamic Republic from launches capable of delivering nuclear weapons. The test was not technically a violation of the July nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers. It's not known if the Security Council will take any action. ](/news/2015/12/15/the-united-nations-finds-iran-s-firing-of-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-in-october-violated-a-june-2010-resolution-banning-the-islamic-re.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations, nuclear program_
2. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saudi.md) _Context: Iran, Russia, United Nations_
3. [Iran's former nuclear negotiator Hassan Rouhani enters the race to succeed President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, accusing the incumbent of needlessly incurring crippling economic sanctions. ](/news/2013/04/12/iran-s-former-nuclear-negotiator-hassan-rouhani-enters-the-race-to-succeed-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-accusing-the-incumbent-of-needless.md) _Context: Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, nuclear program_
4. [Iran and world powers, including the United States, Russia, and China, begin talks about Iran's nuclear program. ](/news/2012/04/14/iran-and-world-powers-including-the-united-states-russia-and-china-begin-talks-about-iran-s-nuclear-program.md) _Context: Iran, Russia, nuclear program_
5. [Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad says the International Atomic Energy Agency report is based on "empty claims" and that Iran would not budge from its nuclear program despite allegations it may be trying to develop nuclear weapons; European countries and the US say they will consider fresh sanctions against Iran. ](/news/2011/11/9/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-says-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-report-is-based-on-empty-claims-and-that-iran-would-not.md) _Context: Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, nuclear program_
6. [A group of international diplomats begins a two-day tour given by Iran as a gesture of goodwill and transparency in response to foreign concerns over its nuclear program. The European Union, Russia, and the People's Republic of China refuses its invitation. ](/news/2011/01/15/a-group-of-international-diplomats-begins-a-two-day-tour-given-by-iran-as-a-gesture-of-goodwill-and-transparency-in-response-to-foreign-conc.md) _Context: Iran, Russia, nuclear program_
7. [Russia will refund Iran for the canceled the sale of an air defense missile system following United Nations sanctions against Iran's nuclear program ](/news/2010/10/7/russia-will-refund-iran-for-the-canceled-the-sale-of-an-air-defense-missile-system-following-united-nations-sanctions-against-iranas-nucle.md) _Context: Iran, Russia, nuclear program_
8. [European Union leaders approve sanctions in Brussels, including bans on investments and oil/gas technology transfers, against Iran, harsher than recent sanctions imposed by the United Nations. Russia calls these and sanctions by the United States "unacceptable". ](/news/2010/06/17/european-union-leaders-approve-sanctions-in-brussels-including-bans-on-investments-and-oil-gas-technology-transfers-against-iran-harsher.md) _Context: Iran, Russia, United Nations_
9. [ Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad says the government is ready for a deal on its nuclear program. ](/news/2009/10/29/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-says-the-government-is-ready-for-a-deal-on-its-nuclear-program.md) _Context: Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, nuclear program_
10. [ Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad heads for New York to attend the United Nations General Assembly. ](/news/2009/09/22/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-heads-for-new-york-to-attend-the-united-nations-general-assembly.md) _Context: Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, United Nations_
