### [2010-05-26](/news/2010/05/26/index.md)

# Iraq announces the dissolution of state-owned Iraqi Airways over the next three years and the pursuit of private options to avoid asset claims made by Kuwait over their 1990-91 war. 

Airline to close in three years to avoid asset claims from Kuwait over their 1990-91 war.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/middleeast/2010/05/2010526133236850746.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.aljazeera.com)

### Related:

1. [Al Arabiya television reports that three rockets have hit the border area between Kuwait and Iraq. ](/news/2011/08/26/al-arabiya-television-reports-that-three-rockets-have-hit-the-border-area-between-kuwait-and-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, Kuwait_
2. [The United States ends combat operations in Iraq as its last combat brigade departs for Kuwait. ](/news/2010/08/18/the-united-states-ends-combat-operations-in-iraq-as-its-last-combat-brigade-departs-for-kuwait.md) _Context: Iraq, Kuwait_
3. [ Kuwait names Ali al-Momen as its first ambassador to Iraq since the Gulf War. ](/news/2008/07/17/kuwait-names-ali-al-momen-as-its-first-ambassador-to-iraq-since-the-gulf-war.md) _Context: Iraq, Kuwait_
4. [ An independent investigation into $8.2 billion in United States Department of Defense spending in Iraq, as well as aid to Egypt and Kuwait since 2001 finds that 95% of payments to contractors failed to meet requirements for documentation to determine what was paid for. ](/news/2008/05/23/an-independent-investigation-into-8-2-billion-in-united-states-department-of-defense-spending-in-iraq-as-well-as-aid-to-egypt-and-kuwait.md) _Context: Iraq, Kuwait_
5. [ Justice officials in Kuwait, with assistance from United Nations war crimes expert Sharif Basyouni, complete an indictment against Saddam Hussein and several former Iraqi officials for crimes against humanity during the 1990 invasion of Kuwait. ](/news/2005/05/11/justice-officials-in-kuwait-with-assistance-from-united-nations-war-crimes-expert-sharif-basyouni-complete-an-indictment-against-saddam-h.md) _Context: Iraq, Kuwait_
6. [ U.S. Military officials report that 102 soldiers, 85% of which are serving in Iraq, Kuwait and Afghanistan, have contracted a rather rare blood infection by Acinetobacter baumannii. Military investigators say there is no evidence of biochemical agents in the infection which surfaces occasionally in unsanitary hospitals, but that some soldiers were arriving with infections. ](/news/2004/11/19/u-s-military-officials-report-that-102-soldiers-85-of-which-are-serving-in-iraq-kuwait-and-afghanistan-have-contracted-a-rather-rare-b.md) _Context: Iraq, Kuwait_
7. [ The Kuwaiti newspaper "A-Siasa" reports that Palestinian and international terrorist organizations have decided at a recent Beirut conference to launch a wave of terror attacks against Israeli and Jewish interests worldwide. According to the report, there will also be similar attacks against coalition troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. The conference, which took place at the start of February, was also said to have been attended by senior members of the Syrian, Lebanese and Iranian intelligence services who presented a list of Israeli intelligence officials to be assassinated. Organizations in attendance included: Al-Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, Hezbollah, Hamas, Islamic Jihad. ](/news/2004/02/19/the-kuwaiti-newspaper-a-siasa-reports-that-palestinian-and-international-terrorist-organizations-have-decided-at-a-recent-beirut-conferen.md) _Context: Iraq, Kuwait_
8. [ Polish soldiers of the United States-led Coalition discovered four advanced missiles around central Iraq in the Hilla region near a highway. The Roland-type French-made missiles (which are fired from a mobile launcher vehicle against low flying aircraft) were initially believed to have been manufactured earlier in 2003. Arms exports to Iraq had been barred by the United Nations after the 1990 invasion of Kuwait. France says it last shipped Roland missiles to Iraq in 1986. The Polish soldiers were later found to have misinterpreted markings that read 07-01-KND 2003 as a date on the missiles.url=http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=3558401 title=Breaking News, Top News & Latest News Headlines - Reuters.com December 2015](/news/2003/10/3/polish-soldiers-of-the-united-states-led-coalition-discovered-four-advanced-missiles-around-central-iraq-in-the-hilla-region-near-a-highway.md) _Context: Iraq, Kuwait_
9. [ Saudi Arabia deploys 3,300 troops to Kuwait in preparation for a potential Iraq conflict.](/news/2003/03/5/saudi-arabia-deploys-3-300-troops-to-kuwait-in-preparation-for-a-potential-iraq-conflict.md) _Context: Iraq, Kuwait_
10. [Seven people are killed and 13 are injured after suicide bombers hit a state-run power station near the northern city of Samarra, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/09/2/seven-people-are-killed-and-13-are-injured-after-suicide-bombers-hit-a-state-run-power-station-near-the-northern-city-of-samarra-iraq-the.md) _Context: Iraq_
