### [2010-05-26](/news/2010/05/26/index.md)

# More than 80 students are sickened in a girls' school in Kunduz, Afghanistan, in a poison gas attack suspected to have been carried out by Taliban assailants whose version of Islam is opposed to girls being educated.




### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/news/world/afghanistan/2010-05-27-afghanistan-girls_N.htm)

### Related:

1. [ War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Suspect Taliban militants kill nine and kidnap 170 in an attack on three passenger buses in Kunduz, Afghanistan. ](/news/2016/05/31/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-suspect-taliban-militants-kill-nine-and-kidnap-170-in-an-attack-on-three-passenger-buses-in-kunduz-af.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kunduz, Taliban_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Heavy fighting continues in the north of Afghanistan as Taliban fighters intensify their attacks in several districts around Kunduz in their bid to retake the city. According to a police chief, militants overnight attacked several police checkpoints in the southwest outskirts of the city while government forces repelled a major attack to the east of Kunduz. ](/news/2016/04/17/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-heavy-fighting-continues-in-the-north-of-afghanistan-as-taliban-fighters-intensify-their-attacks-in-sev.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kunduz, Taliban_
3. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): According to a police chief, at least 40 Taliban fighters are killed after launching an offensive against Afghan security forces to seize the strategic northern city of Kunduz while four security force personnel are also killed. ](/news/2016/04/16/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-according-to-a-police-chief-at-least-40-taliban-fighters-are-killed-after-launching-an-offensive-again.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kunduz, Taliban_
4. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A battle rages in the Kunduz Province of Afghanistan as the Taliban launches its spring offensive to capture the city of Kunduz. According to a Taliban spokesperson, several outposts already fell to them but this could not be verified immediately while a police chief says that the security forces were keeping "the situation under control". ](/news/2016/04/15/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-battle-rages-in-the-kunduz-province-of-afghanistan-as-the-taliban-launches-its-spring-offensive-to-ca.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kunduz, Taliban_
5. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Battle of Kunduz: The United Nations mission in Afghanistan reports 289 civilians were killed ("301 with MSF update") and 559 injured during fighting in Kunduz between Taliban militants and Afghan National Security Forces in September and October. The U.N. says these numbers include casualties from the friendly-fire attack on the Doctors Without Borders hospital and noted the totals were likely to rise as more information becomes available. ](/news/2015/12/12/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-battle-of-kunduz-the-united-nations-mission-in-afghanistan-reports-289-civilians-were-killed-301-wit.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kunduz, Taliban_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Carrying coffins holding the beheaded bodies of seven ethnic Hazara, thousands of demonstrators from Afghanistan's different ethnic groups - Pashtun, Tajik, Uzbek, and Hazara - march on the Presidential Palace in Kabul, urging the government to take action against the rising violence against Afghan civilians. The murders, which the United Nations denounced as a potential war crime, have fueled a growing sense of insecurity since the Taliban briefly seized control of Kunduz in late September. ](/news/2015/11/11/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-carrying-coffins-holding-the-beheaded-bodies-of-seven-ethnic-hazara-thousands-of-demonstrators-from-af.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kunduz, Taliban_
7. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): The Taliban seize control of the provincial capital of Kunduz in northern Afghanistan. Locals say militants have raised their flag above the city's main square. ](/news/2015/09/28/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-the-taliban-seize-control-of-the-provincial-capital-of-kunduz-in-northern-afghanistan-locals-say-milit.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kunduz, Taliban_
8. [ More than 90 people, among them at least 40 civilians, are killed when an American jetfighter called in by German troops attacks two fuel tankers hijacked by Taliban-insurgents in Kunduz, northern Afghanistan. ](/news/2009/09/4/more-than-90-people-among-them-at-least-40-civilians-are-killed-when-an-american-jetfighter-called-in-by-german-troops-attacks-two-fuel-t.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kunduz, Taliban_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): An Afghan soldier kills 3 U.S. troops and injures 1 other in Achin, Nangarhar Province. The Taliban claims responsibility, saying the Afghan soldier was one of several Taliban infiltrators in the Afghan Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/06/10/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-an-afghan-soldier-kills-3-u-s-troops-and-injures-1-other-in-achin-nangarhar-province-the-taliban-cla.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban_
10. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A Taliban raid kills at least 20 Afghan police officers in southern Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/05/21/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-taliban-raid-kills-at-least-20-afghan-police-officers-in-southern-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban_
