### [2010-05-26](/news/2010/05/26/index.md)

# Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemns Iran, saying his people were "hijacked, at the hands of the Iranians"; possibly referring to Hamas's refusal to reconcile with Fatah on Iran's command by announcing on that it would boycott the Palestinian municipal elections 




### Source:

1. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/MiddleEast/Article.aspx?id=176514)

### Related:

1. [Top Fatah members aligned with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas asked Israel to attack Hamas ahead of Hamas' violent takeover of the Gaza Strip in 2007, according to a US diplomatic cable published by Wikileaks. ](/news/2010/12/21/top-fatah-members-aligned-with-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-asked-israel-to-attack-hamas-ahead-of-hamasa-violent-takeover.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority_
2. [Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the State of Palestine, announces a unity cabinet containing members of both Fatah and Hamas. ](/news/2014/06/2/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-state-of-palestine-announces-a-unity-cabinet-containing-members-of-both-fatah-and-hamas.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas_
3. [Israel suspends peace talks with the Palestinian Authority following an announcement of a unity agreement between the ruling Palestinian faction Fatah and the militant Hamas rulers of Gaza. ](/news/2014/04/24/israel-suspends-peace-talks-with-the-palestinian-authority-following-an-announcement-of-a-unity-agreement-between-the-ruling-palestinian-fac.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, Palestinian Authority_
4. [Human rights organizations say the Palestinian Authority is depriving Palestinians in Gaza affiliated with Hamas of passports; Hamas has retaliated by depriving Gazans belonging to Fatah of their passports. ](/news/2010/11/8/human-rights-organizations-say-the-palestinian-authority-is-depriving-palestinians-in-gaza-affiliated-with-hamas-of-passports-hamas-has-ret.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, Palestinian Authority_
5. [ Hamas militants are considering lighter ceasefire terms offered by Fatah, specifically Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. They are giving Israel until May 27 to respond to this agreement, that would only end Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip. Hamas has said, however, that they are not completely committed to their offer. Israeli attack helicopters launch missile strikes on a various facilities, including a security facility near Palestinian Prime Minister Haniyeh's home. At least three people are injured by the air strikes. ](/news/2007/05/26/hamas-militants-are-considering-lighter-ceasefire-terms-offered-by-fatah-specifically-palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-they-are-giving.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas_
6. [ Palestinian factional violence: Hamas gunmen ambush a convoy carrying weapons to Mahmoud Abbas's presidential guard unit. Six Fatah members are killed, more than 70 people are wounded and 12 others are kidnapped in ensuing battles. ](/news/2007/02/1/palestinian-factional-violence-hamas-gunmen-ambush-a-convoy-carrying-weapons-to-mahmoud-abbas-s-presidential-guard-unit-six-fatah-members.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas_
7. [ Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and Hamas leader Khaled Mashal meet together in Syria to try to end violence between the two factions. However, differences remain and talks will resume possibly next week. ](/news/2007/01/21/palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-and-hamas-leader-khaled-mashal-meet-together-in-syria-to-try-to-end-violence-between-the-two.md) _Context: Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority_
8. [ A planned meeting between Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas and Hamas leader Khaled Meshaal is postponed. ](/news/2007/01/20/a-planned-meeting-between-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-and-hamas-leader-khaled-meshaal-is-postponed.md) _Context: Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority_
9. [ Masked gunmen kill an officer of an elite force loyal to the President of PNA Mahmoud Abbas in a dawn raid on a Gaza training camp as tensions worsen between Hamas and Fatah. ](/news/2006/12/17/masked-gunmen-kill-an-officer-of-an-elite-force-loyal-to-the-president-of-pna-mahmoud-abbas-in-a-dawn-raid-on-a-gaza-training-camp-as-tensi.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas_
10. [ Hamas announces the formation of its new cabinet to govern the territory under the control of the Palestinian Authority. Hamas, however, in a last-ditch effort to include the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine in the government, postponed by one day the submission of the new cabinet to the approval of PNA President Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2006/03/18/hamas-announces-the-formation-of-its-new-cabinet-to-govern-the-territory-under-the-control-of-the-palestinian-authority-hamas-however-in.md) _Context: Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority_
