### [2010-05-26](/news/2010/05/26/index.md)

# The International Criminal Court reports Sudan to the United Nations Security Council for refusing to arrest former Minister Ahmed Haroun and militia leader Ali Muhammad Al Abd-Al-Rahman. 

The International Criminal Court reports Sudan to the UN Security Council for refusing to arrest two suspected Darfur war criminals.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/africa/10167800.stm)

### Related:

1. [Ahmed Haroun, wanted by the International Criminal Court on charges of war crimes, is re-elected governor of the state of South Kordofan in Sudan. ](/news/2011/05/16/ahmed-haroun-wanted-by-the-international-criminal-court-on-charges-of-war-crimes-is-re-elected-governor-of-the-state-of-south-kordofan-in.md) _Context: Ahmed Haroun, International Criminal Court, Sudan_
2. [The International Criminal Court asks the United Nations Security Council to take action over Djibouti's failure to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir, who was indicted by the court on charges of war crimes. ](/news/2011/05/12/the-international-criminal-court-asks-the-united-nations-security-council-to-take-action-over-djibouti-s-failure-to-arrest-sudanese-presiden.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Sudan, United Nations Security Council_
3. [The International Criminal Court reports Kenya to the United Nations Security Council over a visit by Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir to the country. ](/news/2010/08/28/the-international-criminal-court-reports-kenya-to-the-united-nations-security-council-over-a-visit-by-sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-to-t.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Sudan, United Nations Security Council_
4. [ The International Criminal Court issues arrest warrants for Sudanese humanitarian affairs minister Ahmed Haroun and Janjaweed leader Ali Kushayb on charges of war crimes committed during the Darfur conflict. ](/news/2007/05/2/the-international-criminal-court-issues-arrest-warrants-for-sudanese-humanitarian-affairs-minister-ahmed-haroun-and-janjaweed-leader-ali-ku.md) _Context: Ahmed Haroun, International Criminal Court, Sudan_
5. [South Africa formally begins the process of withdrawing from the International Criminal Court amid a dispute over the country's refusal to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir at last year's African Union summit in Johannesburg. ](/news/2016/10/21/south-africa-formally-begins-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-amid-a-dispute-over-the-country-s-refusal-to-a.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Sudan_
6. [The United Nations General Assembly passes a resolution condemning North Korea's human rights abuses and calls on the Security Council to refer violations to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2015/12/17/the-united-nations-general-assembly-passes-a-resolution-condemning-north-korea-s-human-rights-abuses-and-calls-on-the-security-council-to-re.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, United Nations Security Council_
7. [South Africa plans to leave the International Criminal Court (ICC) as the government faces criticism for, earlier this year, ignoring a court order to arrest Sudan's president. ](/news/2015/10/11/south-africa-plans-to-leave-the-international-criminal-court-icc-as-the-government-faces-criticism-for-earlier-this-year-ignoring-a-cour.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Sudan_
8. [Sudanese general election, 2015: Sudan's Electoral Commission declares that incumbent President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir won re-election with 94.4 per cent of the vote extending his 25 year rule. He has been indicted multiple times by the International Criminal Court for being personally responsible for war crimes committed in Darfur and elsewhere in Sudan. ](/news/2015/04/27/sudanese-general-election-2015-sudan-s-electoral-commission-declares-that-incumbent-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-won-re-election-with.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, Sudan_
9. [Russia and China veto a U.N. Security Council resolution that would have asked the International Criminal Court to investigate war crimes in Syria. ](/news/2014/05/23/russia-and-china-veto-a-u-n-security-council-resolution-that-would-have-asked-the-international-criminal-court-to-investigate-war-crimes-in.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, United Nations Security Council_
10. [Syrian Civil War: Human rights investigators from the United Nations expand a secret list of people in Syria suspected of committing war crimes. Diplomat Paulo Srgio Pinheiro urges the U.N. Security Council to bring the situation to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2012/09/17/syrian-civil-war-human-rights-investigators-from-the-united-nations-expand-a-secret-list-of-people-in-syria-suspected-of-committing-war-cri.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, United Nations Security Council_
