### [2009-05-29](/news/2009/05/29/index.md)

#  The United States Department of Defense will create a computer-security military command. 




### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2009/05/29/us/politics/29cyber.html?_r=1&hp)

### Related:

1. [China-United States relations: The Chinese Defense Ministry says it is in talks with the United States about returning an underwater drone taken Thursday from the South China Sea. The Pentagon says the drone, used for gathering weather and temperature data, is not armed. ](/news/2016/12/17/china-united-states-relations-the-chinese-defense-ministry-says-it-is-in-talks-with-the-united-states-about-returning-an-underwater-drone.md) _Context: U.S. military, United States_
2. [War in Somalia (2009-present): According to the Pentagon, more than 150 al-Shabaab fighters are reportedly killed Saturday by U.S. manned and unmanned aircraft strikes targeting a training camp near the central Somali town of Buloburde. ](/news/2016/03/7/war-in-somalia-2009-present-according-to-the-pentagon-more-than-150-al-shabaab-fighters-are-reportedly-killed-saturday-by-u-s-manned.md) _Context: U.S. military, United States_
3. [American-led intervention in Iraq (2014-present): A United States Department of Defense official says a U.S. soldier was killed in the town of Makhmur, Erbil Governorate, by a rocket fired by ISIL. "It was a lucky strike by ISIS," according to the official. ](/news/2016/03/19/american-led-intervention-in-iraq-2014-present-a-united-states-department-of-defense-official-says-a-u-s-soldier-was-killed-in-the-tow.md) _Context: U.S. military, United States_
4. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea: A United States Navy guided missile destroyer, "USS Curtis Wilbur" (DDG-54), sails within 12 nautical miles of the disputed Triton Island. The Pentagon said that the mission aimed at countering the "excessive maritime claims of parties that claim the Paracel Islands", while China's Ministry of Defense said the U.S. action -severely violated the law." ](/news/2016/01/30/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-a-united-states-navy-guided-missile-destroyer-uss-curtis-wilbur-ddg-54-sails-within-12-na.md) _Context: U.S. military, United States_
5. [The Republican Speaker of the House Paul Ryan and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell distance the party from presidential candidate Donald Trump-s recent comments calling for a ban on Muslims entering the United States. While not entering into a political fray - in view of U.S. partnerships with Muslim nations and Muslim personnel serving in the United States Armed Forces - the Pentagon press secretary calls anti-Muslim rhetoric a national security threat. ](/news/2015/12/9/the-republican-speaker-of-the-house-paul-ryan-and-senate-majority-leader-mitch-mcconnell-distance-the-party-from-presidential-candidate-dona.md) _Context: U.S. military, United States_
6. [Lockheed Martin vice president of air and missile defense Mike Trotsky tells the National Press Club in Washington, D.C., that the United States and South Korea are holding both formal and informal discussions on THAAD (Terminal High Altitude Area Defense System) deployment. South Korea's Defense Ministry and the U.S. Department of Defense deny the report. ](/news/2015/10/29/lockheed-martin-vice-president-of-air-and-missile-defense-mike-trotsky-tells-the-national-press-club-in-washington-d-c-that-the-united-st.md) _Context: U.S. military, United States_
7. [Syrian Civil War: The United States and Russia sign an agreement designed to avoid conflict between both countries' warplanes in Syria. The Pentagon said the agreement will remain secret; a hotline will enable both countries to directly communicate. ](/news/2015/10/20/syrian-civil-war-the-united-states-and-russia-sign-an-agreement-designed-to-avoid-conflict-between-both-countries-warplanes-in-syria-the.md) _Context: U.S. military, United States_
8. [Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: The Pentagon raises security at its US military bases due to a growing jihadist threat in the United States and a recent shooting in Garland, Texas. ](/news/2015/05/7/islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-the-pentagon-raises-security-at-its-us-military-bases-due-to-a-growing-jihadist-threat-in-the-united-s.md) _Context: U.S. military, United States_
9. [ The United States Defense Department allows news agencies to publicize photographs of the coffins of soldiers killed in Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2009/02/26/the-united-states-defense-department-allows-news-agencies-to-publicize-photographs-of-the-coffins-of-soldiers-killed-in-iraq-and-afghanista.md) _Context: U.S. military, United States_
10. [ Gregg Bergersen, a United States Defense Department Analyst, is arrested and charged with espionage after being accused of leaking American military secrets to the Chinese government. ](/news/2008/02/11/gregg-bergersen-a-united-states-defense-department-analyst-is-arrested-and-charged-with-espionage-after-being-accused-of-leaking-american.md) _Context: U.S. military, United States_
