### [2011-03-12](/news/2011/03/12/index.md)

# A Palestinian militant armed with a knife infiltrates the West Bank settlement of Itamar and stabs to death two Israeli parents and three of their children. 

The attack in Itamar, a religious settlement in the northern West Bank, was the first against settlers in months.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2011/03/12/world/middleeast/12mideast.html?_r=1)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: 3 Palestinian militants die following an Israeli attack in the West Bank city of Jenin. ](/news/2005/10/31/israeli-palestinian-conflict-3-palestinian-militants-die-following-an-israeli-attack-in-the-west-bank-city-of-jenin.md) _Context: Palestinian, West Bank_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Two Palestinian militants have died following an Israeli raid into the West Bank area of Tulkarm. ](/news/2005/10/24/israeli-palestinian-conflict-two-palestinian-militants-have-died-following-an-israeli-raid-into-the-west-bank-area-of-tulkarm.md) _Context: Palestinian, West Bank_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: One Israeli is killed in West Bank ambush after Palestinian militants shot his car. The Islamic Jihad claimed responsibility, calling it retaliation for arrests of Islamic Jihad members. [http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3101323,00.html (Ynet)], [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/589578.html (Haaretz)] An unarmed Palestinian teenager, Ihab an-Nabahin, is shot by Israelis in a closed border area of the Gaza Strip, and killed according to Palestinian sources. ([http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4110466.stm BBC]) ([http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/B65FF554-B970-4C7A-BF73-F874BA839EE4.htm Al-Jazeera]) According to the Israeli army, a Palestinian female suicide bomber was caught in the Erez Crossing, carrying explosives and a detonator in her underwear. Israeli media added that she planned to carry out a suicide bombing attack in the Soroka hospital, where she received medical treatment and was scheduled for a doctor's appointment (the army has not confirmed this.) The woman was identified as Wafa Samir Ibrahim Bass and said she was sent by the Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades. The al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades decline to comment. [http://www.haaretz.com (Haaretz NewsFlash)], [http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3101498,00.html (Ynet)] ([http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4110466.stm BBC]) ([http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/B65FF554-B970-4C7A-BF73-F874BA839EE4.htm Al-Jazeera])](/news/2005/06/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-one-israeli-is-killed-in-west-bank-ambush-after-palestinian-militants-shot-his-car-the-islamic-jihad-claime.md) _Context: Palestinian, West Bank_
4. [An Israeli soldier is killed during a car ramming attack near Ofra, in the West Bank. Another Israeli soldier was injured. A Palestinian suspected of committing the attack is taken into custody. ](/news/2017/04/6/an-israeli-soldier-is-killed-during-a-car-ramming-attack-near-ofra-in-the-west-bank-another-israeli-soldier-was-injured-a-palestinian-sus.md) _Context: West Bank_
5. [Israeli authorities shoot into a car that was on a ramming attack at a bus shelter at the Gush Etzion Junction in the West Bank where 13 Palestinians and 3 Israelis have been killed since October 2015. A 16-year-old Palestinian, Fatima Jibrin Taqatqa, had lost control of her car and the teenager now remains in critical condition. ](/news/2017/03/15/israeli-authorities-shoot-into-a-car-that-was-on-a-ramming-attack-at-a-bus-shelter-at-the-gush-etzion-junction-in-the-west-bank-where-13-pal.md) _Context: West Bank_
6. [Israel passes the Regulation Law which retroactively legalizes 4,000 housing units in 16 settlements on Area C West Bank occupied Palestinian territories. ](/news/2017/02/6/israel-passes-the-regulation-law-which-retroactively-legalizes-4-000-housing-units-in-16-settlements-on-area-c-west-bank-occupied-palestinia.md) _Context: West Bank_
7. [Hundreds of right-wing activists gather to protest the court-ordered demolition of the Israeli settlement Ofra, which was built on private Palestinian land in the West Bank. Israeli police are evacuating nine homes in the settlement, despite hunger strikes and people barricading themselves inside. ](/news/2017/02/28/hundreds-of-right-wing-activists-gather-to-protest-the-court-ordered-demolition-of-the-israeli-settlement-ofra-which-was-built-on-private-p.md) _Context: West Bank_
8. [The White House cautions Israel that building new settlements  or expanding existing settlements in  the West Bank, "... may not be helpful in achieving (peace)." ](/news/2017/02/2/the-white-house-cautions-israel-that-building-new-settlements-or-expanding-existing-settlements-in-the-west-bank-may-not-be-helpful.md) _Context: West Bank_
9. [Israeli security forces begin evicting people from the illegal Amona, Mateh Binyamin, outpost built on private Palestinian-owned land near Ramallah in the central West Bank. The Supreme Court ordered residents to leave the area last year. ](/news/2017/02/1/israeli-security-forces-begin-evicting-people-from-the-illegal-amona-mateh-binyamin-outpost-built-on-private-palestinian-owned-land-near-r.md) _Context: West Bank_
10. [Israel announces it will build an entirely new settlement in the West Bank for the first time in about twenty years. Many in the international community believe that such settlements are illegal but Israel disputes that. The settlement program is illegal under international law. ](/news/2017/02/1/israel-announces-it-will-build-an-entirely-new-settlement-in-the-west-bank-for-the-first-time-in-about-twenty-years-many-in-the-internation.md) _Context: West Bank_
