### [2011-03-12](/news/2011/03/12/index.md)

# An estimated 800 motorists are stranded on Interstate 94 and U.S. Route 83 in North Dakota by a blizzard. 

State officials said approximately 800 stranded motorists were rescued Friday along I-94 and Highway 83 after a blizzard shutdown most the state.


### Source:

1. [Bismarck Tribune](http://www.bismarcktribune.com/news/local/article_183f06f0-4c1f-11e0-af7b-001cc4c002e0.html)

### Related:

1. [February 2017 North American blizzard: A major blizzard hits the northeastern United States, cancelling more than 2,400 flights. ](/news/2017/02/9/february-2017-north-american-blizzard-a-major-blizzard-hits-the-northeastern-united-states-cancelling-more-than-2-400-flights.md) _Context: blizzard_
2. [Dakota Access Pipeline protests: The United States Army Corps of Engineers denies a permit for Energy Transfer Partners planned Dakota Access Pipeline running through North Dakota and will begin exploring alternative routes for the pipeline following weeks of protests. ](/news/2016/12/4/dakota-access-pipeline-protests-the-united-states-army-corps-of-engineers-denies-a-permit-for-energy-transfer-partners-planned-dakota-acces.md) _Context: North Dakota_
3. [Dakota Access Pipeline protests: Groups of U.S. military veterans join the protest as human shields against possible clashes between demonstrators and law enforcement when the United States Army Corps of Engineers' eviction deadline expires on Monday. They are building barracks for shelter in North Dakota's winter weather. ](/news/2016/12/3/dakota-access-pipeline-protests-groups-of-u-s-military-veterans-join-the-protest-as-human-shields-against-possible-clashes-between-demonst.md) _Context: North Dakota_
4. [Dakota Access Pipeline protests: North Dakota Governor Jack Dalrymple issues an executive order which expels thousands of Native American and environmental protesters who are camped on the federal property that is near the site of the oil pipeline project which they oppose, saying that the "emergency evacuation" is necessary to protect them from harsh winter conditions. ](/news/2016/11/28/dakota-access-pipeline-protests-north-dakota-governor-jack-dalrymple-issues-an-executive-order-which-expels-thousands-of-native-american-an.md) _Context: North Dakota_
5. [2015-16 North American winter: Late March 2016 North American blizzard: A powerful blizzard sweeping Denver, Colorado, forces authorities to close Denver International Airport, Interstate 70, Interstate 25 and leaves more than 100,000 people without power. The Colorado Army National Guard has been deployed to help rescue those stranded by the storm. ](/news/2016/03/23/2015-16-north-american-winter-late-march-2016-north-american-blizzard-a-powerful-blizzard-sweeping-denver-colorado-forces-authorities.md) _Context: blizzard_
6. [January 2016 United States blizzard: This potentially record storm, which is predicted to generate blizzard conditions through a third day on Sunday, has caused at least 10 deaths, knocked out power to hundreds of thousands, led to more than 8,300 canceled flights, stranded many travelers on major highways and, with up to 70 mph winds, produced record-high tides along the Delaware and New Jersey shores. ](/news/2016/01/23/january-2016-united-states-blizzard-this-potentially-record-storm-which-is-predicted-to-generate-blizzard-conditions-through-a-third-day-o.md) _Context: blizzard_
7. [There is a blizzard warning in place for eastern Massachusetts in the northeastern United States. ](/news/2015/02/14/there-is-a-blizzard-warning-in-place-for-eastern-massachusetts-in-the-northeastern-united-states.md) _Context: blizzard_
8. [February 2013 nor'easter: The death toll from a massive blizzard across the Northeastern United States and southeastern Canada rises to at least 15, with 40 inches of snow reported from Hamden, Connecticut. More than 900,000 customers lost power at the height of the storm, while airports in the region cancelled over 5,300 flights. ](/news/2013/02/9/february-2013-nor-easter-the-death-toll-from-a-massive-blizzard-across-the-northeastern-united-states-and-southeastern-canada-rises-to-at-l.md) _Context: blizzard_
9. [February 2013 nor'easter: A massive blizzard hits the northeastern United States and southeastern regions of Canada, with over 5,000 flights cancelled and at least 600,000 thousand people losing power. ](/news/2013/02/8/february-2013-nor-easter-a-massive-blizzard-hits-the-northeastern-united-states-and-southeastern-regions-of-canada-with-over-5-000-flights.md) _Context: blizzard_
10. [Bob Stenehjem, the Senate Majority Leader in the US state of North Dakota, is killed in an accident in Alaska. ](/news/2011/07/18/bob-stenehjem-the-senate-majority-leader-in-the-us-state-of-north-dakota-is-killed-in-an-accident-in-alaska.md) _Context: North Dakota_
