### [2005-06-1](/news/2005/06/1/index.md)

#   In Crosby, Texas, United States of America an oil well owned by Louisiana Oil & Gas Co. exploded. <small>''<<NEWSLINK MISSING>>''</small>




### Related:

1. [At least three people are killed and two hospitalized, one in serious condition, from a fire in a  condominium tower in the American city of Honolulu, Hawaii. An unknown number of residents are reportedly still trapped in their apartments. ](/news/2017/07/14/at-least-three-people-are-killed-and-two-hospitalized-one-in-serious-condition-from-a-fire-in-a-condominium-tower-in-the-american-city-of.md) _Context: American_
2. [North Korea threatens a genocide against the United States of America. ](/news/2016/04/4/north-korea-threatens-a-genocide-against-the-united-states-of-america.md) _Context: American_
3. [The American state of California prepares for its worst storm in five years with schools closed in the San Francisco Bay Area. ](/news/2014/12/11/the-american-state-of-california-prepares-for-its-worst-storm-in-five-years-with-schools-closed-in-the-san-francisco-bay-area.md) _Context: American_
4. [A Texas nurse tests positive for Ebola. The health care worker is the first person to contract the disease in the United States of America, the first infection in the US to occur by secondary contact, and the second in the world sickened from exposure outside of the African continent. ](/news/2014/10/12/a-texas-nurse-tests-positive-for-ebola-the-health-care-worker-is-the-first-person-to-contract-the-disease-in-the-united-states-of-america.md) _Context: American_
5. [Syrian civil war:United States Senator John McCain travels to Syria to meet with rebel fighters and discuss with them America's possible involvement in the nation's civil war.](/news/2013/05/28/syrian-civil-war-punited-states-senator-john-mccain-travels-to-syria-to-meet-with-rebel-fighters-and-discuss-with-them-america-s-possible-in.md) _Context: American_
6. [North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un orders preparations for strategic rocket strikes on the US mainland at an overnight meeting with top army commanders, in response to the use of nuclear-capable B-2 Stealth Bombers in joint US-South Korea military drills. China appeals for calm on all sides. ](/news/2013/03/29/north-korean-leader-kim-jong-un-orders-preparations-for-strategic-rocket-strikes-on-the-us-mainland-at-an-overnight-meeting-with-top-army-co.md) _Context: American_
7. [North Korea threatens to attack American military bases in Japan in response to the use of nuclear-capable B-52 bombers in joint military drills with South Korea. ](/news/2013/03/21/north-korea-threatens-to-attack-american-military-bases-in-japan-in-response-to-the-use-of-nuclear-capable-b-52-bombers-in-joint-military-dr.md) _Context: American_
8. [North Korea authorities announce a new nuclear weapon and long range missile test, threatening their publicly manifested arch-enemy, the United States, as their primary target. ](/news/2013/01/24/north-korea-authorities-announce-a-new-nuclear-weapon-and-long-range-missile-test-threatening-their-publicly-manifested-arch-enemy-the-uni.md) _Context: American_
9. [Citing nuclear sanctions, the United States of America deny visas to 20 out of 160 Iranian officials, of which two are ministers, impeaching diplomats' attendance at next week's United Nations General Assembly meeting in New York. ](/news/2012/09/23/citing-nuclear-sanctions-the-united-states-of-america-deny-visas-to-20-out-of-160-iranian-officials-of-which-two-are-ministers-impeaching.md) _Context: American_
10. [Moody's warns the United States that it faces a downgrade in its credit rating before 2014 if the government fails to act on managing its  debt. ](/news/2012/09/11/moody-s-warns-the-united-states-that-it-faces-a-downgrade-in-its-credit-rating-before-2014-if-the-government-fails-to-act-on-managing-its-d.md) _Context: American_
