### [2005-06-1](/news/2005/06/1/index.md)

#  The American Family Association, a Christian activist group, a week after ending its boycott of the Walt Disney Company, announced a boycott of the Ford Motor Company. In adding Ford to its ongoing boycotts of Kmart and the book One of the Guys by Robert Clark Young, the AFA argues that Ford promotes "the homosexual lifestyle." 

The American Family Association has fired another missile in its long war against companies it thinks are destroying traditional Christian values, this time targeting Ford Motor Co. 


### Source:

1. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/8047423/)
1. [Cover Image](http://media1.s-nbcnews.com/j/msnbc/Components/Photos/050531/050531_fordad_vmed_130p.standard.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ The American Family Association, a Christian group, ends its nine-year boycott of the Walt Disney Company but continues to boycott Kmart and Abercrombie & Fitch and the book "One of the Guys" by Robert Clark Young. [http://www.newsday.com/news/nationworld/nation/orl-asecdisney25052505may25,0,822280.story?coll=ny-leadnationalnews-headlines]](/news/2005/05/25/the-american-family-association-a-christian-group-ends-its-nine-year-boycott-of-the-walt-disney-company-but-continues-to-boycott-kmart-an.md) _Context: American Family Association, Kmart, One of the Guys, Robert Clark Young, Walt Disney Company_
2. [ The American Family Association, a Christian conservative activist group, announces an international boycott of Nike. In adding Nike to its ongoing boycotts of Kmart and the book One of the Guys by Robert Clark Young, the AFA argues that Nike promotes "a back door move to legalise homosexual marriage." ](/news/2005/07/13/the-american-family-association-a-christian-conservative-activist-group-announces-an-international-boycott-of-nike-in-adding-nike-to-its.md) _Context: American Family Association, Kmart, One of the Guys, Robert Clark Young_
3. [Sears Holdings announces that 108 Kmart and 42 Sears stores will close in the United States in 2017, affecting retailers in 40 states. The company also announced it is selling its trademark Craftsman tool brand to Stanley Black & Decker for $900 million. ](/news/2017/01/5/sears-holdings-announces-that-108-kmart-and-42-sears-stores-will-close-in-the-united-states-in-2017-affecting-retailers-in-40-states-the-c.md) _Context: Kmart_
4. [Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (FCA) and the United Auto Workers (UAW) reach a new tentative four-year labor agreement, averting a threatened strike of the automaker's U.S. operations. The agreement must be ratified by a vote of FCA's 40,000 U.S. union workers, who rejected the previous proposal earlier this month. If ratified, the UAW intends to use the pact as a template for negotiations with General Motors Co. and Ford Motor Company. ](/news/2015/10/8/fiat-chrysler-automobiles-fca-and-the-united-auto-workers-uaw-reach-a-new-tentative-four-year-labor-agreement-averting-a-threatened-str.md) _Context: Ford Motor Company_
5. [Ford Motor Company recalls nearly 435,000 vehicles, citing rust and seat issues. ](/news/2014/04/8/ford-motor-company-recalls-nearly-435-000-vehicles-citing-rust-and-seat-issues.md) _Context: Ford Motor Company_
6. [Ford recalls 140,000 Escape model cars from the United States and an additional 21,000 from other nations after 13 engine fires were reported. ](/news/2013/11/26/ford-recalls-140-000-escape-model-cars-from-the-united-states-and-an-additional-21-000-from-other-nations-after-13-engine-fires-were-reporte.md) _Context: Ford Motor Company_
7. [Ford Motor Company announces the closure of its Australian manufacturing operations in October 2016, including a car factory in Broadmeadows and an engine plant in Geelong with a loss of 1,200 jobs. ](/news/2013/05/23/ford-motor-company-announces-the-closure-of-its-australian-manufacturing-operations-in-october-2016-including-a-car-factory-in-broadmeadows.md) _Context: Ford Motor Company_
8. [ Automotive industry crisis: Executives of the top three U.S. automakers (Ford Motor Company, General Motors, and Chrysler) testify before Congress for a bailout package. ](/news/2008/11/20/automotive-industry-crisis-executives-of-the-top-three-u-s-automakers-ford-motor-company-general-motors-and-chrysler-testify-before-c.md) _Context: Ford Motor Company_
9. [ Ford Motor Company announces it will sell its British luxury-car brands Jaguar and Land Rover to India's Tata Motors for $2.3 billion. ](/news/2008/03/26/ford-motor-company-announces-it-will-sell-its-british-luxury-car-brands-jaguar-and-land-rover-to-india-s-tata-motors-for-2-3-billion.md) _Context: Ford Motor Company_
10. [ Ford Motor Company settles class action lawsuits in California, Connecticut, Illinois and Texas over 1991-2001 models of the Ford Explorer. ](/news/2007/11/28/ford-motor-company-settles-class-action-lawsuits-in-california-connecticut-illinois-and-texas-over-1991-2001-models-of-the-ford-explorer.md) _Context: Ford Motor Company_
