### [2017-09-17](/news/2017/09/17/index.md)

# Hamas, through Egyptian-mediated talks, agrees to dissolve its Gaza administration, hold talks with the Fatah West Bank government, and hold elections for a Palestinian unity government. 

Hamas says it is willing to dissolve its Gaza administration, 10 years after it fought a bloody war with Fatah


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-israel-palestinians-gaza/hamas-says-ready-to-hand-gaza-to-a-palestinian-unity-government-idUSKCN1BS013?il=0)
2. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/sep/17/palestinian-elections-hamas-fatah-gaza-feud)
2. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/735be4eda12c43fc0f275c89f75ba699a705688b/0_215_4140_2484/master/4140.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=6e8f7013cc01631a23359774bf7b97b9)

### Related:

1. [ Interim Israeli Prime minister Ehud Olmert postpones until Sunday official discourse which would ban Palestinian movements between Gaza and the West Bank, bar Palestinians from working in Israel and stop transfer of $50 million tax receipts to the Palestinian Authority. All these measures, criticized by Israeli Labor Party leader Amir Peretz, follows the victory of Hamas over Fatah during the January 2006 legislative elections. ](/news/2006/02/17/interim-israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-postpones-until-sunday-official-discourse-which-would-ban-palestinian-movements-between-gaza-and.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza, Hamas, West Bank_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue. IDF planes and artillery strike Gaza knocking out power to parts of the city, destroy a bridge in Beit Hanoun, fire missiles at a Fatah Youth Centre, an office and a refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip. Israeli troops later raided offices of Hamas and Islamic Jihad in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-idf-planes-and-artillery-strike-gaza-knocking-out-power-to.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza, Hamas, West Bank_
3. [ Fatah wins 55 percent of the seats in municipal elections held in 84 cities across the West Bank and Gaza. Hamas wins about a third of the seats. Fatah won a majority of seats in Beit Lahiya, Hawara and Tulkarem, Hamas won the majority in Qalqiliya and El Boureij. Election participation was 70 percent in the West Bank and 80 percent in Gaza. ](/news/2005/05/6/fatah-wins-55-percent-of-the-seats-in-municipal-elections-held-in-84-cities-across-the-west-bank-and-gaza-hamas-wins-about-a-third-of-the.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza, Hamas, West Bank_
4. [Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation" with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaza-will-fulfil-its-role-in-the-je.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, West Bank_
5. [Egypt opens its border with the Gaza Strip temporarily for the first time in months. Egypt blames Hamas for the Sinai insurgency. ](/news/2015/06/13/egypt-opens-its-border-with-the-gaza-strip-temporarily-for-the-first-time-in-months-egypt-blames-hamas-for-the-sinai-insurgency.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza, Hamas_
6. [Fatah and Hamas agree to form a unity government on the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2014/09/26/fatah-and-hamas-agree-to-form-a-unity-government-on-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza, Hamas_
7. [Israel suspends peace talks with the Palestinian Authority following an announcement of a unity agreement between the ruling Palestinian faction Fatah and the militant Hamas rulers of Gaza. ](/news/2014/04/24/israel-suspends-peace-talks-with-the-palestinian-authority-following-an-announcement-of-a-unity-agreement-between-the-ruling-palestinian-fac.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza, Hamas_
8. [Hundreds of thousands of people rally in Gaza in a show of unity between the governing Hamas, elected in 2006, and Fatah, in opposition since then. ](/news/2013/01/4/hundreds-of-thousands-of-people-rally-in-gaza-in-a-show-of-unity-between-the-governing-hamas-elected-in-2006-and-fatah-in-opposition-sinc.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza, Hamas_
9. [Following over 150 rockets being fired into Israel over the past four days from Gaza and attacks by Israel, Egypt has mediated a truce. Both Hamas and Ehud Barak praise the efforts for peace. ](/news/2012/11/13/following-over-150-rockets-being-fired-into-israel-over-the-past-four-days-from-gaza-and-attacks-by-israel-egypt-has-mediated-a-truce-both.md) _Context: Egypt, Gaza, Hamas_
10. [Hamas suspends voter registration in the Gaza Strip, stalling Palestinian plans for parliamentary and presidential elections and thwarting moves towards reconciliation with the rival Fatah party. ](/news/2012/07/2/hamas-suspends-voter-registration-in-the-gaza-strip-stalling-palestinian-plans-for-parliamentary-and-presidential-elections-and-thwarting-m.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza, Hamas_
