### [2011-05-10](/news/2011/05/10/index.md)

# CNN reports that the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) will show the photos of the dead body of Osama bin Laden to members of the United States Congress military and intelligence committees. 

CNN is reporting that the CIA will show photos of the corpse of Osama bin Laden to members of congressional military and intelligence committees.


### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://content.usatoday.com/communities/ondeadline/post/2011/05/cnn-cia-to-show-bin-laden-photos-to-house-senate-panels/1)

### Related:

1. [It is reported that the U.S. government's Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) deployed a fake vaccine programme in Abbottabad ahead of its assassination of Osama bin Laden in an effort to obtain a DNA sample from his family. ](/news/2011/07/12/it-is-reported-that-the-u-s-government-s-central-intelligence-agency-cia-deployed-a-fake-vaccine-programme-in-abbottabad-ahead-of-its-ass.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, Osama bin Laden_
2. [Pakistan jails a doctor who helped the US Central Intelligence Agency confirm that Osama bin Laden was living in Abbottabad. ](/news/2011/07/11/pakistan-jails-a-doctor-who-helped-the-us-central-intelligence-agency-confirm-that-osama-bin-laden-was-living-in-abbottabad.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, Osama bin Laden_
3. [Pakistan's Directorate for Inter-Services Intelligence has arrested Central Intelligence Agency informants who contributed to the raid on Osama bin Laden. ](/news/2011/06/14/pakistan-s-directorate-for-inter-services-intelligence-has-arrested-central-intelligence-agency-informants-who-contributed-to-the-raid-on-os.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, Osama bin Laden_
4. [ Head of the CIA Leon Panetta accuses former United States Vice President Dick Cheney of hiding an intelligence program from Congress. ](/news/2009/07/12/head-of-the-cia-leon-panetta-accuses-former-united-states-vice-president-dick-cheney-of-hiding-an-intelligence-program-from-congress.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, United States Congress_
5. [ The United States Central Intelligence Agency admits to destroying at least two videotapes documenting the interrogation of two al-Qaeda operatives in custody following Congressional scrutiny. ](/news/2007/12/6/the-united-states-central-intelligence-agency-admits-to-destroying-at-least-two-videotapes-documenting-the-interrogation-of-two-al-qaeda-op.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, United States Congress_
6. [ The United States government announces that fourteen suspected terrorists are to be transferred to the Guantanamo Bay detainment camp and admits that these suspects have been held in CIA black sites. These people include Khalid Sheik Mohammed, believed to be the No. 3 al-Qaida leader before he was captured in Pakistan in 2003; Ramzi Binalshibh, an alleged would-be 9/11 hijacker; and Abu Zubaydah, who was believed to be a link between Osama bin Laden and many al-Qaida cells before he was also captured in Pakistan in March 2002. ](/news/2006/09/6/the-united-states-government-announces-that-fourteen-suspected-terrorists-are-to-be-transferred-to-the-guantanamo-bay-detainment-camp-and-a.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, Osama bin Laden_
7. [ ''The Washington Post'' reports that the Central Intelligence Agency has been operating, perhaps as illegally, a covert network of "black site" prisons for terrorist suspects in eight foreign countries, including Afghanistan, Thailand, and several Eastern European democracies for the last four years, with little or no oversight from the United States Congress. ](/news/2005/11/2/the-washington-post-reports-that-the-central-intelligence-agency-has-been-operating-perhaps-as-illegally-a-covert-network-of-black-s.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, United States Congress_
8. [ President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan says at a press conference that he does not believe that Osama bin Laden is in Afghanistan.  CIA chief Porter Goss has said in a recent interview that he has an "excellent idea" of bin Laden's whereabouts. ](/news/2005/07/9/president-hamid-karzai-of-afghanistan-says-at-a-press-conference-that-he-does-not-believe-that-osama-bin-laden-is-in-afghanistan-cia-chie.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency, Osama bin Laden_
9. [An American who formerly worked for the Central Intelligence Agency is arrested on charges of selling classified information to Chinese operatives in May 2017. ](/news/2017/06/22/an-american-who-formerly-worked-for-the-central-intelligence-agency-is-arrested-on-charges-of-selling-classified-information-to-chinese-oper.md) _Context: Central Intelligence Agency_
10. [Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution's emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-claiming-that-u-s-president-t.md) _Context: United States Congress_
