### [2011-05-10](/news/2011/05/10/index.md)

# Mississippi River flooding worsens, with the Army Corps of Engineers saying an area between Simmesport, Louisiana and Baton Rouge will be submerged 20-30 feet, and 13% of US oil refinery output disrupted. 




### Source:

1. [Business Week](http://www.businessweek.com/news/2011-05-10/mississippi-flooding-threatens-crops-refineries-and-homes.html)
2. [NASA Earth Observatory](http://earthobservatory.nasa.gov/IOTD/view.php?id=50549)

### Related:

1. [Floods in Mississippi worsen, with the Army Corps of Engineers saying an area between Simmesport, Louisiana and Baton Rouge may be inundated under 20-30 feet of water. [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-504943_162-20061179-10391715.html "(CBS News)"]](/news/2011/05/9/floods-in-mississippi-worsen-with-the-army-corps-of-engineers-saying-an-area-between-simmesport-louisiana-and-baton-rouge-may-be-inundated.md) _Context: Baton Rouge, Louisiana, Simmesport, Louisiana, United States Army Corps of Engineers_
2. [Travel on the Mississippi River is closed for five miles near the US city of Baton Rouge, Louisiana due to flooding. ](/news/2011/05/20/travel-on-the-mississippi-river-is-closed-for-five-miles-near-the-us-city-of-baton-rouge-louisiana-due-to-flooding.md) _Context: Baton Rouge, Louisiana, Mississippi River_
3. [The United States Army Corps of Engineers explodes a large part of a Mississippi River levee to protect the Illinois town of Cairo from floodwaters. ](/news/2011/05/2/the-united-states-army-corps-of-engineers-explodes-a-large-part-of-a-mississippi-river-levee-to-protect-the-illinois-town-of-cairo-from-floo.md) _Context: Mississippi River, United States Army Corps of Engineers_
4. [The Morganza Spillway on the Mississippi River has been opened for the first time in 37 years, deliberately flooding 3,000 square miles of rural Louisiana to save most of Baton Rouge and New Orleans. ](/news/2011/05/15/the-morganza-spillway-on-the-mississippi-river-has-been-opened-for-the-first-time-in-37-years-deliberately-flooding-3-000-square-miles-of-r.md) _Context: Baton Rouge, Louisiana, Mississippi River_
5. [The Morganza Spillway on the Mississippi River is opened for the second time in its history, deliberately flooding 3,000 sqmi of rural Louisiana and placing a nuclear power plant at risk to save most of Baton Rouge and New Orleans. ](/news/2011/05/14/the-morganza-spillway-on-the-mississippi-river-is-opened-for-the-second-time-in-its-history-deliberately-flooding-3-000-sqmi-of-rural-louis.md) _Context: Baton Rouge, Louisiana, Mississippi River_
6. [ The United States Environmental Protection Agency vetoes plans by the Army Corps of Engineers to build the world's largest water pump on the Mississippi River Delta raising concerns about the impact on wetlands. ](/news/2008/09/2/the-united-states-environmental-protection-agency-vetoes-plans-by-the-army-corps-of-engineers-to-build-the-world-s-largest-water-pump-on-th.md) _Context: Mississippi River, United States Army Corps of Engineers_
7. [Two African-American men are killed in separate incidents near Baton Rouge, Louisiana, and a third home is shot at in what local and federal officials call racially-motivated crimes. A local man is arrested on suspicion of the murders. ](/news/2017/09/19/two-african-american-men-are-killed-in-separate-incidents-near-baton-rouge-louisiana-and-a-third-home-is-shot-at-in-what-local-and-federal.md) _Context: Baton Rouge, Louisiana_
8. [Multiple tornadoes tear through New Orleans, Baton Rouge, and other parts of southeastern Louisiana, injuring at least 20 people; no deaths have been reported. The severe weather also delivers heavy rain and hail in Mississippi and Alabama. ](/news/2017/02/7/multiple-tornadoes-tear-through-new-orleans-baton-rouge-and-other-parts-of-southeastern-louisiana-injuring-at-least-20-people-no-deaths.md) _Context: Baton Rouge, Louisiana_
9. [The United States Army Corps of Engineers denies a permit for Energy Transfer Partners planned Dakota Access Pipeline running through North Dakota and will begin exploring alternative routes for the pipeline following weeks of protests. ](/news/2016/12/4/the-united-states-army-corps-of-engineers-denies-a-permit-for-energy-transfer-partners-planned-dakota-access-pipeline-running-through-north.md) _Context: United States Army Corps of Engineers_
10. [Groups of U.S. military veterans join the protest as human shields against possible clashes between demonstrators and law enforcement when the United States Army Corps of Engineers' eviction deadline expires on Monday. They are building barracks for shelter in North Dakota's winter weather. ](/news/2016/12/3/groups-of-u-s-military-veterans-join-the-protest-as-human-shields-against-possible-clashes-between-demonstrators-and-law-enforcement-when-t.md) _Context: United States Army Corps of Engineers_
