### [2011-05-10](/news/2011/05/10/index.md)

# The British Press Complaints Commission has ruled that the "Daily Telegraph" breached rules on the use of subterfuge when it sent reporters to secretly tape Liberal Democrat ministers, including Secretary of State for Business Vince Cable, late last year. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-13342013)

### Related:

1. [At the Leveson Inquiry into British media practices, UK Secretary of State for Business Vince Cable, who initially had responsibility for overseeing News Corporation's bid to take full control of BSkyB, tells the hearing he was warned the Liberal Democrats would be "done over" by the company's newspapers if he ruled against the takeover. ](/news/2012/05/30/at-the-leveson-inquiry-into-british-media-practices-uk-secretary-of-state-for-business-vince-cable-who-initially-had-responsibility-for-ov.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats, Secretary of State for Business, Vince Cable_
2. [British Secretary of State for Business Vince Cable launches a fierce attack on the tactics of his party's Conservative coalition partners as "ruthless, calculating and very tribal" for the way they conducted themselves in the Alternative Vote referendum. ](/news/2011/05/7/british-secretary-of-state-for-business-vince-cable-launches-a-fierce-attack-on-the-tactics-of-his-party-s-conservative-coalition-partners-a.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats, Secretary of State for Business, Vince Cable_
3. [British Business Secretary Vince Cable apologises after confidential documents are discovered dumped in waste bins outside his constituency office. ](/news/2011/11/4/british-business-secretary-vince-cable-apologises-after-confidential-documents-are-discovered-dumped-in-waste-bins-outside-his-constituency.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Business, Vince Cable_
4. [The "Daily Telegraph" publishes further details of taped conversations with Liberal Democrat MPs, which include comments that British Prime Minister David Cameron cannot be trusted and Chancellor George Osborne has "a capacity to get up one's nose". ](/news/2010/12/23/the-daily-telegraph-publishes-further-details-of-taped-conversations-with-liberal-democrat-mps-which-include-comments-that-british-prime.md) _Context: Daily Telegraph, Liberal Democrats_
5. [Liberal Democrats leadership election, 2017: Vince Cable is acclaimed as Leader of the Liberal Democrats in the United Kingdom after running unopposed. ](/news/2017/07/20/liberal-democrats-leadership-election-2017-vince-cable-is-acclaimed-as-leader-of-the-liberal-democrats-in-the-united-kingdom-after-running.md) _Context: Vince Cable_
6. [Aftermath of the United Kingdom general election, 2017: Tim Farron resigns as leader of the Liberal Democrats amid controversy concerning his views on gay sexual practices. ](/news/2017/06/14/aftermath-of-the-united-kingdom-general-election-2017-tim-farron-resigns-as-leader-of-the-liberal-democrats-amid-controversy-concerning-hi.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats_
7. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats_
8. [The BBC is told that the UK's three main political parties, the Conservatives, Labour and the Liberal Democrats, will declare that whoever forms the government after the next general election will not agree to a currency union with an independent Scotland. ](/news/2014/02/12/the-bbc-is-told-that-the-uk-s-three-main-political-parties-the-conservatives-labour-and-the-liberal-democrats-will-declare-that-whoever-f.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats_
9. [United Kingdom local elections, 2013:: Results of the elections show gains for Labour and UKIP and losses for the Liberal Democrats and the Conservative Party.](/news/2013/05/3/united-kingdom-local-elections-2013-results-of-the-elections-show-gains-for-labour-and-ukip-and-losses-for-the-liberal-democrats-and-the.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats_
10. [British Prime Minister David Cameron says he will "win people back" after his party, the Conservatives came third in the Eastleigh by-election behind the Liberal Democrats and UK Independence Party. ](/news/2013/03/1/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-says-he-will-win-people-back-after-his-party-the-conservatives-came-third-in-the-eastleigh-by-electi.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats_
