### [2008-04-10](/news/2008/04/10/index.md)

#  Mayor Anders Lago of Sdertlje, Sweden, says that his small city of about 80,000 is currently home to nearly 6,000 Iraqis. "More refugees than the United States and Canada together". 




### Source:

1. [The International Herald Tribune](http://www.iht.com/articles/ap/2008/04/11/america/NA-GEN-US-Iraq-Refugees.php)

### Related:

1. [ The United States government opens up a partnership with the Swedish municipality of Sodertalje, a city of 80,000 that has received nearly 6,000 Iraqi refugees since the beginning of the Iraq war. ](/news/2008/09/16/the-united-states-government-opens-up-a-partnership-with-the-swedish-municipality-of-sapderta-lje-a-city-of-80-000-that-has-received-nearl.md) _Context: Iraq, Sweden, U.S._
2. [Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C. A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in-the-first-global-robotics-co.md) _Context: Canada, U.S._
3. [American pipeline operator Williams Partners has agreed to sell an olefins plant in Louisiana to Canadian chemical company Nova Chemicals for $2.1 billion. ](/news/2017/04/17/american-pipeline-operator-williams-partners-has-agreed-to-sell-an-olefins-plant-in-louisiana-to-canadian-chemical-company-nova-chemicals-fo.md) _Context: Canada, U.S._
4. [Two UN officials with MONUSCO--an American and a Swede--are among six people kidnapped near the village of Ngombe in the Democratic Republic of the Congo's Kasai-Central province. Congolese officials have not identified the kidnappers nor has any group claimed responsibility. ](/news/2017/03/13/two-un-officials-with-monuscoaan-american-and-a-swedeaare-among-six-people-kidnapped-near-the-village-of-ngombe-in-the-democratic-republ.md) _Context: Sweden, U.S._
5. [The protestors in the area of the Dakota Access Pipeline are evicted, clearing the way for the oil pipeline through Canada and the United States to be built. ](/news/2017/02/23/the-protestors-in-the-area-of-the-dakota-access-pipeline-are-evicted-clearing-the-way-for-the-oil-pipeline-through-canada-and-the-united-st.md) _Context: Canada, U.S._
6. [The Iraqi Parliament votes in favour of a reciprocal travel ban on U.S. citizens if U.S. President Donald Trump's executive order barring citizens of Iraq and six other Muslim-majority countries is not reversed. The Iraqi travel ban will not be implemented while tens of thousands of U.S. soldiers and contractors are involved in the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2017/01/30/the-iraqi-parliament-votes-in-favour-of-a-reciprocal-travel-ban-on-u-s-citizens-if-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-executive-order-barring-ci.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S._
7. [The immigration website of Canada crashes due to overflow, coinciding with the election in the United States. ](/news/2016/11/9/the-immigration-website-of-canada-crashes-due-to-overflow-coinciding-with-the-election-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Canada, U.S._
8. [The United States announces it will be sending 560 more United States Armed Forces soldiers to Iraq to help fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/07/11/the-united-states-announces-it-will-be-sending-560-more-united-states-armed-forces-soldiers-to-iraq-to-help-fight-against-isil.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S._
9. [Both Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide and Marriott International shareholders approve Marriott's acquisition of Starwood, which will create the world's largest hotelier. The deal has cleared the pre-merger antitrust reviews in the United States and Canada; approvals from the European Union and China is pending. Last week, Anbang Insurance Group topped Marriott's bid, then withdrew their offer three days later. ](/news/2016/04/8/both-starwood-hotels-and-resorts-worldwide-and-marriott-international-shareholders-approve-marriott-s-acquisition-of-starwood-which-will-cr.md) _Context: Canada, U.S._
10. [United States President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Iraq, U.S._
