### [2007-08-20](/news/2007/08/20/index.md)

#  A summit between US president George W. Bush, Canadian prime minister Stephen Harper, Mexican president Felipe Caldern, and about 30 CEOs from the three countries begins in the resort town of Montebello, Quebec, near Ottawa. The talks will deal with the Security and Prosperity Partnership of North America. Protesters representing a variety of issues hold demonstrations regarding the exclusion of civil society from the talks and the secrecy of the process; police respond with tear gas. 




### Source:

1. [CBC News](http://www.cbc.ca/canada/story/2007/08/19/montebello-protest.html)

### Related:

1. [ U.S. President Barack Obama meets with Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper in Ottawa. ](/news/2009/02/19/u-s-president-barack-obama-meets-with-canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-in-ottawa.md) _Context: Canada, Ottawa, Stephen Harper, United States_
2. [China surpassed the United States last year as the country with the most clean energy investment. China's clean energy investments were $34.6 billion, compared with U.S.A.'s $18.6 billion last year. The US still leads the world in installed renewable energy, with 52.2 gigawatts of wind energy, small hydroelectric, biomass and waste generating capacity, per a report by the nonprofit Pew Charitable Trusts, but has dropped below ten other countries, including Canada and Mexico in investments as a share of the national economy.](/news/2010/03/26/china-surpassed-the-united-states-last-year-as-the-country-with-the-most-clean-energy-investment-china-s-clean-energy-investments-were-34.md) _Context: Canada, Mexico, United States_
3. [ Two Tupolev Tu-95 bombers are intercepted by two Canadian CF-18's near Canada's airspace hours before United States President Barack Obama arrives in Ottawa, Ontario.](/news/2009/02/19/two-tupolev-tu-95-bombers-are-intercepted-by-two-canadian-cf-18-s-near-canada-s-airspace-hours-before-united-states-president-barack-obama.md) _Context: Canada, Ottawa, United States_
4. [ President of the United States George W. Bush, President of Mexico Felipe Calderon and the Prime Minister of Canada Stephen Harper to meet later this month under the North American Security and Prosperity Partnership (SPP) mechanism to discuss economic and security issues. ](/news/2007/08/15/president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-president-of-mexico-felipe-caldera3n-and-the-prime-minister-of-canada-stephen-harper-to-meet.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Security and Prosperity Partnership of North America, Stephen Harper_
5. [ U.S. President George W. Bush departs on a tour of Latin America that will take him to Brazil, Uruguay, Colombia, Guatemala and Mexico. Upon arrival in SGBPo Paulo he is greeted with protest demonstrations. ](/news/2007/03/8/u-s-president-george-w-bush-departs-on-a-tour-of-latin-america-that-will-take-him-to-brazil-uruguay-colombia-guatemala-and-mexico-upo.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Mexico, protest_
6. [ The Bush administration summons Canadian ambassador Frank McKenna, and is expected to formally lodge a complaint after Prime Minister Paul Martin's criticism on December 7 of the United States at the Montreal conference on climate change. U.S.-Canada relations are already a major issue in the upcoming Canadian federal election. ](/news/2005/12/9/the-bush-administration-summons-canadian-ambassador-frank-mckenna-and-is-expected-to-formally-lodge-a-complaint-after-prime-minister-paul.md) _Context: Canada, George W. Bush, United States_
7. [FIRST Robotics Competition: Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C. A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/first-robotics-competition-six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in.md) _Context: Canada, United States_
8. [American pipeline operator Williams Partners has agreed to sell an olefins plant in Louisiana to Canadian chemical company Nova Chemicals for $2.1 billion. ](/news/2017/04/17/american-pipeline-operator-williams-partners-has-agreed-to-sell-an-olefins-plant-in-louisiana-to-canadian-chemical-company-nova-chemicals-fo.md) _Context: Canada, United States_
9. [Dakota Access Pipeline protests: The protestors in the area of the Dakota Access Pipeline are evicted, clearing the way for the oil pipeline through Canada and the United States to be built. ](/news/2017/02/23/dakota-access-pipeline-protests-the-protestors-in-the-area-of-the-dakota-access-pipeline-are-evicted-clearing-the-way-for-the-oil-pipeline.md) _Context: Canada, United States_
10. [2017 Mexico-United States diplomatic crisis: Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto rejects the idea, announced by U.S. President Donald Trump, that Mexico would pay for any border wall between the United States and his country. ](/news/2017/01/25/2017-mexico-united-states-diplomatic-crisis-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-rejects-the-idea-announced-by-u-s-president-donald-tr.md) _Context: Mexico, United States_
