### [2007-08-20](/news/2007/08/20/index.md)

#  The Grand National Assembly starts voting to select a new President of Turkey. The frontrunner Foreign Minister Abdullah Gl fails to achieve a necessary two-thirds majority in the first round with 341 out of 550 but is highly likely to be elected in later rounds when a simple majority of 50 per cent is required. 

The frontrunner to be Turkey&#039;s next president, Foreign Minister Abdullah Gul, has failed to secure election in a first round parliamentary vote, but remained virtually assured of victory in a later ballot.


### Source:

1. [AFP via ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/08/21/2010375.htm)

### Related:

1. [ The President of Israel, Shimon Peres, meets the President of Turkey, Abdullah Gl, in Ankara, and he will also address the Grand National Assembly of Turkey. ](/news/2007/11/13/the-president-of-israel-shimon-peres-meets-the-president-of-turkey-abdullah-gul-in-ankara-and-he-will-also-address-the-grand-national.md) _Context: Abdullah Gül, President, Turkish Parliament_
2. [ Foreign Minister of Turkey Abdullah Gl is nominated as the AK Party candidate for President of Turkey. ](/news/2007/04/24/foreign-minister-of-turkey-abdullah-gul-is-nominated-as-the-ak-party-candidate-for-president-of-turkey.md) _Context: Abdullah Gül, President, Turkish_
3. [Voters in Turkey go to the polls for a referendum that seeks to replace the country's parliamentary system with an executive presidency, thereby giving President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sweeping new powers. Erdogan's AK Party has claimed victory while the opposition CHP has said that it will challenge the result. ](/news/2017/04/16/voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-that-seeks-to-replace-the-country-s-parliamentary-system-with-an-executive-presidency-the.md) _Context: President, Turkish_
4. [The Turkish Parliament approves two constitutional amendments which expand the powers of the president to appoint new legislation and select the cabinet. ](/news/2017/01/14/the-turkish-parliament-approves-two-constitutional-amendments-which-expand-the-powers-of-the-president-to-appoint-new-legislation-and-select.md) _Context: President, Turkish Parliament_
5. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens to open Turkey's borders to allow refugees and migrants to reach Europe after the European Parliament votes to temporarily freeze talks of Turkey's accession to the EU. ](/news/2016/11/25/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-to-open-turkey-s-borders-to-allow-refugees-and-migrants-to-reach-europe-after-the-european.md) _Context: President, Turkish_
6. [The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails-to-uphold-the-principles-of-democ.md) _Context: President, Turkish_
7. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan warns Germany against recognizing the Armenian Genocide. ](/news/2016/06/1/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-warns-germany-against-recognizing-the-armenian-genocide.md) _Context: President, Turkish_
8. [Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu announces his resignation effective 22 May amid conflict with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan  over Turkey's increasingly authoritarian rule. Davutoglu said he would step down following an extraordinary meeting of AKP party leaders scheduled for May 22. ](/news/2016/05/5/turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-announces-his-resignation-effective-22-may-amid-conflict-with-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-over.md) _Context: President, Turkish_
9. [Ebru Umar, a Dutch journalist of Turkish descent, is arrested in Kusadasi, Turkey, for tweets deemed critical of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. This comes as a political storm erupted this week over reports that the Turkish consulate asked Turkish organizations in the Netherlands to forward emails and social media posts which insult Erdogan or Turkey. ](/news/2016/04/24/ebru-umar-a-dutch-journalist-of-turkish-descent-is-arrested-in-kuaadasa-turkey-for-tweets-deemed-critical-of-president-recep-tayyip-er.md) _Context: President, Turkish_
10. [A Turkish court places the influential ''Zaman'' newspaper under state control. ''Zaman'' is closely linked to the Gulen movement of influential U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, a former ally of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. ](/news/2016/03/4/a-turkish-court-places-the-influential-zaman-newspaper-under-state-control-zaman-is-closely-linked-to-the-ga1-4len-movement-of-influe.md) _Context: President, Turkish_
