### [2007-08-20](/news/2007/08/20/index.md)

#  The Tasmanian Labor Party expels Harry Quick, the Member of the Australian House of Representatives for Franklin. 

Rebel Federal Labor MP Harry Quick has been thrown out of the party.


### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/08/20/2009905.htm)

### Related:

1. [Australian federal election, 2016. Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull's Liberal/National coalition, behind Bill Shorten's Labor Party in the first 48 hours following Saturday's election, is now ahead of Labor in the Lower House, 74-71 seats; 76 seats are needed to form a government. Minor parties and independents have won five seats; mail-in and absentee votes are still being counted. Turnbull is on the road today seeking support from a small handful of independent and small party lawmakers. ](/news/2016/07/7/australian-federal-election-2016-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-s-liberal-national-coalition-behind-bill-shorten-s-labor-part.md) _Context: Labor Party, Lower House_
2. [The Health Services Union disaffiliates from the Australian Labor Party in the states of New South Wales and Victoria and the Australian Capital Territory, following the commencement of a New South Wales Police Force investigation into alleged "inappropriate practices" by current and former union officials, including Craig Thomson, a member of the House of Representatives. ](/news/2011/09/16/the-health-services-union-disaffiliates-from-the-australian-labor-party-in-the-states-of-new-south-wales-and-victoria-and-the-australian-cap.md) _Context: Labor Party, Lower House_
3. [Independent Member of the Australian House of Representatives Andrew Wilkie announces that he will support the Gillard Labor Government on supply and confidence. ](/news/2010/09/2/independent-member-of-the-australian-house-of-representatives-andrew-wilkie-announces-that-he-will-support-the-gillard-labor-government-on-s.md) _Context: Labor Party, Lower House_
4. [Western Australian state election, 2017. After eight years in power, the Liberal Party is defeated by the Labor Party in a landslide election. Mark McGowan is set to become the Australian state's new Premier. ](/news/2017/03/11/western-australian-state-election-2017-after-eight-years-in-power-the-liberal-party-is-defeated-by-the-labor-party-in-a-landslide-electio.md) _Context: Labor Party_
5. [ Northern Territory general election, 2016. The opposition Australian Labor Party defeats the governing Country Liberal Party in a landslide, reducing the CLP to just two seats. ](/news/2016/08/27/northern-territory-general-election-2016-the-opposition-australian-labor-party-defeats-the-governing-country-liberal-party-in-a-landslide.md) _Context: Labor Party_
6. [Australian federal election, 2016. Australians vote to elect a government for the next three years. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, leader of the conservative Liberal Party-led Coalition, dissolved both houses of Parliament in May in a bid for a Senate more friendly to his agenda. The final result showed the Coalition with a bare 1 seat majority in the House with 76 seats and the Australian Labor Party with 69 seats. ](/news/2016/07/2/australian-federal-election-2016-australians-vote-to-elect-a-government-for-the-next-three-years-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-leader.md) _Context: Labor Party_
7. [Australian east coast low. The search continues for three missing people in the Australian states of New South Wales and Tasmania. Four deaths have so far been confirmed in the Australian Capital Territory, Tasmania and NSW. ](/news/2016/06/7/australian-east-coast-low-the-search-continues-for-three-missing-people-in-the-australian-states-of-new-south-wales-and-tasmania-four-deat.md) _Context: Tasmania_
8. [Australian east coast low. Three bodies have been discovered in flood waters: two in the state of New South Wales and one in the Australian Capital Territory. Two people are missing in Tasmania. ](/news/2016/06/6/australian-east-coast-low-three-bodies-have-been-discovered-in-flood-waters-two-in-the-state-of-new-south-wales-and-one-in-the-australian.md) _Context: Tasmania_
9. [ Australian east coast low. New South Wales facing evacuations and a rising flood threat as heavy rain and high winds hit Sydney and Newcastle. Parts of Victoria and Tasmania are braced for wild weather. ](/news/2016/06/5/australian-east-coast-low-new-south-wales-facing-evacuations-and-a-rising-flood-threat-as-heavy-rain-and-high-winds-hit-sydney-and-newcast.md) _Context: Tasmania_
10. [Bob Brown, former Parliamentary Leader of the Australian Greens, is arrested during a protest in the Tasmanian village of Lapoinya over proposed clear-fell logging of a nearby forest. ](/news/2016/01/25/bob-brown-former-parliamentary-leader-of-the-australian-greens-is-arrested-during-a-protest-in-the-tasmanian-village-of-lapoinya-over-prop.md) _Context: Tasmania_
