### [2007-03-21](/news/2007/03/21/index.md)

#  Supreme Leader of Iran Ayatollah Ali Khamenei warns that Iran will pursue nuclear development outside regulations if the United Nations Security Council imposes sanctions. 




### Source:

1. [AP via CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2007/WORLD/meast/03/21/iran.nuclear.ap/index.html?eref=rss_world)

### Related:

1. [The Iranian Supreme Leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, publicly accuses President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad of being "under a spell", amid a deepening political crisis in the country. ](/news/2011/05/15/the-iranian-supreme-leader-ayatollah-ali-khamenei-publicly-accuses-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-of-being-under-a-spell-amid-a-deepenin.md) _Context: Ali Khamenei, Ayatollah, Iran, Supreme Leader of Iran_
2. [Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad is to end a boycott of official duties, amid an apparent rift with the Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. ](/news/2011/05/1/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-is-to-end-a-boycott-of-official-duties-amid-an-apparent-rift-with-the-supreme-leader-ayatollah-ali-kh.md) _Context: Ali Khamenei, Ayatollah, Iran, Supreme Leader of Iran_
3. [ Supreme Leader of Iran, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, urges the Council of Guardians to review applications of two reformist candidates, Mostafa Moin of the Islamic Iran Participation Front and Vice President Mohsen Mehralizadeh, after the council qualified only six candidates to the country's presidential election. Opposition groups threaten to boycott the elections and students of Tehran University protest against the disqualification of Moin. ](/news/2005/05/23/supreme-leader-of-iran-ayatollah-ali-khamenei-urges-the-council-of-guardians-to-review-applications-of-two-reformist-candidates-mostafa.md) _Context: Ali Khamenei, Ayatollah, Iran, Supreme Leader of Iran_
4. [The United Nations finds Iran's firing of a medium-range ballistic missile in October violated a June 2010 resolution banning the Islamic Republic from launches capable of delivering nuclear weapons. The test was not technically a violation of the July nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers. It's not known if the Security Council will take any action. ](/news/2015/12/15/the-united-nations-finds-iran-s-firing-of-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-in-october-violated-a-june-2010-resolution-banning-the-islamic-re.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council, nuclear program_
5. [The Supreme Leader of Iran Ali Khamenei accuses the United States of "holding a gun" to Tehran's head to pressure it to hold direct talks and states that it's very unlikely that these talks may take place. ](/news/2013/02/7/the-supreme-leader-of-iran-ali-khamenei-accuses-the-united-states-of-holding-a-gun-to-tehran-s-head-to-pressure-it-to-hold-direct-talks-an.md) _Context: Ali Khamenei, Iran, Supreme Leader of Iran_
6. [United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon urges Iran to comply with U.N. Security Council resolutions concerning the nuclear program of Iran, and implicitly criticises it for its Israel policy at a meeting of the Non-Aligned Movement. ](/news/2012/08/30/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-urges-iran-to-comply-with-u-n-security-council-resolutions-concerning-the-nuclear-program-of-i.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council, nuclear program_
7. [Supreme Leader of Iran Ali Khamenei calls nuclear weapons and their use "an unforgivable sin" and defends Iran's right to use nuclear energy for medical and peaceful purposes. ](/news/2012/08/30/supreme-leader-of-iran-ali-khamenei-calls-nuclear-weapons-and-their-use-an-unforgivable-sin-and-defends-iran-s-right-to-use-nuclear-energy.md) _Context: Ali Khamenei, Supreme Leader of Iran, nuclear program_
8. [The Supreme Leader of Iran Ayatollah Ali Khamenei refuses to accept the resignation of Intelligence Chief Heyder Moslehi. ](/news/2011/04/17/the-supreme-leader-of-iran-ayatollah-ali-khamenei-refuses-to-accept-the-resignation-of-intelligence-chief-heyder-moslehi.md) _Context: Ali Khamenei, Ayatollah, Supreme Leader of Iran_
9. [India summons the Iranian charge d'affaires to protest against remarks by Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei regarding Kashmir. It also abstains on a vote on Iranian human rights for the first time. ](/news/2010/11/19/india-summons-the-iranian-charga-c-d-affaires-to-protest-against-remarks-by-supreme-leader-ayatollah-ali-khamenei-regarding-kashmir-it-also.md) _Context: Ali Khamenei, Iran, Supreme Leader of Iran_
10. [The United Nations Security Council imposes a fourth round of sanctions against Iran over its nuclear program. ](/news/2010/06/9/the-united-nations-security-council-imposes-a-fourth-round-of-sanctions-against-iran-over-its-nuclear-program.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations Security Council, nuclear program_
