### [2007-03-21](/news/2007/03/21/index.md)

#  Two British sailors die and a third is injured as a result of an accident on the nuclear submarine HMS "Tireless" in the Arctic Ocean. [http://www.news.com.au/story/0,10117,21426111-2,00.html (AFP via News Limited)] (Wikinews)




### Related:

1. [A British Royal Navy sailor is charged with murdering an officer and attempted murder of three crew members aboard a nuclear submarine HMS Astute on Friday night in Southampton. ](/news/2011/04/10/a-british-royal-navy-sailor-is-charged-with-murdering-an-officer-and-attempted-murder-of-three-crew-members-aboard-a-nuclear-submarine-hms-a.md) _Context: Royal Navy, nuclear submarine_
2. [ The British Royal Navy's nuclear submarine HMS "Vanguard" and the French Navy's "Le Triomphant" collide in the Atlantic Ocean on February 3 or 4. ](/news/2009/02/16/the-british-royal-navy-s-nuclear-submarine-hms-vanguard-and-the-french-navy-s-le-triomphant-collide-in-the-atlantic-ocean-on-february-3.md) _Context: Royal Navy, nuclear submarine_
3. [U.S. President Barack Obama and Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau jointly ban offshore oil drilling in the Arctic Ocean and parts of the Atlantic coast. ](/news/2016/12/20/u-s-president-barack-obama-and-canadian-prime-minister-justin-trudeau-jointly-ban-offshore-oil-drilling-in-the-arctic-ocean-and-parts-of-th.md) _Context: Arctic Ocean_
4. [The Arctic Research Foundation discovers the wreck of the Royal Navy's HMS "Terror" almost completely intact off the southern coast of King William Island in the Canadian Arctic Archipelago, 168 years after being abandoned during Franklin's lost expedition in 1848. ](/news/2016/09/12/the-arctic-research-foundation-discovers-the-wreck-of-the-royal-navy-s-hms-terror-almost-completely-intact-off-the-southern-coast-of-king.md) _Context: Royal Navy_
5. [Spain-United Kingdom relations. Disputed status of Gibraltar. The Royal Navy's HMS "Sabre" fires warning shots at a Spanish Guardia Civil vessel after it twice attempted to cut across the path of United States Navy submarine USS "Florida" during an incursion into Gibraltar's territorial waters. Gibraltar officials say Spanish vessels regularly stray deep into its territorial waters and the Foreign and Commonwealth Office has attacked the incursions as provocative. ](/news/2016/05/5/spain-united-kingdom-relations-disputed-status-of-gibraltar-the-royal-navy-s-hms-sabre-fires-warning-shots-at-a-spanish-guardia-civil.md) _Context: Royal Navy_
6. [The Rhode Island Marine Architecture Project claims to have found the wreckage of HMS "Endeavour" used by Royal Navy Lieutenant James Cook on his voyage to Australia, New Zealand and Tahiti between 1768 and 1771. The ship was scuttled in 1778 in Newport Harbor ahead of the Battle of Rhode Island in the American War of Independence. ](/news/2016/05/3/the-rhode-island-marine-architecture-project-claims-to-have-found-the-wreckage-of-hms-endeavour-used-by-royal-navy-lieutenant-james-cook-o.md) _Context: Royal Navy_
7. [Ships from the British and German navies are dispatched to rescue thousands of migrants stranded in the Mediterranean Sea. ](/news/2015/06/6/ships-from-the-british-and-german-navies-are-dispatched-to-rescue-thousands-of-migrants-stranded-in-the-mediterranean-sea.md) _Context: Royal Navy_
8. [The Royal Navy's HMS Bulwark rescues 110 migrants from a dinghy off the coast of Libya, the first for a British ship during 2015. ](/news/2015/05/7/the-royal-navy-s-hms-bulwark-rescues-110-migrants-from-a-dinghy-off-the-coast-of-libya-the-first-for-a-british-ship-during-2015.md) _Context: Royal Navy_
9. [The Obama administration gives provisional approval for Royal Dutch Shell to drill in the Arctic Ocean during the summer. ](/news/2015/05/11/the-obama-administration-gives-provisional-approval-for-royal-dutch-shell-to-drill-in-the-arctic-ocean-during-the-summer.md) _Context: Arctic Ocean_
10. [The Government of India approves the construction of seven stealth frigates and six nuclear submarines for the Indian Navy. ](/news/2015/02/18/the-government-of-india-approves-the-construction-of-seven-stealth-frigates-and-six-nuclear-submarines-for-the-indian-navy.md) _Context: nuclear submarine_
