### [2011-07-2](/news/2011/07/2/index.md)

# ExxonMobil workers attempt to contain an oil spill on the Yellowstone River in the US state of Montana. 




### Source:

1. [Los Angeles Times](http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/greenspace/2011/07/exxon-pipeline-spill-on-yellowstone-river.html)

### Related:

1. [Brian Schweitzer, the Governor of the US state of Montana declares a state of emergency in counties affected by an oil spill in the Yellowstone River. ](/news/2011/07/5/brian-schweitzer-the-governor-of-the-us-state-of-montana-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-counties-affected-by-an-oil-spill-in-the-yellowst.md) _Context: Montana, Yellowstone River_
2. [Voters in Montana pick between Republican Greg Gianforte and  Democrat Rob Quist in the special congressional election to replace Ryan Zinke, who is now President Trump's Secretary of the Interior. ](/news/2017/05/25/voters-in-montana-pick-between-republican-greg-gianforte-and-democrat-rob-quist-in-the-special-congressional-election-to-replace-ryan-zinke.md) _Context: Montana_
3. [David Hittner, U.S. District Court Judge for the Southern District of Texas, rules ExxonMobil Corporation should pay a $19.95 million penalty for pollution from its Baytown, Texas, refining and chemical plant complex for 16,386 days of violations and 10 million pounds (4.5 Gg) of pollutants that were released in violation of operating permits between 2005 and 2013. ](/news/2017/04/26/david-hittner-u-s-district-court-judge-for-the-southern-district-of-texas-rules-exxonmobil-corporation-should-pay-a-19-95-million-penalt.md) _Context: ExxonMobil Corporation_
4. [President-elect Donald Trump formally announces ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson as his choice for United States Secretary of State. ](/news/2016/12/13/president-elect-donald-trump-formally-announces-exxonmobil-ceo-rex-tillerson-as-his-choice-for-united-states-secretary-of-state.md) _Context: ExxonMobil Corporation_
5. [The municipality of North Battleford, Saskatchewan shuts off its main water supply following an oil spill into the North Saskatchewan River the previous day, of up to 250,000 litres, from a pipeline owned by Husky Energy. ](/news/2016/07/22/the-municipality-of-north-battleford-saskatchewan-shuts-off-its-main-water-supply-following-an-oil-spill-into-the-north-saskatchewan-river.md) _Context: oil spill_
6. [ExxonMobil says that it is preparing a response to the subpoena from the Attorney General of New York pursuant to an investigation into whether Exxon has misled the public about climate change. ](/news/2015/11/5/exxonmobil-says-that-it-is-preparing-a-response-to-the-subpoena-from-the-attorney-general-of-new-york-pursuant-to-an-investigation-into-whet.md) _Context: ExxonMobil Corporation_
7. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: Montana_
8. [Guyana rejects the latest objections raised by neighboring Venezuela over the granting to ExxonMobil Corp. of an oil and gas concession in Caribbean waters claimed by both nations. ](/news/2015/03/14/guyana-rejects-the-latest-objections-raised-by-neighboring-venezuela-over-the-granting-to-exxonmobil-corp-of-an-oil-and-gas-concession-in-c.md) _Context: ExxonMobil Corporation_
9. [City officials of Glendive, Montana declare that the tap water is safe to consume following the January 17 oil spill in the Yellowstone River. ](/news/2015/01/23/city-officials-of-glendive-montana-declare-that-the-tap-water-is-safe-to-consume-following-the-january-17-oil-spill-in-the-yellowstone-rive.md) _Context: Yellowstone River_
10. [The Bridger Pipeline Company spills up to 50,000 gallons of oil into the Yellowstone River, near Glendive, Montana. ](/news/2015/01/17/the-bridger-pipeline-company-spills-up-to-50-000-gallons-of-oil-into-the-yellowstone-river-near-glendive-montana.md) _Context: oil spill_
