### [2015-02-3](/news/2015/02/3/index.md)

# John Baird resigns as the Canadian Minister of Foreign Affairs. 




### Source:

1. [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/reuters/article-2938101/Canadian-foreign-minister-quits-says-time-change.html)

### Related:

1. [Canada-Iran relations:Canada closes its embassy in Iran and orders all Iranian diplomatic staff out of Canada, citing Iran's support for Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, Iran's "among the worst" human rights record, its lack of respect for the Vienna conventions, its nuclear program and the security of Canadian diplomatic personnel. It sees Iran as the world's "most significant threat to global peace and security." Minister of foreign affairs Baird says the Canadian government files Iran as a "state sponsor of terrorism" under the Canadian ](/news/2012/09/7/canadaairan-relations-pcanada-closes-its-embassy-in-iran-and-orders-all-iranian-diplomatic-staff-out-of-canada-citing-iran-s-support-for.md) _Context: Canada, John Baird, Minister of Foreign Affairs_
2. [Canada announces it will establish an embassy in Myanmar after the country's widespread democratic reform, says Foreign Affairs Minister John Baird. ](/news/2012/07/13/canada-announces-it-will-establish-an-embassy-in-myanmar-after-the-country-s-widespread-democratic-reform-says-foreign-affairs-minister-joh.md) _Context: Canada, John Baird_
3. [Canada's Transportation Minister John Baird orders an inquiry after a video surfaces showing two figures boarding a flight without showing their faces. ](/news/2010/08/3/canada-s-transportation-minister-john-baird-orders-an-inquiry-after-a-video-surfaces-showing-two-figures-boarding-a-flight-without-showing-t.md) _Context: Canada, John Baird_
4. [ Embattled Canadian Minister of Foreign Affairs Maxime Bernier resigns after admitting to having left confidential documents unsecured in a private home. ](/news/2008/05/26/embattled-canadian-minister-of-foreign-affairs-maxime-bernier-resigns-after-admitting-to-having-left-confidential-documents-unsecured-in-a.md) _Context: Canada, Minister of Foreign Affairs_
5. [Paul Martin, Jr. is appointed Canada's 21st Prime Minister, and takes his oath of office along with his cabinet. Notable Ministers include Deputy Prime Minister Anne McLellan in Domestic Security, Ralph Goodale in Finance, Pierre Pettigrew in Health and Intergovernmental Affairs, Lucienne Robillard in Industry, Irwin Cotler in Justice, Bill Graham in Foreign Affairs and David Pratt in Defence. [http://www.cbc.ca/stories/2003/12/12/martin_cab031212]](/news/2003/12/12/paul-martin-jr-is-appointed-canada-s-21st-prime-minister-and-takes-his-oath-of-office-along-with-his-cabinet-notable-ministers-include-d.md) _Context: Canada, Minister of Foreign Affairs_
6. [Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C.  A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in-the-first-global-robotics-co.md) _Context: Canada_
7. [Canada celebrates the sesquicentennial (150-year) anniversary of the Canadian Confederation. ](/news/2017/07/1/canada-celebrates-the-sesquicentennial-150-year-anniversary-of-the-canadian-confederation.md) _Context: Canada_
8. [A state of emergency is declared in Montreal, Canada as 1,200 Canadian Forces personnel are deployed in the province of Quebec to help with rising floodwaters. 146 communities are affected and more than 1,500 residents have been evacuated from their homes. ](/news/2017/05/7/a-state-of-emergency-is-declared-in-montreal-canada-as-1-200-canadian-forces-personnel-are-deployed-in-the-province-of-quebec-to-help-with.md) _Context: Canada_
9. [A series of earthquakes, the largest registering 6.3, strike near Mosquito Lake, Alaska, near the Alaskan border with British Columbia, Canada. At least one office building and two schools were heavily damaged and evacuated in the Yukon. ](/news/2017/05/1/a-series-of-earthquakes-the-largest-registering-6-3-strike-near-mosquito-lake-alaska-near-the-alaskan-border-with-british-columbia-cana.md) _Context: Canada_
10. [American pipeline operator Williams Partners has agreed to sell an olefins plant in Louisiana to Canadian chemical company Nova Chemicals for $2.1 billion. ](/news/2017/04/17/american-pipeline-operator-williams-partners-has-agreed-to-sell-an-olefins-plant-in-louisiana-to-canadian-chemical-company-nova-chemicals-fo.md) _Context: Canada_
