### [2015-02-3](/news/2015/02/3/index.md)

# Standard & Poor's reaches settlements totaling $1.5 billion with the U.S. Justice Department and several U.S. states for inflating ratings on subprime mortgage bonds in the lead-up to the 2008 financial crisis. 

Standard &amp; Poor’s $1.5 billion settlement today will let the world’s biggest ratings company move beyond a bruising legal battle over the top grades it gave to subprime-mortgage bonds, though at a more painful price than those paid by big banks that assembled those securities.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-02-03/s-p-ends-legal-woes-with-1-5-billion-penalty-with-u-s-states)

### Related:

1. [Goldman Sachs agrees to pay $5.06 billion to settle allegations that it sold packages of shoddy mortgages prior to the global financial crisis.. The U.S. Justice Department settlement includes a $2.385 billion civil penalty, and $1.8 billion for distressed borrowers and communities affected by the housing crisis. ](/news/2016/04/11/goldman-sachs-agrees-to-pay-5-06-billion-to-settle-allegations-that-it-sold-packages-of-shoddy-mortgages-prior-to-the-global-financial-cris.md) _Context: 2008 financial crisis, Department of Justice_
2. [ Virgin Galactic and the U.S. state of New Mexico sign a US$150-250 million agreement to launch sub-orbital commercial space flights at Spaceport America, near Las Cruces and Truth or Consequences. ](/news/2009/01/1/virgin-galactic-and-the-u-s-state-of-new-mexico-sign-a-us-150-250-million-agreement-to-launch-sub-orbital-commercial-space-flights-at-spac.md) _Context: US$, state_
3. [ 2008 Russian financial crisis: Standard & Poor's becomes the first credit rating agency to downgrade Russia since 1999, while data showed that the Central Bank spent US$30 billion in currency market interventions in November 2008. ](/news/2008/12/8/2008-russian-financial-crisis-p-standard-poor-s-becomes-the-first-credit-rating-agency-to-downgrade-russia-since-1999-while-data-showed.md) _Context: Standard & Poor's, US$_
4. [ The Third Circuit Court of Appeal in the U.S. state of Louisiana rules that Mychal Bell should not have been tried as an adult in the Jena Six case, and he is released on a $45,000 bail bond. ](/news/2007/09/27/the-third-circuit-court-of-appeal-in-the-u-s-state-of-louisiana-rules-that-mychal-bell-should-not-have-been-tried-as-an-adult-in-the-jena.md) _Context: US$, state_
5. [The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling  that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and  let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of  the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision  on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-may-25-ruling-that-affirmed-the.md) _Context: Department of Justice_
6. [U.S. President Donald Trump arrives in Saudi Arabia, his first of three scheduled foreign trips. Trump signs an arms deal with King Salman worth more than US$100 billion. ](/news/2017/05/20/u-s-president-donald-trump-arrives-in-saudi-arabia-his-first-of-three-scheduled-foreign-trips-trump-signs-an-arms-deal-with-king-salman-w.md) _Context: US$_
7. [In an interview, U.S. President Donald Trump says the U.S. dollar is "getting too strong" and wants to keep interest rates low, causing the U.S. Dollar Index to fall. ](/news/2017/04/12/in-an-interview-u-s-president-donald-trump-says-the-u-s-dollar-is-getting-too-strong-and-wants-to-keep-interest-rates-low-causing-the.md) _Context: US$_
8. [South Korea announces it will be raising its US$217,000 cash reward for classified information from North Korea by defectors to $860,000. ](/news/2017/03/5/south-korea-announces-it-will-be-raising-its-us-217-000-cash-reward-for-classified-information-from-north-korea-by-defectors-to-860-000.md) _Context: US$_
9. [U.S. immigration suspension, ''State of Washington v. Trump''Trump's travel ban remains suspended as the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit denies the Justice Department's request to stay the ruling which blocks major portions of the executive order. ](/news/2017/02/5/u-s-immigration-suspension-state-of-washington-v-trump-ptrump-s-travel-ban-remains-suspended-as-the-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-nint.md) _Context: Department of Justice_
10. [An Austrian court grants a United States request to extradite Ukrainian businessman Dmytro Firtash. U.S. officials accuse Firtash of being involved in a scandal where he allegedly paid US$18.5 million in bribes for a permit to mine titanium in India, something Firtash denies. ](/news/2017/02/21/an-austrian-court-grants-a-united-states-request-to-extradite-ukrainian-businessman-dmytro-firtash-u-s-officials-accuse-firtash-of-being-i.md) _Context: US$_
