### [2004-11-2](/news/2004/11/2/index.md)

#  Conflict in Iraq: Iraqi officials report at least eight dead in a car bomb outside the education ministry in Baghdad. In Mosul, another car bomb kills two and wounds four Iraqi National Guard. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/3975195.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6692993&pageNumber=1)

### Related:

1. [ Conflict in Iraq: A suicide car bomb kills 16 and wounds 40 at a police training base in Ramadi west of Baghdad. A separate car bomb kills four Iraqi National Guard soldiers at a check point in Samarra. Two die and four are injured in U.S. air strikes on Falluja. In Mosul, two Turkish drivers are killed and two wounded when their convoy is attacked. Mortars land in central Baghdad killing two civilians. The U.S. military say they have captured a senior official of al-Zarqawi's militant organization. ](/news/2004/10/23/conflict-in-iraq-a-suicide-car-bomb-kills-16-and-wounds-40-at-a-police-training-base-in-ramadi-west-of-baghdad-a-separate-car-bomb-kills.md) _Context: Baghdad, Conflict in Iraq, Iraqi National Guard, Mosul, car bomb_
2. [ Conflict in Iraq: U.S. troops reach the center of Falluja with heavy fighting reported throughout the city. The Pentagon announces 10 U.S. and two Iraqi soldiers killed in the assault. One third of prisoners captured in Falluja by Iraqi forces have been foreigners from Egypt and Syria. Residents say a U.S. airstrike hit a clinic killing medical staff and patients. A nine-year-old boy dies because of lack of medical assistance after he was hit by shrapnel in what parents say was a separate airstrike. The mainly Sunni Iraqi Islamic Party withdraws from the Iraq Interim Governing Council. Iraqi and U.S. forces capture a mosque in northwest Falluja that was being used as an arms depot and insurgent meeting place and the Muslim Clerics Association called for a boycott of the election in protest of the assault. In Mosul, two U.S. soldiers are killed when mortars land in a military base. Three police stations are attacked in Baquba with casualty reports ranging from 25 to 45 people killed. A car bomb outside an Iraqi National Guard base near Kirkuk kills three people and wounds two. In Samarra, a senior local government official is assassinated. ](/news/2004/11/8/conflict-in-iraq-u-s-troops-reach-the-center-of-falluja-with-heavy-fighting-reported-throughout-the-city-the-pentagon-announces-10-u-s.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraqi National Guard, Mosul, car bomb_
3. [ Three car bombs&mdash;two in the Iraqi capital of Baghdad, and one in the northern city of Mosul&mdash;kill at least 26 people and wound at least 100. All the casualties are Iraqis. ](/news/2004/10/4/three-car-bombs-mdash-two-in-the-iraqi-capital-of-baghdad-and-one-in-the-northern-city-of-mosul-mdash-kill-at-least-26-people-and-wound-at.md) _Context: Baghdad, Conflict in Iraq, Mosul, car bomb_
4. [ Conflict in Iraq: A roadside bomb kills a U.S. soldier and wounds five others in western Baghdad. Hospital officials say five civilians are killed from U.S. snipers in the western city of Ramadi. In Kirkuk, a roadside bomb kills an Iraqi civilian. An Estonian soldier is killed and five wounded in a bomb blast in Baghdad. A mortar lands on an Iraqi National Guard checkpoint north of Baghdad, killing an Iraqi civilian. In Mosul, a car bomb kills a tribal leader and two civilians. ](/news/2004/10/25/conflict-in-iraq-a-roadside-bomb-kills-a-u-s-soldier-and-wounds-five-others-in-western-baghdad-hospital-officials-say-five-civilians-are.md) _Context: Baghdad, Conflict in Iraq, Iraqi National Guard, Mosul_
5. [ Conflict in Iraq: At least 26 Iraqi police die following two car bombs in the Baghdad. Elsewhere, 3 Shia pilgrims are shot dead by a passenger in a passing car traveling to Karbala, two Iraqi police members are killed near Kirkuk and three civil servants die following an attack on the Ministry of Industry in East Baghdad. ](/news/2005/09/15/conflict-in-iraq-at-least-26-iraqi-police-die-following-two-car-bombs-in-the-baghdad-elsewhere-3-shia-pilgrims-are-shot-dead-by-a-passen.md) _Context: Baghdad, Conflict in Iraq, car bomb_
6. [ Conflict in Iraq: At least 17 people are killed in a series of gun battles and a suicide car bombing that targeted the Iraqi Police in Baghdad. ](/news/2005/08/24/conflict-in-iraq-at-least-17-people-are-killed-in-a-series-of-gun-battles-and-a-suicide-car-bombing-that-targeted-the-iraqi-police-in-bagh.md) _Context: Baghdad, Conflict in Iraq, car bomb_
7. [ Conflict in Iraq: At least 42 people have died following a series of co-ordinated car bombings in the Iraqi capital of Baghdad. ](/news/2005/08/17/conflict-in-iraq-at-least-42-people-have-died-following-a-series-of-co-ordinated-car-bombings-in-the-iraqi-capital-of-baghdad.md) _Context: Baghdad, Conflict in Iraq, car bomb_
8. [ Conflict in Iraq: A suicide car bomb is detonated near interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi's Iraqi National Accord party office. Officials say Allawi was not in the area at the time and that seven policemen and three civilians were wounded. U.S. military officials confirm the death of one soldier in Mosul and state four of Iraq's 18 provinces, a quarter of the total population and predominantly Sunni, will be unsafe to vote in Sunday's elections. ](/news/2005/01/24/conflict-in-iraq-a-suicide-car-bomb-is-detonated-near-interim-prime-minister-iyad-allawi-s-iraqi-national-accord-party-office-officials-s.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Mosul, car bomb_
9. [ Conflict in Iraq: Three suicide car bombs in Samarra kill 19 Iraqi police, two Iraqi National Guardsmen, two Iraqi Rapid Reaction Forces, and 11 civilians, with 48 wounded. In Ramadi, an Iraqi is killed and 20 U.S. Marines are wounded after a shoot-out between the Marines and rebels. A physician at Fallujah General Hospital reports two dead and maintains no foreign fighters have been admitted to his hospital. ](/news/2004/11/6/conflict-in-iraq-three-suicide-car-bombs-in-samarra-kill-19-iraqi-police-two-iraqi-national-guardsmen-two-iraqi-rapid-reaction-forces-a.md) _Context: Conflict in Iraq, Iraqi National Guard, car bomb_
10. [ Conflict in Iraq: 42 primarily Shi'a parties release a statement saying a postponement of elections would be illegal. The U.S. military reports a U.S. soldier is killed by a roadside bomb in Duluiya north of Baghdad and that troops discover 17 more corpses in Mosul, raising the number found to at least 50 in two weeks. Hospital officials in Ramadi say two people are killed and three wounded when U.S. troops fire on suspected insurgents. ](/news/2004/11/28/conflict-in-iraq-42-primarily-shi-a-parties-release-a-statement-saying-a-postponement-of-elections-would-be-illegal-the-u-s-military-rep.md) _Context: Baghdad, Conflict in Iraq, Mosul_
