### [2002-08-13](/news/2002/08/13/index.md)

#  Extreme weather: On the seventh day of heavy rains, the peak of 100-year flood of the Vltava River reaches Prague, and the Kampa district is submerged under several yards of water, as well as the Prague Zoo, killing an elephant, five rhinoceros, a lion, a gorilla and 80 birds, and allowing five seals to escape. The Kampa Museum is flooded. 15,000 people were evacuated from Melnik, and 1,600 people were evacuated from Decin. The death toll in Europe is at 88, 9 in the Czech Republic.




### Related:

1. [ Extreme weather: The peak of a 100-year flood of the Vltava River surges through the Czech Republic into the Elbe in Germany. In Plzen the city center is flooded, and breweries shut down. In Ceske Budejovice, most of the old town is under more than a foot of water, and the Czech Budweiser breweries are shut down. More than 200,000 Czechs are forced to leave their homes. Damages are estimated at over $600 million. In Dresden, the Zwinger Palace courtyard and basement are flooded, damaging paintings. The Semper Opera basement is flooded, closing it for weeks. More than 3,000 hospital patients are evacuated. Europe-wide death toll is now 99.](/news/2002/08/14/extreme-weather-the-peak-of-a-100-year-flood-of-the-vltava-river-surges-through-the-czech-republic-into-the-elbe-in-germany-in-plzea-the.md) _Context: 100-year flood, Vltava River, extreme weather_
2. [Destruction of ivory. Kenya burns 105 tonnes of elephant ivory and 1.05 tonnes of rhinoceros horn in order to call for a total ban on the ivory trade. ](/news/2016/04/30/destruction-of-ivory-kenya-burns-105-tonnes-of-elephant-ivory-and-1-05-tonnes-of-rhinoceros-horn-in-order-to-call-for-a-total-ban-on-the-iv.md) _Context: elephant, rhinoceros_
3. [2 tonnes of elephant ivory and five rhino horns disguised as avocados destined for Malaysia are seized in Nairobi, Kenya. ](/news/2010/08/23/2-tonnes-of-elephant-ivory-and-five-rhino-horns-disguised-as-avocados-destined-for-malaysia-are-seized-in-nairobi-kenya.md) _Context: elephant, rhinoceros_
4. [ Extreme weather: One of the sea lions who escaped from the Prague Zoo on the 13th is safely recaptured near Wittenberg.](/news/2002/08/18/extreme-weather-one-of-the-sea-lions-who-escaped-from-the-prague-zoo-on-the-13th-is-safely-recaptured-near-wittenberg.md) _Context: Prague Zoo, extreme weather_
5. [ Extreme weather: The death toll in Europe caused by flooding has risen to at least 74, with 58 deaths in Russia, 3 in Germany, 3 in Austria, and one in the Czech Republic. Prime Minister Vladimir Spidla declared a state of emergency in Prague, Bohemia, Plzen and Karlovy Vary. All shipping on the Danube has been halted. Premier Silvio Berlusconi approved $50 million in emergency aid in response to the $300 million in damage of northern Italy's crops.](/news/2002/08/12/extreme-weather-the-death-toll-in-europe-caused-by-flooding-has-risen-to-at-least-74-with-58-deaths-in-russia-3-in-germany-3-in-austria.md) _Context: Prague, extreme weather_
6. [Czech police announce the arrest of a man at a Prague hotel two weeks ago who they claim is a Russian hacker suspected of targeting the U.S. ](/news/2016/10/19/czech-police-announce-the-arrest-of-a-man-at-a-prague-hotel-two-weeks-ago-who-they-claim-is-a-russian-hacker-suspected-of-targeting-the-u-s.md) _Context: Prague_
7. [European migrant crisis. Czech Minister of the Interior Milan Chovanec says that authorities in Prague will send a group of 25 Iraqi Christians back to Iraq after they tried to move to Germany rather than staying in the Czech Republic. The refugees were on their way to Germany via bus before being stopped at the border. Czech authorities agreed to a request by the German police to take the people back. Chovanec said the 25 Iraqis abused Czech generosity and should go back to Iraq within seven days. ](/news/2016/04/3/european-migrant-crisis-czech-minister-of-the-interior-milan-chovanec-says-that-authorities-in-prague-will-send-a-group-of-25-iraqi-christi.md) _Context: Prague_
8. [A report from the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine states climate science progress makes it possible to accurately detect global warming's fingerprints on certain extreme weather events. There is "high confidence" in studies looking for climate change connections between extreme hot and cold temperatures, while efforts trying to attribute droughts and extreme rainfall has medium confidence. ](/news/2016/03/11/a-report-from-the-national-academies-of-sciences-engineering-and-medicine-states-climate-science-progress-makes-it-possible-to-accurately.md) _Context: extreme weather_
9. [After more than 200 years, Mozart's and Salieri's lost cantata "Per la ricuperata salute di Ofelia" is discovered in Prague. ](/news/2016/02/16/after-more-than-200-years-mozart-s-and-salieri-s-lost-cantata-per-la-ricuperata-salute-di-ofelia-is-discovered-in-prague.md) _Context: Prague_
10. [The president of the Czech Republic, Milos Zeman, marks the 26th anniversary of the Velvet Revolution by attending an anti-Islam rally in Prague with the "Bloc against Islam" group which supports the president. The rally is also attended by observers from the German protest movement, PEGIDA (Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the Occident) and Tommy Robinson, a prominent British anti-Islam activist. Zeman tells the crowd of several thousand that they aren't extremists for advocating closing the Republic-s borders to Muslim migrants. ](/news/2015/11/17/the-president-of-the-czech-republic-miloa-zeman-marks-the-26th-anniversary-of-the-velvet-revolution-by-attending-an-anti-islam-rally-in-p.md) _Context: Prague_
