### [2016-01-6](/news/2016/01/6/index.md)

# A 5.1 magnitude earthquake near Sungjibaegam, North Korea, is suspected to be a nuclear explosion at the Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site. North Korea announces it has conducted a hydrogen bomb test. They claim to have tested a miniaturized bomb. If not true it would mean that the test partially failed. 

A 5.1-magnitude earthquake detected near North Korea’s nuclear test site appears to have been artificial, according to South Korea’s meteorological service, raising the prospect the isolated regime tested a nuclear device.


### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2016-01-07/un-demands-north-korea-cease-further-nuclear-action/7072506)
2. [AFP via ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2016-01-06/north-korea-earthquake-near-nuclear-test-site-could-be-blast/7070848)
3. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/148519e577cc4f5e99478c07213b2ad0/earthquake-detected-north-korea-not-clear-if-nuke-test)
4. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-01-06/magnitude-5-1-quake-detected-near-north-korea-nuclear-test-site)
5. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/live/2016/jan/06/north-korea-major-announcement-artificial-earthquake-nuclear-test-site-live)

### Related:

1. [South Korea says it will resume cross-border propaganda broadcasts and limit entry to the Kaesong Industrial Region in response to yesterday's nuclear test at the North's Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site. North Korea considers the propaganda broadcasts to be "an act of war". ](/news/2016/01/7/south-korea-says-it-will-resume-cross-border-propaganda-broadcasts-and-limit-entry-to-the-kaesong-industrial-region-in-response-to-yesterday.md) _Context: North Korea, Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site, nuclear test_
2. [North Korea may be preparing for an imminent thermonuclear weapon test at its Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site, located in the country's North Hamgyong Province where previous tests took place in 2006, 2009 and 2013, according to a South Korean military report. ](/news/2016/01/3/north-korea-may-be-preparing-for-an-imminent-thermonuclear-weapon-test-at-its-punggye-ri-nuclear-test-site-located-in-the-country-s-north-h.md) _Context: North Korea, Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site, hydrogen bomb_
3. [U.S.-based monitoring group 38 North says satellite imagery of North Korea's Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site indicates that preparation for a sixth nuclear weapons test is underway. ](/news/2017/04/13/u-s-based-monitoring-group-38-north-says-satellite-imagery-of-north-korea-s-punggye-ri-nuclear-test-site-indicates-that-preparation-for-a-s.md) _Context: North Korea, Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site_
4. [The Philippines impounds a North Korean cargo ship in line with new UN sanctions on North Korea in response to Pyongyang's recent nuclear test and missile launch. Presidential spokesman, Manolo Quezon, said the 6,830-tonne cargo ship would not be allowed to leave the Port of Subic, Luzon, where it has been docked for three days, and that its crew would be deported. ](/news/2016/03/5/the-philippines-impounds-a-north-korean-cargo-ship-in-line-with-new-un-sanctions-on-north-korea-in-response-to-pyongyang-s-recent-nuclear-te.md) _Context: North Korea, nuclear test_
5. [The United Nations Security Council vote on the United States-China draft resolution on North Korea is rescheduled to 10:00 a.m. EST Wednesday.   Russia requests more time to review the text. ](/news/2016/03/1/the-united-nations-security-council-vote-on-the-united-states-china-draft-resolution-on-north-korea-is-rescheduled-to-10-00-a-m-est-wednesd.md) _Context: North Korea, nuclear test_
6. [The United States will present the draft resolution, resulting from yesterday's meeting with China, to the United Nations Security Council expanding sanctions on North Korea over its nuclear program. ](/news/2016/02/25/the-united-states-will-present-the-draft-resolution-resulting-from-yesterday-s-meeting-with-china-to-the-united-nations-security-council-e.md) _Context: North Korea, nuclear test_
7. [United States National Security Advisor Susan Rice and Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi agree on a draft resolution that would expand United Nations Security Council sanctions following North Korea's latest nuclear test. U.S. President Barack Obama participated in the meeting. The draft is now headed to the  full 15-member council. ](/news/2016/02/24/united-states-national-security-advisor-susan-rice-and-chinese-foreign-minister-wang-yi-agree-on-a-draft-resolution-that-would-expand-united.md) _Context: North Korea, nuclear test_
8. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi agree, on principle, that a strong United Nations Security Council resolution is needed regarding North Korea's nuclear test earlier this month. ](/news/2016/01/27/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-and-chinese-foreign-minister-wang-yi-agree-on-principle-that-a-strong-united-nations-security-council-r.md) _Context: North Korea, nuclear test_
9. [South Korea and the People's Republic of China will hold talks to develop a joint response to last week's North Korean nuclear test. ](/news/2016/01/14/south-korea-and-the-people-s-republic-of-china-will-hold-talks-to-develop-a-joint-response-to-last-week-s-north-korean-nuclear-test.md) _Context: North Korea, nuclear test_
10. [The United States House of Representatives votes overwhelmingly in favor of legislation to tighten sanctions on North Korea in response to the North's latest nuclear test. ](/news/2016/01/12/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-overwhelmingly-in-favor-of-legislation-to-tighten-sanctions-on-north-korea-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: North Korea, nuclear test_
