### [2012-07-7](/news/2012/07/7/index.md)

# 2012 Wimbledon Championships in England:Serena Williams of the United States beats Agnieszka Radwanska of Poland in the final of the Women's Singles. 

Serena Williams beats Agnieszka Radwanska to claim her fifth Wimbledon singles title before winning the doubles with sister Venus.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/tennis/18749540)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/tennis/18757744)

### Related:

1. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: Poland, U.S._
2. [Russia deploys its S-400 missile system in Kaliningrad, an exclave between Poland and Lithuania, in response to "NATO expansion" near its borders. The United States criticizes the move as "destabilizing" to Europe. Russia announced the planned deployment over a decade ago. ](/news/2016/11/21/russia-deploys-its-s-400-missile-system-in-kaliningrad-an-exclave-between-poland-and-lithuania-in-response-to-nato-expansion-near-its-bo.md) _Context: Poland, U.S._
3. [The leader of Poland's Democracy Defence Committee, Mateusz Kijowski, says the government has "broken the country" after Polish President, Andrzej Duda, enacted a measure curbing the powers of the country's  highest legislative court, the Constitutional Tribunal, despite protests and warnings from the European Union. Kijowski further called for foreign intervention in the country from "Europe and the United States" to topple the Law and Justice (PiS) government, saying "they must help us, otherwise Poland will leave the community of democracies". After news broke that Duda had signed into law the constitutional tribunal bill, he made a speech on television defending his move. Polish newspaper Gazeta Wyborcza quoted U.S. sources saying Barack Obama had objections and had let it be known he would delay meeting Duda. The newspaper also suggested Poland's hosting of the next NATO summit, planned for July 2016, was in the balance. ](/news/2015/12/28/the-leader-of-poland-s-democracy-defence-committee-mateusz-kijowski-says-the-government-has-broken-the-country-after-polish-president-a.md) _Context: Poland, U.S._
4. [A U.S. F-18 fighter jet crashes into farmland near RAF Lakenheath in Suffolk county, England, killing the pilot. ](/news/2015/10/21/a-u-s-f-18-fighter-jet-crashes-into-farmland-near-raf-lakenheath-in-suffolk-county-england-killing-the-pilot.md) _Context: England, U.S._
5. [The U.S. Coast Guard is searching for a 735-foot (224-meter) cargo ship named 'El Faro,' with 33 people on board, that went missing near Crooked Island in the Bahamas during Hurricane Joaquin. Five Poles and 28 Americans make up the crew. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/northamerica/usa/11909023/Hurricane-Joaquin-cargo-ship-with-33-crew-on-board-missing-near-the-eye-of-the-storm.html (The Telegraph)] [http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/03/us-storm-joaquin-idUSKCN0RV3NW20151003 (Reuters)]Hurricane Joaquin attacked The Bahamas as a Category 4 hurricane and destroyed houses, cut communications and electric power, uprooted trees, and unleashed heavy flooding. So far, there are no reports of fatalities or injuries. The storm, which weakened to Category 3 status with 125 mph sustained winds, is expected to dump up to 25 inches (63.5 centimeters) of rain in some location before it moves away from the islands. [http://www.sacbee.com/news/nation-world/article37293927.html (AP via Sacramento Bee)] [http://news.yahoo.com/hurricane-joaquin-upgraded-category-four-us-forecasters-181105118.html (AFP via Yahoo News)]Joaquin is slowly moving on a east/northeast trek lowering the possibility of  a direct hit to the U.S. East Coast. However, unrelated storms have already drenched the eastern seaboard this week. Streets were underwater up and down the coast at this afternoon's high tide. Adding Joaquin's wind and rain could create deadly, unprecedented downpours, flooding, wind damage, and power outages. [http://www.wnd.com/2015/10/joaquin-shifting-eastward-but-stay-on-guard/ (WorldNetDaily)] [http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/03/us-storm-joaquin-idUSKCN0RV3NW20151003 (Reuters)] [http://www.pressherald.com/2015/10/02/east-coast-braces-for-more-heavy-rain-potential-for-hurricane/ (AP via Portland Press-Herald)].](/news/2015/10/2/the-u-s-coast-guard-is-searching-for-a-735-foot-224-meter-cargo-ship-named-el-faro-with-33-people-on-board-that-went-missing-near-cro.md) _Context: Poland, U.S._
6. [London police end their three-year long, round-the-clock guard outside the Ecuadorian Embassy   waiting to arrest WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange. Officers have been stationed at this embassy since June 2012.  Police said the operation cost 11.1 million pounds (17.6 million dollars) through April 2015. Assange is wanted for jumping bail in England and sexual assault allegations in Sweden. Assange denies the Swedish charges and suspects the real reason is to bring him to the U.S. ](/news/2015/10/12/london-police-end-their-three-year-long-round-the-clock-guard-outside-the-ecuadorian-embassy-waiting-to-arrest-wikileaks-founder-julian-a.md) _Context: England, U.S._
7. [Eddie Maher, who spent almost 20 years as a fugitive in the United States, is jailed for five years for stealing a security van containing PS1.2m in Suffolk, England. ](/news/2013/03/5/eddie-maher-who-spent-almost-20-years-as-a-fugitive-in-the-united-states-is-jailed-for-five-years-for-stealing-a-security-van-containing-a.md) _Context: England, U.S._
8. [English singer and lyricist Morrissey is diagnosed with severe pneumonia and hospitalised in San Francisco on his U.S. tour. ](/news/2013/03/12/english-singer-and-lyricist-morrissey-is-diagnosed-with-severe-pneumonia-and-hospitalised-in-san-francisco-on-his-u-s-tour.md) _Context: England, U.S._
9. [In tennis, Roger Federer of Switzerland defeats Andy Murray of the United Kingdom three sets to one at the men's singles final of the 2012 Wimbledon Championships in England. ](/news/2012/07/8/in-tennis-roger-federer-of-switzerland-defeats-andy-murray-of-the-united-kingdom-three-sets-to-one-at-the-men-s-singles-final-of-the-2012-w.md) _Context: 2012 Wimbledon Championships, England_
10. [In tennis, Samantha Stosur of Australia wins the Women's Singles in the 2011 US Open, defeating Serena Williams of the United States  6-2, 6-3. ](/news/2011/09/11/in-tennis-samantha-stosur-of-australia-wins-the-women-s-singles-in-the-2011-us-open-defeating-serena-williams-of-the-united-states-6-2-6.md) _Context: Serena Williams, U.S._
