### [2012-07-7](/news/2012/07/7/index.md)

# American politician Barney Frank marries his long-time partner James Ready, becoming the first member of the United States House of Representatives to enter into a same-sex marriage. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via MSNBC](http://nbcpolitics.msnbc.msn.com/_news/2012/07/07/12619859-barney-frank-weds-longtime-partner-first-congressman-in-same-sex-marriage)

### Related:

1. [ The United States House of Representatives approves legislation developed by Barney Frank to let the United States government insure up to $300 billion in mortgages to help homeowners avert foreclosure. ](/news/2008/05/8/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-approves-legislation-developed-by-barney-frank-to-let-the-united-states-government-insure-up-to.md) _Context: Barney Frank, United States House of Representatives_
2. [ The United States House of Representatives fails to pass a constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriage with a 236-187 vote; 47 short of the necessary two-thirds support needed to pass an amendment. ](/news/2006/07/18/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-fails-to-pass-a-constitutional-amendment-to-ban-same-sex-marriage-with-a-236-187-vote-47-short.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives, same-sex marriage_
3. [Recognition of same-sex unions in Malta. A bill allowing same-sex marriage in Malta gets approved by Parliament. ](/news/2017/07/12/recognition-of-same-sex-unions-in-malta-a-bill-allowing-same-sex-marriage-in-malta-gets-approved-by-parliament.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
4. [115th United States Congress. The United States House of Representatives pass a bill ending Dodd-Frank regulations. The bill now goes to the Senate where it is expected to not go through. ](/news/2017/06/8/115th-united-states-congress-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-pass-a-bill-ending-dodd-frank-regulations-the-bill-now-goes-to-t.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
5. [Recognition of same-sex unions in Germany. The Bundestag votes to introduce same-sex marriage in Germany. With 393 votes in favor and 226 against, including Chancellor Angela Merkel, the law is expected to enter into force before the end of the year. ](/news/2017/06/30/recognition-of-same-sex-unions-in-germany-the-bundestag-votes-to-introduce-same-sex-marriage-in-germany-with-393-votes-in-favor-and-226-ag.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
6. [Recognition of same-sex unions in Germany. German same-sex couples may be able to marry after Chancellor Angela Merkel drops her opposition for a parliamentary vote. ](/news/2017/06/29/recognition-of-same-sex-unions-in-germany-german-same-sex-couples-may-be-able-to-marry-after-chancellor-angela-merkel-drops-her-opposition.md) _Context: same-sex marriage_
7. [Efforts to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. American Health Care Act of 2017. The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/efforts-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-american-health-care-act-of-2017-the-republican-controlled-united-states.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
8. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017. Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia. ](/news/2017/04/18/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
9. [American Health Care Act of 2017. The United States House of Representatives approaches a vote on a replacement plan for the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (aka Obamacare). ](/news/2017/03/23/american-health-care-act-of-2017-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-approaches-a-vote-on-a-replacement-plan-for-the-patient-protect.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
10. [U.S. Representative Matt Gaetz proposes a bill to eliminate the United States Environmental Protection Agency. ](/news/2017/02/6/u-s-representative-matt-gaetz-proposes-a-bill-to-eliminate-the-united-states-environmental-protection-agency.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
