### [2005-02-28](/news/2005/02/28/index.md)

#  In Cte d'Ivoire there are new clashes between rebels and government forces. United Nations peacekeepers try to intervene. Rebels state the that peace effort is now finished 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/4304745.stm)
2. [Reuters SA](http://www.reuters.co.za/locales/c_newsArticle.jsp;:42234aee:7b715a75793c68a?type=topNews&localeKey=en_ZA&storyID=7760507)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=7757372)
4. [SABC](http://www.sabcnews.com/africa/west_africa/0,2172,98957,00.html)

### Related:

1. [United Nations and French forces open fire on the residence of the President of Cte d'Ivoire Laurent Gbagbo in response to recent attacks. ](/news/2011/04/10/united-nations-and-french-forces-open-fire-on-the-residence-of-the-president-of-cote-d-ivoire-laurent-gbagbo-in-response-to-recent-attacks.md) _Context: Cte d'Ivoire, United Nations_
2. [Mass graves are discovered in Cte d'Ivoire amid other political violence as United Nations peacekeepers come under increased tension in the country when allies of Alassane Ouattara call for a forceful removal of Laurent Gbagbo. ](/news/2011/01/1/mass-graves-are-discovered-in-cote-d-ivoire-amid-other-political-violence-as-united-nations-peacekeepers-come-under-increased-tension-in-the.md) _Context: Cte d'Ivoire, United Nations_
3. [ The United Nations suspends a Moroccan peacekeeping contingent in the Cte d'Ivoire following allegations of widespread sexual abuse. ](/news/2007/07/21/the-united-nations-suspends-a-moroccan-peacekeeping-contingent-in-the-cote-d-ivoire-following-allegations-of-widespread-sexual-abuse.md) _Context: Cte d'Ivoire, United Nations_
4. [ Bangladeshi UN peacekeepers are attacked by Laurent Gbagbo's "Young Patriots" in Cte d'Ivoire. At least three people have been killed, and the UN has warned that the country is sliding towards war. ](/news/2006/01/18/bangladeshi-un-peacekeepers-are-attacked-by-laurent-gbagbo-s-young-patriots-in-cote-d-ivoire-at-least-three-people-have-been-killed-and.md) _Context: Cte d'Ivoire, United Nations_
5. [Two North Korean shipments to a Syrian government agency of its chemical weapons program were intercepted in the past 6 months, according to a confidential United Nations report on violations of North Korea's sactions. ](/news/2017/08/21/two-north-korean-shipments-to-a-syrian-government-agency-of-its-chemical-weapons-program-were-intercepted-in-the-past-6-months-according-to.md) _Context: United Nations_
6. [According to the United Nations, the Philippines has the largest increase in HIV/AIDS in the Asia Pacific region with about a 140% increase in cases from 2010 until 2016 possibly causing a 'national emergency.' ](/news/2017/08/1/according-to-the-united-nations-the-philippines-has-the-largest-increase-in-hiv-aids-in-the-asia-pacific-region-with-about-a-140-increase.md) _Context: United Nations_
7. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
8. [Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to-the-united-nations-following-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [The United Nations confirms that the FARC has completed its disarmament process, with former rebels due to make the transition to civilian life and the group to transform into a legal political party in the country. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-united-nations-confirms-that-the-farc-has-completed-its-disarmament-process-with-former-rebels-due-to-make-the-transition-to-civilian-l.md) _Context: United Nations_
