### [2005-02-28](/news/2005/02/28/index.md)

#  In Israel the Israel Defense Forces reports that those who tell recruiters that they play role-playing games are automatically given low security clearance and are sent directly to a professional for an evaluation, usually a psychologist. 

IDF says players are detached from reality and automatically given a low security clearance


### Source:

1. [Ynetnews](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3052074,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian civil war. Israel-Syria relations. Syria reports its air defense shot down an Israeli warplane that attacked a Syrian army position in al-Quneitra, near the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights. The Israel Defense Forces say that missiles were fired at their aircraft but none hit. ](/news/2016/09/13/syrian-civil-war-israel-syria-relations-syria-reports-its-air-defense-shot-down-an-israeli-warplane-that-attacked-a-syrian-army-position.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israe.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
3. [Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. Israel says an Arab-Israeli man who served in the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) has joined Islamic State militants in Syria. ](/news/2015/12/13/islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-israel-says-an-arab-israeli-man-who-served-in-the-israel-defense-forces-idf-has-joined-islamic-state.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015),. Three Palestinians are killed by Israeli forces, two in Hebron, one of whom reportedly tried to ram his car into soldiers and the other during a violent demonstration in the West Bank city. A third Palestinian died in clashes with Israeli troops at the border fence between the Gaza Strip and Israel. ](/news/2015/12/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-three-palestinians-are-killed-by-israeli-forces-two-in-hebron-one-of-whom-reportedly-tried-to-ram.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Israeli security forces kill four Palestinians and critically wound another who attempted to stab either police officers or a member of the public today. This is the latest in a month of similar attacks where 17 Palestinian attackers and eight Israelis have been killed. ](/news/2015/10/17/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-security-forces-kill-four-palestinians-and-critically-wound-another-who-attempted-to-stab-either-pol.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence. ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapse.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
7. [Several rockets were fired from Gaza at Israel and exploded near the cities of Ashdod, Netivot and Ashkelon causing no casualties. The IDF retaliated with airstrikes against empty Hamas training camps in Gaza. ](/news/2015/06/4/several-rockets-were-fired-from-gaza-at-israel-and-exploded-near-the-cities-of-ashdod-netivot-and-ashkelon-causing-no-casualties-the-idf-r.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
8. [Israel-Gaza conflict. The Israel Defense Forces report a rocket fired from Gaza landed in Israeli territory with no injuries or damage. ](/news/2014/11/1/israel-gaza-conflict-the-israel-defense-forces-report-a-rocket-fired-from-gaza-landed-in-israeli-territory-with-no-injuries-or-damage.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
9. [Operation Protective Edge. Israel agrees to a two hour ceasefire in Shuja'iyya neighbourhood in the Gaza Strip at the request of the Red Cross iafter a heavy firefight caused the death of more than 74 Palestinians and 13 Israel Defense Forces soldiers. ](/news/2014/07/20/operation-protective-edge-israel-agrees-to-a-two-hour-ceasefire-in-shuja-iyya-neighbourhood-in-the-gaza-strip-at-the-request-of-the-red-cro.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
10. [Three Israeli teenagers were kidnapped by Palestinian militants. The Israel Defense Forces and Shin-Bet deployed large forces through the West Bank in order to find and rescue them. ([http://www.jpost.com/Defense/Names-of-missing-teenage-yeshiva-students-released-359317 Jerusalem Post])](/news/2014/06/12/three-israeli-teenagers-were-kidnapped-by-palestinian-militants-the-israel-defense-forces-and-shin-bet-deployed-large-forces-through-the-we.md) _Context: Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
