### [2005-02-28](/news/2005/02/28/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. Israeli security forces intercept a car bomb in the Araba village near Jenin. The 200 kg explosive device, believed to have been the work of Palestinian Islamic Jihad, is later defused by IDF sappers. 




### Source:

1. [2, (Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/546182.html)
2. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/545673.html)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:. A leader of Islamic Jihad is killed in a shoot-out following an Israeli raid into the West Bank town of Jenin. ](/news/2005/10/16/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-leader-of-islamic-jihad-is-killed-in-a-shoot-out-following-an-israeli-raid-into-the-west-bank-town-of-jeni.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jenin, Palestinian Islamic Jihad_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. The IDF killed Elias al-Ashkar, the senior Islamic Jihad commander in the Jenin area who was accused of planning several suicide attacks that killed nearly 30 people, including US high-school student Daniel Wultz. Six other Palestinians were also killed. ](/news/2006/05/14/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-idf-killed-elias-al-ashkar-the-senior-islamic-jihad-commander-in-the-jenin-area-who-was-accused-of-plan.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jenin_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: At least 32 people are injured, including one seriously, when a Palestinian suicide bomber detonates himself at a food stand near Tel Aviv's central bus station. Palestinian Islamic Jihad's al-Quds brigades claims responsibility for the attack. It is the first terrorist attack of the year in Israel. ](/news/2006/01/19/israeli-palestinian-conflict-at-least-32-people-are-injured-including-one-seriously-when-a-palestinian-suicide-bomber-detonates-himself.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian Islamic Jihad_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: An Israel Defense Forces soldier is seriously wounded and later dies of his wounds in an overnight arrest raids near the West Bank town of Jenin. ](/news/2005/11/2/israeli-palestinian-conflict-an-israel-defense-forces-soldier-is-seriously-wounded-and-later-dies-of-his-wounds-in-an-overnight-arrest-rai.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jenin_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: 3 Palestinian militants die following an Israeli attack in the West Bank city of Jenin. ](/news/2005/10/31/israeli-palestinian-conflict-3-palestinian-militants-die-following-an-israeli-attack-in-the-west-bank-city-of-jenin.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jenin_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:. Israeli troops raid the Palestinian town of Jenin, in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/10/27/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-troops-raid-the-palestinian-town-of-jenin-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jenin_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. 5 people are killed in a bombing at a market place in the Israeli town of Hadera. Islamic Jihad claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2005/10/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-5-people-are-killed-in-a-bombing-at-a-market-place-in-the-israeli-town-of-hadera-islamic-jihad-claims-respo.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian Islamic Jihad_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue. IDF planes and artillery strike Gaza knocking out power to parts of the city, destroy a bridge in Beit Hanoun, fire missiles at a Fatah Youth Centre, an office and a refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip. Israeli troops later raided offices of Hamas and Islamic Jihad in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-idf-planes-and-artillery-strike-gaza-knocking-out-power-to.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian Islamic Jihad_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A Palestinian Islamic Jihad suicide bomber kills himself and injures close to 50 people in the southern Israeli city of Beersheba near the main bus terminal. According to sources, the bomber was trying to make his way to Beersheba's Soroka Hospital. ](/news/2005/08/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-islamic-jihad-suicide-bomber-kills-himself-and-injures-close-to-50-people-in-the-southern-israe.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian Islamic Jihad_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:. Two Israeli civilians and two Palestinian terrorists have been killed. The Israelis were killed by Palestinian terrorists on the Kisufim road in the Gaza Strip, and the IDF Engineering forces killed the two terrorists. The al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, the Popular Resistance Committees and Islamic Jihad all claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2005/07/24/israeli-palestinian-conflict-two-israeli-civilians-and-two-palestinian-terrorists-have-been-killed-the-israelis-were-killed-by-palestini.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian Islamic Jihad_
