### [2011-11-2](/news/2011/11/2/index.md)

# China's unmanned Shenzhou 8 spacecraft successfully docks with the orbiting Tiangong 1 space station module, marking China's first orbital docking. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/science-environment-15562928)
2. [China.org](http://www.china.org.cn/china/special_coverage/shenzhou%C2%AD_8_tiangong_1/node_7140200.htm)

### Related:

1. [China launches the unmanned Shenzhou 8 spacecraft, intending to robotically dock it with the orbiting Tiangong 1 space station module. If successful, the mission will mark China's first orbital docking, and will be a major milestone in its efforts to construct a full-scale space station. ](/news/2011/11/1/china-launches-the-unmanned-shenzhou-8-spacecraft-intending-to-robotically-dock-it-with-the-orbiting-tiangong-1-space-station-module-if-su.md) _Context: China, Shenzhou 8, Tiangong-1, space station_
2. [China's unmanned Shenzhou 8 spacecraft successfully returns to Earth, landing in the Inner Mongolia autonomous region after docking twice with the Tiangong-1 orbital laboratory module. ](/news/2011/11/17/china-s-unmanned-shenzhou-8-spacecraft-successfully-returns-to-earth-landing-in-the-inner-mongolia-autonomous-region-after-docking-twice-wi.md) _Context: China, Shenzhou 8, Tiangong-1_
3. [The China National Space Administration (CNSA) confirms its Tiangong-1 prototype space station, launched in September 2011, is "out of control", and will re-enter and burn up in the atmosphere in late 2017. ](/news/2016/09/21/the-china-national-space-administration-cnsa-confirms-its-tiangong-1-prototype-space-station-launched-in-september-2011-is-out-of-contr.md) _Context: Tiangong-1, space station_
4. [China successfully carries out its first manual docking of a spacecraft between the Shenzhou 9 capsule and Tiangong-1 station. ](/news/2012/06/24/china-successfully-carries-out-its-first-manual-docking-of-a-spacecraft-between-the-shenzhou-9-capsule-and-tiangong-1-station.md) _Context: China, Tiangong-1_
5. [China successfully launches its Shenzhou 9 spacecraft, carrying three astronauts &ndash; including the first female Chinese astronaut, Liu Yang &ndash; to the Tiangong-1 orbital module. ](/news/2012/06/16/china-successfully-launches-its-shenzhou-9-spacecraft-carrying-three-astronauts-ndash-including-the-first-female-chinese-astronaut-liu-y.md) _Context: China, Tiangong-1_
6. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: China_
7. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: China_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: China_
9. [Carrie Lam is sworn in as the first female Chief Executive of Hong Kong by President Xi Jinping amid protests against the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty to China. ](/news/2017/07/1/carrie-lam-is-sworn-in-as-the-first-female-chief-executive-of-hong-kong-by-president-xi-jinping-amid-protests-against-the-20th-anniversary-o.md) _Context: China_
10. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan, China releases a map detailing pieces of land claimed by Bhutan and India as belonging to China. China claims, via the map, that territory up until Gipmochi belongs to China and claims it's supported by the 1890 Convention of Calcutta. ](/news/2017/07/1/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-china-releases-a-map-detailing-pieces-of-land-claimed-by-bhutan-and-india-as-belon.md) _Context: China_
