### [2003-12-30](/news/2003/12/30/index.md)

# The European Union is investigating a series of parcel bombs targeting the European Central Bank in Frankfurt and Europol headquarters at The Hague. Investigators state that it is too early to draw any connections between these bombs and the letter bomb sent two days ago to the Bologna home of Romano Prodi, the head of the European Commission. [http://www.iht.com/articles/123228.html]




### Related:

1. [Accession of Bosnia and Herzegovina to the European Union. The European Union's 28 member states formally accept Bosnia and Herzegovina's membership application. The European Commission (EC) will now determine whether Bosnia meets the criteria to join the union, a process that is expected to take a year. ](/news/2016/09/20/accession-of-bosnia-and-herzegovina-to-the-european-union-the-european-union-s-28-member-states-formally-accept-bosnia-and-herzegovina-s-me.md) _Context: European Commission, European Union_
2. [Greek bailout referendum, 2015. Greek voters solidly reject (61.3 percent) the latest austerity proposal of the European Union, the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank. ](/news/2015/07/5/greek-bailout-referendum-2015-greek-voters-solidly-reject-61-3-percent-the-latest-austerity-proposal-of-the-european-union-the-internat.md) _Context: European Central Bank, European Union_
3. [Rob Wainwright, the Director of Europol, tells a British parliamentary committee that up to 5000 European Union citizens have joined jihadist groups in the Middle East. ](/news/2015/01/13/rob-wainwright-the-director-of-europol-tells-a-british-parliamentary-committee-that-up-to-5000-european-union-citizens-have-joined-jihadis.md) _Context: European Union, Europol_
4. [Jose Manuel Barroso, President of the European Commission, says it would be "extremely difficult, if not impossible" for an independent Scotland to join the European Union as it would need the approval of all member states. ](/news/2014/02/16/josa-c-manuel-barroso-president-of-the-european-commission-says-it-would-be-extremely-difficult-if-not-impossible-for-an-independent-sco.md) _Context: European Commission, European Union_
5. [Greece secures an additional 6.2 billion euros from the European Commission, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund despite warnings that the Greek government is moving too slow to reform the government. ](/news/2013/07/9/greece-secures-an-additional-6-2-billion-euros-from-the-european-commission-the-european-central-bank-and-the-international-monetary-fund-d.md) _Context: European Central Bank, European Commission_
6. [The European Central Bank and the European Commission release a joint report on the banking system in Spain, indicating that system is solvent and will not require "further program disbursements." ](/news/2013/07/5/the-european-central-bank-and-the-european-commission-release-a-joint-report-on-the-banking-system-in-spain-indicating-that-system-is-solve.md) _Context: European Central Bank, European Commission_
7. [The European Commission fines Microsoft -561 million for failing to provide residents of the European Union with a selection of web browsers as an alternative to Internet Explorer. ](/news/2013/03/6/the-european-commission-fines-microsoft-561-million-for-failing-to-provide-residents-of-the-european-union-with-a-selection-of-web-browse.md) _Context: European Commission, European Union_
8. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis:. Cyprus reportedly reaches an outline bank bailout deal with international lenders including the European Union, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2013/03/25/2012-2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-cyprus-reportedly-reaches-an-outline-bank-bailout-deal-with-international-lenders-including-the-europ.md) _Context: European Central Bank, European Union_
9. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: Cypriot lawmakers overwhelmingly reject the EC-ECB-IMF troika plan to tax all bank deposits. ](/news/2013/03/19/2012-2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-cypriot-lawmakers-overwhelmingly-reject-the-ec-ecb-imf-troika-plan-to-tax-all-bank-deposits.md) _Context: European Central Bank, European Commission_
10. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: A deal is reached between Cyprus and the EC-ECB-IMF troika. The terms of the -10 billion "bailout" package cause widespread anger among Cypriots who queue from early morning to withdraw their savings as it emerges that up to 10% of each citizen's deposits are to be wiped out to raise billions. ](/news/2013/03/16/2012-2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-a-deal-is-reached-between-cyprus-and-the-ec-ecb-imf-troika-the-terms-of-the-10-billion-bailou.md) _Context: European Central Bank, European Commission_
