### [2003-12-30](/news/2003/12/30/index.md)

# The man who was convicted of breaking into mainland China cable television networks and broadcasting footage of the banned Falun Gong, an alleged cult, reportedly dies in prison. Pro-Falun Gong groups and the Hong Kong-based Information Centre for Human Rights and Democracy claim he was beaten to death.[http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/3356699.stm]




### Related:

1. [A book written by Chinese dissident Yu Jie critical of Premier Wen Jiabao goes on sale in Hong Kong, with threats of imprisonment from the mainland. ](/news/2010/08/16/a-book-written-by-chinese-dissident-yu-jie-critical-of-premier-wen-jiabao-goes-on-sale-in-hong-kong-with-threats-of-imprisonment-from-the-m.md) _Context: Hong Kong, mainland China_
2. [ A Hong Kong court overturns convictions of 8 members of Falun Gong. ](/news/2005/05/5/a-hong-kong-court-overturns-convictions-of-8-members-of-falun-gong.md) _Context: Falun Gong, Hong Kong_
3. [ 2005 Kuomintang visits to Mainland: a 70-member delegation led by Kuomintang chairman Lien Chan left Taipei for Nanjing via Hong Kong, launching Lien Chan's 8-day Taiwan Strait peace tour, also the first official visit by the highest leader of Kuomintang to Mainland China in 60 years. ](/news/2005/04/26/2005-kuomintang-visits-to-mainland-a-70-member-delegation-led-by-kuomintang-chairman-lien-chan-left-taipei-for-nanjing-via-hong-kong-laun.md) _Context: Hong Kong, mainland China_
4. [ The Taiwan (ROC)'s pro-independence president, Chen Shui-bian, states that Taiwan may eventually reunify with Mainland China. Nonetheless, Chen rejects the People's Republic of China's "one country, two systems" formula which was applied to Hong Kong and Macau. This is a new step for Chen who, shortly after taking office in 2000, had said unification was just one option--comments widely seen as a push for independence for the island. ](/news/2004/02/16/the-taiwan-roc-s-pro-independence-president-chen-shui-bian-states-that-taiwan-may-eventually-reunify-with-mainland-china-nonetheless.md) _Context: Hong Kong, mainland China_
5. [Tropical Storm Pakhar hits Hong Kong and Macau with sustained winds of 100 km/h and heavy rain, four days after deadly Typhoon Hato passed through the area. ](/news/2017/08/27/tropical-storm-pakhar-hits-hong-kong-and-macau-with-sustained-winds-of-100-km-h-and-heavy-rain-four-days-after-deadly-typhoon-hato-passed-t.md) _Context: Hong Kong_
6. [Thousands protest silently in Hong Kong honoring the life of dissident Liu Xiaobo. ](/news/2017/07/15/thousands-protest-silently-in-hong-kong-honoring-the-life-of-dissident-liu-xiaobo.md) _Context: Hong Kong_
7. [Four lawmakers are removed from the Hong Kong legislature. ](/news/2017/07/14/four-lawmakers-are-removed-from-the-hong-kong-legislature.md) _Context: Hong Kong_
8. [Carrie Lam is sworn in as the first female Chief Executive of Hong Kong by President Xi Jinping amid protests against the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty to China. ](/news/2017/07/1/carrie-lam-is-sworn-in-as-the-first-female-chief-executive-of-hong-kong-by-president-xi-jinping-amid-protests-against-the-20th-anniversary-o.md) _Context: Hong Kong_
9. [Protests mark the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty over Hong Kong to China from the United Kingdom alongside the arrival of Chinese President Xi Jinping. ](/news/2017/06/29/protests-mark-the-20th-anniversary-of-the-transfer-of-sovereignty-over-hong-kong-to-china-from-the-united-kingdom-alongside-the-arrival-of-c.md) _Context: Hong Kong_
10. [The Hong Kong Election Committee meets to select a new Chief Executive. Carrie Lam becomes the first female Chief Executive. ](/news/2017/03/26/the-hong-kong-election-committee-meets-to-select-a-new-chief-executive-carrie-lam-becomes-the-first-female-chief-executive.md) _Context: Hong Kong_
