### [2015-12-7](/news/2015/12/7/index.md)

#  A powerful, magnitude 7.2 earthquake has shaken Tajikistan. It was felt as far away as India, Pakistan, and Afghanistan. No damage or casualties have been reported as the epicenter lies within the vast Badakhshan national park. The US Geological Survey describes the area as one of the -most seismically hazardous regions on Earth- because of tectonic activity along shifting fault lines. 

A magnitude 7.2 earthquake has hit Tajikistan, according to the US Geological Survey. It struck at 7.50am today with an epicentre in the Gorno-Badakhshan Autonomous Region, around 70 miles west of the city of Murghob, seismologists said. Tremors were felt in Delhi, as well as in Punjab, Uttar Pradesh and across northern India. Hundreds of people ran out of shaking buildings and stayed out on the streets fearing aftershocks, NDTV reported.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/1dea2d809ca545339710dbe309aca5cc/powerful-earthquake-shakes-tajikistan)
2. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/asia/tajikistan-earthquake-magnitude-72-earthquake-felt-as-far-away-as-india-pakistan-and-afghanistan-a6762976.html)
3. [USGS](http://earthquake.usgs.gov/earthquakes/eventpage/us100044k6#general_summary)

### Related:

1. [December 2015 Hindu Kush earthquake: At least 17 people are injured in Peshawar, Pakistan, and five people are hurt in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province after a 6.3-magnitude earthquake hit near the Afghanistan-Tajikistan border. The epicenter is in Afghanistan's quake-prone Ishkashim district, a mountainous area where mainly impoverished farmers live in homes made with mud, according to Peshawar District Officer Muhmand Asim Khan. Other details about damage or casualties are not presently available. ](/news/2015/12/25/december-2015-hindu-kush-earthquake-at-least-17-people-are-injured-in-peshawar-pakistan-and-five-people-are-hurt-in-afghanistan-s-nangarh.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan, Tajikistan, earthquake_
2. [19th SAARC summit: Members of the 19th South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) summit, scheduled to be held in Pakistan during November 2016, postpone the meeting following a Indian-led boycott, including Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Bhutan in response to Pakistan's alleged involvement in a deadly terrorist attack on a Indian Army base in Uri, Jammu and Kashmir, on September 18. ](/news/2016/09/28/19th-saarc-summit-members-of-the-19th-south-asian-association-for-regional-cooperation-saarc-summit-scheduled-to-be-held-in-pakistan-dur.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, India, Pakistan_
3. [2016 Afghanistan earthquake: A 6.6 magnitude earthquake occurs in northern Afghanistan near the Pakistan border with tremors felt in north India. ](/news/2016/04/10/2016-afghanistan-earthquake-a-6-6-magnitude-earthquake-occurs-in-northern-afghanistan-near-the-pakistan-border-with-tremors-felt-in-north-i.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan, earthquake_
4. [2015 Hindu Kush earthquake: Rescuers continue a search for survivors of the earthquake in Afghanistan and Pakistan including in areas controlled by the Taliban. The death toll from the earthquake is 339 with many thousands injured. ](/news/2015/10/27/2015-hindu-kush-earthquake-rescuers-continue-a-search-for-survivors-of-the-earthquake-in-afghanistan-and-pakistan-including-in-areas-contro.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan, earthquake_
5. [2015 Hindu Kush earthquake: An earthquake measuring 7.5 on the Moment magnitude scale (MMS) strikes in the Hindu Kush mountain range in northeastern Afghanistan, 158 miles from Kabul, in the remote province of Badakhshan, one of Afghanistan-s most inaccessible regions. Tremors reached as far as New Delhi, India. At least 263 are dead in Afghanistan and nearby northern Pakistan with more than 1,000 injured. The death toll will likely climb since communications in much of the affected areas are cut, and rescue teams had not yet reached districts closest to the epicenter, including some that are controlled by Taliban insurgents. ](/news/2015/10/26/2015-hindu-kush-earthquake-an-earthquake-measuring-7-5-on-the-moment-magnitude-scale-mms-strikes-in-the-hindu-kush-mountain-range-in-nort.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, India, earthquake_
6. [The World Health Organisation removes India from the list of polio endemic countries with only Pakistan, Afghanistan and Nigeria remaining. ](/news/2012/02/25/the-world-health-organisation-removes-india-from-the-list-of-polio-endemic-countries-with-only-pakistan-afghanistan-and-nigeria-remaining.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, India, Pakistan_
7. [At least 10 anti-government protesters are killed by early morning bombs in Mogadishu; the dead include people from Afghanistan, Algeria, India and Pakistan. ](/news/2010/08/21/at-least-10-anti-government-protesters-are-killed-by-early-morning-bombs-in-mogadishu-the-dead-include-people-from-afghanistan-algeria-in.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, India, Pakistan_
8. [Russia, Afghanistan, Tajikistan and Pakistan agree to step up the fight against terrorism and narcotics in a summit in the Russian Black Sea resort of Sochi. ](/news/2010/08/18/russia-afghanistan-tajikistan-and-pakistan-agree-to-step-up-the-fight-against-terrorism-and-narcotics-in-a-summit-in-the-russian-black-sea.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan, Tajikistan_
9. [War in North-West Pakistan: Gunmen raid a Pakistani military post near the border with Afghanistan, killing at least eight people. Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, a faction of Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, claim responsibility. ](/news/2017/03/17/war-in-north-west-pakistan-gunmen-raid-a-pakistani-military-post-near-the-border-with-afghanistan-killing-at-least-eight-people-jamaat-ul.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan_
10. [An Afghan diplomat is shot dead at the Afghan consulate in Karachi, Pakistan. ](/news/2017/02/6/an-afghan-diplomat-is-shot-dead-at-the-afghan-consulate-in-karachi-pakistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Pakistan_
