
Formats: [HTML](/news/2015/12/7/armenian-voters-approve-by-63-35-percent-to-32-42-percent-proposed-amendments-to-the-constitution-that-change-the-country-s-form-of-govern.html)  [JSON](/news/2015/12/7/armenian-voters-approve-by-63-35-percent-to-32-42-percent-proposed-amendments-to-the-constitution-that-change-the-country-s-form-of-govern.json)  [XML](/news/2015/12/7/armenian-voters-approve-by-63-35-percent-to-32-42-percent-proposed-amendments-to-the-constitution-that-change-the-country-s-form-of-govern.xml)  

### [2015-12-7](/news/2015/12/7/index.md)

##### referendum
# Armenian voters approve, by 63.35 percent to 32.42 percent, proposed amendments to the Constitution that change the country's form of government to a parliamentary republic. Sunday's election had a 50.51 percent turnout of its registered voters. The opposition alleged wide-spread fraud which the Armenian Revolutionary Federation said didn't happen. [http:--asbarez.com-142597-armenia-adopts-new-constitution- ("Asbarez")] 




### Changes:

1. [Armenian constitutional referendum, 2015: Armenian voters approve, by 63.35 percent to 32.42 percent, proposed amendments to the Constitution that change the country's form of government to a parliamentary republic. Sunday's election had a 50.51 percent turnout of its registered voters. The opposition alleged wide-spread fraud which the Armenian Revolutionary Federation said didn't happen. [http:--asbarez.com-142597-armenia-adopts-new-constitution- ("Asbarez")] ](/news/2015/12/7/armenian-constitutional-referendum-2015-armenian-voters-approve-by-63-35-percent-to-32-42-percent-proposed-amendments-to-the-constitutio.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:28 (First version)_
1. [Armenian voters approve, by 63.35 percent to 32.42 percent, proposed amendments to the Constitution that change the country's form of government to a parliamentary republic. Sunday's election had a 50.51 percent turnout of its registered voters. The opposition alleged wide-spread fraud which the Armenian Revolutionary Federation said didn't happen. [http:--asbarez.com-142597-armenia-adopts-new-constitution- ("Asbarez")] ](/news/2015/12/7/armenian-voters-approve-by-63-35-percent-to-32-42-percent-proposed-amendments-to-the-constitution-that-change-the-country-s-form-of-govern.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Voters in Armenia go to the polls for an election, the first since constitutional changes were approved in a referendum in 2015, which changed the country's governance from a semi-presidential system to a parliamentary republic. Opinion polls predict a tight race between the nationalist Republican Party, led by President Serzh Sargsyan, and the centre-right Prosperous Armenia, led by Gagik Tsarukyan. With votes from 64% of the polling stations counted, the Republican Party leads with 49.7% of votes. ](/news/2017/04/2/voters-in-armenia-go-to-the-polls-for-an-election-the-first-since-constitutional-changes-were-approved-in-a-referendum-in-2015-which-chang.md) _Context: Armenia, parliamentary republic, referendum_
2. [Voters in Armenia go to the polls to vote in a referendum to change from a presidential to a parliamentary form of government. ](/news/2015/12/6/voters-in-armenia-go-to-the-polls-to-vote-in-a-referendum-to-change-from-a-presidential-to-a-parliamentary-form-of-government.md) _Context: Armenia, referendum_
3. [Authorities declare that the Republican Party, led by President Serzh Sargsyan, wins the Armenia election amid accusations by opposition parties and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe of voting irregularities. ](/news/2017/04/3/authorities-declare-that-the-republican-party-led-by-president-serzh-sargsyan-wins-the-armenia-election-amid-accusations-by-opposition-par.md) _Context: Armenia_
4. [Armenia and the European Union agree on a new pact to boost ties between the two. It is expected to be signed later this year. This comes after Armenia rejected an Association Agreement in 2013. ](/news/2017/02/27/armenia-and-the-european-union-agree-on-a-new-pact-to-boost-ties-between-the-two-it-is-expected-to-be-signed-later-this-year-this-comes-af.md) _Context: Armenia_
5. [In a referendum held yesterday in the breakaway state of Nagorno-Karabakh (a region long claimed by both Azerbaijan and Armenia), 87.6% of voters approve changing the country's governance system from semi-presidential to full presidential, therefore abolishing the position of prime minister. ](/news/2017/02/21/in-a-referendum-held-yesterday-in-the-breakaway-state-of-nagorno-karabakh-a-region-long-claimed-by-both-azerbaijan-and-armenia-87-6-of-v.md) _Context: Armenia_
