### [2015-12-7](/news/2015/12/7/index.md)

# Australia is threatening to take legal action against Japan over its resumption of its controversial whale hunt in the Antarctic Ocean. A whaling fleet set sail last week, ignoring international condemnation, and last year's ruling by the International Court of Justice (ICJ) prohibiting these hunts. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Seattle Times](http://www.seattletimes.com/nation-world/australia-threatens-legal-action-against-japanese-whaling/)
2. [Voice of America](http://www.voanews.com/content/australia-launches-new-protest-against-japanese-whale-hunt/3092026.html)

### Related:

1. [Japan advises the International Whaling Commission that it plans to resume hunting minke whales for scientific research in the Antarctic Ocean by the end of March 2016. The United Nations' International Court of Justice (ICJ) ruled in March 2014 that Japan's decades-old whale hunt in the Antarctic should stop, prompting Tokyo to cancel the bulk of its whaling for the 2014/2015 season. ICJ decisions were binding and cannot be appealed. ](/news/2015/11/28/japan-advises-the-international-whaling-commission-that-it-plans-to-resume-hunting-minke-whales-for-scientific-research-in-the-antarctic-oce.md) _Context: International Court of Justice, Japan, Southern Ocean, hunt, whale, whaling_
2. [Japanese Foreign Minister Katsuya Okada dismisses Australia's threat to take the country to the International Court of Justice over Japan's whaling in the Antarctic. ](/news/2010/02/21/japanese-foreign-minister-katsuya-okada-dismisses-australia-s-threat-to-take-the-country-to-the-international-court-of-justice-over-japan-s.md) _Context: Australia, International Court of Justice, Japan, whaling_
3. [The governments of Australia and New Zealand announce an investigation into an incident where a boat belonging to the anti-whaling group Sea Shepherd Conservation Society was damaged in a confrontation with a Japanese ship in the Southern Ocean. ](/news/2010/01/7/the-governments-of-australia-and-new-zealand-announce-an-investigation-into-an-incident-where-a-boat-belonging-to-the-anti-whaling-group-sea.md) _Context: Australia, Japan, Southern Ocean, hunt_
4. [ Chris Ellison, the Australian Minister for Justice, warns anti-whaling protesters and the Japanese whaling fleet that they could face questioning over recent clashes in the Southern Ocean. Meanwhile, the crew were evacuated from the largest ship in the Japanese Antarctic fleet, the "Nisshin Maru," following a fire. ](/news/2007/02/15/chris-ellison-the-australian-minister-for-justice-warns-anti-whaling-protesters-and-the-japanese-whaling-fleet-that-they-could-face-quest.md) _Context: Australia, Japan, Southern Ocean, hunt_
5. [The United Nations International Court of Justice rules that Japan's Antarctic whaling program is not scientific but commercial and forbids grants of further permits. ](/news/2014/03/31/the-united-nations-international-court-of-justice-rules-that-japan-s-antarctic-whaling-program-is-not-scientific-but-commercial-and-forbids.md) _Context: International Court of Justice, Japan, whaling_
6. [The governments of the United States, Australia, New Zealand and the Netherlands protest the start of Japan's whaling season off the coast of Antarctica. ](/news/2011/12/14/the-governments-of-the-united-states-australia-new-zealand-and-the-netherlands-protest-the-start-of-japan-s-whaling-season-off-the-coast-o.md) _Context: Australia, Japan, hunt_
7. [Australia promises to begin legal action against Japan due to disagreeing with its annual whaling hunt in the Southern Ocean. ](/news/2010/05/28/australia-promises-to-begin-legal-action-against-japan-due-to-disagreeing-with-its-annual-whaling-hunt-in-the-southern-ocean.md) _Context: Australia, Japan, Southern Ocean_
8. [The Sea Shepherd Conservation Society's anti-whaling speedboat "Ady Gil", which was damaged on Wednesday during a confrontation with the Japanese security vessel "Shonan Maru 2", sinks in the Southern Ocean shortly before 3:30 a.m. AEDT as the Society's "Bob Barker" attempts to salvage the boat. ](/news/2010/01/8/the-sea-shepherd-conservation-society-s-anti-whaling-speedboat-ady-gil-which-was-damaged-on-wednesday-during-a-confrontation-with-the-jap.md) _Context: Japan, Southern Ocean, hunt_
9. [ Japan abandons its whaling hunt in the Southern Ocean for this year due to the damage caused to the "Nisshin Maru". ](/news/2007/02/28/japan-abandons-its-whaling-hunt-in-the-southern-ocean-for-this-year-due-to-the-damage-caused-to-the-nisshin-maru.md) _Context: Japan, Southern Ocean, hunt_
10. [ Japan holds an international conference to push for the resumption of commercial whaling. Anti-whaling nations in the International Whaling Commission such as the United States, United Kingdom and Australia have boycotted the conference. ](/news/2007/02/13/japan-holds-an-international-conference-to-push-for-the-resumption-of-commercial-whaling-anti-whaling-nations-in-the-international-whaling.md) _Context: Australia, Japan, hunt_
