### [2015-12-7](/news/2015/12/7/index.md)

# Russia's envoy to the International Atomic Energy Agency says he expects the historic nuclear deal between Iran and world powers, the P5+1, to be implemented in January. Before the end of the year, Iran will exchange its stockpile of low-enriched uranium for Russia's non-enriched forms of uranium, he said. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-iran-nuclear-idUSKBN0TQ1II20151207#WBsOXfB9vVMZmOqk.97)

### Related:

1. [Eleven tons of enriched uranium are on a ship heading from Iran to Russia, per the July 14th international agreement. Iran delivers 200 tons of Russian yellowcake in return. The International Atomic Energy Agency will decide when Tehran has complied with its obligations which would make dismantling of economic sanctions possible.  ](/news/2015/12/28/eleven-tons-of-enriched-uranium-are-on-a-ship-heading-from-iran-to-russia-per-the-july-14th-international-agreement-iran-delivers-200-tons.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, Iran, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, Russia_
2. [The International Atomic Energy Agency states that Iran has complied with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, paving the way for international sanctions to be lifted by the United States and European Union. ](/news/2016/01/16/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-states-that-iran-has-complied-with-its-commitments-under-the-joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-pavi.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, Iran, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action_
3. [In accordance with a major point of a nuclear agreement reached with several world powers, Iran removed a plutonium core and filled with concrete the Arak nuclear reactor, setting the stage for the removal of sanctions against Iran.  ](/news/2016/01/12/in-accordance-with-a-major-point-of-a-nuclear-agreement-reached-with-several-world-powers-iran-removed-a-plutonium-core-and-filled-with-con.md) _Context: Iran, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, several world powers_
4. [Iran nuclear chief Ali Akbar Salehi says nine tons of Iran's enriched uranium will be exported to Russia in the next few days, as the country moves to implement the nuclear deal and secure relief from international sanctions. ](/news/2015/12/19/iran-nuclear-chief-ali-akbar-salehi-says-nine-tons-of-iran-s-enriched-uranium-will-be-exported-to-russia-in-the-next-few-days-as-the-countr.md) _Context: Iran, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, Russia_
5. [The United Nations Security Council unanimously approves the Nuclear Pact between Iran and a group of six world powers in return for sanctions relief. ](/news/2015/07/20/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-approves-the-nuclear-pact-between-iran-and-a-group-of-six-world-powers-in-return-for-sanctio.md) _Context: Iran, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, several world powers_
6. [A nuclear deal is reached in Vienna between Iran and P5+1. This Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action if signed by the entities involved, will cut off Iran's ability to produce a nuclear weapon whilst allowing for the peaceful use of nuclear energy, inspections, and the lifting of sanctions. ](/news/2015/07/14/a-nuclear-deal-is-reached-in-vienna-between-iran-and-p5-1-this-joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-if-signed-by-the-entities-involved-will.md) _Context: Iran, Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, several world powers_
7. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: Iran, Russia, several world powers_
8. [China, France, Russia, the United Kingdom and United States urge Iran to co-operate with the International Atomic Energy Agency. ](/news/2012/05/3/china-france-russia-the-united-kingdom-and-united-states-urge-iran-to-co-operate-with-the-international-atomic-energy-agency.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, Iran, Russia_
9. [ A diplomat claims that an International Atomic Energy Agency document claims that Iran has assembled some 1,300 centrifuges at a key underground nuclear plant in Natanz and has started to feed them with the uranium gas necessary for enriching uranium. ](/news/2007/04/18/a-diplomat-claims-that-an-international-atomic-energy-agency-document-claims-that-iran-has-assembled-some-1-300-centrifuges-at-a-key-underg.md) _Context: International Atomic Energy Agency, Iran, uranium_
10. [Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and  North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress  are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea-both-chambers-of-the-u.md) _Context: Iran, Russia_
