### [2015-12-7](/news/2015/12/7/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War. Syria's government says a U.S.-led military coalition airstrike on a Syrian Army camp in the eastern Deir ez-Zor Governorate, killed three Syrian soldiers and wounded 13 others. A senior U.S. military official denied responsibility for the airstrike and said that the U.S. is certain it was a Russian airstrike. 

At least 26 civilians, including children, have been killed in north-east Syria by air strikes possibly carried out by the US-led coalition, a monitoring group says.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/U/US_UNITED_STATES_SYRIA?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT&CTIME=2015-12-07-11-34-31)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-35031531)
3. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-mideast-crisis-syria-idUKKBN0TQ0E920151207)

### Related:

1. [Syrian civil war. American-led intervention in Syria. The United States acknowledges that its warplanes may have hit a Syrian Army position near Deir ez-Zor Airport in eastern Syria, while conducting an operation against ISIL, killing more than 60 Syrian troops. ](/news/2016/09/17/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-the-united-states-acknowledges-that-its-warplanes-may-have-hit-a-syrian-army-position.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Syria, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War, United States_
2. [Syrian Civil War. American-led intervention in Syria. United States aircraft bomb a convoy belonging to the Syrian pro-government militia within a so-called "deconfliction zone" around Al-Tanf. ](/news/2017/05/18/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-united-states-aircraft-bomb-a-convoy-belonging-to-the-syrian-pro-government-militia-wi.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
3. [Syrian Civil War. American-led intervention in Syria. According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, multiple suspected U.S.-led coalition air raids kill at least 23 civilians in the village of al-Matab in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/03/9/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-multiple-suspected-u-s-led-coal.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
4. [Syrian Civil War. The United States accuses Russia of bombing U.S.-backed forces in southern Syria near al-Tanf close to the Iraq and Jordan borders. ](/news/2016/06/16/syrian-civil-war-the-united-states-accuses-russia-of-bombing-u-s-backed-forces-in-southern-syria-near-al-tanf-close-to-the-iraq-and-jordan.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
5. [Syrian Civil War. American-led intervention in Syria. A newly formed U.S.-backed Syrian rebel alliance, Democratic Forces of Syria, launches an offensive against Islamic State forces in the northeast province of Hasaka. ](/news/2015/10/31/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-a-newly-formed-u-s-backed-syrian-rebel-alliance-democratic-forces-of-syria-launches.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
6. [Vienna Conference on Syria. Syrian Civil War. Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/vienna-conference-on-syria-syrian-civil-war-iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-represen.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
7. [Syrian Civil War. The United States and Russia sign an agreement designed to avoid conflict between both countries' warplanes in Syria. The Pentagon said the agreement will remain secret; a hotline will enable both countries to directly communicate. ](/news/2015/10/20/syrian-civil-war-the-united-states-and-russia-sign-an-agreement-designed-to-avoid-conflict-between-both-countries-warplanes-in-syria-the.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
8. [Syrian Civil War. American-led intervention in Syria. U.S. cargo planes airdrop small arms ammunition and other supplies to Syrian rebels, including Kurdish groups such as YPG, in northern Syria. ](/news/2015/10/12/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-u-s-cargo-planes-airdrop-small-arms-ammunition-and-other-supplies-to-syrian-rebels-i.md) _Context: American-led intervention in Syria, Syria, Syrian Civil War, United States_
9. [Russia's role in the Syrian Civil War. Russian President Vladimir Putin confirms that Russia is providing military aid in Syrian Civil War in support of the Bashar al-Assad regime and is providing heavy weapons, aircraft, tanks, serious training and logistical support to the Syrian Army. ](/news/2015/09/4/russia-s-role-in-the-syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-confirms-that-russia-is-providing-military-aid-in-syrian-civil-war-i.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War. Central Syria campaign (July 2017-present). A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/syrian-civil-war-central-syria-campaign-july-2017-present-a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kill.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
