### [2015-12-7](/news/2015/12/7/index.md)

# United States Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson says the Obama administration will announce a new terror alert system "in the coming days," that will better inform the public about threats to the United States. This will be the third terror alert system put in place since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. 

WASHINGTON -- The Obama administration will announce a new terror alert system &quot;in the coming days,&quot; Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said Monday. Johnson said the new alert system will better inform the public about threats to the United States,...


### Source:

1. [AP via MLive.com](http://www.mlive.com/news/us-world/index.ssf/2015/12/us_getting_new_terror_alert_sy.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://image.mlive.com/home/mlive-media/width620/img/us-world-news/photo/19342357-standard.jpg)

### Related:

1. [In what is the deadliest mass shooting and the worst terror attack since 9/11 to occur in the United States, a mass shooting at a gay nightclub in the U.S. city of Orlando, Florida, kills at least 50 people, including the shooter, and injures 53. ](/news/2016/06/12/in-what-is-the-deadliest-mass-shooting-and-the-worst-terror-attack-since-9-11-to-occur-in-the-united-states-a-mass-shooting-at-a-gay-nightc.md) _Context: September 11 attacks, United States_
2. [The United States State Department formally denies Calgary-based TransCanada Corporation's request, made Monday, to pause the review of the proposed Keystone XL oil pipeline. "Reuters" states this is expected to lead to the project's rejection by the Obama administration. ](/news/2015/11/4/the-united-states-state-department-formally-denies-calgary-based-transcanada-corporation-s-request-made-monday-to-pause-the-review-of-the.md) _Context: United States, previous administration_
3. [Wikileaks releases U.S. Central Intelligence Agency director John O. Brennan's personal information after the top spy's personal email account was allegedly hacked by a 13-year-old and information sent to Wikileaks. All of the documents predate Brennan's time in the Obama administration and reveal no classified data. Among the information released are Social Security numbers, an incomplete questionnaire for security clearance, and addresses of his family and associates. ](/news/2015/10/21/wikileaks-releases-u-s-central-intelligence-agency-director-john-o-brennan-s-personal-information-after-the-top-spy-s-personal-email-accou.md) _Context: United States, previous administration_
4. [A cache of classified intelligence documents published from The Intercept, released by an anonymous whistleblower, highlight details surrounding post-September 11 attacks United States drone strikes in Afghanistan, Somalia, and Yemen, alleging that the United States conducts these strikes under extremely unreliable information and faulty pretenses. ](/news/2015/10/15/a-cache-of-classified-intelligence-documents-published-from-the-intercept-released-by-an-anonymous-whistleblower-highlight-details-surroun.md) _Context: September 11 attacks, United States_
5. [Jeh Johnson, the United States Secretary of Homeland Security, warns Americans to take a threat by Somalia-based al-Shabab to attack shopping malls in the US, United Kingdom, and Canada seriously. ](/news/2015/02/22/jeh-johnson-the-united-states-secretary-of-homeland-security-warns-americans-to-take-a-threat-by-somalia-based-al-shabab-to-attack-shoppin.md) _Context: Homeland Security Secretary, Jeh Johnson_
6. [U.S. Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano announces her resignation to become the President of the University of California. ](/news/2013/07/12/u-s-homeland-security-secretary-janet-napolitano-announces-her-resignation-to-become-the-president-of-the-university-of-california.md) _Context: Homeland Security Secretary, United States_
7. [The United States commemorates the victims of the terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001. For the first time, no special security alert is raised on the anniversary of the attacks. ](/news/2012/09/11/the-united-states-commemorates-the-victims-of-the-terrorist-attacks-of-september-11-2001-for-the-first-time-no-special-security-alert-is.md) _Context: September 11 attacks, United States_
8. [United States counterterrorism officials investigate reports of a potential terrorist threat against either New York City or Washington DC, linked to the 10th anniversary of the September 11 attacks on Sunday. ](/news/2011/09/8/united-states-counterterrorism-officials-investigate-reports-of-a-potential-terrorist-threat-against-either-new-york-city-or-washington-dc.md) _Context: September 11 attacks, United States_
9. [WikiLeaks reveals that the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation had launched an investigation of a previously unknown group of men believed to be involved in the September 11 attacks. ](/news/2011/02/2/wikileaks-reveals-that-the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigation-had-launched-an-investigation-of-a-previously-unknown-group-of-men.md) _Context: September 11 attacks, United States_
10. [The United States approves more than $4 billion assistance for rescuers and residents whose health was affected after the September 11 attacks in New York City in 2001. ](/news/2010/12/22/the-united-states-approves-more-than-4-billion-assistance-for-rescuers-and-residents-whose-health-was-affected-after-the-september-11-attac.md) _Context: September 11 attacks, United States_
