
Formats: [HTML](/news/2015/12/7/venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-announces-the-opposition-democratic-unity-roundtable-mud-has-won-at-least-99-seats-in-the-167-membe.html)  [JSON](/news/2015/12/7/venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-announces-the-opposition-democratic-unity-roundtable-mud-has-won-at-least-99-seats-in-the-167-membe.json)  [XML](/news/2015/12/7/venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-announces-the-opposition-democratic-unity-roundtable-mud-has-won-at-least-99-seats-in-the-167-membe.xml)  

### [2015-12-7](/news/2015/12/7/index.md)

##### landslide victory in the December 6 election
# Venezuela's National Electoral Council announces the opposition Democratic Unity Roundtable (MUD) has won at least 99 seats in the 167-member National Assembly in Sunday's elections. The previous-ruling United Social Party of Venezuela (PSUV) picked up 46. Results for 22 contests remain to be determined. Voter turnout was a stunning 74.3 percent. "Within seconds," President Nicolas Maduro recognized the opposition's win, saying that despite (his party's) adverse result, Venezuela's democracy has triumphed. 

The opposition in Venezuela wins a majority of seats in the National Assembly, overturning nearly two decades of dominance by the governing Socialists.


### Sources:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/2ef2bd1fe3a44373ac301bff918a76c5/venezuelas-opposition-wins-control-national-assembly)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-35019111)
3. [BBC](http://www.cnn.com/2015/12/07/americas/venezuela-oelections/)
3. [Cover Image](http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/0CF5/production/_87071330_7520f6fb-e8fe-49f6-b80d-a9be43b89180.jpg)

### Changes:

1. [Venezuelan parliamentary election, 2015: Venezuela's National Electoral Council announces the opposition Democratic Unity Roundtable (MUD) has won at least 99 seats in the 167-member National Assembly in Sunday's elections. The previous-ruling United Social Party of Venezuela (PSUV) picked up 46. Results for 22 contests remain to be determined. Voter turnout was a stunning 74.3 percent. "Within seconds," President Nicolas Maduro recognized the opposition's win, saying that despite (his party's) adverse result, Venezuela's democracy has triumphed. ](/news/2015/12/7/venezuelan-parliamentary-election-2015-venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-announces-the-opposition-democratic-unity-roundtable-mud-h.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:28 (First version)_
2. [Venezuela's National Electoral Council announces the opposition Democratic Unity Roundtable (MUD) has won at least 99 seats in the 167-member National Assembly in Sunday's elections. The previous-ruling United Social Party of Venezuela (PSUV) picked up 46. Results for 22 contests remain to be determined. Voter turnout was a stunning 74.3 percent. "Within seconds," President Nicolas Maduro recognized the opposition's win, saying that despite (his party's) adverse result, Venezuela's democracy has triumphed. ](/news/2015/12/7/venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-announces-the-opposition-democratic-unity-roundtable-mud-has-won-at-least-99-seats-in-the-167-me.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:28 (Update)_
2. [Venezuela's National Electoral Council announces the opposition Democratic Unity Roundtable (MUD) has won at least 99 seats in the 167-member National Assembly in Sunday's elections. The previous-ruling United Social Party of Venezuela (PSUV) picked up 46. Results for 22 contests remain to be determined. Voter turnout was a stunning 74.3 percent. "Within seconds," President Nicolas Maduro recognized the opposition's win, saying that despite (his party's) adverse result, Venezuela's democracy has triumphed. ](/news/2015/12/7/venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-announces-the-opposition-democratic-unity-roundtable-mud-has-won-at-least-99-seats-in-the-167-membe.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Per Venezuela's National Electoral Council's ruling, citizens across the country queue up for fingerprint validation of 1,850,000 signatures on referendum to recall President Nicolas Maduro. The opposition Democratic Unity Roundtable must validate 197,000 signatures (1 percent of registered voters) by Friday, in this first step of the recall referendum process. ](/news/2016/06/20/per-venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-s-ruling-citizens-across-the-country-queue-up-for-fingerprint-validation-of-1-850-000-signatures.md) _Context: Democratic Unity Roundtable, National Electoral Council, Nicolas Maduro, President, Venezuela_
2. [Venezuela's National Electoral Council says the opposition successfully met the one percent of voter signatures in every state requirement for a referendum to recall President Nicolas Maduro. Council head Tibisay Lucena did not name a date for the next phase of the referendum process: collect 20 percent of voters' signatures. ](/news/2016/08/1/venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-says-the-opposition-successfully-met-the-one-percent-of-voter-signatures-in-every-state-requirement-f.md) _Context: National Electoral Council, Nicolas Maduro, President, Venezuela_
3. [After many delays, Venezuela's electoral council releases petition sheets to the opposition alliance that wants to initiate a recall referendum against President Nicolas Maduro. Within three days, the petitioners need to collect about 200,000 signatures (1 percent of registered voters) before proceeding to the next step, the collection of 20 million signatures to get the referendum on the ballot. ](/news/2016/04/26/after-many-delays-venezuela-s-electoral-council-releases-petition-sheets-to-the-opposition-alliance-that-wants-to-initiate-a-recall-referen.md) _Context: National Electoral Council, Nicolas Maduro, President, Venezuela_
4. [Venezuelan opposition leaders say their Democratic Unity Roundtable has won control of the 167-seat legislature from the ruling Socialists for the first time since 1998. There is no confirmation on Sunday's election from the national electoral board. An opposition victory would be a major setback for the socialist revolution started 17 years ago by the late Hugo Chavez. ](/news/2015/12/6/venezuelan-opposition-leaders-say-their-democratic-unity-roundtable-has-won-control-of-the-167-seat-legislature-from-the-ruling-socialists-f.md) _Context: Democratic Unity Roundtable, United Social Party of Venezuela, Venezuela, landslide victory in the December 6 election_
5. [Mexico's Secretary of Foreign Affairs Luis Videgaray Caso, flanked by visiting United States Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Canadian counterpart Chrystia Freeland, rejects "any option that would imply the use of violence" on the subject of Venezuela. On the eve of his visit, Tillerson had defended the 19th-century United States policy in Latin America and suggested that the Venezuelan Army could manage a "peaceful transition" from President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2018/02/2/mexico-s-secretary-of-foreign-affairs-luis-videgaray-caso-flanked-by-visiting-united-states-secretary-of-state-rex-tillerson-and-canadian-c.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President, Venezuela_
