### [2014-05-19](/news/2014/05/19/index.md)

# 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:Russia's President Vladimir Putin says he ordered troops in the Rostov, Belgorod and Bryansk regions to withdraw and return to their permanent bases.  




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-27467807)
2. [Kyiv Post](http://www.kyivpost.com/content/ukraine/nato-sees-no-signs-of-russian-troops-withdrawal-from-ukrainian-border-for-now-348442.html)
3. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2014/05/20/world/europe/kremlin-announces-ukraine-pullback-but-nato-doesnt-see-it.html)

### Related:

1. [Vladimir Putin, the President of Russia, and Petro Poroshenko, the President of Ukraine, will meet at the sidelines of the Asia-Europe Meeting in Milan, Italy to discuss the conflict and supplies of natural gas. ](/news/2014/10/17/vladimir-putin-the-president-of-russia-and-petro-poroshenko-the-president-of-ukraine-will-meet-at-the-sidelines-of-the-asiaaeurope-mee.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
2. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:The President of Russia Vladimir Putin meets with the President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko in Minsk, Belarus, as disputes in eastern Ukraine continue. ](/news/2014/08/26/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-pthe-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-meets-with-the-president-of-ukraine-petro-poroshenko-in-minsk-be.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
3. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:Russian President Vladimir Putin announces that he will respect the outcome of Ukraine's presidential election.  ](/news/2014/05/23/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-prussian-president-vladimir-putin-announces-that-he-will-respect-the-outcome-of-ukraine-s-presidential-el.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
4. [When Russian President Vladimir Putin, during the January telephone conversation with President Donald Trump,  raised the possibility of extending the 2010  New START treaty that caps U.S. and Russian deployment of nuclear warheads, President Trump    declined, stating that this treaty  is a bad deal for the United States. ](/news/2017/02/9/when-russian-president-vladimir-putin-during-the-january-telephone-conversation-with-president-donald-trump-raised-the-possibility-of-ext.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
5. [President of Russia Vladimir Putin signs into law the decriminalization of domestic violence. ](/news/2017/02/7/president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-signs-into-law-the-decriminalization-of-domestic-violence.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
6. [Russian President Vladimir Putin signs a symbolic order to withdraw Russia's signature from the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court (ICC) amid calls by pro-rebel western Non-governmental organisations for an investigation into alleged Russian war crimes in Syria. ](/news/2016/11/16/russian-president-vladimir-putin-signs-a-symbolic-order-to-withdraw-russia-s-signature-from-the-rome-statute-of-the-international-criminal-c.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
7. [U.S. President Barack Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin fail to agree on a peace deal regarding the Syrian civil war. ](/news/2016/09/5/u-s-president-barack-obama-and-russian-president-vladimir-putin-fail-to-agree-on-a-peace-deal-regarding-the-syrian-civil-war.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
8. [A fire at a warehouse in Moscow, Russia, kills at least 17 people, all migrant workers from Kyrgyzstan.  The Investigative Committee of Russia, which reports directly to President Vladimir Putin, says a criminal inquiry has been launched. ](/news/2016/08/27/a-fire-at-a-warehouse-in-moscow-russia-kills-at-least-17-people-all-migrant-workers-from-kyrgyzstan-the-investigative-committee-of-russ.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
9. [Democratic presidential election nominee Hillary Clinton accuses Russian intelligence services of being behind recent hacks into Democratic National Committee computers, while also accusing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of supporting Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2016/07/31/democratic-presidential-election-nominee-hillary-clinton-accuses-russian-intelligence-services-of-being-behind-recent-hacks-into-democratic.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
10. [Following his meeting at Finnish  President Sauli Niinisto's residence, Russian President Vladimir Putin says that Russia would respect Finland's choice whether to join NATO, though as part of NATO's military infrastructure, Finnish Defence Forces would overnight be at the borders of the Russian Federation. Putin and Niinisto call for improved security in Baltic airspace where Russian and Western aircraft have had close encounters in recent months. ](/news/2016/07/1/following-his-meeting-at-finnish-president-sauli-niinistap-s-residence-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-that-russia-would-respect-fin.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
