### [2014-05-19](/news/2014/05/19/index.md)

# An apartment building collapses in Pyongyang, North Korea, with casualties estimated to be in the hundreds. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2014/05/18/world/asia/north-korea-building-collapse/index.html?sr=fb051814nkbuildingcollapse9astorylink)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/may/18/north-korea--rare-apology-collapse-apartment-building)

### Related:

1. [China-North Korea relations: Air China suspends all flights to North Korea's capital Pyongyang amid rising tensions between North Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/04/14/china-north-korea-relations-air-china-suspends-all-flights-to-north-korea-s-capital-pyongyang-amid-rising-tensions-between-north-korea-an.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
2. [ North Korea - South Korea relations: North Korean defectors: North Korea accuses South Korea of kidnapping its citizens and demands their immediate return after Seoul's Ministry of Unification said 13 of them had defected to South Korea from China, where they worked in a Pyongyang-operated restaurant. China says that the 13 people, a male manager and 12 young female employees, had legitimate passports and had freely exited China. ](/news/2016/04/12/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korean-defectors-north-korea-accuses-south-korea-of-kidnapping-its-citizens-and-demands-their.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
3. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: North Korea threatens a pre-emptive nuclear strike against South Korea and the United States in response to the two nations' annual joint military exercise which Pyongyang considers is a pretext for an invasion. ](/news/2016/03/6/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-north-korea-threatens-a-pre-emptive-nuclear-strike-against-south-korea-and-the-united-states-in.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
4. [North Korea-Philippines relations: The Philippines impounds a North Korean cargo ship in line with new UN sanctions on North Korea in response to Pyongyang's recent nuclear test and missile launch. Presidential spokesman, Manolo Quezon, said the 6,830-tonne cargo ship would not be allowed to leave the Port of Subic, Luzon, where it has been docked for three days, and that its crew would be deported. ](/news/2016/03/5/north-korea-philippines-relations-the-philippines-impounds-a-north-korean-cargo-ship-in-line-with-new-un-sanctions-on-north-korea-in-resp.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
5. [North Korea's all-female Moranbong Band, which was formed by leader Kim Jong-un, surprisingly cancels tonight's concert at Beijing's National Centre for the Performing Arts, and two others and returns to Pyongyang. Rumors for the sudden change abound, but no reason has been given. The sudden cancellation could hurt Chinese-North Korean relations, cooler since between Kim assumed power in 2011. ](/news/2015/12/12/north-korea-s-all-female-moranbong-band-which-was-formed-by-leader-kim-jong-un-surprisingly-cancels-tonight-s-concert-at-beijing-s-nationa.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
6. [North Korea holds a massive military parade in its capital, Pyongyang, to celebrate the 70th anniversary of Workers' Party of Korea rule in the country. Liu Yunshan, the highest-ranking Chinese official to visit North Korea in three years, attends the parade. ](/news/2015/10/10/north-korea-holds-a-massive-military-parade-in-its-capital-pyongyang-to-celebrate-the-70th-anniversary-of-workers-party-of-korea-rule-in.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
7. [An apartment block in the North Korean capital Pyongyang containing 100 families collapses. ](/news/2014/05/13/an-apartment-block-in-the-north-korean-capital-pyongyang-containing-100-families-collapses.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
8. [North Korea confirms a bird flu outbreak that has forced authorities to kill over 160,000 ducks in Pyongyang. ](/news/2013/05/20/north-korea-confirms-a-bird-flu-outbreak-that-has-forced-authorities-to-kill-over-160-000-ducks-in-pyongyang.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
9. [2013 Korean crisis: The annual session of North Korea's Parliament, the Supreme People's Assembly, takes place in Pyongyang, following repeated threats of violence by the leader Kim Jong-Un against South Korea and the United States. Choi Bu-Il is appointed Minister of Internal Security. ](/news/2013/04/1/2013-korean-crisis-the-annual-session-of-north-korea-s-parliament-the-supreme-people-s-assembly-takes-place-in-pyongyang-following-repea.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
10. [Hundreds of thousands of North Koreans celebrate the successful launch of the Kwangmyongsong-3 Unit 2 satellite in Pyongyang's Kim Il-Sung Square. ](/news/2012/12/14/hundreds-of-thousands-of-north-koreans-celebrate-the-successful-launch-of-the-kwangmyangsang-3-unit-2-satellite-in-pyongyang-s-kim-il-sung.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
