### [2014-05-19](/news/2014/05/19/index.md)

# China-United States relations:The United States Department of Justice charges five Chinese military officers with hacking into private-sector American companies in a bid for competitive advantage. 

The US charges five Chinese army officers with hacking into private-sector companies to gain trade secrets, in the first espionage case of its kind.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-27475324)

### Related:

1. [The People's Republic of China lodges a complaint with the United States after President-elect of the United States Donald Trump speaks with President of Taiwan Tsai Ing-wen. The PRC and the United States view Taiwan as a breakaway province. ](/news/2016/12/3/the-people-s-republic-of-china-lodges-a-complaint-with-the-united-states-after-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-speaks-with.md) _Context: China-United States relations, United States_
2. [The People's Republic of China returns a United States unmanned underwater drone that it seized in the South China Sea last week. ](/news/2016/12/20/the-people-s-republic-of-china-returns-a-united-states-unmanned-underwater-drone-that-it-seized-in-the-south-china-sea-last-week.md) _Context: China-United States relations, United States_
3. [The Chinese Defense Ministry says it is in talks with the United States about returning an underwater drone taken Thursday from the South China Sea. The Pentagon says the drone, used for gathering weather and temperature data, is not armed. ](/news/2016/12/17/the-chinese-defense-ministry-says-it-is-in-talks-with-the-united-states-about-returning-an-underwater-drone-taken-thursday-from-the-south-ch.md) _Context: China-United States relations, United States_
4. [President-elect Donald Trump says he sees no reason why the U.S. should continue to abide by the One China policy unless a bargain is reached with Beijing involving trade. ](/news/2016/12/12/president-elect-donald-trump-says-he-sees-no-reason-why-the-u-s-should-continue-to-abide-by-the-one-china-policy-unless-a-bargain-is-reache.md) _Context: China-United States relations, United States_
5. [The United States Education and Justice Departments advise U.S. public school districts across the country to allow transgender students to use the bathrooms that match their gender identity, rather than their gender at birth. The new guidance comes as  Justice and North Carolina battle in federal court over the state's new so-called bathroom bill. ](/news/2016/05/13/the-united-states-education-and-justice-departments-advise-u-s-public-school-districts-across-the-country-to-allow-transgender-students-to.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice, United States_
6. [In a letter to the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists, the United States Department of Justice announces it is opening a criminal investigation into tax avoidance schemes exposed by the Panama Papers with U.S. attorney Preet Bharara asking the ICIJ for help. ](/news/2016/04/20/in-a-letter-to-the-international-consortium-of-investigative-journalists-the-united-states-department-of-justice-announces-it-is-opening-a.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice, United States_
7. [At an event hosted by Center for Strategic and International Studies, Foreign Minister Wang Yi  expresses China's concerns that the planned deployment of the THAAD missile defense system and the X band radar for which the South Korea and the United States have started talks to secure its approval in order to counter the growing threat of North Korea's weapons capabilities could jeopardize the country's "legitimate national security interests." At the Pentagon, Harry Harris, the commander of U.S. forces in the Pacific, said that if China wanted to prevent consideration of the THAAD system's deployment, it should lean on Pyongyang saying, "If China wanted to exert a lot of influence on somebody to prevent THAAD from being considered going into Korea, then they should exert that influence on North Korea." ](/news/2016/02/25/at-an-event-hosted-by-center-for-strategic-and-international-studies-foreign-minister-wang-yi-expresses-china-s-concerns-that-the-planned.md) _Context: China-United States relations, United States_
8. [The United States and China hold joint naval exercises in the Atlantic Ocean near Naval Station Mayport, Jacksonville, Florida. The United States missile destroyer USS Mason and guided missile cruiser USS Monterey along with other ships in the Atlantic, conduct drills with China's  guided-missile frigate Yiyang, guided-missile destroyer Jinan, and oil tanker Qiandao Hu.  ](/news/2015/11/7/the-united-states-and-china-hold-joint-naval-exercises-in-the-atlantic-ocean-near-naval-station-mayport-jacksonville-florida-the-united-s.md) _Context: China-United States relations, United States_
9. [In a  Peking University speech in Beijing, US Pacific Command commander, Admiral Harry Harris, says the U.S. Navy's freedom-of-navigation patrols in the South China Sea are routine operations intended to demonstrate respect for international law principles. Harris reiterated they should not be construed as a threat to any country while emphasizing  America's common ground with China. ](/news/2015/11/3/in-a-peking-university-speech-in-beijing-us-pacific-command-commander-admiral-harry-harris-says-the-u-s-navyas-freedom-of-navigation.md) _Context: China-United States relations, United States_
10. [As a result of talks between U.S. Chief of Naval Operations Admiral John Richardson and Chinese Commander of the People's Liberation Army Navy Admiral Wu Shengli about a U.S. warship's transit with 12 nautical miles of China's man-made islands in the South China Sea, the United States and China agree to maintain dialogue and follow Code for Unplanned Encounters at Sea protocols, according to a U.S. official. ](/news/2015/10/29/as-a-result-of-talks-between-u-s-chief-of-naval-operations-admiral-john-richardson-and-chinese-commander-of-the-people-s-liberation-army-na.md) _Context: China-United States relations, United States_
