### [2014-05-19](/news/2014/05/19/index.md)

# The United States Department of Justice charges five Chinese military officers with hacking into private-sector American companies in a bid for competitive advantage. 

The US charges five Chinese army officers with hacking into private-sector companies to gain trade secrets, in the first espionage case of its kind.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-27475324)

### Related:

1. [The United States Department of Justice has requested media organization Russia Today to register as a foreign lobbying firm in the United States. ](/news/2017/09/12/the-united-states-department-of-justice-has-requested-media-organization-russia-today-to-register-as-a-foreign-lobbying-firm-in-the-united-s.md) _Context: United States, United States Department of Justice_
2. [The United States Education and Justice Departments advise U.S. public school districts across the country to allow transgender students to use the bathrooms that match their gender identity, rather than their gender at birth. The new guidance comes as Justice and North Carolina battle in federal court over the state's new so-called bathroom bill. ](/news/2016/05/13/the-united-states-education-and-justice-departments-advise-u-s-public-school-districts-across-the-country-to-allow-transgender-students-to.md) _Context: United States, United States Department of Justice_
3. [In a letter to the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists, the United States Department of Justice announces it is opening a criminal investigation into tax avoidance schemes exposed by the Panama Papers with U.S. attorney Preet Bharara asking the ICIJ for help. ](/news/2016/04/20/in-a-letter-to-the-international-consortium-of-investigative-journalists-the-united-states-department-of-justice-announces-it-is-opening-a.md) _Context: United States, United States Department of Justice_
4. [Wikileaks releases U.S. Central Intelligence Agency director John O. Brennan's personal information after the top spy's personal email account was allegedly hacked by a 13-year-old and information sent to Wikileaks. All of the documents predate Brennan's time in the Obama administration and reveal no classified data. Among the information released are Social Security numbers, an incomplete questionnaire for security clearance, and addresses of his family and associates. ](/news/2015/10/21/wikileaks-releases-u-s-central-intelligence-agency-director-john-o-brennan-s-personal-information-after-the-top-spy-s-personal-email-accou.md) _Context: United States, hackers_
5. [The United States Office of Personnel Management closes down its system for employee background checks following the theft of millions of records in a computer hacking incident suspected to be conducted by Chinese hackers. ](/news/2015/06/29/the-united-states-office-of-personnel-management-closes-down-its-system-for-employee-background-checks-following-the-theft-of-millions-of-re.md) _Context: United States, hackers_
6. [Swede Alex Yucel pleads guilty in the United States to distributing Blackshades software that was used to hack into 500,000 computers worldwide. ](/news/2015/02/18/swede-alex-yucel-pleads-guilty-in-the-united-states-to-distributing-blackshades-software-that-was-used-to-hack-into-500-000-computers-worldw.md) _Context: United States, hackers_
7. [The United States stock market undergoes a flash crash (similar to 2010) of 1 percent when the Twitter feed from the Associated Press news agency is hacked and erroneously states that several explosions have injured President Barack Obama. ](/news/2013/04/23/the-united-states-stock-market-undergoes-a-flash-crash-similar-to-2010-of-1-percent-when-the-twitter-feed-from-the-associated-press-news-a.md) _Context: United States, hackers_
8. [The United States Justice Department joins a lawsuit against cyclist Lance Armstrong for allegedly defrauding the United States Postal Service by using money from it to buy performance-enhancing drugs. ](/news/2013/02/22/the-united-states-justice-department-joins-a-lawsuit-against-cyclist-lance-armstrong-for-allegedly-defrauding-the-united-states-postal-servi.md) _Context: United States, United States Department of Justice_
9. ["The New York Times" publishes allegations that a Chinese People's Liberation Army unit called PLA Unit 61398 may be the source of hacking attacks on the West. ](/news/2013/02/19/the-new-york-times-publishes-allegations-that-a-chinese-people-s-liberation-army-unit-called-pla-unit-61398-may-be-the-source-of-hacking-a.md) _Context: Chinese military, hackers_
10. [Law enforcement agencies in the United States, United Kingdom and Ireland arrest alleged senior members of the computer hacking group Lulz Sec, including a member of the FBI. ](/news/2012/03/6/law-enforcement-agencies-in-the-united-states-united-kingdom-and-ireland-arrest-alleged-senior-members-of-the-computer-hacking-group-lulz-s.md) _Context: United States, hackers_
