### [2007-10-10](/news/2007/10/10/index.md)

#  The first Malaysian astronaut, Sheikh Muszaphar Shukor, and the first female space station commander, Peggy Whitson, are launched towards the International Space Station on board Soyuz TMA-11. 




### Source:

1. [Spaceflightnow](http://www.spaceflightnow.com/station/exp16/071010launch.html)

### Related:

1. [Peggy Whitson, commander of the International Space Station (ISS), breaks the record for most total days spent in space by any NASA astronaut, at more than 534 days. ](/news/2017/04/24/peggy-whitson-commander-of-the-international-space-station-iss-breaks-the-record-for-most-total-days-spent-in-space-by-any-nasa-astronau.md) _Context: International Space Station, Peggy Whitson_
2. [A fire at an Islamic boarding school for boys kills 24 people, most of them students, in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. ](/news/2017/09/14/a-fire-at-an-islamic-boarding-school-for-boys-kills-24-people-most-of-them-students-in-kuala-lumpur-malaysia.md) _Context: Malaysia_
3. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Malaysia_
4. [SpaceX launches a Falcon 9 rocket with a shipment of food and supplies in a refurbished Dragon cargo capsule for the International Space Station. The mission reuses a Dragon cargo vessel that was previously flown in a September 2014 mission. ](/news/2017/06/3/spacex-launches-a-falcon-9-rocket-with-a-shipment-of-food-and-supplies-in-a-refurbished-dragon-cargo-capsule-for-the-international-space-sta.md) _Context: International Space Station_
5. [Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines begin joint patrols in the pirate havens within the Celebes and Sulu Seas. ](/news/2017/06/19/indonesia-malaysia-and-the-philippines-begin-joint-patrols-in-the-pirate-havens-within-the-celebes-and-sulu-seas.md) _Context: Malaysia_
6. [Rocket Lab launches its 3D-printed Electron rocket on a test flight from Mahia Peninsula in New Zealand. This is the first launch from New Zealand and the first from a private facility. Electron is 17 meters high, is intended for frequent launches of small payloads, and costs $5 million per liftoff. SpaceX's Falcon 9 stands at 70 meters, carries up to 22,800 kilograms to the ISS, and costs $62 million per launch. ](/news/2017/05/25/rocket-lab-launches-its-3d-printed-electron-rocket-on-a-test-flight-from-mahia-peninsula-in-new-zealand-this-is-the-first-launch-from-new.md) _Context: International Space Station_
7. [North Korea temporarily bans all Malaysian nationals (estimated to be at least 11 people including embassy employees) from leaving the country amid a growing dispute between the two countries over the death of Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of Kim Jong-un. Malaysian official Khairy Jamaluddin calls the move "tantamount to taking hostages". ](/news/2017/03/7/north-korea-temporarily-bans-all-malaysian-nationals-estimated-to-be-at-least-11-people-including-embassy-employees-from-leaving-the-count.md) _Context: Malaysia_
8. [Malaysia expels Kang Chol, North Korea's ambassador, after he criticised the former's investigation into the death of Kim Jong-nam. ](/news/2017/03/4/malaysia-expels-kang-chol-north-korea-s-ambassador-after-he-criticised-the-former-s-investigation-into-the-death-of-kim-jong-nam.md) _Context: Malaysia_
9. [SpaceX successfully places the SES-10 telecommunications satellite on a geostationary transfer orbit. The event is notable because of the implied economic cost savings of reusing, for the first time, a used Falcon 9 first stage which had previously been recovered. That first stage had previously launched a Dragon spacecraft to the International Space Station and landed on an autonomous drone ship during the CRS-8 mission. ](/news/2017/03/30/spacex-successfully-places-the-ses-10-telecommunications-satellite-on-a-geostationary-transfer-orbit-the-event-is-notable-because-of-the-im.md) _Context: International Space Station_
10. [NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough and ESA astronaut Thomas Pesquet take a spacewalk outside of the International Space Station to prepare the vessel for new arrivals. ](/news/2017/03/24/nasa-astronaut-shane-kimbrough-and-esa-astronaut-thomas-pesquet-take-a-spacewalk-outside-of-the-international-space-station-to-prepare-the-v.md) _Context: International Space Station_
