### [2013-06-23](/news/2013/06/23/index.md)

# At least 18 Romanians were killed and 32 were injured after a bus crash, in Montenegro. 




### Source:

1. [Huffington Post](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/06/23/montenegro-bus-crash_n_3487228.html)

### Related:

1. [Montenegro-NATO relations: Montenegro officially joins NATO as its 29th member at a ceremony in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2017/06/5/montenegro-nato-relations-montenegro-officially-joins-nato-as-its-29th-member-at-a-ceremony-in-washington-d-c.md) _Context: Montenegro_
2. [Accession of Montenegro to NATO: The Parliament of Montenegro votes 46-0 to ratify Montenegro's membership of NATO, while opposition politicians boycott the vote and hold protests. ](/news/2017/04/28/accession-of-montenegro-to-nato-the-parliament-of-montenegro-votes-46-0-to-ratify-montenegro-s-membership-of-nato-while-opposition-polit.md) _Context: Montenegro_
3. [Romanian legislative election, 2016: Romanians head to the polls in the country's parliamentary elections. Exit polls show the Social Democratic Party winning by a wide margin. ](/news/2016/12/11/romanian-legislative-election-2016-romanians-head-to-the-polls-in-the-country-s-parliamentary-elections-exit-polls-show-the-social-democr.md) _Context: Romanians_
4. [Accession of Montenegro to NATO: The Kremlin condemns NATO's membership invitation to Montenegro, warning the step risks fueling geopolitical tensions in Europe. ](/news/2016/05/20/accession-of-montenegro-to-nato-the-kremlin-condemns-nato-s-membership-invitation-to-montenegro-warning-the-step-risks-fueling-geopolitica.md) _Context: Montenegro_
5. [Accession of Montenegro to NATO: Montenegro and NATO sign an accession agreement, paving the way for the country's future entry into the military alliance. All of NATO's members must now ratify the agreement, with Prime Minister Milo Dukanovic expecting Montenegro to join by mid 2017. ](/news/2016/05/19/accession-of-montenegro-to-nato-montenegro-and-nato-sign-an-accession-agreement-paving-the-way-for-the-country-s-future-entry-into-the-mil.md) _Context: Montenegro_
6. [Erasmus bus crash: A Catalan official says the 13 exchange students killed in Sunday's accident were 19-to-25-year-old women, seven from Italy, two Germans, an Austrian, a woman from France, a Romanian and an Uzbek. Twenty-four people are being treated in hospital with one student in critical condition, and six people, including the driver, in serious condition. Reports from officials indicate the driver lost control of the coach and crashed to the other side before running into an oncoming car. The bus driver, who passed alcohol and drug tests, is being investigated for possible negligent homicide as police seek to determine the cause of the crash. ](/news/2016/03/21/erasmus-bus-crash-a-catalan-official-says-the-13-exchange-students-killed-in-sunday-s-accident-were-19-to-25-year-old-women-seven-from-ita.md) _Context: Romanians_
7. [Enlargement of NATO: NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg announces the invitation sent to Montenegro to join the military alliance, 16 years after the country, as part of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, was bombed by the alliance in the Kosovo War. Montenegro's accession would result in "retaliatory actions", according to a spokesman for Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2015/12/2/enlargement-of-nato-nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-announces-the-invitation-sent-to-montenegro-to-join-the-military-alliance-16-y.md) _Context: Montenegro_
8. [Pro-Russian opposition parties protest against Montenegro's NATO membership, demanding a referendum on the issue. ](/news/2015/12/12/pro-russian-opposition-parties-protest-against-montenegro-s-nato-membership-demanding-a-referendum-on-the-issue.md) _Context: Montenegro_
9. [2015 anti-government protest in Montenegro: Thousands protest and clash with police in Montenegro's capital Podgorica, demanding the immediate resignation of Prime Minister Milo Dukanovic. Dukanovic has rejected calls to resign and has accused the opposition of trying to prevent the country's NATO membership, saying he is convinced Russia is behind the unrest. ](/news/2015/10/24/2015-anti-government-protest-in-montenegro-thousands-protest-and-clash-with-police-in-montenegro-s-capital-podgorica-demanding-the-immedia.md) _Context: Montenegro_
10. [Pro-Serbian opposition from the Democratic Front holds a mass protest rally in the capital of Montenegro, Podgorica, demanding the resignation of the government of Prime Minister Milo Dukanovic. ](/news/2015/09/28/pro-serbian-opposition-from-the-democratic-front-holds-a-mass-protest-rally-in-the-capital-of-montenegro-podgorica-demanding-the-resignati.md) _Context: Montenegro_
