### [2013-06-23](/news/2013/06/23/index.md)

# Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian National Authority, accepts the resignation of Prime Minister Rami Hamdallah who had offered his resignation on Thursday. 

Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas on Sunday accepted the resignation of his new prime minister, whose quick departure clouded efforts to project government stability after Western favorite Salam Fayyad quit the post.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/06/23/us-palestinians-resignation-idUSBRE95M02C20130623)
1. [Cover Image](http://s1.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20130623&t=2&i=743993893&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=CBRE95M0LT800)

### Related:

1. [Salam Fayyad resigns as Prime Minister of the Palestinian National Authority following an ongoing dispute with the President Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2013/04/13/salam-fayyad-resigns-as-prime-minister-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-following-an-ongoing-dispute-with-the-president-mahmoud-abbas.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, Palestinian National Authority, Prime Minister_
2. [ Hamas militants are considering lighter ceasefire terms offered by Fatah, specifically Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. They are giving Israel until May 27 to respond to this agreement, that would only end Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip. Hamas has said, however, that they are not completely committed to their offer. Israeli attack helicopters launch missile strikes on a various facilities, including a security facility near Palestinian Prime Minister Haniyeh's home. At least three people are injured by the air strikes. ](/news/2007/05/26/hamas-militants-are-considering-lighter-ceasefire-terms-offered-by-fatah-specifically-palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-they-are-giving.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, Palestinian National Authority, Prime Minister_
3. [Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian National Authority, says he will push for full United Nations membership as a nation state for the Palestinian National Authority at the September 23 UN General Assembly meeting. ](/news/2011/09/16/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-says-he-will-push-for-full-united-nations-membership-as-a-nation-state-f.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, Palestinian National Authority_
4. [Palestinian National Authority President Mahmoud Abbas says that general elections in September would be canceled if Hamas refused to allow voting in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2011/02/17/palestinian-national-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-says-that-general-elections-in-september-would-be-canceled-if-hamas-refused-to-allow.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, Palestinian National Authority_
5. [Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas tells that peace negotiations will not continue until Israel makes a new settlement freeze on the West Bank, ending the current Israel-Palestine peace negotiations after just one month, though maintaining contacts with the United States. ](/news/2010/10/2/palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-tells-that-peace-negotiations-will-not-continue-until-israel-makes-a-new-settlement-freeze-on-the-west-b.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, Palestinian National Authority_
6. [President of the United States Barack Obama meets President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas at the White House in Washington, D.C., United States and promises Palestinians $400 million in US assistance for the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2010/06/9/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-at-the-white-house-in-washin.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, Palestinian National Authority_
7. [ President Mahmoud Abbas inaugurates the Palestinian National Authority's new government. ](/news/2009/05/19/president-mahmoud-abbas-inaugurates-the-palestinian-national-authority-s-new-government.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, Palestinian National Authority_
8. [ U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Palestinian National Authority President Mahmoud Abbas meet in the West Bank. ](/news/2009/03/4/u-s-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-and-palestinian-national-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-meet-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, Palestinian National Authority_
9. [ Israel releases 199 Palestinian prisoners as a goodwill gesture to the President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas as the United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice visits the area. ](/news/2008/08/25/israel-releases-199-palestinian-prisoners-as-a-goodwill-gesture-to-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-as-the.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, Palestinian National Authority_
10. [ President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas states in a speech that "we have to bring down" Hamas. ](/news/2007/11/15/president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-states-in-a-speech-that-we-have-to-bring-down-hamas.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, Palestinian National Authority_
