### [2013-06-23](/news/2013/06/23/index.md)

# Syrian civil war spillover in Lebanon:. Six Lebanese Army soldiers are killed and several others injured in clashes at a checkpoint on the outskirts of Sidon. 

Residents flee scene of violence as at 10 soldiers are killed after clashes with followers of Sunni cleric.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2013/06/201362315132483536.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian civil war spillover in Lebanon:. Clashes between the Lebanese Army and supporters of the Salafist cleric Ahmed Al-Assir continue for a second day around the Ain el-Hilweh camp near Sidon. The government reports at least 15 soldiers killed and 38 others injured in the violence, as it promises crackdown on ethnic strife across the country. ](/news/2013/06/24/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-clashes-between-the-lebanese-army-and-supporters-of-the-salafist-cleric-ahmed-al-assir-continue-for.md) _Context: Lebanese Army, Sidon, Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon_
2. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon. The Lebanese Army and the al-Nusra Front conduct a prisoner exchange with Saja Dulaimi, former wife of Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, leader of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, being one of the prisoners released. The exchange was brokered by Qatar. ](/news/2015/12/1/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-the-lebanese-army-and-the-al-nusra-front-conduct-a-prisoner-exchange-with-saja-dulaimi-former-wife-o.md) _Context: Lebanese Army, Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon_
3. [Renewed clashes between Islamist extremists and the Fatah-supported Joint Palestinian Security Force at the Ain al-Hilweh Palestinian refugees camp, near Sidon, Lebanon, wound three more Palestinians. ](/news/2017/08/22/renewed-clashes-between-islamist-extremists-and-the-fatah-supported-joint-palestinian-security-force-at-the-ain-al-hilweh-palestinian-refuge.md) _Context: Sidon_
4. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon. The Lebanese Armed Forces launches operation "Fajr al-Joroud", and on the first day recaptures 30 km of territory near the Lebanon-Syria border formerly occupied by ISIS militants. Twenty ISIS militants were killed and 10 Lebanese soldiers were wounded. ](/news/2017/08/19/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-the-lebanese-armed-forces-launches-operation-fajr-al-joroud-and-on-the-first-day-recaptures-30-km.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon_
5. [ Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon. Lebanese Armed Forces are attacked by five suicide bombers and other militants during a raid of two Syrian refugee camps in Arsal near the Syrian border. The army reports a girl was killed in one of the suicide attacks, seven soldiers were also wounded, and 350 people, including several ISIL officials, were detained during the sweep. ](/news/2017/06/30/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-lebanese-armed-forces-are-attacked-by-five-suicide-bombers-and-other-militants-during-a-raid-of-two.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon_
6. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon. A suicide bomber attacks the Lebanese village of Qaa near the Syrian border, with at least six people dead and 13 people injured. ](/news/2016/06/27/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-a-suicide-bomber-attacks-the-lebanese-village-of-qaa-near-the-syrian-border-with-at-least-six-people.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon_
7. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon. Clashes between the Lebanese Army and jihadist militants near the village of Ras Baalbek in northeast Lebanon, close to the Syrian border, leaves one soldier and eight militants dead. ](/news/2016/03/10/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-clashes-between-the-lebanese-army-and-jihadist-militants-near-the-village-of-ras-baalbek-in-northeast.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon_
8. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon. A suicide attack by al-Nusra Front (al-Qaeda's official affiliate in Syria) at a cafe in Tripoli, Lebanon, kills at least seven people.](/news/2015/01/10/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-a-suicide-attack-by-al-nusra-front-al-qaeda-s-official-affiliate-in-syria-at-a-cafa-c-in-tripoli-le.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon_
9. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon. Unidentified gunmen kill 6 Lebanese soldiers near the eastern town of Ras Baalbek. ](/news/2014/12/2/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-unidentified-gunmen-kill-6-lebanese-soldiers-near-the-eastern-town-of-ras-baalbek.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon_
10. [Syrian Civil War. The Lebanese Army states that 14 soldiers have been killed and 22 are missing after alleged clashes with Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant fighters on the Syrian border. ](/news/2014/08/4/syrian-civil-war-the-lebanese-army-states-that-14-soldiers-have-been-killed-and-22-are-missing-after-alleged-clashes-with-islamic-state-of.md) _Context: Lebanese Army_
