### [2008-07-20](/news/2008/07/20/index.md)

#  Golfer Pdraig Harrington of Ireland wins his second successive Open Championship (British Open). 




### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5hq-XbEcsYSuvFRwpATxkT7DSCn8gD921OK181)

### Related:

1. [ Irish golfer Pdraig Harrington wins the British Open defeating Sergio Garca in a playoff. ](/news/2007/07/22/irish-golfer-padraig-harrington-wins-the-british-open-defeating-sergio-garcia-in-a-playoff.md) _Context: Open Championship (British Open), Pdraig Harrington, golf_
2. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
3. [A mass grave is discovered at a former Catholic orphanage in Tuam, Ireland, containing "significant quantities of human remains", all of them children. It is alleged over 800 children died at this orphanage and most were buried in the 1950s. ](/news/2017/03/3/a-mass-grave-is-discovered-at-a-former-catholic-orphanage-in-tuam-ireland-containing-asignificant-quantities-of-human-remainsa-all-of.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
4. [Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-ki.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
5. [The European Union formally grants Georgian citizens visa-free travel to its member states, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom. The signed documents will be published on March 8, and officially enter into force on March 28. ](/news/2017/03/1/the-european-union-formally-grants-georgian-citizens-visa-free-travel-to-its-member-states-with-the-exception-of-ireland-and-the-united-kin.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
6. [ Jim Furyk becomes the first golfer to shoot a round of 58 in an official PGA Tour event, doing so in the final round of the Travelers Championship. ](/news/2016/08/7/jim-furyk-becomes-the-first-golfer-to-shoot-a-round-of-58-in-an-official-pga-tour-event-doing-so-in-the-final-round-of-the-travelers-champ.md) _Context: golf_
7. [United Airlines Flight 880 makes an emergency landing at Shannon Airport in the Republic of Ireland due to "severe and unexpected turbulence". At least 12 people are hospitalized. ](/news/2016/08/31/united-airlines-flight-880-makes-an-emergency-landing-at-shannon-airport-in-the-republic-of-ireland-due-to-severe-and-unexpected-turbulence.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
8. [The European Union orders Apple to pay up to 13 billion euros in back taxes to Ireland. A three-year investigation by the EU's competition commissioner concludes that Apple received "illegal state aid" from Ireland, the EU order that Apple pay 13 billion euros ($14.5 billion), and, in addition, also interest and unpaid taxes. ](/news/2016/08/30/the-european-union-orders-apple-to-pay-up-to-13-billion-euros-in-back-taxes-to-ireland-a-three-year-investigation-by-the-eu-s-competition-c.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
9. [In golf, Henrik Stenson wins the 2016 Open Championship defeating Phil Mickelson after a closely fought battle in the final round at the Royal Troon Golf Club in Scotland. Stenson's total of 264, 20 under par, is the lowest stroke total ever recorded in any major championship and ties Jason Day's performance at last year's PGA Championship for the lowest score in relation to par at a major. It is also Stenson's first victory in a major tournament. ](/news/2016/07/17/in-golf-henrik-stenson-wins-the-2016-open-championship-defeating-phil-mickelson-after-a-closely-fought-battle-in-the-final-round-at-the-roy.md) _Context: golf_
10. [AMC Theatres is purchasing  London-based Odeon & UCI Cinemas Group in a deal valued at about PS921 million  ($1.21 billion). AMC   has 385 theaters with 5,380 screens, most in the United States.  Odeon & UCI  has  242 theaters and 2,236 screens in the U.K. and Ireland.  AMC noted its $1.1 billion (PS835 million) acquisition of  Columbus, Georgia's Carmike Cinemas (276 thrs/2,954 scrs) is still in the works. ](/news/2016/07/12/amc-theatres-is-purchasing-london-based-odeon-uci-cinemas-group-in-a-deal-valued-at-about-aps921-million-1-21-billion-amc-has-385-t.md) _Context: Republic of Ireland_
