### [2008-07-20](/news/2008/07/20/index.md)

#  The Colombian diaspora celebrates Colombia's Independence Day with concerts and marches against violence, kidnapping and the FARC in Bogot, Leticia, the country's other 1,119 cities and municipalities, and events in cities around the world including Paris (attended by Ingrid Betancourt), London, Washington, D.C., New York City and Miami. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/7515939.stm)
2. [El Tiempo](http://www.eltiempo.com/colombia/20dejulio/home/por-liberacion-de-secuestrados-colombia-marcha-este-20-de-julio_4378633-1)

### Related:

1. [Demonstrations continue for a third day in New York City, Boston, Chicago, Cleveland, Jacksonville, Miami, and Washington, D.C. where protesters perform "die-ins" over the deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner. ](/news/2014/12/6/demonstrations-continue-for-a-third-day-in-new-york-city-boston-chicago-cleveland-jacksonville-miami-and-washington-d-c-where-protes.md) _Context: Miami, New York City, Washington, D.C._
2. [Russian arms dealer Viktor Bout is convicted in New York City for conspiracy to smuggle weapons to the Colombian terrorist group FARC. ](/news/2011/11/2/russian-arms-dealer-viktor-bout-is-convicted-in-new-york-city-for-conspiracy-to-smuggle-weapons-to-the-colombian-terrorist-group-farc.md) _Context: Colombia, FARC, New York City_
3. [Rallies occur in Berlin, London, New York City, Paris, Ottawa and elsewhere, calling for the release of Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani, a woman facing execution for adultery in Iran. ](/news/2010/07/24/rallies-occur-in-berlin-london-new-york-city-paris-ottawa-and-elsewhere-calling-for-the-release-of-sakineh-mohammadi-ashtiani-a-woman.md) _Context: London, New York City, Paris_
4. [The Dow Live Earth Run for Water started on April 18th. The host cities are: Buenos Aires, Cape Town, Chicago, Hong Kong, Jimbaran, London, Los Angeles, Manchester, Melbourne, Mexico City, Milan, Minneapolis, New York, Lisboa, Rio de Janeiro, SGBPo Paulo, Singapore City, Stockholm, Toronto and Washington, D.C.. ](/news/2010/04/18/the-dow-live-earth-run-for-water-started-on-april-18th-the-host-cities-are-buenos-aires-cape-town-chicago-hong-kong-jimbaran-london.md) _Context: London, New York City, Washington, D.C._
5. [ Colombian authorities release seized videos of 16 hostages being held by the FARC rebel group; these include former senator and presidential candidate ngrid Betancourt, last heard from in 2002, and three U.S. defence contractors abducted in 2003. ](/news/2007/11/30/colombian-authorities-release-seized-videos-of-16-hostages-being-held-by-the-farc-rebel-group-these-include-former-senator-and-presidentia.md) _Context: Colombia, FARC, Ingrid Betancourt_
6. [ New York State Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver's veto of the plan to build the West Side Stadium, the key component to the New York bid, all but ends New York City's chances of receiving the 2012 Olympics, leaving the field to a face-off between Paris and London. ](/news/2005/06/7/new-york-state-assembly-speaker-sheldon-silver-s-veto-of-the-plan-to-build-the-west-side-stadium-the-key-component-to-the-new-york-bid-al.md) _Context: London, New York City, Paris_
7. [SpaceX CEO Elon Musk says he has received federal government approval for The Boring Company to build an underground 760mph Hyperloop that will connect New York City and Washington, D.C.. ](/news/2017/07/20/spacex-ceo-elon-musk-says-he-has-received-federal-government-approval-for-the-boring-company-to-build-an-underground-760mph-hyperloop-that-w.md) _Context: New York City, Washington, D.C._
8. [A suspected terrorist bomb explosion in an Andino shopping mall's ladies room in Bogota, Colombia, kills three women and injures at least 11. ](/news/2017/06/17/a-suspected-terrorist-bomb-explosion-in-an-andino-shopping-mall-s-ladies-room-in-bogota-colombia-kills-three-women-and-injures-at-least-1.md) _Context: Bogota, Colombia_
9. [An explosion kills one and injures at least 30 people, mostly police officers preparing for the weekly anti-bullfighting protests in Bogota, Colombia. Bullfighting resumed last month after a four-year lull, per a Supreme Court order. Responsibility has not been determined. ](/news/2017/02/19/an-explosion-kills-one-and-injures-at-least-30-people-mostly-police-officers-preparing-for-the-weekly-anti-bullfighting-protests-in-bogota.md) _Context: Bogota, Colombia_
10. [According to the United Nations, as many as 96 families have been displaced by criminal gangs who are filling the vacuum left by FARC rebels in Colombia after the latter signed a peace deal with the government last year. ](/news/2017/02/18/according-to-the-united-nations-as-many-as-96-families-have-been-displaced-by-criminal-gangs-who-are-filling-the-vacuum-left-by-farc-rebels.md) _Context: Colombia, FARC_
