### [2016-12-25](/news/2016/12/25/index.md)

# A Russian Tu-154 military passenger airplane carrying 92 people including the Alexandrov Ensemble crashes into the Black Sea shortly after takeoff from Sochi. The airplane was headed towards Khmeimim, Syria. The Russian Armed Forces are actively involved in the Syrian Civil War. 

A Russian military plane crashed on Sunday in the Black Sea as it made its way to Syria with 92 people onboard, including musicians heading to celebrate the New Year with troops.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/12/russian-military-plane-disappears-radar-161225045201828.html)
2. [FOX News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2016/12/25/russian-plane-crashes-into-black-sea.html)
3. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/12/25/russian-plane-carrying-least-70-board-disappears-radar-near/)
3. [Cover Image](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/content/dam/news/2016/12/25/JS116665651-AFP-Russian-plane-crash-xlarge_trans_NvBQzQNjv4BqFAacvl0Mot1dtakh5FdHImec3mBF5JVGljyQn7n15Xc.jpg)

### Related:

1. [United States Department of Defense says that Russia has deployed armoured vehicles and troops to Syria in what has been described as the "first clear sign of offensive weapons arriving in Syria" and "the largest deployment of Russian forces outside the former Soviet Union since the collapse of the USSR". ](/news/2015/09/14/united-states-department-of-defense-says-that-russia-has-deployed-armoured-vehicles-and-troops-to-syria-in-what-has-been-described-as-the-f.md) _Context: Russia, Russian Armed Forces, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Russian and Syrian warplanes carry out airstrikes in southern Idlib, killing three civilians and wounding others. ](/news/2017/09/21/russian-and-syrian-warplanes-carry-out-airstrikes-in-southern-idlib-killing-three-civilians-and-wounding-others.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [The Russian air force bombards the city of Madan and Zor Shamr Camp, south and east of Raqqa, Syria, with cluster bombs, killing six civilians and wounding 19 others. Nearby Alburamadan town was also struck; there are no reports of casualties. ](/news/2017/07/23/the-russian-air-force-bombards-the-city-of-madan-and-zor-shamr-camp-south-and-east-of-raqqa-syria-with-cluster-bombs-killing-six-civilia.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria-following-russia-s-threat-that-it-would-treat-any-ai.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [After yesterday's downing of a Syrian Su-22 jet, Russia shuts down a deconfliction channel and says it will follow any aircraft west of the Euphrates as a target. ](/news/2017/06/19/after-yesterday-s-downing-of-a-syrian-su-22-jet-russia-shuts-down-a-deconfliction-channel-and-says-it-will-follow-any-aircraft-west-of-the.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [At least three soldiers of the Turkish Armed Forces are accidentally killed by a Russian airstrike near al-Bab in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/9/at-least-three-soldiers-of-the-turkish-armed-forces-are-accidentally-killed-by-a-russian-airstrike-near-al-bab-in-northern-syria.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [The United Nations Security Council unanimously votes in favor of the Russian and Turkey-backed ceasefire currently in effect in Syria. ](/news/2017/01/1/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-votes-in-favor-of-the-russian-and-turkey-backed-ceasefire-currently-in-effect-in-syria.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Between four and 20 people are reported killed by government and Russian airstrikes that hit rebel held areas, five hospitals, and a mobile clinic in Aleppo, says U.S. State Department spokeswoman Elizabeth Trudeau. Syria and Russia deny targeting Aleppo. ](/news/2016/11/15/between-four-and-20-people-are-reported-killed-by-government-and-russian-airstrikes-that-hit-rebel-held-areas-five-hospitals-and-a-mobile.md) _Context: Russia, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
