### [2013-04-2](/news/2013/04/2/index.md)

# Mexican Drug War:: The Mexican police find 9 mutilated bodies inside a SUV with Texas license plates in the northern state of Tamaulipas, Mexico. 




### Source:

1. [EFE via GlobalPost](http://www.globalpost.com/dispatch/news/agencia-efe/130402/police-find-9-bodies-inside-suv-northeast-mexico)

### Related:

1. [Mexican Drug War:: At least 14 people are killed in a series of clashes between alleged drug traffickers and police in the Mexican state of Michoacan. The government states that a high-profile drug lord was killed in the battle. ](/news/2013/04/11/mexican-drug-war-at-least-14-people-are-killed-in-a-series-of-clashes-between-alleged-drug-traffickers-and-police-in-the-mexican-state-of.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexico, police_
2. [Mexican Drug War:: Gunmen break into a prison in the Mexican border city of Ciudad Miguel Aleman, Tamaulipas, and liberate 12 inmates. ](/news/2013/02/26/mexican-drug-war-gunmen-break-into-a-prison-in-the-mexican-border-city-of-ciudad-miguel-alema-n-tamaulipas-and-liberate-12-inmates.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexico, Tamaulipas_
3. [Mexico:: At least 71 prisoners escape from jail in the Mexican city of Reynosa, Tamaulipas, across the U.S. border from McAllen, Texas. ](/news/2010/09/10/mexico-at-least-71-prisoners-escape-from-jail-in-the-mexican-city-of-reynosa-tamaulipas-across-the-u-s-border-from-mcallen-texas.md) _Context: Mexico, Tamaulipas, Texas_
4. [Mexican Drug War: An unknown gunman shoots and kills veteran journalist Javier Valdez Crdenas, who is noted for his investigative reporting on Mexico's war on drugs, in Culiacn, Sinaloa. ](/news/2017/05/15/mexican-drug-war-an-unknown-gunman-shoots-and-kills-veteran-journalist-javier-valdez-cardenas-who-is-noted-for-his-investigative-reporting.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexico_
5. [Mexican Drug War: A gang shoots down a police helicopter near Apatzingan, Michoacan, killing four people. The police had been conducting an operation against criminal groups and drug cartels. ](/news/2016/09/7/mexican-drug-war-a-gang-shoots-down-a-police-helicopter-near-apatzinga-n-michoaca-n-killing-four-people-the-police-had-been-conducting-a.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, police_
6. [Mexican international football player Alan Pulido, who plays for Olympiacos F.C., is kidnapped by masked men near his home in Ciudad Victoria, Tamaulipas. He is later rescued. ](/news/2016/05/29/mexican-international-football-player-alan-pulido-who-plays-for-olympiacos-f-c-is-kidnapped-by-masked-men-near-his-home-in-ciudad-victori.md) _Context: Mexico, Tamaulipas_
7. [Mexican Drug War: War on Drugs: Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-drug-war-war-on-drugs-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-f.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexico_
8. [Mexican Drug War: At least nine suspected cartel members are killed in gunfights with government forces during an anti-cartel operation in the city of Reynosa, Mexico. ](/news/2016/03/14/mexican-drug-war-at-least-nine-suspected-cartel-members-are-killed-in-gunfights-with-government-forces-during-an-anti-cartel-operation-in-t.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexico_
9. [Mexican Drug War: List of politicians killed in the Mexican Drug War: Gisela Mota Ocampo, mayor of Temixco in Mexico's Morelos state is assassinated by gunmen at her home, less than a day after taking office. Morelos Governor, Graco Ramirez, attributed Mota's killing to organized crime, without citing a particular drug cartel or gang. ](/news/2016/01/2/mexican-drug-war-list-of-politicians-killed-in-the-mexican-drug-war-gisela-mota-ocampo-mayor-of-temixco-in-mexico-s-morelos-state-is-assa.md) _Context: Mexican Drug War, Mexico_
10. [Ethan Couch, the so-called -affluenza- teen who violated probation for killing four people when driving while intoxicated when he disappeared from Tarrant County, Texas, is taken into custody in Mexico. Mexican officials will remand Couch and his mother, with whom he fled, to the U.S. Marshals Service. ](/news/2015/12/29/ethan-couch-the-so-called-affluenza-teen-who-violated-probation-for-killing-four-people-when-driving-while-intoxicated-when-he-disapp.md) _Context: Mexico, Texas_
