### [2013-04-2](/news/2013/04/2/index.md)

# Palestinian prisoners stage protests in Israeli jails as the Palestinian Authority accuses Israel of deliberately delaying the treatment of Maysara Abu Hamdiya, a prisoner who died of throat cancer. 

The Palestinian Authority accused Israel of deliberately delaying the treatment of the prisoner, a retired general who had throat cancer.


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2013/04/03/world/middleeast/palestinian-prisoners-in-israel-protest-after-inmate-dies.html)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli investigation brings evidence that a buried explosive device caused the Gaza beach blast in which seven Palestenian civilians were killed, rather than an artillery shelling as stated by the Hamas-led Palestenian government. A former Pentagon official paid by the Human Rights Watch organization asserts than an Israeli shelling caused the tragedy. United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan retracts earlier skeptic remarks he made on Israel's position on the incident. Sddeutsche Zeitung reports numerous flaws in the Palestenian footage from the beach, including a dead man later walking around. ](/news/2006/06/13/israeli-investigation-brings-evidence-that-a-buried-explosive-device-caused-the-gaza-beach-blast-in-which-seven-palestenian-civilians-were.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, Palestinian Authority_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:. Israel freezes the handover of West Bank Palestinian towns to the Palestinian Authority. Israel claims they will resume the handover process when militant groups are disarmed. The Prime Minister of Israel, Ariel Sharon, had agreed to hand over five West Bank towns to Palestinian control, but thus far has only handed over Tulkarm and Jericho. ](/news/2005/05/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-freezes-the-handover-of-west-bank-palestinian-towns-to-the-palestinian-authority-israel-claims-they.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, Palestinian Authority_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A truce is declared between Israel and the Palestinian Authority. Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, and Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel, shook hands at a four-way summit at Sharm el-Sheikh that was also attended by Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Jordan's King Abdullah. Palestinian organization Hamas says it is not bound by the ceasefire. ](/news/2005/02/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-truce-is-declared-between-israel-and-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palesti.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, Palestinian Authority_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. Israel releases 500 Palestinian prisoners, as a gesture of goodwill to the Palestinian Authority and to its chairman, Mahmoud Abbas. Israel plans to release another 400 Palestinian prisoners within the next 3 months. ](/news/2005/02/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-releases-500-palestinian-prisoners-as-a-gesture-of-goodwill-to-the-palestinian-authority-and-to-its.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, Palestinian Authority_
5. [The first synchrotron in the Middle East, SESAME, opens in Jordan, marking a rare cooperation between Iran, Israel, Turkey, and the Palestinian Authority. ](/news/2017/05/16/the-first-synchrotron-in-the-middle-east-sesame-opens-in-jordan-marking-a-rare-cooperation-between-iran-israel-turkey-and-the-palestin.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian Authority_
6. [An Israeli soldier is killed during a car ramming attack near Ofra, in the West Bank. Another Israeli soldier was injured. A Palestinian suspected of committing the attack is taken into custody. ](/news/2017/04/6/an-israeli-soldier-is-killed-during-a-car-ramming-attack-near-ofra-in-the-west-bank-another-israeli-soldier-was-injured-a-palestinian-sus.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
7. [ 2017 Jerusalem Light Rail stabbing. A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/2017-jerusalem-light-rail-stabbing-a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-tw.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present). Israel suspends 83,000 entry permits for Palestinians for Ramadan following a mass shooting in downtown Tel Aviv that killed four and injured 17 people. ](/news/2016/06/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-present-israel-suspends-83-000-entry-permits-for-palestinians-for-ramadan-following-a-mass-shooting.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present). June 2016 Tel Aviv shooting. Two Palestinian gunmen open fire in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv killing at least four people and injuring at least 18 others. The two gunmen are arrested. ](/news/2016/06/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-present-june-2016-tel-aviv-shooting-two-palestinian-gunmen-open-fire-in-the-israeli-city-of-tel-av.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
10. [Israel-Palestine relations. Israel temporarily bans all Palestinians from entering its territory until Sunday following the June 2016 Tel Aviv shooting. ](/news/2016/06/10/israel-palestine-relations-israel-temporarily-bans-all-palestinians-from-entering-its-territory-until-sunday-following-the-june-2016-tel.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
