### [2013-04-2](/news/2013/04/2/index.md)

# The Palestinian Islamic organization Hamas re-elects Khaled Meshaal as its leader. The group also passes a new law ordering gender segregation in Gaza's schools that will go into effect in September. 

Hamas passes new law ordering gender segregation in schools that will go into effect in September.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2013/04/201342101959704457.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/04/02/us-palestinians-hamas-idUSBRE93101Z20130402)
2. [Cover Image](http://www.aljazeera.com/mritems/Images/2013/4/2/201342104323682580_20.jpg)

### Related:

1. [A Palestinian woman is killed and another person is injured in the Gaza Strip by tank fire from Israel. Israel said it responded to mortar rounds and the discovery of another tunnel by Hamas. ](/news/2016/05/5/a-palestinian-woman-is-killed-and-another-person-is-injured-in-the-gaza-strip-by-tank-fire-from-israel-israel-said-it-responded-to-mortar-r.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Palestinian_
2. [Palestinian militants on the Gaza Strip tell Hamas that they will cease firing rockets at Israel in order to prevent an Israel Defense Forces offensive. ](/news/2011/01/12/palestinian-militants-on-the-gaza-strip-tell-hamas-that-they-will-cease-firing-rockets-at-israel-in-order-to-prevent-an-israel-defense-force.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Palestinian_
3. [ Hamas orders Palestinians in the Gaza Strip not to vote in a January election called by West Bank leader Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2009/10/28/hamas-orders-palestinians-in-the-gaza-strip-not-to-vote-in-a-january-election-called-by-west-bank-leader-mahmoud-abbas.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Palestinian_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue. IDF planes and artillery strike Gaza knocking out power to parts of the city, destroy a bridge in Beit Hanoun, fire missiles at a Fatah Youth Centre, an office and a refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip. Israeli troops later raided offices of Hamas and Islamic Jihad in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-idf-planes-and-artillery-strike-gaza-knocking-out-power-to.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Palestinian_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian targets continue, with the Israel Defense Forces firing missiles in Gaza, knocking out the power supply to the East of the city, the Khan Yunis refugee camp and Rafah. Hamas had earlier declared an end to rocket attacks following pressure from the Palestinian National Authority and Egypt. ](/news/2005/09/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-targets-continue-with-the-israel-defense-forces-firing-missiles-in-gaza-k.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Palestinian_
6. [ The Israeli Defense Force launches Operation First Rain, a series of air strikes on Palestinian targets in the Gaza Strip, including an alleged Hamas weapons factory and a children's school. According to Israel the operation's goal is to stop shelling of southern Israeli towns and villages by Palestinian militants, though several civilians have been injured, including an infant. At least 200 Palestinians have been arrested in overnight IDF raids in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/25/the-israeli-defense-force-launches-operation-first-rain-a-series-of-air-strikes-on-palestinian-targets-in-the-gaza-strip-including-an-all.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Palestinian_
7. [ Abdel Aziz al-Rantissi is chosen to lead Hamas in the Gaza Strip, and the movement's exiled politburo chief Khaled Meshaal is chosen as its overall leader. ](/news/2004/03/23/abdel-aziz-al-rantissi-is-chosen-to-lead-hamas-in-the-gaza-strip-and-the-movement-s-exiled-politburo-chief-khaled-meshaal-is-chosen-as-its.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Khaled Meshaal_
8. [Hamas, through Egyptian-mediated talks, agrees to dissolve its Gaza administration, hold talks with the Fatah West Bank government, and hold elections for a Palestinian unity government. ](/news/2017/09/17/hamas-through-egyptian-mediated-talks-agrees-to-dissolve-its-gaza-administration-hold-talks-with-the-fatah-west-bank-government-and-hold.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas_
9. [Hamas, which is seeking to reconcile with rival Palestinian organizations, elects former Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh its new leader, replacing term-limited Khaled Meshaal. Last week, Hamas dropped its longstanding call for Israel's destruction, and severed ties with the Muslim Brotherhood. ](/news/2017/05/6/hamas-which-is-seeking-to-reconcile-with-rival-palestinian-organizations-elects-former-prime-minister-ismail-haniyeh-its-new-leader-repla.md) _Context: Hamas, Khaled Meshaal_
10. [The Gaza Strip's sole power plant is shut down due to running out of fuel, amid unpaid bills and a dispute over tax bills on fuel imports to the blockaded Palestinian territory. ](/news/2017/04/16/the-gaza-strip-s-sole-power-plant-is-shut-down-due-to-running-out-of-fuel-amid-unpaid-bills-and-a-dispute-over-tax-bills-on-fuel-imports-to.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinian_
