### [2013-04-2](/news/2013/04/2/index.md)

# Three men are arrested for allegedly raping and robbing a foreign tourist on a minibus in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, amid concerns about security before the country hosts 2014 FIFA World Cup and the 2016 Summer Olympics. 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/americas/2013/04/20134265346342828.html)

### Related:

1. [More than 150 prominent scientists worldwide send a letter to World Health Organization Director-General Margaret Chan calling for the postponement or relocation of the Rio de Janeiro 2016 Summer Olympics because of the widening Zika virus outbreak in Brazil, despite U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Tom Frieden's statement yesterday that "there is no public health reason to cancel or delay the Olympics." ](/news/2016/05/27/more-than-150-prominent-scientists-worldwide-send-a-letter-to-world-health-organization-director-general-margaret-chan-calling-for-the-postp.md) _Context: Brazil, Olympics, Rio de Janeiro_
2. [At least two people are killed after an oceanfront stretch of an elevated bike lane in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, collapses when it was hit by a strong wave. Two other people were rescued alive, while another may be missing. The bike lane was among the projects built in preparation for the 2016 Summer Olympics. No Olympic event will be held on the path. ](/news/2016/04/21/at-least-two-people-are-killed-after-an-oceanfront-stretch-of-an-elevated-bike-lane-in-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-collapses-when-it-was-hit-by.md) _Context: Brazil, Olympics, Rio de Janeiro_
3. [Law enforcement in Brazil occupy Rocinha, Rio de Janeiro's biggest "favela" or slum, in a bid to clean the city ahead of the 2014 FIFA World Cup and 2016 Summer Olympics. ](/news/2011/11/13/law-enforcement-in-brazil-occupy-rocinha-rio-de-janeiro-s-biggest-favela-or-slum-in-a-bid-to-clean-the-city-ahead-of-the-2014-fifa-world.md) _Context: 2014 FIFA World Cup, Olympics, Rio de Janeiro_
4. [ The International Olympic Committee awards the 2016 Summer Olympics and the 2016 Summer Paralympics to Rio de Janeiro (Brazil). The other bidding cities were Chicago (United States), Tokyo (Japan) and Madrid (Spain). ](/news/2009/10/2/the-international-olympic-committee-awards-the-2016-summer-olympics-and-the-2016-summer-paralympics-to-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-the-other-b.md) _Context: Brazil, Olympics, Rio de Janeiro_
5. [The leader of the Australian delegation says the country's athletes would not be checking in at the athletes' village because it's unsafe for human habitation. Australian athletes have been staying at nearby Rio de Janeiro hotels. ](/news/2016/07/24/the-leader-of-the-australian-delegation-says-the-country-s-athletes-would-not-be-checking-in-at-the-athletes-village-because-it-s-unsafe-fo.md) _Context: Olympics, Rio de Janeiro_
6. [ Because of the risk of Zika virus infection, the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) recommends pregnant women consider not traveling to Brazil for the 2016 Summer Olympics in August, and/or for the 2016 Summer Paralympics the following month. ](/news/2016/02/26/because-of-the-risk-of-zika-virus-infection-the-u-s-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-cdc-recommends-pregnant-women-consider-n.md) _Context: Brazil, Olympics_
7. [In a five-day national dragnet last week, Operation Cross Check, the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) rounds up 2,059 people who had been convicted of crimes and had been living in the country illegally. Most were not violent criminals (none were implicated in terrorism; almost all the 912 misdemeanors were for driving under the influence, DWI; 476 of the felons were charged with an immigration violation, though some were convicted of manslaughter, robbery, rape, and child pornography). ](/news/2015/03/9/in-a-five-day-national-dragnet-last-week-operation-cross-check-the-u-s-immigration-and-customs-enforcement-ice-rounds-up-2-059-people-w.md) _Context: rape, robbery_
8. [Alleged Brazil serial killer, Sailson Jose das Gracas, confesses to 42 murders in Rio de Janeiro. ](/news/2014/12/11/alleged-brazil-serial-killer-sailson-jose-das-gracas-confesses-to-42-murders-in-rio-de-janeiro.md) _Context: Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
9. [Brazilian police clash with protestors angry over the cost of hosting the World Cup in the cities of Sao Paulo and Rio de Janeiro. ](/news/2014/05/16/brazilian-police-clash-with-protestors-angry-over-the-cost-of-hosting-the-world-cup-in-the-cities-of-sao-paulo-and-rio-de-janeiro.md) _Context: 2014 FIFA World Cup, Rio de Janeiro_
10. [Tens of thousands of Roman Catholics greet Pope Francis in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, during his first foreign trip as pontiff. ](/news/2013/07/23/tens-of-thousands-of-roman-catholics-greet-pope-francis-in-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-during-his-first-foreign-trip-as-pontiff.md) _Context: Brazil, Rio de Janeiro_
