### [2013-04-2](/news/2013/04/2/index.md)

# Tonya S. Bundick is charged in connection with seventy arsons in Virginia, United States. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/us/2013/04/02/woman-charged-in-most-recent-more-than-70-arsons-on-virginia-eastern-shore/)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. states of North Carolina and Virginia declare a state of emergency over gas shortages as a result of the Colonial pipeline leak in Shelby County, Alabama. ](/news/2016/09/19/the-u-s-states-of-north-carolina-and-virginia-declare-a-state-of-emergency-over-gas-shortages-as-a-result-of-the-colonial-pipeline-leak-in.md) _Context: United States, Virginia_
2. [Six people are killed and 10 injured when a van crashes in the U.S. state of Virginia. ](/news/2016/06/18/six-people-are-killed-and-10-injured-when-a-van-crashes-in-the-u-s-state-of-virginia.md) _Context: United States, Virginia_
3. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: United States, Virginia_
4. [The United States FBI foils an alleged plot by  white supremacists in Virginia who were  planning  a reign of terror -- shooting or bombing religious institutions, robbing jewelers and armored cars, purchasing land, stockpiling weapons, and training for the "coming race war." ](/news/2015/11/10/the-united-states-fbi-foils-an-alleged-plot-by-white-supremacists-in-virginia-who-were-planning-a-reign-of-terror-a-shooting-or-bombing.md) _Context: United States, Virginia_
5. [Health authorities in the United States say that 53 people in nine states have been sickened in a salmonella outbreak. California is the worst affected state with 31 cases with the other states with cases include Arizona, Illinois, Mississippi, New Mexico, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. ](/news/2015/05/21/health-authorities-in-the-united-states-say-that-53-people-in-nine-states-have-been-sickened-in-a-salmonella-outbreak-california-is-the-wor.md) _Context: United States, Virginia_
6. [Romanian hacker Guccifer is indicted in absentia in a federal court in the U.S. state of Virginia for hacking into the e-mails of American government officials and family members. ](/news/2014/06/13/romanian-hacker-guccifer-is-indicted-in-absentia-in-a-federal-court-in-the-u-s-state-of-virginia-for-hacking-into-the-e-mails-of-american-g.md) _Context: United States, Virginia_
7. [Voters in the US states of New Jersey and Virginia go to the polls in their gubernatorial elections, while voters in cities across the country also vote to choose their next mayor. ](/news/2013/11/5/voters-in-the-us-states-of-new-jersey-and-virginia-go-to-the-polls-in-their-gubernatorial-elections-while-voters-in-cities-across-the-count.md) _Context: United States, Virginia_
8. [A man suspected of a shooting at the New River Community College in Christiansburg, Virginia, United States, is charged with multiple counts of malicious wounding and use of a firearm during the commission of a felony, and held without bail. ](/news/2013/04/13/a-man-suspected-of-a-shooting-at-the-new-river-community-college-in-christiansburg-virginia-united-states-is-charged-with-multiple-counts.md) _Context: United States, Virginia_
9. [Police are tipped off when a posting on 4chan reveals plans to commit a mass shooting at New River Community College in Christiansburg, Virginia, United States. Two women are injured and a suspect is apprehended. ](/news/2013/04/12/police-are-tipped-off-when-a-posting-on-4chan-reveals-plans-to-commit-a-mass-shooting-at-new-river-community-college-in-christiansburg-virg.md) _Context: United States, Virginia_
10. [A shooting at Marine Corps Base Quantico in Virginia, United States, kills three people, including the suspected shooter. ](/news/2013/03/22/a-shooting-at-marine-corps-base-quantico-in-virginia-united-states-kills-three-people-including-the-suspected-shooter.md) _Context: United States, Virginia_
