### [2014-11-5](/news/2014/11/5/index.md)

# A vehicular attack in Jerusalem leaves one person dead and injures fourteen others as Hamas claims responsibility and calls for similar acts. 

Victim is Border Police officer from Druze village; another casualty in critical condition; police shoot and kill the attacker, a Hamas member from Shuafat


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/police-disperse-palestinians-jerusalem-site-26697715)
2. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/M/ML_ISRAEL_PALESTINIANS?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT&CTIME=2014-11-05-08-00-10)
3. [Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/driver-plows-into-jerusalem-crowd-in-suspected-terror-attack/)
3. [Cover Image](http://cdn.timesofisrael.com/uploads/2014/11/F141105YS01-e1415190015595.jpg)

### Related:

1. [In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the-three-palestinian-assailants.md) _Context: Hamas, Jerusalem_
2. [Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation" with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaza-will-fulfil-its-role-in-the-je.md) _Context: Hamas, Jerusalem_
3. [A Hamas member carries out a terrorist attack in Jerusalem by intentionally striking a group of pedestrians in a train station with his car killing a 3-month-old baby. ](/news/2014/10/23/a-hamas-member-carries-out-a-terrorist-attack-in-jerusalem-by-intentionally-striking-a-group-of-pedestrians-in-a-train-station-with-his-car.md) _Context: Hamas, Jerusalem_
4. [Hours before the expiration of the latest cease-fire Hamas claims responsibility for firing over 29 rockets into Israel reaching Jerusalem and Tel Aviv, Israel responds with airstrikes as the peace talks break down. ](/news/2014/08/19/hours-before-the-expiration-of-the-latest-cease-fire-hamas-claims-responsibility-for-firing-over-29-rockets-into-israel-reaching-jerusalem-a.md) _Context: Hamas, Jerusalem_
5. [Israeli police arrest Hamas MP Mohammed Abu Teir for breaking a law by staying within the borders of the state of Israel after being ordered to leave Jerusalem. ](/news/2010/06/30/israeli-police-arrest-hamas-mp-mohammed-abu-teir-for-breaking-a-law-by-staying-within-the-borders-of-the-state-of-israel-after-being-ordered.md) _Context: Hamas, Jerusalem_
6. [ Israeli police arrest and release Khaled Abu Arafa, minister of Jerusalem affairs in the new Hamas-led government of the Palestinian Authority. ](/news/2006/04/6/israeli-police-arrest-and-release-khaled-abu-arafa-minister-of-jerusalem-affairs-in-the-new-hamas-led-government-of-the-palestinian-author.md) _Context: Hamas, Jerusalem_
7. [ An Israeli citizen from an Israeli settlement east of Jerusalem was found murdered in Ramallah after Hamas killed the man they accused of being a member of the Shabak. ](/news/2005/09/26/an-israeli-citizen-from-an-israeli-settlement-east-of-jerusalem-was-found-murdered-in-ramallah-after-hamas-killed-the-man-they-accused-of-b.md) _Context: Hamas, Jerusalem_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel kills senior Hamas official, Ismail Abu Shanab, by a missile strike in the Gaza Strip and sent tanks into the West Bank towns of Nablus, Jenin and Tulkarem in response to a deadly suicide bombing of a bus in Jerusalem. In Hebron, troops destroy the terrorist bomber's home. Hamas and Islamic Jihad end their participation in the cease fire (in response to Israel's action from the two groups' bombing), declaring themselves as enemies to the peace plan, and vow further terrorist acts. The militants demand that Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, leave their area of control.](/news/2003/08/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-kills-senior-hamas-official-ismail-abu-shanab-by-a-missile-strike-in-the-gaza-strip-and-sent-tanks-i.md) _Context: Hamas, Jerusalem_
9. [ 20 killed, 136 wounded by an explosion on board an Israeli bus in Jerusalem. Among the victims are several children. The explosion was caused by a Palestinian suicide bomber. The Palestinian Islamic Jihad in Hebron claims responsibility for the attack. There are conflicting reports that Hamas is responsible for the bombing. Israeli government reportedly freezes road map for peace negotiations. In the following days, two additional victims died of their wounds, raising the death toll to 22., see also: Jerusalem bus 2 massacre](/news/2003/08/19/20-killed-136-wounded-by-an-explosion-on-board-an-israeli-bus-in-jerusalem-among-the-victims-are-several-children-the-explosion-was-caus.md) _Context: Hamas, Jerusalem_
10. [Hamas, through Egyptian-mediated talks, agrees to dissolve its Gaza administration, hold talks with the Fatah West Bank government, and hold elections for a Palestinian unity government. ](/news/2017/09/17/hamas-through-egyptian-mediated-talks-agrees-to-dissolve-its-gaza-administration-hold-talks-with-the-fatah-west-bank-government-and-hold.md) _Context: Hamas_
