### [2014-11-5](/news/2014/11/5/index.md)

# Israeli-Palestinian conflict:A vehicular attack in Jerusalem leaves one person dead and injures fourteen others as Hamas claims responsibility and calls for similar acts. 

Victim is Border Police officer from Druze village; another casualty in critical condition; police shoot and kill the attacker, a Hamas member from Shuafat


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/police-disperse-palestinians-jerusalem-site-26697715)
2. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/M/ML_ISRAEL_PALESTINIANS?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT&CTIME=2014-11-05-08-00-10)
3. [Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/driver-plows-into-jerusalem-crowd-in-suspected-terror-attack/)

### Related:

1. [Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation" with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaza-will-fulfil-its-role-in-the-je.md) _Context: Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jerusalem_
2. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jerusalem_
3. [In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the-three-palestinian-assailants.md) _Context: Hamas, Jerusalem_
4. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
5. [A Palestinian wielding an ax attacks an Israeli soldier near Hebron and is shot dead while two 12-year-old Palestinians in Jerusalem are arrested by Israeli Police with three knives concealed in their coats on suspicion of planning to carry out a stabbing attack. ](/news/2016/04/14/a-palestinian-wielding-an-ax-attacks-an-israeli-soldier-near-hebron-and-is-shot-dead-while-two-12-year-old-palestinians-in-jerusalem-are-arr.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jerusalem_
6. [A 10-year-old Palestinian boy and his 6-year-old sister in Gaza are killed by fragments from a missile fired by an Israeli aircraft targeting  four Hamas training camps after four missiles landed in open areas in southern Israel late yesterday. ](/news/2016/03/12/a-10-year-old-palestinian-boy-and-his-6-year-old-sister-in-gaza-are-killed-by-fragments-from-a-missile-fired-by-an-israeli-aircraft-targetin.md) _Context: Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
7. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu  prohibits all members of the Knesset (MKs) from visiting the Jerusalem site revered by Jews as the Temple Mount, and by Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary, in an attempt to calm several days of violence in the Old City. The prohibition applies to both Jewish and Muslim parliamentarians. ](/news/2015/10/8/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-prohibits-all-members-of-the-knesset-mks-from-visiting-the-jerusalem-site-revered-by-jews-as-th.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jerusalem_
8. [Israel destroys the homes of three Palestinian terrorists. Rassen and Udai abu-Jamal who committed the 2014 Jerusalem synagogue attack and Moatez Hijazi who committed the excavator rampage in Jerusalem during the 2014 Israel-Gaza conflict. ](/news/2015/10/6/israel-destroys-the-homes-of-three-palestinian-terrorists-rassen-and-udai-abu-jamal-who-committed-the-2014-jerusalem-synagogue-attack-and-m.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jerusalem_
9. [Stabbing attacks carried out by Palestinians in Jerusalem's Old City kill two Israeli civilians and injures three others. As a result, Israel bans Palestinians from entering the Old City for two days unless they live there. ](/news/2015/10/4/stabbing-attacks-carried-out-by-palestinians-in-jerusalem-s-old-city-kill-two-israeli-civilians-and-injures-three-others-as-a-result-israe.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Jerusalem_
10. [Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence.  ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapsed-a-nearby-house-killing-a-30-y.md) _Context: Hamas, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
