### [2006-10-4](/news/2006/10/4/index.md)

#  A United States Appeals Court in Cincinnati, Ohio rules that the U.S. government can continue to use its warrantless domestic wiretap program pending the Justice Department's appeal of a federal judge's ruling outlawing the program. 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/articlenews.aspx?type=domesticNews&storyID=2006-10-04T223112Z_01_N04262861_RTRUKOC_0_US-SECURITY-EAVESDROPPING.xml&WTmodLoc=Home-C5-domesticNews-3)

### Related:

1. [The United States Education and Justice Departments advise U.S. public school districts across the country to allow transgender students to use the bathrooms that match their gender identity, rather than their gender at birth. The new guidance comes as Justice and North Carolina battle in federal court over the state's new so-called bathroom bill. ](/news/2016/05/13/the-united-states-education-and-justice-departments-advise-u-s-public-school-districts-across-the-country-to-allow-transgender-students-to.md) _Context: U.S., U.S. Justice Department_
2. [In a letter to the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists, the United States Department of Justice announces it is opening a criminal investigation into tax avoidance schemes exposed by the Panama Papers with U.S. attorney Preet Bharara asking the ICIJ for help. ](/news/2016/04/20/in-a-letter-to-the-international-consortium-of-investigative-journalists-the-united-states-department-of-justice-announces-it-is-opening-a.md) _Context: U.S., U.S. Justice Department_
3. [Federal district court judge Richard Leon rules the National Security Agency's bulk collection of U.S. phone records is unconstitutional. This ruling has limited impact since it applies to only one case, and the NSA is scheduled to replace this protocol with a more targeted system the end of this month. ](/news/2015/11/9/federal-district-court-judge-richard-leon-rules-the-national-security-agencyas-bulk-collection-of-u-s-phone-records-is-unconstitutional.md) _Context: U.S., illegally monitoring_
4. [The United States Department of Justice charges five Chinese military officers with hacking into private-sector American companies in a bid for competitive advantage. ](/news/2014/05/19/the-united-states-department-of-justice-charges-five-chinese-military-officers-with-hacking-into-private-sector-american-companies-in-a-bid.md) _Context: U.S., U.S. Justice Department_
5. [The United States Justice Department joins a lawsuit against cyclist Lance Armstrong for allegedly defrauding the United States Postal Service by using money from it to buy performance-enhancing drugs. ](/news/2013/02/22/the-united-states-justice-department-joins-a-lawsuit-against-cyclist-lance-armstrong-for-allegedly-defrauding-the-united-states-postal-servi.md) _Context: U.S., U.S. Justice Department_
6. [ The United States Department of Justice and the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) launch a joint inquiry into the destruction of two CIA tapes of the interrogation of two suspected al-Qaeda terrorists. ](/news/2007/12/8/the-united-states-department-of-justice-and-the-central-intelligence-agency-cia-launch-a-joint-inquiry-into-the-destruction-of-two-cia-ta.md) _Context: U.S., U.S. Justice Department_
7. [ 25 people are injured on the Son of Beast wooden roller coaster near Cincinnati, Ohio, United States, as it came to a rapid stop. Several rescue units were sent to the scene. ](/news/2006/07/9/25-people-are-injured-on-the-son-of-beast-wooden-roller-coaster-near-cincinnati-ohio-united-states-as-it-came-to-a-rapid-stop-several-r.md) _Context: Cincinnati, Ohio, U.S._
8. [The U.S. Justice Department announces Roman Seleznev, the son of Russian parliament member Valery Seleznev, pleaded guilty in a $50 million identity theft probe. This past April, Seleznev was sentenced to 27 years in prison on 38 counts of hacking crimes. ](/news/2017/09/8/the-u-s-justice-department-announces-roman-seleznev-the-son-of-russian-parliament-member-valery-seleznev-pleaded-guilty-in-a-50-million.md) _Context: U.S. Justice Department_
9. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: U.S._
10. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: U.S._
