### [2006-10-4](/news/2006/10/4/index.md)

#  A United States Appeals Court in Cincinnati, Ohio rules that  the U.S. government can continue to use its warrantless domestic wiretap program pending the Justice Department's appeal of a federal judge's ruling outlawing the program. 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/articlenews.aspx?type=domesticNews&storyID=2006-10-04T223112Z_01_N04262861_RTRUKOC_0_US-SECURITY-EAVESDROPPING.xml&WTmodLoc=Home-C5-domesticNews-3)

### Related:

1. [The United States Education and Justice Departments advise U.S. public school districts across the country to allow transgender students to use the bathrooms that match their gender identity, rather than their gender at birth. The new guidance comes as  Justice and North Carolina battle in federal court over the state's new so-called bathroom bill. ](/news/2016/05/13/the-united-states-education-and-justice-departments-advise-u-s-public-school-districts-across-the-country-to-allow-transgender-students-to.md) _Context: Department of Justice, U.S._
2. [In a letter to the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists, the United States Department of Justice announces it is opening a criminal investigation into tax avoidance schemes exposed by the Panama Papers with U.S. attorney Preet Bharara asking the ICIJ for help. ](/news/2016/04/20/in-a-letter-to-the-international-consortium-of-investigative-journalists-the-united-states-department-of-justice-announces-it-is-opening-a.md) _Context: Department of Justice, U.S._
3. [Federal district court judge  Richard Leon rules the National Security Agency's bulk collection  of U.S. phone records is unconstitutional. This ruling  has limited impact since it applies to only one case, and the NSA is scheduled to replace this protocol with a more targeted system the end of this month. ](/news/2015/11/9/federal-district-court-judge-richard-leon-rules-the-national-security-agencyas-bulk-collection-of-u-s-phone-records-is-unconstitutional.md) _Context: U.S., bulk collection_
4. [China-United States relations:The United States Department of Justice charges five Chinese military officers with hacking into private-sector American companies in a bid for competitive advantage. ](/news/2014/05/19/chinaaunited-states-relations-pthe-united-states-department-of-justice-charges-five-chinese-military-officers-with-hacking-into-private-se.md) _Context: Department of Justice, U.S._
5. [The United States Justice Department joins a lawsuit against cyclist Lance Armstrong for allegedly defrauding the United States Postal Service by using money from it to buy performance-enhancing drugs. ](/news/2013/02/22/the-united-states-justice-department-joins-a-lawsuit-against-cyclist-lance-armstrong-for-allegedly-defrauding-the-united-states-postal-servi.md) _Context: Department of Justice, U.S._
6. [ The United States Department of Justice and the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) launch a joint inquiry into the destruction of two CIA tapes of the interrogation of two suspected al-Qaeda terrorists. ](/news/2007/12/8/the-united-states-department-of-justice-and-the-central-intelligence-agency-cia-launch-a-joint-inquiry-into-the-destruction-of-two-cia-ta.md) _Context: Department of Justice, U.S._
7. [ 25 people are injured on the Son of Beast wooden roller coaster near Cincinnati, Ohio, United States, as it came to a rapid stop. Several rescue units were sent to the scene. ](/news/2006/07/9/25-people-are-injured-on-the-son-of-beast-wooden-roller-coaster-near-cincinnati-ohio-united-states-as-it-came-to-a-rapid-stop-several-r.md) _Context: Cincinnati, Ohio, U.S._
8. [The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling  that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and  let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of  the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision  on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-may-25-ruling-that-affirmed-the.md) _Context: Department of Justice_
9. [The election between Democrat Jon Ossoff and Republican Karen Handel to replace the seat vacated by Tom Price becomes the most expensive congressional race in United States history. ](/news/2017/05/9/the-election-between-democrat-jon-ossoff-and-republican-karen-handel-to-replace-the-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-becomes-the-most-expensive-con.md) _Context: U.S._
10. [The U.S.-backed Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) says they will counter Iraq's mostly Iran-backed Popular Mobilization Forces (PMU) militants if the latter enters areas under SDF control, insisting that SDF will never accept the presence of Iran and SDF will never under any circumstances act as a bridge between PMU and the Syria's Assad regime. ](/news/2017/05/31/the-u-s-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-says-they-will-counter-iraqas-mostly-iran-backed-popular-mobilization-forces-pmu-militant.md) _Context: U.S._
