### [2010-12-27](/news/2010/12/27/index.md)

# Alassane Ouattara, the internationally-recognised winner of the presidential election in Cte d'Ivoire, calls for a general strike to force Laurent Gbagbo, who is refusing to cede power, to step down. 

Political parties loyal to Ivory Coast presidential claimant Alassane Ouattara call a general strike to force incumbent Laurent Gbagbo to cede power.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-12081492)

### Related:

1. [A swearing-in ceremony for Laurent Gbagbo takes place in Cte d'Ivoire, although world leaders and the election commission back Alassane Ouattara as winner of the presidential election. ](/news/2010/12/4/a-swearing-in-ceremony-for-laurent-gbagbo-takes-place-in-cote-d-ivoire-although-world-leaders-and-the-election-commission-back-alassane-oua.md) _Context: 2010 presidential election, Alassane Ouattara, Cte d'Ivoire, Laurent Gbagbo_
2. [The Ivory Coast Constitutional Council confirms that Alassane Ouattara won the 2010 presidential election reversing a decision that had found in favour of the previous incumbent Laurent Gbagbo. That original decision (now reversed) had sparked a brief war. ](/news/2011/05/5/the-ivory-coast-constitutional-council-confirms-that-alassane-ouattara-won-the-2010-presidential-election-reversing-a-decision-that-had-foun.md) _Context: 2010 presidential election, Alassane Ouattara, Laurent Gbagbo_
3. [Mass graves are discovered in Cte d'Ivoire amid other political violence as United Nations peacekeepers come under increased tension in the country when allies of Alassane Ouattara call for a forceful removal of Laurent Gbagbo. ](/news/2011/01/1/mass-graves-are-discovered-in-cote-d-ivoire-amid-other-political-violence-as-united-nations-peacekeepers-come-under-increased-tension-in-the.md) _Context: Alassane Ouattara, Cte d'Ivoire, Laurent Gbagbo_
4. [Incumbent president Laurent Gbagbo is ruled as the election winner in the Cte d'Ivoire after the constitutional court overturns provisional results which favoured opposition candidate, former prime minister Alassane Ouattara. ](/news/2010/12/3/incumbent-president-laurent-gbagbo-is-ruled-as-the-election-winner-in-the-cote-d-ivoire-after-the-constitutional-court-overturns-provisional.md) _Context: Alassane Ouattara, Cte d'Ivoire, Laurent Gbagbo_
5. [Ivory Coasts' election commission in Cte d'Ivoire declares Alassane Ouattara the winner of the Ivorian presidential election but the Constitutional Council declares the announcement invalid as it missed the deadline to announce the results. ](/news/2010/12/2/ivory-coasts-election-commission-in-cote-d-ivoire-declares-alassane-ouattara-the-winner-of-the-ivorian-presidential-election-but-the-consti.md) _Context: 2010 presidential election, Alassane Ouattara, Cte d'Ivoire_
6. [The Ivory Coast presidential election will go to a second round with President Laurent Gbagbo facing opposition leader Alassane Ouattara. ](/news/2010/11/6/the-ivory-coast-presidential-election-will-go-to-a-second-round-with-president-laurent-gbagbo-facing-opposition-leader-alassane-ouattara.md) _Context: 2010 presidential election, Alassane Ouattara, Laurent Gbagbo_
7. [Cte d'Ivoire President Laurent Gbagbo declares a curfew, amid clashes that killed three people ahead of the second round of the presidential election on Sunday. ](/news/2010/11/27/cote-d-ivoire-president-laurent-gbagbo-declares-a-curfew-amid-clashes-that-killed-three-people-ahead-of-the-second-round-of-the-presidentia.md) _Context: 2010 presidential election, Cte d'Ivoire, Laurent Gbagbo_
8. [ In Cte d'Ivoire, opposition leader Alassane Ouattara welcomes President Laurent Gbagbo's decision to let him contest elections. South African president Thabo Mbeki welcomes it as well. ](/news/2005/04/27/in-cote-d-ivoire-opposition-leader-alassane-ouattara-welcomes-president-laurent-gbagbo-s-decision-to-let-him-contest-elections-south-afri.md) _Context: Alassane Ouattara, Cte d'Ivoire, Laurent Gbagbo_
9. [Former Cte d'Ivoire President Laurent Gbagbo appears before the International Criminal Court to face charges of crimes against humanity. ](/news/2011/12/5/former-cote-d-ivoire-president-laurent-gbagbo-appears-before-the-international-criminal-court-to-face-charges-of-crimes-against-humanity.md) _Context: Cte d'Ivoire, Laurent Gbagbo_
10. [It is announced that Laurent Gbagbo, the former President of Cte d'Ivoire, has been transferred to the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands, to face trial for crimes against humanity. ](/news/2011/11/30/it-is-announced-that-laurent-gbagbo-the-former-president-of-cote-d-ivoire-has-been-transferred-to-the-international-criminal-court-in-the.md) _Context: Cte d'Ivoire, Laurent Gbagbo_
