### [2010-12-27](/news/2010/12/27/index.md)

# Bus drivers announce a strike action in response to the 83 per cent increase in the price of gasoline and the 73 per cent increase in the price of diesel fuel announced by Bolivian Vice-President lvaro Garca Linera on Sunday. 

After government cuts petrol subsidies in South American nation, drivers announce open-ended protest against price hike.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/americas/2010/12/20101227235829302953.html)

### Related:

1. [ Bolivian police kill three people - Hungarian Eduardo Rzsa-Flores, Irishman Michael Martin Dwyer, and Romanian Magyarosi Arpak - and arrest two others over an alleged plot to assassinate President Evo Morales and Vice President lvaro Garca Linera. ](/news/2009/04/16/bolivian-police-kill-three-people-hungarian-eduardo-rozsa-flores-irishman-michael-martin-dwyer-and-romanian-magyarosi-arpak-and-arres.md) _Context: Bolivia, Vice-President, lvaro Garca Linera_
2. [ Bolivia holds a Vote of confidence referendum over whether the president, vice president and most prefects should face re-election. Unofficial results indicate that President Evo Morales has won a decisive mandate.](/news/2008/08/10/bolivia-holds-a-vote-of-confidence-referendum-over-whether-the-president-vice-president-and-most-prefects-should-face-re-election-unoffic.md) _Context: Bolivia, Vice-President_
3. [ Tens of thousands of Spanish truck drivers start an indefinite strike over the increases in the price of diesel. ](/news/2008/06/9/tens-of-thousands-of-spanish-truck-drivers-start-an-indefinite-strike-over-the-increases-in-the-price-of-diesel.md) _Context: diesel fuel, strike_
4. [ Current Bolivian Minister of Hydrocarbons Andres Soliz Rada asks Bolivia-s chief prosecutor to issue charges against former heads of Enron, its subsidiary Prisma Energy International, former President of Bolivia Gonzalo Sanchez de Lozada, former Vice President Victor Hugo Cardenas, former Enron director for Bolivia Peter E. Weidler, several ministers during Sanchez's 1993-1997 presidency, and former executives of Bolivia's state oil company for -contracts damaging to the state, contravening the constitution and falsification of contracts.- Lozada is charged with genocide for his role in the Bolivian Gas War. ](/news/2006/06/24/current-bolivian-minister-of-hydrocarbons-andra-c-s-soliz-rada-asks-bolivia-s-chief-prosecutor-to-issue-charges-against-former-heads-of-enr.md) _Context: Bolivia, Vice-President_
5. [Following a start-of-year hike to the price of gas, widespread riots and looting mostly targeting gas stations, supermarkets and department stores take place in several cities in Mexico. Over 250 people are said to have been arrested so far while blockades to PEMEX installations potentially lead to critical situations in some states. ](/news/2017/01/5/following-a-start-of-year-hike-to-the-price-of-gas-widespread-riots-and-looting-mostly-targeting-gas-stations-supermarkets-and-department.md) _Context: gas_
6. [United Nations Security Council election, 2016: Bolivia, Ethiopia, Italy, Kazakhstan, and Sweden begin their terms on the United Nations Security Council, replacing Angola, Malaysia, New Zealand, Spain, and Venezuela. ](/news/2017/01/1/united-nations-security-council-election-2016-bolivia-ethiopia-italy-kazakhstan-and-sweden-begin-their-terms-on-the-united-nations-sec.md) _Context: Bolivia_
7. [2016-17 North American winter: Two people are killed and at least 15 are hospitalized following a 55-vehicle accident, involving a gas tanker explosion, on Interstate 95 in Baltimore, Maryland, as cold air causes rain and wet roads to freeze across the Eastern U.S. Three other deaths are reported from other accidents in the Baltimore-Washington, D.C. area. At least six people have been killed in total on icy roads. ](/news/2016/12/17/2016-17-north-american-winter-two-people-are-killed-and-at-least-15-are-hospitalized-following-a-55-vehicle-accident-involving-a-gas-tan.md) _Context: gas_
8. [LaMia Flight 2933: Bolivia's aviation authority suspends the operating license of LaMia. Investigation into the crash in Colombia, which killed 71 people, continues. ](/news/2016/12/1/lamia-flight-2933-bolivia-s-aviation-authority-suspends-the-operating-license-of-lamia-investigation-into-the-crash-in-colombia-which-kil.md) _Context: Bolivia_
9. [Non-aligned Movement: Around ten heads of state attend the 17th Non-aligned Movement summit in Isla Margarita, Venezuela, including Evo Morales of Bolivia, Raul Castro of Cuba, Rafael Correa of Ecuador, Hassan Rouhani of Iran, Mahmoud Abbas of the State of Palestine, Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, and Venezuela's president Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/09/17/non-aligned-movement-around-ten-heads-of-state-attend-the-17th-non-aligned-movement-summit-in-isla-margarita-venezuela-including-evo-mora.md) _Context: Bolivia_
10. [Bolivia's deputy interior minister, Rodolfo Illanes, is kidnapped and beaten to death by striking miners. ](/news/2016/08/26/bolivia-s-deputy-interior-minister-rodolfo-illanes-is-kidnapped-and-beaten-to-death-by-striking-miners.md) _Context: Bolivia_
