### [2010-12-27](/news/2010/12/27/index.md)

# The Lebanese army claims that Israeli Air Force planes violated Lebanon's airspace several times, in violation of the United Nations Security Council Resolution, which ended the Israeli-Lebanese war of 2006 between Lebanese-based Islamic militant group Hezbollah and Israel. 

Lebanon stresses breach constitutes violation of UN Security Council Resolution 1701, which ended Second Lebanon War in 2006. 


### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/news/diplomacy-defense/lebanon-army-says-iaf-jets-violated-country-s-airspace-1.333366)

### Related:

1. [ Hezbollah transfers the bodies of captured Israeli soldiers, Ehud Goldwasser and Eldad Regev, in exchange for the Lebanese convicted murderer Samir Kuntar, four other Hezbollah militants captured by Israel during the 2006 Lebanon War (Khaled Zidan, Maher Kurani, Mohammed Sarur and Hussein Suleiman), and the bodies of 200 Lebanese and Palestinians.](/news/2008/07/16/hezbollah-transfers-the-bodies-of-captured-israeli-soldiers-ehud-goldwasser-and-eldad-regev-in-exchange-for-the-lebanese-convicted-murder.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Israeli-Lebanese war of 2006, Lebanon_
2. [ Heavy exchanges of fire in the Israeli-Lebanese border. Hezbollah fired at least 9 mortar shells or Katyusha rockets on outposts in the disputed Shebaa Farms. The IDF retaliated by artillery fire and IAF aircraft bombed 3 Hezbollah positions. Israel maintains that Lebanon bears full responsibility for the border attacks, committed by Hezbollah and local Palestinian groups, while Hezbollah maintain that they are acting in retaliation for Israeli attacks on Lebanese territory including a hit on civilian houses in the village of Kfar Shouba. ](/news/2005/05/13/heavy-exchanges-of-fire-in-the-israeli-lebanese-border-hezbollah-fired-at-least-9-mortar-shells-or-katyusha-rockets-on-outposts-in-the-dis.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Israeli Air Force, Lebanon_
3. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israeli Air Force, Lebanon_
4. [A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-national-defence-force.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Lebanon_
5. [The Israeli Air Force reportedly conducts an airstrike near Damascus International Airport, in Syria's capital, the target apparently a weapons shipment reportedly intended for Lebanese terrorist organization Hezbollah, according to Syrian opposition groups. ](/news/2015/11/11/the-israeli-air-force-reportedly-conducts-an-airstrike-near-damascus-international-airport-in-syria-s-capital-the-target-apparently-a-weap.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israeli Air Force, Lebanon_
6. [The Israeli Air Force shoots down a Hezbollah drone from Lebanon off the coast of Haifa. ](/news/2013/04/25/the-israeli-air-force-shoots-down-a-hezbollah-drone-from-lebanon-off-the-coast-of-haifa.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israeli Air Force, Lebanon_
7. [Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah announces Monday as the day he will present evidence reputed to implicate Israel in the 2005 car bomb assassination of then Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafiq Hariri. ](/news/2010/08/7/hezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-announces-monday-as-the-day-he-will-present-evidence-reputed-to-implicate-israel-in-the-2005-car-bomb-assa.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Lebanon_
8. [Israel's Foreign Ministry alleges Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah's press conference yesterday, in which he stated he has evidence that implicates Israel in the 2005 assassination of former Prime Minister of Lebanon Rafic Hariri and 22 others, was full of "ridiculous lies". ](/news/2010/08/10/israel-s-foreign-ministry-alleges-hezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-s-press-conference-yesterday-in-which-he-stated-he-has-evidence-that-im.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Lebanon_
9. [Hezbollah warns Israel on gas fields being claimed by both Israel and Lebanon. ](/news/2010/06/13/hezbollah-warns-israel-on-gas-fields-being-claimed-by-both-israel-and-lebanon.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Lebanon_
10. [ 2008-2009 Israel-Gaza conflict: Several rockets fired from Lebanon strike the Israeli city of Nahariya. Hezbollah denies responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2009/01/8/2008a2009-israelagaza-conflict-p-several-rockets-fired-from-lebanon-strike-the-israeli-city-of-nahariya-hezbollah-denies-responsibilit.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Lebanon_
