### [2016-12-4](/news/2016/12/4/index.md)

# Insurgency in the North Caucasus. The Russian Federal Security Service claims to have killed Rustam Asildarov, the leader of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's Caucasus Province and four other militants in the Dagestan region. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo! News Australia](https://au.news.yahoo.com/world/a/33405994/russian-security-service-says-killed-north-caucasus-islamic-state-emir/#page1)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/12/04/europe/russia-isis-affiliate-cell-leader-killed-dagestan/)
3. [RFERL](http://www.rferl.org/a/daghestan-aselderov-killed-is-militant-fsb-russia/28154860.html)

### Related:

1. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus. At least eight unidentified militants and one security officer are killed in ongoing clashes in rural Dagestan, Russia. ](/news/2016/07/8/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-at-least-eight-unidentified-militants-and-one-security-officer-are-killed-in-ongoing-clashes-in-rural-dage.md) _Context: Dagestan, Federal Security Service, Insurgency in the North Caucasus, Russia_
2. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: Federal Security Service, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Russia_
3. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus. At least three suspected militants are killed by Russian security forces during a firefight in Khasavyurt, Dagestan. ](/news/2017/01/29/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-at-least-three-suspected-militants-are-killed-by-russian-security-forces-during-a-firefight-in-khasavyurt.md) _Context: Dagestan, Insurgency in the North Caucasus, Russia_
4. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus. A car bomb kills two policemen at a checkpoint in Russia's republic of Dagestan. ](/news/2016/02/15/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-a-car-bomb-kills-two-policemen-at-a-checkpoint-in-russia-s-republic-of-dagestan.md) _Context: Dagestan, Insurgency in the North Caucasus, Russia_
5. [The Associated Press reports that Russia's crackdown on Muslims is fueling their exodus to ISIS. For example, Russia's southernmost republic of Dagestan keeps devout Muslims under surveillance, routinely raids their homes, and hauls them to police stations to give DNA samples and fingerprints. Regional police say nearly a third of the estimated 3,000 Russians who are believed to have gone to fight alongside IS militants in Syria are from Dagestan. The AP added, "Few efforts are made by Russian authorities to stop young men from leaving." ](/news/2015/11/25/the-associated-press-reports-that-russia-s-crackdown-on-muslims-is-fueling-their-exodus-to-isis-for-example-russia-s-southernmost-republic.md) _Context: Dagestan, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Russia_
6. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus. Russian special forces kill 10 ISIS-linked militants in a counter-terrorist operation in a mountainous region near the city of Nalchik in Russia-s North Caucasus. ](/news/2015/11/22/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-russian-special-forces-kill-10-isis-linked-militants-in-a-counter-terrorist-operation-in-a-mountainous-reg.md) _Context: Insurgency in the North Caucasus, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Russia_
7. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus:. Seven suspected militants are killed by Russian security forces in a shootout near Makhachkala in Dagestan. ](/news/2014/01/18/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-seven-suspected-militants-are-killed-by-russian-security-forces-in-a-shootout-near-makhachkala-in-dagesta.md) _Context: Dagestan, Insurgency in the North Caucasus, Russia_
8. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus:. A female suicide bomber injures at least 11 police officers and civilians, including two children, in Makhachkala in the southern Russian republic of Dagestan. ](/news/2013/05/25/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-a-female-suicide-bomber-injures-at-least-11-police-officers-and-civilians-including-two-children-in-mak.md) _Context: Dagestan, Insurgency in the North Caucasus, Russia_
9. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus:. A bomb detonates in a busy shopping center in Makhachkala, Dagestan, Russia, killing 3 and injuring 2 others. ](/news/2013/05/1/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-a-bomb-detonates-in-a-busy-shopping-center-in-makhachkala-dagestan-russia-killing-3-and-injuring-2-oth.md) _Context: Dagestan, Insurgency in the North Caucasus, Russia_
10. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus:. Four police officers are killed and five injured after a suicide bombing in the Russian republic of Dagestan. ](/news/2013/02/14/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-four-police-officers-are-killed-and-five-injured-after-a-suicide-bombing-in-the-russian-republic-of-dages.md) _Context: Dagestan, Insurgency in the North Caucasus, Russia_
