### [2013-12-24](/news/2013/12/24/index.md)

# 2013 South Sudanese political crisis:The United Nations says that they have discovered a mass grave containing 75 bodies in Unity State, and two other mass graves have been reported in Juba. 

Leaders warned they may be held to account over deaths as fears of ethnic killings increase 


### Source:

1. [Channel 4 News](http://www.channel4.com/news/un-poised-to-send-more-peacekeepers-to-south-sudan)
2. [Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/news/world/africa/un-says-mass-graves-discovered-in-south-sudan-1.1637346)

### Related:

1. [The World Food Programme (WFP) and other United Nations agencies declare that there is a famine in parts of Unity State, South Sudan, with 100,000 facing starvation and another million on the brink of famine. ](/news/2017/02/20/the-world-food-programme-wfp-and-other-united-nations-agencies-declare-that-there-is-a-famine-in-parts-of-unity-state-south-sudan-with-1.md) _Context: United Nations, Unity State_
2. [2013 South Sudanese political crisis:At least 500 people have been killed in fighting since 14 December 2013, according to the United Nations. ](/news/2013/12/19/2013-south-sudanese-political-crisis-pat-least-500-people-have-been-killed-in-fighting-since-14-december-2013-according-to-the-united-natio.md) _Context: 2013 South Sudanese political crisis, United Nations_
3. [2013 South Sudanese political crisis:The United Nations says that 400 to 500 people may have been killed and up to 800 wounded in recent attacks in the country. ](/news/2013/12/18/2013-south-sudanese-political-crisis-pthe-united-nations-says-that-400-to-500-people-may-have-been-killed-and-up-to-800-wounded-in-recent-at.md) _Context: 2013 South Sudanese political crisis, United Nations_
4. [2013 South Sudanese political crisis:Heavy gunfire and explosions are reported in Juba, the capital of South Sudan. The government says it has quelled an attempted coup. ](/news/2013/12/16/2013-south-sudanese-political-crisis-pheavy-gunfire-and-explosions-are-reported-in-juba-the-capital-of-south-sudan-the-government-says-it.md) _Context: 2013 South Sudanese political crisis, Juba_
5. [Two North Korean shipments to a Syrian government agency of its chemical weapons program were intercepted in the past 6 months, according to a confidential United Nations report on violations of North Korea's sactions. ](/news/2017/08/21/two-north-korean-shipments-to-a-syrian-government-agency-of-its-chemical-weapons-program-were-intercepted-in-the-past-6-months-according-to.md) _Context: United Nations_
6. [According to the United Nations, the Philippines has the largest increase in HIV/AIDS in the Asia Pacific region with about a 140% increase in cases from 2010 until 2016 possibly causing a 'national emergency.' ](/news/2017/08/1/according-to-the-united-nations-the-philippines-has-the-largest-increase-in-hiv-aids-in-the-asia-pacific-region-with-about-a-140-increase.md) _Context: United Nations_
7. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
8. [Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to-the-united-nations-following-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [The United Nations confirms that the FARC has completed its disarmament process, with former rebels due to make the transition to civilian life and the group to transform into a legal political party in the country. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-united-nations-confirms-that-the-farc-has-completed-its-disarmament-process-with-former-rebels-due-to-make-the-transition-to-civilian-l.md) _Context: United Nations_
