### [2006-06-17](/news/2006/06/17/index.md)

#  Avian influenza: The EU Community Reference Laboratory for Avian Influenza in Weybridge, UK, confirms that birds sent from Hungary after investigations began on June 9 in Kiskunmajsa, a region where a significant amount of poultry is farmed, tested positive for the H5N1 strain of the virus. This is the first time that the virus has been found in Hungary.




### Related:

1. [ Avian influenza: The British  Community Reference Laboratory for Avian Influenza in Weybridge confirms that swans found near Orahovica, Croatia, were infected by the H5N1 flu strain. ](/news/2005/10/26/avian-influenza-p-the-british-community-reference-laboratory-for-avian-influenza-in-weybridge-confirms-that-swans-found-near-orahovica-cr.md) _Context: Avian flu virus, Britain, Weybridge_
2. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Britain, Hungary_
3. [ The first case of avian influenza (bird flu) has been discovered in the United Kingdom from a South American parrot. Tests are being carried out on the parrot, which died in quarantine, to determine whether it had the H5N1 strain of the virus. ](/news/2005/10/22/the-first-case-of-avian-influenza-bird-flu-has-been-discovered-in-the-united-kingdom-from-a-south-american-parrot-tests-are-being-carrie.md) _Context: Avian flu virus, Britain_
4. [The United Kingdom announces it is withdrawing from the 1964 London Fisheries Convention, which allows several European countries to fish within 6 to 12 nautical miles of each other's coastlines. ](/news/2017/07/2/the-united-kingdom-announces-it-is-withdrawing-from-the-1964-london-fisheries-convention-which-allows-several-european-countries-to-fish-wi.md) _Context: Britain_
5. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, Britain, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: Britain_
6. [The United Kingdom and Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation sponsor a summit that plans on raising funds for family planning in developing countries. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-united-kingdom-and-bill-melinda-gates-foundation-sponsor-a-summit-that-plans-on-raising-funds-for-family-planning-in-developing-countr.md) _Context: Britain_
7. [The Trump Administration announces this year's Presidential state visit to the U.K. is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting.  ](/news/2017/07/11/the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-u-k-is-delayed-until-at-least-2018-both-the-white-house-and.md) _Context: Britain_
8. [Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-conservatives-battling-in-a-tight-race.md) _Context: Britain_
9. [Protests mark the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty over Hong Kong to China from the United Kingdom alongside the arrival of Chinese President Xi Jinping. ](/news/2017/06/29/protests-mark-the-20th-anniversary-of-the-transfer-of-sovereignty-over-hong-kong-to-china-from-the-united-kingdom-alongside-the-arrival-of-c.md) _Context: Britain_
10. [UK Prime Minister Theresa May announces that citizens of the European Union living in the United Kingdom will be able to acquire a "UK settled status" after the UK leaves the EU. ](/news/2017/06/22/uk-prime-minister-theresa-may-announces-that-citizens-of-the-european-union-living-in-the-united-kingdom-will-be-able-to-acquire-a-uk-settl.md) _Context: Britain_
