### [2012-11-8](/news/2012/11/8/index.md)

# Syrian civil war: Syrian President Bashar al-Assad rejects an offer to safely leave Syria and vows to "live and die" in the country. 

Syrian President Bashar al-Assad vowed in an interview released today that he will &quot;live and die&quot; in his home country, as the crisis that has left at least 36,000 dead mounts to the point that the Red Cross says it is struggling to gain access to prisoners.


### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/news/world/story/2012/11/08/syria-assad-red-cross.html)

### Related:

1. [Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated. Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterday-the-united-stat.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
2. [U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says new talks aimed to help end Syria's war shouldn't be held up by wrangling over whether President Bashar Assad stays or goes. ](/news/2015/10/31/u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-new-talks-aimed-to-help-end-syria-s-war-shouldn-t-be-held-up-by-wrangling-over-whether-president-bas.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [The Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons says, for the first time, that they suspect Syrian President Bashar al-Assad and other senior officials of the Syrian government are responsible for the use of chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/01/13/the-organisation-for-the-prohibition-of-chemical-weapons-says-for-the-first-time-that-they-suspect-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-and-ot.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syrian Civil War_
4. [ A group of German lawyers files a criminal complaint in Berlin against Syrian President Bashar al-Assad for alleged war crimes committed by his forces and foreign allies during the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2016/11/28/a-group-of-german-lawyers-files-a-criminal-complaint-in-berlin-against-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-for-alleged-war-crimes-committed-by.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syrian Civil War_
5. [At least 75 Syrian Army soldiers and pro-Assad militiamen are killed following a multi-front attack on the eastern Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL fighters had advanced into the northern tip of Deir ez-Zor city, and captured the suburb of Al-Baghaliyeh. The pro-government Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA) reports that government forces had repelled an attack on the city leaving dozens of militants dead. ](/news/2016/01/16/at-least-75-syrian-army-soldiers-and-pro-assad-militiamen-are-killed-following-a-multi-front-attack-on-the-eastern-syrian-city-of-deir-ez-zo.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Russia expands its military presence in Syria with an additional airbase that can accommodate fixed-winged military aircraft. The U.S. Department of Defense also confirms that Russia added S-400 surface-to-air missiles to its Syrian stockpile and armed its military aircraft with air-to-air missiles. According to Military Times, "A Pentagon spokesman expressed concern" these moves indicate Russia's commitment to aiding the embattled Assad regime as opposed to combating ISIL. No Syrian opposition groups including ISIL have combat-ready aircraft that require air-to-air missiles. ](/news/2015/12/2/russia-expands-its-military-presence-in-syria-with-an-additional-airbase-that-can-accommodate-fixed-winged-military-aircraft-the-u-s-depar.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian President Bashar al-Assad says he will not negotiate with armed groups, a day after the Syrian opposition's multi-group, two-day meeting in Riyadh agreed on a framework for future negotiations to end the conflict. Assad's statement also appears to put a damper on peace talks Russia and the United States are working to set up. ](/news/2015/12/11/syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-says-he-will-not-negotiate-with-armed-groups-a-day-after-the-syrian-opposition-s-multi-group-two-day-meet.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian President Bashar al-Assad says reforms in Syria are unlikely until all of the government's armed opponents are vanquished. The country will continue to send representatives to peace negotiations sponsored by Moscow, but rule out negotiations with the Western-backed groups opposing his government. ](/news/2015/10/4/syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-says-reforms-in-syria-are-unlikely-until-all-of-the-governmentas-armed-opponents-are-vanquished-the-coun.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [The President of Syria Bashar al-Assad visits Moscow for talks with the President of Russia Vladimir Putin in an unannounced visit. ](/news/2015/10/21/the-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-visits-moscow-for-talks-with-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-in-an-unannounced-visit.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, President, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Russian President Vladimir Putin confirms that Russia is providing military aid in Syrian Civil War in support of the Bashar al-Assad regime and is providing heavy weapons, aircraft, tanks, serious training and logistical support to the Syrian Army. ](/news/2015/09/4/russian-president-vladimir-putin-confirms-that-russia-is-providing-military-aid-in-syrian-civil-war-in-support-of-the-bashar-al-assad-regime.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
