### [2012-11-8](/news/2012/11/8/index.md)

# The 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China is opened in Beijing, during which current Paramount Leader Hu Jintao is expected to step down to make way for presumptive leader Xi Jinping. 

Chinese President Hu Jintao warns starkly on corruption as the ruling Communist Party begins a once-in-a-decade power transfer.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-china-20233101)
2. [Los Angeles Times](http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/world_now/2012/11/tibetans-china-communist-party-congress-protests.html)

### Related:

1. [Reuters calls Xi Jinping China's "next leader". Hu Chunhua reportedly misses a promotion to the Politburo Standing Committee in an expected power transition at or around the 18th Congress of the Communist Party of China. ](/news/2012/09/4/reuters-calls-xi-jinping-china-s-next-leader-hu-chunhua-reportedly-misses-a-promotion-to-the-politburo-standing-committee-in-an-expected.md) _Context: 18th National Congress, Communist Party of China, Xi Jinping_
2. [ General Secretary Hu Jintao of the Communist Party in the People's Republic of China and Nationalist Party Chairman Wu Poh-hsiung in Taiwan meet in Beijing to discuss cross-Strait relations. ](/news/2009/05/26/general-secretary-hu-jintao-of-the-communist-party-in-the-people-s-republic-of-china-and-nationalist-party-chairman-wu-poh-hsiung-in-taiwan.md) _Context: Beijing, Communist Party of China, Hu Jintao_
3. [ At the 11th National People's Congress, Hu Jintao is elected to a second term as the President of China, and Xi Jinping is elected Vice-President. ](/news/2008/03/15/at-the-11th-national-people-s-congress-hu-jintao-is-elected-to-a-second-term-as-the-president-of-china-and-xi-jinping-is-elected-vice-pre.md) _Context: China, Hu Jintao, Xi Jinping_
4. [ Four new members join the Politburo Standing Committee of the Communist Party of China, China's "de facto" top power organ. They are Xi Jinping, Li Keqiang, He Guoqiang and Zhou Yongkang. President Hu Jintao and Premier Wen Jiabao retain their seats. ](/news/2007/10/22/four-new-members-join-the-politburo-standing-committee-of-the-communist-party-of-china-china-s-de-facto-top-power-organ-they-are-xi-jin.md) _Context: Communist Party of China, Hu Jintao, Xi Jinping_
5. [ The 17th National Congress of the Communist Party of China opens in Beijing, China, marking the beginning of a 7-day conclave of China's top leadership. General Secretary Hu Jintao delivers the work report for the past five years, and sets the party's direction in the coming five years. Hu also said in the keynote speech that the Communist Party has "fallen short of the people's expectations". ](/news/2007/10/15/the-17th-national-congress-of-the-communist-party-of-china-opens-in-beijing-china-marking-the-beginning-of-a-7-day-conclave-of-china-s-to.md) _Context: Beijing, Communist Party of China, Hu Jintao_
6. [2017 Doklam crisis: A stalemate between China and India leads to fears that the ongoing stand-off over Doklam in the Himalayas, disputed by Bhutan, may continue into the winter. It comes after rumors that Indian National Security Adviser Ajit Doval may travel to Beijing later this month. "[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/beijing-wont-have-formal-talks-with-india-stand-off-may-continue-till-winter-chinese-expert/articleshow/59615025.cms (Economic Times)]"](/news/2017/07/16/2017-doklam-crisis-a-stalemate-between-china-and-india-leads-to-fears-that-the-ongoing-stand-off-over-doklam-in-the-himalayas-disputed-by.md) _Context: Beijing, China_
7. [Politics of Hong Kong: Carrie Lam is sworn in as the first female Chief Executive of Hong Kong by President Xi Jinping amid protests against the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty to China. ](/news/2017/07/1/politics-of-hong-kong-carrie-lam-is-sworn-in-as-the-first-female-chief-executive-of-hong-kong-by-president-xi-jinping-amid-protests-against.md) _Context: China, Xi Jinping_
8. [Politics of Hong Kong: Protests mark the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty over Hong Kong to China from the United Kingdom alongside the arrival of Chinese President Xi Jinping. ](/news/2017/06/29/politics-of-hong-kong-protests-mark-the-20th-anniversary-of-the-transfer-of-sovereignty-over-hong-kong-to-china-from-the-united-kingdom-alo.md) _Context: China, Xi Jinping_
9. [China-Norway relations: Prime Minister of Norway Erna Solberg meets with Premier of the People's Republic of China Li Keqiang in Beijing to announce the end of a diplomatic freeze between the countries and the resumption of free trade negotiations between China and Norway. ](/news/2017/04/7/china-norway-relations-prime-minister-of-norway-erna-solberg-meets-with-premier-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-li-keqiang-in-beijing-t.md) _Context: Beijing, China_
10. [The foreign ministry of the People's Republic of China confirms that the country's head of state Xi Jinping will attend the World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, this year, making him the first President of China to attend the high-profile event. ](/news/2017/01/10/the-foreign-ministry-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-confirms-that-the-country-s-head-of-state-xi-jinping-will-attend-the-world-economic-f.md) _Context: China, Xi Jinping_
