### [2013-06-2](/news/2013/06/2/index.md)

# War in Afghanistan (2001-present):Taliban insurgents attack two checkpoints in the Kamdesh District in eastern Afghanistan killing four Afghan police officers 

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [ABC](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/afghan-taliban-kill-police-checkpoint-attacks-19308383#.Uat229L2aSo)

### Related:

1. [Heavy fighting continues in the north of Afghanistan as Taliban fighters intensify their attacks in several districts around Kunduz in their bid to retake the city. According to a police chief, militants overnight attacked several police checkpoints in the southwest outskirts of the city while government forces repelled a major attack to the east of Kunduz. ](/news/2016/04/17/heavy-fighting-continues-in-the-north-of-afghanistan-as-taliban-fighters-intensify-their-attacks-in-several-districts-around-kunduz-in-their.md) _Context: Afghan, Afghan police, Taliban_
2. [According to a police chief, at least 40 Taliban fighters are killed after launching an offensive against Afghan security forces to seize the strategic northern city of Kunduz while four security force personnel are also killed. ](/news/2016/04/16/according-to-a-police-chief-at-least-40-taliban-fighters-are-killed-after-launching-an-offensive-against-afghan-security-forces-to-seize-th.md) _Context: Afghan, Afghan police, Taliban_
3. [A battle rages in the Kunduz Province of Afghanistan as the Taliban launches its spring offensive to capture the city of Kunduz. According to a Taliban spokesperson, several outposts already fell to them but this could not be verified immediately while a police chief says that the security forces were keeping "the situation under control". ](/news/2016/04/15/a-battle-rages-in-the-kunduz-province-of-afghanistan-as-the-taliban-launches-its-spring-offensive-to-capture-the-city-of-kunduz-according-t.md) _Context: Afghan, Afghan police, Taliban_
4. [Taliban militants kill eight people, including a police commander, in an ambush in northern Afghanistan. ](/news/2016/04/14/taliban-militants-kill-eight-people-including-a-police-commander-in-an-ambush-in-northern-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghan, Afghan police, Taliban_
5. [A suicide bomber kills 12 new police recruits in the Nangarhar Province of Afghanistan. The Taliban claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/04/11/a-suicide-bomber-kills-12-new-police-recruits-in-the-nangarhar-province-of-afghanistan-the-taliban-claims-responsibility-for-the-attack.md) _Context: Afghan, Afghan police, Taliban_
6. [The Afghan government claims that Taliban leader Mohammad Omar died in April 2013 in Pakistan of natural causes. ](/news/2015/07/29/the-afghan-government-claims-that-taliban-leader-mohammad-omar-died-in-april-2013-in-pakistan-of-natural-causes.md) _Context: Afghan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
7. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):Seven heavily armed Taliban militants launch a coordinated attack near the main international airport of the Afghan capital, Kabul, and seize a five-story building under construction nearby.  Afghan security forces retake the building, killing all seven militants and sustaining no military or civilian casualties. ](/news/2013/06/10/war-in-afghanistan-2001apresent-pseven-heavily-armed-taliban-militants-launch-a-coordinated-attack-near-the-main-international-airport-o.md) _Context: Afghan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
8. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):The Taliban kills four US soldiers in Kandahar Province, Afghanistan. ](/news/2013/05/14/war-in-afghanistan-2001apresent-pthe-taliban-kills-four-us-soldiers-in-kandahar-province-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):At least 46 people are killed and more than 100 injured following an attack by Taliban militants armed with suicide vests on a courthouse in Farah, Afghanistan. ](/news/2013/04/3/war-in-afghanistan-2001apresent-pat-least-46-people-are-killed-and-more-than-100-injured-following-an-attack-by-taliban-militants-armed.md) _Context: Afghan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
10. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):The Taliban announces the start of their spring offensive, signaling plans to step up attacks as the weather warms across Afghanistan, making both travel and fighting easier. ](/news/2013/04/27/war-in-afghanistan-2001apresent-pthe-taliban-announces-the-start-of-their-spring-offensive-signaling-plans-to-step-up-attacks-as-the-we.md) _Context: Afghan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2001-present)_
