### [2014-12-5](/news/2014/12/5/index.md)

# Kashmir insurgency:. An attack on a military camp leaves 11 Indian soldiers and police dead near Uri. Eight militants and two civilians are killed in that and concurrent attacks in the state capital, Srinagar, and a part of southern Kashmir. 

Militants sneaked into an Indian military camp in Kashmir on Friday, killing 11 soldiers and police, the worst losses for security forces in six years in the Himalayan territory claimed by Pakistan.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSKCN0JJ0CA20141205?irpc=932)

### Related:

1. [Insurgency in Jammu and Kashmir. Insurgents attack an Indian Army base in northern Kashmir. At least three attackers are killed. ](/news/2015/11/25/insurgency-in-jammu-and-kashmir-insurgents-attack-an-indian-army-base-in-northern-kashmir-at-least-three-attackers-are-killed.md) _Context: Indian Army, Insurgency in Jammu and Kashmir, Kashmir_
2. [Insurgency in Jammu and Kashmir. 2016 Kashmir unrest. At least three people are killed and dozens more are wounded when protesters clash with Indian Army soldiers. The protesters defied an army curfew and took part in the funeral of a top rebel commander of Hizbul Mujahideen. ](/news/2016/07/9/insurgency-in-jammu-and-kashmir-2016-kashmir-unrest-at-least-three-people-are-killed-and-dozens-more-are-wounded-when-protesters-clash-wit.md) _Context: Indian Army, Insurgency in Jammu and Kashmir_
3. [Insurgency in Jammu and Kashmir. 2016 Kashmir unrest. At least 30 civilians have been killed by Indian Army soldiers as anti-government protests and violence spread across the state. ](/news/2016/07/11/insurgency-in-jammu-and-kashmir-2016-kashmir-unrest-at-least-30-civilians-have-been-killed-by-indian-army-soldiers-as-anti-government-prot.md) _Context: Indian Army, Insurgency in Jammu and Kashmir_
4. [Insurgency in Jammu and Kashmir. Five Indian paramilitary soldiers are killed and another 20 injured when suspected rebels ambush their convoy in the outskirts of Srinagar in the Indian portion of Kashmir. Two of the attackers are killed by return fire; the others escape. ](/news/2016/06/25/insurgency-in-jammu-and-kashmir-five-indian-paramilitary-soldiers-are-killed-and-another-20-injured-when-suspected-rebels-ambush-their-conv.md) _Context: Insurgency in Jammu and Kashmir, Srinagar_
5. [ Insurgency in Jammu and Kashmir. Three policemen are killed in Srinagar, India. Hizbul Mujahideen claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/05/23/insurgency-in-jammu-and-kashmir-three-policemen-are-killed-in-srinagar-india-hizbul-mujahideen-claims-responsibility.md) _Context: Insurgency in Jammu and Kashmir, Srinagar_
6. [Authorities in Jammu and Kashmir impose a curfew around the capital of Srinagar, Handwara, and neighbouring villages as protests turn violent. People began to protest last Tuesday when allegations were circulated by residents in Handwara that an Indian Army soldier tried to sexually assault a teenage schoolgirl. ](/news/2016/04/14/authorities-in-jammu-and-kashmir-impose-a-curfew-around-the-capital-of-srinagar-handwara-and-neighbouring-villages-as-protests-turn-violen.md) _Context: Indian Army, Srinagar_
7. [Insurgency in Jammu and Kashmir. 2016 Pampore stand-off. Loud explosions and gunfire are heard in a building where Kashmiri forces are fighting Jammu Kashmir Liberation Front militants in a standoff that has claimed the lives of five soldiers and one civilian. ](/news/2016/02/22/insurgency-in-jammu-and-kashmir-2016-pampore-stand-off-loud-explosions-and-gunfire-are-heard-in-a-building-where-kashmiri-forces-are-fight.md) _Context: Insurgency in Jammu and Kashmir, Kashmir_
8. [2014-15 India-Pakistan border skirmishes. At least two Indian soldiers are killed after Pakistani forces opened fire along the de facto border that divides Kashmir between the two countries. ](/news/2015/11/3/2014-15-india-pakistan-border-skirmishes-at-least-two-indian-soldiers-are-killed-after-pakistani-forces-opened-fire-along-the-de-facto.md) _Context: Indian Army, Kashmir_
9. [An Indian Army soldier is reported killed and another injured along the Line of Control on the border with Pakistan in Kashmir. ](/news/2013/10/28/an-indian-army-soldier-is-reported-killed-and-another-injured-along-the-line-of-control-on-the-border-with-pakistan-in-kashmir.md) _Context: Indian Army, Kashmir_
10. [Terrorists attack a police station in India's Jammu and Kashmir state, killing six people, before attacking an Army camp. ](/news/2013/09/26/terrorists-attack-a-police-station-in-india-s-jammu-and-kashmir-state-killing-six-people-before-attacking-an-army-camp.md) _Context: Indian Army, Indian police_
