### [2011-05-13](/news/2011/05/13/index.md)

# US Envoy George J. Mitchell, representing United States interests in the Middle East, is to resign. 

The US envoy to the Middle East, George Mitchell, is stepping down after two years of pursuing progress on peace talks, the White House says.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-13393047)

### Related:

1. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Middle East, U.S._
2. [Worldwide embassy closingsThe United States closes 22 embassies in the Middle East and North Africa due to intelligence of an Al-Qaeda attack. ](/news/2013/08/4/worldwide-embassy-closingspthe-united-states-closes-22-embassies-in-the-middle-east-and-north-africa-due-to-intelligence-of-an-al-qaeda-atta.md) _Context: Middle East, U.S._
3. [President of the United States Barack Obama begins a four-day visit to the Middle East, visiting Palestine and Israel. ](/news/2013/03/20/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-begins-a-four-day-visit-to-the-middle-east-visiting-palestine-and-israel.md) _Context: Middle East, U.S._
4. [Stock markets in the United States and Europe fall due to uncertainty in the Middle East and rising oil prices. ](/news/2011/02/23/stock-markets-in-the-united-states-and-europe-fall-due-to-uncertainty-in-the-middle-east-and-rising-oil-prices.md) _Context: Middle East, U.S._
5. [Israel buys 20 F-35I variant radar-evading fighter jets from the United States, Israel's first batch of advanced fighter jets which arm the country with the most sophisticated combat aircraft in the Middle East. Officials at The Pentagon acknowledge the sale. ](/news/2010/10/7/israel-buys-20-f-35i-variant-radar-evading-fighter-jets-from-the-united-states-israel-s-first-batch-of-advanced-fighter-jets-which-arm-the.md) _Context: Middle East, U.S._
6. [The Palestine Liberation Organization's (PLO) executive committee announces that America's George J. Mitchell informed President of Palestine Mahmoud Abbas that the United States had given preliminary approval to the idea of the Quartet on the Middle East having peace talks with Israel. ](/news/2010/08/11/the-palestine-liberation-organization-s-plo-executive-committee-announces-that-america-s-george-j-mitchell-informed-president-of-palestin.md) _Context: George J. Mitchell, U.S._
7. [Middle East:President of the United States Barack Obama meets President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas at the White House in Washington, D.C., United States and promises Palestinians $400 million in US assistance for the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2010/06/9/middle-east-ppresident-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-at-the-white-ho.md) _Context: Middle East, U.S._
8. [American Envoy to the Middle East and former Senator George J. Mitchell arrives in Ramallah and holds an immediate meeting with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2010/06/18/american-envoy-to-the-middle-east-and-former-senator-george-j-mitchell-arrives-in-ramallah-and-holds-an-immediate-meeting-with-palestinian.md) _Context: George J. Mitchell, U.S._
9. [President of the United States Barack Obama announces that the United States will pursue aggressive sanctions to prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon that could potentially spark a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. ](/news/2010/03/17/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-that-the-united-states-will-pursue-aggressive-sanctions-to-prevent-iran-from-getting-a.md) _Context: Middle East, U.S._
10. [ Former United States Senator George Mitchell releases a report detailing the use of banned substances by current and former Major League Baseball players. ](/news/2007/12/13/former-united-states-senator-george-mitchell-releases-a-report-detailing-the-use-of-banned-substances-by-current-and-former-major-league-ba.md) _Context: George J. Mitchell, U.S._
