### [2016-06-4](/news/2016/06/4/index.md)

# Kashmir conflict. Two militants attack a police checkpoint in the city of Anantnag in south Kashmir killing two Indian police officers. 

The attack comes ahead of the June 22 polling for by-election to Anantnag Assembly seat where Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti is one of the nine candidates in the fray. 


### Source:

1. [Indian Express](http://indianexpress.com/article/india/india-news-india/militants-kill-two-policemen-in-kashmirs-anantnag-2834089/)

### Related:

1. [2016 India-Pakistan military confrontation. Kashmir conflict. Pakistani Chief of Air Staff Sohail Aman warns India not to escalate tensions in the disputed territory of Kashmir under the threat of a full-scale war. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson urges both sides to restrain themselves while on a diplomatic mission to Islamabad. ](/news/2016/11/24/2016-india-pakistan-military-confrontation-kashmir-conflict-pakistani-chief-of-air-staff-sohail-aman-warns-india-not-to-escalate-tension.md) _Context: Kashmir, Kashmir conflict_
2. [Kashmir conflict. India imposes a curfew in some parts of Kashmir following a general strike being called by separatists to protest the death of two protesters. ](/news/2016/02/15/kashmir-conflict-india-imposes-a-curfew-in-some-parts-of-kashmir-following-a-general-strike-being-called-by-separatists-to-protest-the-deat.md) _Context: Kashmir, Kashmir conflict_
3. [2015 India-Pakistan border skirmishes. Kashmir conflict. Indian and Pakistani border guards exchange gunfire over the disputed Kashmir border with nine civilians killed and 63 injured. ](/news/2015/08/28/2015-india-pakistan-border-skirmishes-kashmir-conflict-indian-and-pakistani-border-guards-exchange-gunfire-over-the-disputed-kashmir-borde.md) _Context: Kashmir, Kashmir conflict_
4. [2014-15 India-Pakistan border skirmishes. Kashmir conflict. India and Pakistan trade gunfire over the border in the disputed area of Kashmir leaving eight people killed in the past week. ](/news/2015/08/16/2014-15-india-pakistan-border-skirmishes-kashmir-conflict-india-and-pakistan-trade-gunfire-over-the-border-in-the-disputed-area-of-kas.md) _Context: Kashmir, Kashmir conflict_
5. [Indian paramilitary forces shoot dead seven protesters outside a Border Security Force station in Kashmir with dozens injured. ](/news/2013/07/18/indian-paramilitary-forces-shoot-dead-seven-protesters-outside-a-border-security-force-station-in-kashmir-with-dozens-injured.md) _Context: Indian police officers, Kashmir_
6. [Kashmir conflict:. India claims two of its soldiers have been killed during a gunfight with Pakistani forces in the Indian-controlled portion of Kashmir. This report comes two days after Pakistan made a similar claim of the death of one of its troops due to an Indian cross-border operation in the disputed region. ](/news/2013/01/8/kashmir-conflict-india-claims-two-of-its-soldiers-have-been-killed-during-a-gunfight-with-pakistani-forces-in-the-indian-controlled-portio.md) _Context: Kashmir, Kashmir conflict_
7. [Kashmir conflict:. A cross-border raid conducted by Indian troops in the disputed Kashmir region results in the death of one Pakistani soldier and another critically wounded, according to Pakistani reports. ](/news/2013/01/6/kashmir-conflict-a-cross-border-raid-conducted-by-indian-troops-in-the-disputed-kashmir-region-results-in-the-death-of-one-pakistani-soldi.md) _Context: Kashmir, Kashmir conflict_
8. [Kashmir conflict:. Pakistan claims another of its soldiers is killed from gunfire by Indian troops near the Line of Control. This is the fifth such fatality reported in the past two weeks from either of the neighboring countries who each claim the disputed territory. ](/news/2013/01/15/kashmir-conflict-pakistan-claims-another-of-its-soldiers-is-killed-from-gunfire-by-indian-troops-near-the-line-of-control-this-is-the-fif.md) _Context: Kashmir, Kashmir conflict_
9. [Clashes break out between Indian and Pakistani troops near the border in the disputed Kashmir region. ](/news/2010/05/23/clashes-break-out-between-indian-and-pakistani-troops-near-the-border-in-the-disputed-kashmir-region.md) _Context: Kashmir, Kashmir conflict_
10. [2017 Amarnath Yatra attack. At least 7 people are killed and 15 injured after gunmen fire upon a pilgrimage bus and a police vehicle, on the 11th day of the Amarnath Yatra pilgrimage in the Indian city of Anantnag. The attack is believed to be terror-related. ](/news/2017/07/10/2017-amarnath-yatra-attack-at-least-7-people-are-killed-and-15-injured-after-gunmen-fire-upon-a-pilgrimage-bus-and-a-police-vehicle-on-the.md) _Context: Anantnag_
