### [2016-06-4](/news/2016/06/4/index.md)

# United States presidential election, 2016. United States Virgin Islands Democratic caucuses, 2016. The Democratic Party in the Virgin Islands, which has seven unpledged delegates, holds its caucus with Hillary Clinton. The results, along with those from tomorrow's primary in Puerto Rico, could bring Hillary Clinton close to securing the nomination. 

The U.S. Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico offer just the number of delegates she needs to reach 2,383 &mdash; but she&rsquo;d need to win every one of them.


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/hillary-clinton-wins-virgin-islands-democratic-caucuses/story?id=39613905)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/hillary-clintons-improbable-path-to-clinching-the-nomination-this-weekend/2016/06/04/c93ae7f6-2a56-11e6-ae4a-3cdd5fe74204_story.html)

### Related:

1. [2016 United States election interference by Russia. A declassified U.S. intelligence report claims that Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election against Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2017/01/6/2016-united-states-election-interference-by-russia-a-declassified-u-s-intelligence-report-claims-that-vladimir-putin-ordered-a-campaign-to.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Hillary Clinton_
2. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016. Although he lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.. The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016-although-he-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nominee-for.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Hillary Clinton_
3. [United States elections, 2016. Voters in the United States go to the polls for a range of federal, state and local elections, including the highly publicized presidential election between major party nominees Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/11/8/united-states-elections-2016-voters-in-the-united-states-go-to-the-polls-for-a-range-of-federal-state-and-local-elections-including-the.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Hillary Clinton_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016. President-elect Donald Trump is declared as the winner in Michigan, causing his electoral college vote to rise to 306. Hillary Clinton's margin in the popular vote rises to over two million. ](/news/2016/11/28/united-states-presidential-election-2016-president-elect-donald-trump-is-declared-as-the-winner-in-michigan-causing-his-electoral-college.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Hillary Clinton_
5. [United States presidential election debates, 2016. Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump hold the second presidential debate of the 2016 U.S. presidential election at Washington University in St. Louis, Missouri, in a "town meeting" format. ](/news/2016/10/9/united-states-presidential-election-debates-2016-hillary-clinton-and-donald-trump-hold-the-second-presidential-debate-of-the-2016-u-s-pre.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Hillary Clinton_
6. [United States presidential election, 2016. Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump meet for the third presidential debate of the 2016 U.S. election at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas. ](/news/2016/10/19/united-states-presidential-election-2016-hillary-clinton-and-donald-trump-meet-for-the-third-presidential-debate-of-the-2016-u-s-election.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Hillary Clinton_
7. [United States presidential election, 2016. Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton and Republican Party nominee Donald Trump hold the first presidential debate of the 2016 presidential election at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York. ](/news/2016/09/26/united-states-presidential-election-2016-democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-republican-party-nominee-donald-trump-hold-the-first.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Hillary Clinton_
8. [United States presidential election, 2016. The Commission on Presidential Debates officially announces the invitation of Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton, and GOP nominee Donald Trump, to the first presidential debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York, on September 26. However, third party candidates, Gary Johnson and Jill Stein, have not met the criteria, and will not be participants in the debate. ](/news/2016/09/16/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-commission-on-presidential-debates-officially-announces-the-invitation-of-democratic-party-no.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Hillary Clinton_
9. [United States presidential election, 2016. Hillary Clinton's doctor says she is being treated for pneumonia and dehydration after the Democratic Party presidential candidate fell ill and abruptly left a ceremony in New York City honoring the 15th anniversary of the September 11 attacks. ](/news/2016/09/11/united-states-presidential-election-2016-hillary-clinton-s-doctor-says-she-is-being-treated-for-pneumonia-and-dehydration-after-the-democr.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Hillary Clinton_
10. [Democratic National Committee cyber attacks. Democratic presidential election nominee Hillary Clinton accuses Russian intelligence services of being behind recent hacks into Democratic National Committee computers, while also accusing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of supporting Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2016/07/31/democratic-national-committee-cyber-attacks-democratic-presidential-election-nominee-hillary-clinton-accuses-russian-intelligence-services.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Hillary Clinton_
