### [1999-05-3](/news/1999/05/3/index.md)

#  An F5 tornado slams into Oklahoma City, Oklahoma killing 38 people. This was the second strongest tornado ever recorded in United States history. (See 1999 Oklahoma tornado outbreak). A possible tornado outbreak that has a similar force to it will take place sometime in the next 250-500 years.




### Related:

1. [ The strongest tornado in Britain in 25 years, rating a 2 on the Fujita scale, hits Birmingham, damaging homes and injuring 20 people. ](/news/2005/07/28/the-strongest-tornado-in-britain-in-25-years-rating-a-2-on-the-fujita-scale-hits-birmingham-damaging-homes-and-injuring-20-people.md) _Context: Fujita scale, tornado_
2. [ An F4 tornado hits metro area of Oklahoma City, and became the 10th costliest tornado in United States history. No one was killed but many were injured. The tornado followed a path similar to that of the F5 tornado of May 3, 1999.](/news/2003/05/8/an-f4-tornado-hits-metro-area-of-oklahoma-city-and-became-the-10th-costliest-tornado-in-united-states-history-no-one-was-killed-but-many.md) _Context: Fujita scale, tornado_
3. [Robert Bentley, the Governor of Alabama, declares a state of emergency due to forecasts of storms with the threat of tornadoes during the day. The neighboring state of Georgia also faces the threat of severe weather. ](/news/2017/04/4/robert-bentley-the-governor-of-alabama-declares-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-forecasts-of-storms-with-the-threat-of-tornadoes-during-the-da.md) _Context: tornado_
4. [The death tolls from tornadoes and floods in the midwestern and southern United States rises to ten with two people missing. ](/news/2017/04/30/the-death-tolls-from-tornadoes-and-floods-in-the-midwestern-and-southern-united-states-rises-to-ten-with-two-people-missing.md) _Context: tornado_
5. [Severe storms, from the weather system that hit Southern California Friday, reach southwest Texas injuring several people and damaging at least 100 homes with one confirmed tornado in San Antonio. Heavy rains continue today with flash floods likely as the storm moves to eastern Texas and southern Louisiana. ](/news/2017/02/20/severe-storms-from-the-weather-system-that-hit-southern-california-friday-reach-southwest-texas-injuring-several-people-and-damaging-at-le.md) _Context: tornado_
6. [A tornado, accompanied by heavy rainfall and hailstones, kills at least 98 people and injures 800 in the eastern Chinese province of Jiangsu ](/news/2016/06/23/a-tornado-accompanied-by-heavy-rainfall-and-hailstones-kills-at-least-98-people-and-injures-800-in-the-eastern-chinese-province-of-jiangsu.md) _Context: tornado_
7. [A severe thunderstorm and tornado near Yancheng, Jiangsu Province, China, kills at least 98 people. See 2016 Jiangsu tornado. ](/news/2016/06/22/a-severe-thunderstorm-and-tornado-near-yancheng-jiangsu-province-china-kills-at-least-98-people-see-2016-jiangsu-tornado.md) _Context: tornado_
8. [Violent storms cause floods across Uruguay with seven people killed and more than 2,000 left homeless. Four of those were killed by a tornado that struck Dolores. Four million people in the Chilean capital of Santiago were left without tap water as heavy rains triggered landslides. This led to the fouling of the city's water supply. ](/news/2016/04/18/violent-storms-cause-floods-across-uruguay-with-seven-people-killed-and-more-than-2-000-left-homeless-four-of-those-were-killed-by-a-tornad.md) _Context: tornado_
9. [A tornado hits the Uruguayan town of Dolores resulting in at least four deaths and seven injuries. ](/news/2016/04/15/a-tornado-hits-the-uruguayan-town-of-dolores-resulting-in-at-least-four-deaths-and-seven-injuries.md) _Context: tornado_
10. [In a second day of severe weather, at least seven people are injured as tornadoes sweep across the Midwestern and Southern part of the United States, with more severe weather expected. ](/news/2016/04/1/in-a-second-day-of-severe-weather-at-least-seven-people-are-injured-as-tornadoes-sweep-across-the-midwestern-and-southern-part-of-the-unite.md) _Context: tornado_
