### [2002-03-28](/news/2002/03/28/index.md)

# Pope John Paul II accepts the resignation of Archbishop Juliusz Paetz, who had been accused of sexual abuse.




### Related:

1. [Pope John Paul II meets with American cardinals at the Vatican through April 24 regarding sexual abuse of children by priests and religious workers.](/news/2002/04/23/pope-john-paul-ii-meets-with-american-cardinals-at-the-vatican-through-april-24-regarding-sexual-abuse-of-children-by-priests-and-religious.md) _Context: Pope John Paul II, sexual abuse_
2. [The Vatican commission on sexual abuse announces that Peter Saunders, a sexual abuse survivor from the U.K., is suspended from commission proceedings. "I am not leaving my position," Saunders said, adding only the person who appointed him, the Pope, can dismiss him. ](/news/2016/02/6/the-vatican-commission-on-sexual-abuse-announces-that-peter-saunders-a-sexual-abuse-survivor-from-the-u-k-is-suspended-from-commission-pr.md) _Context: sexual abuse_
3. [The President of Cuba, Raul Castro, is received in an official private audience with Pope Francis, who will become the third Pope to visit the still officially Communist island before visiting the U.S. this October. Some restrictions on exercise of religion, and a few restrictions on other rights, have been lifted or relaxed, especially after Pope John Paul II's historic 1998 meeting with Fidel Castro, Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI's trip during his reign, and especially in 2014 and earlier this year, after Raul and Francis and U.S. President Barack Obama's diplomatic team dramatically improved U.S.-Cuba relations. President Castro went there to thank Francis, whom he publicly has stated his admiration for, for his efforts, and spoke of the possibility of converting and of officially restoring the Church. ](/news/2015/05/10/the-president-of-cuba-raul-castro-is-received-in-an-official-private-audience-with-pope-francis-who-will-become-the-third-pope-to-visit-t.md) _Context: Pope John Paul II_
4. [2015 Papal visit to Sri Lanka and the Philippines: Pope Francis celebrates Holy Mass in Manila to a crowd of 6 to 7 million, the largest papal gathering since 1995 World Youth Day mass celebrated by late Pope John Paul II in the same place, despite pouring rain. ](/news/2015/01/18/2015-papal-visit-to-sri-lanka-and-the-philippines-pope-francis-celebrates-holy-mass-in-manila-to-a-crowd-of-6-to-7-million-the-largest-pap.md) _Context: Pope John Paul II_
5. [Canonization of Pope John XXIII and Pope John Paul II:: Popes John XXIII and John Paul II are declared saints by Pope Francis in the first papal canonization since 1954. ](/news/2014/04/27/canonization-of-pope-john-xxiii-and-pope-john-paul-ii-popes-john-xxiii-and-john-paul-ii-are-declared-saints-by-pope-francis-in-the-first-p.md) _Context: Pope John Paul II_
6. [A vial containing drops of late Pope John Paul II's blood is stolen from the Church of San Pietro della Ienca in Abruzzo, Italy. ](/news/2014/01/25/a-vial-containing-drops-of-late-pope-john-paul-ii-s-blood-is-stolen-from-the-church-of-san-pietro-della-ienca-in-abruzzo-italy.md) _Context: Pope John Paul II_
7. [the Vatican declares Pope John Paul II and Pope John XXIII canonized as saints. ](/news/2013/07/5/the-vatican-declares-pope-john-paul-ii-and-pope-john-xxiii-canonized-as-saints.md) _Context: Pope John Paul II_
8. [Pending approval from Pope Francis, reports that Pope John Paul II may be canonized at the end of the year are confirmed after approval by the Vatican Congregation for the Causes of Saints of an alleged second miracle. ](/news/2013/07/2/pending-approval-from-pope-francis-reports-that-pope-john-paul-ii-may-be-canonized-at-the-end-of-the-year-are-confirmed-after-approval-by-t.md) _Context: Pope John Paul II_
9. [Scottish Cardinal Keith O'Brien, who resigned last week due to allegations of sexual impropriety, admitted his past sexual misconduct and apologized for it. ](/news/2013/03/3/scottish-cardinal-keith-o-brien-who-resigned-last-week-due-to-allegations-of-sexual-impropriety-admitted-his-past-sexual-misconduct-and-ap.md) _Context: sexual abuse_
10. [Cardinal Keith O'Brien resigns as the Archbishop of St. Andrews and Edinburgh due to allegations of inappropriate sexual behaviour towards priests in the 1980s. ](/news/2013/02/25/cardinal-keith-o-brien-resigns-as-the-archbishop-of-st-andrews-and-edinburgh-due-to-allegations-of-inappropriate-sexual-behaviour-towards-p.md) _Context: sexual abuse_
