### [2010-10-7](/news/2010/10/7/index.md)

# Austerity measures of pay cuts and pension freeze supported by the European Union and International Monetary Fund (IMF) cause civil servants to stage a 24-hour strike in Greece. 

Civil servants stage 24-hour strike in protest against pay cuts and pension freeze, disrupting normal life.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/europe/2010/10/2010107132224725399.html)

### Related:

1. [Greek government-debt crisis. Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greek-government-debt-crisis-greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-s.md) _Context: European Union, Greek, International Monetary Fund_
2. [Greek bailout referendum, 2015. Greek voters solidly reject (61.3 percent) the latest austerity proposal of the European Union, the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank. ](/news/2015/07/5/greek-bailout-referendum-2015-greek-voters-solidly-reject-61-3-percent-the-latest-austerity-proposal-of-the-european-union-the-internat.md) _Context: European Union, Greek, International Monetary Fund_
3. [Greek government-debt crisis. The Greek bailout program by the European Union ends today with Greece failing to make a payment to the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2015/06/30/greek-government-debt-crisis-the-greek-bailout-program-by-the-european-union-ends-today-with-greece-failing-to-make-a-payment-to-the-intern.md) _Context: European Union, Greek, International Monetary Fund_
4. [The International Monetary Fund (IMF) says it underestimated the damage austerity would do to Greece. ](/news/2013/06/5/the-international-monetary-fund-imf-says-it-underestimated-the-damage-austerity-would-do-to-greece.md) _Context: Greek, International Monetary Fund, austerity measures_
5. [Dominique Strauss-Kahn sex, rape and imprisonment charges:. New York City police question International Monetary Fund head Dominique Strauss-Kahn, arrested yesterday, over allegations that he sexually attacked a hotel maid near Times Square. Strauss-Kahn's schedule is threatened with interruption, with a meeting over the bailouts of Portugal and Greece with European Union finance ministers due in Brussels tomorrow. ](/news/2011/05/15/dominique-strauss-kahn-sex-rape-and-imprisonment-charges-new-york-city-police-question-international-monetary-fund-head-dominique-strauss.md) _Context: European Union, Greek, International Monetary Fund_
6. [The European Union and the International Monetary Fund agree to a bailout package for Greece that will provide approximately -120 billion to end the sovereign debt crisis in that country. ](/news/2010/05/2/the-european-union-and-the-international-monetary-fund-agree-to-a-bailout-package-for-greece-that-will-provide-approximately-120-billion.md) _Context: European Union, Greek, International Monetary Fund_
7. [Standard & Poor's downgrades Greece's sovereign credit rating to junk, four days after the country's government requests the activation of a -45-billion EU-IMF bailout. ](/news/2010/04/27/standard-poor-s-downgrades-greece-s-sovereign-credit-rating-to-junk-four-days-after-the-country-s-government-requests-the-activation-of-a.md) _Context: European Union, Greek, International Monetary Fund_
8. [European migrant crisis. Germany announces plans to start deporting newly-arrived migrants to Greece starting in March. According to EU's Dublin Regulation, asylum seekers must file for asylum in the member state they arrived in. ](/news/2017/01/12/european-migrant-crisis-germany-announces-plans-to-start-deporting-newly-arrived-migrants-to-greece-starting-in-march-according-to-eu-s-du.md) _Context: European Union, Greek_
9. [European migrant crisis. Police in northern Greece move more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/european-migrant-crisis-police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-bo.md) _Context: European Union, Greek_
10. [ Reuters reports that it has seen a draft memorandum generated by the International Monetary Fund that describes the debt owed by Greece to its European partners as "highly unsustainable." ](/news/2016/04/12/reuters-reports-that-it-has-seen-a-draft-memorandum-generated-by-the-international-monetary-fund-that-describes-the-debt-owed-by-greece-to.md) _Context: Greek, International Monetary Fund_
