### [2010-10-7](/news/2010/10/7/index.md)

# Peruvian-Spanish writer Mario Vargas Llosa is announced as the winner of the 2010 Nobel Prize in Literature. 

Mario Vargas Llosa, one of the most acclaimed South American writers, has won the Nobel Prize for Literature.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/europe/2010/10/2010107105615579655.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/entertainment-arts-11493191)
3. [Huffington Post](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2010/10/07/nobel-prize-2010-literature-winner-mario-vargas-llosa_n_753011.html)
4. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/books/2010/oct/07/nobel-prize-literature-mario-vargas-llosa)
5. [The Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/breaking/2010/1007/breaking24.html)

### Related:

1. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Peru, Spain_
2. [UNESCO declares the Rizal Monument in Manila, Machu Picchu of Peru, Camino de Santiago of Spain, and the Dampier Archipelago of Australia as World Heritage Sites in Danger. ](/news/2014/11/18/unesco-declares-the-rizal-monument-in-manila-machu-picchu-of-peru-camino-de-santiago-of-spain-and-the-dampier-archipelago-of-australia-as.md) _Context: Peru, Spain_
3. [Mario Vargas Llosa, last year's recipient of the Nobel Prize in Literature, speaks out against authoritarian governments and calls on all citizens to participate in political life while addressing students at Shanghai International Studies University. ](/news/2011/06/15/mario-vargas-llosa-last-year-s-recipient-of-the-nobel-prize-in-literature-speaks-out-against-authoritarian-governments-and-calls-on-all-ci.md) _Context: Mario Vargas Llosa, Nobel Prize in Literature_
4. [The face of the Peruvian Moche mummy the Lady of Cao is reconstructed from its skull structure, using forensic archaeology techniques and ethnographic research. ](/news/2017/07/5/the-face-of-the-peruvian-moche-mummy-the-lady-of-cao-is-reconstructed-from-its-skull-structure-using-forensic-archaeology-techniques-and-et.md) _Context: Peru_
5. [A group of people are arrested in the Peruvian village of Muqui, located in the Andes, after they painted a wall with allusive symbols and messages to the far-left terrorist organization, Shining Path, responsible for crimes against humanity in Peru from 1980 to 1992. Police later clarified that the true intentions of the arrested, some of them students of a technical training institute, were to make a short film. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-group-of-people-are-arrested-in-the-peruvian-village-of-muqui-located-in-the-andes-after-they-painted-a-wall-with-allusive-symbols-and-m.md) _Context: Peru_
6. [Approximately fifty migrants are feared drowned off the coast of Morocco. Three men were rescued near Alboran Island near the coast of Spain. ](/news/2017/07/4/approximately-fifty-migrants-are-feared-drowned-off-the-coast-of-morocco-three-men-were-rescued-near-alboran-island-near-the-coast-of-spain.md) _Context: Spain_
7. [A fire forces the evacuation of more than 22,000 concertgoers at the Tomorrowland music festival at the Parc de Can Zam in Barcelona, Spain. There were no serious injuries. This is the first time the festival has been held in Spain; Belgium had been the home since 2005. ](/news/2017/07/29/a-fire-forces-the-evacuation-of-more-than-22-000-concertgoers-at-the-tomorrowland-music-festival-at-the-parc-de-can-zam-in-barcelona-spain.md) _Context: Spain_
8. [The remains of surrealist painter Salvador Dali are exhumed following a Madrid court order on settling the paternity claim of a woman who is allegedly the painter's natural daughter. Various experts contest the claim, noting Dali's sexual eccentrism (including a public boast about his "impotency") and that the action being against the state (Dali bequeathed his estate to Spain). If proven, this woman could assume part of Dali's estate. ](/news/2017/07/21/the-remains-of-surrealist-painter-salvador-dala-are-exhumed-following-a-madrid-court-order-on-settling-the-paternity-claim-of-a-woman-who-i.md) _Context: Spain_
9. [Equatorial Guinea, Ivory Coast, Kuwait, Peru and Poland are elected to the United Nations Security Council for a two-year term beginning on January 1, 2018. ](/news/2017/06/2/equatorial-guinea-ivory-coast-kuwait-peru-and-poland-are-elected-to-the-united-nations-security-council-for-a-two-year-term-beginning-on.md) _Context: Peru_
10. [A large scale international cyber-attack using the WannaCry ransomware package disrupts computer and telephone systems in thousands of cases across 99 countries. Affected organisations include: England's NHS, with doctors reporting messages demanding money; MegaFon and Sberbank in Russia; Telefonica, Iberdrola, and Gas Natural in Spain; and FedEx. ](/news/2017/05/12/a-large-scale-international-cyber-attack-using-the-wannacry-ransomware-package-disrupts-computer-and-telephone-systems-in-thousands-of-cases.md) _Context: Spain_
