### [2010-10-7](/news/2010/10/7/index.md)

# Right-wing Israeli politicians push for a controversial change to the wording of the oath required to become an Israeli citizen, amending the wording so that potential citizens must promise to respect Israel as a "Jewish and democratic state". 

Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu re-introduces a controversial proposal to require new citizens to take an oath of loyalty to the Jewish state.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-11491988)

### Related:

1. [UNESCO's executive board approves the "Occupied Palestine" resolution which reaffirms the cultural heritage of Palestine, especially East Jerusalem, and criticizes certain Israeli actions regarding the Palestinian territories. For the land in Jerusalem where the Al-Aqsa Mosque stands, the board uses only Islamic naming terms without also mentioning Jewish or Christian historical references. ](/news/2016/10/18/unesco-s-executive-board-approves-the-occupied-palestine-resolution-which-reaffirms-the-cultural-heritage-of-palestine-especially-east-je.md) _Context: Israel, Jewish_
2. [Israel and Jordan agree to take steps to quell violence at the Al-Aqsa Mosque in Jerusalem which includes round-the-clock monitoring of new security cameras there. Israel reaffirms Jordan's historic role as formal custodian of what is known to Jews as the Temple Mount and as Haram al-Sharif to Muslims. Yesterday, Israeli authorities lifted restrictions that had banned men aged under 40 from praying at al-Aqsa. ](/news/2015/10/24/israel-and-jordan-agree-to-take-steps-to-quell-violence-at-the-al-aqsa-mosque-in-jerusalem-which-includes-round-the-clock-monitoring-of-new.md) _Context: Israel, Jewish_
3. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's speech yesterday that the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem persuaded the Nazis to adopt their Final Solution to exterminate 6 million Jews is reproached by Holocaust experts and survivors, historians, world leaders, etc. Palestine Liberation Organization's Saeb Erakat and Israel's Zionist Union party's Isaac Herzog both blasted Netanyahu's claim. German Chancellor Angela Merkel said, "All Germans know the history of the murderous race mania of the Nazis that led to ... the Holocaust."  Mehnaz Afridi, a Manhattan College professor who promotes Muslim-Jewish dialogue said, "this ... really is a terrible statement to make at this time." ](/news/2015/10/21/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-s-speech-yesterday-that-the-grand-mufti-of-jerusalem-persuaded-the-nazis-to-adopt-their-final-solu.md) _Context: Israel, Jewish_
4. [The Israeli cabinet approves a bill requiring all non-Jews taking Israeli citizenship to swear loyalty to Israel as a "Jewish and democratic state". ](/news/2010/10/10/the-israeli-cabinet-approves-a-bill-requiring-all-non-jews-taking-israeli-citizenship-to-swear-loyalty-to-israel-as-a-jewish-and-democratic.md) _Context: Israel, Jewish_
5. [Israel asks Germany to arrest Klaas Carel Faber, a Nazi war criminal who killed 20 Jews at Westerbork concentration camp. ](/news/2010/08/26/israel-asks-germany-to-arrest-klaas-carel-faber-a-nazi-war-criminal-who-killed-20-jews-at-westerbork-concentration-camp.md) _Context: Israel, Jewish_
6. [Veteran American journalist Helen Thomas announces she is retiring, after apologizing for making remarks saying Jews should leave Israel and return to Europe  are widely condemned in the United States. ](/news/2010/06/7/veteran-american-journalist-helen-thomas-announces-she-is-retiring-after-apologizing-for-making-remarks-saying-jews-should-leave-israel-and.md) _Context: Israel, Jewish_
7. [ A French court finds the newspaper Le Monde guilty of defamation against the Jews and Israel, in an article published in 2002 which used "Jews" and "Israel" interchangeably. ](/news/2005/06/4/a-french-court-finds-the-newspaper-le-monde-guilty-of-defamation-against-the-jews-and-israel-in-an-article-published-in-2002-which-used-j.md) _Context: Israel, Jewish_
8. [ Israel has allowed people who received non-Orthodox training in Israel but were converted overseas to become Jews.  These people will now be eligible for Israeli citizenship. ](/news/2005/03/31/israel-has-allowed-people-who-received-non-orthodox-training-in-israel-but-were-converted-overseas-to-become-jews-these-people-will-now-b.md) _Context: Israel, Jewish_
9. [A shooting at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's  Al-Aqsa Mosque. Another Jordanian man was killed inadvertently. ](/news/2017/07/23/a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordanian-wounded-there-is-s.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel_
