### [2010-10-7](/news/2010/10/7/index.md)

# TVNZ ''Breakfast'' race row:Suspended TVNZ broadcaster Paul Henry is embroiled in further controversy as his mockery of Delhi Chief Minister Sheila Dikshit is declared "racist" and "unacceptable" and New Zealand's ambassador to India is summoned for a dressing down. 

India denounced Thursday &quot;racist&quot; and &quot;unacceptable&quot; remarks made by a New Zealand television anchor about an Indian minister and summoned the country&#039;s ambassador to present a complaint.


### Source:

1. [AFP via NDTV](http://www.ndtv.com/article/commonwealth%20games/india-slams-nz-tv-anchor-s-racist-dikshit-remarks-57812?trendingnow)
2. [Indian Weekender](http://www.indianweekender.co.nz/Pages/ArticleDetails/51/1583/Comment/Hes-had-breakfast-now-put-him-out-to-pasture)
3. [Radio New Zealand](http://www.radionz.co.nz/news/national/58842/india-summons-nz-envoy-over-henry%27s-%27racist-remarks%27)
4. [TVNZ](http://tvnz.co.nz/national-news/india-calls-in-high-commissioner-over-henry-remarks-3825750)
5. [The New Zealand Herald](http://www.nzherald.co.nz/nz/news/article.cfm?c_id=1&objectid=10678740)
6. [The New Zealand Herald](http://www.nzherald.co.nz/nz/news/article.cfm?c_id=1&objectid=10678805)
7. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english2010/world/2010-10/07/c_13545883.htm)

### Related:

1. [TVNZ ''Breakfast'' race row: New Zealand issues an apology to India's External Affairs ministry over the "gratuitous and insulting" behaviour of its now suspended broadcaster Paul Henry, who works for the government-owned corporation television network TVNZ. ](/news/2010/10/8/tvnz-breakfast-race-row-new-zealand-issues-an-apology-to-india-s-external-affairs-ministry-over-the-gratuitous-and-insulting-behaviou.md) _Context: Breakfast, India, New Zealand, Paul Henry, TVNZ_
2. [Minister of Maori Affairs Pita Sharples adds his name to calls for suspended TVNZ broadcaster Paul Henry to be sacked after he manages to upset most of India. ](/news/2010/10/9/minister-of-maori-affairs-pita-sharples-adds-his-name-to-calls-for-suspended-tvnz-broadcaster-paul-henry-to-be-sacked-after-he-manages-to-u.md) _Context: India, Paul Henry, TVNZ_
3. [TVNZ ''Breakfast'' race row:''Breakfast'' broadcaster Paul Henry is suspended effective immediately by TVNZ after yesterday's controversial interview with John Key. The network had previously issued a statement in support of Henry.  ](/news/2010/10/5/tvnz-breakfast-race-row-p-breakfast-broadcaster-paul-henry-is-suspended-effective-immediately-by-tvnz-after-yesterday-s-controversial.md) _Context: Breakfast, Paul Henry, TVNZ_
4. [TVNZ race row:John Key pledges to continue fronting TVNZ's ''Breakfast'' amid calls by MPs for disgraced and suspended broadcaster Paul Henry to be sacked. ](/news/2010/10/10/tvnz-race-row-pjohn-key-pledges-to-continue-fronting-tvnz-s-breakfast-amid-calls-by-mps-for-disgraced-and-suspended-broadcaster-paul-hen.md) _Context: Paul Henry, TVNZ_
5. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
6. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
7. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
9. [Visas given to potential entrepreneurs who are foreigners will be significantly reduced prompting fears and criticism from Silicon Valley. Many of those given visas are from India.  ](/news/2017/07/11/visas-given-to-potential-entrepreneurs-who-are-foreigners-will-be-significantly-reduced-prompting-fears-and-criticism-from-silicon-valley-m.md) _Context: India_
10. [Researchers in New Zealand have discovered that the MeNZB vaccine for meningitis may protect against gonorrhea by 30%. ](/news/2017/07/11/researchers-in-new-zealand-have-discovered-that-the-menzb-vaccine-for-meningitis-may-protect-against-gonorrhea-by-30.md) _Context: New Zealand_
