### [2013-07-13](/news/2013/07/13/index.md)

# At least ten people are killed in Brazil's Minas Gerais state after a bus accident. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''New Straits Times](http://www.nst.com.my/latest/10-dead-in-brazil-bus-accident-after-brakes-fail-1.318839?localLinksEnabled=false)

### Related:

1. [Brazilian prosecutors file homicide charges against 21 people employed by the companies Samarco, Vale, and BHP Billiton for the November 2015 iron ore mine dam burst in the state of Minas Gerais that killed 19 people and polluted waterways. ](/news/2016/10/20/brazilian-prosecutors-file-homicide-charges-against-21-people-employed-by-the-companies-samarco-vale-and-bhp-billiton-for-the-november-201.md) _Context: Brazil, Minas Gerais_
2. [Thursday's flooding and devastating mudslides at the BHP-Vale mine in Minas Gerais involved two dams, not one as initially reported. Brazilian officials report the mud flow is eight kilometers (five miles) long and 2.5 meters deep. Those rescued - and emergency services - are being decontaminated; mining spoils being treated as toxic. There is no official information on the number of casualties or the cause of the incident. The company that runs the mine says it detected seismic activity right before the breach. Both BHP and Vale shares declined over five percent. Brazilian prosecutors have opened a criminal investigation. ](/news/2015/11/6/thursday-s-flooding-and-devastating-mudslides-at-the-bhp-vale-mine-in-minas-gerais-involved-two-dams-not-one-as-initially-reported-brazili.md) _Context: Brazil, Minas Gerais_
3. [An iron ore tailings dam bursts in the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais flooding a valley, causing mudslides in the nearby village of Bento Rodrigues and causing up to 17 deaths and 45 missing. The dam is operated by Samarco MineracGBPo, a joint venture between BHP Billiton and Vale. ](/news/2015/11/5/an-iron-ore-tailings-dam-bursts-in-the-brazilian-state-of-minas-gerais-flooding-a-valley-causing-mudslides-in-the-nearby-village-of-bento-r.md) _Context: Brazil, Minas Gerais_
4. [95 farm workers are rescued from difficult living conditions in two south-eastern states (Minas Gerais and Rio de Janeiro (state)) of Brazil. ](/news/2010/09/12/95-farm-workers-are-rescued-from-difficult-living-conditions-in-two-south-eastern-states-minas-gerais-and-rio-de-janeiro-state-of-brazil.md) _Context: Brazil, Minas Gerais_
5. [A teenager is shot dead and another is wounded by a further shot during a gay pride parade attended by around 70,000 people in Juiz de Fora, Minas Gerais, Brazil. ](/news/2010/08/15/a-teenager-is-shot-dead-and-another-is-wounded-by-a-further-shot-during-a-gay-pride-parade-attended-by-around-70-000-people-in-juiz-de-fora.md) _Context: Brazil, Minas Gerais_
6. [Minas Gerais, one of Brazil's biggest states, bans the sale of the Toyota Corolla over safety fears. ](/news/2010/04/22/minas-gerais-one-of-brazil-s-biggest-states-bans-the-sale-of-the-toyota-corolla-over-safety-fears.md) _Context: Brazil, Minas Gerais_
7. [ Brazilian prosecutor Rodrigo Janot files charges in the Supreme Court against officials in President Michel Temer's Brazilian Democratic Movement Party accusing them of forming a criminal organization. Earlier the Court said, next week, it will consider Temer's request to block Janot from issuing further charges. ](/news/2017/09/8/brazilian-prosecutor-rodrigo-janot-files-charges-in-the-supreme-court-against-officials-in-president-michel-temeras-brazilian-democratic.md) _Context: Brazil_
8. [Brazilian President Michel Temer abolishes the 46,000 sq km National Reserve of Copper and Associates (Renca) ecological reserve, which spans the borders of Amapa and Para states in northern Brazil. More than 20 domestic and multinational firms have expressed an interest in accessing the area's deposits of gold, copper, tantalum, iron ore, nickel and manganese. ](/news/2017/08/25/brazilian-president-michel-temer-abolishes-the-46-000-sq-km-national-reserve-of-copper-and-associates-renca-ecological-reserve-which-span.md) _Context: Brazil_
9. [The passenger ship "Comandante Ribeiro" sinks in the Xingu River near Porto de Moz, Brazil, with the loss of at least ten lives.](/news/2017/08/22/the-passenger-ship-comandante-ribeiro-sinks-in-the-xingu-river-near-porto-de-moz-brazil-with-the-loss-of-at-least-ten-lives.md) _Context: Brazil_
10. [Former Brazilian president Luiz Incio Lula da Silva is convicted on corruption and money laundering charges in connection with the Petrobras investigation. Lula, who remains free on appeal, is sentenced to nine and a half years in prison. ](/news/2017/07/12/former-brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-is-convicted-on-corruption-and-money-laundering-charges-in-connection-with-the-petrobra.md) _Context: Brazil_
