### [2013-04-11](/news/2013/04/11/index.md)

# Former Chancellor of Germany Helmut Kohl blames recently deceased former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's hostility towards a closer Europe as the cause for ongoing tensions between the United Kingdom and the European Union. 

Read the latest World and International news headlines from Sky News Australia. For coverage of breaking news from around the World visit skynews.com.au.


### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://www.skynews.com.au/world/article.aspx?id=862524)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.skynews.com.au/content/skynews/93/26/gif/layout/hm/common_containers/hmbrandinggreendotcontainer0x0/files/4361/bp_unmeteredicon.png/_jcr_content/renditions/skynews.img.368.276.jpeg)

### Related:

1. [European Union leaders advise the United Kingdom that, after their EU exit, to retain access to the bloc's lucrative single market, the UK must allow free movement for EU workers. German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande reiterated that freedom of movement of EU citizens is non-negotiable. ](/news/2016/06/29/european-union-leaders-advise-the-united-kingdom-that-after-their-eu-exit-to-retain-access-to-the-bloc-s-lucrative-single-market-the-uk-m.md) _Context: EU, German Chancellor, United Kingdom, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
2. [U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's "Daily Telegraph", urges Britons to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to-keep-the-u-k-in-the-european-union-tomorrow-obam.md) _Context: EU, Prime Minister, United Kingdom, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
3. [The United Kingdom's Prime Minister David Cameron announces he will suspend collective responsibility ahead of the referendum on the country's EU membership, allowing ministers to campaign for the UK to leave the European Union. A member of his cabinet was reportedly due to resign over the issue within 24 hours. ](/news/2016/01/5/the-united-kingdom-s-prime-minister-david-cameron-announces-he-will-suspend-collective-responsibility-ahead-of-the-referendum-on-the-country.md) _Context: EU, Prime Minister, United Kingdom, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
4. [British Prime Minister David Cameron travels to Berlin to discuss his demands for sweeping reform of the European Union with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. ](/news/2013/04/12/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-travels-to-berlin-to-discuss-his-demands-for-sweeping-reform-of-the-european-union-with-german-chancell.md) _Context: EU, German Chancellor, Prime Minister, United Kingdom_
5. [British Prime Minister Theresa May signs a letter invoking Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. Its notification to the European Council tomorrow will formally begin the UK's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2017/03/28/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-signs-a-letter-invoking-article-50-of-the-treaty-on-european-union-its-notification-to-the-european-coun.md) _Context: EU, Prime Minister, United Kingdom_
6. [Theresa May, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, announces March 2017 as the deadline for triggering Article 50 and says that her government will introduce a "Great Repeal Bill" that will repeal the European Communities Act 1972 once the United Kingdom leaves the European Union. ](/news/2016/10/2/theresa-may-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-announces-march-2017-as-the-deadline-for-triggering-article-50-and-says-that-her-gove.md) _Context: EU, Prime Minister, United Kingdom_
7. [Nicola Sturgeon, the First Minister of Scotland, says that Scottish Parliament has the power to veto the United Kingdom's exit from the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/26/nicola-sturgeon-the-first-minister-of-scotland-says-that-scottish-parliament-has-the-power-to-veto-the-united-kingdom-s-exit-from-the-euro.md) _Context: EU, United Kingdom, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
8. [Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-berlin-to-discuss-the-consequences-of-the-united-kin.md) _Context: EU, United Kingdom, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
9. [The United Kingdom votes, 52% to 48%, to leave the European Union. Prime Minister David Cameron, who called the referendum three years ago, announces his resignation indicating he will leave office by October. ](/news/2016/06/24/the-united-kingdom-votes-52-to-48-to-leave-the-european-union-prime-minister-david-cameron-who-called-the-referendum-three-years-ago.md) _Context: EU, Prime Minister, United Kingdom_
10. [According to an opinion poll, a majority of British citizens now want the United Kingdom to leave the European Union as voter anxiety rises over the bloc's handling of a crisis provoked by an influx of migrants into Europe. A referendum on the United Kingdom's EU membership is scheduled to take place before the end of 2017. ](/news/2015/11/24/according-to-an-opinion-poll-a-majority-of-british-citizens-now-want-the-united-kingdom-to-leave-the-european-union-as-voter-anxiety-rises.md) _Context: EU, United Kingdom, United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union_
