### [2013-04-11](/news/2013/04/11/index.md)

# North Korea renews a threat to permanently close its Kaesong joint industrial zone with South Korea, blaming the "confrontation" policies of the South Korea's new president, Park Geun-hye. 

A powerful US military sea-based radar is now in place to detect any possible missile launches by North Korea, according to a senior US defence official.


### Source:

1. [AFP via Channel NewsAsia](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/asiapacific/n-korea-blames-south-s/635042.html)
2. [AFP via Channel NewsAsia](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/news/world/us-radar-in-place-to/635142.html)
3. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2013/04/11/world/asia/koreas-tensions)

### Related:

1. [The President of China, Xi Jinping, arrives in South Korea for talks with the President of South Korea, Park Geun-hye, days after a North Korean missile test.](/news/2014/07/3/the-president-of-china-xi-jinping-arrives-in-south-korea-for-talks-with-the-president-of-south-korea-park-geun-hye-days-after-a-north-ko.md) _Context: North Korea, Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea, South Korea_
2. [North Korea renews war threats against South Korea and the United States, saying conditions "for a simmering nuclear war" have been created on the Korean peninsula. The country also says it is cutting a military hotline, which facilitates the travel of South Korean workers to a joint industrial complex in Kaesong. ](/news/2013/03/27/north-korea-renews-war-threats-against-south-korea-and-the-united-states-saying-conditions-for-a-simmering-nuclear-war-have-been-created.md) _Context: Kaesong, Kaesong area, North Korea, South Korea_
3. [Authorities arrest Impeached South Korean President Park Geun-hye on charges of bribery, abuse of authority, coercion, and leaking government secrets. ](/news/2017/03/30/authorities-arrest-impeached-south-korean-president-park-geun-hye-on-charges-of-bribery-abuse-of-authority-coercion-and-leaking-governmen.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea, South Korea_
4. [South Korea's Constitutional Court upholds the impeachment of President Park Geun-hye, removing her from office. Hwang Kyo-ahn assumes powers as Acting President. ](/news/2017/03/10/south-korea-s-constitutional-court-upholds-the-impeachment-of-president-park-geun-hye-removing-her-from-office-hwang-kyo-ahn-assumes-power.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea, South Korea_
5. [A court in South Korea strikes down a request by prosecutors to issue an arrest warrant for Samsung vice chairman Lee Jae-yong, who is accused of bribery and embezzlement, in connection to a corruption scandal involving impeached President Park Geun-hye. ](/news/2017/01/19/a-court-in-south-korea-strikes-down-a-request-by-prosecutors-to-issue-an-arrest-warrant-for-samsung-vice-chairman-lee-jae-yong-who-is-accus.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea, South Korea_
6. [South Korean prosecutors issue an arrest warrant for Lee Jae-yong, a senior executive in the Samsung Group, in relation to the political scandal that has led to the impeachment of Park Geun-hye, the President of South Korea. ](/news/2017/01/16/south-korean-prosecutors-issue-an-arrest-warrant-for-lee-jae-yong-a-senior-executive-in-the-samsung-group-in-relation-to-the-political-sca.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea, South Korea_
7. [South Korean lawmakers impeach President Park Geun-hye by a 234-56 vote. Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn, a staunch defender of Ms. Park, will serve as acting president. South Korea's Constitutional Court has up to 180 days to render a final decision. ](/news/2016/12/9/south-korean-lawmakers-impeach-president-park-geun-hye-by-a-234a56-vote-prime-minister-hwang-kyo-ahn-a-staunch-defender-of-ms-park-wil.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea, South Korea_
8. [The South Korean National Assembly begins hearings ahead of an impeachment vote against President Park Geun-Hye. ](/news/2016/12/5/the-south-korean-national-assembly-begins-hearings-ahead-of-an-impeachment-vote-against-president-park-geun-hye.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea, South Korea_
9. [South Korean prosecutors raid the offices of Samsung Electronics as part of a ongoing probe into President Park Geun-hye's controversial association with Choi Soon-sil. Yonhap News Agency reports prosecutors are investigating whether Samsung improperly provided financial assistance to Choi's daughter, Chung Yoo-ra. ](/news/2016/11/8/south-korean-prosecutors-raid-the-offices-of-samsung-electronics-as-part-of-a-ongoing-probe-into-president-park-geun-hye-s-controversial-ass.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea, South Korea_
10. [Tens of thousands protest in the South Korean capital, Seoul, calling for the resignation of President Park Geun-hye over her links with Choi Soon-sil, who was arrested on November 3, and charged with fraud and abuse of power. ](/news/2016/11/5/tens-of-thousands-protest-in-the-south-korean-capital-seoul-calling-for-the-resignation-of-president-park-geun-hye-over-her-links-with-cho.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea, South Korea_
