### [2013-04-11](/news/2013/04/11/index.md)

# Tornadoes destroy a church and damage dozens of homes in the Midwestern United States, cutting off electricity in several areas, and prompting Missouri Governor Jay Nixon to declare a state of emergency. 




### Source:

1. [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2307281/Midwest-weather-Tornado-rocks-Arkansas-Minnesota-hit-massive-snow-ice-storm.html)

### Related:

1. [Governor Jay Nixon declares a state of emergency and curfew in the town of Ferguson, Missouri following nights of rioting. ](/news/2014/08/16/governor-jay-nixon-declares-a-state-of-emergency-and-curfew-in-the-town-of-ferguson-missouri-following-nights-of-rioting.md) _Context: Jay Nixon, Missouri, states of emergency_
2. [January 29-30, 2013 tornado outbreak: Severe thunderstorms and tornadoes affect the midwestern and southern United States with damage reported in several states, from Missouri to Georgia, and at least two people killed. ](/news/2013/01/30/january-29a30-2013-tornado-outbreak-severe-thunderstorms-and-tornadoes-affect-the-midwestern-and-southern-united-states-with-damage-repo.md) _Context: Missouri, destroy, tornado_
3. [Robert Bentley, the Governor of Alabama, declares a state of emergency due to forecasts of storms with the threat of tornadoes during the day. The neighboring state of Georgia also faces the threat of severe weather. ](/news/2017/04/4/robert-bentley-the-governor-of-alabama-declares-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-forecasts-of-storms-with-the-threat-of-tornadoes-during-the-da.md) _Context: states of emergency, tornado_
4. [The death tolls from tornadoes and floods in the midwestern and southern United States rises to ten with two people missing. ](/news/2017/04/30/the-death-tolls-from-tornadoes-and-floods-in-the-midwestern-and-southern-united-states-rises-to-ten-with-two-people-missing.md) _Context: midwestern, tornado_
5. [In a second day of severe weather, at least seven people are injured as tornadoes sweep across the Midwestern and Southern part of the United States, with more severe weather expected. ](/news/2016/04/1/in-a-second-day-of-severe-weather-at-least-seven-people-are-injured-as-tornadoes-sweep-across-the-midwestern-and-southern-part-of-the-unite.md) _Context: midwestern, tornado_
6. [Missouri Governor Jay Nixon warns residents that the state faces historic flooding that likely will rival Great Flood of 1993 levels. Swollen rivers are still rising and won't crest for days. The Mississippi River is expected to reach nearly 15 feet above flood stage on Thursday. Nixon pleaded with drivers to stay off inundated roadways. Twelve of the 13 people killed from these recent storms died after their vehicles were swept from flooded roadways. ](/news/2015/12/29/missouri-governor-jay-nixon-warns-residents-that-the-state-faces-historic-flooding-that-likely-will-rival-great-flood-of-1993-levels-swolle.md) _Context: Jay Nixon, Missouri Governor_
7. [At least 11 people are killed as tornadoes strike Dallas, Texas, and five people die in a flash flood in Illinois. A total of 34 people have died in this week's smorgCNYsbord of storms that started Wednesday. Mark Wiley of the National Weather Service says this rare run of December tornado storms in the South and Midwest, and spring-like temperatures across much of the North and East, in part to a strong El Nino. ](/news/2015/12/27/at-least-11-people-are-killed-as-tornadoes-strike-dallas-texas-and-five-people-die-in-a-flash-flood-in-illinois-a-total-of-34-people-have.md) _Context: midwestern, tornado_
8. [At least six people die and dozens injured as major storms, packed with tornadoes, move through the American South and Midwest. Three people died when a tornado hit northern Mississippi, one was killed in Arkansas and two more in Tennessee. Officials continue searching into the night for the missing. ](/news/2015/12/23/at-least-six-people-die-and-dozens-injured-as-major-storms-packed-with-tornadoes-move-through-the-american-south-and-midwest-three-people.md) _Context: midwestern, tornado_
9. [The Governor of the US state of Missouri, Jay Nixon, dispatches the Missouri National Guard to the St. Louis suburb of Ferguson following a week of often violent protest after the shooting of Michael Brown. ](/news/2014/08/18/the-governor-of-the-us-state-of-missouri-jay-nixon-dispatches-the-missouri-national-guard-to-the-st-louis-suburb-of-ferguson-following-a.md) _Context: Jay Nixon, Missouri_
10. [River flooding continues in six states in the midwestern United States with several towns north of St. Louis, Missouri, expecting the Mississippi River to reach a crest. ](/news/2013/04/21/river-flooding-continues-in-six-states-in-the-midwestern-united-states-with-several-towns-north-of-st-louis-missouri-expecting-the-missis.md) _Context: Missouri, midwestern_
