### [2013-04-11](/news/2013/04/11/index.md)

# Two women are beheaded while another woman and her two daughters await the same fate as they are held captive on accusations of sorcery in Bougainville, Papua New Guinea. 

Two women have been beheaded while another woman and her two daughters await the same fate as a they are held captive on accusations of sorcery in Papua New Guinea. - New Zealand Herald


### Source:

1. [The New Zealand Herald](http://www.nzherald.co.nz/world/news/article.cfm?c_id=2&objectid=10876884)

### Related:

1. [A 7.9 magnitude earthquake hits west of Panguna, Papua New Guinea, beneath Bougainville Island. No immediate reports of casualties or major damage. Tsunami alert for Papua New Guinea and the Solomon Islands is rescinded. ](/news/2017/01/22/a-7-9-magnitude-earthquake-hits-west-of-panguna-papua-new-guinea-beneath-bougainville-island-no-immediate-reports-of-casualties-or-major.md) _Context: Bougainville Island, Papua New Guinea_
2. [ Papua New Guinea decides to evacuate the 1500 inhabitants of Carteret Atoll to Bougainville, 100 km away, over the next two years. The atolls, maximum elevation 1.5 metres, are the first inhabited land to be abandoned to rising sea levels and they are expected to be totally inundated by around 2015. ](/news/2005/11/25/papua-new-guinea-decides-to-evacuate-the-1500-inhabitants-of-carteret-atoll-to-bougainville-100-km-away-over-the-next-two-years-the-atol.md) _Context: Bougainville Island, Papua New Guinea_
3. [ Francis Ona, the leader of the former Bougainville Revolutionary Army, has died in village on Bougainville following a short illness. Ona led the bloody 10-year secessionist war against Papua New Guinea that ended in 1997. ](/news/2005/07/24/francis-ona-the-leader-of-the-former-bougainville-revolutionary-army-has-died-in-village-on-bougainville-following-a-short-illness-ona-l.md) _Context: Bougainville Island, Papua New Guinea_
4. [Papua New Guinean general election, 2017. The parliament of Papua New Guinea re-elects Peter O'Neill as Prime Minister, ending a chaotic election campaign marred by violence, which analysts fear may continue amid widespread voter unrest. ](/news/2017/08/2/papua-new-guinean-general-election-2017-the-parliament-of-papua-new-guinea-re-elects-peter-o-neill-as-prime-minister-ending-a-chaotic-ele.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea_
5. [Papua New Guinean general election, 2017. Polling places open in Papua New Guinea, and will remain open for two weeks, to elect all 111 members of the National Parliament. The People's National Congress led by Prime Minister Peter O'Neill is considered likely to maintain a governing coalition, despite uncertainty due to lack of opinion polling. ](/news/2017/06/24/papua-new-guinean-general-election-2017-polling-places-open-in-papua-new-guinea-and-will-remain-open-for-two-weeks-to-elect-all-111-memb.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea_
6. [CNN terminates its "New Year's Eve Live" contract with Kathy Griffin after she released a photograph of her holding a mock decapitated head of President Donald Trump. ](/news/2017/05/31/cnn-terminates-its-new-year-s-eve-live-contract-with-kathy-griffin-after-she-released-a-photograph-of-her-holding-a-mock-decapitated-head.md) _Context: decapitated_
7. [Papua New Guinean media reports confirm that 17 people were fatally shot by prison officers during a prison escape in Lae on May 12. ](/news/2017/05/15/papua-new-guinean-media-reports-confirm-that-17-people-were-fatally-shot-by-prison-officers-during-a-prison-escape-in-lae-on-may-12.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea_
8. [Tsunami warnings are issued for the Pacific region, including Indonesia and the Solomon Islands, following a 7.9 magnitude earthquake east of Papua New Guinea. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center later reports the threat has largely passed. ](/news/2016/12/17/tsunami-warnings-are-issued-for-the-pacific-region-including-indonesia-and-the-solomon-islands-following-a-7-9-magnitude-earthquake-east-o.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea_
9. [Australia-United States relations. Australia and the United States reach a deal to relocate asylum seekers from Nauru and Papua New Guinea's Manus Island to the U.S. ](/news/2016/11/13/australia-united-states-relations-australia-and-the-united-states-reach-a-deal-to-relocate-asylum-seekers-from-nauru-and-papua-new-guinea.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea_
10. [Manus Island. A court in Papua New Guinea orders the closure of the facility housing migrants. ](/news/2016/08/3/manus-island-a-court-in-papua-new-guinea-orders-the-closure-of-the-facility-housing-migrants.md) _Context: Papua New Guinea_
