### [2005-06-23](/news/2005/06/23/index.md)

#  Elderly former Ku Klux Klansman Edgar Ray Killen was sentenced to 60 years in prison for the 1964 killing of three civil rights workers, the notorious crime that galvanized the civil rights movement and inspired the 1988 movie "Mississippi Burning". Circuit Judge Marcus Gordon handed down the maximum possible sentence for the 80-year-old former Baptist preacher, a punishment which will likely keep him in prison for the rest of his life. 

Reuters.com is your online source for the latest U.S. news stories from coast to coast and stay current on the events that shape our nation.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=domesticNews&storyID=8873463)
1. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [ 80-year-old Edgar Ray Killen is arrested for the 1964 killings of three civil rights workers that inspired the American Civil Rights Movement and the film "Mississippi Burning". ](/news/2005/01/7/80-year-old-edgar-ray-killen-is-arrested-for-the-1964-killings-of-three-civil-rights-workers-that-inspired-the-american-civil-rights-moveme.md) _Context: Edgar Ray Killen, Mississippi Burning_
2. [Three people are stabbed, including one person critically wounded, and several people are arrested after a Ku Klux Klan (KKK) rally in Anaheim, California turns violent. ](/news/2016/02/27/three-people-are-stabbed-including-one-person-critically-wounded-and-several-people-are-arrested-after-a-ku-klux-klan-kkk-rally-in-anahe.md) _Context: Ku Klux Klan_
3. [In the United States, the hacking group Anonymous starts releasing names and information about alleged members of the Ku Klux Klan (KKK), a white-supremacist terrorist group originally founded after the Civil War by former Confederate soldiers. Prominent individuals listed deny the allegations. The group says they also infiltrated KKK-affiliated websites, and warned of more action culminating on November 24, the anniversary of the Ferguson, Missouri grand jury's decision not to indict. ](/news/2015/11/2/in-the-united-states-the-hacking-group-anonymous-starts-releasing-names-and-information-about-alleged-members-of-the-ku-klux-klan-kkk-a.md) _Context: Ku Klux Klan_
4. [A Ku Klux Klan flag is erected in the east of Belfast, Northern Ireland, sparking outrage amid a recent surge in racist attacks in the city. ](/news/2014/07/1/a-ku-klux-klan-flag-is-erected-in-the-east-of-belfast-northern-ireland-sparking-outrage-amid-a-recent-surge-in-racist-attacks-in-the-city.md) _Context: Ku Klux Klan_
5. [The Federal government recognizes same-sex marriage in the United States in all legal matters as Eric Holder compares it to the Civil Rights Movement. ](/news/2014/02/9/the-federal-government-recognizes-same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-in-all-legal-matters-as-eric-holder-compares-it-to-the-civil-rights.md) _Context: Civil Rights Movement_
6. [The Senate of the US state of North Carolina pardons former Governor William Woods Holden who was impeached in 1871 because of his suspension of habeas corpus in the process of battling the Ku Klux Klan terror campaign. ](/news/2011/04/12/the-senate-of-the-us-state-of-north-carolina-pardons-former-governor-william-woods-holden-who-was-impeached-in-1871-because-of-his-suspensio.md) _Context: Ku Klux Klan_
7. [A white teacher in Dahlonega, Georgia is suspended after permitting non-black students to bring bed sheets and cone-shaped party hats to school to dress in the traditional costume of right-wing white supremacist nationalist organisation Ku Klux Klan for a film project. She refuses to apologise after the issue is raised by African-American students when one of them was asked to take part in a re-enactment of a lynching. ](/news/2010/05/25/a-white-teacher-in-dahlonega-georgia-is-suspended-after-permitting-non-black-students-to-bring-bed-sheets-and-cone-shaped-party-hats-to-sch.md) _Context: Ku Klux Klan_
8. [ Former Ku Klux Klan member James Seale is sentenced to life imprisonment for his role in the 1964 murder of two black men in the U.S. state of Mississippi. ](/news/2007/08/24/former-ku-klux-klan-member-james-seale-is-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-for-his-role-in-the-1964-murder-of-two-black-men-in-the-u-s-state.md) _Context: Ku Klux Klan_
9. [ A U.S. federal jury convicts former Klansman James Ford Seale of kidnapping and conspiracy in connection with the 1964 deaths of two African-American teenagers in Mississippi. ](/news/2007/06/14/a-u-s-federal-jury-convicts-former-klansman-james-ford-seale-of-kidnapping-and-conspiracy-in-connection-with-the-1964-deaths-of-two-africa.md) _Context: Ku Klux Klan_
10. [ Rosa Parks, whose famous refusal in 1955 to surrender her bus seat to a white man in Montgomery, Alabama triggered a bus-boycott and the beginning of the modern U.S. civil rights movement, died at the age of 92. The recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom was known to have suffered from dementia. Sources state that she died at her home in Detroit of natural causes. ](/news/2005/10/24/rosa-parks-whose-famous-refusal-in-1955-to-surrender-her-bus-seat-to-a-white-man-in-montgomery-alabama-triggered-a-bus-boycott-and-the-be.md) _Context: Civil Rights Movement_
