### [2005-06-23](/news/2005/06/23/index.md)

#  In Israel, Mordechai Vanunu appeals to the supreme court to order Shin Bet to release letters he wrote during his time in prison. Security service claims that the letters contain sensitive information 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/591594.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=8870851)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A report by two Israeli human rights groups, B'Tselem and HaMoked, states dozens of Palestinian detainees at the Shin Bet's Shikma interrogation facility in Ashkelon have been subjected to mistreatment, and in some cases torture. The report examined affidavits and personal accounts from 116 Palestinians held for security reasons at the facility between August 2013 and March 2014. ](/news/2016/02/24/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-report-by-two-israeli-human-rights-groups-b-tselem-and-hamoked-states-dozens-of-palestinian-detainees-at.md) _Context: Israel, Shin Bet's_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The bodies of three kidnapped Israeli teenagers, including one with dual American citizenship, are found partially buried near Hebron on the West Bank. Shin Bet determined they were murdered shortly after being kidnapped, and is searching for two Hamas kidnappers and accomplices.](/news/2014/06/30/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-bodies-of-three-kidnapped-israeli-teenagers-including-one-with-dual-american-citizenship-are-found-par.md) _Context: Israel, Shin Bet's_
3. [Three Israeli teenagers were kidnapped by Palestinian militants. The Israel Defense Forces and Shin-Bet deployed large forces through the West Bank in order to find and rescue them. ([http://www.jpost.com/Defense/Names-of-missing-teenage-yeshiva-students-released-359317 Jerusalem Post])](/news/2014/06/12/three-israeli-teenagers-were-kidnapped-by-palestinian-militants-the-israel-defense-forces-and-shin-bet-deployed-large-forces-through-the-we.md) _Context: Israel, Shin Bet's_
4. [Israeli police and Shin Bet arrest several suspects in relation to the bombing of a public bus in Tel Aviv. The suspects claim affiliation with Hamas and Islamic Jihad and reveal they planted the bomb on the bus and detonated it remotely using a cell phone. ](/news/2012/11/22/israeli-police-and-shin-bet-arrest-several-suspects-in-relation-to-the-bombing-of-a-public-bus-in-tel-aviv-the-suspects-claim-affiliation-w.md) _Context: Israel, Shin Bet's_
5. [Mordechai Vanunu, who spoke about Israel's nuclear ambitions to "The Sunday Times" in 1986 and was referred to as a "prisoner of conscience" by Amnesty International after Israel imprisoned him for that action, is released from prison again after serving three months for meeting foreigners, including his Norwegian girlfriend, in 2007. He requests that he be allowed to leave Israel. ](/news/2010/08/8/mordechai-vanunu-who-spoke-about-israel-s-nuclear-ambitions-to-the-sunday-times-in-1986-and-was-referred-to-as-a-prisoner-of-conscience.md) _Context: Israel, Mordechai Vanunu_
6. [Mordechai Vanunu, the Israeli nuclear whistleblower who spent 18 years in prison, goes back to jail for violating the terms of his parole. ](/news/2010/05/23/mordechai-vanunu-the-israeli-nuclear-whistleblower-who-spent-18-years-in-prison-goes-back-to-jail-for-violating-the-terms-of-his-parole.md) _Context: Israel, Mordechai Vanunu_
7. [ An Israeli citizen from an Israeli settlement east of Jerusalem was found murdered in Ramallah after Hamas killed the man they accused of being a member of the Shabak. ](/news/2005/09/26/an-israeli-citizen-from-an-israeli-settlement-east-of-jerusalem-was-found-murdered-in-ramallah-after-hamas-killed-the-man-they-accused-of-b.md) _Context: Israel, Shin Bet's_
8. [ The Israeli Shin Bet (SHABAK) states that one month ago it arrested an alleged eight-member Palestinian militant cell in Nablus that included four teenage would-be suicide bombers. It claimed that the cell was part of Fatah (the ruling party of the Palestinian Authority), and that the Lebanese group Hezbollah was behind it. ](/news/2005/06/15/the-israeli-shin-bet-shabak-states-that-one-month-ago-it-arrested-an-alleged-eight-member-palestinian-militant-cell-in-nablus-that-includ.md) _Context: Israel, Shin Bet's_
9. [ Israel extends the travel ban of Mordechai Vanunu. ](/news/2005/04/19/israel-extends-the-travel-ban-of-mordechai-vanunu.md) _Context: Israel, Mordechai Vanunu_
10. [ In Israel, Mordechai Vanunu is charged with 21 counts of violating the terms of his parole. ](/news/2005/04/12/in-israel-mordechai-vanunu-is-charged-with-21-counts-of-violating-the-terms-of-his-parole.md) _Context: Israel, Mordechai Vanunu_
