### [2005-06-23](/news/2005/06/23/index.md)

#  The Supreme Court of the United States decides 5-4 in the case "Kelo v. New London" that local governments can seize residential and commercial property for private development projects against the will of property owners as a "public use" under the 5th Amendment. 




### Source:

1. [Market Watch](http://www.marketwatch.com/news/newsfinder/pulseone.asp?dateid=38526.4403289236-837180966&siteID=mktw&scid=0&doctype=806)
2. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2005/06/23/politics/23wire-scotus.html)

### Related:

1. [Same-sex marriage in the United States:: The U.S. Supreme Court rules that Section 3 of the Defense of Marriage Act is unconstitutional and in violation of the Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution. ](/news/2013/06/26/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-section-3-of-the-defense-of-marriage-act-is-unconstitutional-and.md) _Context: Fifth Amendment, U.S. Supreme Court_
2. [Executive Order 13780, "Hawaii v. Trump": The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June order that permits admission to the U.S. of those with a bona fide relationship. ](/news/2017/07/14/executive-order-13780-hawaii-v-trump-the-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
3. [Immigration policy of Donald Trump: The Supreme Court of the United States partially reinstates President Donald Trump's travel ban and invalidates certain injunctions that were put on the order by two federal appeals courts earlier. Final oral hearings concerning the legality of the Executive Order 13780 will be held in October 2017 at the Supreme Court. ](/news/2017/06/26/immigration-policy-of-donald-trump-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-partially-reinstates-president-donald-trump-s-travel-ban-and-inva.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
4. [Freedom of speech in the United States: The Slants win their case with the Supreme Court of the United States that the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office's rejection of their trademark under the Lanham Act due to their name being "disparaging" is an unconstitutional violation of their free speech rights under the First Amendment. ](/news/2017/06/19/freedom-of-speech-in-the-united-states-the-slants-win-their-case-with-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-that-the-u-s-patent-and-trade.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
5. [United States immigration ban: The Department of Justice asks the Supreme Court for expedited review of the Fourth Circuit Appeals Court's May 25 ruling that affirmed the Maryland district court decision to prevent implementation of revised Executive Order 13780, and let the travel ban take effect. The Appeals Court of the Ninth Circuit has not announced its decision on a similar ruling from Hawaii. ](/news/2017/06/1/united-states-immigration-ban-the-department-of-justice-asks-the-supreme-court-for-expedited-review-of-the-fourth-circuit-appeals-court-s-m.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
6. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections: According to sources familiar with his decision, former U.S. National Security Advisor Michael Flynn invokes his Fifth Amendment protection against self-incrimination and declines to comply with a subpoena from the Senate Intelligence Committee investigating possible Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election. ](/news/2017/05/22/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-according-to-sources-familiar-with-his-decision-former-u-s-national-security-adv.md) _Context: Fifth Amendment_
7. [North Carolina's congressional districts: The United States Supreme Court rejects two of North Carolina's congressional districts because they violated the Constitution by relying too heavily on race in drawing them. ](/news/2017/05/22/north-carolina-s-congressional-districts-the-united-states-supreme-court-rejects-two-of-north-carolina-s-congressional-districts-because-th.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
8. [Voter ID laws in the United States: The U.S. Supreme Court rules that the North Carolina state legislative members do not have standing to request an appeal of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ruling against a law which it found discriminated against black voters. ](/news/2017/05/15/voter-id-laws-in-the-united-states-the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-the-north-carolina-state-legislative-members-do-not-have-standing-to-r.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
9. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54-45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
10. [The Supreme Court of the United States refuses to vacate a stay of execution issued by the Arkansas Supreme Court. Arkansas's highest court has also put on hold the execution of another inmate, Bruce Ward. The state had planned to execute eight inmates in eleven days. That schedule, as well as the use of the drug midazolam, sparked a broad range of legal challenges and humanitarian concerns about the executions. Today's planned execution of Don W. Davis would have been the state's first since 2005. ](/news/2017/04/18/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-refuses-to-vacate-a-stay-of-execution-issued-by-the-arkansas-supreme-court-arkansas-s-highest-court.md) _Context: U.S. Supreme Court_
