### [2012-07-21](/news/2012/07/21/index.md)

# President of Russia Vladimir Putin signs the bill branding non-governmental organizations, which receive funding from abroad, as "foreign agents" into law, criticized by opponents as part of a campaign to suppress dissent. 

Russian President Vladimir Putin has approved a law which will tighten controls on civil rights groups funded from abroad, the his press office said on Saturday, a step opponents say is part of a campaign to suppress dissent.


### Source:

1. [Gulf News](http://gulfnews.com/news/world/other-world/putin-signs-law-branding-ngos-foreign-agents-1.1051897)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2012/07/21/us-russia-putin-ngos-idUSBRE86K05M20120721)
2. [Cover Image](http://s1.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20120721&t=2&i=632777037&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=CBRE86K0OUE00)

### Related:

1. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu cancels a visit with the foreign minister of Germany Sigmar Gabriel after the latter's refusal to cancel a meeting with the Israel Defense Forces veterans NGO Breaking the Silence saying the group "slanders IDF soldiers as war criminals](/news/2017/04/25/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-cancels-a-visit-with-the-foreign-minister-of-germany-sigmar-gabriel-after-the-latter-s-refusal-t.md) _Context: NGO_
2. [An Italian prosecutor says there are "telephone calls" between people smugglers in Libya and some non-governmental organizations. Frontex, the European Border and Coast Guard Agency, says the practices amount to a "taxi service". One NGO says "more would die" if they were not there. ](/news/2017/04/23/an-italian-prosecutor-says-there-are-telephone-calls-between-people-smugglers-in-libya-and-some-non-governmental-organizations-frontex-t.md) _Context: NGO_
3. [The Spanish-based Proactiva Open Arms NGO rescues more than 700 migrants in the Mediterranean Sea about 17 miles north of Sabratha, Libya. The rescued, who are from Nigeria, are transferred to the Italian Coast Guard. ](/news/2016/08/28/the-spanish-based-proactiva-open-arms-ngo-rescues-more-than-700-migrants-in-the-mediterranean-sea-about-17-miles-north-of-sabratha-libya-t.md) _Context: NGO_
4. [Egyptian authorities order the closure of the Egyptian branch of the International Rehabilitation Council for Torture Victims (IRCT), a prominent NGO that documents alleged human rights abuses and treats torture victims. Amnesty International condemns the closure of the Nadeem centre, saying the NGO gives a lifeline to hundreds of victims of torture and families of people subjected to enforced disappearances. ](/news/2016/02/17/egyptian-authorities-order-the-closure-of-the-egyptian-branch-of-the-international-rehabilitation-council-for-torture-victims-irct-a-prom.md) _Context: NGO_
5. [Humanitarian International Services Group, an NGO founded by evangelical Christian Kay Miramine, was part of a secret Pentagon program devised by Lt. Gen. William Boykin used to spy on North Korea, according to an investigation by the online publication "The Intercept." The program, which started in 2004, was shut down in 2012 by now-retired Admiral William McRaven, concerned with pushback if this became public. Some current and former American NGO staff with experience in North Korea have expressed doubts about key claims in the report. ](/news/2015/10/27/humanitarian-international-services-group-an-ngo-founded-by-evangelical-christian-kay-miramine-was-part-of-a-secret-pentagon-program-devis.md) _Context: NGO_
6. [Luhansk People's Republic officials in Donetsk tell U.N. agencies and several other international NGOs to leave the Luhansk region in eastern Ukraine. Despite the Minsk Protocol and Minsk II peace agreements low intensity fighting and shelling have continued non-stop in the region for over a year. ](/news/2015/09/24/luhansk-people-s-republic-officials-in-donetsk-tell-u-n-agencies-and-several-other-international-ngos-to-leave-the-luhansk-region-in-easter.md) _Context: NGO_
7. [Pakistan orders foreign nationals working for the Save the Children NGO to leave the country within four weeks. The Pakistani government has accused the organization of being linked to the fake vaccination program used in the hunt for Osama bin Laden. The charity and the U.S. government deny any links. ](/news/2012/09/7/pakistan-orders-foreign-nationals-working-for-the-save-the-children-ngo-to-leave-the-country-within-four-weeks-the-pakistani-government-has.md) _Context: NGO_
8. [ The non-governmental organization Freedom House ranks Burma, Cuba, Libya, North Korea, Sudan, Syria, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan as the worst violators of human rights. FH also cited Tibet and Chechnya as areas of intense repression. ](/news/2006/09/8/the-non-governmental-organization-freedom-house-ranks-burma-cuba-libya-north-korea-sudan-syria-turkmenistan-and-uzbekistan-as-the-wo.md) _Context: NGO_
9. [ A number of non-governmental organizations meet in Geneva, Switzerland in the World Water Forum. They call for water to be treated as a common asset instead of being privatized. ](/news/2005/03/17/a-number-of-non-governmental-organizations-meet-in-geneva-switzerland-in-the-world-water-forum-they-call-for-water-to-be-treated-as-a-com.md) _Context: NGO_
10. [ The NGO aid agency Mdecins Sans Frontires ends work in Iraq due to the "escalating violence" and "the warring parties have repeatedly shown their disrespect for independent humanitarian assistance." ](/news/2004/11/4/the-ngo-aid-agency-medecins-sans-frontieres-ends-work-in-iraq-due-to-the-escalating-violence-and-the-warring-parties-have-repeatedly-sho.md) _Context: NGO_
