### [2012-07-21](/news/2012/07/21/index.md)

# Russian President Vladimir Putin signs a federal law "On ratification of the Protocol on the Accession of the Russian Federation to the Marrakesh Agreement Establishing the World Trade Organization on April 15, 1994" that authorizes Russia's accession to the World Trade Organization (WTO) after almost 18 years of negotiations. 




### Source:

1. [Kremlin.ru](http://www.kremlin.ru/acts/16041)
2. [RIA Novosti](http://en.rian.ru/russia/20120721/174715444.html)
3. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/business/putin-signs-protocol-for-russia-to-join-world-trade-organization/2012/07/21/gJQAYM5O0W_story.html)

### Related:

1. [2014 Crimean crisis:Russian President Vladimir Putin holds a press conference, saying that "force isn't needed right now" after deploying roughly 16,000 troops to Crimea. ](/news/2014/03/4/2014-crimean-crisis-prussian-president-vladimir-putin-holds-a-press-conference-saying-that-aforce-isnat-needed-right-nowa-after-deplo.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
2. [ Viktor Khristenko, the Russian Industry and Energy Minister, and  Baktykozha Izmukhambetov, the Kazakh Energy and Mineral Resources' Minister, sign an intergovernmental  agreement creating a joint venture to process gas from the Karachaganak field in West Kazakhstan. Russian President Vladimir Putin said the agreement was the solution to "the energy problems of key partners, including those in Western Europe." ](/news/2006/10/3/viktor-khristenko-the-russian-industry-and-energy-minister-and-baktykozha-izmukhambetov-the-kazakh-energy-and-mineral-resources-minist.md) _Context: Russian President, Vladimir Putin_
3. [U.S. President Donald Trump says he and Russian President Vladimir Putin "discussed forming an impenetrable cybersecurity unit so that election hacking, and many other negative things, will be guarded and safe." Trump later says he does not think this will happen. ](/news/2017/07/9/u-s-president-donald-trump-says-he-and-russian-president-vladimir-putin-discussed-forming-an-impenetrable-cybersecurity-unit-so-that-elect.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin_
4. [Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-president-donald-trump-who-is.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin_
5. [Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who later had to cut short his visit to Moscow because of terrorist attacks on the Philippine southern island of Mindanao, tells Russia President Vladimir Putin that the Philippines is looking to Russia for modern arms to fight ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/22/philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-who-later-had-to-cut-short-his-visit-to-moscow-because-of-terrorist-attacks-on-the-philippine-southern.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin_
6. [Russian president Vladimir Putin attends the International Arctic Forum in Arkhangelsk, Russia. He says there that he is ready to meet U.S. President Donald Trump in Helsinki, Finland. ](/news/2017/03/30/russian-president-vladimir-putin-attends-the-international-arctic-forum-in-arkhangelsk-russia-he-says-there-that-he-is-ready-to-meet-u-s.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin_
7. [French National Front presidential candidate Marine Le Pen meets with Russian president Vladimir Putin and afterwards urges that European Union sanctions on Russia be lifted. ](/news/2017/03/24/french-national-front-presidential-candidate-marine-le-pen-meets-with-russian-president-vladimir-putin-and-afterwards-urges-that-european-un.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin_
8. [When Russian President Vladimir Putin, during the January telephone conversation with President Donald Trump,  raised the possibility of extending the 2010  New START treaty that caps U.S. and Russian deployment of nuclear warheads, President Trump    declined, stating that this treaty  is a bad deal for the United States. ](/news/2017/02/9/when-russian-president-vladimir-putin-during-the-january-telephone-conversation-with-president-donald-trump-raised-the-possibility-of-ext.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin_
9. [President of Russia Vladimir Putin signs into law the decriminalization of domestic violence. ](/news/2017/02/7/president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-signs-into-law-the-decriminalization-of-domestic-violence.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin_
10. [At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that   civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized.  Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol-takes-effect-m.md) _Context: Vladimir Putin_
