### [2013-04-17](/news/2013/04/17/index.md)

# Funeral of Margaret Thatcher:: The former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's ceremonial funeral is held in London. 

Here&#039;s everything you need to know about the timetable of events ahead of the funeral of former British prime minister Margaret Thatcher. 


### Source:

1. [Metro](http://metro.co.uk/2013/04/16/margaret-thatcher-funeral-timetable-times-route-guests-and-travel-3618693/)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2013/apr/17/protesters-turn-backs-thatcher-coffin)
3. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2013/apr/17/thatcher-funeral-foreign-leaders-st-pauls)
4. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/blog/2013/apr/17/lady-thatcher-funeral-live-blog)

### Related:

1. [Death of Margaret Thatcher:: Margaret Thatcher, former British Prime Minister, dies of a stroke at the age of 87 in London. ](/news/2013/04/8/death-of-margaret-thatcher-margaret-thatcher-former-british-prime-minister-dies-of-a-stroke-at-the-age-of-87-in-london.md) _Context: Britain, Funeral of Margaret Thatcher, London, Margaret Thatcher, Prime Minister_
2. [Former Chancellor of Germany Helmut Kohl blames recently deceased former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher's hostility towards a closer Europe as the cause for ongoing tensions between the United Kingdom and the European Union. ](/news/2013/04/11/former-chancellor-of-germany-helmut-kohl-blames-recently-deceased-former-british-prime-minister-margaret-thatcher-s-hostility-towards-a-clos.md) _Context: Britain, Funeral of Margaret Thatcher, Margaret Thatcher, Prime Minister_
3. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's "Daily Telegraph", urges Britons to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to.md) _Context: Britain, London, Prime Minister_
4. [The Parliament of the United Kingdom gather for a special session to debate the legacy of former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher. ](/news/2013/04/10/the-parliament-of-the-united-kingdom-gather-for-a-special-session-to-debate-the-legacy-of-former-prime-minister-margaret-thatcher.md) _Context: Britain, Margaret Thatcher, Prime Minister_
5. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-c.md) _Context: Britain, Prime Minister_
6. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held.md) _Context: Britain, Prime Minister_
7. [Brexit: British Prime Minister Theresa May signs a letter invoking Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. Its notification to the European Council tomorrow will formally begin the UK's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2017/03/28/brexit-british-prime-minister-theresa-may-signs-a-letter-invoking-article-50-of-the-treaty-on-european-union-its-notification-to-the-europ.md) _Context: Britain, Prime Minister_
8. [Aftermath of the United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016: After much speculation British Prime Minister Theresa May announces that the United Kingdom will be leaving the European Single Market. ](/news/2017/01/17/aftermath-of-the-united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-after-much-speculation-british-prime-minister-theresa-may-announ.md) _Context: Britain, Prime Minister_
9. [Aftermath of the United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016: Theresa May, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, announces March 2017 as the deadline for triggering Article 50 and says that her government will introduce a "Great Repeal Bill" that will repeal the European Communities Act 1972 once the United Kingdom leaves the European Union. ](/news/2016/10/2/aftermath-of-the-united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-theresa-may-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-announces.md) _Context: Britain, Prime Minister_
10. [Air China receives criticism in the United Kingdom after it releases an advertisement warning passengers from visiting areas of London populated by blacks, Indians and Pakistanis. ](/news/2016/09/7/air-china-receives-criticism-in-the-united-kingdom-after-it-releases-an-advertisement-warning-passengers-from-visiting-areas-of-london-popul.md) _Context: Britain, London_
