### [2013-04-17](/news/2013/04/17/index.md)

# Venezuela's opposition leader Henrique Capriles distances himself from post-election street violence after seven people are killed in riots over the results of the presidential election. Capriles had previously planned to march on the National Electoral Council to demand a recount. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/04/17/us-venezuela-election-idUSBRE93F0RU20130417)

### Related:

1. [Nicolas Maduro wins a narrow victory in Venezuela's presidential election over Henrique Capriles. Maduro is due to be sworn in as President of Venezuela on 19 April and is set to serve until January 2019, to complete the term of recently deceased President Hugo Chavez. Capriles refuses to acknowledge defeat and calls for a recount. ](/news/2013/04/15/nicola-s-maduro-wins-a-narrow-victory-in-venezuela-s-presidential-election-over-henrique-capriles-maduro-is-due-to-be-sworn-in-as-president.md) _Context: Venezuela, last month's presidential election, recount_
2. [Nicolas Maduro, acting President of Venezuela, officially begins his campaign to succeed Hugo Chavez in the late leader's hometown ahead of the April 14 election. ](/news/2013/04/3/nicola-s-maduro-acting-president-of-venezuela-officially-begins-his-campaign-to-succeed-hugo-cha-vez-in-the-late-leader-s-hometown-ahead-o.md) _Context: Venezuela, last month's presidential election_
3. [Nicols Maduro is sworn in as the President of Venezuela despite a review of the results of the Venezuelan presidential election. ](/news/2013/04/19/nicolas-maduro-is-sworn-in-as-the-president-of-venezuela-despite-a-review-of-the-results-of-the-venezuelan-presidential-election.md) _Context: Venezuela, last month's presidential election_
4. [Voters in Venezuela go to the polls for a snap presidential election, which was called after the death of President Hugo Chavez on March 5. ](/news/2013/04/14/voters-in-venezuela-go-to-the-polls-for-a-snap-presidential-election-which-was-called-after-the-death-of-president-hugo-cha-vez-on-march-5.md) _Context: Venezuela, last month's presidential election_
5. [Venezuela cuts off an informal channel of communication with the United States because of comments by a US State Department official about next month's presidential election. ](/news/2013/03/20/venezuela-cuts-off-an-informal-channel-of-communication-with-the-united-states-because-of-comments-by-a-us-state-department-official-about-n.md) _Context: Venezuela, last month's presidential election_
6. [Interim President of Venezuela Nicolas Maduro files papers to stand in the presidential election on April 14 with Henrique Capriles Radonski standing as an opposition candidate. ](/news/2013/03/11/interim-president-of-venezuela-nicola-s-maduro-files-papers-to-stand-in-the-presidential-election-on-april-14-with-henrique-capriles-radonsk.md) _Context: Venezuela, last month's presidential election_
7. [The Venezuelan opposition Mesa de la Unidad Democratica holds a primary election, selecting Henrique Capriles as its candidate for the presidential election in early October. ](/news/2012/02/12/the-venezuelan-opposition-mesa-de-la-unidad-democra-tica-holds-a-primary-election-selecting-henrique-capriles-as-its-candidate-for-the-pres.md) _Context: Henrique Capriles, Venezuela_
8. [Socorro Flores Liera, Mexico's deputy foreign minister for Latin America and the Caribbean, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Mexico City, that during the first half of 2017, 1,420 Venezuelans have sought asylum in Mexico, a nearly four-fold jump compared to the 361 total Venezuelan asylum applicants for all of 2016, as the result of Venezuela's deepening political and economic crisis. ](/news/2017/08/4/socorro-flores-liera-mexico-s-deputy-foreign-minister-for-latin-america-and-the-caribbean-speaks-during-an-interview-with-reuters-in-mexic.md) _Context: Venezuela_
9. [South American trade bloc Mercosur will trigger its democratic clause this weekend to suspend Venezuela indefinitely, furthering its past temporary suspension, and not allow the country back until internal political issues have been resolved. ](/news/2017/08/3/south-american-trade-bloc-mercosur-will-trigger-its-democratic-clause-this-weekend-to-suspend-venezuela-indefinitely-furthering-its-past-te.md) _Context: Venezuela_
10. [Venezuelan opposition leaders Leopoldo Lopez and Mayor of Caracas Antonio Ledezma are seized at their homes overnight by the Bolivarian Intelligence Service (SEBIN) and taken to Ramo Verde Prison. They had been arrested previously by the Venezuelan  government, but were under house arrest at the time of being seized. ](/news/2017/08/1/venezuelan-opposition-leaders-leopoldo-la3pez-and-mayor-of-caracas-antonio-ledezma-are-seized-at-their-homes-overnight-by-the-bolivarian-int.md) _Context: Venezuela_
