### [2016-05-29](/news/2016/05/29/index.md)

#  Boko Haram insurgency: Niger security forces kill 12 Boko Haram militants in Bosso. 

Security forces in Niger killed around 12 fighters of the Islamist militant group Boko Haram who launched an attack in the southeastern region of Bosso close to the border with Nigeria, according to an army statement on Saturday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/niger-boko-haram-idINKCN0YK02Z)
2. [U.S. News](http://www.usnews.com/news/world/articles/2016-05-29/buried-ied-blamed-on-boko-haram-kills-5-in-northeast-nigeria)

### Related:

1. [Boko Haram insurgency: Niger, following attacks by Boko Haram on Bosso and Yebi in the Lake Chad region, extends for three months a state of emergency in Diffa. ](/news/2016/07/30/boko-haram-insurgency-niger-following-attacks-by-boko-haram-on-bosso-and-yebi-in-the-lake-chad-region-extends-for-three-months-a-state-of.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Bosso_
2. [Boko Haram insurgency: An overnight raid by suspected Boko Haram militants on Niger's southern border town of Abadam, kills two Nigerien Army soldiers and three civilians. And, separately, a suicide-bomb attack on Lake Chad killed three of the attackers but no one else. A military convoy was also ambushed by militants in northern Cameroon, although there were no reported deaths. ](/news/2015/12/23/boko-haram-insurgency-an-overnight-raid-by-suspected-boko-haram-militants-on-niger-s-southern-border-town-of-abadam-kills-two-nigerien-arm.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Niger_
3. [Islamist insurgency in West Africa: At least 18 people are killed and over 100 homes torched after Boko Haram militants attacked a village near the commune of Bosso in Niger's southern Diffa Region. ](/news/2015/11/26/islamist-insurgency-in-west-africa-at-least-18-people-are-killed-and-over-100-homes-torched-after-boko-haram-militants-attacked-a-village-n.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Bosso, Niger_
4. [Boko Haram insurgency: Suspected Boko Haram militants kill 14 civilians in the southeast Diffa Region of Niger near the Nigerian border. The Nigerien government recently approved a law prolonging a 15-day state of emergency for the Diffa region by three months in a bid to boost security. ](/news/2015/10/28/boko-haram-insurgency-suspected-boko-haram-militants-kill-14-civilians-in-the-southeast-diffa-region-of-niger-near-the-nigerian-border-the.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Niger_
5. [Boko Haram insurgency: Boko Haram militants attack Chad for the first time after 30 fighters crossed Lake Chad in four motorboats and attacked the village of Ngouboua. Chad recently joined Nigeria, Niger, and Cameroon in a military coalition against Boko Haram. ](/news/2015/02/13/boko-haram-insurgency-boko-haram-militants-attack-chad-for-the-first-time-after-30-fighters-crossed-lake-chad-in-four-motorboats-and-attack.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency, Niger_
6. [Boko Haram insurgency: Boko Haram insurgents ambush an oil exploration team in the Magumeri area of Borno State, Nigeria, killing at least 69 people. ](/news/2017/07/30/boko-haram-insurgency-boko-haram-insurgents-ambush-an-oil-exploration-team-in-the-magumeri-area-of-borno-state-nigeria-killing-at-least-6.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency_
7. [Boko Haram insurgency: Chibok schoolgirls kidnapping: Nigerian officials report, as a result of negotiations, Boko Haram has released an estimated 82 schoolgirls who were among about 220 kidnapped from a secondary school in Chibok in Borno State in April 2014. ](/news/2017/05/6/boko-haram-insurgency-chibok-schoolgirls-kidnapping-nigerian-officials-report-as-a-result-of-negotiations-boko-haram-has-released-an-est.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency_
8. [Boko Haram insurgency: A Nigerian Air Force jet mistakenly bombs a refugee camp in Borno State, near the border with Cameroon, killing at least 90 people and injuring more than 100. The pilot reportedly believed he was attacking Boko Haram militants. ](/news/2017/01/17/boko-haram-insurgency-a-nigerian-air-force-jet-mistakenly-bombs-a-refugee-camp-in-borno-state-near-the-border-with-cameroon-killing-at-le.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency_
9. [Boko Haram insurgency: President Muhammadu Buhari announces that the Nigerian Armed Forces have successfully driven out Boko Haram militants from their last stronghold in the Sambisa Forest in northeastern Nigeria. ](/news/2016/12/24/boko-haram-insurgency-president-muhammadu-buhari-announces-that-the-nigerian-armed-forces-have-successfully-driven-out-boko-haram-militants.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency_
10. [Boko Haram insurgency: The United Nations and Nigeria come to an agreement to release 876 children being held due to suspicions that they are tied to Boko Haram. ](/news/2016/10/30/boko-haram-insurgency-the-united-nations-and-nigeria-come-to-an-agreement-to-release-876-children-being-held-due-to-suspicions-that-they-ar.md) _Context: Boko Haram, Boko Haram insurgency_
