### [2016-05-29](/news/2016/05/29/index.md)

# Gary Johnson, former Governor of New Mexico, secures the nomination for the Libertarian Party in the U.S. presidential election. Johnson picks former Massachusetts governor, and former Republican, William Weld as his running mate. 

But his near-miss on the first ballot kicked off an afternoon of protests.


### Source:

1. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/post-politics/wp/2016/05/29/gary-johnson-wins-libertarian-presidential-nomination/)

### Related:

1. [Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson qualifies in Connecticut giving him ballot access to 48 states. ](/news/2016/09/5/libertarian-nominee-gary-johnson-qualifies-in-connecticut-giving-him-ballot-access-to-48-states.md) _Context: Gary Johnson, Libertarian, United States presidential election, 2016_
2. [The "Richmond Times-Dispatch" of Virginia is first to endorse Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson for president and the first newspaper media endorsement of a third-party nominee in this election cycle. ](/news/2016/09/4/the-richmond-times-dispatch-of-virginia-is-first-to-endorse-libertarian-candidate-gary-johnson-for-president-and-the-first-newspaper-media.md) _Context: Gary Johnson, Libertarian, United States presidential election, 2016_
3. [The Commission on Presidential Debates officially announces the invitation of Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton, and GOP nominee Donald Trump, to the first presidential debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York, on September 26. However, third party candidates, Gary Johnson and Jill Stein, have not met the criteria, and will not be participants in the debate. ](/news/2016/09/16/the-commission-on-presidential-debates-officially-announces-the-invitation-of-democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-gop-nominee-dona.md) _Context: Gary Johnson, United States presidential election, 2016_
4. [Hillary Clinton releases the book "What Happened", a memoir about her most recent presidential campaign. Clinton has implied that she may not run again in 2020. ](/news/2017/09/12/hillary-clinton-releases-the-book-what-happened-a-memoir-about-her-most-recent-presidential-campaign-clinton-has-implied-that-she-may-no.md) _Context: United States presidential election, 2016_
5. [Sally Yates testifies before the United States Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism concerning investigations into Russia's role in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and in the Trump administration. ](/news/2017/05/8/sally-yates-testifies-before-the-united-states-senate-judiciary-subcommittee-on-crime-and-terrorism-concerning-investigations-into-russia-s.md) _Context: United States presidential election, 2016_
6. [U.S. President Donald Trump accuses former President Barack Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower the month before the 2016 presidential election but offers no evidence to support his claim. A spokesman for President Obama rejects these claims. ](/news/2017/03/4/u-s-president-donald-trump-accuses-former-president-barack-obama-of-wiretapping-trump-tower-the-month-before-the-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: United States presidential election, 2016_
7. [Michael T. Flynn is willing to testify under the condition of immunity in the ongoing congressional probe on Russia's role in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. ](/news/2017/03/30/michael-t-flynn-is-willing-to-testify-under-the-condition-of-immunity-in-the-ongoing-congressional-probe-on-russia-s-role-in-the-2016-u-s.md) _Context: United States presidential election, 2016_
8. [The United States House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence holds a hearing about Russian interference in the 2016 election and confirms that there is an ongoing investigation into ties between Trump's team and Russia. ](/news/2017/03/20/the-united-states-house-permanent-select-committee-on-intelligence-holds-a-hearing-about-russian-interference-in-the-2016-election-and-confi.md) _Context: United States presidential election, 2016_
9. [A declassified U.S. intelligence report claims that Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election against Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2017/01/6/a-declassified-u-s-intelligence-report-claims-that-vladimir-putin-ordered-a-campaign-to-influence-the-u-s-presidential-election-against-de.md) _Context: United States presidential election, 2016_
10. [United States President Donald Trump announces that he intends to seek an investigation into possible voter fraud from last year's election. ](/news/2017/01/25/united-states-president-donald-trump-announces-that-he-intends-to-seek-an-investigation-into-possible-voter-fraud-from-last-year-s-election.md) _Context: United States presidential election, 2016_
