### [2016-05-29](/news/2016/05/29/index.md)

# Tropical Storm Bonnie makes landfall on the East Coast of the United States, affecting mainly the city of Charleston, South Carolina. 

Despite no longer being a tropical storm or depression, Bonnie will induce daily showers and thunderstorms across the Carolinas into the middle of the week.


### Source:

1. [AccuWeather](http://www.accuweather.com/en/weather-news/will-bonnie-form-in-the-atlantic-and-impact-eastern-us-coast-during-memorial-day-weekend-rough-seas-rip-currents-heavy-rain/57683397)

### Related:

1. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. The United States National Hurricane Center issues a tropical storm warning for parts of South Carolina as the newly upgraded Tropical Storm Bonnie, at 5 p.m. EDT about 125 miles from Charleston, South Carolina, moves northwest toward the Atlantic Coast. ](/news/2016/05/28/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-the-united-states-national-hurricane-center-issues-a-tropical-storm-warning-for-parts-of-south-carolina-as-t.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season, Charleston, South Carolina_
2. [Charleston church shooting. Dylann Roof is convicted of the racially motivated murder of nine black churchgoers in the U.S. city of Charleston, South Carolina. ](/news/2016/12/15/charleston-church-shooting-dylann-roof-is-convicted-of-the-racially-motivated-murder-of-nine-black-churchgoers-in-the-u-s-city-of-charlest.md) _Context: Charleston, South Carolina_
3. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Otto makes landfall in Nicaragua, becoming the southernmost hurricane on record to hit Central America. ](/news/2016/11/24/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-otto-makes-landfall-in-nicaragua-becoming-the-southernmost-hurricane-on-record-to-hit-central-ame.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season_
4. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Otto impacts Panama. A tropical storm watch is issued for Nicaragua from Bluefields to Sandy Bay Sirpi. ](/news/2016/11/22/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-otto-impacts-panama-a-tropical-storm-watch-is-issued-for-nicaragua-from-bluefields-to-sandy-bay-s.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season_
5. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Matthew, responsible for killing 13 people and knocking out power to 2.2 million households and businesses in the Southeastern United States, is now a Category 1 hurricane (75 mph;120 km/h winds) approaching the North Carolina coast. ](/news/2016/10/8/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-responsible-for-killing-13-people-and-knocking-out-power-to-2-2-million-households-and-bu.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season_
6. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Matthew hits the southeastern United States as the death toll in Haiti rises to at least 877. ](/news/2016/10/7/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-hits-the-southeastern-united-states-as-the-death-toll-in-haiti-rises-to-at-least-877.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season_
7. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Matthew moves towards the United States with hundreds of thousands of people being evacuated from the states of Florida and South Carolina. ](/news/2016/10/6/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-moves-towards-the-united-states-with-hundreds-of-thousands-of-people-being-evacuated-from.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season_
8. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Matthew kills at least 26 people on the island of Hispaniola; 22 in Haiti and four more in the Dominican Republic. The U.S. National Hurricane Center predicts the storm, currently a Category 3 with maximum sustained winds of 115 mph (185 km/h), will strengthen as it moves across the Bahamas tonight and tomorrow, and be near the east coast of Florida by tomorrow evening. ](/news/2016/10/5/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-kills-at-least-26-people-on-the-island-of-hispaniola-22-in-haiti-and-four-more-in-the-dom.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season_
9. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Weather forecasters track Hurricane Matthew as it makes landfall in Haiti and issue hurricane warnings for Cuba and the Bahamas. ](/news/2016/10/4/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-weather-forecasters-track-hurricane-matthew-as-it-makes-landfall-in-haiti-and-issue-hurricane-warnings-for-c.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season_
10. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Heavy rains from Hurricane Matthew's outer bands drench Haiti and Jamaica, killing a Haitian fisherman. The Category 4 storm, with 140 mph ((220 km/h) maximum sustained winds), is heading towards western Haiti, eastern Cuba, and the southeastern and central Bahamas. ](/news/2016/10/3/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-heavy-rains-from-hurricane-matthew-s-outer-bands-drench-haiti-and-jamaica-killing-a-haitian-fisherman-the.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season_
