### [2014-02-13](/news/2014/02/13/index.md)

# During a two-day visit by an Egyptian delegation in Moscow, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said that Moscow and Cairo have agreed to speed up work on drafting agreements on military-technological cooperation. Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shoigu added that this could include joint military exercises and training of Egyptian officers in Russian military academies.

Russian leader makes surprise declaration of support for Field Marshal Sisi&#039;s presidential bid - which has not yet been announced


### Source:

1. [Al-Ahram](http://english.ahram.org.eg/NewsContent/1/64/94184/Egypt/Politics-/Russia-trip-new-start-to-military-cooperation-Egyp.aspx)
2. [The Hindu](http://www.thehindu.com/news/international/world/russia-egypt-to-boost-defence-ties/article5684901.ece)
3. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/africaandindianocean/egypt/10635530/Vladimir-Putin-backs-Egypt-army-chief-Abdulfattah-al-Sisi-for-president.html)
3. [Cover Image](http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/02820/Abdel-Fattah-al-Si_2820907k.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry leaves for Moscow for talks on Syria and Ukraine with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on Wednesday. Kerry is also expected to discuss the case of Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko, who today was sentenced to 22 years in prison in the city of Donetsk. ](/news/2016/03/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-leaves-for-moscow-for-talks-on-syria-and-ukraine-with-russian-president-vladimir-putin-and-foreign-minis.md) _Context: Moscow, Sergey Lavrov_
2. [Russian ministers led by Foreign Affairs Minister Sergey Lavrov including Defense Minister Sergey Shoygu arrive in Cairo and meet with their Egyptian counterparts including the head of Egypt's military General Abdel Fattah el-Sisi in talks over a new era of enhanced military co-operation. ](/news/2013/11/14/russian-ministers-led-by-foreign-affairs-minister-sergey-lavrov-including-defense-minister-sergey-shoygu-arrive-in-cairo-and-meet-with-their.md) _Context: Cairo, Sergey Lavrov_
3. [A fire at the Sindika Trade Center, a construction materials shopping center in the northwestern edge of Moscow, Russia, forces the evacuation of at least 3000 people. ](/news/2017/10/9/a-fire-at-the-sindika-trade-center-a-construction-materials-shopping-center-in-the-northwestern-edge-of-moscow-russia-forces-the-evacuati.md) _Context: Moscow_
4. [Russian opposition leader and hopeful presidential candidate Alexei Navalny is sentenced in Moscow to 20 days detention for organizing unauthorized public meetings. This is Navalny's third jail term this year. ](/news/2017/10/2/russian-opposition-leader-and-hopeful-presidential-candidate-alexei-navalny-is-sentenced-in-moscow-to-20-days-detention-for-organizing-unaut.md) _Context: Moscow_
5. [Palestinian factions, Hamas and Fatah, sign a unity deal in Cairo, that is also publicly supported by the governments of Egypt and Saudi Arabia. The Fatah-controlled Palestinian National Authority , along with Israel, currently govern the West Bank. According to the signatories of the deal, the PNA will take administrative control of the Gaza Strip, and, along with Hamas, police its borders. The signatories consider the agreement a first step, and, if productive, plan to meet next month to address the remaining issues. The government of Israel opposes any involvement by Hamas in a Palestinian government. ](/news/2017/10/12/palestinian-factions-hamas-and-fatah-sign-a-unity-deal-in-cairo-that-is-also-publicly-supported-by-the-governments-of-egypt-and-saudi-ara.md) _Context: Cairo_

### Changes:

1. [Egypt-Russia relations:During a two-day visit by an Egyptian delegation in Moscow, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said that Moscow and Cairo have agreed to speed up work on drafting agreements on military-technological cooperation. Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shoigu added that this could include joint military exercises and training of Egyptian officers in Russian military academies.](/news/2014/02/13/egyptarussia-relations-pduring-a-two-day-visit-by-an-egyptian-delegation-in-moscow-russian-foreign-minister-sergey-lavrov-said-that-mosco.md) _2017-08-25 03:40:01 (First version)_
2. [Egypt-Russia relations:: During a two-day visit by an Egyptian delegation in Moscow, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said that Moscow and Cairo have agreed to speed up work on drafting agreements on military-technological cooperation. Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shoigu added that this could include joint military exercises and training of Egyptian officers in Russian military academies.](/news/2014/02/13/egypt-russia-relations-during-a-two-day-visit-by-an-egyptian-delegation-in-moscow-russian-foreign-minister-sergey-lavrov-said-that-mosc.md) _2017-08-27 03:40:19 (Update)_
2. [During a two-day visit by an Egyptian delegation in Moscow, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said that Moscow and Cairo have agreed to speed up work on drafting agreements on military-technological cooperation. Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shoigu added that this could include joint military exercises and training of Egyptian officers in Russian military academies.](/news/2014/02/13/during-a-two-day-visit-by-an-egyptian-delegation-in-moscow-russian-foreign-minister-sergey-lavrov-said-that-moscow-and-cairo-have-agreed-to.md) _(Current version)_
