### [2014-02-13](/news/2014/02/13/index.md)

# Egypt-Russia relations:. During a two-day visit by an Egyptian delegation in Moscow, Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said that Moscow and Cairo have agreed to speed up work on drafting agreements on military-technological cooperation. Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shoigu added that this could include joint military exercises and training of Egyptian officers in Russian military academies.

Russian leader makes surprise declaration of support for Field Marshal Sisi&#039;s presidential bid - which has not yet been announced


### Source:

1. [Al-Ahram](http://english.ahram.org.eg/NewsContent/1/64/94184/Egypt/Politics-/Russia-trip-new-start-to-military-cooperation-Egyp.aspx)
2. [The Hindu](http://www.thehindu.com/news/international/world/russia-egypt-to-boost-defence-ties/article5684901.ece)
3. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/africaandindianocean/egypt/10635530/Vladimir-Putin-backs-Egypt-army-chief-Abdulfattah-al-Sisi-for-president.html)

### Related:

1. [Russia-United States relations, Syrian peace process. War in Donbass. U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry leaves for Moscow for talks on Syria and Ukraine with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on Wednesday. Kerry is also expected to discuss the case of Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko, who today was sentenced to 22 years in prison in the city of Donetsk. ](/news/2016/03/22/russia-united-states-relations-syrian-peace-process-war-in-donbass-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-leaves-for-moscow-for-talks-on-sy.md) _Context: Moscow, Sergey Lavrov_
2. [Russian ministers led by Foreign Affairs Minister Sergey Lavrov including Defense Minister Sergey Shoygu arrive in Cairo and meet with their Egyptian counterparts including the head of Egypt's military General Abdel Fattah el-Sisi in talks over a new era of enhanced military co-operation. ](/news/2013/11/14/russian-ministers-led-by-foreign-affairs-minister-sergey-lavrov-including-defense-minister-sergey-shoygu-arrive-in-cairo-and-meet-with-their.md) _Context: Cairo, Sergey Lavrov_
3. [GTA gang. Three so-called GTA gang members are shot dead and four others are wounded, including two guards, at a courthouse in Moscow, Russia, after they attempted to escape. ](/news/2017/08/1/gta-gang-three-so-called-gta-gang-members-are-shot-dead-and-four-others-are-wounded-including-two-guards-at-a-courthouse-in-moscow-russi.md) _Context: Moscow_
4. [2017 Russian protests. Hundreds of people are detained at anti-corruption protest rallies in Moscow and St. Petersburg and many other towns, including opposition leader Alexei Navalny. ](/news/2017/06/12/2017-russian-protests-hundreds-of-people-are-detained-at-anti-corruption-protest-rallies-in-moscow-and-st-petersburg-and-many-other-towns.md) _Context: Moscow_
5. [At least 11 people are killed and 69 are injured as a severe thunderstorm hits Moscow, Russia. ](/news/2017/05/29/at-least-11-people-are-killed-and-69-are-injured-as-a-severe-thunderstorm-hits-moscow-russia.md) _Context: Moscow_
6. [Philippines-Russia relations. Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte, who later had to cut short his visit to Moscow because of terrorist attacks on the Philippine southern island of Mindanao, tells Russia President Vladimir Putin that the Philippines is looking to Russia for modern arms to fight ISIL. ](/news/2017/05/22/philippines-russia-relations-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-who-later-had-to-cut-short-his-visit-to-moscow-because-of-terrorist-at.md) _Context: Moscow_
7. [Moscow police detain five protesters after they attempted to deliver a petition to investigate the status of LGBT rights in Chechnya to the Prosecutor General of Russia. ](/news/2017/05/11/moscow-police-detain-five-protesters-after-they-attempted-to-deliver-a-petition-to-investigate-the-status-of-lgbt-rights-in-chechnya-to-the.md) _Context: Moscow_
8. [Severe clear-air turbulence on an Aeroflot flight from Sheremetyevo International Airport, Moscow to Suvarnabhumi Airport, Bangkok, subjects 27 passengers to injuries including bone fractures. ](/news/2017/05/1/severe-clear-air-turbulence-on-an-aeroflot-flight-from-sheremetyevo-international-airport-moscow-to-suvarnabhumi-airport-bangkok-subjects.md) _Context: Moscow_
9. [An Egyptian excavation team discovers the remains of a pyramid dating back 3,700 years to the thirteenth Dynasty of Egypt at the Dahshur necropolis 40km south of Cairo. ](/news/2017/04/3/an-egyptian-excavation-team-discovers-the-remains-of-a-pyramid-dating-back-3-700-years-to-the-thirteenth-dynasty-of-egypt-at-the-dahshur-nec.md) _Context: Cairo_
10. [German and Egyptian archaeologists uncover a humanoid statue with an approximate height of eight metres, believed to be of Ramesses II, at the former site of Heliopolis in northeast Cairo. ](/news/2017/03/9/german-and-egyptian-archaeologists-uncover-a-humanoid-statue-with-an-approximate-height-of-eight-metres-believed-to-be-of-ramesses-ii-at-t.md) _Context: Cairo_
