### [2014-02-13](/news/2014/02/13/index.md)

# President Barack Obama is set on visiting Japan, South Korea, Malaysia, and the Philippines after previously cancelling his trip in 2013. 

President Barack Obama on Wednesday announced he will visit Japan, South Korea, Malaysia and the Philippines in April, six months after a scrapped tour of the region raised questions about his commitment to an increasingly influential region of the world.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/02/13/us-usa-obama-asia-idUSBREA1C00220140213)

### Related:

1. [United States President Barack Obama hosts a two-day summit in Rancho Mirage, California with leaders of the ASEAN member states, including democratically-elected Benigno Aquino III of the Philippines and Joko Widodo of Indonesia as well as autocratic rulers such as Hun Sen of Cambodia and Najib Razak of Malaysia. ](/news/2016/02/15/united-states-president-barack-obama-hosts-a-two-day-summit-in-rancho-mirage-california-with-leaders-of-the-asean-member-states-including.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Malaysia, Philippines_
2. [Typhoon Goni makes landfall in southwestern Japan with at least 26 people injured but no people killed. The death toll in the Philippines rises to 21 while South Korea is on alert. ](/news/2015/08/25/typhoon-goni-makes-landfall-in-southwestern-japan-with-at-least-26-people-injured-but-no-people-killed-the-death-toll-in-the-philippines-ri.md) _Context: Japan, Philippines, South Korea_
3. [''Philippines v. China''The Philippines asks the International Court of Arbitration at The Hague to invalidate China's claims to virtually all of the South China Sea. The hearing was attended by observers from Indonesia, Japan, Malaysia, Thailand, and Vietnam. ](/news/2015/07/9/philippines-v-china-pthe-philippines-asks-the-international-court-of-arbitration-at-the-hague-to-invalidate-china-s-claims-to-virtually.md) _Context: Japan, Malaysia, Philippines_
4. [ Japan announces closure of World War II sex slave fund by March 2007. The Asian Women's Fund, set up in 1995, paid 2M yen ($19,470) each in compensation, plus medical and welfare support, to 285 so-called "comfort women" in the Philippines, South Korea and Taiwan. ](/news/2005/05/28/japan-announces-closure-of-world-war-ii-sex-slave-fund-by-march-2007-the-asian-women-s-fund-set-up-in-1995-paid-2m-yen-19-470-each-in.md) _Context: Japan, Philippines, South Korea_
5. [North Korea launches a Short-Range Ballistic missile near Wonsan towards the Sea of Japan, according to South Korea. The missile reportedly lands in Japan's exclusive economic zone (EEZ) after traveling 450 km. ](/news/2017/05/29/north-korea-launches-a-short-range-ballistic-missile-near-wonsan-towards-the-sea-of-japan-according-to-south-korea-the-missile-reportedly.md) _Context: Japan, South Korea_
6. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: Japan, South Korea_
7. [ United States Vice President Mike Pence visits Alaska, where he meets with Governor Bill Walker and discusses stationing F-35 squadrons in the state. Pence is beginning a 10-day trip to South Korea, Australia, Indonesia and Japan. ](/news/2017/04/15/united-states-vice-president-mike-pence-visits-alaska-where-he-meets-with-governor-bill-walker-and-discusses-stationing-f-35-squadrons-in.md) _Context: Japan, South Korea_
8. [North Korea attempts again to launch a BM25 Musudan intermediate-range ballistic missile capable of striking South Korea or Japan but is unsuccessful. ](/news/2016/05/31/north-korea-attempts-again-to-launch-a-bm25-musudan-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile-capable-of-striking-south-korea-or-japan-but-is-uns.md) _Context: Japan, South Korea_
9. [Amid growing concern about North Korea's ballistic missile capability, South Korea, Japan and the U.S. are to hold their first ever joint anti-missile exercise next month, according to South Korea's Ministry of National Defense. The three countries will practice "detecting and tracing a hypothetical North Korean missile," said a ministry official. ](/news/2016/05/17/amid-growing-concern-about-north-korea-s-ballistic-missile-capability-south-korea-japan-and-the-u-s-are-to-hold-their-first-ever-joint-an.md) _Context: Japan, South Korea_
10. [South Korea has determined North Korea is capable of mounting a nuclear warhead on its medium-range Rodong-1 ballistic missile, which could reach all of South Korea and most of Japan, according to a senior government official. ](/news/2016/04/5/south-korea-has-determined-north-korea-is-capable-of-mounting-a-nuclear-warhead-on-its-medium-range-rodong-1-ballistic-missile-which-could.md) _Context: Japan, South Korea_
