### [2015-08-17](/news/2015/08/17/index.md)

# Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi approves a controversial anti-terrorism law. Proponents say it will help fight terrorism, and opponents say the legislation will jeopardize civil rights including freedom of the press. 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/08/egypt-adopts-controversial-anti-terror-law-150817042612693.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-33955894)
2. [Cover Image](http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/7D7B/production/_84932123_a154ccb3-f274-43f2-b96f-d448cbf19b9b.jpg)

### Related:

1. [U.S. president-elect Donald Trump calls President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi of Egypt, who then agrees to postpone a United Nations resolution regarding Israel. ](/news/2016/12/22/u-s-president-elect-donald-trump-calls-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-of-egypt-who-then-agrees-to-postpone-a-united-nations-resolution-reg.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi_
2. [The San Francisco Police Department halts a training program between itself and the Philippine National Police over allegations of civil rights violations committed under the guise of the Philippine Drug War. ](/news/2016/10/27/the-san-francisco-police-department-halts-a-training-program-between-itself-and-the-philippine-national-police-over-allegations-of-civil-rig.md) _Context: civil rights_
3. [An Egyptian court, while not final, reverses the decision by President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi to cede Tiran and Sanafir Island to Saudi Arabia. ](/news/2016/06/21/an-egyptian-court-while-not-final-reverses-the-decision-by-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-to-cede-tiran-and-sanafir-island-to-saudi-arabia.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi_
4. [Egyptian police raid the headquarters of the journalists' association in Cairo, and arrest two journalists with the opposition website Bawabet Yanayer, editor Amr Badr and reporter Mahmud el-Sakka, for alleged incitement to protest in violation of the law. ](/news/2016/05/1/egyptian-police-raid-the-headquarters-of-the-journalists-association-in-cairo-and-arrest-two-journalists-with-the-opposition-website-bawab.md) _Context: Freedom of the press_
5. [King of Saudi Arabia Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud announces, during his trip to Cairo, that a bridge crossing the Red Sea will be built, linking Egypt and Saudi Arabia. Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi says the bridge will be named after the Saudi monarch. A Saudi-Egypt Causeway project has been in the works for years. ](/news/2016/04/8/king-of-saudi-arabia-salman-bin-abdulaziz-al-saud-announces-during-his-trip-to-cairo-that-a-bridge-crossing-the-red-sea-will-be-built-lin.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi_
6. [Egypt tries 237 activists, who face jail terms of up to three years, arrested for protesting without permits against President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi. Thousands demonstrated this month following the Sisi government's decision to hand over two uninhabited islands in the Straits of Tiran to Saudi Arabia. Human Rights Watch says at least 382 had been arrested. ](/news/2016/04/30/egypt-tries-237-activists-who-face-jail-terms-of-up-to-three-years-arrested-for-protesting-without-permits-against-president-abdel-fattah.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi_
7. [Riot police violently break up an anti-Sisi protest in Cairo, Egypt. In the first sign of public discontent with President Sisi's rule, hundreds of people gathered and shouted slogans calling for his overthrow. ](/news/2016/04/15/riot-police-violently-break-up-an-anti-sisi-protest-in-cairo-egypt-in-the-first-sign-of-public-discontent-with-president-sisi-s-rule-hund.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi_
8. [Two months after Egypt's Civil Aviation Ministry ruled out terrorism in Flight 9268's crash, President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi admits an ISIS bomb downed the Russian passenger jet. The terrorist group's Sinai Peninsula Branch claimed responsibility shortly after the incident. ](/news/2016/02/24/two-months-after-egypt-s-civil-aviation-ministry-ruled-out-terrorism-in-flight-9268-s-crash-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-admits-an-isis-b.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi_
9. [The President of Egypt Abdel Fattah el-Sisi announces that members of the Arab League have agreed in principle to form a joint military force to respond to security threats. ](/news/2015/03/29/the-president-of-egypt-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-announces-that-members-of-the-arab-league-have-agreed-in-principle-to-form-a-joint-military-forc.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi_
10. [The Egyptian government confiscates all copies of a daily print of "Al-Masry Al-Youm", one of the country's largest private newspapers, in order to censor an article, days after President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi vowed in a U.S. television interview that there was "no limitation on freedom of expression in Egypt." ](/news/2014/10/1/the-egyptian-government-confiscates-all-copies-of-a-daily-print-of-al-masry-al-youm-one-of-the-countryas-largest-private-newspapers-in.md) _Context: Abdel Fattah el-Sisi_
