### [2015-08-17](/news/2015/08/17/index.md)

# The United Arab Emirates approves plans for the construction of the first Hindu temple in that country, after a visit by Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi. 

Indian Prime Minister Modi lauds decision to provide land for temple during landmark two-day visit to UAE.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/08/uae-allocates-land-abu-dhabi-hindu-temple-150817062426501.html)

### Related:

1. [India-Saudi Arabia relations. In Riyadh, India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Saudi Arabia's King Salman sign five agreements, including plans to increase investments, and to cooperate in intelligence sharing. ](/news/2016/04/3/india-saudi-arabia-relations-in-riyadh-india-s-prime-minister-narendra-modi-and-saudi-arabia-s-king-salman-sign-five-agreements-includi.md) _Context: India's Prime Minister, Narendra Modi_
2. [India-Pakistan relations. Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is met by Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif at Allama Iqbal International Airport in Lahore for a two-hour meeting. Modi's surprise stopover is the first since Indian Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee visited Pakistan in 2004. ](/news/2015/12/25/india-pakistan-relations-indian-prime-minister-narendra-modi-is-met-by-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-at-allama-iqbal-internationa.md) _Context: India's Prime Minister, Narendra Modi_
3. [Bihar, India, Legislative Assembly election, 2015. Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's ruling BJP Party concedes defeat to the grand alliance of Bihar sitting chief minister Nitish Kumar in the fifth and final phase of the 2015 Bihar Legislative Assembly election. ](/news/2015/11/8/bihar-india-legislative-assembly-election-2015-indian-prime-minister-narendra-modi-s-ruling-bjp-party-concedes-defeat-to-the-grand-allia.md) _Context: India's Prime Minister, Narendra Modi_
4. [150 million workers go on strike in India to oppose Prime Minister Narendra Modi's labour market reforms. ](/news/2015/09/2/150-million-workers-go-on-strike-in-india-to-oppose-prime-minister-narendra-modi-s-labour-market-reforms.md) _Context: India's Prime Minister, Narendra Modi_
5. [Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi travels to Bangladesh for the signing of an agreement that dissolves all 162 enclaves in the border region between the two nations and allows thousands of people living in the territories to choose their nationality. ](/news/2015/06/6/prime-minister-of-india-narendra-modi-travels-to-bangladesh-for-the-signing-of-an-agreement-that-dissolves-all-162-enclaves-in-the-border-re.md) _Context: India's Prime Minister, Narendra Modi_
6. [Prime Minister of India Narendra Modi visits Sri Lanka's Jaffna District to hand over 27,000 homes to Tamil survivors of the Sri Lankan Civil War. ](/news/2015/03/14/prime-minister-of-india-narendra-modi-visits-sri-lanka-s-jaffna-district-to-hand-over-27-000-homes-to-tamil-survivors-of-the-sri-lankan-civi.md) _Context: India's Prime Minister, Narendra Modi_
7. [Shri Narendra Modi is sworn in as the 15th Prime Minister of India. ](/news/2014/05/26/shri-narendra-modi-is-sworn-in-as-the-15th-prime-minister-of-india.md) _Context: India's Prime Minister, Narendra Modi_
8. [Narendra Modi is officially re-elected as the leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party and the National Democratic Alliance ahead of being sworn in as the Prime Minister of India. ](/news/2014/05/20/narendra-modi-is-officially-re-elected-as-the-leader-of-the-bharatiya-janata-party-and-the-national-democratic-alliance-ahead-of-being-sworn.md) _Context: India's Prime Minister, Narendra Modi_
9. [Narendra Modi, the Chief Minister of the Indian state of Gujarat, orders an inquiry into the death of six people at a stampede at the Bhavnath Hindu temple in the Junagadh district over the weekend. ](/news/2012/02/20/narendra-modi-the-chief-minister-of-the-indian-state-of-gujarat-orders-an-inquiry-into-the-death-of-six-people-at-a-stampede-at-the-bhavna.md) _Context: Hindu, Narendra Modi_
10. [2017 Dubai skyscraper fire. A fire at the 79-story Dubai Torch Tower in the United Arab Emirates, which forced nighttime evacuations, was under control in a few hours with no serious injuries immediately reported. The building's exterior was still being renovated from a fire in February, 2015, which investigators had blamed, at least in part, to flammable siding, echoing the findings of this past June's Grenfell Tower fire in London. ](/news/2017/08/4/2017-dubai-skyscraper-fire-a-fire-at-the-79-story-dubai-torch-tower-in-the-united-arab-emirates-which-forced-nighttime-evacuations-was-un.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
