### [2004-05-2](/news/2004/05/2/index.md)

#  Israel's Likud Party votes in a referendum not to pull out of the Gaza Strip unilaterally. The referendum's defeat is seen as a major blow to the Sharon government. Sharon subsequently says that he will not resign and may modify the plan. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3678031.stm)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3680679.stm)
3. [INN](http://www.israelnn.com/news.php3?id=61758)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli television claims that Police in Tel Aviv found evidence that proves Prime Minister of Israel Ariel Sharon's family took bribes while Sharon was running for the leadership of the Likud Party. An aide dismissed the allegations. ](/news/2006/01/3/israeli-television-claims-that-police-in-tel-aviv-found-evidence-that-proves-prime-minister-of-israel-ariel-sharon-s-family-took-bribes-whi.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, Likud Party_
2. [ Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel, was heckled and booed at a meeting to promote the planned Israeli withdrawal from the Gaza Strip by several U.S. Jews. ](/news/2005/05/22/ariel-sharon-the-prime-minister-of-israel-was-heckled-and-booed-at-a-meeting-to-promote-the-planned-israeli-withdrawal-from-the-gaza-stri.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Gaza, Israel_
3. [ U.S. President George W. Bush praises the Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon for his ""courageous initiative"" to pull all Israeli settlements out of the Gaza Strip, however Bush also told Sharon not to expand other existing settlements. The two leaders met in Texas, USA. ](/news/2005/04/11/u-s-president-george-w-bush-praises-the-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-for-his-courageous-initiative-to-pull-all-israeli-settlem.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Gaza, Israel_
4. [ The Israeli senior commander in the Gaza Strip, Brig. Gen. Shmuel Zakai, resigns amid allegations of telling the press Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ordered to increase Operation Days of Penitence on Day 14 while the army considered the operation extracted itself. ](/news/2004/11/4/the-israeli-senior-commander-in-the-gaza-strip-brig-gen-shmuel-zakai-resigns-amid-allegations-of-telling-the-press-prime-minister-ariel.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Gaza, Israel_
5. [ Three Egyptian paramilitary security officers stationed at the Sinai-Gaza border are killed by Israeli tank fire, after IDF troops allegedly mistook them for Palestinian terrorists or militants. The Egyptian government accepts an apology from Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and demands an investigation on the incident. ](/news/2004/11/18/three-egyptian-paramilitary-security-officers-stationed-at-the-sinaiagaza-border-are-killed-by-israeli-tank-fire-after-idf-troops-allege.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Gaza, Israel_
6. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon accepts an Israeli Defence Force plan to begin withdrawing troops from Jabalia, Beit Lahiya, and Beit Hanoun in the northern Gaza Strip this weekend. [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/489056.html (Haaretz)] About 100,000 Israelis in 100 cities march in a series of demonstrations across Israel opposing their government's proposal to withdraw Israeli settlers from the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank.](/news/2004/10/14/israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-accepts-an-israeli-defence-force-plan-to-begin-withdrawing-troops-from-jabalia-beit-lahiya-and-beit-h.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Gaza, Israel_
7. [ 40,000 demonstrators protest in Jerusalem against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plans to force all Israeli Jews to leave the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank. ](/news/2004/09/12/40-000-demonstrators-protest-in-jerusalem-against-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-s-plans-to-force-all-israeli-jews-to-leave-the-gaza-strip-and.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Gaza, Israel_
8. [ U.S. and Egypt fear an Islamist takeover of the Gaza Strip as a result of a possible Israeli pullout. They debate the role of Arafat, as Prime Minister Sharon confronts his own cabinet's opposition led by Netanyahu. ](/news/2004/05/31/u-s-and-egypt-fear-an-islamist-takeover-of-the-gaza-strip-as-a-result-of-a-possible-israeli-pullout-they-debate-the-role-of-arafat-as-pr.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Gaza, Israel_
9. [ Palestinian Yasser Arafat dismisses Israel's threat to kill him. American representatives, and other world leaders, criticize Israel's prime minister for the suggestion. [http://www.arabnews.com/?page=4&section=0&article=42503&d=4&m=4&y=2004 (ArabNews)] Prime Minister Ariel Sharon conflicts with right-wing ministers over a plan to unilaterally disengage from the Gaza Strip. Housing and Construction Minister, Effie Eitam, and Tourism Minister, Benny Elon, demand that the plan receive cabinet approval. [http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1081052087090 (Jerusalem Post)] A year-long European Parliament investigation into how the Palestinian Authority spents money given to it by the European Union fails to find evidence linking its funds with terrorist activity. The findings, leaked before they were made public, are under attack, with one member of the probe calling it a "partial" whitewash. [http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1080979165731 (Jerusalem Post)] Millwall FC beat Sunderland A.F.C. 1-0 at Old Trafford to make it to the 2004 FA Cup Final after Tim Cahill scores the winning goal.](/news/2004/04/4/palestinian-yasser-arafat-dismisses-israel-s-threat-to-kill-him-american-representatives-and-other-world-leaders-criticize-israel-s-prim.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Gaza, Israel_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian President Yasser Arafat, reacting to the United States President Bush and Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon summit, states Palestinian will never give up their struggle for an independent homeland, never abandon the claims of their refugees, nor make more territorial concessions. He states that Jerusalem will be its capital. Sharon, who wants to withdraw Israel from the Gaza Strip, faces opposition to his withdrawal plan. ](/news/2004/04/15/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-president-yasser-arafat-reacting-to-the-united-states-president-bush-and-israeli-prime-minister.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Gaza, Israel_
