### [2007-01-12](/news/2007/01/12/index.md)

#  An Argentinian judge issues an arrest warrant for former president Isabel Martinez de Peron, implicated in the disappearance of a human-rights activist in 1976. Peron has been living in Spain since 1981. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/6254227.stm)

### Related:

1. [According to reports in Catalonia, Argentine football star Lionel Messi has paid -10 million in Spanish back taxes for 2010 and 2011, and is looking to settle a claimed tax liability of -4.1 million for the 2007-2009 period that is the subject of a current investigation. ](/news/2013/06/24/according-to-reports-in-catalonia-argentine-football-star-lionel-messi-has-paid-10-million-in-spanish-back-taxes-for-2010-and-2011-and.md) _Context: Argentina, Spain_
2. [Spain seeks to deter Argentina's nationalization of YPF, an Argentine oil company majority-owned by Spain's Repsol, warning that such a nationalization would make Argentina a "pariah". ](/news/2012/04/13/spain-seeks-to-deter-argentina-s-nationalization-of-ypf-an-argentine-oil-company-majority-owned-by-spain-s-repsol-warning-that-such-a-nati.md) _Context: Argentina, Spain_
3. [A court in Argentina reopens an investigation into crimes against humanity under Francisco Franco in Spain. ](/news/2010/09/4/a-court-in-argentina-reopens-an-investigation-into-crimes-against-humanity-under-francisco-franco-in-spain.md) _Context: Argentina, Spain_
4. [ Julio Alberto Poch, a Transavia commercial airline pilot, is arrested in Spain over his alleged role in Argentina's 1976&ndash;1983 "Dirty War". ](/news/2009/09/23/julio-alberto-poch-a-transavia-commercial-airline-pilot-is-arrested-in-spain-over-his-alleged-role-in-argentina-s-1976-ndash-1983-dirty.md) _Context: Argentina, Spain_
5. [ Argentina formally accepts apologies from the Spanish government which admitted having committed a -protocol error- on allowing the presence of a delegation from the Falkland Islands in an international fisheries sustainability conference. ](/news/2009/09/16/argentina-formally-accepts-apologies-from-the-spanish-government-which-admitted-having-committed-a-protocol-error-on-allowing-the-pre.md) _Context: Argentina, Spain_
6. [ A high court in Spain sentences Adolfo Scilingo, former Argentinian navy captain, for 640 years in prison for crimes against humanity during the Dirty War. ](/news/2005/04/19/a-high-court-in-spain-sentences-adolfo-scilingo-former-argentinian-navy-captain-for-640-years-in-prison-for-crimes-against-humanity-durin.md) _Context: Argentina, Spain_
7. [European migrant crisis. Approximately fifty migrants are feared drowned off the coast of Morocco. Three men were rescued near Alboran Island near the coast of Spain. ](/news/2017/07/4/european-migrant-crisis-approximately-fifty-migrants-are-feared-drowned-off-the-coast-of-morocco-three-men-were-rescued-near-alboran-islan.md) _Context: Spain_
8. [A fire forces the evacuation of more than 22,000 concertgoers at the Tomorrowland music festival at the Parc de Can Zam in Barcelona, Spain. There were no serious injuries. This is the first time the festival has been held in Spain; Belgium had been the home since 2005. ](/news/2017/07/29/a-fire-forces-the-evacuation-of-more-than-22-000-concertgoers-at-the-tomorrowland-music-festival-at-the-parc-de-can-zam-in-barcelona-spain.md) _Context: Spain_
9. [Salvador Dali. The remains of surrealist painter Salvador Dali are exhumed following a Madrid court order on settling the paternity claim of a woman who is allegedly the painter's natural daughter. Various experts contest the claim, noting Dali's sexual eccentrism (including a public boast about his "impotency") and that the action being against the state (Dali bequeathed his estate to Spain). If proven, this woman could assume part of Dali's estate. ](/news/2017/07/21/salvador-dala-the-remains-of-surrealist-painter-salvador-dala-are-exhumed-following-a-madrid-court-order-on-settling-the-paternity-claim.md) _Context: Spain_
10. [Crime in Argentina. A car knocks down the security fences of the Pink House, the Presidential Palace of Argentina, and then stops in front of the building's gate. The authorities reported that the driver of the vehicle had psychiatric disorders and that, in addition, the security personnel present at the time of the incident was separated from his position. It was also learned that this fact took place on 21 June. ](/news/2017/06/29/crime-in-argentina-a-car-knocks-down-the-security-fences-of-the-pink-house-the-presidential-palace-of-argentina-and-then-stops-in-front-o.md) _Context: Argentina_
