### [2007-01-12](/news/2007/01/12/index.md)

#  United States armed forces raid the office of the Iranian Consulate General in Arbil, a city in Iraqi Kurdistan. 

U.S. forces raided the Iranian consulate in the mainly Kurdish city of Erbil in northern Iraq before dawn today.


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2007/01/11/world/middleeast/11cnd-raid.html?em&ex=1168664400&en=f6c9aa50784b7474&ei=5087%0A)
1. [Cover Image](https://static01.nyt.com/images/icons/t_logo_291_black.png)

### Related:

1. [ Three American hikers detained on the border between Iraqi Kurdistan and Iran are to be charged for espionage by Iranian authorities. ](/news/2009/11/9/three-american-hikers-detained-on-the-border-between-iraqi-kurdistan-and-iran-are-to-be-charged-for-espionage-by-iranian-authorities.md) _Context: Iran, Iraqi Kurdistan, United States_
2. [The results of an independence referendum by Iraqi Kurdistan is to be announced. The vote is widely expected to be in favor of independence. Iran and Turkey have vowed that there may be violence if the result was independence. ](/news/2017/09/26/the-results-of-an-independence-referendum-by-iraqi-kurdistan-is-to-be-announced-the-vote-is-widely-expected-to-be-in-favor-of-independence.md) _Context: Iran, Iraqi Kurdistan_
3. [Iranian forces launch a military exercise near the border of Iraqi Kurdistan, hours before a Kurdish vote on independence from Iraq. Turkey is also conducting a military exercise in the region. ](/news/2017/09/24/iranian-forces-launch-a-military-exercise-near-the-border-of-iraqi-kurdistan-hours-before-a-kurdish-vote-on-independence-from-iraq-turkey.md) _Context: Iran, Iraqi Kurdistan_
4. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: Iran, United States_
5. [Iran confirms it has executed nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri by hanging for treason. Iranian judiciary spokesman Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i says Amiri was charged with spying for enemies of the Islamic Republic of Iran and that U.S. officials had been unaware that Iran was monitoring Amiri's efforts for the West. His body was returned to his family with rope marks around his neck. ](/news/2016/08/7/iran-confirms-it-has-executed-nuclear-scientist-shahram-amiri-by-hanging-for-treason-iranian-judiciary-spokesman-gholam-hossein-mohseni-eje.md) _Context: Iran, United States_
6. [United States President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Iran, United States_
7. [The Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) and the United States agree to carry out joint naval patrols to prevent Iranian arms shipments reaching Yemen, the Gulf bloc's secretary general Abdullatif bin Rashid Al Zayani said on Wednesday, following a meeting with United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. Iran denies it supplies weapons to the Houthis in Yemen. ](/news/2016/04/20/the-gulf-cooperation-council-gcc-and-the-united-states-agree-to-carry-out-joint-naval-patrols-to-prevent-iranian-arms-shipments-reaching-y.md) _Context: Iran, United States_
8. [During a visit to Baghdad, U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter announces that the United States will be sending more troops to the country to help in the fight against ISIL. The U.S. also plans to give Kurdish Peshmerga forces, which are fighting ISIL on the ground, more than $400m (GBP280m; EUR350m) in assistance. ](/news/2016/04/18/during-a-visit-to-baghdad-u-s-defense-secretary-ash-carter-announces-that-the-united-states-will-be-sending-more-troops-to-the-country-to.md) _Context: Iraqi Kurdistan, United States_
9. [The Foreign Minister of Iran Mohammad Javad Zarif says that the country's missile program would not be up for discussion. This comes as United States Secretary of State John Kerry said last Thursday that the United States and its allies would only address Iran's concerns in the region if it makes it clear to all involved that it was prepared to cease provocative ballistic missile launches and tests. ](/news/2016/04/10/the-foreign-minister-of-iran-mohammad-javad-zarif-says-that-the-country-s-missile-program-would-not-be-up-for-discussion-this-comes-as-unit.md) _Context: Iran, United States_
10. [Reuters reports the United States and its European allies have notified the UN that Iran's launching of nuclear-capable missiles violated United Nations Security Council resolution 2231 which endorsed the Iran deal, i.e., the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JCPOA), last year. ](/news/2016/03/29/reuters-reports-the-united-states-and-its-european-allies-have-notified-the-un-that-iran-s-launching-of-nuclear-capable-missiles-violated-un.md) _Context: Iran, United States_
