### [2016-01-15](/news/2016/01/15/index.md)

# 2016 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Alex heads towards the Azores with hurricane warnings in place for several islands. 




### Source:

1. [National Hurricane Center](http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/text/refresh/MIATCPAT1+shtml/142344.shtml)

### Related:

1. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Alex becomes the first hurricane to form in the Atlantic Ocean in January since 1938 with warnings issued for the Azores. ](/news/2016/01/14/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-alex-becomes-the-first-hurricane-to-form-in-the-atlantic-ocean-in-january-since-1938-with-warnings.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season, Azores, Hurricane Alex_
2. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season: Subtropical Storm Alex is located 785 miles (1,260 km) south-southwest of the Azores. Alex is one of just four tropical or subtropical storms to occur in January since 1851, the first year records were kept. The hurricane season begins on June 1 of each year. Alex is expected to hit the Azores on Friday with average rain accumulations of 3 to 5 inches. ](/news/2016/01/13/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-subtropical-storm-alex-is-located-785-miles-1-260-km-south-southwest-of-the-azores-alex-is-one-of-just-fo.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season, Azores_
3. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Otto makes landfall in Nicaragua, becoming the southernmost hurricane on record to hit Central America. ](/news/2016/11/24/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-otto-makes-landfall-in-nicaragua-becoming-the-southernmost-hurricane-on-record-to-hit-central-ame.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season_
4. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Otto impacts Panama. A tropical storm watch is issued for Nicaragua from Bluefields to Sandy Bay Sirpi. ](/news/2016/11/22/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-otto-impacts-panama-a-tropical-storm-watch-is-issued-for-nicaragua-from-bluefields-to-sandy-bay-s.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season_
5. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Matthew, responsible for killing 13 people and knocking out power to 2.2 million households and businesses in the Southeastern United States, is now a Category 1 hurricane (75 mph;120 km/h winds) approaching the North Carolina coast. ](/news/2016/10/8/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-responsible-for-killing-13-people-and-knocking-out-power-to-2-2-million-households-and-bu.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season_
6. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Matthew hits the southeastern United States as the death toll in Haiti rises to at least 877. ](/news/2016/10/7/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-hits-the-southeastern-united-states-as-the-death-toll-in-haiti-rises-to-at-least-877.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season_
7. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Matthew moves towards the United States with hundreds of thousands of people being evacuated from the states of Florida and South Carolina. ](/news/2016/10/6/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-moves-towards-the-united-states-with-hundreds-of-thousands-of-people-being-evacuated-from.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season_
8. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Matthew kills at least 26 people on the island of Hispaniola; 22 in Haiti and four more in the Dominican Republic. The U.S. National Hurricane Center predicts the storm, currently a Category 3 with maximum sustained winds of 115 mph (185 km/h), will strengthen as it moves across the Bahamas tonight and tomorrow, and be near the east coast of Florida by tomorrow evening. ](/news/2016/10/5/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-kills-at-least-26-people-on-the-island-of-hispaniola-22-in-haiti-and-four-more-in-the-dom.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season_
9. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season: Weather forecasters track Hurricane Matthew as it makes landfall in Haiti and issue hurricane warnings for Cuba and the Bahamas. ](/news/2016/10/4/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-weather-forecasters-track-hurricane-matthew-as-it-makes-landfall-in-haiti-and-issue-hurricane-warnings-for-c.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season_
10. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season: Heavy rains from Hurricane Matthew's outer bands drench Haiti and Jamaica, killing a Haitian fisherman. The Category 4 storm, with 140 mph ((220 km/h) maximum sustained winds), is heading towards western Haiti, eastern Cuba, and the southeastern and central Bahamas. ](/news/2016/10/3/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-heavy-rains-from-hurricane-matthew-s-outer-bands-drench-haiti-and-jamaica-killing-a-haitian-fisherman-the.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season_
