### [2016-01-15](/news/2016/01/15/index.md)

# Former Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra appears in court to face corruption charges. 

THAILAND-POLITICS/RICE (PIX, TV):Ousted Thai PM Yingluck in court for corruption trial


### Source:

1. [Reuters via Trust](http://news.trust.org/item/20160115035300-wbyt0)
1. [Cover Image](http://d2sh4fq2xsdeg9.cloudfront.net/contentAsset/image/13e86059-c49a-40a6-a813-92f77032203b/image/byInode/1/filter/Resize,Jpeg/jpeg_q/70/resize_w/1100)

### Related:

1. [The National Anti-Corruption Commission summon the Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra to face charges of allegedly mishandling a rice subsidy program as her supporters block access to the building. ](/news/2014/02/27/the-national-anti-corruption-commission-summon-the-prime-minister-of-thailand-yingluck-shinawatra-to-face-charges-of-allegedly-mishandling-a.md) _Context: 2013-14 Thai political crisis, Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
2. [Senior members of the Pheu Thai Party report former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra left Thailand last week ahead of the verdict in her negligence trial. She is in Dubai where her brother, Thaksin Shinawatra, lives. ](/news/2017/08/26/senior-members-of-the-pheu-thai-party-report-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-left-thailand-last-week-ahead-of-the-verdict-in-her-n.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
3. [Thailand's Supreme Court issues an arrest warrant for former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra, who didn't appear in court for the verdict in her negligence trial regarding a rice subsidy program for farmers. The court also issued a statement questioning her attorney's report that she is unwell and a potential flight risk, citing the lack of a physician's certificate. The reading of the verdict has been rescheduled to September 27. Sources within Shinawatra's party Pheu Thai Party have said that she has allegedly fled the country, though not saying where to, in response current prime minister Prayuth Chan-ocha has ordered the border checkpoints to be closely monitored to prevent Shinawatra leaving the country if she has not already. ](/news/2017/08/25/thailand-s-supreme-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-who-didn-t-appear-in-court-for-the-verdict.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
4. [Former Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra will be indicted over a controversial rice subsidy scheme. ](/news/2015/02/19/former-prime-minister-of-thailand-yingluck-shinawatra-will-be-indicted-over-a-controversial-rice-subsidy-scheme.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
5. [Former Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra appears to face impeachment charges over a failed rice subsidy scheme. ](/news/2015/01/9/former-prime-minister-of-thailand-yingluck-shinawatra-appears-to-face-impeachment-charges-over-a-failed-rice-subsidy-scheme.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
6. [The Thai military junta gives permission for former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra to travel abroad for the first time since the coup. ](/news/2014/07/17/the-thai-military-junta-gives-permission-for-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-to-travel-abroad-for-the-first-time-since-the-coup.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
7. [Thailand's National Anti-Corruption Commission refers former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra to face impeachment charges in the Senate over a failed rice subsidy scheme. ](/news/2014/05/8/thailand-s-national-anti-corruption-commission-refers-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-to-face-impeachment-charges-in-the-senate-ov.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
8. [The Constitutional Court of Thailand finds that Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra is guilty of abuse of power when she transferred the National Security Council chief in 2011 and that she cannot remain in office. ](/news/2014/05/7/the-constitutional-court-of-thailand-finds-that-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-is-guilty-of-abuse-of-power-when-she-transferred-the-nati.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
9. [The Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra appears before the Thai Constitutional Court to defend herself against charges of abuse of power. ](/news/2014/05/6/the-prime-minister-of-thailand-yingluck-shinawatra-appears-before-the-thai-constitutional-court-to-defend-herself-against-charges-of-abuse-o.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
10. [Royal Thai Army chief and coup leader General Prayuth Chan-ocha detains former Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra after summoning her for talks a day after the coup. ](/news/2014/05/23/royal-thai-army-chief-and-coup-leader-general-prayuth-chan-ocha-detains-former-prime-minister-of-thailand-yingluck-shinawatra-after-summonin.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
