### [2016-01-15](/news/2016/01/15/index.md)

# The United States Coast Guard and Navy in Hawaii are searching for twelve American servicemen off the northern coast of Oahu following a crash between two United States Marine Corps CH-53E Super Stallion helicopters that were conducting an overnight training flight. 

The Coast Guard is searching for two CH-53E Super Stallion helicopters and their crews after a collision off the coast of Oahu early Friday, according to Marine officials in Hawaii.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/01/15/us/hawaii-military-aircraft-collision/)
2. [Wall Street Journal](http://www.wsj.com/articles/coast-guard-says-two-marine-helicopters-collided-off-hawaiian-island-of-oahu-1452864960)

### Related:

1. [SS "El Faro". The United States National Transportation Safety Board (NSTB) has asked the U.S. Navy to resume the search ended by the U.S. Coast Guard for the merchant vessel SS "El Faro" believed lost on October 7 during Hurricane Joaquin. The loss of the ship - with its crew of 33 hands - is regarded as -the worst U.S. merchant marine disaster of recent memory.- ](/news/2015/10/15/ss-el-faro-the-united-states-national-transportation-safety-board-nstb-has-asked-the-u-s-navy-to-resume-the-search-ended-by-the-u-s-c.md) _Context: United States Coast Guard, United States Navy_
2. [2015 Chattanooga shootings. A shooting occurs at a United States Navy recruiting office and a Navy operational support center in Chattanooga, Tennessee, killing four U.S. Marines and the gunman and wounding a police officer, a Marine Corps recruiter and a sailor who is listed in serious condition. ](/news/2015/07/16/2015-chattanooga-shootings-a-shooting-occurs-at-a-united-states-navy-recruiting-office-and-a-navy-operational-support-center-in-chattanooga.md) _Context: Marines, United States Navy_
3. [2017 V-22 Osprey crash. Searches are underway for three members of the United States Marine Corps missing after a MV-22 Osprey crashed off the coast of the Australian state of Queensland. Twenty three of the twenty six people on board have been rescued. ](/news/2017/08/5/2017-v-22-osprey-crash-searches-are-underway-for-three-members-of-the-united-states-marine-corps-missing-after-a-mv-22-osprey-crashed-off-t.md) _Context: Marines_
4. [Aftermath of the USS "John S. McCain" collision. The United States Navy relieves vice admiral Joseph Aucoin as commander of the United States Seventh Fleet following four collisions in Asia this year that claimed the lives of 17 sailors. ](/news/2017/08/23/aftermath-of-the-uss-john-s-mccain-collision-the-united-states-navy-relieves-vice-admiral-joseph-aucoin-as-commander-of-the-united-state.md) _Context: United States Navy_
5. [Shipwrecks in 2017. The United States Navy's USS "John S. McCain" collides with the Liberian-flagged "Alnic" MC near Singapore. Rescue efforts are underway with ten sailors reported as missing. ](/news/2017/08/21/shipwrecks-in-2017-the-united-states-navy-s-uss-john-s-mccain-collides-with-the-liberian-flagged-alnic-mc-near-singapore-rescue-effor.md) _Context: United States Navy_
6. [US Navy losses in World War II. The wreckage of the Indianapolis|CA-35|6 heavy cruiser, torpedoed by the Imperial Japanese Navy submarine I-58 and sunk in 1945 after delivering parts for the Little Boy atomic weapon, is discovered on the floor of the North Pacific Ocean. Only 317 of the U.S. Sailors/Marines who survived the sinking were finally rescued after 4-5 days in shark-infested waters. ](/news/2017/08/19/us-navy-losses-in-world-war-ii-the-wreckage-of-the-indianapolis-ca-35-6-heavy-cruiser-torpedoed-by-the-imperial-japanese-navy-submarine-i.md) _Context: Marines_
7. [USS "Fitzgerald" and MV "ACX Crystal" collision. The US Navy has announced that about a dozen sailors of the USS "Fitzgerald" are to be disciplined in the aftermath of the collision with a container ship last June, where 7 crew members died. ](/news/2017/08/17/uss-fitzgerald-and-mv-acx-crystal-collision-the-us-navy-has-announced-that-about-a-dozen-sailors-of-the-uss-fitzgerald-are-to-be-disc.md) _Context: United States Navy_
8. [Accidents and incidents involving helicopters. A United States Army Combat Aviation Brigade UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter crashes off the coast of Hawaii, with five people on board. A United States Coast Guard-led search for the missing is underway. ](/news/2017/08/16/accidents-and-incidents-involving-helicopters-a-united-states-army-combat-aviation-brigade-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-crashes-off-the-coas.md) _Context: United States Coast Guard_
9. [Military of the United States. Because of a recent pair of deadly crashes, the U.S. Marine Corps will ground its flight operations for 24 hours for an operational reset. The suspensions will be spread out over the next two weeks. ](/news/2017/08/11/military-of-the-united-states-because-of-a-recent-pair-of-deadly-crashes-the-u-s-marine-corps-will-ground-its-flight-operations-for-24-ho.md) _Context: Marines_
10. [Iran-United States relations. The United States Navy says the USS "Thunderbolt" fired a warning shot at an Iranian patrol boat after it came within 150 yards of the U.S. ship. ](/news/2017/07/25/iran-united-states-relations-the-united-states-navy-says-the-uss-thunderbolt-fired-a-warning-shot-at-an-iranian-patrol-boat-after-it-ca.md) _Context: United States Navy_
