### [2011-08-23](/news/2011/08/23/index.md)

# Hattiesburg Mayor Johnny DuPree is declared the winner in the Democratic Party primary election in Mississippi, becoming the first black candidate to win a major party nomination in a gubernatorial race. 




### Source:

1. [Clarion Ledger](http://www.clarionledger.com/article/20110823/NEWS04/110823037/Johnny-DuPree-grabs-Democratic-nomination-Mississippi-governor)

### Related:

1. [United States presidential election, 2016: Voters in the U.S. state of Wisconsin go to the polls for a primary election with Ted Cruz winning the Republican Party contest and Bernie Sanders winning the Democratic Party primary. ](/news/2016/04/5/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-wisconsin-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-ted-cruz-winnin.md) _Context: Democratic, primary election_
2. [Republican Party presidential primaries, 2016: Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016: Voters in the U.S. states of Mississippi, Michigan, Hawaii and Idaho vote in primary elections and caucuses. ](/news/2016/03/8/republican-party-presidential-primaries-2016-democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-mississippi-mich.md) _Context: Mississippi, primary election_
3. [Elections in the United States; Louisiana gubernatorial election, 2015: Republican U.S. Senator David Vitter and Democratic state Representative John Bel Edwards top two Republican candidates for spots in the November 21 runoff election. Edwards wins 40 percent and Vitter 23 percent of the primary vote, according to unofficial returns. ](/news/2015/10/25/elections-in-the-united-states-louisiana-gubernatorial-election-2015-republican-u-s-senator-david-vitter-and-democratic-state-representa.md) _Context: Democratic, primary election_
4. [Police in the Mississippian city of Hattiesburg arrest three people on suspicion of murdering two policemen. ](/news/2015/05/10/police-in-the-mississippian-city-of-hattiesburg-arrest-three-people-on-suspicion-of-murdering-two-policemen.md) _Context: Hattiesburg, Mississippi_
5. [2013 Hattiesburg, Mississippi tornado: A tornado causes significant damage to the American town of Hattiesburg, Mississippi. ](/news/2013/02/10/2013-hattiesburg-mississippi-tornado-a-tornado-causes-significant-damage-to-the-american-town-of-hattiesburg-mississippi.md) _Context: Hattiesburg, Mississippi_
6. [A United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit rules that former Olympic champion Carl Lewis be placed on the ballot for a Democrat primary election for a New Jersey State Senate seat. ](/news/2011/05/5/a-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-third-circuit-rules-that-former-olympic-champion-carl-lewis-be-placed-on-the-ballot-for-a-democrat.md) _Context: Democratic, primary election_
7. [ United States Democratic Party's Rules and Bylaws Committee meets to decide on the Florida and Michigan democratic primaries held in violation of scheduling rules. The Committee decides that both states delegate counts would be halved. ](/news/2008/05/31/united-states-democratic-party-s-rules-and-bylaws-committee-meets-to-decide-on-the-florida-and-michigan-democratic-primaries-held-in-violat.md) _Context: Democratic, primary election_
8. [ United States presidential election, 2008:: Illinois Senator Barack Obama wins the District of Columbia, Maryland and Virginia Democratic primaries. Obama now leads Sen. Hillary Clinton in the delegate count for the first time since early in the campaign. ](/news/2008/02/12/united-states-presidential-election-2008-illinois-senator-barack-obama-wins-the-district-of-columbia-maryland-and-virginia-democratic-p.md) _Context: Democratic, primary election_
9. [ United States presidential election, 2008:: Voters in New Hampshire go to the polls for the first primary election to determine presidential nominees for the Democratic and Republican parties.: New York Senator Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic primary.: Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Republican primary. ](/news/2008/01/8/united-states-presidential-election-2008-voters-in-new-hampshire-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-primary-election-to-determine-presidentia.md) _Context: Democratic, primary election_
10. [Politics of the United States: West Virginia Governor Jim Justice announces, during U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Huntington, he is changing his party affiliation from Democratic to Republican. ](/news/2017/08/3/politics-of-the-united-states-west-virginia-governor-jim-justice-announces-during-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-rally-in-huntington-he-is.md) _Context: Democratic_
