### [2011-08-23](/news/2011/08/23/index.md)

# Thailand says it will recognize the State of Palestine during its September bid at the United Nations General Assembly. 




### Source:

1. [Ma'an News Agency](http://www.maannews.net/eng/ViewDetails.aspx?ID=415384)

### Related:

1. [The 67th session of the United Nations General Assembly approves to upgrade Palestine's status from an "observer" to an "observer state", with 138 voting in favor, 9 against and 41 abstaining. ](/news/2012/11/29/the-67th-session-of-the-united-nations-general-assembly-approves-to-upgrade-palestine-s-status-from-an-observer-to-an-observer-state-wi.md) _Context: Palestinian, United Nations General Assembly_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. Richard Falk, a UN human rights rapporteur, issues a report to the United Nations General Assembly saying continued settlement construction would probably make Israel's occupation of Palestinian land irreversible and that said the UN, the US and Israel had failed to uphold the rights of Palestinians. ](/news/2010/10/23/israeli-palestinian-conflict-richard-falk-a-un-human-rights-rapporteur-issues-a-report-to-the-united-nations-general-assembly-saying-c.md) _Context: Palestinian, United Nations General Assembly_
3. [ Thailand coup d'tat:. A coup d'tat occurs in Thailand, with tanks seen moving into place around government buildings in Bangkok. Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra declares a state of emergency in a TV broadcast from the United States, where he went for the United Nations General Assembly, but the transmission is reported to have been cut off.. An announcement on Thai television declared that a "Council of Administrative Reform" with King Bhumibol Adulyadej as head of state had seized power in Bangkok and nearby provinces without any resistance. State TV stations are broadcasting messages of loyalty to the King, while international broadcast channels were blocked. ](/news/2006/09/19/thailand-coup-d-etat-a-coup-d-etat-occurs-in-thailand-with-tanks-seen-moving-into-place-around-government-buildings-in-bangkok-prime-mi.md) _Context: Thailand, United Nations General Assembly_
4. [Law in Israel. Israel arrests Palestinian lawmaker Khalida Jarrar over allegations of her inciting of violence. ](/news/2017/07/2/law-in-israel-israel-arrests-palestinian-lawmaker-khalida-jarrar-over-allegations-of-her-inciting-of-violence.md) _Context: Palestinian_
5. [United Nations Ocean Conference. At a United Nations-Oceans summit, delegates from China, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand, four of the top polluters of plastic into the oceans, pledge to reduce their levels of oceanic plastic pollution. ](/news/2017/06/8/united-nations-ocean-conference-at-a-united-nations-oceans-summit-delegates-from-china-indonesia-the-philippines-and-thailand-four-of-t.md) _Context: Thailand_
6. [Chagos Archipelago sovereignty dispute. In a vote at the United Nations General Assembly, 94 states support a Mauritius-sponsored resolution to seek an advisory opinion from the International Court of Justice on the legal status of the disputed Chagos Archipelago. ](/news/2017/06/22/chagos-archipelago-sovereignty-dispute-in-a-vote-at-the-united-nations-general-assembly-94-states-support-a-mauritius-sponsored-resolution.md) _Context: United Nations General Assembly_
7. [South Thailand insurgency. A wave of small-scale terrorist attacks, including tire burning and the bombing of the electric grid, hits the Thai provinces of Yala, Pattani, Narathiwat, and Songkhla in response to the new Constitution of Thailand. ](/news/2017/04/7/south-thailand-insurgency-a-wave-of-small-scale-terrorist-attacks-including-tire-burning-and-the-bombing-of-the-electric-grid-hits-the-th.md) _Context: Thailand_
8. [Thai King Vajiralongkorn signed into law a new Constitution of Thailand that paves the way for democratic reforms while allowing the Royal Thai Army to retain its influential role in Thai politics. ](/news/2017/04/6/thai-king-vajiralongkorn-signed-into-law-a-new-constitution-of-thailand-that-paves-the-way-for-democratic-reforms-while-allowing-the-royal-t.md) _Context: Thailand_
9. [South Thailand insurgency. Joint bomb and gun attacks kill at least two in Narathiwat, Pattani, and Songkhla Provinces of Thailand, the latest in a long string of such attacks. ](/news/2017/04/19/south-thailand-insurgency-joint-bomb-and-gun-attacks-kill-at-least-two-in-narathiwat-pattani-and-songkhla-provinces-of-thailand-the-late.md) _Context: Thailand_
10. [Fatah-Hamas conflict. The Gaza Strip's sole power plant is shut down due to running out of fuel, amid unpaid bills and a dispute over tax bills on fuel imports to the blockaded Palestinian territory. ](/news/2017/04/16/fatah-hamas-conflict-the-gaza-strip-s-sole-power-plant-is-shut-down-due-to-running-out-of-fuel-amid-unpaid-bills-and-a-dispute-over-tax.md) _Context: Palestinian_
