### [2011-08-23](/news/2011/08/23/index.md)

# The BBC reports that former "News of the World" editor Andy Coulson continued to receive a severance pay package from News International while working as Director of Communications for the Conservative Party. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-14627871)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/54763000/jpg/_54763551_012669717-1.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Former News International tabloid editor Andy Coulson is found guilty in relation to conspiracy to hack mobile phones. Rebekah Brooks, Charlie Brooks, Clive Goodman, Ian Edmondson, Stuart Kuttner, Cheryl Carter and Mark Hanna are acquitted. ](/news/2014/06/24/former-news-international-tabloid-editor-andy-coulson-is-found-guilty-in-relation-to-conspiracy-to-hack-mobile-phones-rebekah-brooks-charl.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, News International, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
2. [British prime minister David Cameron allowed his former spokesman Andy Coulson, the ex-editor of the now-defunct "News of the World" tabloid, access to some of the British government's most sensitive secrets without full security clearance, the Leveson Inquiry is told. ](/news/2012/05/10/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-allowed-his-former-spokesman-andy-coulson-the-ex-editor-of-the-now-defunct-news-of-the-world-tabloid.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, News of the World, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
3. [Metropolitan Police detective April Casburn, who tried to sell information to the "News of the World", regarding the investigation into phone hacking scandal, is jailed for 15 months. ](/news/2013/02/1/metropolitan-police-detective-april-casburn-who-tried-to-sell-information-to-the-news-of-the-world-regarding-the-investigation-into-phon.md) _Context: News of the World, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
4. [Britain's Crown Prosecution Service confirms that eight people, including Andy Coulson and Rebekah Brooks, will face charges relating to the News International phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2012/07/24/britain-s-crown-prosecution-service-confirms-that-eight-people-including-andy-coulson-and-rebekah-brooks-will-face-charges-relating-to-the.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
5. [The BBC uncovers files showing that Raymond Mawby, a Conservative Minister during the 1960s, passed information to Czechoslovak agents in exchange for money. ](/news/2012/06/28/the-bbc-uncovers-files-showing-that-raymond-mawby-a-conservative-minister-during-the-1960s-passed-information-to-czechoslovak-agents-in-ex.md) _Context: BBC, Conservative Party_
6. [British Prime Minister David Cameron appears before the Leveson Inquiry. The hearing is told of his relationship with former News International Chief Executive Rebekah Brooks, while he says his decision to appoint Andy Coulson as his Director of Communications will haunt him. ](/news/2012/06/14/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-appears-before-the-leveson-inquiry-the-hearing-is-told-of-his-relationship-with-former-news-internatio.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, News International_
7. [Rebekah Brooks, the former chief executive of News International, and her husband Charlie Brooks are charged with perverting the course of justice in relation to the alleged destruction of evidence associated with the News International phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2012/05/15/rebekah-brooks-the-former-chief-executive-of-news-international-and-her-husband-charlie-brooks-are-charged-with-perverting-the-course-of-j.md) _Context: News International, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
8. [News International phone hacking scandal: The House of Commons Culture, Media and Sport Committee publishes its report into phone hacking at the "News of the World". The committee concludes that Rupert Murdoch "is not a fit person" to run a major international company and exhibited "wilful blindness" to phone-hacking and other practices going on in his media empire. The report also accuses three News Corporation executives of giving misleading evidence. ](/news/2012/05/1/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-the-house-of-commons-culture-media-and-sport-committee-publishes-its-report-into-phone-hacking-at.md) _Context: News of the World, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
9. [British police arrest six people on suspicion of attempting to pervert the course of justice in relation to phone hacking in the media including Rebekah Brooks, a former top executive of News International. ](/news/2012/03/13/british-police-arrest-six-people-on-suspicion-of-attempting-to-pervert-the-course-of-justice-in-relation-to-phone-hacking-in-the-media-inclu.md) _Context: News International, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
10. [James Murdoch resigns from News International to focus on running News Limited's television business with the News International phone hacking scandal as a factor in the decision. ](/news/2012/02/29/james-murdoch-resigns-from-news-international-to-focus-on-running-news-limited-s-television-business-with-the-news-international-phone-hacki.md) _Context: News International, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
