### [2011-08-23](/news/2011/08/23/index.md)

# The BBC reports that former ''News of the World'' editor Andy Coulson continued to receive a severance pay package from News International while working as Director of Communications for the Conservative Party. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-14627871)

### Related:

1. [Former News International tabloid editor Andy Coulson is found guilty in relation to conspiracy to hack mobile phones. Rebekah Brooks, Charlie Brooks, Clive Goodman, Ian Edmondson, Stuart Kuttner, Cheryl Carter and Mark Hanna are acquitted. ](/news/2014/06/24/former-news-international-tabloid-editor-andy-coulson-is-found-guilty-in-relation-to-conspiracy-to-hack-mobile-phones-rebekah-brooks-charl.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, News International, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
2. [British prime minister David Cameron allowed his former spokesman Andy Coulson, the ex-editor of the now-defunct ''News of the World'' tabloid, access to some of the British government's most sensitive secrets without full security clearance, the Leveson Inquiry is told. ](/news/2012/05/10/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-allowed-his-former-spokesman-andy-coulson-the-ex-editor-of-the-now-defunct-news-of-the-world-tablo.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, News of the World, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
3. [News International phone hacking scandal:The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron faces questions in parliament over his decision to hire Andy Coulson, a former editor of the ''News of the World'' at the time of the phone hacking affair. ](/news/2011/07/20/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-pthe-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-faces-questions-in-parliament-over-his-deci.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, News of the World, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
4. [News International phone hacking scandal:British Foreign Secretary William Hague defends Prime Minister David Cameron following revelations he has met senior News International executives on 26 occasions since becoming Prime Minister, and entertained Andy Coulson at Chequers following his resignation as Director of Communications. Hague says he is "not embarrassed" by the extent of Cameron's dealings with News International. ](/news/2011/07/16/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-pbritish-foreign-secretary-william-hague-defends-prime-minister-david-cameron-following-revelations.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, News International, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
5. [Metropolitan Police detective April Casburn, who tried to sell information to the ''News of the World'', regarding the investigation into phone hacking scandal, is jailed for 15 months. ](/news/2013/02/1/metropolitan-police-detective-april-casburn-who-tried-to-sell-information-to-the-news-of-the-world-regarding-the-investigation-into-ph.md) _Context: News of the World, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
6. [Britain's Crown Prosecution Service confirms that eight people, including Andy Coulson and Rebekah Brooks, will face charges relating to the News International phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2012/07/24/britain-s-crown-prosecution-service-confirms-that-eight-people-including-andy-coulson-and-rebekah-brooks-will-face-charges-relating-to-the.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
7. [The BBC uncovers files showing that Raymond Mawby, a Conservative Minister during the 1960s, passed information to Czechoslovak agents in exchange for money. ](/news/2012/06/28/the-bbc-uncovers-files-showing-that-raymond-mawby-a-conservative-minister-during-the-1960s-passed-information-to-czechoslovak-agents-in-ex.md) _Context: BBC, Conservative_
8. [British Prime Minister David Cameron appears before the Leveson Inquiry. The hearing is told of his relationship with former News International Chief Executive Rebekah Brooks, while he says his decision to appoint Andy Coulson as his Director of Communications will haunt him. ](/news/2012/06/14/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-appears-before-the-leveson-inquiry-the-hearing-is-told-of-his-relationship-with-former-news-internatio.md) _Context: Andy Coulson, News International_
9. [Rebekah Brooks, the former chief executive of News International, and her husband Charlie Brooks are charged with perverting the course of justice in relation to the alleged destruction of evidence associated with the News International phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2012/05/15/rebekah-brooks-the-former-chief-executive-of-news-international-and-her-husband-charlie-brooks-are-charged-with-perverting-the-course-of-j.md) _Context: News International, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
10. [News International phone hacking scandal: The House of Commons Culture, Media and Sport Committee publishes its report into phone hacking at the ''News of the World''. The committee concludes that Rupert Murdoch "is not a fit person" to run a major international company and exhibited "wilful blindness" to phone-hacking and other practices going on in his media empire. The report also accuses three News Corporation executives of giving misleading evidence. ](/news/2012/05/1/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-the-house-of-commons-culture-media-and-sport-committee-publishes-its-report-into-phone-hacking-at.md) _Context: News of the World, conspiracy to hack mobile phones_
