### [2011-08-23](/news/2011/08/23/index.md)

# The United Nations Human Rights Council orders an investigation into alleged human rights violations by the Government of Syria in the 2011 Syrian uprising. 

The UN Human Rights Council orders an international inquiry to look into alleged violations by the Syrian regime during its crackdown on anti-regime protests.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-14628573)

### Related:

1. [2011-2012 Syrian uprising: The United Nations General Assembly overwhelmingly votes in favour of an Arab sponsored resolution condemning human rights violations by the Syrian government led by President Bashar al-Assad. ](/news/2012/02/16/2011a2012-syrian-uprising-the-united-nations-general-assembly-overwhelmingly-votes-in-favour-of-an-arab-sponsored-resolution-condemning-h.md) _Context: Government of Syria, Human rights_
2. [The United Nations Human Rights Council denounces the crimes against humanity during the 2011 Syrian uprising which killed over 4,000 people since the uprising started in March. ](/news/2011/12/2/the-united-nations-human-rights-council-denounces-the-crimes-against-humanity-during-the-2011-syrian-uprising-which-killed-over-4-000-people.md) _Context: 2011 Syrian uprising, United Nations Human Rights Council_
3. [Four European nations (the United Kingdom, France, Germany and Portugal) circulate a draft United Nations Security Council resolution condemning the Government of Syria for its recent crackdown on protesters. ](/news/2011/08/2/four-european-nations-the-united-kingdom-france-germany-and-portugal-circulate-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-condem.md) _Context: 2011 Syrian uprising, Government of Syria_
4. [The United States announces plans to impose sanctions on the President of Syria, Bashar al-Assad, and six members of his government, for alleged human rights breaches during the 2011 Syrian uprising. ](/news/2011/05/18/the-united-states-announces-plans-to-impose-sanctions-on-the-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-and-six-members-of-his-government-for-all.md) _Context: 2011 Syrian uprising, Human rights_
5. [Syrian human rights activist and government critic Haitham al-Maleh is released from prison as part of an amnesty for those convicted of minor crimes and those aged over 70. ](/news/2011/03/8/syrian-human-rights-activist-and-government-critic-haitham-al-maleh-is-released-from-prison-as-part-of-an-amnesty-for-those-convicted-of-min.md) _Context: Government of Syria, Human rights_
6. [A panel of human rights experts convened by the United Nations Human Rights Council says Israel's seizure of the MV Mavi Marmara in the Gaza flotilla raid was "clearly unlawful". ](/news/2010/09/22/a-panel-of-human-rights-experts-convened-by-the-united-nations-human-rights-council-says-israel-s-seizure-of-the-mv-mavi-marmara-in-the-gaza.md) _Context: Human rights, United Nations Human Rights Council_
7. [ The South Korean government decides to vote for a resolution on North Korean human rights violations in the United Nations Human Rights Council. ](/news/2008/03/26/the-south-korean-government-decides-to-vote-for-a-resolution-on-north-korean-human-rights-violations-in-the-united-nations-human-rights-cou.md) _Context: Human rights, United Nations Human Rights Council_
8. [ The United Nations General Assembly votes to establish the United Nations Human Rights Council, a new human rights organization to replace the United Nations Commission on Human Rights, with only the United States, Israel, the Marshall Islands and Palau opposing. ](/news/2006/03/15/the-united-nations-general-assembly-votes-to-establish-the-united-nations-human-rights-council-a-new-human-rights-organization-to-replace.md) _Context: Human rights, United Nations Human Rights Council_
9. [The United States launches 60  Tomahawk cruise missiles aimed at the Ash Sha'irat air base in Homs Governorate in response to the Syrian government's alleged use of chemical weapons in its attack on the town of Khan Shaykhun. The Government of Syria claims the attack killed six soldiers and nine civilians, including four children. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-united-states-launches-60-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-aimed-at-the-ash-sha-irat-air-base-in-homs-governorate-in-response-to-the-syrian-gov.md) _Context: Government of Syria_
10. [The United Nations Human Rights Council releases a report detailing mass atrocities by the military and police forces against Myanmar's Rohingya minority, including gang-rapes, mass killings, and possible ethnic cleansing, which could amount to crimes against humanity. ](/news/2017/02/3/the-united-nations-human-rights-council-releases-a-report-detailing-mass-atrocities-by-the-military-and-police-forces-against-myanmar-s-rohi.md) _Context: United Nations Human Rights Council_
