### [2006-06-29](/news/2006/06/29/index.md)

#  Internet Explorer Version 7 Beta 3 is released for Windows XP and Windows Server 2003




### Related:

1. [Windows 8 along with Internet Explorer versions 8, 9 and 10 are now officially unsupported by Microsoft. ](/news/2016/01/12/windows-8-along-with-internet-explorer-versions-8-9-and-10-are-now-officially-unsupported-by-microsoft.md) _Context: Internet Explorer_
2. [Microsoft officially concludes Windows XP after 12 years of support. ](/news/2014/04/9/microsoft-officially-concludes-windows-xp-after-12-years-of-support.md) _Context: Windows XP_
3. [Microsoft announces a major vulnerability in Internet Explorer versions 6 to 11 that could enable hackers to gain access and user rights to its customers' computers. ](/news/2014/04/28/microsoft-announces-a-major-vulnerability-in-internet-explorer-versions-6-to-11-that-could-enable-hackers-to-gain-access-and-user-rights-to.md) _Context: Internet Explorer_
4. [The European Commission fines Microsoft EUR561 million for failing to provide residents of the European Union with a selection of web browsers as an alternative to Internet Explorer. ](/news/2013/03/6/the-european-commission-fines-microsoft-a-561-million-for-failing-to-provide-residents-of-the-european-union-with-a-selection-of-web-browse.md) _Context: Internet Explorer_
5. [The German government asks its citizens to stop using Microsoft's web browser Internet Explorer to protect their own security. ](/news/2010/01/16/the-german-government-asks-its-citizens-to-stop-using-microsoft-s-web-browser-internet-explorer-to-protect-their-own-security.md) _Context: Internet Explorer_
6. [ Web sites encouraged to support IE rivals, as Firefox 1.5 passes the 20 million downloads mark. Firefox browser has 11 percent of the UK market.](/news/2006/01/24/web-sites-encouraged-to-support-ie-rivals-as-firefox-1-5-passes-the-20-million-downloads-mark-firefox-browser-has-11-percent-of-the-uk-ma.md) _Context: Internet Explorer_
7. [ The Zotob computer worm causes fatal crashes of computers worldwide. The worm only crashes PCs running Windows 2000 and earlier versions of Windows XP, shutting down and rebooting the computer endlessly. Affected were CNN, ABC, Caterpillar, New York Times and Capitol Hill PCs. ](/news/2005/08/17/the-zotob-computer-worm-causes-fatal-crashes-of-computers-worldwide-the-worm-only-crashes-pcs-running-windows-2000-and-earlier-versions-of.md) _Context: Windows XP_
8. [ Microsoft announces its intentions to release Internet Explorer version 7.0. This is seen by some as a response to the growing popularity of the Mozilla Firefox browser. ](/news/2005/02/15/microsoft-announces-its-intentions-to-release-internet-explorer-version-7-0-this-is-seen-by-some-as-a-response-to-the-growing-popularity-o.md) _Context: Internet Explorer_
9. [ Computer security: German authorities arrest an 18-year-old high school student on suspicion that he is responsible for creating the Sasser worm, which has infected hundreds of thousands of computers worldwide by exploiting a flaw in the Windows 2000 and Windows XP operating systems. According to CNET, a US$5 million reward from Microsoft was instrumental in leading investigators to the suspect. ](/news/2004/05/8/computer-security-german-authorities-arrest-an-18-year-old-high-school-student-on-suspicion-that-he-is-responsible-for-creating-the-sasser.md) _Context: Windows XP_
10. [ Microsoft has decided to appeal a verdict to pay $520.6 million from a Chicago federal jury that affirms the Internet Explorer web browser violated Intellectual Property rights of Eolas Technologies (concerning Patent US 5838906).](/news/2003/08/12/microsoft-has-decided-to-appeal-a-verdict-to-pay-520-6-million-from-a-chicago-federal-jury-that-affirms-the-internet-explorer-web-browser.md) _Context: Internet Explorer_
