### [2006-06-29](/news/2006/06/29/index.md)

#  Israeli government puts off an offensive to the northern Gaza Strip, and freezes military operations in the southern Gaza strip, to allow further time for diplomatic negotiations. There have been no Palestinian fatalities in two days of Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip and West Bank. 




### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/732506.html)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): IDF raid three demolished Israeli settlements and one Palestinian neighbourhood in the northern Gaza Strip, to halt the daily firing of Qassam rockets at Israeli towns. One Israeli soldier, more than 20 Palestenian militants and one civilian are killed. ](/news/2006/07/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-idf-raid-three-demolished-israeli-settlements-and-one-palestinian-neighbourhood-in.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Operation Summer Rains, Palestinian_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): The Israeli army has been accused of using Palestinian civilians as human shields in an operation in northern Gaza. According to the Israeli human rights group, B'tselem, six civilians including two minors were subjected to the illegal tactic during an incursion into the town of Beit Hanoun last week. ](/news/2006/07/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-the-israeli-army-has-been-accused-of-using-palestinian-civilians-as-human-shields-i.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Operation Summer Rains, Palestinian_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:  Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220914.stm (BBC)] [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/621804.html (Haaretz)] The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220300.stm (BBC)], [http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)] The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the "internal conflict" at the Likud party. ([http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: The Israeli Defense Force launches Operation First Rain, a series of air strikes on Palestinian targets in the Gaza Strip, including an alleged Hamas weapons factory and a children's school. According to Israel the operation's goal is to stop shelling of southern Israeli towns and villages by Palestinian militants, though several civilians have been injured, including an infant. At least 200 Palestinians have been arrested in overnight IDF raids in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-the-israeli-defense-force-launches-operation-first-rain-a-series-of-air-strikes-on-palestinian-targets-in-t.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
5. [Israel ground troops invade the West Bank and Gaza Strip in her largest offensive since the 1982 invasion of Lebanon.  Dozens of tanks occupy Ramallah.  Thirty-seven total dead so far, Israeli and Palestinian.](/news/2002/03/12/israel-ground-troops-invade-the-west-bank-and-gaza-strip-in-her-largest-offensive-since-the-1982-invasion-of-lebanon-dozens-of-tanks-occup.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
6. [An Israeli soldier is killed during a car ramming attack near Ofra, in the West Bank. Another Israeli soldier was injured. A Palestinian suspected of committing the attack is taken into custody. ](/news/2017/04/6/an-israeli-soldier-is-killed-during-a-car-ramming-attack-near-ofra-in-the-west-bank-another-israeli-soldier-was-injured-a-palestinian-sus.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
7. [Israel seals off the West Bank and Gaza Strip for two days while Yom Ha'atzmaut (Israel's remembrance day and independence day) is celebrated. ](/news/2016/05/11/israel-seals-off-the-west-bank-and-gaza-strip-for-two-days-while-yom-ha-atzmaut-israel-s-remembrance-day-and-independence-day-is-celebrate.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, West Bank_
8. [Israeli security forces arrest 16 Palestinian suspects on the West Bank. ](/news/2016/03/31/israeli-security-forces-arrest-16-palestinian-suspects-on-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
9. [Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation" with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaza-will-fulfil-its-role-in-the-je.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, West Bank_
10. [Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-police-in-jerusalem-today-with-two-of-the-attackers-shot-dead-a.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, West Bank_
