### [2006-06-29](/news/2006/06/29/index.md)

#  The United States House of Representatives votes to end a 25-year ban on off-shore drilling. 

Congress on Thursday took a major step toward allowing oil and gas drilling in coastal waters that have been off limits for a quarter-century, but a battle looms in the Senate.


### Source:

1. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/13573049/)

### Related:

1. [115th United States Congress: The United States House of Representatives pass a bill ending Dodd-Frank regulations. The bill now goes to the Senate where it is expected to not go through. ](/news/2017/06/8/115th-united-states-congress-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-pass-a-bill-ending-dodd-frank-regulations-the-bill-now-goes-to-t.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
2. [Efforts to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act: American Health Care Act of 2017: The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/efforts-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-american-health-care-act-of-2017-the-republican-controlled-united-states.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
3. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017: Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia. ](/news/2017/04/18/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
4. [American Health Care Act of 2017: The United States House of Representatives approaches a vote on a replacement plan for the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (aka Obamacare). ](/news/2017/03/23/american-health-care-act-of-2017-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-approaches-a-vote-on-a-replacement-plan-for-the-patient-protect.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
5. [U.S. Representative Matt Gaetz proposes a bill to eliminate the United States Environmental Protection Agency. ](/news/2017/02/6/u-s-representative-matt-gaetz-proposes-a-bill-to-eliminate-the-united-states-environmental-protection-agency.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
6. [An act to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act: A leaked memo from House Republicans reveals cutting provisions from Obamacare such as Medicaid expansions and subsidies for health insurance. ](/news/2017/02/25/an-act-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-a-leaked-memo-from-house-republicans-reveals-cutting-provisions-from-obamac.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
7. [Cabinet of Donald Trump: The United States Senate, in a 52 to 47 vote, confirms physician and U.S. Representative Tom Price to be Secretary of Health and Human Services. ](/news/2017/02/10/cabinet-of-donald-trump-the-united-states-senate-in-a-52-to-47-vote-confirms-physician-and-u-s-representative-tom-price-to-be-secretary.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
8. [115th United States Congress: The Republican-led U.S. House of Representatives cancels plans approved on Monday, following widespread criticism, including a tweet by President-elect Trump, that would have weakened the House's independent ethics watchdog, the Office of Congressional Ethics. ](/news/2017/01/3/115th-united-states-congress-the-republican-led-u-s-house-of-representatives-cancels-plans-approved-on-monday-following-widespread-critic.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
9. [The United States House of Representatives votes in favor of legislation that approves preliminary budgetary measures for the United States Congress to begin repealing the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, colloquially known as Obamacare. ](/news/2017/01/13/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-legislation-that-approves-preliminary-budgetary-measures-for-the-united-states.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
10. [The United States Senate and House of Representatives override the veto of President Barack Obama in regards to the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. The act narrows the scope of the legal doctrine of foreign sovereign immunity, specifically, in this instance against the sovereign nation of Saudi Arabia. The action is the first such congressional veto override to Obama. ](/news/2016/09/28/the-united-states-senate-and-house-of-representatives-override-the-veto-of-president-barack-obama-in-regards-to-the-justice-against-sponsors.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
