### [2004-12-21](/news/2004/12/21/index.md)

#  Japan issues a tourist visa to former Taiwanese leader Lee Teng-hui despite protests from the People's Republic of China that such a move would harm bilateral relations. The PRC considers Lee a Taiwan independence agitator. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/4113641.stm)

### Related:

1. [Tsai Ing-wen of the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) is elected the first female President of Taiwan. Eric Chu, the ruling Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party) candidate concedes defeat and announced his resignation as party leader. Ms. Tsai vowed to preserve the status quo in relations with China. The DPP supports independence for the island. ](/news/2016/01/16/tsai-ing-wen-of-the-democratic-progressive-party-dpp-is-elected-the-first-female-president-of-taiwan-eric-chu-the-ruling-kuomintang-chi.md) _Context: independence_
2. [Taiwanese media reports that former President Lee Teng-hui has been indicted on charges of embezzlement from a state diplomatic fund. ](/news/2011/06/30/taiwanese-media-reports-that-former-president-lee-teng-hui-has-been-indicted-on-charges-of-embezzlement-from-a-state-diplomatic-fund.md) _Context: Lee Teng-hui_
3. [ Foreign Minister of People's Republic of China Li Zhaoxing criticises President of the Republic of China Chen Shui-bian for making calls for Taiwan independence. ](/news/2007/03/6/foreign-minister-of-people-s-republic-of-china-li-zhaoxing-criticises-president-of-the-republic-of-china-chen-shui-bian-for-making-calls-fo.md) _Context: independence_
4. [ The 2007 National People's Congress opens at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, China. In his report to the nation, Premier Wen Jiabao focuses on environmental concerns, narrowing the wealth gap, controlling housing prices, and "resolute opposition" to Taiwan independence. ](/news/2007/03/5/the-2007-national-people-s-congress-opens-at-the-great-hall-of-the-people-in-beijing-china-in-his-report-to-the-nation-premier-wen-jiaba.md) _Context: independence_
5. [ Four state-owned enterprises of the Republic of China (Taiwan)--Chunghwa Post, the Chinese Petroleum Corporation, the China Shipbuilding Corporation, and the Central Bank of China--change their names to remove "China" from their titles at the request of President Chen Shui-bian. The decision is condemned by the Pan-Blue Coalition, the United States and People's Republic of China as a move towards Taiwan independence. ](/news/2007/02/12/four-state-owned-enterprises-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-achunghwa-post-the-chinese-petroleum-corporation-the-china-shipbuilding-c.md) _Context: independence_
6. [ Japanese history textbooks controversy: Sino-Japanese relations worsen after a meeting between Chinese State Councilor Tang Jiaxuan, Foreign Minister Li Zhaoxing, and Japanese Foreign Minister Nobutaka Machimura in Beijing. China continues to refuse an apology for the increasing number of anti-Japanese protests, and further accuses Japan for handling the issues of history and Taiwan "incorrectly". ](/news/2005/04/18/japanese-history-textbooks-controversy-sino-japanese-relations-worsen-after-a-meeting-between-chinese-state-councilor-tang-jiaxuan-foreig.md) _Context: Sino-Japanese relations_
7. [ Sino-Japanese relations: Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian says information provided by his government helped Japan locate a Chinese nuclear submarine in Japanese waters a week ago. The PRC expressed "regret" after the incident. ](/news/2004/11/19/sino-japanese-relations-taiwan-president-chen-shui-bian-says-information-provided-by-his-government-helped-japan-locate-a-chinese-nuclear.md) _Context: Sino-Japanese relations_
8. [ China and the United Nations: The President of the Republic of China Chen Shui-bian declares he will push to get the ROC included in the United Nations under the name "Taiwan". The People's Republic of China condemns the move as a political trick to create an independent Taiwan. ](/news/2004/11/15/china-and-the-united-nations-the-president-of-the-republic-of-china-chen-shui-bian-declares-he-will-push-to-get-the-roc-included-in-the-un.md) _Context: independence_
9. [ The People's Republic of China rejects an offer by Taiwanese President Chen Shui-bian to begin a peace dialogue, deriding the offer as "meaningless", and accusing Chen of making "an open and audacious expression of Taiwan independence" by explicitly stating that the "Republic of China is Taiwan and Taiwan is the Republic of China". ](/news/2004/10/13/the-people-s-republic-of-china-rejects-an-offer-by-taiwanese-president-chen-shui-bian-to-begin-a-peace-dialogue-deriding-the-offer-as-mea.md) _Context: independence_
10. [ The Taiwan Affairs Office of the State Council of the People's Republic of China criticizes Chen Shui-bian's recent suggestion that "Taiwan" is the best abbreviation for the Republic of China, characterizing it as an attempt to promote Taiwan independence. ](/news/2004/09/3/the-taiwan-affairs-office-of-the-state-council-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-criticizes-chen-shui-bian-s-recent-suggestion-that-taiwan.md) _Context: independence_
