### [2005-02-4](/news/2005/02/4/index.md)

#  Same-sex marriage in the United States: The New York State Supreme Court rules that the state's ban on same-sex marriage violates the state constitution. The decision is stayed for 30 days. 




### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/world/story/2005/02/04/new-york-gay-marriage050204.html)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2005/LAW/02/04/ny.gaymarriage.ap/index.html)
2. [Cover Image](https://i.cbc.ca/1.470050.1431707740!/fileImage/httpImage/image.jpg_gen/derivatives/16x9_1180/default-headline-image-news.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ Senator John Kerry concedes to President George W. Bush "The outcome should be decided by voters, not a protracted legal process", Kerry said. "I would not give up if there was a chance we could prevail." [http:--reuters.com-newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6703896 (Reuters)] [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-world-americas-3980533.stm (BBC)] Republican President George W. Bush wins the popular vote, receiving 3.58 million more votes than Democratic Senator John Kerry. (51.6% to 48.4%, 59.0 million to 55.4 million) Claiming victory in the swing state of Ohio, Bush will probably have more than the 270 votes needed when the U.S. Electoral College meets on December 13. [http:--www.cnn.com-ELECTION-2004- (CNN)] The Republican Party widens its majority in the Senate and House of Representatives. Democratic Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle concedes defeat to Republican challenger John Thune, thus becoming the first Senate leader in 52 years to lose a re-election bid and leaving the leadership of the Democratic Party in the Senate open. [http:--www.cnn.com-2004-ALLPOLITICS-11-02-senate.main-index.html (CNN)] The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) reports that on November 2, touch-screen electronic voting machines in at least six U.S. states had incorrectly recorded their choices, including for the presidential election. Incorrectly recorded votes make up roughly 20 percent of the e-voting problems. [http:--www.eff.org-news-archives-2004_11.php#002062 (EFF)] Same-sex marriage in the United States: Gay rights activists suffer a severe setback when state constitutional amendments prohibiting same-sex marriage are passed in eleven states: Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Michigan, Mississippi, Montana, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, Oregon, and Utah. The measures in Oregon, Mississippi, and Montana ban same-sex marriage only, while Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, North Dakota, Oklahoma, Ohio, and Utah ban both same-sex marriage and civil unions and Michigan bans granting any benefits whatsoever to same-sex couples. ](/news/2004/11/3/senator-john-kerry-concedes-to-president-george-w-bush-the-outcome-should-be-decided-by-voters-not-a-protracted-legal-process-kerry-sa.md) _Context: same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage_
2. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: The Wisconsin State Assembly approves state constitution amendment (voted 68-27) to ban same-sex marriages or civil unions, to counter efforts elsewhere to legalize such partnerships. The Kansas House passes, by 88 votes to 36, a proposed amendment. ](/news/2004/03/5/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-the-wisconsin-state-assembly-approves-state-constitution-amendment-voted-68-27-to-ban-same-sex-ma.md) _Context: same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage_
3. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: Commissioners of Multnomah County, Oregon, dismiss state attorney general Hardy Myers' non-binding opinion that same-sex marriages are illegal and vow to continue issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples. ](/news/2004/03/15/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-commissioners-of-multnomah-county-oregon-dismiss-state-attorney-general-hardy-myers-non-binding.md) _Context: same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage_
4. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: Oregon's attorney general issues his opinion on same-sex marriage within Oregon. He concludes that current state law prohibits issuing marriage licenses to same-sex couples, but that the Oregon Supreme Court is likely to conclude those statutes violate the state's constitution. The Wisconsin State Senate approves state constitution amendment to ban same-sex marriages or civil unions, to counter efforts elsewhere to legalize such partnerships. ](/news/2004/03/12/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-oregon-s-attorney-general-issues-his-opinion-on-same-sex-marriage-within-oregon-he-concludes-that.md) _Context: same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage_
5. [ Same-sex marriage in the United States: The California Supreme Court refuses a petition by California Attorney General Bill Lockyer asking for an immediate ruling on the constitutionality of same-sex marriage laws and a cease and desist order against San Francisco's granting of marriage licenses to same-sex couples. ](/news/2004/02/27/same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-the-california-supreme-court-refuses-a-petition-by-california-attorney-general-bill-lockyer-asking.md) _Context: same-sex marriage, same-sex marriage_
