### [2004-08-28](/news/2004/08/28/index.md)

#  A precious icon is returned to the Kremlin's Cathedral of the Assumption by a Roman Catholic Cardinal as a goodwill gesture from the Pope to the Russian Orthodox Church. The image is an 18th-century copy of the "Our Lady of Kazan", one of Russia's most sacred images. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/3605996.stm)

### Related:

1. [Pope Francis meets with Patriarch Kirill of Moscow in Havana, Cuba. It is the first time that the heads of the Roman Catholic Church and Russian Orthodox Church have ever met. ](/news/2016/02/12/pope-francis-meets-with-patriarch-kirill-of-moscow-in-havana-cuba-it-is-the-first-time-that-the-heads-of-the-roman-catholic-church-and-rus.md) _Context: Roman Catholic Church, Russian_
2. [Roman Catholic Cardinals meet in Rome in a conclave to appoint a successor to Pope Benedict XVI. ](/news/2013/03/12/roman-catholic-cardinals-meet-in-rome-in-a-conclave-to-appoint-a-successor-to-pope-benedict-xvi.md) _Context: Cardinal, Roman Catholic Church_
3. [ Tatarstan: On the feast day of the holy icon "Theotokos of Kazan", in the presence of the crowd of 10,000 pilgrims, Patriarch Alexius II and the President of Tatarstan place at the newly-restored Annunciation Cathedral of the Kazan Kremlin the holiest copy of the long-lost icon, which was presented to Russia by Pope John Paul II shortly before his death. ](/news/2005/07/21/tatarstan-on-the-feast-day-of-the-holy-icon-theotokos-of-kazan-in-the-presence-of-the-crowd-of-10-000-pilgrims-patriarch-alexius-ii-an.md) _Context: Pope John Paul II, Theotokos of Kazan_
4. [Pope John Paul II meets with American cardinals at the Vatican through April 24 regarding sexual abuse of children by priests and religious workers.](/news/2002/04/23/pope-john-paul-ii-meets-with-american-cardinals-at-the-vatican-through-april-24-regarding-sexual-abuse-of-children-by-priests-and-religious.md) _Context: Cardinal, Pope John Paul II_
5. [Victoria Police charge Cardinal George Pell, the Prefect of the Secretariat for the Economy, and the third most senior official of the Catholic Church, with historic child sex offences. Pell will be required to attend hearings at the Melbourne Magistrates Court in Australia on July 19. ](/news/2017/06/29/victoria-police-charge-cardinal-george-pell-the-prefect-of-the-secretariat-for-the-economy-and-the-third-most-senior-official-of-the-catho.md) _Context: Cardinal_
6. [A gathering of Eastern Orthodox Churches, the first of its kind in a millennium, opens on the Greek island of Crete. However, the Russian, Bulgarian, Georgian and the Greek Orthodox Church of Antioch refused to attend after a dispute. The gathering will last until June 27. ](/news/2016/06/19/a-gathering-of-eastern-orthodox-churches-the-first-of-its-kind-in-a-millennium-opens-on-the-greek-island-of-crete-however-the-russian-b.md) _Context: Russian_
7. [Cardinal George Pell, the third most senior person in the Roman Catholic Church, gives evidence to the Royal Commission in Rome dealing with his time as a priest in the Australian cities of Ballarat and Melbourne. ](/news/2016/02/28/cardinal-george-pell-the-third-most-senior-person-in-the-roman-catholic-church-gives-evidence-to-the-royal-commission-in-rome-dealing-with.md) _Context: Cardinal_
8. [Pope Francis, in his annual pre-Christmas speech, urged the Roman Curia (cardinals and bishops who direct Holy See actions), to follow his "catalogue of virtues," e.g., to show more maturity, honesty, humility, and sobriety in their tasks. He listed "Curial antibiotics" to treat the "15 ailments of the Curia" he outlined last year and which still plague the Vatican. ](/news/2015/12/21/pope-francis-in-his-annual-pre-christmas-speech-urged-the-roman-curia-cardinals-and-bishops-who-direct-holy-see-actions-to-follow-his.md) _Context: Cardinal_
9. [Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu says the body of the pilot from the Sukhoi Su-24 jet downed this past Tuesday will be handed over to Russia. The body is being treated in accordance with the Orthodox tradition. Russia's military attache is going to Hatay in southern Turkey as part of the procedures to recover the remains. Turkish officials refused to comment on how they came to be in possession of the body. ](/news/2015/11/29/turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-says-the-body-of-the-pilot-from-the-sukhoi-su-24-jet-downed-this-past-tuesday-will-be-handed-over-to.md) _Context: Russian_
10. [The President of Cuba, Raul Castro, is received in an official private audience with Pope Francis, who will become the third Pope to visit the still officially Communist island before visiting the U.S. this October. Some restrictions on exercise of religion, and a few restrictions on other rights, have been lifted or relaxed, especially after Pope John Paul II's historic 1998 meeting with Fidel Castro, Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI's trip during his reign, and especially in 2014 and earlier this year, after Raul and Francis and U.S. President Barack Obama's diplomatic team dramatically improved U.S.-Cuba relations. President Castro went there to thank Francis, whom he publicly has stated his admiration for, for his efforts, and spoke of the possibility of converting and of officially restoring the Church. ](/news/2015/05/10/the-president-of-cuba-raul-castro-is-received-in-an-official-private-audience-with-pope-francis-who-will-become-the-third-pope-to-visit-t.md) _Context: Pope John Paul II_
