### [2004-08-28](/news/2004/08/28/index.md)

#  In a video circulating on the Internet, former Texas lieutenant governor Ben F. Barnes apologizes for his role in getting current United States President George W. Bush into the Texas Air National Guard in 1968. 




### Source:

1. [Chicago Sun-Times](http://www.suntimes.com/output/elect/cst-nws-bside29.html)

### Related:

1. [The George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas, Texas, is dedicated in the presence of President of the United States Barack Obama, former president George W. Bush and all living former presidents. The complex will be opened to the public on May 1. ](/news/2013/04/25/the-george-w-bush-presidential-center-in-dallas-texas-is-dedicated-in-the-presence-of-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-former.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Texas_
2. [A Saudi Arabian student is arrested in Texas for allegedly planning a terrorist attack against the Dallas home of former President of the United States George W. Bush as a target as well as New York City and dams in California and Colorado. ](/news/2011/02/24/a-saudi-arabian-student-is-arrested-in-texas-for-allegedly-planning-a-terrorist-attack-against-the-dallas-home-of-former-president-of-the-un.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Texas_
3. [ United States President George W. Bush will nominate Zalmay Khalilzad, the U.S. ambassador to Iraq, to replace Alejandro Daniel Wolff as the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations. If Khalilzad is confirmed by the Senate, he will be the first Muslim to serve in the position, and he will continue to be the highest serving Muslim American official in the U.S. government. ](/news/2007/01/5/united-states-president-george-w-bush-will-nominate-zalmay-khalilzad-the-u-s-ambassador-to-iraq-to-replace-alejandro-daniel-wolff-as-th.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States President_
4. [ United States President George W. Bush gives a speech proposing major immigration reform in the United States. ](/news/2006/05/15/united-states-president-george-w-bush-gives-a-speech-proposing-major-immigration-reform-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States President_
5. [ Donald E. Powell, former chief executive of the First National Bank of Amarillo, Texas and current Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation chairman is named to coordinate rebuilding of the Gulf Coast by President George W. Bush. ](/news/2005/11/2/donald-e-powell-former-chief-executive-of-the-first-national-bank-of-amarillo-texas-and-current-federal-deposit-insurance-corporation-ch.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Texas_
6. [ U.S. President George W. Bush praises the Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon for his ""courageous initiative"" to pull all Israeli settlements out of the Gaza Strip, however Bush also told Sharon not to expand other existing settlements. The two leaders met in Texas, USA. ](/news/2005/04/11/u-s-president-george-w-bush-praises-the-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-for-his-courageous-initiative-to-pull-all-israeli-settlem.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Texas_
7. [ The National Board of the Log Cabin Republicans votes 22-2 against endorsing George W. Bush, citing his support for a constitutional amendment to define marriage in the U.S. The LCR is the largest group of gay men and lesbians in the Republican Party. This is the first time in the group's ten-year history that it has not endorsed the Republican candidate for president. [http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/5941189/ (MSNBC)] US Democrats and Republicans wrangle over Vice President Dick Cheney's remarks about Democratic candidate John Kerry and terrorism. Cheney originally said, "It's absolutely essential that eight weeks from today, on Nov. 2, we make the right choice, because if we make the wrong choice then the danger is that we'll get hit again and we'll be hit in a way that will be devastating from the standpoint of the United States." The Kerry campaign interpreted this remark as a claim that, if John Kerry was elected, America would be hit by a devastating terrorist attack. The next day, Cheney told the "Cincinnati Enquirer," "I did not say if Kerry is elected, we will be hit by a terrorist attack." Democrats contend that Cheney's original statement reveals that Republicans "have consciously adopted a strategy of using Americans' justifiable fear of a future terrorist attack as a political tool." Democratic VP candidate John Edwards says that Cheney's remark shows that he and Bush "will do anything and say anything to save their jobs". [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/3636852.stm (BBC)] ([http://www.misleader.org/daily_mislead/Read.asp?fn=df09102004.html The Daily Misleader]) CBS News announces the discovery of newly uncovered records of United States President George W. Bush's service in the Air National Guard. These documents are known as the "Killian memos". The Democratic campaign concludes (1) that the records show then Lieutenant Bush disobeyed orders, and (2) that the Bush campaign lied about having made all such records public. [http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/B/BUSH_NATIONAL_GUARD?SITE=TNNAT&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT (Nashville Tennessean/AP)] Within hours, several bloggers question the authenticity of the memos, which prove to be modern forgeries produced with Microsoft Word rather than historic documents made on a typewriter; nevertheless, the documents heightened awareness of facts related tangentially to the memo, including that President Bush avoided duty in Vietnam at a time in which avoidance of such service was both highly in demand and difficult to obtain.](/news/2004/09/8/the-national-board-of-the-log-cabin-republicans-votes-22a2-against-endorsing-george-w-bush-citing-his-support-for-a-constitutional-amen.md) _Context: Air National Guard, George W. Bush_
8. [ U.S. President George W. Bush's hometown newspaper, the Crawford, Texas, "Lone Star Iconoclast", endorses Democratic presidential candidate John Kerry. The editorial column asked Texan voters "not to rate the candidate by his hometown.&nbsp;.&nbsp;. but instead by where he intends to take the country." In the last election, the paper endorsed Bush. ](/news/2004/09/28/u-s-president-george-w-bush-s-hometown-newspaper-the-crawford-texas-lone-star-iconoclast-endorses-democratic-presidential-candidate.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Texas_
9. [ Texas Governor George W. Bush announces his intention to seek the Republican Party's nomination for President of the United States.](/news/1999/06/12/texas-governor-george-w-bush-announces-his-intention-to-seek-the-republican-party-s-nomination-for-president-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Texas_
10. [Qatar announces it will donate USD$ 30 million to help people in Texas recover from Harvey. ](/news/2017/09/7/qatar-announces-it-will-donate-usd-30-million-to-help-people-in-texas-recover-from-harvey.md) _Context: Texas_
