### [2017-07-6](/news/2017/07/6/index.md)

# The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had 




### Source:

1. [ruled] in favor of the constitutionality of [[Proclamation No. 216]] which declared Martial Law and [[habeas corpus|suspended the privilege of the writ of habeas corpus]] in the whole of [[Mindanao]], in response to the [[Marawi crisis]]. [http://www.rappler.com/nation/174819-sc-ruling-martial-law-duterte-nationwide (''Rappler](http://sc.judiciary.gov.ph/pdf/web/viewer.html?file=/jurisprudence/2017/july2017/231658.pdf)

### Related:

1. [Rodrigo Duterte says he might declare martial law in the Philippines if his spat with the Supreme Court escalates. ](/news/2016/08/9/rodrigo-duterte-says-he-might-declare-martial-law-in-the-philippines-if-his-spat-with-the-supreme-court-escalates.md) _Context: Martial law in the Philippines, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, Supreme Court_
2. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte plans to appeal to the Congress of the Philippines to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao, which will end on 22 July 10 PM PST) until the end of 2017, due to constitutional constraints as well as the ongoing Marawi crisis. ](/news/2017/07/17/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-plans-to-appeal-to-the-congress-of-the-philippines-to-extend-proclamation-no-216-martial-law.md) _Context: Martial law in the Philippines, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
3. [The government of the Philippines and the Communist Party cancel peace talks after president Rodrigo Duterte declares martial law in Mindanao. ](/news/2017/05/28/the-government-of-the-philippines-and-the-communist-party-cancel-peace-talks-after-president-rodrigo-duterte-declares-martial-law-in-mindana.md) _Context: Martial law in the Philippines, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
4. [President Rodrigo Duterte declares martial law in the island of Mindanao after Maute militants clash with army troops in Marawi, Lanao del Sur. ](/news/2017/05/23/president-rodrigo-duterte-declares-martial-law-in-the-island-of-mindanao-after-maute-militants-clash-with-army-troops-in-marawi-lanao-del-s.md) _Context: Martial law in the Philippines, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
5. [Crime in the Philippines; Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte urges Filipino citizens to murder people suspected of using illegal drugs. ](/news/2016/07/1/crime-in-the-philippines-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-urges-filipino-citizens-to-murder-people-suspected-of-using-illegal-drugs.md) _Context: Philippines, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
6. [Rodrigo Duterte is inaugurated as President of the Philippines and Leni Robredo as Vice President. ](/news/2016/06/30/rodrigo-duterte-is-inaugurated-as-president-of-the-philippines-and-leni-robredo-as-vice-president.md) _Context: Philippines, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
7. [  The Congress of the Philippines proclaims Rodrigo Duterte and Leni Robredo as President-elect and Vice President-elect of the Philippines, respectively. ](/news/2016/05/30/the-congress-of-the-philippines-proclaims-rodrigo-duterte-and-leni-robredo-as-president-elect-and-vice-president-elect-of-the-philippines.md) _Context: Philippines, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
8. [Rodrigo Duterte, the Philippines presumptive president-elect, says  he will allow the immediate burial of former kleptocratic dictator Ferdinand Marcos at the Heroes' Cemetery in metropolitan Manila. ](/news/2016/05/23/rodrigo-duterte-the-philippines-presumptive-president-elect-says-he-will-allow-the-immediate-burial-of-former-kleptocratic-dictator-ferdi.md) _Context: Philippines, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
9. [President-elect of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, vows to reintroduce capital punishment and give security forces permission to shoot to kill for organized crime figures and people resisting arrest. Duterte is due to take office on June 30, 2016. ](/news/2016/05/15/president-elect-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-vows-to-reintroduce-capital-punishment-and-give-security-forces-permission-to-shoot-to.md) _Context: Philippines, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
10. [Philippines President Benigno Aquino III distances himself from a botched raid against a terrorist, Zulkifli Abdhir, that killed around 50 people, including police officers and Abdhir, while pledging support for a peace process with the Moro people. Supreme Court Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno urges the public to continue to support the peace treaty. ](/news/2015/01/29/philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii-distances-himself-from-a-botched-raid-against-a-terrorist-zulkifli-abdhir-that-killed-around-50-p.md) _Context: Philippines, President of the Philippines, Supreme Court_
