### [2015-11-16](/news/2015/11/16/index.md)

# Sinai insurgency: Egypt's security forces shoot dead at least 24 ISIS militants as they hid inside a cave in a mountainous area in central Sinai, not far from the crash site of Metrojet Flight 9268, a Russian airliner the group says it brought down. 

Egyptian security forces shot dead 24 Islamic State militants in central Sinai, 70 km (40 miles) from the crash site of a Russian airliner the group says it brought down, security sources said on Monday.


### Source:

1. [Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/africa/russian-plane-crash-egypt-kills-24-isis-militants-70km-from-crash-site-a6736626.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/11/16/us-egypt-crash-islamic-state-idUSKCN0T51QC20151116)

### Related:

1. [Sinai insurgency: At least seven people are killed, including five Egyptian Army soldiers, a military officer and a civilian woman in two separate blasts in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula. ISIL's Sinai branch claimed responsibility for the attacks on several websites. ](/news/2016/04/8/sinai-insurgency-at-least-seven-people-are-killed-including-five-egyptian-army-soldiers-a-military-officer-and-a-civilian-woman-in-two-se.md) _Context: Egypt, ISIL's Sinai branch, Sinai, Sinai insurgency_
2. [Metrojet Flight 9268: Two months after Egypt's Civil Aviation Ministry ruled out terrorism in Flight 9268's crash, President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi admits an ISIS bomb downed the Russian passenger jet. The terrorist group's Sinai Peninsula Branch claimed responsibility shortly after the incident. ](/news/2016/02/24/metrojet-flight-9268-two-months-after-egypt-s-civil-aviation-ministry-ruled-out-terrorism-in-flight-9268-s-crash-president-abdel-fattah-el.md) _Context: Egypt, Flight 9268, ISIL's Sinai branch, Russia_
3. [Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War: The Russian military launches cruise missile strikes from the Mediterranean on ISIS positions in Al-Raqqah, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's de facto capital in Syria, Aleppo, and Idlib. A U.S. official confirms that Russia has conducted a significant number of strikes in Syria using both sea-launched cruise missiles and long-range bombers. Russian President Vladimir Putin has pledged to escalate his military campaign in Syria after it was confirmed that a bomb brought down Metrojet Flight 9268 over Egypt's Sinai Peninsula. ](/news/2015/11/17/russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-the-russian-military-launches-cruise-missile-strikes-from-the-mediterranean-on-isis-p.md) _Context: Egypt, Flight 9268, Russia, Sinai_
4. [Metrojet Flight 9268: As a temporary security measure, effective Saturday, Russia bans incoming flights by Egypt's state-owned airline, EgyptAir, two weeks after an apparent terrorist bomb downed a Russian jet in the Sinai. ](/news/2015/11/13/metrojet-flight-9268-as-a-temporary-security-measure-effective-saturday-russia-bans-incoming-flights-by-egypt-s-state-owned-airline-egyp.md) _Context: Egypt, Flight 9268, Russia, Sinai_
5. [Sinai insurgency: A suspected ISIL attack on a security checkpoint in North Sinai Governorate, Egypt, leaves at least 12 Egyptian military personnel and 15 terrorists dead. ](/news/2016/10/14/sinai-insurgency-a-suspected-isil-attack-on-a-security-checkpoint-in-north-sinai-governorate-egypt-leaves-at-least-12-egyptian-military-p.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian military, Sinai insurgency_
6. [Sinai insurgency: Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel, security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/sinai-insurgency-four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in.md) _Context: Egypt, Sinai, Sinai insurgency_
7. [Metrojet Flight 9268: Egypt's Civil Aviation Ministry reports their investigation of the 31 October 2015 deadly crash of Russian Metrojet Flight 9268 in the Sinai has not found any evidence of terrorism. Prior to this, the working assumption has been that plane was brought down by a bomb, and a group affiliated with ISIL said it was responsible. ](/news/2015/12/14/metrojet-flight-9268-egypt-s-civil-aviation-ministry-reports-their-investigation-of-the-31-october-2015-deadly-crash-of-russian-metrojet-fl.md) _Context: Flight 9268, Russia, Sinai_
8. [Sinai insurgency: November 2015 Sinai attack: A day after the second round of parliamentary elections closes, militants attack a hotel housing election judges in the provincial capital of al-Arish in Egypt's North Sinai. At least seven people are killed and 12 others injured, including two judges. The Islamic State's Wilayat Sinai branch claims responsibility. ](/news/2015/11/24/sinai-insurgency-november-2015-sinai-attack-a-day-after-the-second-round-of-parliamentary-elections-closes-militants-attack-a-hotel-housi.md) _Context: Egypt, ISIL's Sinai branch, Sinai insurgency_
9. [Sinai insurgency: Egypt's Interior Ministry announces the death of a senior figure in the Islamic State-s -Sinai province.- Ashraf Ali Hassanein al Gharabli, killed in a Cairo shootout with police, was also linked to other extremist groups and terrorist activities. ](/news/2015/11/10/sinai-insurgency-egypt-s-interior-ministry-announces-the-death-of-a-senior-figure-in-the-islamic-state-s-sinai-province-ashraf-ali.md) _Context: Egypt, ISIL's Sinai branch, Sinai insurgency_
10. [Kogalymavia Flight 9268: A Russian Kogalymavia Airbus A-321 airliner crashes in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula with 224 passengers on board travelling from Sharm el-Sheikh to St Petersburg. ](/news/2015/10/31/kogalymavia-flight-9268-a-russian-kogalymavia-airbus-a-321-airliner-crashes-in-egypt-s-sinai-peninsula-with-224-passengers-on-board-travell.md) _Context: Egypt, Russia, Sinai_
