### [2015-11-16](/news/2015/11/16/index.md)

# Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. China-United States relations. The USS Stethem visits Shanghai, signaling that relations between the two countries continue despite tensions over the recent USS Lassen cruise near artificial islands constructed by China. The navies of the two nations plan combined maritime exercise as well. 

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [Associated Press via ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/us-navy-ship-visits-china-wake-recent-tensions-35225756)

### Related:

1. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. China-United States relations. U.S. officials say the U.S. Navy deliberately avoided military drills or other actions that could have further inflamed tensions with Beijing during the USS Lassen's patrol in the South China Sea last week. For instance, the Lassen turned off its fire-control radars while transiting within 12 nautical miles of Subi Reef. On its part, the Chinese destroyer following the Lassen was, "very cordial the entire time - before and after the Spratly Islands transit," said the Lassen's commanding officer, Commander Robert Francis. ](/news/2015/11/6/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-united-states-relations-u-s-officials-say-the-u-s-navy-deliberately-avoided-military.md) _Context: China, China-United States relations, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
2. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea, China-United States relations. Malaysia-United States relations. U.S. Secretary of Defense Ashton Carter and his counterpart from Malaysia, Hishammuddin Hussein, will visit the USS Theodore Roosevelt (CVN-71) as it cruises in the South China Sea, this in the wake of China-s dismay over a U.S. Navy ship-s sailing in the vicinity of artificial islands constructed by China in the Spratly Islands. ](/news/2015/11/4/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-united-states-relations-malaysia-united-states-relations-u-s-secretary-of-defense.md) _Context: China, China-United States relations, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
3. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. China-United States relations. As a result of talks between U.S. Chief of Naval Operations Admiral John Richardson and Chinese Commander of the People's Liberation Army Navy Admiral Wu Shengli about a U.S. warship's transit with 12 nautical miles of China's man-made islands in the South China Sea, the United States and China agree to maintain dialogue and follow Code for Unplanned Encounters at Sea protocols, according to a U.S. official. ](/news/2015/10/29/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-united-states-relations-as-a-result-of-talks-between-u-s-chief-of-naval-operations-ad.md) _Context: China, China-United States relations, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
4. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. China-United States relations. A United States Navy ship, the USS "Lassen", sails near the Spratly Islands, challenging Beijing's claim that the islands are Chinese territory. China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs strongly condemned the actions of the United States in the South China Sea, saying -China will firmly react to this deliberate provocation". ](/news/2015/10/27/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-united-states-relations-a-united-states-navy-ship-the-uss-lassen-sails-near-the-sp.md) _Context: China, China-United States relations, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
5. [Type 055 destroyer. China's state-run "Global Times" newspaper reports the launching of the first Type 055 destroyer, a 10,000-ton "new generation" warship, at the Jiangnan Shipyard in Shanghai. ](/news/2017/06/28/type-055-destroyer-china-s-state-run-global-times-newspaper-reports-the-launching-of-the-first-type-055-destroyer-a-10-000-ton-new-gene.md) _Context: China, Shanghai_
6. [The Philippines clarifies a controversial remark about a potential "war" with China amid criticism from Filipinos. ](/news/2017/05/22/the-philippines-clarifies-a-controversial-remark-about-a-potential-war-with-china-amid-criticism-from-filipinos.md) _Context: China, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
7. [China-United States relations. Spratly Islands dispute. China's People's Liberation Army Navy seizes an underwater drone deployed by USNS "Bowditch" in the South China Sea; the United States files a formal diplomatic protest and a demand for its return. ](/news/2016/12/16/china-united-states-relations-spratly-islands-dispute-china-s-people-s-liberation-army-navy-seizes-an-underwater-drone-deployed-by-usns.md) _Context: China, China-United States relations_
8. ["Philippines v. China". Chinese vessels are seen positioned near the disputed Scarborough Shoal off the coast of the Philippines. ](/news/2016/09/5/philippines-v-china-chinese-vessels-are-seen-positioned-near-the-disputed-scarborough-shoal-off-the-coast-of-the-philippines.md) _Context: China, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
9. [Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. China's People's Liberation Army Air Force says it has conducted "combat patrols" near the disputed Spratly Islands and Scarborough Shoal in the South China Sea as part of an effort to normalize such drills and respond to security threats. Xian H-6 strategic bombers and Su-30 fighter jets took part in the patrols, according to Xinhua News Agency. ](/news/2016/08/6/territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-china-s-people-s-liberation-army-air-force-says-it-has-conducted-combat-patrols-near-the-disp.md) _Context: China, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
10. ["Philippines v. China". Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte says he would not press on for China to abide by the South China Sea ruling but he might do so in the future. ](/news/2016/08/30/philippines-v-china-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-says-he-would-not-press-on-for-china-to-abide-by-the-south-china-sea-ruling-bu.md) _Context: China, Territorial disputes in the South China Sea_
