### [2015-11-16](/news/2015/11/16/index.md)

# The United States National Transportation Safety Board announces it has completed its search of the sunken ''El Faro'', but did not find the voyage data recorder, i.e., the black box. 




### Source:

1. [Time](http://time.com/4115471/investigators-end-search-of-el-faro-without-finding-black-box/?utm_source=feedburner&utm_medium=feed&utm_campaign=Feed%3A+timeblogs%2Fmiddle_east+%28TIME%3A+The+Middle+East+Blog%29)

### Related:

1. [{{SS|El Faro}}The American National Transportation Safety Board confirms that wreckage found on Saturday east of the Bahamas is the cargo ship SS ''El Faro'' that sank during Hurricane Joaquin on October 1. ](/news/2015/11/2/ss-el-faro-pthe-american-national-transportation-safety-board-confirms-that-wreckage-found-on-saturday-east-of-the-bahamas-is-the-cargo-s.md) _Context: Hurricane Joaquin, National Transportation Safety Board_
2. [U.S. Coast Guard searchers, looking for the 790-foot El Faro cargo ship missing since Thursday, locate multiple objects, including life jackets, life rings, containers, and an oil sheen in the waters off The Bahamas. Connection to El Faro is not immediately confirmed. ](/news/2015/10/4/u-s-coast-guard-searchers-looking-for-the-790-foot-el-faro-cargo-ship-missing-since-thursday-locate-multiple-objects-including-life-jack.md) _Context: 2015 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Joaquin_
3. [The U.S. Coast Guard is searching for a 735-foot (224-meter) cargo ship named 'El Faro,' with 33 people on board, that went missing near Crooked Island in the Bahamas during Hurricane Joaquin. Five Poles and 28 Americans make up the crew. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/northamerica/usa/11909023/Hurricane-Joaquin-cargo-ship-with-33-crew-on-board-missing-near-the-eye-of-the-storm.html (The Telegraph)] [http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/03/us-storm-joaquin-idUSKCN0RV3NW20151003 (Reuters)]Hurricane Joaquin attacked The Bahamas as a Category 4 hurricane and destroyed houses, cut communications and electric power, uprooted trees, and unleashed heavy flooding. So far, there are no reports of fatalities or injuries. The storm, which weakened to Category 3 status with 125 mph sustained winds, is expected to dump up to 25 inches (63.5 centimeters) of rain in some location before it moves away from the islands. [http://www.sacbee.com/news/nation-world/article37293927.html (AP via Sacramento Bee)] [http://news.yahoo.com/hurricane-joaquin-upgraded-category-four-us-forecasters-181105118.html (AFP via Yahoo News)]Joaquin is slowly moving on a east/northeast trek lowering the possibility of  a direct hit to the U.S. East Coast. However, unrelated storms have already drenched the eastern seaboard this week. Streets were underwater up and down the coast at this afternoon's high tide. Adding Joaquin's wind and rain could create deadly, unprecedented downpours, flooding, wind damage, and power outages. [http://www.wnd.com/2015/10/joaquin-shifting-eastward-but-stay-on-guard/ (WorldNetDaily)] [http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/03/us-storm-joaquin-idUSKCN0RV3NW20151003 (Reuters)] [http://www.pressherald.com/2015/10/02/east-coast-braces-for-more-heavy-rain-potential-for-hurricane/ (AP via Portland Press-Herald)].](/news/2015/10/2/the-u-s-coast-guard-is-searching-for-a-735-foot-224-meter-cargo-ship-named-el-faro-with-33-people-on-board-that-went-missing-near-cro.md) _Context: Hurricane Joaquin, U.S._
4. [The United States National Transportation Safety Board (NSTB) has asked the U.S. Navy to resume the search ended by the U.S. Coast Guard for the merchant vessel SS ''El Faro'' believed lost on October 7 during Hurricane Joaquin.  The loss of the ship -- with its crew of 33 hands -- is regarded as "the worst U.S. merchant marine disaster of recent memory." ](/news/2015/10/15/the-united-states-national-transportation-safety-board-nstb-has-asked-the-u-s-navy-to-resume-the-search-ended-by-the-u-s-coast-guard-for.md) _Context: El Faro, National Transportation Safety Board_
5. [Hurricane Joaquin becomes a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph. Some additional strengthening is possible tomorrow. The storm, moving at just 6 mph, is predicted to drop 10 to 15 inches of rain in the central Bahamas with up to five inches expected for the rest of the archipelago. ](/news/2015/10/1/hurricane-joaquin-becomes-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-some-additional-strengthening-is-possible-tomorrow.md) _Context: 2015 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Joaquin_
6. [Hurricane Joaquin passes over ocean with temperatures near 86degF (30degC) - the warmest since record keeping began in 1880. ](/news/2015/09/30/hurricane-joaquin-passes-over-ocean-with-temperatures-near-86adegf-30adegc-the-warmest-since-record-keeping-began-in-1880.md) _Context: 2015 Atlantic hurricane season, Hurricane Joaquin_
7. [ The United States National Transportation Safety Board identifies two incidents similar to the circumstances thought to have occurred on Air France Flight 447. ](/news/2009/06/27/the-united-states-national-transportation-safety-board-identifies-two-incidents-similar-to-the-circumstances-thought-to-have-occurred-on-ai.md) _Context: National Transportation Safety Board, U.S._
8. [ The United States National Transportation Safety Board concludes that Canada geese caused US Airways Flight 1549 to ditch into New York City's Hudson River. ](/news/2009/02/12/the-united-states-national-transportation-safety-board-concludes-that-canada-geese-caused-us-airways-flight-1549-to-ditch-into-new-york-cit.md) _Context: National Transportation Safety Board, U.S._
9. [ The U.S. National Transportation Safety Board prepares its final report on the 2007 collision between two news helicopters in Phoenix, Arizona. ](/news/2009/01/28/the-u-s-national-transportation-safety-board-prepares-its-final-report-on-the-2007-collision-between-two-news-helicopters-in-phoenix-ariz.md) _Context: National Transportation Safety Board, U.S._
10. [ The U.S. National Transportation Safety Board states that a stiff wind blew the plane carrying New York Yankees pitcher Cory Lidle off-course and into an apartment building in New York City. ](/news/2006/11/3/the-u-s-national-transportation-safety-board-states-that-a-stiff-wind-blew-the-plane-carrying-new-york-yankees-pitcher-cory-lidle-off-cour.md) _Context: National Transportation Safety Board, U.S._
