### [2015-11-16](/news/2015/11/16/index.md)

# The death toll from a landslide in a village in China's Zhejiang province rises to 25 with 12 people still missing. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/b22c74da3c144afc810f8fe572f1e8c4/14-bodies-found-after-landslide-china-hits-village)

### Related:

1. [Police in China detain 75 people in connection with a service that determined the female gender of unborn babies for the purpose of abortion. Authorities say that at least 300 people were involved in the illegal service in the eastern Chinese province of Zhejiang. Expectant parents wanting male children smuggled fetal blood samples to Hong Kong for gender testing. China ended its one-child policy last year. ](/news/2016/10/15/police-in-china-detain-75-people-in-connection-with-a-service-that-determined-the-female-gender-of-unborn-babies-for-the-purpose-of-abortion.md) _Context: China, Zhejiang_
2. [The death toll from a landslide on Friday in China's Zhejiang province rises to 16 with 21 still missing. ](/news/2015/11/15/the-death-toll-from-a-landslide-on-friday-in-china-s-zhejiang-province-rises-to-16-with-21-still-missing.md) _Context: China, Zhejiang_
3. [At least four people are dead and 33 injured in a landslide in China's Zhejiang province. ](/news/2015/11/13/at-least-four-people-are-dead-and-33-injured-in-a-landslide-in-china-s-zhejiang-province.md) _Context: China, Zhejiang_
4. [Eastern China braces for the impact of Typhoon Chan-hom with the province of Zhejiang evacuating 865,000 people in coastal areas. ](/news/2015/07/11/eastern-china-braces-for-the-impact-of-typhoon-chan-hom-with-the-province-of-zhejiang-evacuating-865-000-people-in-coastal-areas.md) _Context: China, Zhejiang_
5. [ Over 800,000 people in the Zhejiang province of China  are evacuating as the province is hit by Typhoon Khanun which has a packing center winds of 144 kilometers per hour. ](/news/2005/09/11/over-800-000-people-in-the-zhejiang-province-of-china-are-evacuating-as-the-province-is-hit-by-typhoon-khanun-which-has-a-packing-center-w.md) _Context: China, Zhejiang_
6. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: China_
7. [A Chinese state company signs an order with Airbus for 100 A320 and 40 A350 airplanes. ](/news/2017/07/5/a-chinese-state-company-signs-an-order-with-airbus-for-100-a320-and-40-a350-airplanes.md) _Context: China_
8. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: China_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: China_
10. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: China_
