### [2007-10-12](/news/2007/10/12/index.md)

#  Former U.S. Vice President Al Gore and the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC) share the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize. 




### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2007/10/12/AR2007101200384.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://media3.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/images/twp-50x50.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Former Vice President of the United States Al Gore is cleared of claims that he assaulted a masseuse in Portland, Oregon in 2006. ](/news/2010/07/30/former-vice-president-of-the-united-states-al-gore-is-cleared-of-claims-that-he-assaulted-a-masseuse-in-portland-oregon-in-2006.md) _Context: Al Gore, U.S. Vice President_
2. [Former Vice President of the United States Al Gore and his wife Tipper announce their separation. ](/news/2010/06/1/former-vice-president-of-the-united-states-al-gore-and-his-wife-tipper-announce-their-separation.md) _Context: Al Gore, U.S. Vice President_
3. [ Former US Vice President Al Gore blasts President George W. Bush's policy of spying on American citizen conversations with suspected overseas terrorists, saying President Bush "repeatedly and persistently" broke the law in connection with the NSA warrantless surveillance controversy, says the United States Constitution is in danger. ](/news/2006/01/16/former-us-vice-president-al-gore-blasts-president-george-w-bush-s-policy-of-spying-on-american-citizen-conversations-with-suspected-overse.md) _Context: Al Gore, U.S. Vice President_
4. [ The UN International Atomic Energy Agency and its Director General Mohamed ElBaradei share the 2005 Nobel Peace Prize for their efforts to limit the spread of atomic weapons. ](/news/2005/10/7/the-un-international-atomic-energy-agency-and-its-director-general-mohamed-elbaradei-share-the-2005-nobel-peace-prize-for-their-efforts-to.md) _Context: Nobel Peace Prize, United Nations_
5. [ The United States Congress, presided over by Vice President Al Gore as President of the Senate, certifies George Walker Bush's Electoral College victory and thus as the winner of the U.S. presidential election.](/news/2001/01/6/the-united-states-congress-presided-over-by-vice-president-al-gore-as-president-of-the-senate-certifies-george-walker-bush-s-electoral-co.md) _Context: Al Gore, U.S. Vice President_
6. [Two North Korean shipments to a Syrian government agency of its chemical weapons program were intercepted in the past 6 months, according to a confidential United Nations report on violations of North Korea's sactions. ](/news/2017/08/21/two-north-korean-shipments-to-a-syrian-government-agency-of-its-chemical-weapons-program-were-intercepted-in-the-past-6-months-according-to.md) _Context: United Nations_
7. [According to the United Nations, the Philippines has the largest increase in HIV/AIDS in the Asia Pacific region with about a 140% increase in cases from 2010 until 2016 possibly causing a 'national emergency.' ](/news/2017/08/1/according-to-the-united-nations-the-philippines-has-the-largest-increase-in-hiv-aids-in-the-asia-pacific-region-with-about-a-140-increase.md) _Context: United Nations_
8. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to-the-united-nations-following-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: United Nations_
