### [2007-10-12](/news/2007/10/12/index.md)

#  The President of Russia Vladimir Putin threatens to renounce the Cold War-era INF Treaty while calling on the United States to abandon a proposed European missile shield in talks with the United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and Secretary of Defence Robert Gates. 




### Source:

1. [AFP](http://afp.google.com/article/ALeqM5gNtl8035bL_gQ1w-LZAP9ADDQc3A)

### Related:

1. [ Russian President Vladimir Putin announces that Russia may consider targeting new sites across Europe with nuclear weapons if part of the United States' nuclear capability is introduced into Europe. ](/news/2007/06/4/russian-president-vladimir-putin-announces-that-russia-may-consider-targeting-new-sites-across-europe-with-nuclear-weapons-if-part-of-the-u.md) _Context: Europe, Russian President Vladimir Putin, United States, Vladimir Putin, missile interceptor_
2. [Russia-United States relations,  U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry leaves for Moscow for talks on Syria and Ukraine with Russian President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov on  Wednesday. Kerry is also  expected to discuss the case of Ukrainian pilot Nadiya Savchenko,  who today was sentenced to 22 years in prison in the city of Donetsk. ](/news/2016/03/22/russiaaunited-states-relations-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-leaves-for-moscow-for-talks-on-syria-and-ukraine-with-russian-presiden.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, United States, United States Secretary of State, Vladimir Putin_
3. [ The United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and the United States Secretary of Defense Robert Gates travel to the Middle East to offer increased aid to allies of the United States and to seek advice on Iraq. ](/news/2007/07/30/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-and-the-united-states-secretary-of-defense-robert-gates-travel-to-the-middle-east-to.md) _Context: Condoleezza Rice, Robert Gates, United States, United States Secretary of State_
4. [ The United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice meets with the President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2007/05/15/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-meets-with-the-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin.md) _Context: Condoleezza Rice, Russian President Vladimir Putin, United States Secretary of State, Vladimir Putin_
5. [Russian President Vladimir Putin calls U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump, "a very colorful person. Talented, without any doubt" as well as an "absolute leader" in the race for the presidency. ](/news/2015/12/17/russian-president-vladimir-putin-calls-u-s-republican-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-a-very-colorful-person-talented-without-any-d.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, United States, Vladimir Putin_
6. [The carrier USS ''Ronald Reagan'', during a military exercise with South Korea  in the Sea of Japan's international waters, scrambled four fighter jets to intercept approaching Russian warplanes,  according to the U.S. Navy. IHS Jane's Defence Weekly said encounters such as these were common during the Cold War, subsided with its end but picked up again under current Russian President Vladimir Putin.  ](/news/2015/10/29/the-carrier-uss-ronald-reagan-during-a-military-exercise-with-south-korea-in-the-sea-of-japan-s-international-waters-scrambled-four-f.md) _Context: Cold War, Russian President Vladimir Putin, Vladimir Putin_
7. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry will meet President of Russia Vladimir Putin during his first visit to Russia since the Ukraine crisis began. ](/news/2015/05/12/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-will-meet-president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-during-his-first-visit-to-russia-since-the-ukraine.md) _Context: Russian President Vladimir Putin, United States Secretary of State, Vladimir Putin_
8. [Dmitry Medvedev, the President of Russia, warns of a potential new Cold War if the United States does not listen to Russia's concerns about its proposed missile defense system. ](/news/2011/05/18/dmitry-medvedev-the-president-of-russia-warns-of-a-potential-new-cold-war-if-the-united-states-does-not-listen-to-russia-s-concerns-about.md) _Context: Cold War, Russian President Vladimir Putin, United States_
9. [ Israel releases 199 Palestinian prisoners as a goodwill gesture to the President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas as the United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice visits the area. ](/news/2008/08/25/israel-releases-199-palestinian-prisoners-as-a-goodwill-gesture-to-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-as-the.md) _Context: Condoleezza Rice, United States, United States Secretary of State_
10. [ Iran: The United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice warns Iran that it should have no doubt that the United States will defend its allies including Israel. ](/news/2008/07/10/iran-p-the-united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-warns-iran-that-it-should-have-no-doubt-that-the-united-states-will-defend-its.md) _Context: Condoleezza Rice, United States, United States Secretary of State_
