### [2014-12-10](/news/2014/12/10/index.md)

# A wild storm hits Scotland, northern England and Northern Ireland leaving up to 14,000 people without power in western Scotland. 

Power is restored to most homes in Scotland after being struck by a storm dubbed the weather bomb.


### Source:

1. [Reuters via ABC News](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2014-12-11/weather-bomb-sweeps-across-the-uk/5959594)

### Related:

1. [2016-17 UK and Ireland windstorm season. The Met Office issues warnings for parts of Scotland, Northern England and Northern Ireland as Storm Barbara prepares to make landfall. ](/news/2016/12/20/2016-17-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-the-met-office-issues-warnings-for-parts-of-scotland-northern-england-and-northern-ireland-as-st.md) _Context: Northern England, Northern Ireland, Scotland_
2. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-th.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Scotland_
3. [2015-16 Great Britain and Ireland floods. Philip Dilley, chairman of the UK's Environment Agency resigns after receiving heavy criticism for not returning from a family holiday in Barbados during the recent heavy floods in Northern England and Scotland. ](/news/2016/01/11/2015-16-great-britain-and-ireland-floods-philip-dilley-chairman-of-the-uk-s-environment-agency-resigns-after-receiving-heavy-criticism-f.md) _Context: Northern England, Scotland_
4. [2015-16 UK and Ireland windstorm season. Storm Desmond. The United Kingdom's Met Office issues two new severe weather warnings for wind and rain covering across much of Scotland and Northern England beginning 6 a.m. Wednesday. ](/news/2015/12/8/2015-16-uk-and-ireland-windstorm-season-storm-desmond-the-united-kingdom-s-met-office-issues-two-new-severe-weather-warnings-for-wind-an.md) _Context: Northern England, Scotland_
5. [Thousands of homes in Scotland and Northern Ireland are without electricity and many roads are closed after snowfall and strong winds hit over the weekend. ](/news/2013/03/25/thousands-of-homes-in-scotland-and-northern-ireland-are-without-electricity-and-many-roads-are-closed-after-snowfall-and-strong-winds-hit-ov.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Scotland_
6. [The Met Office issues a storm warning for the entire United Kingdom, with Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland reportedly the worst-affected areas. Two people are later reported killed in separate weather-related incidents. ](/news/2012/01/3/the-met-office-issues-a-storm-warning-for-the-entire-united-kingdom-with-scotland-wales-and-northern-ireland-reportedly-the-worst-affected.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Scotland_
7. [ Musician Elton John and Canadian filmmaker David Furnish are joined in a civil partnership ceremony at Windsor Town Hall. The couple are among hundreds of same-sex couples entering civil partnerships in England and Wales on the first day that such ceremonies become possible. Ceremonies were held earlier this week in Northern Ireland and Scotland. ](/news/2005/12/21/musician-elton-john-and-canadian-filmmaker-david-furnish-are-joined-in-a-civil-partnership-ceremony-at-windsor-town-hall-the-couple-are-am.md) _Context: Northern Ireland, Scotland_
8. [Politics of the United Kingdom. After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/politics-of-the-united-kingdom-after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-an.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
9. [Brexit. European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/brexit-european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expa.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
10. [Police investigate the discovery of human excrement in cans of Coca-Cola in a Northern Ireland bottling facility. None of the contaminated product left the facility. ](/news/2017/03/28/police-investigate-the-discovery-of-human-excrement-in-cans-of-coca-cola-in-a-northern-ireland-bottling-facility-none-of-the-contaminated-p.md) _Context: Northern Ireland_
