### [2014-12-10](/news/2014/12/10/index.md)

# Labor and Hatnuah agree to run in a joint list for the March 2015 elections in Israel in a bid to establish a large center-left political bloc and remove Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu from power; Isaac Herzog and Tzipi Livni, should they win the elections, will share the prime ministership on rotation. 

Labor and Hatnua leaders announce deal to run joint list in upcoming elections; &#8216;only together can we win,&#8217; Herzog says 


### Source:

1. [The Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/herzog-livni-join-forces-to-rotate-leadership/#ixzz3Lbx8cEZq)

### Related:

1. [Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu fires Justice Minister Tzipi Livni and Finance Minister Yair Lapid amid the imminent breakup of the government coalition and dissolution of the Knesset ahead of new elections. ](/news/2014/12/2/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-fires-justice-minister-tzipi-livni-and-finance-minister-yair-lapid-amid-the-imminent-breakup-of-th.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli legislative election, 2015, Tzipi Livni_
2. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's speech yesterday that the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem persuaded the Nazis to adopt their Final Solution to exterminate 6 million Jews is reproached by Holocaust experts and survivors, historians, world leaders, etc. Palestine Liberation Organization's Saeb Erakat and Israel's Zionist Union party's Isaac Herzog both blasted Netanyahu's claim. German Chancellor Angela Merkel said, "All Germans know the history of the murderous race mania of the Nazis that led to ... the Holocaust."  Mehnaz Afridi, a Manhattan College professor who promotes Muslim-Jewish dialogue said, "this ... really is a terrible statement to make at this time." ](/news/2015/10/21/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-s-speech-yesterday-that-the-grand-mufti-of-jerusalem-persuaded-the-nazis-to-adopt-their-final-solu.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Isaac Herzog_
3. [Israeli legislative election, 2015: Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu arrives at an agreement with Habayit Hayehudi - the last party to join - just before the midnight deadline for the talks. With Naftali Bennett's party agreeing to a deal, Netanyahu's coalition will number 61 Members of the Knesset - the bare minimum needed. ](/news/2015/05/6/israeli-legislative-election-2015-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-arrives-at-an-agreement-with-habayit-hayehudi-the-last-party-to-join.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli legislative election, 2015_
4. [The President of Israel Reuven Rivlin opens discussions over the formation of a new government, with Benjamin Netanyahu expected to return as Prime Minister. ](/news/2015/03/22/the-president-of-israel-reuven-rivlin-opens-discussions-over-the-formation-of-a-new-government-with-benjamin-netanyahu-expected-to-return-a.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli legislative election, 2015_
5. [Israeli legislative election, 2015:The Likud party, led by incumbent Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, wins the most seats in the Knesset, winning 30 out of 120 seats. If asked by the President to form a government, Netanyahu will become the first Prime Minister to serve a fourth term. ](/news/2015/03/17/israeli-legislative-election-2015-pthe-likud-party-led-by-incumbent-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-wins-the-most-seats-in-the-knesset.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli legislative election, 2015_
6. [The Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu forms a coalition between his Likud party and the Centrist Yesh Atid, rightist Jewish Home and leftist Hatnuah parties. ](/news/2013/03/15/the-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-forms-a-coalition-between-his-likud-party-and-the-centrist-yesh-atid-rightist-jewish-home-a.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Hatnuah_
7. [Israel's embassy staff in Jordan, including a security guard involved in a shooting incident in which two Jordanians were killed yesterday, return to Israel from Amman. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu thanked U.S. President Donald Trump and Jordan's King Abdullah for their help and cooperation. ](/news/2017/07/24/israel-s-embassy-staff-in-jordan-including-a-security-guard-involved-in-a-shooting-incident-in-which-two-jordanians-were-killed-yesterday.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu_
8. [The Jewish Agency for Israel Board of Governors cancels Monday's dinner with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to protest Sunday's decision by his cabinet to rescind plans for a mixed-gender prayer area at Jerusalem's Western Wall, a compromise agreement reached after three years of intense negotiations. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-jewish-agency-for-israel-board-of-governors-cancels-monday-s-dinner-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-to-protest-sunday-s-d.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu_
9. [Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu cancels a visit with the foreign minister of Germany Sigmar Gabriel after the latter's refusal to cancel a meeting with the Israel Defense Forces veterans NGO Breaking the Silence saying the group "slanders IDF soldiers as war criminals](/news/2017/04/25/prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-cancels-a-visit-with-the-foreign-minister-of-germany-sigmar-gabriel-after-the-latter-s-refusal-t.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu_
10. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu blames the Islamic State for the attack that killed four soldiers and injured 15 others in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/01/9/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-blames-the-islamic-state-for-the-attack-that-killed-four-soldiers-and-injured-15-others-in-east-je.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu_
