### [2015-12-13](/news/2015/12/13/index.md)

# A Russian warship fires warning shots at a Turkish vessel in the Aegean Sea to "avoid a collision", according to the Russian Defence Ministry. 

A Russian warship &quot;fired warning shots&quot; at a Turkish fishing boat to avoid a collision in the Aegean, Moscow says, amid continuing tension between the two countries.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-35087050)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/45CC/production/_87186871_87186870.jpg)

### Related:

1. [President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan affirms Turkey has paid a deposit on the purchase of Russian S-400 missile systems. ](/news/2017/09/12/president-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-affirms-turkey-has-paid-a-deposit-on-the-purchase-of-russian-s-400-missile-systems.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-Turkey relations, Turkey_
2. [The Russian ambassador to Turkey Andrei Karlov is killed in a gun attack at an art gallery in Ankara. Russia calls the assassin, 22-year old police officer, Mevlut Mert Altintas, a "terrorist". Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu goes to Moscow for a planned trilateral meeting on Syria, saying "the incident will not impact relations between Turkey and Russia". ](/news/2016/12/19/the-russian-ambassador-to-turkey-andrei-karlov-is-killed-in-a-gun-attack-at-an-art-gallery-in-ankara-russia-calls-the-assassin-22-year-old.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-Turkey relations, Turkey_
3. [Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu says Turkey's cooperation with Russia in combating the Islamic State in Syria does not include Russia's use of its Incirlik Air Base, which some have interpreted from his comments yesterday. ](/news/2016/07/4/turkish-foreign-minister-mevla1-4t-aavuaoalu-says-turkey-s-cooperation-with-russia-in-combating-the-islamic-state-in-syria-does-not-include.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-Turkey relations, Turkey_
4. [Turkey's Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu accuses Russia of provoking military gestures as a sailor aboard a Russian naval vessel wielded a rocket launcher as the ship passed through the Bosphorous Strait in the wake of Russia's imposing sanctions on Turkey for that country's downing of a Russian aircraft ](/news/2015/12/7/turkeyas-foreign-minister-mevla1-4t-aavuaoalu-accuses-russia-of-provoking-military-gestures-as-a-sailor-aboard-a-russian-naval-vessel-wie.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-Turkey relations, Turkey_
5. [A day after Turkey's president Recep Tayyip Erdogan had harsh words for Russia, Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu, in an essay in the London "Times", says the downing of the Russian jet, "was not -- and is not -- an act against a specific country. ... While the measures to defend our territory will remain in place, Turkey will work with Russia and our allies to calm tensions." ](/news/2015/11/28/a-day-after-turkey-s-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-had-harsh-words-for-russia-turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-in-an-essay-in-the.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-Turkey relations, Turkey_
6. [Turkey's president Recep Tayyip Erdogan warns Russia not to "play with fire" and says Russia is supporting the "state terrorism" of the Bashar al-Assad regime in Syria that has "killed 380,000 people". Relations between the former Cold War antagonists have been severely damaged after Turkey shot down a Russian Sukhoi Su-24 near the Syria-Turkey border on November 24, 2015. ](/news/2015/11/27/turkey-s-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-warns-russia-not-to-play-with-fire-and-says-russia-is-supporting-the-state-terrorism-of-the-bas.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-Turkey relations, Turkey_
7. [Turkish F-16 fighter jets shoot down a Russian Sukhoi Su-24 aircraft that had allegedly infringed its airspace near the Syrian border. Russia's Ministry of Defence denies the Su-24 entered Turkish airspace and initially said it was shot down by ground fire over Syria's Latakia Governorate. A video emerged of one pilot killed as local rebel Turkmen fighters shot at him while he was parachuting and a video of his body, while the fate of the other pilot is unknown but is presumed dead. A combat search and rescue mission by Russian forces failed to reach them. It is the first time a NATO member has shot down a Russian plane since the 1950s. ](/news/2015/11/24/turkish-f-16-fighter-jets-shoot-down-a-russian-sukhoi-su-24-aircraft-that-had-allegedly-infringed-its-airspace-near-the-syrian-border-russi.md) _Context: Russia, Russian Defence Ministry, Turkey_
8. [A Russian lieutenant general, Valery Asapov, is killed by mortar fire from ISIL militants near the city of Deir ez-Zor, according to the Russian Defence Ministry. Asapov has been described as one of the senior Russian military advisers in Syria. ](/news/2017/09/24/a-russian-lieutenant-general-valery-asapov-is-killed-by-mortar-fire-from-isil-militants-near-the-city-of-deir-ez-zor-according-to-the-rus.md) _Context: Russia, Russian Defence Ministry_
9. [A 6.7 magnitude earthquake in the Aegean Sea near Greece and Turkey kills two people and injures more than 520 others. ](/news/2017/07/21/a-6-7-magnitude-earthquake-in-the-aegean-sea-near-greece-and-turkey-kills-two-people-and-injures-more-than-520-others.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, Turkey_
10. [The Russian Ministry of Defence says its forces may have killed ISIL's leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi in an airstrike, south of Raqqa on 28 May, and currently is seeking confirmation. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-russian-ministry-of-defence-says-its-forces-may-have-killed-isil-s-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-in-an-airstrike-south-of-raqqa-on-28-may.md) _Context: Russia, Russian Defence Ministry_
