### [2015-12-13](/news/2015/12/13/index.md)

# Central African Republic constitutional referendum, 2015: While voters in Central African Republic cast their ballots in a constitutional referendum aimed at ending years of sectarian strife, clashes erupt in the capital Bangui's PK5 Muslim neighborhood, killing at least two and injuring over 20. PK5 residents, visited by Pope Francis two weeks ago, marched to the U.N. headquarters in the country to complain they were unable to cast their ballots. The proposed constitution would limit a president to two terms, add an upper house to go along with the National Assembly, and fight institutional corruption. 

Two&#x20;people&#x20;were&#x20;killed&#x20;Sunday&#x20;as&#x20;heavy&#x20;weapons&#x20;fire&#x20;and&#x20;clashes&#x20;in&#x20;the&#x20;Muslim&#x20;district&#x20;of&#x20;Bangui,&#x20;the&#x20;Central&#x20;African&#x20;Republic&#x20;capital,&#x20;marred&#x20;a&#x20;key&#x20;constitutional&#x20;referendum&#x20;aimed&#x20;at&#x20;ending&#x20;years&#x20;of&#x20;sectarian&#x20;strife.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/12/heavy-fighting-eurpts-car-referendum-voting-151213135951268.html)
2. [France24](http://www.france24.com/en/20151213-fighting-erupts-during-crucial-central-african-republic-referendum)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-centralafrica-referendum-idUSKBN0TW07Z20151213#mpDRV9JlAPSMRFQt.97)

### Related:

1. [Pope Francis' 2015 visit to Africa: Pope Francis travels to a besieged Muslim neighborhood known as PK5 in the Central African Republic, a country wracked by sectarian violence. This visit is part of Francis's message of peace and reconciliation. As a result of the violence over the last two years, most of the capital Bangui's 100,000-plus Muslims have fled; now only 15,000 remain. ](/news/2015/11/30/pope-francis-2015-visit-to-africa-pope-francis-travels-to-a-besieged-muslim-neighborhood-known-as-pk5-in-the-central-african-republic-a-c.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central African Republic, Muslim, Pope Francis_
2. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Muslim, Pope Francis_
3. [Pope Francis' 2015 visit to Africa: Pope Francis arrives in the Central African Republic, the last stop of his six-day African tour, becoming the first modern pope to enter an active war zone as the country is in a state of civil war. ](/news/2015/11/29/pope-francis-2015-visit-to-africa-pope-francis-arrives-in-the-central-african-republic-the-last-stop-of-his-six-day-african-tour-becomin.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Pope Francis_
4. [Central African Republic Civil War (2012-present): At least 22 people are killed this week in a string of raids on villages in the Central African Republic. The escalation of violence threatens to derail a visit by Pope Francis and crucial elections scheduled for December 27, 2015. ](/news/2015/11/13/central-african-republic-civil-war-2012-present-at-least-22-people-are-killed-this-week-in-a-string-of-raids-on-villages-in-the-central.md) _Context: Central African Republic, Pope Francis_
5. [All 500 of the prisoners escape from the Ngaraba jail in Bangui, the capital of the Central African Republic. ](/news/2015/09/29/all-500-of-the-prisoners-escape-from-the-ngaraba-jail-in-bangui-the-capital-of-the-central-african-republic.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central African Republic_
6. [Civil war in the Central African Republic: A Rwandan soldier attached to MINUSCA goes on a shooting spree in Bangui, killing four fellow UN peacekeepers and injuring another eight before turning the gun on himself. ](/news/2015/08/8/civil-war-in-the-central-african-republic-a-rwandan-soldier-attached-to-minusca-goes-on-a-shooting-spree-in-bangui-killing-four-fellow-un.md) _Context: Bangui's, U.N. headquarters_
7. [At least 11 people are killed in an attack on a church by the Slka militia group in the city of Bangui in the Central African Republic. ](/news/2014/05/28/at-least-11-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-on-a-church-by-the-seleka-militia-group-in-the-city-of-bangui-in-the-central-african-republic.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central African Republic_
8. [A mass grave of Christians is discovered in a neighborhood in Bangui, Central African Republic, formerly occupied by the Muslim Seleka rebels. ](/news/2014/02/15/a-mass-grave-of-christians-is-discovered-in-a-neighborhood-in-bangui-central-african-republic-formerly-occupied-by-the-muslim-seleka-rebel.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central African Republic_
9. [Heavy gunfire erupts in Central African Republic's capital Bangui. ](/news/2014/01/24/heavy-gunfire-erupts-in-central-african-republic-s-capital-bangui.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central African Republic_
10. [Central African Republic conflict under the Djotodia administration:: The Red Cross claims that at least 300 people have died in two days of fighting in Bangui, the capital of the Central African Republic. ](/news/2013/12/6/central-african-republic-conflict-under-the-djotodia-administration-the-red-cross-claims-that-at-least-300-people-have-died-in-two-days-of.md) _Context: Bangui's, Central African Republic_
