### [2015-12-13](/news/2015/12/13/index.md)

# On the eve of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) party's convention in Karlsruhe, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel says, "We want to noticeably reduce the number of people who come to us, but not through unilateral national measures alone."   She acknowledges the crisis could overwhelm Germany if it went on much longer. Merkel  warded off pressure from immigration skeptics within the CDU to include a quota in the refugee policy motion the convention will  vote on.  

German Chancellor Angela Merkel faces critics of her refugee policy armed with a vote of confidence by senior members of her Christian Democratic Union, lessening the chances of an open revolt.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-12-13/merkel-stamps-out-revolt-on-refugees-as-party-anger-simmers)
2. [Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Breaking-News/Merkel-wants-to-drastically-reduce-refugee-arrivals-in-Germany-437220?utm_source=dlvr.it&utm_medium=twitter)
3. [Reuters via International Business Times](http://www.ibtimes.com/merkel-reverses-course-wants-limit-refugees-2223461)
4. [The Financial Times](http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/3c146892-a1cc-11e5-bc70-7ff6d4fd203a.html#axzz3uF56erK3)

### Related:

1. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel defends her stance regarding the European migrant crisis despite her party losing in the key election. ](/news/2016/09/6/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-defends-her-stance-regarding-the-european-migrant-crisis-despite-her-party-losing-in-the-key-election.md) _Context: Angela Merkel's, CDU, European migrant crisis, German_
2. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel asserts she still isn't prepared to name an upper limit to the number of refugees who can come to Germany, despite mounting domestic political pressure. ](/news/2015/11/13/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-asserts-she-still-isn-t-prepared-to-name-an-upper-limit-to-the-number-of-refugees-who-can-come-to-germany-d.md) _Context: Angela Merkel's, European migrant crisis, German, German Chancellor_
3. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel,  European Council President Donald Tusk, and European Commission Vice-President Frans Timmermans meet with Syrian refugees at a camp in the southeastern Turkish town of Nizip prior to talks with a delegation led by Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. Davutoglu stresses the importance of implementation of European Union visa liberalization for Turkish citizens in assuring the success of Europe's  migrant readmission agreement with his country. Tusk announces that the EU will spend 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) this summer on projects to improve the lives of Syrian migrants. ](/news/2016/04/23/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-european-council-president-donald-tusk-and-european-commission-vice-president-frans-timmermans-meet-with.md) _Context: Angela Merkel's, European migrant crisis, German Chancellor_
4. [ German Chancellor Angela Merkel announces a plan  to register and distribute incoming refugees evenly throughout the European Union. Refugees would be stopped at EU borders, have  their application processed, and then, if accepted, sent to one of the Union's 28 member states. ](/news/2015/11/3/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-announces-a-plan-to-register-and-distribute-incoming-refugees-evenly-throughout-the-european-union-refuge.md) _Context: Angela Merkel's, European migrant crisis, German Chancellor_
5. [Germany summons the United States Ambassador over claims that the US monitored Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel's mobile phone. ](/news/2013/10/24/germany-summons-the-united-states-ambassador-over-claims-that-the-us-monitored-chancellor-of-germany-angela-merkel-s-mobile-phone.md) _Context: Angela Merkel's, German, German Chancellor_
6. [Voters in Germany go to the polls for a federal election, with Chancellor Angela Merkel's Christian Democratic Union achieving its highest vote since 1990. ](/news/2013/09/22/voters-in-germany-go-to-the-polls-for-a-federal-election-with-chancellor-angela-merkel-s-christian-democratic-union-achieving-its-highest-v.md) _Context: Angela Merkel's, German, German Chancellor_
7. [British Prime Minister David Cameron travels to Berlin to discuss his demands for sweeping reform of the European Union with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. ](/news/2013/04/12/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-travels-to-berlin-to-discuss-his-demands-for-sweeping-reform-of-the-european-union-with-german-chancell.md) _Context: Angela Merkel's, German, German Chancellor_
8. [In Germany, Chancellor Angela Merkel's centre-left opponents win a narrow victory in Lower Saxony state election. ](/news/2013/01/20/in-germany-chancellor-angela-merkel-s-centre-left-opponents-win-a-narrow-victory-in-lower-saxony-state-election.md) _Context: Angela Merkel's, German, German Chancellor_
9. [Germany's ruling coalition led by Chancellor Angela Merkel pledges to end all nuclear power by 2022. ](/news/2011/05/30/germany-s-ruling-coalition-led-by-chancellor-angela-merkel-pledges-to-end-all-nuclear-power-by-2022.md) _Context: Angela Merkel's, German, German Chancellor_
10. [Angela Merkel, Chancellor of Germany, reaffirms that country's support for the euro in a joint press conference with the Prime Minister of Italy, Silvio Berlusconi. ](/news/2011/01/12/angela-merkel-chancellor-of-germany-reaffirms-that-country-s-support-for-the-euro-in-a-joint-press-conference-with-the-prime-minister-of-i.md) _Context: Angela Merkel's, German, German Chancellor_
