### [2015-12-13](/news/2015/12/13/index.md)

# With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country's 13  regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's  party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. 

Marine Le Pen’s party defeated by tactical voting and an increase in turnout after record showing in first round


### Source:

1. [Politico](http://www.politico.eu/article/voter-turnout-high-in-french-regional-elections/)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-france-politics-idUSKBN0TW00320151213#tqVVDB0mhH2IAfY5.97)
3. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/story/1605202/far-right-defeated-in-french-regional-elections)
4. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/live/2015/dec/13/french-regional-elections-2015-live)
5. [The Straits Times](http://www.straitstimes.com/world/europe/french-far-right-fails-to-win-a-single-region-in-elections)

### Related:

1. [France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-resolution-to-lift-european-union-sanctions-against-russia-applied-after-russia-s-a.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, PS, President of France, Republican_
2. [Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy resigns as leader of The Republicans party and announces his candidacy for President again. ](/news/2016/07/3/former-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-resigns-as-leader-of-the-republicans-party-and-announces-his-candidacy-for-president-again.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France, Republican_
3. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
4. [Voters in France go to the polls for the first round of the French presidential election with Francois Hollande of the French Socialist Party and incumbent President Nicolas Sarkozy through to the second round. ](/news/2012/04/22/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-round-of-the-french-presidential-election-with-franassois-hollande-of-the-french-socialist-par.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
5. [ Presidency of the European Council: Tony Blair's former chief-of-staff, Jonathan Powell, has been touring European capital cities, including Brussels, Paris and Prague, in an undercover move to make him the first President of the European Council. Blair is supported by French President Nicolas Sarkozy and German Chancellor Angela Merkel. ](/news/2009/10/3/presidency-of-the-european-council-p-tony-blair-s-former-chief-of-staff-jonathan-powell-has-been-touring-european-capital-cities-includi.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, Paris, President of France_
6. [Voters in France return to the polls for a run-off, to elect either Emmanuel Macron or Marine Le Pen as the new President of France. Final opinion polls continue to predict that the centrist Macron will defeat the far-right Le Pen. ](/news/2017/05/7/voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-for-a-run-off-to-elect-either-emmanuel-macron-or-marine-le-pen-as-the-new-president-of-france-final-o.md) _Context: France, President of France, far-right_
7. [Christiane Taubira, differing with President Francois Hollande concerning  pending terrorist/citizenship legislation, resigns as the Minister of Justice in France. ](/news/2016/01/27/christiane-taubira-differing-with-president-franassois-hollande-concerning-pending-terrorist-citizenship-legislation-resigns-as-the-minist.md) _Context: France, Francois Hollande, President of France_
8. [Voters in France begin voting in the first round of regional elections just three weeks after the deadly Islamic State militant attacks in Paris. Exit polls show strong gains for the far-right National Front  which is leading in six regions and reshape the political landscape after decades of domination by the centre-left and the centre-right coalitions. Midday voter participation is 16.27 percent, marginally higher than five years ago. There are 44.6 million eligible voters. ](/news/2015/12/6/voters-in-france-begin-voting-in-the-first-round-of-regional-elections-just-three-weeks-after-the-deadly-islamic-state-militant-attacks-in-p.md) _Context: France, French regional elections, 2015, far-right_
9. [Voters in France go to the polls for local government elections with initial polling suggesting favorable results for former President Nicolas Sarkozy's UMP. ](/news/2015/03/29/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-local-government-elections-with-initial-polling-suggesting-favorable-results-for-former-president-nicol.md) _Context: France, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
10. [Voters in France go to the polls for the first round of voting in local government elections. Exit polls show the conservative UMP in first place, Marine Le Pen's National Front in second, with President Francois Hollande's French Socialist Party in third. ](/news/2015/03/22/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-round-of-voting-in-local-government-elections-exit-polls-show-the-conservative-ump-in-first.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France, far-right_
