### [2007-03-11](/news/2007/03/11/index.md)

#  The ninth Cricket World Cup opens in Trelawny Stadium, Montego Bay, Jamaica. The 2007 championship will feature cricket matches staged in various locations across the Caribbean. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport1/hi/cricket/other_international/west_indies/6410751.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Hurricanes and tropical storms: 2007 Atlantic hurricane season: Tropical Storm Felix forms over the Windward Islands of the Caribbean and becomes Hurricane Felix. Aruba, Bonaire and Curacao have storm warnings in place and Jamaica has a tropical storm watch. ](/news/2007/09/1/hurricanes-and-tropical-storms-p-2007-atlantic-hurricane-season-tropical-storm-felix-forms-over-the-windward-islands-of-the-caribbean-and.md) _Context: Caribbean, Jamaica_
2. [ Jamaica prepares for Hurricane Dean with the hurricane already responsible for at least eight deaths on Caribbean islands St. Lucia, Martinique and Dominica. It is expected to hit the Cayman Islands on Monday and the Yucatn Peninsula on Tuesday with further impact on Mexico or Texas later in the week. ](/news/2007/08/19/jamaica-prepares-for-hurricane-dean-with-the-hurricane-already-responsible-for-at-least-eight-deaths-on-caribbean-islands-st-lucia-martin.md) _Context: Caribbean, Jamaica_
3. [ Jamaican police announce investigation into the death of former Pakistan cricket coach Bob Woolmer with suspicions that it was murder. ](/news/2007/03/20/jamaican-police-announce-investigation-into-the-death-of-former-pakistan-cricket-coach-bob-woolmer-with-suspicions-that-it-was-murder.md) _Context: Cricket, Jamaica_
4. [ Herschelle Gibbs of South Africa becomes the first cricketer to hit six sixes in one over in a One Day International at the 2007 Cricket World Cup. ](/news/2007/03/16/herschelle-gibbs-of-south-africa-becomes-the-first-cricketer-to-hit-six-sixes-in-one-over-in-a-one-day-international-at-the-2007-cricket-wo.md) _Context: 2007 Cricket World Cup, Cricket_
5. [ The first match of the 2007 Cricket World Cup, between West Indies and Pakistan, takes place at Sabina Park in Jamaica. The West Indies win by 54 runs.([http://news.bbc.co.uk/sport1/hi/cricket/6441789.stm BBC])](/news/2007/03/13/the-first-match-of-the-2007-cricket-world-cup-between-west-indies-and-pakistan-takes-place-at-sabina-park-in-jamaica-the-west-indies-win.md) _Context: 2007 Cricket World Cup, Jamaica_
6. [Heavy rains from Hurricane Matthew's outer bands drench Haiti and Jamaica, killing a Haitian fisherman. The Category 4 storm, with 140 mph ((220 km/h) maximum sustained winds), is heading towards western Haiti, eastern Cuba, and the southeastern and central Bahamas. ](/news/2016/10/3/heavy-rains-from-hurricane-matthew-s-outer-bands-drench-haiti-and-jamaica-killing-a-haitian-fisherman-the-category-4-storm-with-140-mph.md) _Context: Jamaica_
7. [Hurricane Matthew, at Category 4 strength with maximum sustained winds of 150 mph (240 km/h), temporarily stalls as it heads towards Jamaica and Haiti. Weather forecasters expect tropical storm conditions today with landfall tomorrow. Further, they expect rainfall of 20 inches, with up to 40 inches in some parts of southern Haiti. ](/news/2016/10/2/hurricane-matthew-at-category-4-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-150-mph-240-km-h-temporarily-stalls-as-it-heads-towards-jamaica.md) _Context: Jamaica_
8. [Hurricane Matthew becomes a category-5 hurricane with maximum sustained winds up to 160 mph, the strongest hurricane to form over the Caribbean Sea since Hurricane Felix in 2007. It is expected to impact parts of Haiti, Jamaica and eastern Cuba. ](/news/2016/09/30/hurricane-matthew-becomes-a-category-5-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-up-to-160-mph-the-strongest-hurricane-to-form-over-the-caribb.md) _Context: Jamaica_
9. [Two  missionaries from the United States are found slain in separate areas of rural St. Mary parish in Jamaica. Randy Hentzel and Harold Nichols both worked for a Pennsylvania-based Christian charity called Teams for Medical Missions. ](/news/2016/05/1/two-missionaries-from-the-united-states-are-found-slain-in-separate-areas-of-rural-st-mary-parish-in-jamaica-randy-hentzel-and-harold-nic.md) _Context: Jamaica_
10. [The first cruise ship in more than a half-century bound for Havana from the United States leaves Miami, Florida, at about 4:24 p.m. EDT. Carnival Cruise Line's 704-passenger Adonia was able to set sail for the  northern Caribbean country after  Cuba,  April 22, loosened its policy banning Cuban-born people from traveling to the country by sea. ](/news/2016/05/1/the-first-cruise-ship-in-more-than-a-half-century-bound-for-havana-from-the-united-states-leaves-miami-florida-at-about-4-24-p-m-edt-car.md) _Context: Caribbean_
