### [2013-07-17](/news/2013/07/17/index.md)

# Syrian civil war:1 man and a 15-year-old boy are killed near the Turkish border town of Ceylanpinar after clashes erupted between Al-Nausra and female Kurds of the YPG. 

Kurdish militants look for victory over Islamist rebels in Ras al-Ayn as the Turkish army fires on Syria after stray Syrian bullets claimed lives on Turkish soil


### Source:

1. [Daily star News](http://www.dailystar.com.lb/News/Middle-East/2013/Jul-17/223984-turkish-teen-killed-by-gunfire-from-syria-border-clashes.ashx#axzz2ZKEw4AE8)
2. [Hurriyet Daily News](http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/kurds-al-nusra-clash-at-turkeys-syrian-border.aspx?pageID=238&nID=50864&NewsCatID=341)
3. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/story/1116949/syria-car-bomb-kills-seven-people)

### Related:

1. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Turkey, al-Nusra_
2. [At least 47 ISIL militants have been killed by Turkish and U.S.-led bombing raids by fighter jets on the town of al-Bab in the last 24 hours, with the Turkish Armed Forces attacking 135 other ISIL targets in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/3/at-least-47-isil-militants-have-been-killed-by-turkish-and-u-s-led-bombing-raids-by-fighter-jets-on-the-town-of-al-bab-in-the-last-24-hours.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
3. [A fuel truck explodes in the Syrian town of Azaz, near the border with Turkey, killing at least 43 people, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/01/7/a-fuel-truck-explodes-in-the-syrian-town-of-azaz-near-the-border-with-turkey-killing-at-least-43-people-according-to-the-syrian-observato.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
4. [The second day of peace negotiations in Astana, Kazakhstan, end with the sponsors of the talks, Russia, Turkey and Iran, agreeing to set up commission between the three to monitor and enforce the fragile ceasefire to the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/24/the-second-day-of-peace-negotiations-in-astana-kazakhstan-end-with-the-sponsors-of-the-talks-russia-turkey-and-iran-agreeing-to-set-up.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
5. [The United Nations Security Council unanimously votes in favor of the Russian and Turkey-backed ceasefire currently in effect in Syria. ](/news/2017/01/1/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-votes-in-favor-of-the-russian-and-turkey-backed-ceasefire-currently-in-effect-in-syria.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
6. [Syrian civil war and The U.S. Obama administration and the Russian Putin administration agree to a Syrian peace deal. The deal is intended to end combat in specified areas and create a joint center of combat to fight ISIL and Al-Nusra Front. ](/news/2016/09/10/syrian-civil-war-and-the-u-s-obama-administration-and-the-russian-putin-administration-agree-to-a-syrian-peace-deal-the-deal-is-intended-t.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra_
7. [Turkey sends more tanks into northern Syria to continue its offensive against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG). ](/news/2016/08/25/turkey-sends-more-tanks-into-northern-syria-to-continue-its-offensive-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-and-kurdish-people-s-prot.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
8. [Syrian Civil War Airstrikes hit  Darkush in Idlib Province near the Turkish border, killing at least 23 people, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.  At least 25 died when rebels shelled government-held areas of Aleppo. Friday is the last day of a 72-hour Syrian Army-sponsored ceasefire. ](/news/2016/07/8/syrian-civil-war-pairstrikes-hit-darkush-in-idlib-province-near-the-turkish-border-killing-at-least-23-people-according-to-the-syrian-obs.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
9. [Syrian government airstrikes in Damascus kill at least 30 people. According to the rebels, the airstrikes were revenge for the killing of a Syrian Air Force pilot by Al-Nusra Front yesterday. The airstrikes reportedly targeted a medical centre and a school. ](/news/2016/07/2/syrian-government-airstrikes-in-damascus-kill-at-least-30-people-according-to-the-rebels-the-airstrikes-were-revenge-for-the-killing-of-a.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra_
10. [   Turkish shelling kills 55 Islamic State of Iraq and Syria insurgents in northern Syria in retaliation for rocket attacks on Kilis, a Turkish border town. ](/news/2016/05/8/turkish-shelling-kills-55-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-insurgents-in-northern-syria-in-retaliation-for-rocket-attacks-on-kilis-a-turk.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
