### [2013-07-17](/news/2013/07/17/index.md)

# Syrian civil war:: 1 man and a 15-year-old boy are killed near the Turkish border town of Ceylanpinar after clashes erupted between Al-Nausra and female Kurds of the YPG. 

Kurdish militants look for victory over Islamist rebels in Ras al-Ayn as the Turkish army fires on Syria after stray Syrian bullets claimed lives on Turkish soil


### Source:

1. [Daily star News](http://www.dailystar.com.lb/News/Middle-East/2013/Jul-17/223984-turkish-teen-killed-by-gunfire-from-syria-border-clashes.ashx#axzz2ZKEw4AE8)
2. [Hurriyet Daily News](http://www.hurriyetdailynews.com/kurds-al-nusra-clash-at-turkeys-syrian-border.aspx?pageID=238&nID=50864&NewsCatID=341)
3. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/story/1116949/syria-car-bomb-kills-seven-people)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Turkey, al-Nusra_
2. [ Syrian Civil War: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War: Turkey-ISIL conflict: Turkish shelling kills 55 Islamic State of Iraq and Syria insurgents in northern Syria in retaliation for rocket attacks on Kilis, a Turkish border town. [http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-turkey-idUSKCN0XZ05R (Reuters)] [http://www.dailyprogress.com/news/world/wire/report-turkey-attacks-is-in-syria-militants-killed/article_4b13cd44-6a6b-5be8-91ba-5d4b5cf3af2b.html (Daily Progress)]: Three Spanish journalists were released after being abducted around Aleppo, Syria, and held hostage by the Al-Nusra Front since 13 July 2015. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/07/three-spanish-journalists-released-in-syria-by-al-qaeda-group-af/ (The Telegraph (UK))]](/news/2016/05/8/syrian-civil-war-spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-turkey-isil-conflict-turkish-shelling-kills-55-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-insu.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Turkey, al-Nusra_
3. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-o.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
4. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
5. [Syrian Civil War: American-led intervention in Syria: At least 47 ISIL militants have been killed by Turkish and U.S.-led bombing raids by fighter jets on the town of al-Bab in the last 24 hours, with the Turkish Armed Forces attacking 135 other ISIL targets in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/3/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-at-least-47-isil-militants-have-been-killed-by-turkish-and-u-s-led-bombing-raids-by-f.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
6. [Syrian Civil War: A fuel truck explodes in the Syrian town of Azaz, near the border with Turkey, killing at least 43 people, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/01/7/syrian-civil-war-a-fuel-truck-explodes-in-the-syrian-town-of-azaz-near-the-border-with-turkey-killing-at-least-43-people-according-to-th.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
7. [Syrian peace process: The second day of peace negotiations in Astana, Kazakhstan, end with the sponsors of the talks, Russia, Turkey and Iran, agreeing to set up commission between the three to monitor and enforce the fragile ceasefire to the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/24/syrian-peace-process-the-second-day-of-peace-negotiations-in-astana-kazakhstan-end-with-the-sponsors-of-the-talks-russia-turkey-and-ira.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
8. [Syrian Civil War: The United Nations Security Council unanimously votes in favor of the Russian and Turkey-backed ceasefire currently in effect in Syria. ](/news/2017/01/1/syrian-civil-war-the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-votes-in-favor-of-the-russian-and-turkey-backed-ceasefire-currently-in-eff.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
9. [Syrian civil war and Russia-United States relations: The U.S. Obama administration and the Russian Putin administration agree to a Syrian peace deal. The deal is intended to end combat in specified areas and create a joint center of combat to fight ISIL and Al-Nusra Front. ](/news/2016/09/10/syrian-civil-war-and-russia-united-states-relations-the-u-s-obama-administration-and-the-russian-putin-administration-agree-to-a-syrian.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra_
10. [Syrian Civil War: Turkey sends more tanks into northern Syria to continue its offensive against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant and Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG). ](/news/2016/08/25/syrian-civil-war-turkey-sends-more-tanks-into-northern-syria-to-continue-its-offensive-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-and-kur.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Turkey_
