### [2007-09-12](/news/2007/09/12/index.md)

#  Bombardier Aerospace orders the grounding of at least 40 percent of its Q-400 turboprop following recent incidents in Scandinavian Airlines aircraft in Denmark and Lithuania. [http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5j9dgF42S_3YlUzE-B4hqLtKEdusA (Associated Press)] (Wikinews)




### Related:

1. [ Scandinavian Airlines decides to immediately and permanently discontinue services based on the use of its 24 Dash 8 Q400 after a series of crash landings. ](/news/2007/10/28/scandinavian-airlines-decides-to-immediately-and-permanently-discontinue-services-based-on-the-use-of-its-24-dash-8-q400-after-a-series-of.md) _Context: Dash 8 Q400, Scandinavian Airlines_
2. [Danish royal consorts: Denmark's Prince Henrik announces he won't be buried next to Queen Margrethe II in the Roskilde Cathedral where Danish royals have been buried since 1559. The 83-year-old, French-born Henrik has been dissatisfied with his non-equal role as Prince consort. The 77-year old Margrethe, who had a specially designed sarcophagus made for the couple, accepts Henrik's decision, according to a royal house spokeswoman. ](/news/2017/08/4/danish-royal-consorts-denmark-s-prince-henrik-announces-he-won-t-be-buried-next-to-queen-margrethe-ii-in-the-roskilde-cathedral-where-danis.md) _Context: Denmark_
3. [Scientists confirm that Denmark has its first wild pack of Gray wolves for the first time in 200 years. ](/news/2017/05/4/scientists-confirm-that-denmark-has-its-first-wild-pack-of-gray-wolves-for-the-first-time-in-200-years.md) _Context: Denmark_
4. [Military intervention against ISIL: Denmark's government announces it will be withdrawing its seven F-16 fighter jets from military operations against ISIL in Iraq and Syria from mid-December. ](/news/2016/12/2/military-intervention-against-isil-denmark-s-government-announces-it-will-be-withdrawing-its-seven-f-16-fighter-jets-from-military-operatio.md) _Context: Denmark_
5. [Merger talks between Danish oil and gas corporations DONG Energy and Maersk have reached an impasse over valuation. ](/news/2016/12/14/merger-talks-between-danish-oil-and-gas-corporations-dong-energy-and-maersk-have-reached-an-impasse-over-valuation.md) _Context: Denmark_
6. [Lars Lokke Rasmussen III Cabinet: Denmark gets a new coalition government as the centre-right liberal party Venstre joins forces with the Conservative People's Party and the libertarian-leaning Liberal Alliance whose leader, Anders Samuelsen, becomes Denmark's sixth foreign minister in six years. ](/news/2016/11/28/lars-la-kke-rasmussen-iii-cabinet-denmark-gets-a-new-coalition-government-as-the-centre-right-liberal-party-venstre-joins-forces-with-the-c.md) _Context: Denmark_
7. [NATO-Russia relations: Russia deploys its S-400 missile system in Kaliningrad, an exclave between Poland and Lithuania, in response to "NATO expansion" near its borders. The United States criticizes the move as "destabilizing" to Europe. Russia announced the planned deployment over a decade ago. ](/news/2016/11/21/nato-russia-relations-russia-deploys-its-s-400-missile-system-in-kaliningrad-an-exclave-between-poland-and-lithuania-in-response-to-na.md) _Context: Lithuania_
8. [Lithuanian parliamentary election, 2016: Voters in Lithuania vote to elect representatives for the 141-seat parliament. ](/news/2016/10/9/lithuanian-parliamentary-election-2016-voters-in-lithuania-vote-to-elect-representatives-for-the-141-seat-parliament.md) _Context: Lithuania_
9. [Russian President Vladimir Putin deploys the nuclear-capable Iskander mobile short-range ballistic missile system to the Russian Kaliningrad exclave between Poland and Lithuania. ](/news/2016/10/8/russian-president-vladimir-putin-deploys-the-nuclear-capable-iskander-mobile-short-range-ballistic-missile-system-to-the-russian-kaliningrad.md) _Context: Lithuania_
10. [Denmark's government plans to buy the leaked Panama Papers containing Danish citizens. ](/news/2016/09/7/denmark-s-government-plans-to-buy-the-leaked-panama-papers-containing-danish-citizens.md) _Context: Denmark_
