### [2007-09-12](/news/2007/09/12/index.md)

#  Former President of the Philippines Joseph Estrada is found guilty of corruption in his 6-year trial and sentenced to Life Imprisonment. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/6989998.stm)

### Related:

1. [Former Philippine President Joseph Estrada visits former President Gloria Arroyo in the hospital where she is currently detained. ](/news/2013/12/23/former-philippine-president-joseph-estrada-visits-former-president-gloria-arroyo-in-the-hospital-where-she-is-currently-detained.md) _Context: Joseph Estrada, President of the Philippines_
2. [Former President of the Philippines Joseph Estrada is sworn-in as the newly elected Mayor of Manila, the nation's capital. ](/news/2013/06/30/former-president-of-the-philippines-joseph-estrada-is-sworn-in-as-the-newly-elected-mayor-of-manila-the-nation-s-capital.md) _Context: Joseph Estrada, President of the Philippines_
3. [Former President of the Philippines Joseph Estrada is declared as the winner of the mayoral election in the capital Manila. ](/news/2013/05/14/former-president-of-the-philippines-joseph-estrada-is-declared-as-the-winner-of-the-mayoral-election-in-the-capital-manila.md) _Context: Joseph Estrada, President of the Philippines_
4. [Noynoy Aquino is elected as President of the Philippines in the Philippines presidential election, taking 42% of the vote, about 16 percentage points more than second-place Joseph Estrada. ](/news/2010/06/8/noynoy-aquino-is-elected-as-president-of-the-philippines-in-the-philippines-presidential-election-taking-42-of-the-vote-about-16-percenta.md) _Context: Joseph Estrada, President of the Philippines_
5. [ Former President of the Philippines Joseph Estrada is freed after receiving a pardon from the current President Gloria Arroyo. ](/news/2007/10/26/former-president-of-the-philippines-joseph-estrada-is-freed-after-receiving-a-pardon-from-the-current-president-gloria-arroyo.md) _Context: Joseph Estrada, President of the Philippines_
6. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-law-in-the-whole-philippines-two.md) _Context: President of the Philippines_
7. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte is planning to seek the approval of the Congress of the Philippines to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao in response to the Marawi crisis) until the end of 2017. According to the 1987 revision of the Constitution, under Section 18 of Article VII, any martial law proclamation should not exceed a period of 60 days (Proclamation No. 216 officially ends on 22 July); and upon the initiative of the President, Congress (voting jointly, by a vote of at least a majority of all its Members in regular or special session) may extend the proclamation for a period to be determined by Congress, if the current situation still persists and public safety requires it. ](/news/2017/07/18/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-is-planning-to-seek-the-approval-of-the-congress-of-the-philippines-to-extend-proclamation-no.md) _Context: President of the Philippines_
8. [Former President of the Philippines Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III is indicted (among others) by the Office of the Ombudsman for his failure in handling the 2015 Mamasapano clash, which resulted in the deaths of 44 members of the Special Action Forces of the Philippine National Police. Aquino's legal team has vowed to appeal for a motion for reconsideration; as well as the group Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption (representing the victims' families), against what they call a "weak case" (citing Aquino's charges of "graft" & "usurpation of authority", instead of "reckless imprudence resulting in multiple homicide") ](/news/2017/07/14/former-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-noynoy-aquino-iii-is-indicted-among-others-by-the-office-of-the-ombudsman-for-his-failure-in.md) _Context: President of the Philippines_
9. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte threatens the ''Philippine Daily Inquirer'' with an expose. The newspaper has been a long-time ally of the politically prominent Aquino family (ever since the 1986 EDSA People Power Revolution), as well as the minority opposition Liberal Party (of which the Vice President of the Philippines Leni Robredo is its prominent member); both have been consistent in their criticisms of the Duterty presidency and its policies since its inauguration in 2016. ](/news/2017/07/1/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-the-philippine-daily-inquirer-with-an-exposa-c-the-newspaper-has-been-a-long-time.md) _Context: President of the Philippines_
10. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte makes another lengthy absence from any public appearance after missing the Independence Day celebrations earlier in June. Rumors about his health continue to circulate within the minority although government officials deny any issues. ](/news/2017/06/26/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-makes-another-lengthy-absence-from-any-public-appearance-after-missing-the-independence-day-cel.md) _Context: President of the Philippines_
