### [2007-09-12](/news/2007/09/12/index.md)

#   Tropical Depression Eight and Tropical Depression Nine form near the Lesser Antilles and Gulf of Mexico respectively. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2007/US/weather/09/12/ts.humberto/index.html?eref=rss_us)
2. [NOAA](http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/text/refresh/MIATCDAT3+shtml/121440.shtml?)
3. [NOAA](http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/text/refresh/MIATCDAT4+shtml/121447.shtml?)

### Related:

1. [ 2007 Atlantic hurricane season: Lorenzo strengthens into a hurricane and makes landfall on Mexico's Gulf coast. ](/news/2007/09/27/2007-atlantic-hurricane-season-lorenzo-strengthens-into-a-hurricane-and-makes-landfall-on-mexico-s-gulf-coast.md) _Context: 2007 Atlantic hurricane season, Gulf of Mexico_
2. [ 2007 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Dean becomes the first hurricane of the season, threatening the Lesser Antilles, while Tropical Storm Erin threatens Texas. At least five people died in thunderstorms resulting from Erin while another two people went missing. ](/news/2007/08/16/2007-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-dean-becomes-the-first-hurricane-of-the-season-threatening-the-lesser-antilles-while-tropical-s.md) _Context: 2007 Atlantic hurricane season, Lesser Antilles_
3. [Tropical Storm Colin forms in the Gulf of Mexico and is likely to hit Florida's Gulf Coast tomorrow. ](/news/2016/06/5/tropical-storm-colin-forms-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-and-is-likely-to-hit-florida-s-gulf-coast-tomorrow.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
4. [State oil company Petroleos Mexicanos reports the death toll has risen to  28 from Wednesday's explosion at Petroquimica Mexicana de Vinilo's Clorados 3 petrochemical plant in the Gulf port city of Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz. Some workers are still missing while 18 others remain hospitalized. Officials say the explosion came from an unspecified leak. The plant produces the hazardous industrial chemical vinyl chloride. ](/news/2016/04/22/state-oil-company-petroleos-mexicanos-reports-the-death-toll-has-risen-to-28-from-wednesday-s-explosion-at-petroquimica-mexicana-de-vinilo.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
5. [At least 24 people are killed, 136 others injured, and eight workers still missing from yesterday's blast at the major Clorados 3 petrochemical plant of Petroquimica Mexicana de Vinilo. Nineteen people remain hospitalized, with 13 in serious condition. The plant is run by Mexichem under agreement with Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex), the national petrochemical company, in Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz, Mexico, on the country's southern Gulf of Mexico coast. Pemex had an earlier fire at the same facility in February 2016 that killed one worker; also that month, an offshore Pemex Gulf platform fire killed two and injured eight. ](/news/2016/04/21/at-least-24-people-are-killed-136-others-injured-and-eight-workers-still-missing-from-yesterday-s-blast-at-the-major-clorados-3-petrochemi.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
6. [Nine Cuban migrants die and 18 others are rescued by the Royal Caribbean's ''Brilliance of the Seas'' cruise ship in the Gulf of Mexico, 130 miles west of Marco Island, Florida. The group had been sailing for 22 days in a 30-foot long "rustic" boat. The survivors were severely dehydrated and in poor condition. Those who had died were buried at sea. The cruise ship is taking the migrants to its next stop, the Mexican island of Cozumel. ](/news/2016/03/19/nine-cuban-migrants-die-and-18-others-are-rescued-by-the-royal-caribbean-s-brilliance-of-the-seas-cruise-ship-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-130.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
7. [The Obama administration announces it is cancelling plans to permit drilling for oil and gas off the southeastern U.S. Atlantic coast. A new plan involves 10 potential lease sales in the Gulf of Mexico and three off the coast of Alaska. ](/news/2016/03/15/the-obama-administration-announces-it-is-cancelling-plans-to-permit-drilling-for-oil-and-gas-off-the-southeastern-u-s-atlantic-coast-a-new.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
8. [The U.S. Justice Department files criminal charges against three individuals and three companies--Black Elk, Grand Isle Shipyard and oil field services company Wood Group--in connection with a 2012 oil platform incident in the Gulf of Mexico that left three workers dead. The charges range from manslaughter to violations of the federal Clean Water Act.  ](/news/2015/11/20/the-u-s-justice-department-files-criminal-charges-against-three-individuals-and-three-companies-black-elk-grand-isle-shipyard-and-oil-fie.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
9. [Five deaths occurred in Haiti as Tropical Storm Erika dumped heavy rains there, on the Dominican Republic, and on Puerto Rico. The storm weakened to a Tropical Depression before it hit Cuba (max winds 56 kph (35 mph), heading to the southeastern Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2015/08/29/five-deaths-occurred-in-haiti-as-tropical-storm-erika-dumped-heavy-rains-there-on-the-dominican-republic-and-on-puerto-rico-the-storm-wea.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
10. [London-based BP  agrees,  pending court approval, to pay $US18.7 billion to compensate the United States government and the five  Gulf Coast states--Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas--for damages stemming from the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill. The settlement includes a civil penalty of $US5.5 billion under the Clean Water Act. ](/news/2015/07/2/london-based-bp-agrees-pending-court-approval-to-pay-us18-7-billion-to-compensate-the-united-states-government-and-the-five-gulf-coast.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
