### [2011-06-8](/news/2011/06/8/index.md)

# 260 miles (420 km) of the Missouri River are closed to boaters as residents of the US states of Iowa, Nebraska and Missouri continue to prepare for heavy flooding, with rain in Montana making the situation worse. 

With the heaviest flooding yet to come, officials closed 260 miles of the Missouri River to boaters and residents from Iowa through Nebraska and Missouri were sandbagging on Wednesday to hold back the waters.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2011/06/09/us-usa-flooding-plains-idUSTRE75748J20110609)
1. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: Missouri, Montana_
2. [The United States Food and Drug Administration names Taylor Farms as the source of cyclospora parasite tainted salads that sickened 223 diners in the US states of Nebraska and Iowa. ](/news/2013/08/2/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-names-taylor-farms-as-the-source-of-cyclospora-parasite-tainted-salads-that-sickened-223-dine.md) _Context: Iowa, Nebraska_
3. [Evacuations are ordered in town of Hamburg in the US state of Iowa as the Missouri River partially breaches levee banks. ](/news/2011/06/5/evacuations-are-ordered-in-town-of-hamburg-in-the-us-state-of-iowa-as-the-missouri-river-partially-breaches-levee-banks.md) _Context: Iowa, Missouri River_
4. [The US National Weather Service issues a flash flood warning after the Missouri River breaches a levee near Hamburg, Iowa. ](/news/2011/06/13/the-us-national-weather-service-issues-a-flash-flood-warning-after-the-missouri-river-breaches-a-levee-near-hamburg-iowa.md) _Context: Iowa, Missouri River_
5. [ Missouri votes to ban same-sex marriage through a state constitutional amendment. The amendment passes with 72% of the vote. Louisiana will vote on the same issue September 18, followed by Arkansas, Georgia, Kentucky, Mississippi, Montana, Oklahoma, Oregon, and Utah on November 2. ](/news/2004/08/3/missouri-votes-to-ban-same-sex-marriage-through-a-state-constitutional-amendment-the-amendment-passes-with-72-of-the-vote-louisiana-will.md) _Context: Missouri, Montana_
6. [ California moves its 2020 presidential primary to March 3, making it fifth in the nominating process after Iowa, New Hampshire, Nevada, and South Carolina. The 2016 primary was held on June 7. ](/news/2017/09/27/california-moves-its-2020-presidential-primary-to-march-3-making-it-fifth-in-the-nominating-process-after-iowa-new-hampshire-nevada-and.md) _Context: Iowa_
7. [Montana congressman Greg Gianforte apologizes to journalist Ben Jacobs for the alleged body slam incident that occurred on May 24, and donates US$50,000 to the Committee to Protect Journalists. ](/news/2017/06/8/montana-congressman-greg-gianforte-apologizes-to-journalist-ben-jacobs-for-the-alleged-body-slam-incident-that-occurred-on-may-24-and-donat.md) _Context: Montana_
8. [Voters in Montana pick between Republican Greg Gianforte and Democrat Rob Quist in the special congressional election to replace Ryan Zinke, who is now President Trump's Secretary of the Interior. ](/news/2017/05/25/voters-in-montana-pick-between-republican-greg-gianforte-and-democrat-rob-quist-in-the-special-congressional-election-to-replace-ryan-zinke.md) _Context: Montana_
9. [A boiler explosion at a Missouri box company in St. Louis's historic Soulard neighborhood kills three people and injures four others. ](/news/2017/04/3/a-boiler-explosion-at-a-missouri-box-company-in-st-louis-s-historic-soulard-neighborhood-kills-three-people-and-injures-four-others.md) _Context: Missouri_
10. [At least 7 people are killed in the US states of Missouri, Arkansas and Texas due to tornadoes and floods. ](/news/2017/04/29/at-least-7-people-are-killed-in-the-us-states-of-missouri-arkansas-and-texas-due-to-tornadoes-and-floods.md) _Context: Missouri_
