### [2011-06-8](/news/2011/06/8/index.md)

# Major websites, such as Google, Facebook, and others, participate in World IPv6 Day. 

The Internet has been rolling along for decades on the strength of IPv4 and its numbering system, which has supplied billions of addresses. 


### Source:

1. [PC World](http://www.pcworld.com/businesscenter/article/229686/10_things_to_know_about_the_move_to_ipv6.html)
2. [World IPv6 Day](http://www.worldipv6day.org/faq/)
2. [Cover Image](http://images.pcworld.com/images/article/2011/06/ipv6_day_180-5181002.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The father of Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While generally free of liability under U.S. law which provides a legal "safe harbor" for content posted, this case targets the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015-paris-massacre-files-suit-in.md) _Context: Facebook, Google_
2. [The United States Federal Communications Commission rejects privacy advocacy group Consumer Watchdog's petition to make it illegal for Internet companies like Google, Facebook and ad providers to ignore "Do Not Track" browser settings. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-united-states-federal-communications-commission-rejects-privacy-advocacy-group-consumer-watchdog-s-petition-to-make-it-illegal-for-inter.md) _Context: Facebook, Google_
3. [The European Court of Justice decides an international agreement, generally known as a Safe Harbor rule, used by thousands of companies for moving people's digital data between the European Union and the United States is invalid, effective immediately. The decision throws into doubt how global technology giants like Facebook, Amazon and Google can collect, manage, and analyze online information from their millions of users in the 28-member bloc. Decisions by this court, the highest legal authority in the EU, cannot be appealed. ](/news/2015/10/6/the-european-court-of-justice-decides-an-international-agreement-generally-known-as-a-safe-harbor-rule-used-by-thousands-of-companies-for.md) _Context: Facebook, Google_
4. [The U.S. Justice Department and the Director of National Intelligence reach a preliminary joint agreement, likely resolving a lawsuit with the major American Internet provider companies (Google, Yahoo, Facebook, Microsoft, and LinkedIn), about the information the companies can release to customers regarding requests by the intelligence agencies for information. ](/news/2014/01/27/the-u-s-justice-department-and-the-director-of-national-intelligence-reach-a-preliminary-joint-agreement-likely-resolving-a-lawsuit-with-t.md) _Context: Facebook, Google_
5. [The Guardian obtains a copy of a document from April that reveals that the NSA is mining data using PRISM, spying on the e-mails and web activities of American citizens through direct access to Google, Apple, Microsoft, Facebook, YouTube, Skype, Yahoo, Paltalk and AOL. The Guardian's report does not state from whom they obtained the document. ](/news/2013/06/6/the-guardian-obtains-a-copy-of-a-document-from-april-that-reveals-that-the-nsa-is-mining-data-using-prism-spying-on-the-e-mails-and-web-act.md) _Context: Facebook, Google_
6. [Mark Zuckerberg of Facebook, Sergey Brin of Google and venture capitalist Yuri Milner jointly establish the Breakthrough Prize in Life Sciences to reward excellence in life sciences with 11 individual prizes of $3 million. ](/news/2013/02/20/mark-zuckerberg-of-facebook-sergey-brin-of-google-and-venture-capitalist-yuri-milner-jointly-establish-the-breakthrough-prize-in-life-scien.md) _Context: Facebook, Google_
7. [After the Egyptian government censorship of social media websites (such as Twitter, Facebook and Google), internet access and SMS networks are cut off in response to anti-government protests. ](/news/2011/01/28/after-the-egyptian-government-censorship-of-social-media-websites-such-as-twitter-facebook-and-google-internet-access-and-sms-networks-a.md) _Context: Facebook, Google_
8. [Paul Allen's company, Interval Licensing LLC, files a patent infringement lawsuit against Google, Apple Computer, AOL, eBay, Facebook, Netflix, Office Depot, OfficeMax, Staples Inc., Yahoo and YouTube. ](/news/2010/08/27/paul-allen-s-company-interval-licensing-llc-files-a-patent-infringement-lawsuit-against-google-apple-computer-aol-ebay-facebook-netfl.md) _Context: Facebook, Google_
9. [Facebook tells congressional investigators an operation, traced to a Russian company seeking to target voters, spent $100,000 on thousands of U.S. ads promoting divisive social and political messages during the 2016 U.S. election. ](/news/2017/09/6/facebook-tells-congressional-investigators-an-operation-traced-to-a-russian-company-seeking-to-target-voters-spent-100-000-on-thousands-o.md) _Context: Facebook_
10. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: Facebook_
