### [2009-09-12](/news/2009/09/12/index.md)

#  Eight people are swept away by flash floods and a ninth is killed by lightning as more thunderstorms lash southwestern Algeria. Five people are killed in storms in Morocco. 




### Source:

1. [IOL](http://www.int.iol.co.za/index.php?set_id=1&click_id=68&art_id=nw20090912174208949C638886)

### Related:

1. [Macedonia, Serbia, Croatia, and Slovenia shut their borders to so-called economic migrants, those not coming from war-torn countries such as Syria, Afghanistan, or Iraq, leaving thousands stranded at Balkan border crossings. Around 500 migrants from Iran, Morocco, and Algeria gather on the border between Greece and Macedonia to protest the closure. ](/news/2015/11/20/macedonia-serbia-croatia-and-slovenia-shut-their-borders-to-so-called-economic-migrants-those-not-coming-from-war-torn-countries-such-as.md) _Context: Algeria, Morocco_
2. [A ship bound from Libya, the "Al-Amal", due to deliver humanitarian aid from Algeria, Morocco and Nigeria to the Gaza Strip, changes course for Egypt after being warned to stay away by the Israeli Navy and receiving pressure from the United States to "act responsibly". ](/news/2010/07/13/a-ship-bound-from-libya-the-al-amal-due-to-deliver-humanitarian-aid-from-algeria-morocco-and-nigeria-to-the-gaza-strip-changes-course.md) _Context: Algeria, Morocco_
3. [ Tomihiro Taniguchi, Deputy Director-General of the International Atomic Energy Agency, announces that Algeria, Egypt, Morocco and Saudi Arabia, and possibly Tunisia and the United Arab Emirates, will launch nuclear programs for desalination. A proliferation expert asserts the real reason behind the programs is for a "security hedge." ](/news/2006/11/4/tomihiro-taniguchi-deputy-director-general-of-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-announces-that-algeria-egypt-morocco-and-saudi-ara.md) _Context: Algeria, Morocco_
4. [ In Rabat, Morocco, some 30.000 protesters march to call for release of prisoners of war held by Polisario in Algeria. ](/news/2005/03/6/in-rabat-morocco-some-30-000-protesters-march-to-call-for-release-of-prisoners-of-war-held-by-polisario-in-algeria.md) _Context: Algeria, Morocco_
5. [ Experts and officials from Interpol and 19 countries met Tuesday in Burkina Faso to elaborate a strategy to combat terrorism and crime in Africa. Countries participating included France, the United States, Britain, Morocco, Algeria, Egypt, Turkey, Senegal, Burkina Faso, Chad, Sudan, Cte d'Ivoire, Lesotho, Zimbabwe, Cambodia, Benin, Burundi, Togo and Mauritania. ](/news/2004/09/22/experts-and-officials-from-interpol-and-19-countries-met-tuesday-in-burkina-faso-to-elaborate-a-strategy-to-combat-terrorism-and-crime-in-a.md) _Context: Algeria, Morocco_
6. [ The INS registration deadline for males in the United States aged 16 and older from Afghanistan, Algeria, Bahrain, Eritrea, Lebanon, Morocco, North Korea, Oman, Qatar, Somalia, Tunisia, United Arab Emirates and Yemen. A controversial Bush administration policy designed to capture terrorists requires all such men to submit to "special registration" procedures consisting of fingerprinting, photographing, and lengthy interviews concerning their whereabouts, associations, and activities.](/news/2003/01/10/the-ins-registration-deadline-for-males-in-the-united-states-aged-16-and-older-from-afghanistan-algeria-bahrain-eritrea-lebanon-morocc.md) _Context: Algeria, Morocco_
7. [Approximately fifty migrants are feared drowned off the coast of Morocco. Three men were rescued near Alboran Island near the coast of Spain. ](/news/2017/07/4/approximately-fifty-migrants-are-feared-drowned-off-the-coast-of-morocco-three-men-were-rescued-near-alboran-island-near-the-coast-of-spain.md) _Context: Morocco_
8. [The oldest fossil records of "Homo sapiens" are discovered in Jebel Irhoud, Morocco, dated at between 300,000 and 350,000 years old. The earliest "Homo sapiens" fossils had been dated as 200,000 years old. ](/news/2017/06/7/the-oldest-fossil-records-of-homo-sapiens-are-discovered-in-jebel-irhoud-morocco-dated-at-between-300-000-and-350-000-years-old-the-ear.md) _Context: Morocco_
9. [Voter turnout is predicted to be low as Algerians go to the polls to elect members of the People's National Assembly. ](/news/2017/05/4/voter-turnout-is-predicted-to-be-low-as-algerians-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-members-of-the-people-s-national-assembly.md) _Context: Algeria_
10. [The Moroccan Assembly of Representatives votes 208 to 91 in favor of approving of a coalition cabinet led by Saadeddine Othmani. ](/news/2017/04/26/the-moroccan-assembly-of-representatives-votes-208-to-91-in-favor-of-approving-of-a-coalition-cabinet-led-by-saadeddine-othmani.md) _Context: Morocco_
