### [2011-11-21](/news/2011/11/21/index.md)

# The President of Russia Dmitry Medvedev states that the decision to go to war with Georgia in 2008 prevented the eastward enlargement of NATO. 

NATO would have expanded by now to admit ex-Soviet republics if Russia had not invaded Georgia in 2008 to defend a rebel region, Russian President Dmitry Medvedev said on Monday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/2011/11/21/idINIndia-60645720111121)

### Related:

1. [ 2008 South Ossetia war:. President of Russia Dmitry Medvedev and President of France Nicolas Sarkozy announced after talks in Moscow that an agreement to pull Russian forces from Georgia within a month has been reached. The agreement has become possible as EU will send 200 civilian monitors to the area and guarantee that Georgia signs a pledge to not use military force in Abkhazia and South Ossetia again. ](/news/2008/09/8/2008-south-ossetia-war-president-of-russia-dmitry-medvedev-and-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-announced-after-talks-in-moscow-that-a.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Dmitry Medvedev, Georgian, Russian President Vladimir Putin_
2. [ 2008 South Ossetia war:. According to general staff in Moscow, Russia has begun troop withdrawals from Georgia, following a pledge by President Dmitry Medvedev. However, 'Moscow saying it has the right to keep some troops as peacekeepers in a buffer zone around South Ossetia'. ](/news/2008/08/18/2008-south-ossetia-war-according-to-general-staff-in-moscow-russia-has-begun-troop-withdrawals-from-georgia-following-a-pledge-by-presi.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Dmitry Medvedev, Georgian, Russian President Vladimir Putin_
3. [Russian President Dmitry Medvedev arrives in Abkhazia on his first visit there since the territory declared independence from Georgia two years ago. ](/news/2010/08/8/russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-arrives-in-abkhazia-on-his-first-visit-there-since-the-territory-declared-independence-from-georgia-two-ye.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, Georgian, Russian President Vladimir Putin_
4. [ 2008 South Ossetia war:. The Federation Council of Russia, the upper house of the Federal Assembly, urges the President to recognise the independence of Georgia's breakaway regions of Abkhazia and South Ossetia. ](/news/2008/08/25/2008-south-ossetia-war-the-federation-council-of-russia-the-upper-house-of-the-federal-assembly-urges-the-president-to-recognise-the-in.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgian, Russian President Vladimir Putin_
5. [ 2008 South Ossetia war:. The Russian President Dmitry Medvedev announces a national day of mourning in Russia in connection with the Battle of Tskhinvali and the death of a large number of Russian citizens there. Georgian Orthodox Church Patriarch Ilia II announced the national day of mourning for soldiers and civilians who died during the 2008 South Ossetia war. ](/news/2008/08/13/2008-south-ossetia-war-the-russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-announces-a-national-day-of-mourning-in-russia-in-connection-with-the-battle.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Dmitry Medvedev, Russian President Vladimir Putin_
6. [ 2008 South Ossetia war:. President of Russia Dmitry Medvedev announced that the operation of Russian forces in South Ossetia is completed. He added that 'The aggressor has been punished, having sustained considerable losses. Its armed forces have been disorganised'. Medvedev also ordered the Russian Ministry of Defence to consider awarding the peacekeepers and military personnel that have 'showed their best' during the operation. ](/news/2008/08/12/2008-south-ossetia-war-president-of-russia-dmitry-medvedev-announced-that-the-operation-of-russian-forces-in-south-ossetia-is-completed.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Dmitry Medvedev, Russian President Vladimir Putin_
7. [Russo-Georgian War. Georgia welcomes the ICC's investigation into alleged war crimes committed during the 2008 South Ossetia war, which will be the first inquiry by the ICC into possible abuses by Moscow and/or Georgia. ](/news/2016/01/28/russo-georgian-war-georgia-welcomes-the-icc-s-investigation-into-alleged-war-crimes-committed-during-the-2008-south-ossetia-war-which-will.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Georgian_
8. [Russian President Vladimir Putin's personal envoy warns Finland against joining NATO. ](/news/2014/06/9/russian-president-vladimir-putin-s-personal-envoy-warns-finland-against-joining-nato.md) _Context: Enlargement of NATO, Russian President Vladimir Putin_
9. [Kofi Annan and a special UN peace envoy meet with President of Russia Dmitry Medvedev to discuss adopting a harder stance on Syria and Bashar al-Assad. ](/news/2012/03/25/kofi-annan-and-a-special-un-peace-envoy-meet-with-president-of-russia-dmitry-medvedev-to-discuss-adopting-a-harder-stance-on-syria-and-basha.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, Russian President Vladimir Putin_
10. [The President of Russia Dmitry Medvedev commences a two-day visit to Germany. ](/news/2011/07/18/the-president-of-russia-dmitry-medvedev-commences-a-two-day-visit-to-germany.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, Russian President Vladimir Putin_
