### [2010-04-18](/news/2010/04/18/index.md)

# The Dow Live Earth Run for Water started on April 18th. The host cities are: Buenos Aires, Cape Town, Chicago, Hong Kong, Jimbaran, London, Los Angeles, Manchester, Melbourne, Mexico City, Milan, Minneapolis, New York, Lisboa, Rio de Janeiro, SGBPo Paulo, Singapore City, Stockholm, Toronto and Washington, D.C.. 




### Source:

1. [Live Earth](http://liveearth.org/run)
2. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/gore-takes-cash-for-water-campaign-from-chemical-firm-1947723.html)

### Related:

1. [2014 Ferguson unrest: Death of Eric Garner: Demonstrations continue for a third day in New York City, Boston, Chicago, Cleveland, Jacksonville, Miami, and Washington, D.C. where protesters perform "die-ins" over the deaths of Michael Brown and Eric Garner. ](/news/2014/12/6/2014-ferguson-unrest-death-of-eric-garner-demonstrations-continue-for-a-third-day-in-new-york-city-boston-chicago-cleveland-jacksonvil.md) _Context: Chicago, New York City, Washington, D.C._
2. [ The Colombian diaspora celebrates Colombia's Independence Day with concerts and marches against violence, kidnapping and the FARC in Bogot, Leticia, the country's other 1,119 cities and municipalities, and events in cities around the world including Paris (attended by Ingrid Betancourt), London, Washington, D.C., New York City and Miami. ](/news/2008/07/20/the-colombian-diaspora-celebrates-colombia-s-independence-day-with-concerts-and-marches-against-violence-kidnapping-and-the-farc-in-bogota.md) _Context: London, New York City, Washington, D.C._
3. [Hyperloop: SpaceX CEO Elon Musk says he has received federal government approval for The Boring Company to build an underground 760mph Hyperloop that will connect New York City and Washington, D.C.. ](/news/2017/07/20/hyperloop-spacex-ceo-elon-musk-says-he-has-received-federal-government-approval-for-the-boring-company-to-build-an-underground-760mph-hyper.md) _Context: New York City, Washington, D.C._
4. [Anti-Trump protests: Protests and riots against president-elect Donald Trump take place in Portland, Los Angeles, New York City, and Atlanta, leading to the arrests of over 225 people. ](/news/2016/11/11/anti-trump-protests-protests-and-riots-against-president-elect-donald-trump-take-place-in-portland-los-angeles-new-york-city-and-atlanta.md) _Context: Los Angeles, New York City_
5. [British activists with the Black Lives Matter movement from America block the road to Heathrow Airport and to streets in Manchester, Birmingham, and Nottingham, marking the fifth anniversary of the deadly police shooting of Mark Duggan in north London. Ten protestors are arrested. ](/news/2016/08/5/british-activists-with-the-black-lives-matter-movement-from-america-block-the-road-to-heathrow-airport-and-to-streets-in-manchester-birming.md) _Context: London, Manchester_
6. [Singapore Airlines Flight 368: A Singapore Airlines Boeing 777-300ER en-route to Milan's Malpensa Airport makes an emergency landing at Singapore's Changi Airport after the pilots received an engine oil warning message, whereafter the plane's right engine caught fire. Singapore Changi Airport's aircraft rescue and firefighting services extinguished the fire and Singapore Airlines confirmed that all 222 passengers and 19 crew members evacuated safely. ](/news/2016/06/27/singapore-airlines-flight-368-a-singapore-airlines-boeing-777-300er-en-route-to-milan-s-malpensa-airport-makes-an-emergency-landing-at-sing.md) _Context: Milan, Singapore_
7. [Gun politics in the United States: The U.S. Supreme Court declines to review assault weapons bans in Connecticut and New York, as it did last December concerning Chicago, Illinois, city law. Five other states and Washington, D.C. have similar restrictions. ](/news/2016/06/20/gun-politics-in-the-united-states-the-u-s-supreme-court-declines-to-review-assault-weapons-bans-in-connecticut-and-new-york-as-it-did-las.md) _Context: Chicago, Washington, D.C._
8. [LGBT rights in the United States: A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/lgbt-rights-in-the-united-states-a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminato.md) _Context: New York City, Washington, D.C._
9. [Brazilians go to the streets in SGBPo Paulo, Rio de Janeiro and other cities to claim against the rise of the public transport fee, being part of the 2013 protests in Brazil.](/news/2013/06/17/brazilians-go-to-the-streets-in-sagbpo-paulo-rio-de-janeiro-and-other-cities-to-claim-against-the-rise-of-the-public-transport-fee-being-p.md) _Context: Rio de Janeiro, SGBPo Paulo_
10. [Singapore, Vietnam, Indonesia and Hong Kong ban poultry imports from the Australian state of Victoria while Japan bans imports from the whole of Australia following an outbreak of a low pathogenic form of the avian influenza (separate from the potentially deadly H5N1 strain).](/news/2012/02/1/singapore-vietnam-indonesia-and-hong-kong-ban-poultry-imports-from-the-australian-state-of-victoria-while-japan-bans-imports-from-the-whol.md) _Context: Hong Kong, Singapore_
