
Formats: [HTML](/news/2018/03/27/malaysian-maritime-enforcement-agency-mmea-expands-the-search-area-to-560-square-nautical-miles-for-nine-crewmen-missing-since-march-21-fr.html)  [JSON](/news/2018/03/27/malaysian-maritime-enforcement-agency-mmea-expands-the-search-area-to-560-square-nautical-miles-for-nine-crewmen-missing-since-march-21-fr.json)  [XML](/news/2018/03/27/malaysian-maritime-enforcement-agency-mmea-expands-the-search-area-to-560-square-nautical-miles-for-nine-crewmen-missing-since-march-21-fr.xml)  

### [2018-03-27](/news/2018/03/27/index.md)

##### Malaysian Maritime Enforcement Agency
# Malaysian Maritime Enforcement Agency (MMEA) expands the search area to 560 square nautical miles for nine crewmen missing since March 21 from a capsized sand dredger off the coast of Malaysia. MMEA requests for the Indonesian National Search and Rescue Agency to assist in the operation. 

 JOHOR BAHRU, March 27&nbsp;—&nbsp;The search and rescue (SAR) operation to look for nine missing crew members of the capsized sand-dredging vessel, JBB Rong Chang 8, was expanded today. Malaysian Maritime Enforcement Agency (MMEA) Southern Region deputy


### Sources:

1. [The Malay Mail](http://www.themalaymailonline.com/malaysia/article/search-area-expanded-for-capsized-sand-dredger)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.themalaymailonline.com/uploads/articles/2018/2018-03/JBB_Rong_Chang_8_2103_(2).jpg)

### Related:

1. [A Malaysian oil tanker, MT "Vier Harmoni", is hijacked off the coast of Malaysia and is believed to have been taken to Indonesian waters near the island of Batam, according to the Malaysian Maritime Enforcement Agency. The identity of the hijackers is not yet known. ](/news/2016/08/17/a-malaysian-oil-tanker-mt-vier-harmoni-is-hijacked-off-the-coast-of-malaysia-and-is-believed-to-have-been-taken-to-indonesian-waters-nea.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia, Malaysian Maritime Enforcement Agency_
2. [An overloaded wooden boat with Sumatra-bound migrants sinks off the coast of Malaysia killing at least 15 people, 13 of which are women. Nearby fisherman rescue 19 people with more than 40 missing. The Malaysian Maritime Enforcement Agency states that the boat was taking migrant workers home to Tanjung Balai in Indonesia's Sumatra province for the Hari Raya Haji celebration. ](/news/2015/09/3/an-overloaded-wooden-boat-with-sumatra-bound-migrants-sinks-off-the-coast-of-malaysia-killing-at-least-15-people-13-of-which-are-women-nea.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia, Malaysian Maritime Enforcement Agency_
3. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia_
4. [Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines begin joint patrols in the pirate havens within the Celebes and Sulu Seas. ](/news/2017/06/19/indonesia-malaysia-and-the-philippines-begin-joint-patrols-in-the-pirate-havens-within-the-celebes-and-sulu-seas.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia_
5. [In 2015, more than 100,000 people in Indonesia, Malaysia, and Singapore may have died as a result of forest fires in Southeast Asia. The continued poor air quality also continues to affect the health of more than 42 million Indonesians. ](/news/2016/09/19/in-2015-more-than-100-000-people-in-indonesia-malaysia-and-singapore-may-have-died-as-a-result-of-forest-fires-in-southeast-asia-the-con.md) _Context: Indonesia, Malaysia_
