### [2008-10-13](/news/2008/10/13/index.md)

#  The U.S. Federal Reserve approves the merger of Wells Fargo and Wachovia after Citigroup withdraws the legal case in a New York federal court to put a hold on the merger.




### Related:

1. [A watchdog group releases a report that details write-downs of $19 billion on more than 168,000 properties by five United States banks. Under terms of a federal and state settlement of foreclosure-processing violations reached one year ago in March, Bank of America lost the most and had $13.5 billion in homeowner debts written off. The other banks are Citigroup Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo & Co, and Ally Financial Inc. ](/news/2013/02/21/a-watchdog-group-releases-a-report-that-details-write-downs-of-19-billion-on-more-than-168-000-properties-by-five-united-states-banks-unde.md) _Context: Citigroup, Wells Fargo_
2. [For $8.5 billion, ten banks settle to stop mortgage foreclosure process audits. The United States government regulators had been engaged in a loan-by-loan review of home loan practices during the Great Recession. Bank of America, Citigroup Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo & Co, MetLife Bank, Aurora Bank FSB, PNC Financial Services Group Inc, Sovereign Bank NA, SunTrust Banks Inc, and U.S. Bancorp settle with regulators to pay out cash up to $125,000 to homeowners whose homes were being foreclosed when the paperwork problems emerged. Further, Bank of America agrees to pay $11.6 billion to government mortgage finance company Fannie Mae. ](/news/2013/01/7/for-8-5-billion-ten-banks-settle-to-stop-mortgage-foreclosure-process-audits-the-united-states-government-regulators-had-been-engaged-in.md) _Context: Citigroup, Wells Fargo_
3. [The U.S. Financial Industry Regulatory Authority fines several companies, including Wells Fargo, RBC Capital Markets, and LPL Financial, a combined $14.4 million for record-keeping problems that could  have allowed company and customer documents to be altered. ](/news/2016/12/21/the-u-s-financial-industry-regulatory-authority-fines-several-companies-including-wells-fargo-rbc-capital-markets-and-lpl-financial-a-c.md) _Context: Wells Fargo_
4. [The scandal over improper practices of unauthorized accounts at Wells Fargo extends to thousands of small-business owners. ](/news/2016/10/4/the-scandal-over-improper-practices-of-unauthorized-accounts-at-wells-fargo-extends-to-thousands-of-small-business-owners.md) _Context: Wells Fargo_
5. [John Stumpf resigns as CEO and chairman of Wells Fargo amid a scandal over its sales practices. ](/news/2016/10/12/john-stumpf-resigns-as-ceo-and-chairman-of-wells-fargo-amid-a-scandal-over-its-sales-practices.md) _Context: Wells Fargo_
6. [International banking company Wells Fargo agrees to pay $190 million, including $100 million to the U.S. Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (largest ever for the agency), to settle a case involving deceptive sales that pushed customers into fee-generating accounts they never requested. The bank fired 5,300 employees over "inappropriate sales conduct." The firings took place over a five-year period. ](/news/2016/09/8/international-banking-company-wells-fargo-agrees-to-pay-190-million-including-100-million-to-the-u-s-consumer-financial-protection-burea.md) _Context: Wells Fargo_
7. [German tax authorities are investigating Citigroup over its use of a "dividend stripping" strategy, which allowed both the buyer and seller of a stock to claim the tax credits. ](/news/2016/03/22/german-tax-authorities-are-investigating-citigroup-over-its-use-of-a-dividend-stripping-strategy-which-allowed-both-the-buyer-and-seller.md) _Context: Citigroup_
8. [In New York City, U.S. district court judge Thomas Griesa expands the force of his existing remedial rulings in the ongoing litigation over the Argentine debt restructuring, blocking planned bond payments by Citigroup. The Citigroup processing of payments would violate a requirement that Argentina treat bondholders equally. ](/news/2015/03/12/in-new-york-city-u-s-district-court-judge-thomas-griesa-expands-the-force-of-his-existing-remedial-rulings-in-the-ongoing-litigation-over.md) _Context: Citigroup_
9. [Fannie Mae files a lawsuit for $800 million against nine different banks, including Citigroup and Bank of America, for manipulating the Libor benchmark interest rate. ](/news/2013/11/1/fannie-mae-files-a-lawsuit-for-800-million-against-nine-different-banks-including-citigroup-and-bank-of-america-for-manipulating-the-libo.md) _Context: Citigroup_
10. [Portugal's treasury secretary Joaquim Pais Jorge resigns after media reports and opposition politicians questioned his previous role at Citigroup. ](/news/2013/08/7/portugal-s-treasury-secretary-joaquim-pais-jorge-resigns-after-media-reports-and-opposition-politicians-questioned-his-previous-role-at-citi.md) _Context: Citigroup_
