### [2006-10-14](/news/2006/10/14/index.md)

#  Chelsea FC goalkeepers Petr Cech and Carlo Cudicini both suffered serious injuries in a game against Reading FC. Cech suffered a depressed fracture of the skull after colliding with Reading midfielder Stephen Hunt. The injury kept him out of action until January 20, 2007. Cudicini suffered concussion after colliding with Reading defender Ibrahima Sonko as the ball curled in from a corner. John Terry took the position as goalkeeper for the remainder of the game.




### Related:

1. [Attorneys for 80-year old American pro football legend and Hall of Famer Paul Hornung, who has dementia, sue Riddell sports equipment manufacturer, stating its helmets failed to protect Hornung from brain injury. The suit says Hornung suffered multiple concussions as a player and his neurodegenerative disease has been linked to repetitive head trauma. ](/news/2016/07/7/attorneys-for-80-year-old-american-pro-football-legend-and-hall-of-famer-paul-hornung-who-has-dementia-sue-riddell-sports-equipment-manufa.md) _Context: concussion_
2. [Judge Anita B. Brody of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania approves a preliminary settlement between the National Football League and lawyers for 4,500 former players over damages caused by concussion. ](/news/2014/07/7/judge-anita-b-brody-of-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-eastern-district-of-pennsylvania-approves-a-preliminary-settlement-between.md) _Context: concussion_
3. [U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is hospitalized after doctors discover a blood clot related to the concussion she suffered earlier this month. ](/news/2012/12/30/u-s-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-is-hospitalized-after-doctors-discover-a-blood-clot-related-to-the-concussion-she-suffered-earlier-t.md) _Context: concussion_
4. [Roman Abramovich, the owner of Chelsea FC, wins his legal action against fellow Russian oligarch Boris Berezovsky. ](/news/2012/08/31/roman-abramovich-the-owner-of-chelsea-fc-wins-his-legal-action-against-fellow-russian-oligarch-boris-berezovsky.md) _Context: Chelsea FC_
5. [John Terry is found not guilty of racially abusing Anton Ferdinand. ](/news/2012/07/13/john-terry-is-found-not-guilty-of-racially-abusing-anton-ferdinand.md) _Context: John Terry_
6. [UEFA Euro 2012:UEFA Euro 2012's off-day is dominated by the fall-out of yesterday's ghost goal scored by Ukraine against England, with John Terry hooking the ball from behind the goal line after a shot by Marko Devic under the eyes of the additional assistant beside the goal. ](/news/2012/06/20/uefa-euro-2012-puefa-euro-2012-s-off-day-is-dominated-by-the-fall-out-of-yesterday-s-ghost-goal-scored-by-ukraine-against-england-with-john.md) _Context: John Terry_
7. [UEFA Euro 2012:The debate surrounding goal-line technology resurfaces as co-hosts Ukraine are denied an apparent goal in controversial circumstances against England, with John Terry hooking the ball from behind the goal line after a shot by Marko Devic under the eyes of the fifth official beside the goal. Wayne Rooney's header in the second half carries England through at the Donbass Arena in Donetsk. ](/news/2012/06/19/uefa-euro-2012-pthe-debate-surrounding-goal-line-technology-resurfaces-as-co-hosts-ukraine-are-denied-an-apparent-goal-in-controversial-circ.md) _Context: John Terry_
8. [Lady Gaga suffers a concussion after smacking her head with a pole during a show in New Zealand. ](/news/2012/06/11/lady-gaga-suffers-a-concussion-after-smacking-her-head-with-a-pole-during-a-show-in-new-zealand.md) _Context: concussion_
9. [In the UEFA Champions League semi-final, Chelsea pull off a remarkable comeback against FC Barcelona at the Camp Nou, coming back from two goals down despite having captain John Terry sent off, central defender Gary Cahill injured in the opening minutes and Didier Drogba's concession of a penalty to Lionel Messi which hits the crossbar. Chelsea are left without the suspended quartet of Terry, Ramires, Branislav Ivanovic and Raul Meireles for the final at the Allianz Arena. ](/news/2012/04/24/in-the-uefa-champions-league-semi-final-chelsea-pull-off-a-remarkable-comeback-against-fc-barcelona-at-the-camp-nou-coming-back-from-two-g.md) _Context: John Terry_
10. [The Football Association removes John Terry as captain of the England national football team over allegations of racial abuse of Anton Ferdinand during a match. ](/news/2012/02/3/the-football-association-removes-john-terry-as-captain-of-the-england-national-football-team-over-allegations-of-racial-abuse-of-anton-ferdi.md) _Context: John Terry_
