### [2013-11-1](/news/2013/11/1/index.md)

# Fannie Mae files a lawsuit for $800 million against nine different banks, including Citigroup and Bank of America, for manipulating the Libor benchmark interest rate. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg via SFGate](http://www.sfgate.com/business/bloomberg/article/Fannie-Mae-Sues-Banks-for-800-Million-Over-Libor-4946063.php)

### Related:

1. [A watchdog group releases a report that details write-downs of $19 billion on more than 168,000 properties by five United States banks. Under terms of a federal and state settlement of foreclosure-processing violations reached one year ago in March, Bank of America lost the most and had $13.5 billion in homeowner debts written off. The other banks are Citigroup Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo & Co, and Ally Financial Inc. ](/news/2013/02/21/a-watchdog-group-releases-a-report-that-details-write-downs-of-19-billion-on-more-than-168-000-properties-by-five-united-states-banks-unde.md) _Context: Bank of America, Citigroup, United States dollars_
2. [For $8.5 billion, ten banks settle to stop mortgage foreclosure process audits. The United States government regulators had been engaged in a loan-by-loan review of home loan practices during the Great Recession. Bank of America, Citigroup Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo & Co, MetLife Bank, Aurora Bank FSB, PNC Financial Services Group Inc, Sovereign Bank NA, SunTrust Banks Inc, and U.S. Bancorp settle with regulators to pay out cash up to $125,000 to homeowners whose homes were being foreclosed when the paperwork problems emerged. Further, Bank of America agrees to pay $11.6 billion to government mortgage finance company Fannie Mae. ](/news/2013/01/7/for-8-5-billion-ten-banks-settle-to-stop-mortgage-foreclosure-process-audits-the-united-states-government-regulators-had-been-engaged-in.md) _Context: Bank of America, Citigroup, Fannie Mae_
3. [Deutsche Bank pays $2.5 billion to settle an investigation by the United States and the United Kingdom related to manipulation of the Libor or  London Interbank Offered Rate. It will also plead guilty in a US court case. ](/news/2015/04/23/deutsche-bank-pays-2-5-billion-to-settle-an-investigation-by-the-united-states-and-the-united-kingdom-related-to-manipulation-of-the-libor.md) _Context: LIBOR scandal, Libor_
4. [Former Barclays chief executive Bob Diamond is set to be paid about PS2m ($3m) in July, a year after he left the bank following its Libor interest rate fixing scandal. ](/news/2013/03/8/former-barclays-chief-executive-bob-diamond-is-set-to-be-paid-about-aps2m-3m-in-july-a-year-after-he-left-the-bank-following-its-libor-in.md) _Context: LIBOR scandal, Libor_
5. [Authorities in the United States and United Kingdom fine The Royal Bank of Scotland more than $612 million for its role in manipulating the London Interbank Offered Rate or Libor. ](/news/2013/02/6/authorities-in-the-united-states-and-united-kingdom-fine-the-royal-bank-of-scotland-more-than-612-million-for-its-role-in-manipulating-the.md) _Context: LIBOR scandal, Libor_
6. [Banking giant UBS is fined $1.5 billion for attempting to manipulate the Libor interbank lending rate, becoming the second international bank, after Barclays, to be fined over the Libor scandal. ](/news/2012/12/19/banking-giant-ubs-is-fined-1-5-billion-for-attempting-to-manipulate-the-libor-interbank-lending-rate-becoming-the-second-international-ban.md) _Context: LIBOR scandal, Libor_
7. [The Treasury Committee of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom releases the first volume of a planned two-volume report on the LIBOR fixing scandal. ](/news/2012/08/18/the-treasury-committee-of-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-releases-the-first-volume-of-a-planned-two-volume-report-on-the-libor-f.md) _Context: LIBOR scandal, Libor_
8. [Moody's downgrades the credit rating of 15 major world banks: UK (The Royal Bank of Scotland, Barclays and HSBC), US (Bank of America, Citigroup, Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan), Rest of world (Credit Suisse, UBS, BNP Paribas, Credit Agricole, Societe Generale, Deutsche Bank, Royal Bank of Canada and Morgan Stanley). ](/news/2012/06/21/moody-s-downgrades-the-credit-rating-of-15-major-world-banks-uk-the-royal-bank-of-scotland-barclays-and-hsbc-us-bank-of-america-citig.md) _Context: Bank of America, Citigroup_
9. [ Bank of America, Citigroup and JPMorgan Chase agree to a US$75 billion plan designed to heal the credit markets. ](/news/2007/11/12/bank-of-america-citigroup-and-jpmorgan-chase-agree-to-a-us-75-billion-plan-designed-to-heal-the-credit-markets.md) _Context: Bank of America, Citigroup_
10. [Bank of America chooses Dublin as its European hub. ](/news/2017/07/22/bank-of-america-chooses-dublin-as-its-european-hub.md) _Context: Bank of America_
