### [2013-11-1](/news/2013/11/1/index.md)

# The smartphone wars are re-ignited, as Rockstar Consortium, a company owned by companies including Apple and Microsoft, starts wide-ranging legal action against Google, Samsung, and other makers of Android phones. 

The group that owns thousands of former Nortel patents filed a barrage of patent lawsuits on Thursday against cell phone manufacturers including Google, the company it outbid in the Nortel bankruptcy auction.


### Source:

1. [Ars Technica](http://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2013/10/patent-war-goes-nuclear-microsoft-apple-owned-rockstar-sues-google/)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/10/31/us-google-rockstar-lawsuit-idUSBRE99U1EN20131031)

### Related:

1. [Google and Samsung have asked an agency of the government of the People's Republic of China to impose limiting conditions on a proposed merger of Microsoft and Nokia. ](/news/2014/03/3/google-and-samsung-have-asked-an-agency-of-the-government-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-to-impose-limiting-conditions-on-a-proposed-merg.md) _Context: Google, Microsoft, Samsung_
2. [PRISM (U.S. government surveillance program):. The Guardian obtains a copy of a document from April that reveals that the NSA is mining data using PRISM, spying on the e-mails and web activities of American citizens through direct access to Google, Apple, Microsoft, Facebook, YouTube, Skype, Yahoo, Paltalk and AOL. The Guardian's report does not state from whom they obtained the document. ](/news/2013/06/6/prism-u-s-government-surveillance-program-the-guardian-obtains-a-copy-of-a-document-from-april-that-reveals-that-the-nsa-is-mining-data.md) _Context: Apple Inc., Google, Microsoft_
3. [A U.S. appeals court has overturned a district court order that had banned the sale of Samsung's Galaxy Nexus in the US, delivering a winning round for Google's Android against Apple Inc.. ](/news/2012/10/11/a-u-s-appeals-court-has-overturned-a-district-court-order-that-had-banned-the-sale-of-samsung-s-galaxy-nexus-in-the-us-delivering-a-winnin.md) _Context: Apple Inc., Google, Samsung_
4. [Apple's chief patent lawyer is leaving the company, Reuters reports, amidst a slew of patent-related conflicts with Google, Samsung, Nokia, others. ](/news/2011/07/12/apple-s-chief-patent-lawyer-is-leaving-the-company-reuters-reports-amidst-a-slew-of-patent-related-conflicts-with-google-samsung-nokia.md) _Context: Apple Inc., Google, Samsung_
5. [The U.S. Supreme Court hears arguments in a patent dispute between Apple Inc. and Samsung concerning both company's smart phone designs (Samsung Electronics v. Apple (15-777)). ](/news/2016/10/11/the-u-s-supreme-court-hears-arguments-in-a-patent-dispute-between-apple-inc-and-samsung-concerning-both-company-s-smart-phone-designs-sam.md) _Context: Apple Inc., Samsung_
6. [Bloomberg News reports Verizon Communications plans a bid for Yahoo Inc.-s Web business, including Yahoo Japan Corp., next week. Google, Time Inc., and private equity funds Bain and TPG are considering bidding for Yahoo-s core business. AT&T Inc., Comcast, and Microsoft Corp. reportedly aren't interested. ](/news/2016/04/7/bloomberg-news-reports-verizon-communications-plans-a-bid-for-yahoo-inc-s-web-business-including-yahoo-japan-corp-next-week-google-t.md) _Context: Google, Microsoft_
7. [A federal appeals court rules in favor of Samsung on several issues arising out of that company's long-running patent dispute with Apple, overturning a $120 million jury verdict in Apple's favor in 2014. ](/news/2016/02/26/a-federal-appeals-court-rules-in-favor-of-samsung-on-several-issues-arising-out-of-that-company-s-long-running-patent-dispute-with-apple-ov.md) _Context: Apple Inc., Samsung_
8. [Samsung concedes to surrender $548 million to Apple Inc. over previously court-held ruling in patent dispute over copying the look of the iPhone. ](/news/2015/12/3/samsung-concedes-to-surrender-548-million-to-apple-inc-over-previously-court-held-ruling-in-patent-dispute-over-copying-the-look-of-the-ip.md) _Context: Apple Inc., Samsung_
9. [In the United States, the NASDAQ and S&P 500 end at record highs spurred by strong results by tech giants Google, Amazon and Microsoft. ](/news/2015/04/24/in-the-united-states-the-nasdaq-and-s-p-500-end-at-record-highs-spurred-by-strong-results-by-tech-giants-google-amazon-and-microsoft.md) _Context: Google, Microsoft_
10. [The U.S. Justice Department and the Director of National Intelligence reach a preliminary joint agreement, likely resolving a lawsuit with the major American Internet provider companies (Google, Yahoo, Facebook, Microsoft, and LinkedIn), about the information the companies can release to customers regarding requests by the intelligence agencies for information. ](/news/2014/01/27/the-u-s-justice-department-and-the-director-of-national-intelligence-reach-a-preliminary-joint-agreement-likely-resolving-a-lawsuit-with-t.md) _Context: Google, Microsoft_
