### [2013-11-1](/news/2013/11/1/index.md)

# Two people, members of the far-right Greek political party Golden Dawn, are killed in a drive-by shooting, outside the offices of Golden Dawn in Neo Iraklio, Athens. 




### Source:

1. [Kathimerini](http://www.ekathimerini.com/4dcgi/_w_articles_wsite1_1_01/11/2013_525862)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/11/01/us-greece-shooting-idUSBRE9A00WC20131101)

### Related:

1. [Former Greek Prime Minister Lucas Papademos is injured when a booby-trapped package explodes inside his vehicle in Athens. Authorities report his injuries are not life threatening. ](/news/2017/05/25/former-greek-prime-minister-lucas-papademos-is-injured-when-a-booby-trapped-package-explodes-inside-his-vehicle-in-athens-authorities-repor.md) _Context: Athens_
2. [Aftermath of the 2016 Brussels bombings: Two weeks after the deadly suicide bombings, Brussels Zaventem International Airport will reopen today with three symbolic flights to Faro, Athens, and Turin. On Thursday, the airport had said it was "technically ready" to resume partial services, but the opening was held up because police unions threatened to strike unless additional security checks were introduced. ](/news/2016/04/3/aftermath-of-the-2016-brussels-bombings-two-weeks-after-the-deadly-suicide-bombings-brussels-zaventem-international-airport-will-reopen-to.md) _Context: Athens_
3. [Clashes erupt in Athens between left-wing demonstrators and Greek police with at least eighteen people arrested. ](/news/2015/12/6/clashes-erupt-in-athens-between-left-wing-demonstrators-and-greek-police-with-at-least-eighteen-people-arrested.md) _Context: Athens_
4. [Greek government-debt crisis: A new study shows Greece's six-year austerity program is even affecting prostitution. Gregory Laxos, a sociology professor at the Panteion University in Athens, told the "Times of London" the going rate for sex with a prostitute was 50 euros ($53) when the economic crisis began. Now, it-s fallen to as low as two euros ($2.12) for a 30-minute session, or to a cheese pie, a sandwich because they are hungry. ](/news/2015/11/27/greek-government-debt-crisis-a-new-study-shows-greece-s-six-year-austerity-program-is-even-affecting-prostitution-gregory-laxos-a-sociolo.md) _Context: Athens_
5. [A bomb blast at the Hellenic Business Federation offices in central Athens, Greece, damages the Cypriot Embassy across the street. While there is yet no claim for responsibility the authorities suspect a domestic guerrilla group set off the blast. ](/news/2015/11/24/a-bomb-blast-at-the-hellenic-business-federation-offices-in-central-athens-greece-damages-the-cypriot-embassy-across-the-street-while-the.md) _Context: Athens_
6. [Phoenix freeway shootings: Governor of Arizona Doug Ducey states that 21-year-old Leslie Allen Merritt Jr. is ballistically linked to four incidents and arrested in Glendale, Arizona after a SWAT raid. Merritt was previously charged twice in 2013, the first for failing to stop at the scene of a damaged vehicle, and the second for assault and criminal damage. Police state that he is known to hold anti-government and anti-police views. He is charged with four counts each of aggravated assault, criminal damage, disorderly conduct, discharging a firearm within city limits, carrying out a drive-by shooting, and intentional acts of terrorism; and his bail is set at $1 million. ](/news/2015/09/18/phoenix-freeway-shootings-governor-of-arizona-doug-ducey-states-that-21-year-old-leslie-allen-merritt-jr-is-ballistically-linked-to-four-i.md) _Context: drive-by shooting_
7. [A drive-by shooting in Stockton, California kills three people and injures four more. ](/news/2015/03/17/a-drive-by-shooting-in-stockton-california-kills-three-people-and-injures-four-more.md) _Context: drive-by shooting_
8. [Greek anti-terror police arrest four people in Athens, Greece in alleged relation to the January 15 failed terrorist plot to kill police officers in Belgium. ](/news/2015/01/17/greek-anti-terror-police-arrest-four-people-in-athens-greece-in-alleged-relation-to-the-january-15-failed-terrorist-plot-to-kill-police-off.md) _Context: Athens_
9. [Greek anarchists burn a public transport bus and several cars during clashes with police in central Athens. ](/news/2014/12/2/greek-anarchists-burn-a-public-transport-bus-and-several-cars-during-clashes-with-police-in-central-athens.md) _Context: Athens_
10. [2014 Isla Vista shootings. Seven people have been killed and seven injured in a series of drive-by shootings in a student enclave next to the University of California campus in the American city of Santa Barbara, California. ](/news/2014/05/23/2014-isla-vista-shootings-seven-people-have-been-killed-and-seven-injured-in-a-series-of-drive-by-shootings-in-a-student-enclave-next-to-th.md) _Context: drive-by shooting_
