### [2016-11-21](/news/2016/11/21/index.md)

# Presidency of Donald Trump. President-elect Donald Trump announces his plans for his first day in office, including quitting the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) and canceling restrictions on United States energy production. 

Donald Trump says the US will quit the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal when he takes office.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-38059623)

### Related:

1. [Presidency of Donald Trump. U.S. President Donald Trump issues executive orders to withdraw the United States from the Trans-Pacific Partnership, and reinstates the Mexico City Policy, a policy banning U.S. aid to foreign organizations that use funds from other sources to perform or discuss abortions, which Barack Obama scrapped in 2009. ](/news/2017/01/23/presidency-of-donald-trump-u-s-president-donald-trump-issues-executive-orders-to-withdraw-the-united-states-from-the-trans-pacific-partner.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump, Trans-Pacific Partnership_
2. [Presidency of Donald Trump. President Donald Trump has ended his planned Presidential Advisory Council on Infrastructure after only a month, coming a day after two other advisory councils, the Strategic and Policy Forum and the American Manufacturing Council, were scrapped. No reason was given. ](/news/2017/08/17/presidency-of-donald-trump-president-donald-trump-has-ended-his-planned-presidential-advisory-council-on-infrastructure-after-only-a-month.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
3. [Presidency of Donald Trump. Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/presidency-of-donald-trump-numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-regist.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
4. [Business career of Donald Trump. The U.S. Office of Government Ethics certifies President Donald Trump's financial report which discloses over $315.6 million in personal liabilities and exceeding $1.4 billion in assets as of mid-2017, for revenues of more than $594 million over 2016 and early 2017. ](/news/2017/06/16/business-career-of-donald-trump-the-u-s-office-of-government-ethics-certifies-president-donald-trump-s-financial-report-which-discloses-ov.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
5. [Presidency of Donald Trump. U.S. President Donald Trump signs a revised version of Executive Order 13769 eliminating Iraq from the order and reducing the indefinite suspension of Syrian refugees to 120 days. The order will be in effect on March 16, 2017. ](/news/2017/03/6/presidency-of-donald-trump-u-s-president-donald-trump-signs-a-revised-version-of-executive-order-13769-eliminating-iraq-from-the-order-and.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
6. [2017 dismissal of U.S. attorneys. United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions requests the resignations of 46 Barack Obama-era chief federal prosecutors, including United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara, who was previously told to stay on by then President-elect Donald Trump in November. ](/news/2017/03/10/2017-dismissal-of-u-s-attorneys-united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-requests-the-resignations-of-46-barack-obama-era-chief-federa.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect_
7. [Presidency of Donald Trump. The Trump administration signals that it plans a crackdown on U.S states that legalize the use of cannabis. ](/news/2017/02/24/presidency-of-donald-trump-the-trump-administration-signals-that-it-plans-a-crackdown-on-u-s-states-that-legalize-the-use-of-cannabis.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
8. [Ford announces that it has cancelled plans to build a $1.6 billion plant in Mexico, long criticized by U.S. President-elect Donald Trump, and will invest $700 million in its Michigan plant in Flat Rock, potentially creating 700 new jobs from the investment and expansion of the plant. ](/news/2017/01/3/ford-announces-that-it-has-cancelled-plans-to-build-a-1-6-billion-plant-in-mexico-long-criticized-by-u-s-president-elect-donald-trump-an.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect_
9. [Presidency of Donald Trump. United States President Donald Trump announces that he intends to seek an investigation into possible voter fraud from last year's election. ](/news/2017/01/25/presidency-of-donald-trump-united-states-president-donald-trump-announces-that-he-intends-to-seek-an-investigation-into-possible-voter-frau.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
10. [Presidency of Donald Trump. U.S. President Donald Trump signs documents approving the construction of both the Keystone XL and Dakota Access Pipelines. ](/news/2017/01/24/presidency-of-donald-trump-u-s-president-donald-trump-signs-documents-approving-the-construction-of-both-the-keystone-xl-and-dakota-access.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidency of Donald Trump_
