### [2016-11-21](/news/2016/11/21/index.md)

# Russia-United States relations: APEC Peru 2016: President Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin meet in Peru on the sidelines of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation conference to discuss involvement in the Syrian Civil War. 




### Source:

1. [MSN](https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/world/obama-putin-discuss-syrian-conflict-at-asia-pacific-economic-summit/ar-AAkxArX?OCID=ansmsnnews11)

### Related:

1. [2016 G20 Hangzhou summit: U.S. President Barack Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin fail to agree on a peace deal regarding the Syrian civil war. ](/news/2016/09/5/2016-g20-hangzhou-summit-u-s-president-barack-obama-and-russian-president-vladimir-putin-fail-to-agree-on-a-peace-deal-regarding-the-syria.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Syrian Civil War, Vladimir Putin_
2. [Russia-United States relations: U.S. President Donald Trump says he and Russian President Vladimir Putin "discussed forming an impenetrable cyber security unit so that election hacking, and many other negative things, will be guarded and safe." Trump later says he does not think this will happen. ](/news/2017/07/9/russia-united-states-relations-u-s-president-donald-trump-says-he-and-russian-president-vladimir-putin-discussed-forming-an-impenetrabl.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, Vladimir Putin_
3. [Russia-United States relations: When Russian President Vladimir Putin, during the January telephone conversation with President Donald Trump, raised the possibility of extending the 2010 New START treaty that caps U.S. and Russian deployment of nuclear warheads, President Trump declined, stating that this treaty is a bad deal for the United States. ](/news/2017/02/9/russia-united-states-relations-when-russian-president-vladimir-putin-during-the-january-telephone-conversation-with-president-donald-tru.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, Vladimir Putin_
4. [Russia-United States relations: The United States Department of the Treasury eases some sanctions on the Federal Security Service (FSB), allowing for limited transactions with the intelligence agency. The sanctions were put in place last year by Barack Obama over alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election. ](/news/2017/02/2/russia-united-states-relations-the-united-states-department-of-the-treasury-eases-some-sanctions-on-the-federal-security-service-fsb-a.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Russia-United States relations_
5. [Russia-United States relations: After 35 Russian diplomats are expelled from the United States, Russia's foreign minister Sergey Lavrov recommends expelling 35 American diplomats. Russian President Vladimir Putin rejects Lavrov's recommendation and expresses a desire to restore relations between the two countries. ](/news/2016/12/30/russia-united-states-relations-after-35-russian-diplomats-are-expelled-from-the-united-states-russia-s-foreign-minister-sergey-lavrov-re.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, Vladimir Putin_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Vladimir Putin_
7. [Russia and weapons of mass destruction: Russia-United States relations: Russian President Vladimir Putin suspends the 2013 nuclear agreement with the United States concerning uranium research. ](/news/2016/10/5/russia-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-russia-united-states-relations-russian-president-vladimir-putin-suspends-the-2013-nuclear-agreeme.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, Vladimir Putin_
8. [Syrian civil war: Russia-United States relations: The Obama administration through the U.S. State Department announces the suspension of bilateral talks with Russia about the cessation of hostilities in Syria, as Russia and the Syrian government continue to pursue a military course despite the ceasefire accord. ](/news/2016/10/3/syrian-civil-war-russia-united-states-relations-the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-state-department-announces-the-suspension-of-b.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian civil war and Russia-United States relations: The U.S. Obama administration and the Russian Putin administration agree to a Syrian peace deal. The deal is intended to end combat in specified areas and create a joint center of combat to fight ISIL and Al-Nusra Front. ](/news/2016/09/10/syrian-civil-war-and-russia-united-states-relations-the-u-s-obama-administration-and-the-russian-putin-administration-agree-to-a-syrian.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War: U.S. President Barack Obama rules out deploying U.S. ground troops in Syria and says military efforts alone cannot solve the country's problems. He also said he did not think that ISIL would be defeated in his last nine months of office. ](/news/2016/04/24/syrian-civil-war-u-s-president-barack-obama-rules-out-deploying-u-s-ground-troops-in-syria-and-says-military-efforts-alone-cannot-solve-t.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Syrian Civil War_
