### [2013-02-28](/news/2013/02/28/index.md)

# A study finds common genetic links between five major psychiatric disorders: autism, ADHD, bipolar disorder, depression, and schizophrenia. 

Five very different psych disorders have something in common--genetics.


### Source:

1. [Science World Report](http://www.scienceworldreport.com/articles/5266/20130228/five-very-different-major-psych-disorders-shared-genetics.htm)

### Related:

1. [ New study shows that children of older fathers are at higher risk of psychological conditions such as bipolar disorder, autism and schizophrenia. ](/news/2008/09/2/new-study-shows-that-children-of-older-fathers-are-at-higher-risk-of-psychological-conditions-such-as-bipolar-disorder-autism-and-schizoph.md) _Context: autism, bipolar disorder, schizophrenia_
2. [ An international genetic research program identifies a group of genes which may cause bipolar disorder. ](/news/2007/05/9/an-international-genetic-research-program-identifies-a-group-of-genes-which-may-cause-bipolar-disorder.md) _Context: bipolar disorder, genetic_
3. [A ten-year-old boy from Florida with autism is arrested at school, and spends the night in a juvenile facility. Unknown to the family, the boy had an outstanding warrant for his arrest after kicking and scratching one of his educators. The Autism Society of America is looking into legal options. ](/news/2017/04/20/a-ten-year-old-boy-from-florida-with-autism-is-arrested-at-school-and-spends-the-night-in-a-juvenile-facility-unknown-to-the-family-the-b.md) _Context: autism_
4. [Tribeca Film Festival co-founder Robert De Niro announces the film, ''Vaxxed: From Cover-Up to Catastrophe'', will not be screened at the 2016 Festival as previously announced. "Grace [Hightower] and I have a child with autism and we believe it is critical that all of the issues surrounding the causes of autism be openly discussed and examined," Mr. De Niro said.  "... (our) Tribeca Film Festival team and others from the scientific community ...  do not believe (this film)  contributes to or furthers the discussion (about autism) I hoped for," the actor/producer said. ](/news/2016/03/26/tribeca-film-festival-co-founder-robert-de-niro-announces-the-film-vaxxed-from-cover-up-to-catastrophe-will-not-be-screened-at-the-20.md) _Context: autism_
5. [A woman suffering from  schizophrenia stabbed three students and a  police negotiator at a secondary school in Zdar nad Sazavou, Czech Republic. A 16-year-old boy died due to his injuries. ](/news/2014/10/14/a-woman-suffering-from-schizophrenia-stabbed-three-students-and-a-police-negotiator-at-a-secondary-school-in-a1-2aa-r-nad-sa-zavou-czech-r.md) _Context: schizophrenia_
6. [A study published in ''The Journal of Pediatrics'' confirms that there is no scientific evidence of a link between vaccines and autism. ](/news/2013/03/29/a-study-published-in-the-journal-of-pediatrics-confirms-that-there-is-no-scientific-evidence-of-a-link-between-vaccines-and-autism.md) _Context: autism_
7. [A new, seemingly chronic but non-contagious, immunodeficiency disease is diagnosed since 2004, affecting mainly people of Asian genotype aged around 50. Most patients create interferon-gamma-blocking autoantibodies more frequently. Genetic factors are suspected but it would not "run in families". Also, something in the environment may trigger the disease. ](/news/2012/08/23/a-new-seemingly-chronic-but-non-contagious-immunodeficiency-disease-is-diagnosed-since-2004-affecting-mainly-people-of-asian-genotype-age.md) _Context: genetic_
8. [The UK's General Medical Council bans Dr. Andrew Wakefield, who was the first to publish research suggesting a connection between the MMR vaccine and autism, from practicing in the country, finding him guilty of "serious professional misconduct." ](/news/2010/05/24/the-uk-s-general-medical-council-bans-dr-andrew-wakefield-who-was-the-first-to-publish-research-suggesting-a-connection-between-the-mmr-va.md) _Context: autism_
9. [''The Lancet'' medical journal issues a full retraction of a paper that caused a 12-year international controversy over alleged links between the MMR vaccine and autism. ](/news/2010/02/2/the-lancet-medical-journal-issues-a-full-retraction-of-a-paper-that-caused-a-12-year-international-controversy-over-alleged-links-betwee.md) _Context: autism_
10. [A paper published in The Lancet by a team led by Christos Pantelis from the University of Melbourne suggests that it may be possible to predict the onset of schizophrenia using magnetic resonance imaging of the brain.  If so, this will be the first time that brain scans have been used to predict the onset of a mental illness, offering the possibility of preventative treatment before a major psychotic episode.](/news/2002/12/10/a-paper-published-in-the-lancet-by-a-team-led-by-christos-pantelis-from-the-university-of-melbourne-suggests-that-it-may-be-possible-to-pred.md) _Context: schizophrenia_
