### [2013-02-28](/news/2013/02/28/index.md)

# ESPN reports that the seven Catholic schools that have announced plans to leave the Big East Conference will do so in July 2013, and will keep the "Big East" name. Butler University and Xavier University will reportedly leave the Atlantic 10 Conference to join the new Big East, and Creighton University may leave the Missouri Valley Conference to join as well. 

The Catholic 7 schools are expected to start their own league next season and will keep the Big East Conference name, sources told ESPN. Joining the Catholic 7 schools in the new &quot;Big East&quot; this fall will be Xavier and Butler, sources said.


### Source:

1. [ESPN](http://espn.go.com/mens-college-basketball/story/_/id/9000502/catholic-7-schools-keep-big-east-name-new-league-next-season-according-sources)

### Related:

1. [ In ice hockey, ESPN reports that the NHL will place an expansion team in Las Vegas, provided the team's backers can pay a US$500 million expansion fee. The team, which would enter the league no earlier than the 2017-18 season, would be the first major professional sports team in Las Vegas. The league's board of governors is scheduled to hold a formal vote on the expansion on June 22. ](/news/2016/06/14/in-ice-hockey-espn-reports-that-the-nhl-will-place-an-expansion-team-in-las-vegas-provided-the-team-s-backers-can-pay-a-us-500-million-ex.md) _Context: ESPN_
2. [The 2016 United States women's college basketball national championship will be decided when two former Big East Conference foes meet at Bankers Life Fieldhouse in Indianapolis at 8:30 p.m. EDT, Tuesday, April 5, 2016. Connecticut topped Oregon State 80-51, and Syracuse claimed an 80-59 win over Washington in Sunday's semifinals. Syracuse (30-7, 13-3 ACC) will be making its first appearance in the NCAA title game. UConn (37-0, 18-0 American), a 10-time national champion and defending champion for the fourth straight season, has won every title game it has played in. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-2016-united-states-women-s-college-basketball-national-championship-will-be-decided-when-two-former-big-east-conference-foes-meet-at-ban.md) _Context: Big East Conference_
3. [Bill Simmons will leave American broadcaster ESPN in fall 2015 when his contract expires. ](/news/2015/05/8/bill-simmons-will-leave-american-broadcaster-espn-in-fall-2015-when-his-contract-expires.md) _Context: ESPN_
4. [An ESPN investigation claims that 12 Auburn University football players tested positive for synthetic cannabis in the 2011 season, and that the school's athletic department kept the test results confidential. The investigation also reveals widespread use of the drug among members of Auburn's 2010 national championship team. ](/news/2013/04/5/an-espn-investigation-claims-that-12-auburn-university-football-players-tested-positive-for-synthetic-cannabis-in-the-2011-season-and-that.md) _Context: ESPN_
5. [The football-sponsoring conference that will operate under the charter of the soon-to-split Big East Conference announces it will operate as the American Athletic Conference effective July 1. The AAC schools previously sold the "Big East" name to a group of seven schools that will leave the conference at that time. ](/news/2013/04/3/the-football-sponsoring-conference-that-will-operate-under-the-charter-of-the-soon-to-split-big-east-conference-announces-it-will-operate-as.md) _Context: Big East Conference_
6. [Telecommunications giant BT expands its investment in sports broadcasting with the purchase of ESPN's channels in Britain and Ireland. ](/news/2013/02/25/telecommunications-giant-bt-expands-its-investment-in-sports-broadcasting-with-the-purchase-of-espn-s-channels-in-britain-and-ireland.md) _Context: ESPN_
7. [In a widening doping scandal, an ESPN report links five additional Major League Baseball players to the purchase of performance-enhancing drugs from the Biogenesis anti-aging clinic in Miami. The report indicates that Gio Gonzalez, previously linked to PED purchases from Biogenesis, did not receive any banned substances from the clinic. ](/news/2013/02/19/in-a-widening-doping-scandal-an-espn-report-links-five-additional-major-league-baseball-players-to-the-purchase-of-performance-enhancing-dr.md) _Context: ESPN_
8. [ESPN admits two other instances in which it referred to the American basketball player Jeremy Lin by the racial slur "chink". It comes after yesterday's controversial "Chink in the Armor" headline which ESPN defended as only having appeared to mobile browsers for 35 minutes. ](/news/2012/02/19/espn-admits-two-other-instances-in-which-it-referred-to-the-american-basketball-player-jeremy-lin-by-the-racial-slur-chink-it-comes-after.md) _Context: ESPN_
9. [ESPN reports that the US National Football League and the National Football League Players Association have agreed to extend talks on a collective bargaining agreement. ](/news/2011/03/4/espn-reports-that-the-us-national-football-league-and-the-national-football-league-players-association-have-agreed-to-extend-talks-on-a-coll.md) _Context: ESPN_
