### [2013-02-28](/news/2013/02/28/index.md)

# The war crime convictions of Momcilo Perisic are overturned by a war crimes tribunal in The Hague. The Serbian general had been convicted and sentenced in 2011 for atrocities perpetrated both during wars in Croatia and Bosnia. 

A UN war crimes tribunal orders the release of Momcilo Perisic, the former chief of staff of the Yugoslav army sentenced to 27 years in jail.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-21621242)
2. [ICTY](http://www.icty.org/sid/11221)
2. [Cover Image](http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/66134000/jpg/_66134640_66134639.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ The trial of Jovica Stanisic and Franko Simatovic, two former Serbian State Security Service officers and allies of Slobodan Milosevic, starts at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague. ](/news/2008/03/17/the-trial-of-jovica-stania-ia-and-franko-simatovia-two-former-serbian-state-security-service-officers-and-allies-of-slobodan-miloa-evia.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Serbia, The Hague_
2. [ Momcilo Perisic, former Yugoslavian army general, hands himself in to the United Nations war crimes tribunal in The Hague. He is charged with complicity of Serbian separatist war crimes in Bosnia and Croatia during the Yugoslav Wars. ](/news/2005/03/7/momailo-peria-ia-former-yugoslavian-army-general-hands-himself-in-to-the-united-nations-war-crimes-tribunal-in-the-hague-he-is-charged.md) _Context: Momcilo Perisic, Serbia, The Hague_
3. [Former Bosnian Serb President Biljana Plavsic pled guilty to one count of crimes against humanity at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague for her part in atrocities against Bosnian Muslims and Croats during the 1992-95 Bosnian War. ](/news/2002/12/16/former-bosnian-serb-president-biljana-plava-ia-pled-guilty-to-one-count-of-crimes-against-humanity-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-f.md) _Context: Bosnian War, International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, The Hague_
4. [The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, in a majority vote, ordered an "indefinite" halt in the war crimes trial of Croatian Serb rebel leader Goran Hadzic, who is terminally ill with brain cancer and declared "unfit to stand trial." Hadzic was charged with 14 war crimes and crimes against humanity for his role in the 1991-95 war in Croatia. ](/news/2016/04/6/the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-in-a-majority-vote-ordered-an-indefinite-halt-in-the-war-crimes-trial-of-c.md) _Context: 1991-95 war, International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia_
5. [Judges at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia find former President of the Republika Srpska Radovan Karadzic guilty of committing genocide and crimes against humanity in Bosnia during the Bosnian War and is sentenced to 40 years in prison. Karadzic is found to be "criminally responsible" for the Srebrenica massacre. ](/news/2016/03/24/judges-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-find-former-president-of-the-republika-srpska-radovan-karada3-4ia-gui.md) _Context: Bosnian War, International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia_
6. [Judges at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia announce that they will soon deliver their verdict against radical Serb leader Vojislav Seselj, suspected of crimes against humanity committed during the Breakup of Yugoslavia, despite him being sent back to Serbia for medical reasons. Seselj has vowed not to return to court. ](/news/2016/03/17/judges-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-announce-that-they-will-soon-deliver-their-verdict-against-radical-s.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, Serbia_
7. [The war crime convictions of Ante Gotovina and Mladen Markac are overturned by a war crimes tribunal in The Hague. The Croatian generals had been convicted and sentenced last year for atrocities against Serbs during the 1990's Yugoslav Wars. ](/news/2012/11/16/the-war-crime-convictions-of-ante-gotovina-and-mladen-markaa-are-overturned-by-a-war-crimes-tribunal-in-the-hague-the-croatian-generals-ha.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, The Hague_
8. [The trial of former Bosnian Serb Army Colonel General Ratko Mladic starts in the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2012/05/16/the-trial-of-former-bosnian-serb-army-colonel-general-ratko-mladia-starts-in-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia.md) _Context: International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia, The Hague_
9. [Serbia extradites suspected war criminal Goran Hadzic to The Hague to face trial. ](/news/2011/07/22/serbia-extradites-suspected-war-criminal-goran-hada3-4ia-to-the-hague-to-face-trial.md) _Context: Serbia, The Hague_
10. [Serbia arrests Goran Hadzic, a Croatian Serb wartime leader, indicted for alleged crimes against humanity during the Croatian War of Independence. ](/news/2011/07/20/serbia-arrests-goran-hada3-4ia-a-croatian-serb-wartime-leader-indicted-for-alleged-crimes-against-humanity-during-the-croatian-war-of-indep.md) _Context: 1991-95 war, Serbia_
