### [2013-02-28](/news/2013/02/28/index.md)

# Voters go to the polls in the Eastleigh by-election following the resignation of former UK Cabinet Minister Chris Huhne with Liberal Democrat candidate Mike Thornton retaining the seat for his party. 

The Lib Dems have claimed victory in the Eastleigh by-election, with the official result yet to be announced.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-21619239)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/blog/2013/feb/28/eastleigh-byelection-results-live-blog)

### Related:

1. [British Prime Minister David Cameron says he will "win people back" after his party, the Conservatives came third in the Eastleigh by-election behind the Liberal Democrats and UK Independence Party. ](/news/2013/03/1/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-says-he-will-win-people-back-after-his-party-the-conservatives-came-third-in-the-eastleigh-by-electi.md) _Context: Eastleigh by-election, Liberal Democrats, United Kingdom_
2. [In the United Kingdom, Secretary of State for Energy and Climate Change Chris Huhne of Liberal Democrats threatens legal action over "untruths" told by Conservatives opposed to the Alternative Vote system as the country prepares to vote on the issue. ](/news/2011/04/24/in-the-united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-energy-and-climate-change-chris-huhne-of-liberal-democrats-threatens-legal-action-over-untrut.md) _Context: Chris Huhne, Liberal Democrats, United Kingdom_
3. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats, United Kingdom_
4. [The Labour Party wins the three by-elections held in the United Kingdom on Thursday. Steve Reed is elected in Croydon North, Andy McDonald in Middlesbrough and Sarah Champion in Rotherham. The UK Independence Party achieve second place in Middlesbrough and Rotherham, beating the Conservatives and Liberal Democrats. ](/news/2012/11/30/the-labour-party-wins-the-three-by-elections-held-in-the-united-kingdom-on-thursday-steve-reed-is-elected-in-croydon-north-andy-mcdonald-i.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats, United Kingdom_
5. [In a BBC interview British Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg promises that the Liberal Democtrats will be "a moderating influence" on the Conservatives and will block planned reforms of the National Health Service unless changes are made to them. ](/news/2011/05/8/in-a-bbc-interview-british-deputy-prime-minister-nick-clegg-promises-that-the-liberal-democtrats-will-be-a-moderating-influence-on-the-con.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats, United Kingdom_
6. [ The Conservative Party gains seven county councils, the Liberal Democrats lose one, and the Labour Party loses four during the United Kingdom's local elections. ](/news/2009/06/6/the-conservative-party-gains-seven-county-councils-the-liberal-democrats-lose-one-and-the-labour-party-loses-four-during-the-united-kingd.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats, United Kingdom_
7. [ The Liberal Democrats claim that more than 1,000 police officers in the United Kingdom have criminal records. ](/news/2009/03/11/the-liberal-democrats-claim-that-more-than-1-000-police-officers-in-the-united-kingdom-have-criminal-records.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats, United Kingdom_
8. [ Sir Menzies Campbell resigns as the leader of the Liberal Democrats in the United Kingdom, starting a leadership election. ](/news/2007/10/15/sir-menzies-campbell-resigns-as-the-leader-of-the-liberal-democrats-in-the-united-kingdom-starting-a-leadership-election.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats, United Kingdom_
9. [ British polls open in the 2005 general election. Voters will elect 645 of the 646 members of the House of Commons. Most expect Tony Blair and his Labour Party to win, but both Michael Howard and the Conservative Party along with Charles Kennedy and the Liberal Democrats are expected to make major gains in Parliament. (Wikinews) ](/news/2005/05/5/british-polls-open-in-the-2005-general-election-voters-will-elect-645-of-the-646-members-of-the-house-of-commons-most-expect-tony-blair-a.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats, United Kingdom_
10. [ British Liberal Democrat leader Charles Kennedy calls for a reform of the UK voting system after Labour took the majority of the seats in the UK election with just 35% of the votes. ](/news/2005/05/26/british-liberal-democrat-leader-charles-kennedy-calls-for-a-reform-of-the-uk-voting-system-after-labour-took-the-majority-of-the-seats-in-t.md) _Context: Liberal Democrats, United Kingdom_
