### [2012-07-31](/news/2012/07/31/index.md)

# 2012 Summer Olympics:In swimming, Michael Phelps of the United States wins a record 19th Olympic medal, with gold in the 4x200 metres freestyle relay. [http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/olympics/19040217 (BBC)]In artistic gymnastics, the United States of America's women's team known as the Fierce Five (comprised of members Aly Raisman, Gabby Douglas, Jordyn Wieber, McKayla Maroney, and Kyla Ross) won the Olympic gold medal in the artistic team final, the second ever women's team gold medal for the United States, and the first to be won at an Olympics held outside the USA.




### Related:

1. [Michael Phelps and Gabrielle Douglas are named as 2012 Associated Press Athletes of the Year. ](/news/2012/12/21/michael-phelps-and-gabrielle-douglas-are-named-as-2012-associated-press-athletes-of-the-year.md) _Context: Gabrielle Douglas, Michael Phelps_
2. [ American swimmer Michael Phelps breaks the record for most Olympic gold medals won by an individual athlete at the Beijing Olympics. ](/news/2008/08/13/american-swimmer-michael-phelps-breaks-the-record-for-most-olympic-gold-medals-won-by-an-individual-athlete-at-the-beijing-olympics.md) _Context: Michael Phelps, United States_
3. [ 2008 Summer Olympics: Swimmer Michael Phelps of the United States wins a gold medal in the 400 metre individual medley setting a new world record. ](/news/2008/08/10/2008-summer-olympics-p-swimmer-michael-phelps-of-the-united-states-wins-a-gold-medal-in-the-400-metre-individual-medley-setting-a-new-world.md) _Context: Michael Phelps, United States_
4. [ Katie Hoff and Michael Phelps set world records for the 400-meter individual medley at the United States Olympics swimming trials in Omaha, Nebraska. ](/news/2008/06/29/katie-hoff-and-michael-phelps-set-world-records-for-the-400-meter-individual-medley-at-the-united-states-olympics-swimming-trials-in-omaha.md) _Context: Michael Phelps, United States_
5. [The United States launches 60  Tomahawk cruise missiles aimed at the Ash Sha'irat air base in Homs Governorate in response to the Syrian government's alleged use of chemical weapons in its attack on the town of Khan Shaykhun. The Government of Syria claims the attack killed six soldiers and nine civilians, including four children. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-united-states-launches-60-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-aimed-at-the-ash-sha-irat-air-base-in-homs-governorate-in-response-to-the-syrian-gov.md) _Context: United States_
6. [Hyundai (Sonata and Santa Fe) and Kia (Optima, Sorento, and Sportage) are recalling 1.5 million cars, over 1.3 million in United States and 170,000 in South Korea, over an engine defect. ](/news/2017/04/7/hyundai-sonata-and-santa-fe-and-kia-optima-sorento-and-sportage-are-recalling-1-5-million-cars-over-1-3-million-in-united-states-and.md) _Context: United States_
7. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: United States_
8. [China-Finland relations Chinese president Xi Jinping visits Finland on his way to the United States. ](/news/2017/04/5/chinaafinland-relations-pchinese-president-xi-jinping-visits-finland-on-his-way-to-the-united-states.md) _Context: United States_
9. [Two U.S. service members are killed and a third is injured during a raid against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/27/two-u-s-service-members-are-killed-and-a-third-is-injured-during-a-raid-against-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s-nangarhar-province.md) _Context: United States_
10. [A South Korean adviser says it is "impossible" for South Korea to purchase the THAAD missile complex since control of its operation would remain with the United States. The remarks come after United States president Donald Trump suggested that South Korea pay for the $1 billion system. ](/news/2017/04/27/a-south-korean-adviser-says-it-is-impossible-for-south-korea-to-purchase-the-thaad-missile-complex-since-control-of-its-operation-would-re.md) _Context: United States_
