### [2012-07-31](/news/2012/07/31/index.md)

# Voters in the US state of Texas go to the polls for a runoff election in the Republican Senate primary with Ted Cruz defeating David Dewhurst. 

The tea party-aligned conservative was once regarded as a long-shot candidate.


### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/the-fix/post/ted-cruz-wins-republican-runoff-for-texas-senate-seat/2012/07/31/gJQADsLtNX_blog.html)

### Related:

1. [United States presidential election, 2016: Ted Cruz presidential campaign, 2016: Texas Senator Ted Cruz names former Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina as his vice-presidential running mate. ](/news/2016/04/27/united-states-presidential-election-2016-ted-cruz-presidential-campaign-2016-texas-senator-ted-cruz-names-former-republican-presidential.md) _Context: Republican, Ted Cruz, Texas_
2. [United States presidential election, 2016: The presidential campaigns of Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich announce they will now coordinate strategies to stop fellow Republican Donald Trump from becoming the party's nominee. Cruz's campaign will cut campaigning in Oregon and New Mexico to help Kasich, while the Kasich campaign will give Cruz a "clear path" in Indiana. ](/news/2016/04/25/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-presidential-campaigns-of-texas-senator-ted-cruz-and-governor-of-ohio-john-kasich-announce-th.md) _Context: Republican, Ted Cruz, Texas_
3. [United States presidential election, 2016: Senator Ted Cruz (R-Texas) announces his intention to run for president. ](/news/2015/03/23/united-states-presidential-election-2016-senator-ted-cruz-r-texas-announces-his-intention-to-run-for-president.md) _Context: Republican, Ted Cruz, Texas_
4. [2016 Republican National Convention: Senator Ted Cruz, the runner-up in the race for the Republican Party nomination, is booed off stage after giving a speech and refusing to endorse Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/20/2016-republican-national-convention-senator-ted-cruz-the-runner-up-in-the-race-for-the-republican-party-nomination-is-booed-off-stage-aft.md) _Context: Republican, Ted Cruz_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016: The Colorado Republican Party continues choosing its delegates to the 2016 Republican National Convention in Cleveland. Ted Cruz has swept all of the delegates available so far. The process which began last Saturday (April 2, 2016) will conclude tomorrow. ](/news/2016/04/8/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-colorado-republican-party-continues-choosing-its-delegates-to-the-2016-republican-national-co.md) _Context: Republican, Ted Cruz_
6. [United States presidential election, 2016: Voters in the U.S. state of Wisconsin go to the polls for a primary election with Ted Cruz winning the Republican Party contest and Bernie Sanders winning the Democratic Party primary. ](/news/2016/04/5/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-wisconsin-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-ted-cruz-winnin.md) _Context: Republican, Ted Cruz_
7. [Republican Party presidential debates, 2016: The eleventh Republican Party presidential debate of the election cycle takes place at the Fox Theatre in downtown Detroit, Michigan, airing live on Fox News Channel. The debate features four Republican candidates, Donald Trump, Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio and John Kasich. Ben Carson was also invited to the debate but he said that he would not be attending. An estimated 16.9 million viewers watched the debate, 5.5 million of them adults aged 25-54, making it the most watched debate since December 2015. ](/news/2016/03/3/republican-party-presidential-debates-2016-the-eleventh-republican-party-presidential-debate-of-the-election-cycle-takes-place-at-the-fox.md) _Context: Republican, Ted Cruz_
8. [United States presidential election, 2016: Republican Party voters, in precinct gatherings, hold the Nevada caucuses with Donald Trump winning, Marco Rubio coming second, and Ted Cruz finishing in third place. ](/news/2016/02/23/united-states-presidential-election-2016-republican-party-voters-in-precinct-gatherings-hold-the-nevada-caucuses-with-donald-trump-winni.md) _Context: Republican, Ted Cruz_
9. [United States presidential election, 2016: Republican candidate Ted Cruz fires campaign spokesman Rick Tyler who posted incorrect information on Twitter about candidate Marco Rubio. ](/news/2016/02/22/united-states-presidential-election-2016-republican-candidate-ted-cruz-fires-campaign-spokesman-rick-tyler-who-posted-incorrect-informatio.md) _Context: Republican, Ted Cruz_
10. [United States presidential election in Iowa, 2016: Voters in Iowa go to Democratic and Republican Party caucuses in the first formal stage of the U.S. elections. [https://www.yahoo.com/politics/iowa-on-our-minds-as-the-campaign-nears-its-063213666.html (Yahoo! politics)]: Hillary Clinton narrowly wins the Democratic caucus; this makes her the first woman to win an Iowa caucus. [http://thehill.com/blogs/ballot-box/presidential-races/bernie-sanders-iowa-results-gain-error-recount-hillary-clinton (The Hill)] [http://whotv.com/2016/02/01/iowans-could-witness-history-once-again-in-2016/ (Who TV)]: Ted Cruz wins the Republican caucus; this makes him the first Hispanic person to win an Iowa caucus. [http://edition.cnn.com/2016/02/01/politics/iowa-caucuses-updates-real-time/index.html (CNN)] [http://latino.foxnews.com/latino/politics/2016/02/01/iowans-to-choose-trump-aggressiveness-cruz-conservatism-or-rubio-moderation/ Fox News Latino]: Republican candidate Mike Huckabee suspends his campaign. [http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/mike-huckabee-suspends-2016-presidential-race/story?id=36654628 (ABC Go)] [http://edition.cnn.com/2016/02/01/politics/iowa-caucuses-updates-real-time/index.html (CNN)]: Democratic candidate Martin O'Malley suspends his campaign. [https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/omalley-to-suspend-his-campaign-according-to-campaign-adviser/2016/02/01/4e1a4572-c77c-11e5-a4aa-f25866ba0dc6_story.html "(Washington Post)"]](/news/2016/02/1/united-states-presidential-election-in-iowa-2016-voters-in-iowa-go-to-democratic-and-republican-party-caucuses-in-the-first-formal-stage-o.md) _Context: Republican, Ted Cruz_
