### [2010-11-16](/news/2010/11/16/index.md)

# The United States House Committee on Standards of Official Conduct finds Charlie Rangel guilty of multiple violations of House of Representatives rules. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2010/POLITICS/11/16/rangel.ethics.hearing/index.html?eref=rss_us)

### Related:

1. [The United States House Committee on Standards of Official Conduct recommends that the United States House of Representatives censure Rep. Charlie Rangel D-NY for ethics violations and be required to make restitution for any unpaid taxes. ](/news/2010/11/18/the-united-states-house-committee-on-standards-of-official-conduct-recommends-that-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-censure-rep-c.md) _Context: Charlie Rangel, United States House Committee on Standards of Official Conduct, United States House of Representatives_
2. [The United States House of Representatives votes to censure New York Democratic Party member Charlie Rangel. ](/news/2010/12/2/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-to-censure-new-york-democratic-party-member-charlie-rangel.md) _Context: Charlie Rangel, United States House of Representatives_
3. [The United States House of Representatives ethics committee charges California Democrat Maxine Waters with breaking ethics rules. ](/news/2010/08/2/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-ethics-committee-charges-california-democrat-maxine-waters-with-breaking-ethics-rules.md) _Context: United States House Committee on Standards of Official Conduct, United States House of Representatives_
4. [115th United States Congress: The United States House of Representatives pass a bill ending Dodd-Frank regulations. The bill now goes to the Senate where it is expected to not go through. ](/news/2017/06/8/115th-united-states-congress-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-pass-a-bill-ending-dodd-frank-regulations-the-bill-now-goes-to-t.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
5. [Efforts to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act: American Health Care Act of 2017: The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/efforts-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-american-health-care-act-of-2017-the-republican-controlled-united-states.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
6. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017: Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia. ](/news/2017/04/18/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
7. [American Health Care Act of 2017: The United States House of Representatives approaches a vote on a replacement plan for the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (aka Obamacare). ](/news/2017/03/23/american-health-care-act-of-2017-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-approaches-a-vote-on-a-replacement-plan-for-the-patient-protect.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
8. [U.S. Representative Matt Gaetz proposes a bill to eliminate the United States Environmental Protection Agency. ](/news/2017/02/6/u-s-representative-matt-gaetz-proposes-a-bill-to-eliminate-the-united-states-environmental-protection-agency.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
9. [An act to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act: A leaked memo from House Republicans reveals cutting provisions from Obamacare such as Medicaid expansions and subsidies for health insurance. ](/news/2017/02/25/an-act-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-a-leaked-memo-from-house-republicans-reveals-cutting-provisions-from-obamac.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
10. [Cabinet of Donald Trump: The United States Senate, in a 52 to 47 vote, confirms physician and U.S. Representative Tom Price to be Secretary of Health and Human Services. ](/news/2017/02/10/cabinet-of-donald-trump-the-united-states-senate-in-a-52-to-47-vote-confirms-physician-and-u-s-representative-tom-price-to-be-secretary.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
