### [2015-05-27](/news/2015/05/27/index.md)

# Elon Musk's SpaceX wins U.S. Air Force approval to launch military satellites. 

Elon Musk&#39;s firm SpaceX has won long-waited approval from the US Air Force to launch military satellites, opening the way to a lucrative market.


### Source:

1. [AFP via News24](http://www.news24.com/news24/Green/News/SpaceX-cleared-for-US-military-launches-20150527)

### Related:

1. [Hyperloop: SpaceX CEO Elon Musk says he has received federal government approval for The Boring Company to build an underground 760mph Hyperloop that will connect New York City and Washington, D.C.. ](/news/2017/07/20/hyperloop-spacex-ceo-elon-musk-says-he-has-received-federal-government-approval-for-the-boring-company-to-build-an-underground-760mph-hyper.md) _Context: Elon Musk, SpaceX_
2. [2017 in spaceflight: FORMOSAT-5, the first satellite fully designed by Taiwan's National Space Organization, is launched into low-earth orbit by SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket. ](/news/2017/08/25/2017-in-spaceflight-formosat-5-the-first-satellite-fully-designed-by-taiwan-s-national-space-organization-is-launched-into-low-earth-orbi.md) _Context: SpaceX_
3. [Nuclear weapons and the United States: The U.S. Air Force awards Raytheon and Lockheed contracts to work on the new Long Range Standoff weapon, the replacement for the AGM-86B air-launched nuclear cruise missile. ](/news/2017/08/23/nuclear-weapons-and-the-united-states-the-u-s-air-force-awards-raytheon-and-lockheed-contracts-to-work-on-the-new-long-range-standoff-weap.md) _Context: U.S. Air Force_
4. [Renewable energy in Australia: South Australia finalizes a deal with Tesla, spearheaded by tweets originating from CEO of Tesla Elon Musk, to install a battery system in the state. Tesla said in a statement that upon completion by December 2017, the system would be the largest lithium-ion battery storage project in the world, overtaking an 80 megawatt-hour power station at Mira Loma in California also built using Tesla batteries. ](/news/2017/07/7/renewable-energy-in-australia-south-australia-finalizes-a-deal-with-tesla-spearheaded-by-tweets-originating-from-ceo-of-tesla-elon-musk-t.md) _Context: Elon Musk_
5. [Space launch market competition: United Launch Alliance says it was not given an opportunity to bid against rival SpaceX for the upcoming launch of the U.S. Air Force miniature X-37B space plane. The Air Force declined to comment. ](/news/2017/06/9/space-launch-market-competition-united-launch-alliance-says-it-was-not-given-an-opportunity-to-bid-against-rival-spacex-for-the-upcoming-la.md) _Context: SpaceX_
6. [SpaceX CRS-11: SpaceX launches a Falcon 9 rocket with a shipment of food and supplies in a refurbished Dragon cargo capsule for the International Space Station. The mission reuses a Dragon cargo vessel that was previously flown in a September 2014 mission. ](/news/2017/06/3/spacex-crs-11-spacex-launches-a-falcon-9-rocket-with-a-shipment-of-food-and-supplies-in-a-refurbished-dragon-cargo-capsule-for-the-internat.md) _Context: SpaceX_
7. [United States withdrawal from the Paris Agreement: Disney CEO Bob Iger joins Elon Musk in resigning from President Trump's advisory councils in response to Trump's decision to withdraw the U.S. from the Paris Agreement. ](/news/2017/06/2/united-states-withdrawal-from-the-paris-agreement-disney-ceo-bob-iger-joins-elon-musk-in-resigning-from-president-trump-s-advisory-councils.md) _Context: Elon Musk_
8. [United States withdrawal from the Paris Agreement: Elon Musk quits as an official advisor to U.S. President Donald Trump in protest at the United States withdrawal from the Paris Agreement. ](/news/2017/06/1/united-states-withdrawal-from-the-paris-agreement-elon-musk-quits-as-an-official-advisor-to-u-s-president-donald-trump-in-protest-at-the-u.md) _Context: Elon Musk_
9. [SpaceX successfully places the SES-10 telecommunications satellite on a geostationary transfer orbit. The event is notable because of the implied economic cost savings of reusing, for the first time, a used Falcon 9 first stage which had previously been recovered. That first stage had previously launched a Dragon spacecraft to the International Space Station and landed on an autonomous drone ship during the CRS-8 mission. ](/news/2017/03/30/spacex-successfully-places-the-ses-10-telecommunications-satellite-on-a-geostationary-transfer-orbit-the-event-is-notable-because-of-the-im.md) _Context: SpaceX_
10. [List of Falcon 9 and Falcon Heavy launches: SpaceX successfully launches the EchoStar 23 satellite, a Direct-to-home television broadcast services for Brazil, into a geosynchronous transfer orbit, using the fully expendable version of their Falcon 9 launch vehicle. ](/news/2017/03/16/list-of-falcon-9-and-falcon-heavy-launches-spacex-successfully-launches-the-echostar-23-satellite-a-direct-to-home-television-broadcast-se.md) _Context: SpaceX_
