### [2015-05-27](/news/2015/05/27/index.md)

# Former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Tony Blair resigns as the peace envoy of the Quartet on the Middle East. 

Former British prime minister Tony Blair resigns as envoy of the Middle East Quartet diplomatic group.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-05-28/british-ex-pm-tony-blair-quits-as-middle-east-envoy/6502688)

### Related:

1. [ ''Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-pa.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Tony Blair, diplomatic Quartet_
2. [John Major, who was British Prime Minister between 1990 and 1997, tells the Leveson Inquiry that Rupert Murdoch warned him before the 1997 general election to switch policy on Europe or his newspapers would not support him. The Conservative Party subsequently lost power to Labour, with Murdoch's ''The Sun'' tabloid daily supporting Major's rival Tony Blair. ](/news/2012/06/12/john-major-who-was-british-prime-minister-between-1990-and-1997-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-that-rupert-murdoch-warned-him-before-the-1997-g.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Tony Blair_
3. [Leveson Inquiry:Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair tells the Leveson Inquiry he had a "working relationship" with News Corporation chairman Rupert Murdoch, but that Murdoch did not influence policy during his time in office. ](/news/2012/05/28/leveson-inquiry-pformer-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-he-had-a-working-relationship-with-news-corporation-ch.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Tony Blair_
4. [Alleged personal details of former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Tony Blair are published online by computer hackers. ](/news/2011/06/25/alleged-personal-details-of-former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-tony-blair-are-published-online-by-computer-hackers.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Tony Blair_
5. [Iraq Inquiry documents show former British prime minister Tony Blair was offered an alternative to attacking Iraq during a secret meeting held eight days before its soldiers invaded the country in 2003. ](/news/2011/01/20/iraq-inquiry-documents-show-former-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-was-offered-an-alternative-to-attacking-iraq-during-a-secret-meeting-he.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Tony Blair_
6. [Former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Tony Blair cancels a London book signing for his memoir, ''A Journey,'' because of protests by the British National Party and anti-Iraq War demonstrators. ](/news/2010/09/6/former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-tony-blair-cancels-a-london-book-signing-for-his-memoir-a-journey-because-of-protests-by-t.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Tony Blair_
7. [Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair's autobiography ''A Journey'' goes on sale in the United Kingdom and becomes a bestseller. ](/news/2010/09/1/former-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-s-autobiography-a-journey-goes-on-sale-in-the-united-kingdom-and-becomes-a-bestseller.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Tony Blair_
8. [ In a reversal of a previous decision, Sir John Chilcot insists that former British Prime Minister Tony Blair will give the majority of his evidence to The Iraq Inquiry in public. ](/news/2009/12/18/in-a-reversal-of-a-previous-decision-sir-john-chilcot-insists-that-former-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-will-give-the-majority-of-his.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Tony Blair_
9. [ Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair states in an interview that he would have gone to war in Iraq even if he had known that it had no weapons of mass destruction. ](/news/2009/12/13/former-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-states-in-an-interview-that-he-would-have-gone-to-war-in-iraq-even-if-he-had-known-that-it-had-no.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Tony Blair_
10. [ The British Royal Family, including Prince Charles, Prince Harry and Prince William, and Her Majesty the Queen Elizabeth, along with Prime Minister Gordon Brown and former Prime Minister Tony Blair, and hundreds more, gather for a memorial service for Diana, Princess of Wales, ten years after her death, at Guard's Chapel in London. ](/news/2007/08/31/the-british-royal-family-including-prince-charles-prince-harry-and-prince-william-and-her-majesty-the-queen-elizabeth-along-with-prime.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Tony Blair_
