### [2015-05-27](/news/2015/05/27/index.md)

# Rick Santorum announces he will be seeking the nomination of the Republican Party in the United States presidential election, 2016. 




### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/blogs/post-politics/wp/2015/05/27/runner-up-rick-santorum-is-running-again/)

### Related:

1. [United States presidential election, 2016: Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016: The Republican National Committeeman for North Dakota, Curly Haugland, says that the likelihood for outsiders such as Donald Trump to get state electoral votes are slim as the party honor its own elders. ](/news/2016/04/2/united-states-presidential-election-2016-republican-party-presidential-candidates-2016-the-republican-national-committeeman-for-north-da.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016_
2. [United States presidential election, 2016: Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016: Ben Carson suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination. The expected announcement was made during a speech at the 2016 Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC). ](/news/2016/03/4/united-states-presidential-election-2016-republican-party-presidential-candidates-2016-ben-carson-suspends-his-campaign-for-the-republic.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016_
3. [United States presidential election, 2016: Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016: Pennsylvania's Supreme Court upholds the previous court ruling that dismissed the case against Ted Cruz which challenged his eligibility to appear on the state's GOP primary ballot, and serve as president. ](/news/2016/03/31/united-states-presidential-election-2016-republican-party-presidential-candidates-2016-pennsylvania-s-supreme-court-upholds-the-previous.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016: Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016: Candidate Donald Trump says he will no longer honor his pledge to support the eventual Republican Party pick for president because, "I have been treated very unfairly." ](/news/2016/03/29/united-states-presidential-election-2016-republican-party-presidential-candidates-2016-candidate-donald-trump-says-he-will-no-longer-hon.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016: Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016: Former Governor of New York, George Pataki, ends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President of the United States. ](/news/2015/12/29/united-states-presidential-election-2016-republican-party-presidential-candidates-2016-former-governor-of-new-york-george-pataki-ends.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016_
6. [United States presidential election, 2016: Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016: South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham ends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President. During his campaign he has failed to poll above single digits nationally or in the early voting states. ](/news/2015/12/21/united-states-presidential-election-2016-republican-party-presidential-candidates-2016-south-carolina-senator-lindsey-graham-ends-his-ca.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016_
7. [ United States presidential election, 2016:: New Jersey governor Chris Christie formally announces his candidacy for the Republican nomination for the 2016 presidential election. ](/news/2015/06/30/united-states-presidential-election-2016-new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-formally-announces-his-candidacy-for-the-republican-nominati.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016_
8. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections: Sally Yates testifies before the United States Senate Judiciary Subcommittee on Crime and Terrorism concerning investigations into Russia's role in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and in the Trump administration. ](/news/2017/05/8/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-sally-yates-testifies-before-the-united-states-senate-judiciary-subcommittee-on-cr.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election_
9. [Trump Tower wiretapping allegations: U.S. President Donald Trump accuses former President Barack Obama of wiretapping Trump Tower the month before the 2016 presidential election but offers no evidence to support his claim. A spokesman for President Obama rejects these claims. ](/news/2017/03/4/trump-tower-wiretapping-allegations-u-s-president-donald-trump-accuses-former-president-barack-obama-of-wiretapping-trump-tower-the-month.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election_
10. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections: Michael T. Flynn is willing to testify under the condition of immunity in the ongoing congressional probe on Russia's role in the 2016 U.S. presidential election. ](/news/2017/03/30/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-michael-t-flynn-is-willing-to-testify-under-the-condition-of-immunity-in-the-ongo.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election_
