### [2005-10-20](/news/2005/10/20/index.md)

#  In the United Kingdom, David Cameron and David Davis go through to a runoff vote of Conservative Party members after a second round of voting amongst Tory MPs in the party's leadership election. Liam Fox is eliminated. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/4360662.stm)

### Related:

1. [ David Cameron wins the leadership election for the United Kingdom Conservative Party. ](/news/2005/12/6/david-cameron-wins-the-leadership-election-for-the-united-kingdom-conservative-party.md) _Context: Britain, Conservative Party, David Cameron, leadership election_
2. [Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016: The process to elect a new leader of the Conservative Party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron begins in the United Kingdom. The Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb is the first Conservative Party politician to announce his official candidacy for leader. ](/news/2016/06/29/conservative-party-uk-leadership-election-2016-the-process-to-elect-a-new-leader-of-the-conservative-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-min.md) _Context: Britain, Conservative Party, David Cameron_
3. [British Prime Minister David Cameron says he will "win people back" after his party, the Conservatives came third in the Eastleigh by-election behind the Liberal Democrats and UK Independence Party. ](/news/2013/03/1/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-says-he-will-win-people-back-after-his-party-the-conservatives-came-third-in-the-eastleigh-by-electi.md) _Context: Britain, Conservative Party, David Cameron_
4. [The British House of Commons votes to reject a proposed referendum on Britain's membership of the European Union, with 483 MPs voting against the proposal and 111 voting in favour. Among those who supported the proposal were 81 Conservative Party members, who rebelled against the anti-referendum stance of Prime Minister David Cameron, the leader of the Conservative Party. ](/news/2011/10/24/the-british-house-of-commons-votes-to-reject-a-proposed-referendum-on-britain-s-membership-of-the-european-union-with-483-mps-voting-agains.md) _Context: Britain, Conservative Party, David Cameron_
5. [UK General Election countdown: Conservative leader David Cameron launches his party's election manifesto, which he says is a "plan to change Britain for the better". He said the "optimistic" plan would bring a "new kind of government" with less state and more "people power". ](/news/2010/04/13/uk-general-election-countdown-conservative-leader-david-cameron-launches-his-party-s-election-manifesto-which-he-says-is-a-plan-to-change.md) _Context: Britain, Conservative Party, David Cameron_
6. [ United Kingdom Opposition Leader David Cameron pledges to hold a referendum on the European Union's Lisbon Treaty if his Conservative Party is elected later this year. ](/news/2009/01/14/united-kingdom-opposition-leader-david-cameron-pledges-to-hold-a-referendum-on-the-european-union-s-lisbon-treaty-if-his-conservative-party.md) _Context: Britain, Conservative Party, David Cameron_
7. [United Kingdom general election, 2017: Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/united-kingdom-general-election-2017-polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-c.md) _Context: Britain, Conservative Party_
8. [Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016: Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-uk-leadership-election-2016-conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leade.md) _Context: Conservative Party, David Cameron_
9. [Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016: Home Secretary Theresa May gets 165 votes after the first ballot of Conservative members of parliament to select a new Leader and the next Prime Minister. Her nearest rival, Minister of State for Energy Andrea Leadsom, picked up 66 votes. Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove won 48 votes, and Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb got 34 votes. Former Secretary of State for Defence Liam Fox is eliminated from consideration as he received just 16. Later, Crabb pulled out of the race and endorsed front-runner Theresa May. Fox also endorsed May. ](/news/2016/07/5/conservative-party-uk-leadership-election-2016-home-secretary-theresa-may-gets-165-votes-after-the-first-ballot-of-conservative-members.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Liam Fox_
10. [Formation of the May ministry: The new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Theresa May begins forming her ministry following the end of the Second Cameron ministry. The former Mayor of London Boris Johnson is appointed Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, Philip Hammond is appointed as Chancellor of the Exchequer, Amber Rudd is appointed Home Secretary filling Theresa May's former position, Liam Fox is appointed as Secretary of State for International Trade and David Davis is appointed as minister for the newly created Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/13/formation-of-the-may-ministry-the-new-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-theresa-may-begins-forming-her-ministry-following-the-end-of-the.md) _Context: David Davis, Liam Fox_
