### [2003-11-13](/news/2003/11/13/index.md)

#  A "Belfast Telegraph" opinion poll in Northern Ireland in the run up to the Northern Ireland Assembly elections predicts that the Ulster Unionist Party will remain the largest unionist party, defeating the Democratic Unionist Party, while the nationalist Social Democratic and Labour Party, contrary to many expectations, will outpoll Sinn Fin. At the start of the campaign, many commentators had predicted that both the DUP and Sinn Fin would topple their rivals.




### Related:

1. [ The anti-Good Friday Agreement Democratic Unionist Party with 30 seats becomes the biggest party in Northern Ireland in the Northern Ireland Assembly Election, 2003, replacing the Ulster Unionist Party (27 seats), while Sinn Fin at 24 seats replaces the SDLP (18 seats) as the major Irish nationalist party.](/news/2003/11/28/the-anti-good-friday-agreement-democratic-unionist-party-with-30-seats-becomes-the-biggest-party-in-northern-ireland-in-the-northern-irelan.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Northern Ireland, Sinn Fin, Social Democratic and Labour Party, Ulster Unionist Party_
2. [ At the end of the First Count of elections to the Northern Ireland Assembly, and reflecting the early tallies the Democratic Unionist Party attracts the highest popular vote, with Sinn Fein coming second, the Ulster Unionist Party third and the SDLP fourth. Minor parties like the Progressive Unionist Party, the Alliance Party and the UK Unionist Party suffer major collapse, with the Women's Coalition losing all its seats. Later counts are expected to boost the middle ground UUP and SDLP, who show greater possibilities of picking up inter-party transfers than the more extreme DUP and Sinn Fein. Nevertheless, Sinn Fein is widely expected to have more MLAs than the SDLP, a reversal of the results in the 1998 Assembly elections. It is too close to call whether the previous larger UUP or the Rev. Ian Paisley's DUP will have more seats after all counts. The final results will not be known until late on Friday, when all six seats in each constituency are filled. The election was held under PR.STV.](/news/2003/11/27/at-the-end-of-the-first-count-of-elections-to-the-northern-ireland-assembly-and-reflecting-the-early-tallies-the-democratic-unionist-party.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Northern Ireland Assembly, Social Democratic and Labour Party, Ulster Unionist Party_
3. [DUP leader and Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson dismisses calls from Sinn Fin for a Scotland-style referendum on independence for Northern Ireland, telling his party's annual conference that a majority of Catholics want Northern Ireland to stay part of the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/11/24/dup-leader-and-northern-ireland-first-minister-peter-robinson-dismisses-calls-from-sinn-fein-for-a-scotland-style-referendum-on-independence.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Northern Ireland, Sinn Fin_
4. [ The Blair Government introduces legislation into the Parliament of the United Kingdom to facilitate a power-sharing agreement in Northern Ireland between Ian Paisley's Democratic Unionist Party and Sinn Fin. ](/news/2007/03/27/the-blair-government-introduces-legislation-into-the-parliament-of-the-united-kingdom-to-facilitate-a-power-sharing-agreement-in-northern-i.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Northern Ireland, Sinn Fin_
5. [ Sinn Fin leader Gerry Adams recommends that Sinn Fin support a British-Irish power-sharing plan for Northern Ireland that involves the public decommissioning of the arms held by the Irish Republican Army. Ian Paisley of the loyalist Democratic Unionist Party may become first minister of Northern Ireland, with former IRA member Martin McGuinness as his deputy. ](/news/2004/12/6/sinn-fein-leader-gerry-adams-recommends-that-sinn-fein-support-a-british-irish-power-sharing-plan-for-northern-ireland-that-involves-the-pu.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Northern Ireland, Sinn Fin_
6. [ Ulster Unionist Party defector Jeffrey Donaldson and two other MLAs join Rev. Ian Paisley's Democratic Unionist Party, pushing the DUP's numbers in the Northern Ireland Assembly to 33.](/news/2004/01/5/ulster-unionist-party-defector-jeffrey-donaldson-and-two-other-mlas-join-rev-ian-paisley-s-democratic-unionist-party-pushing-the-dup-s-nu.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Northern Ireland Assembly, Ulster Unionist Party_
7. [Mike Nesbitt announces he is standing down as leader of the Ulster Unionist Party (UUP) following the party's poor performance in yesterday's Northern Ireland Assembly election. ](/news/2017/03/3/mike-nesbitt-announces-he-is-standing-down-as-leader-of-the-ulster-unionist-party-uup-following-the-party-s-poor-performance-in-yesterday.md) _Context: Northern Ireland Assembly, Ulster Unionist Party_
8. [Northern Irish voters go to the polls to elect their new MLA representatives after a snap election was called following the resignation of Deputy First minister Martin McGuinness of Sinn Fin over the mishandling by Democratic Unionist Party over the recent Renewable Heat Incentive scandal. ](/news/2017/03/2/northern-irish-voters-go-to-the-polls-to-elect-their-new-mla-representatives-after-a-snap-election-was-called-following-the-resignation-of-d.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Sinn Fin_
9. [The Secretary of State for Northern Ireland James Brokenshire announces a snap election is to take place on March 2 to elect members to the Northern Ireland Assembly after the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and Sinn Fein failed to agree on a power-sharing agreement. ](/news/2017/01/16/the-secretary-of-state-for-northern-ireland-james-brokenshire-announces-a-snap-election-is-to-take-place-on-march-2-to-elect-members-to-the.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Northern Ireland Assembly_
10. [Peter Robinson announces he will step down as Northern Ireland's First Minister and as leader of the Democratic Unionist Party, corresponding with recent tensions in the area and a murder linked with the Irish Republican Army. ](/news/2015/11/19/peter-robinson-announces-he-will-step-down-as-northern-ireland-s-first-minister-and-as-leader-of-the-democratic-unionist-party-correspondin.md) _Context: Democratic Unionist Party, Northern Ireland_
