### [2003-11-13](/news/2003/11/13/index.md)

#  A British "Daily Mirror" opinion poll suggests nearly half the people of the United Kingdom see the United States as the biggest threat to world peace and are opposed to President Bush's state visit to the UK.




### Related:

1. [ There are further calls in the media and Parliament of the United Kingdom for Prime Minister Tony Blair to publish a full account of his discussions with US President Bush on the bombing of Al Jazeera TV station headquarters in Doha. A memo on the conversation has been partly leaked to the "Daily Mirror" newspaper, before the Official Secrets Act was invoked. ](/news/2005/11/24/there-are-further-calls-in-the-media-and-parliament-of-the-united-kingdom-for-prime-minister-tony-blair-to-publish-a-full-account-of-his-di.md) _Context: Daily Mirror, George W. Bush_
2. [ Al Jazeera bombing memo: British "Daily Mirror" tabloid publishes an article suggesting that George W. Bush discussed with Tony Blair a plan to bomb the offices of the Al Jazeera TV station. ](/news/2005/11/22/al-jazeera-bombing-memo-british-daily-mirror-tabloid-publishes-an-article-suggesting-that-george-w-bush-discussed-with-tony-blair-a-pla.md) _Context: Daily Mirror, George W. Bush_
3. [ Tony Blair publicly defends his decision to invite President Bush to the UK on a state visit.](/news/2003/11/17/tony-blair-publicly-defends-his-decision-to-invite-president-bush-to-the-uk-on-a-state-visit.md) _Context: George W. Bush, state visit_
4. [President-elect Donald Trump names Tom Price as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services; former President George W. Bush Administration official and wife of Mitch McConnell Elaine Chao as United States Secretary of Transportation; ](/news/2016/11/29/president-elect-donald-trump-names-tom-price-as-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-services-former-president-george-w-bush-admini.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
5. [A Gulfstream IV aircraft carrying former President George W. Bush from Philadelphia International Airport to Dallas Love Field is diverted safely to Louisville International Airport when the pilot smells smoke; Bush arrived safely in Dallas early Sunday. ](/news/2013/06/15/a-gulfstream-iv-aircraft-carrying-former-president-george-w-bush-from-philadelphia-international-airport-to-dallas-love-field-is-diverted-s.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
6. [The George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas, Texas, is dedicated in the presence of President of the United States Barack Obama, former president George W. Bush and all living former presidents. The complex will be opened to the public on May 1. ](/news/2013/04/25/the-george-w-bush-presidential-center-in-dallas-texas-is-dedicated-in-the-presence-of-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-former.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
7. [U.S. news magazine "Time" selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those-of.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
8. [Four civil cases are filed against Trinity Mirror, publishers of the UK newspaper the "Daily Mirror", over allegations of phone hacking. ](/news/2012/10/23/four-civil-cases-are-filed-against-trinity-mirror-publishers-of-the-uk-newspaper-the-daily-mirror-over-allegations-of-phone-hacking.md) _Context: Daily Mirror_
9. [HBO issues a public apology for any offence suffered after the use of a severed head in "Game of Thrones"; the head on a spike is said to resemble that of former U.S. president George W. Bush. ](/news/2012/06/14/hbo-issues-a-public-apology-for-any-offence-suffered-after-the-use-of-a-severed-head-in-game-of-thrones-the-head-on-a-spike-is-said-to-re.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
10. [Former "Daily Mirror" journalist James Hipwell tells the Leveson Inquiry that phone hacking was a "bog standard journalistic tool" at the paper. ](/news/2011/12/21/former-daily-mirror-journalist-james-hipwell-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-that-phone-hacking-was-a-bog-standard-journalistic-tool-at-the-pa.md) _Context: Daily Mirror_
