### [2003-11-13](/news/2003/11/13/index.md)

#  Chief Justice of Alabama Roy Moore is removed from office by the Alabama Court of Judiciary for failure to remove Ten Commandments monument from court house pursuant to order by U.S. District Judge Myron Thompson.




### Related:

1. [ Separation of church and state: The controversial "Ten Commandments" monument in Alabama's Supreme Court building is removed from public view, following a court order stating that the monument's location in the court building breaches the separation of church and state. The monument, nicknamed "Roy's Holy Rock", was installed two years ago by the conservative Christian Chief Justice Roy Moore. Only one in five (20%) Americans approve of the federal court order under which workers removed the "Ten Commandments" monument from the rotunda of Alabama's state judicial building Wednesday, according to a new poll.](/news/2003/08/27/separation-of-church-and-state-the-controversial-ten-commandments-monument-in-alabama-s-supreme-court-building-is-removed-from-public-vi.md) _Context: Alabama, Ten Commandments_
2. [ Separation of church and state: Alabama's Chief Justice Roy Moore is suspended by a Judicial Ethics Panel over his refusal to remove a monument listing the Ten Commandments which he had installed in the state Supreme Court building. Moore had been ordered to remove the controversial monument by U.S. District Judge Myron Thompson, who in a judgment in 2002 said the monument "violates the constitution's ban on government promotion of a religious doctrine". Thompson's judgment was upheld by eight Associate Justices. Their ruling was criticised by Moore and the Christian Defense Coalition, who have threatened to block the court building to prevent the monument's removal.](/news/2003/08/22/separation-of-church-and-state-alabama-s-chief-justice-roy-moore-is-suspended-by-a-judicial-ethics-panel-over-his-refusal-to-remove-a-monu.md) _Context: Alabama, Ten Commandments_
3. [Atmospheric scientists expect Hurricane Nate, currently, a category 1 storm (90 mph-150 km-h) moving quickly toward the United States' northern Gulf Coast, to make landfall at the mouth of the Mississippi River this evening as a category 2 hurricane with hurricane warnings as far east as the Alabama-Florida border. The storm has already killed at least 30 people in Central America. ](/news/2017/10/7/atmospheric-scientists-expect-hurricane-nate-currently-a-category-1-storm-90-mph-150-km-h-moving-quickly-toward-the-united-states-north.md) _Context: Alabama_
4. [The governor of the State of Alabama, Robert Bentley, wins a court victory halting impeachment proceedings that were set to begin Monday to determine whether he should remain in office after it was discovered that he had a romantic relationship with a staffer. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-governor-of-the-state-of-alabama-robert-bentley-wins-a-court-victory-halting-impeachment-proceedings-that-were-set-to-begin-monday-to.md) _Context: Alabama_
5. [The Alabama Ethics Commission finds there is probable cause that Governor Robert Bentley violated the state's ethics and campaign finance laws, and refers the case to Montgomery County District Attorney Daryl Bailey. ](/news/2017/04/6/the-alabama-ethics-commissiona-finds-there-is-probable-cause-that-governor-robert-bentley-violated-the-state-s-ethics-and-campaign-finance-l.md) _Context: Alabama_
