### [2003-11-13](/news/2003/11/13/index.md)

#  Japan delays sending troops to Iraq because of the worsening security situation. According to military analysts, recent attacks on coalition forces in Iraq are, reportedly, part of a guerrilla strategy to isolate the United States during attempts to achieve international support for rebuilding the country. With growing insurgency in Iraq and increasing criticism in the United States, the White House is pushing for faster action on crucial aspects of its strategy toward Iraq, accelerating the timetable for Iraqi self-government, redoubling military efforts against insurgents via "Operation Iron Hammer", and increasing efforts to convince the American public of the long-term benefit of the transformation of Iraq.




### Related:

1. [Iraq War: The United States has lost a total of 15 troops in Iraq this month, making it the deadliest month for U.S. forces in Iraq since June 2009, when 14 soldiers were killed fighting the Iraqi insurgency. ](/news/2011/06/30/iraq-war-the-united-states-has-lost-a-total-of-15-troops-in-iraq-this-month-making-it-the-deadliest-month-for-u-s-forces-in-iraq-since-ju.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi insurgency_
2. [Three members of the British Armed Forces are being investigated by military lawyers over alleged abuse of Iraqi detainees. ](/news/2010/11/9/three-members-of-the-british-armed-forces-are-being-investigated-by-military-lawyers-over-alleged-abuse-of-iraqi-detainees.md) _Context: Iraq, military_
3. [Iraqi insurgents kill 102 and injure over 200 people, mostly Iraqi civilians, in a series of suicide bombings from Mosul to Basra in Iraq, the highest number in one day this year, and jeopardizing a planned US withdrawal. ](/news/2010/05/10/iraqi-insurgents-kill-102-and-injure-over-200-people-mostly-iraqi-civilians-in-a-series-of-suicide-bombings-from-mosul-to-basra-in-iraq-t.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi insurgency_
4. [ Iraqi insurgency: The United States Army releases five Iranian suspects who had been arrested in Iraq. ](/news/2007/11/9/iraqi-insurgency-the-united-states-army-releases-five-iranian-suspects-who-had-been-arrested-in-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi insurgency_
5. [ The U. S. military accuses the government of Iran of supplying sophisticated roadside bombs to insurgents in Iraq. ](/news/2007/02/11/the-u-s-military-accuses-the-government-of-iran-of-supplying-sophisticated-roadside-bombs-to-insurgents-in-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi insurgency_
6. [ Iraqi insurgency: Soldiers from the British Army storm a police headquarters in Basra, Iraq, arresting allegedly corrupt officers, transferring prisoners thought to have been subject to torture, and demolishing the building. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/6208535.stm]](/news/2006/12/25/iraqi-insurgency-soldiers-from-the-british-army-storm-a-police-headquarters-in-basra-iraq-arresting-allegedly-corrupt-officers-transfer.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi insurgency_
7. [ Iraqi insurgency: Suicide bombers kill 22 people and wound 26 in the city of Tal Afar in northern Iraq. ](/news/2006/11/24/iraqi-insurgency-suicide-bombers-kill-22-people-and-wound-26-in-the-city-of-tal-afar-in-northern-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi insurgency_
8. [ At least 130 people have died following insurgent attacks on the Iraqi cities of Kerbala and Ramadi. ](/news/2006/01/5/at-least-130-people-have-died-following-insurgent-attacks-on-the-iraqi-cities-of-kerbala-and-ramadi.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi insurgency_
9. [ Conflict in Iraq: Six members of the same family of 14 have been confirmed killed following a U.S. airstrike in Northern Iraq. ](/news/2006/01/3/conflict-in-iraq-six-members-of-the-same-family-of-14-have-been-confirmed-killed-following-a-u-s-airstrike-in-northern-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi insurgency_
10. [ Conflict in Iraq: Five U.S. soldiers die during sweeps of insurgent-held towns in Iraq. ](/news/2005/10/4/conflict-in-iraq-five-u-s-soldiers-die-during-sweeps-of-insurgent-held-towns-in-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi insurgency_
