### [2003-11-13](/news/2003/11/13/index.md)

#  Leading Saudi Arabian newspaper "al-Riyadh" (which often reflects government thinking) claims that Qatar's Al Jazeera television coverage of the bombing in Riyadh is aimed at inciting more violence. Thirty media outlets claim, with two separate letters sent to The Pentagon, that United States troops are harassing journalists in Iraq and sometimes confiscating equipment, digital camera media and videotapes. A statement by a Pentagon official states the military is aware of reports that soldiers had sometimes not followed procedures on dealing with the media and promises to take appropriate action.




### Related:

1. [Saudi Arabia announces the formation of a 34-member Islamic Military Alliance against terrorism including Egypt, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, Turkey, Malaysia and Pakistan with a joint operations centre based in Riyadh. ](/news/2015/12/15/saudi-arabia-announces-the-formation-of-a-34-member-islamic-military-alliance-against-terrorism-including-egypt-qatar-the-united-arab-emir.md) _Context: Qatar, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia_
2. [Saudi Arabia suspends any dialogue with Qatar, accusing it of "distorting facts" in its reporting of yesterday's phone call between the leaders of both countries which suggested a breakthrough in the Gulf dispute was possible. ](/news/2017/09/9/saudi-arabia-suspends-any-dialogue-with-qatar-accusing-it-of-adistorting-factsa-in-its-reporting-of-yesterday-s-phone-call-between-the.md) _Context: Qatar, Saudi Arabia_
3. [Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt-bahrain-and-unite.md) _Context: Qatar, Saudi Arabia_
4. [Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-of-the-u-s-decisio.md) _Context: Qatar, Saudi Arabia_
5. [The Saudi Arabia-led bloc against Qatar issues a "terror list" against the peninsula. ](/news/2017/06/8/the-saudi-arabia-led-bloc-against-qatar-issues-a-terror-list-against-the-peninsula.md) _Context: Qatar, Saudi Arabia_
6. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Qatar, Saudi Arabia_
7. [The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab-emirates-and-egypt-towards-qat.md) _Context: Qatar, Saudi Arabia_
8. [Mohamed Morsi, former President of Egypt, is sentenced to life imprisonment and another 15 years for his role in allegedly leaking government secrets to Qatar. Six people, including two Al-Jazeera employees, are sentenced to death. ](/news/2016/06/18/mohamed-morsi-former-president-of-egypt-is-sentenced-to-life-imprisonment-and-another-15-years-for-his-role-in-allegedly-leaking-governmen.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Qatar_
9. [Iraqi authorities ban Qatar-based satellite television network Al Jazeera from broadcasting in the country and closes its offices in Baghdad, accusing it of violating government guidelines issued in 2014 to regulate media "during the war on terror". ](/news/2016/04/27/iraqi-authorities-ban-qatar-based-satellite-television-network-al-jazeera-from-broadcasting-in-the-country-and-closes-its-offices-in-baghdad.md) _Context: Al Jazeera, Qatar_
10. [The meeting in Doha, Qatar, of the world's top oil producers, from both OPEC and non-OPEC countries, fails to agree on an output freeze. Oil analysts say the failure was due to Iran's non-participation, and Saudi Arabia linking its cooperation to Iran's inclusion. Oil prices drop in early Asian trading and on the New York Mercantile Exchange. ](/news/2016/04/18/the-meeting-in-doha-qatar-of-the-world-s-top-oil-producers-from-both-opec-and-non-opec-countries-fails-to-agree-on-an-output-freeze-oil.md) _Context: Qatar, Saudi Arabia_
