### [2008-11-20](/news/2008/11/20/index.md)

#  Five Guantnamo Bay detainees who successfully argued ''Boumediene v. Bush'' before the Supreme Court are ordered freed by Judge Richard J. Leon of the District Court for Washington, D.C. 

A federal judge ordered the release of five Algerian men held at Guantánamo Bay for nearly seven years.


### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2008/11/21/us/21guantanamo.html)

### Related:

1. [ In ''Boumediene v. Bush'', the U.S. Supreme Court holds that foreign terrorism suspects held at Guantanamo Bay have constitutional rights to challenge their detention there in US courts. ](/news/2008/06/12/in-boumediene-v-bush-the-u-s-supreme-court-holds-that-foreign-terrorism-suspects-held-at-guanta-namo-bay-have-constitutional-rights.md) _Context: Boumediene v. Bush, Guantanamo Bay detention camp, Supreme Court_
2. [The U.S. Supreme Court declines to review assault weapons bans in Connecticut and New York, as it did last December concerning Chicago, Illinois, city law. Five other states and Washington, D.C. have similar restrictions. ](/news/2016/06/20/the-u-s-supreme-court-declines-to-review-assault-weapons-bans-in-connecticut-and-new-york-as-it-did-last-december-concerning-chicago-illi.md) _Context: Supreme Court, Washington, D.C._
3. [Federal district court judge  Richard Leon rules the National Security Agency's bulk collection  of U.S. phone records is unconstitutional. This ruling  has limited impact since it applies to only one case, and the NSA is scheduled to replace this protocol with a more targeted system the end of this month. ](/news/2015/11/9/federal-district-court-judge-richard-leon-rules-the-national-security-agencyas-bulk-collection-of-u-s-phone-records-is-unconstitutional.md) _Context: Richard Leon, U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia_
4. [The U.S. Supreme Court agrees to consolidate and hear four appellate rulings whether there is a constitutional right to same-sex marriage. It is currently allowed in Washington, D.C. and 36 states. Oral arguments will take place in April and a ruling may occur by June. ](/news/2015/01/16/the-u-s-supreme-court-agrees-to-consolidate-and-hear-four-appellate-rulings-whether-there-is-a-constitutional-right-to-same-sex-marriage-i.md) _Context: Supreme Court, Washington, D.C._
5. [American judge Richard J. Leon of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia rules that the National Security Agency collecting domestic phone records was unconstitutional in ''Klayman vs Obama''. A stay has been placed on the ruling pending an appeal by the US Government. ](/news/2013/12/16/american-judge-richard-j-leon-of-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-district-of-columbia-rules-that-the-national-security-agency-coll.md) _Context: Richard Leon, U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia_
6. [U.S. President Barack Obama chooses a Washington, D.C. lawyer, Clifford Sloan, with experience in all three branches of government to be the U.S. State Department's Special Envoy for closing the military-run prison at the Guantanamo Bay Naval Base. ](/news/2013/06/16/u-s-president-barack-obama-chooses-a-washington-d-c-lawyer-clifford-sloan-with-experience-in-all-three-branches-of-government-to-be-the.md) _Context: Washington, D.C., military base at Guantanamo Bay_
7. [ The Supreme Court of the United States agrees to decide whether federal courts have the power to order prisoners held at Guantanamo Bay to be released into the country. ](/news/2009/10/20/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-agrees-to-decide-whether-federal-courts-have-the-power-to-order-prisoners-held-at-guantanamo-bay-to.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay detention camp, Supreme Court_
8. [ The United States releases Lakhdar Boumediene from Guantanamo Bay Naval Base's detention center. ](/news/2009/05/15/the-united-states-releases-lakhdar-boumediene-from-guanta-namo-bay-naval-base-s-detention-center.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay detention camp, military base at Guantanamo Bay_
9. [ The United States abandons the term "enemy combatant" for detainees at Guantanamo Bay Naval Base's detention camp.  ](/news/2009/03/13/the-united-states-abandons-the-term-enemy-combatant-for-detainees-at-guanta-namo-bay-naval-base-s-detention-camp.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay detention camp, military base at Guantanamo Bay_
10. [ Ethiopian national Benyam Mohammed is released from Guantanamo Bay Naval Base's detention camp. ](/news/2009/02/23/ethiopian-national-benyam-mohammed-is-released-from-guantanamo-bay-naval-base-s-detention-camp.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay detention camp, military base at Guantanamo Bay_
