
Formats: [HTML](/news/2004/08/31/a-female-suicide-bomber-kills-ten-and-injures-51-others-near-a-subway-station-in-moscow.html)  [JSON](/news/2004/08/31/a-female-suicide-bomber-kills-ten-and-injures-51-others-near-a-subway-station-in-moscow.json)  [XML](/news/2004/08/31/a-female-suicide-bomber-kills-ten-and-injures-51-others-near-a-subway-station-in-moscow.xml)  

### [2004-08-31](/news/2004/08/31/index.md)

##### Female suicide bombing
#  A female suicide bomber kills ten and injures 51 others near a subway station in Moscow. 




### Sources:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/3615970.stm)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/europe/08/31/russia.carblast/index.html)
3. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6116156)

### Related:

1. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus: Five policemen are killed in a female suicide bombing by the widow of a killed Islamic militant in Dagestan, Russia. ](/news/2012/03/7/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-five-policemen-are-killed-in-a-female-suicide-bombing-by-the-widow-of-a-killed-islamic-militant-in-dagesta.md) _Context: female suicide bombing_
2. [ Sri Lankan Civil War: A suspected Tamil Tiger suicide bomber attacks the Sri Lankan Army headquarters in the capital, Colombo, killing 8. Twenty-seven have been injured, including the army commander Lieutenant General Sarath Fonseka, as the female suicide bomber, pretending to be pregnant to conceal explosives, detonates her bomb near the military's hospital. The Sri Lankan military has begun aerial assaults on rebel positions in the north-eastern part of the island nation. ](/news/2006/04/25/sri-lankan-civil-war-a-suspected-tamil-tiger-suicide-bomber-attacks-the-sri-lankan-army-headquarters-in-the-capital-colombo-killing-8-t.md) _Context: female suicide bombing_
3. [ One Israeli is killed in West Bank ambush after Palestinian militants shot his car. The Islamic Jihad claimed responsibility, calling it retaliation for arrests of Islamic Jihad members. [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3101323,00.html (Ynet)], [http:--www.haaretz.com-hasen-spages-589578.html (Haaretz)] An unarmed Palestinian teenager, Ihab an-Nabahin, is shot by Israelis in a closed border area of the Gaza Strip, and killed according to Palestinian sources. ([http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-middle_east-4110466.stm BBC]) ([http:--english.aljazeera.net-NR-exeres-B65FF554-B970-4C7A-BF73-F874BA839EE4.htm Al-Jazeera]) According to the Israeli army, a Palestinian female suicide bomber was caught in the Erez Crossing, carrying explosives and a detonator in her underwear. Israeli media added that she planned to carry out a suicide bombing attack in the Soroka hospital, where she received medical treatment and was scheduled for a doctor's appointment (the army has not confirmed this.) The woman was identified as Wafa Samir Ibrahim Bass and said she was sent by the Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades. The al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades decline to comment. [http:--www.haaretz.com (Haaretz NewsFlash)], [http:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-3101498,00.html (Ynet)] ([http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-middle_east-4110466.stm BBC]) ([http:--english.aljazeera.net-NR-exeres-B65FF554-B970-4C7A-BF73-F874BA839EE4.htm Al-Jazeera])](/news/2005/06/20/one-israeli-is-killed-in-west-bank-ambush-after-palestinian-militants-shot-his-car-the-islamic-jihad-claimed-responsibility-calling-it-re.md) _Context: female suicide bombing_
4. [ Two Palestinian women, who the Israeli government alleges intended to carry out suicide bomb attacks, voluntarily surrender to Israeli authorities. ](/news/2004/09/19/two-palestinian-women-who-the-israeli-government-alleges-intended-to-carry-out-suicide-bomb-attacks-voluntarily-surrender-to-israeli-auth.md) _Context: female suicide bombing_
5. [ Reem El-Reyashi, a Palestinian suicide bomber, kills four border guards at the Erez Crossing. She is the first female suicide bomber used by Hamas. Four months before, Israel targeted Hamas leadership, including Ahmed Yassin, as a result Hamas halted all suicide bombing for four months. Jack Kelley, USA TODAY foreign correspondent and a finalist for a Pulitzer Prize just two years ago, was forced to resign after the newspaper determined he repeatedly misled editors during an internal investigation into stories he wrote. Among the stories that are being investigated is one published September 4, 2001, contains an account of an attack on Palestinians by 13 Jewish settlers in the West Bank. Mark Memmott, the reporter asked to investigate Kelley, said he could not find anyone with first-hand knowledge of the attack.](/news/2004/01/14/reem-el-reyashi-a-palestinian-suicide-bomber-kills-four-border-guards-at-the-erez-crossing-she-is-the-first-female-suicide-bomber-used-b.md) _Context: female suicide bombing_
