### [2004-08-31](/news/2004/08/31/index.md)

#  Former Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic, a University of Belgrade Faculty of Law graduate, opens his defence at the trial which accuses him of genocide, crimes against humanity and war crimes for his alleged role in the conflicts in which tens of thousands were killed. He maintains the charges are 'unscrupulous lies'. 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/3613020.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6113423&section=news)
2. [Cover Image](https://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [United Nations officials announce the creation of a new team in Geneva to investigate possible war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide during the Syrian Civil War in order to prepare for future prosecutions of those responsible. ](/news/2017/02/16/united-nations-officials-announce-the-creation-of-a-new-team-in-geneva-to-investigate-possible-war-crimes-crimes-against-humanity-and-genoc.md) _Context: crimes against humanity, genocide, war crimes_
2. [A French court sentences two former Rwandan mayors of the town of Kabarondo to life in prison on charges of crimes against humanity and genocide committed during the Rwandan Genocide in 1994. During the genocide, Hutu extremists massacred over 2,000 Tutsi who sought refuge in the town. ](/news/2016/07/7/a-french-court-sentences-two-former-rwandan-mayors-of-the-town-of-kabarondo-to-life-in-prison-on-charges-of-crimes-against-humanity-and-geno.md) _Context: crimes against humanity, genocide_
3. [Former Congolese militia leader Mathieu Ngudjolo Chui is acquitted by the International Criminal Court of war crimes and crimes against humanity. ](/news/2012/12/18/former-congolese-militia-leader-mathieu-ngudjolo-chui-is-acquitted-by-the-international-criminal-court-of-war-crimes-and-crimes-against-huma.md) _Context: crimes against humanity, war crimes_
4. [The trial begins of the three most senior surviving members of Cambodia's Khmer Rouge regime, on charges of genocide and crimes against humanity. ](/news/2011/11/21/the-trial-begins-of-the-three-most-senior-surviving-members-of-cambodia-s-khmer-rouge-regime-on-charges-of-genocide-and-crimes-against-huma.md) _Context: crimes against humanity, genocide_
5. [Former Bosnian Serb Colonel General Ratko Mladic is scheduled to enter a plea on charges of genocide in the Srebrenica massacre during the Bosnian war at a United Nations war crimes court. ](/news/2011/07/4/former-bosnian-serb-colonel-general-ratko-mladia-is-scheduled-to-enter-a-plea-on-charges-of-genocide-in-the-srebrenica-massacre-during-the.md) _Context: genocide, war crimes_
6. [Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir, the subject of an International Criminal Court arrest warrant for genocide, war crimes and crimes against humanity in the region of Darfur, unexpectedly delays his visit to China without official explanation, after he had already departed for an anti-terrorism conference hosted by Iran. ](/news/2011/06/27/sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-the-subject-of-an-international-criminal-court-arrest-warrant-for-genocide-war-crimes-and-crimes-against.md) _Context: crimes against humanity, genocide_
7. [The United Nations-backed Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia indict four Khmer Rouge leaders for genocide, war crimes and crimes against humanity for their role in the regime in the late 1970s, including Pol Pot's deputy Nuon Chea, former Foreign Minister Ieng Sary, Social Affairs minister Ieng Thirith and head of state Khieu Samphan. ](/news/2010/09/16/the-united-nations-backed-extraordinary-chambers-in-the-courts-of-cambodia-indict-four-khmer-rouge-leaders-for-genocide-war-crimes-and-crim.md) _Context: genocide, war crimes_
8. [ Khieu Samphan, the former Khmer Rouge head of state, is charged with war crimes and crimes against humanity by a Cambodian tribunal. ](/news/2007/11/19/khieu-samphan-the-former-khmer-rouge-head-of-state-is-charged-with-war-crimes-and-crimes-against-humanity-by-a-cambodian-tribunal.md) _Context: crimes against humanity, war crimes_
9. [ The Chief Prosecutor of the International Criminal Court names the former Sudanese minister Ahmed Muhammad Harun and Janjaweed militia leader Ali Kushayb as chief suspects in its investigation into alleged war crimes and crimes against humanity in Darfur. The Government of Sudan has announced that it will not hand over the named men to the ICC. ](/news/2007/02/27/the-chief-prosecutor-of-the-international-criminal-court-names-the-former-sudanese-minister-ahmed-muhammad-harun-and-janjaweed-militia-lead.md) _Context: crimes against humanity, war crimes_
10. [ The trial of seven former Bosnian Serb officers for alleged involvement in the Srebrenica massacre begins at The Hague war crimes tribunal. Five of the seven standing trial face genocide charges, as well as crimes against humanity. The trial is the largest yet staged at The Hague. ](/news/2006/07/14/the-trial-of-seven-former-bosnian-serb-officers-for-alleged-involvement-in-the-srebrenica-massacre-begins-at-the-hague-war-crimes-tribunal.md) _Context: crimes against humanity, genocide_
