### [2010-06-23](/news/2010/06/23/index.md)

# 1 person is killed when a crane crashes at Chennai International Airport, Chennai, India. 

One person was killed and another seriously injured when a crane suddenly crashed and fell on them during airport expansion work near the domestic terminal here today, police said. 


### Source:

1. [India Times](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/chennai/1-dead-as-crane-crashes-at-Chennai-airport/articleshow/6082265.cms)

### Related:

1. [Tropical Cyclone Vardah is expected to make landfall in southern India today bringing heavy rain to the city of Chennai in Tamil Nadu as well as Andhra Pradesh. At least four people have been killed and tens of thousands of people have been evacuated from low lying areas. ](/news/2016/12/12/tropical-cyclone-vardah-is-expected-to-make-landfall-in-southern-india-today-bringing-heavy-rain-to-the-city-of-chennai-in-tamil-nadu-as-wel.md) _Context: Chennai, India_
2. [Days of heavy rain in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu causes floods with many areas in the city of Chennai under water. The death toll from rain-related incidents has reached 188. ](/news/2015/12/2/days-of-heavy-rain-in-the-indian-state-of-tamil-nadu-causes-floods-with-many-areas-in-the-city-of-chennai-under-water-the-death-toll-from-r.md) _Context: Chennai, India_
3. [  Floods in Sri Lanka and the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu cause over 70 deaths with the city of Chennai worst affected. ](/news/2015/11/16/floods-in-sri-lanka-and-the-southern-indian-state-of-tamil-nadu-cause-over-70-deaths-with-the-city-of-chennai-worst-affected.md) _Context: Chennai, India_
4. [An 11-story building under construction collapses in the Indian city of Chennai, crushing to death 61 people, most of them workers on site. ](/news/2014/07/4/an-11-story-building-under-construction-collapses-in-the-indian-city-of-chennai-crushing-to-death-61-people-most-of-them-workers-on-site.md) _Context: Chennai, India_
5. [ 42 people die following a stampede in the Indian city of Chennai. ](/news/2005/12/18/42-people-die-following-a-stampede-in-the-indian-city-of-chennai.md) _Context: Chennai, India_
6. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims it has a "basic consensus" with Bhutan and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-it.md) _Context: India_
7. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
10. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan, China releases a map detailing pieces of land claimed by Bhutan and India as belonging to China. China claims, via the map, that territory up until Gipmochi belongs to China and claims it's supported by the 1890 Convention of Calcutta. ](/news/2017/07/1/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-china-releases-a-map-detailing-pieces-of-land-claimed-by-bhutan-and-india-as-belon.md) _Context: India_
