### [2010-06-23](/news/2010/06/23/index.md)

# An earthquake occurs 56 kilometres north-northeast of Ottawa, registering a 5.0 on the Richter scale. Slight damage was reported near the epicenter, and the tremor was felt in Sudbury, Windsor, Ann Arbor, Detroit, Toronto, Milwaukee, Northern Pennsylvania, Ohio and New York State. 

A 5.0 magnitude quake has rocked Ottawa and the surrounding area, sending thousands of shaky and scared people into city streets.


### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/canada/ottawa/story/2010/06/23/tor-earthquake.html)
2. [Ottawa Citizen](http://www.ottawacitizen.com/news/Rare+earthquake+shakes+central+Canada/3191755/story.html)
3. [Ottawa Sun](http://www.ottawasun.com/news/ottawa/2010/06/23/14488346.html)

### Related:

1. [Lake effect snow pummels areas around the Great Lake states, including New York, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin and Ohio, stranding hundreds of vehicles and causing Erie County, New York, to declare a state of emergency. ](/news/2014/11/18/lake-effect-snow-pummels-areas-around-the-great-lake-states-including-new-york-pennsylvania-michigan-wisconsin-and-ohio-stranding-hundr.md) _Context: New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania_
2. [The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-expands-beyond-ohio-with-the.md) _Context: Ohio, Pennsylvania_
3. [Four state Democratic Parties sue  the Donald Trump presidential campaign, the state Republican Parties, and "Stop the Steal"  group founder Roger Stone  for voter intimidation in the states of Ohio, Pennsylvania, Nevada, and Arizona. ](/news/2016/11/1/four-state-democratic-parties-sue-the-donald-trump-presidential-campaign-the-state-republican-parties-and-stop-the-steal-group-founder.md) _Context: Ohio, Pennsylvania_
4. [Canada and the U.S. state of Michigan announce a deal to construct a bridge between the U.S. city of Detroit and the Canadian city of Windsor, Ontario. ](/news/2012/06/15/canada-and-the-u-s-state-of-michigan-announce-a-deal-to-construct-a-bridge-between-the-u-s-city-of-detroit-and-the-canadian-city-of-windso.md) _Context: Detroit, Windsor, Ontario_
5. [United States Republican presidential primaries, 2012:Voters in five US states go to the polls, with presumptive Republican nominee Mitt Romney projected to win in New York, Pennsylvania,  Delaware, Connecticut and Rhode Island. ](/news/2012/04/24/united-states-republican-presidential-primaries-2012-pvoters-in-five-us-states-go-to-the-polls-with-presumptive-republican-nominee-mitt-ro.md) _Context: New York, Pennsylvania_
6. [2011 Northeastern United States floods following Tropical Storm Lee:The National Weather Service issues flash flooding warnings for the states of New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, Connecticut, Maryland and Virginia. ](/news/2011/09/8/2011-northeastern-united-states-floods-following-tropical-storm-lee-pthe-national-weather-service-issues-flash-flooding-warnings-for-the-sta.md) _Context: New York, Pennsylvania_
7. [ Ralph "Bucky" Phillips, the most recent addition to the FBI Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list, surrenders to Pennsylvania State Police.  He is wanted for shooting three New York State troopers, one of whom died, after he escaped from jail. ](/news/2006/09/8/ralph-bucky-phillips-the-most-recent-addition-to-the-fbi-ten-most-wanted-fugitives-list-surrenders-to-pennsylvania-state-police-he-is.md) _Context: New York, Pennsylvania_
8. [ Up to 200,000 people in the Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania area of the northeast United States are ordered to evacuate their homes due to the rising level of the Susquehanna River. 46 of 67 of Pennsylvania's counties are under a state of emergency. Extensive flooding is also occurring in surrounding states, including New York, where Governor George Pataki states "This is the worst flooding by far I've seen in my 12 years as governor." Governor Jon Corzine declares his entire state under a state of emergency. ](/news/2006/06/28/up-to-200-000-people-in-the-wilkes-barre-pennsylvania-area-of-the-northeast-united-states-are-ordered-to-evacuate-their-homes-due-to-the-r.md) _Context: New York, Pennsylvania_
9. [ North America: The Canadian provinces, Ontario and Quebec and the US states Illinois, Indiana, Michigan, Minnesota, New York, Ohio, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin sign an international agreement to preclude significant water diversion from the Great Lakes. ](/news/2005/12/13/north-america-the-canadian-provinces-ontario-and-quebec-and-the-us-states-illinois-indiana-michigan-minnesota-new-york-ohio-pennsyl.md) _Context: Ohio, Pennsylvania_
10. [Traditional cigarette smoking is a major risk factor for bladder cancer. e-Cigarettes have gained popularity, in part because they are perceived as a safer alternative. Researchers at the University of Pittsburgh in Pennsylvania describe at the American Urological Association a study in which the widely held belief that e-cigarettes do not pose a cancer threat may be wishful thinking. The new pilot study that focuses on the potential impact on bladder cancer. The small study showed that two known carcinogens, o-toluidine and 2-naphthylamine, were found in the urine of e-cigarette users but not in nonusers. Previous studies of traditional cigarette smokers have identified o-toluidine and 2-naphthylamine as the two most carcinogenic molecules for the bladder. ](/news/2017/05/15/traditional-cigarette-smoking-is-a-major-risk-factor-for-bladder-cancer-e-cigarettes-have-gained-popularity-in-part-because-they-are-perce.md) _Context: Pennsylvania_
