### [2010-06-23](/news/2010/06/23/index.md)

# The International Whaling Commission does not reach agreement on curbing whaling by Japan, Norway and Iceland in a meeting in Agadir, Morocco. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''San Jose Mercury News](http://www.mercurynews.com/business/ci_15356866?nclick_check=1)

### Related:

1. [Japan advises the International Whaling Commission that it plans to resume hunting minke whales for scientific research in the Antarctic Ocean by the end of March 2016. The United Nations' International Court of Justice (ICJ) ruled in March 2014 that Japan's decades-old whale hunt in the Antarctic should stop, prompting Tokyo to cancel the bulk of its whaling for the 2014/2015 season. ICJ decisions were binding and cannot be appealed. ](/news/2015/11/28/japan-advises-the-international-whaling-commission-that-it-plans-to-resume-hunting-minke-whales-for-scientific-research-in-the-antarctic-oce.md) _Context: International Whaling Commission , Japan, hunt_
2. [An investigation by "The Sunday Times" alleges that Japan has bribed smaller nations in exchange for their vote to resume whaling at the International Whaling Commission. ](/news/2010/06/13/an-investigation-by-the-sunday-times-alleges-that-japan-has-bribed-smaller-nations-in-exchange-for-their-vote-to-resume-whaling-at-the-int.md) _Context: International Whaling Commission , Japan, hunt_
3. [ Officials gather in Madeira to strike a deal on whaling, with Japan and Iceland likely to insist on their right to hunt. ](/news/2009/06/22/officials-gather-in-madeira-to-strike-a-deal-on-whaling-with-japan-and-iceland-likely-to-insist-on-their-right-to-hunt.md) _Context: Iceland, Japan, hunt_
4. [ Japan fails to win in its bid to lift a commercial moratorium on whaling at the International Whaling Commission. ](/news/2007/05/31/japan-fails-to-win-in-its-bid-to-lift-a-commercial-moratorium-on-whaling-at-the-international-whaling-commission.md) _Context: International Whaling Commission , Japan, hunt_
5. [ Japan holds an international conference to push for the resumption of commercial whaling. Anti-whaling nations in the International Whaling Commission such as the United States, United Kingdom and Australia have boycotted the conference. ](/news/2007/02/13/japan-holds-an-international-conference-to-push-for-the-resumption-of-commercial-whaling-anti-whaling-nations-in-the-international-whaling.md) _Context: International Whaling Commission , Japan, hunt_
6. [ Icelandic fisherman kill a Fin Whale, breaking the International Whaling Commission's ban on commercial whaling. ](/news/2006/10/22/icelandic-fisherman-kill-a-fin-whale-breaking-the-international-whaling-commission-s-ban-on-commercial-whaling.md) _Context: Iceland, International Whaling Commission , hunt_
7. [ John Howard, the Prime Minister of Australia, has written to his Japanese counterpart, Junichiro Koizumi, urging Japan to reconsider its position on whaling. The International Whaling Commission is expected to consider Japan's expansion proposal when it meets next month. ](/news/2005/05/24/john-howard-the-prime-minister-of-australia-has-written-to-his-japanese-counterpart-junichiro-koizumi-urging-japan-to-reconsider-its-po.md) _Context: International Whaling Commission , Japan, hunt_
8. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Japan, Norway_
9. [Australia is threatening to take legal action against Japan over its resumption of its controversial whale hunt in the Antarctic Ocean. A whaling fleet set sail last week, ignoring international condemnation, and last year's ruling by the International Court of Justice (ICJ) prohibiting these hunts. ](/news/2015/12/7/australia-is-threatening-to-take-legal-action-against-japan-over-its-resumption-of-its-controversial-whale-hunt-in-the-antarctic-ocean-a-wh.md) _Context: Japan, hunt_
10. [Japan announces plans to resume whaling in the Antarctic during the southern hemisphere summer. Commercial whaling has been banned for over 30 years by the International Whaling Commission. ](/news/2015/06/22/japan-announces-plans-to-resume-whaling-in-the-antarctic-during-the-southern-hemisphere-summer-commercial-whaling-has-been-banned-for-over.md) _Context: International Whaling Commission , Japan_
