
Formats: [HTML](/news/2001/09/11/canada-s-border-with-the-united-states-is-on-high-alert-in-the-aftermath-of-the-terrorist-attacks-in-the-united-states-so-the-canadian-gove.html)  [JSON](/news/2001/09/11/canada-s-border-with-the-united-states-is-on-high-alert-in-the-aftermath-of-the-terrorist-attacks-in-the-united-states-so-the-canadian-gove.json)  [XML](/news/2001/09/11/canada-s-border-with-the-united-states-is-on-high-alert-in-the-aftermath-of-the-terrorist-attacks-in-the-united-states-so-the-canadian-gove.xml)  

### [2001-09-11](/news/2001/09/11/index.md)

##### United States
#  Canada's border with the United States is on high alert in the aftermath of the terrorist attacks in the United States so the Canadian government initiates both "Operation Support" and "Operation Yellow Ribbon." Early speculation about the source of the attacks centered on Saudi-born terrorist leader Osama bin Laden, who was living in and working from Afghanistan. Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan leaders condemned the attacks and rejected suggestions that Osama bin Laden could be behind them. Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Tony Blair cancels a speech he was due to give to the TUC, and pledges to "stand shoulder to shoulder" with the United States.




### Changes:

1. [ Reactions to the September 11 attacks: Canada's border with the United States is on high alert in the aftermath of the terrorist attacks in the United States so the Canadian government initiates both "Operation Support" and "Operation Yellow Ribbon." Early speculation about the source of the attacks centered on Saudi-born terrorist leader Osama bin Laden, who was living in and working from Afghanistan. Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan leaders condemned the attacks and rejected suggestions that Osama bin Laden could be behind them. Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Tony Blair cancels a speech he was due to give to the TUC, and pledges to "stand shoulder to shoulder" with the United States.](/news/2001/09/11/reactions-to-the-september-11-attacks-p-canada-s-border-with-the-united-states-is-on-high-alert-in-the-aftermath-of-the-terrorist-attacks-i.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:15 (First version)_
2. [ Reactions to the September 11 attacks:: Canada's border with the United States is on high alert in the aftermath of the terrorist attacks in the United States so the Canadian government initiates both "Operation Support" and "Operation Yellow Ribbon.": Early speculation about the source of the attacks centered on Saudi-born terrorist leader Osama bin Laden, who was living in and working from Afghanistan. Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan leaders condemned the attacks and rejected suggestions that Osama bin Laden could be behind them.: Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Tony Blair cancels a speech he was due to give to the TUC, and pledges to "stand shoulder to shoulder" with the United States.](/news/2001/09/11/reactions-to-the-september-11-attacks-canada-s-border-with-the-united-states-is-on-high-alert-in-the-aftermath-of-the-terrorist-attacks-i.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:15 (Update)_
2. [ Canada's border with the United States is on high alert in the aftermath of the terrorist attacks in the United States so the Canadian government initiates both "Operation Support" and "Operation Yellow Ribbon." Early speculation about the source of the attacks centered on Saudi-born terrorist leader Osama bin Laden, who was living in and working from Afghanistan. Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan leaders condemned the attacks and rejected suggestions that Osama bin Laden could be behind them. Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Tony Blair cancels a speech he was due to give to the TUC, and pledges to "stand shoulder to shoulder" with the United States.](/news/2001/09/11/canada-s-border-with-the-united-states-is-on-high-alert-in-the-aftermath-of-the-terrorist-attacks-in-the-united-states-so-the-canadian-gove.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) confirms its deputy leader Khalid Mehsud has been killed in a U.S. drone strike in North Waziristan, near the border with Afghanistan. ](/news/2018/02/12/tehrik-i-taliban-pakistan-ttp-confirms-its-deputy-leader-khalid-mehsud-has-been-killed-in-a-u-s-drone-strike-in-north-waziristan-near-th.md) _Context: Afghan, United States_
2. [Researchers note that in November 2017, Strava, which processes data from apps and Internet of Things devices such as Fitbit, accidentally revealed the locations of alleged United States military bases overseas, including in Afghanistan, Djibouti and Syria. ](/news/2018/01/28/researchers-note-that-in-november-2017-strava-which-processes-data-from-apps-and-internet-of-things-devices-such-as-fitbit-accidentally-r.md) _Context: Afghan, United States_
3. [Two U.S. service members are killed and a third is injured during a raid against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/27/two-u-s-service-members-are-killed-and-a-third-is-injured-during-a-raid-against-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s-nangarhar-province.md) _Context: Afghan, United States_
4. [Afghanistan's first female Air Force pilot Niloofar Rahmani files for asylum in the United States. ](/news/2016/12/25/afghanistan-s-first-female-air-force-pilot-niloofar-rahmani-files-for-asylum-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Afghan, United States_
5. [A U.S. service member becomes the first U.S. military combat casualty in Afghanistan since January 2016 when he is killed by an improvised explosive device (IED) while on patrol near the city of Lashkar Gah in Afghanistan's southern Helmand Province. Another American service member and six Afghan soldiers were also injured in the blast. ](/news/2016/08/23/a-u-s-service-member-becomes-the-first-u-s-military-combat-casualty-in-afghanistan-since-january-2016-when-he-is-killed-by-an-improvised-e.md) _Context: Afghan, United States_
