### [2001-09-11](/news/2001/09/11/index.md)

#  Reactions to the September 11 attacks: Canada's border with the United States is on high alert in the aftermath of the terrorist attacks in the United States so the Canadian government initiates both "Operation Support" and "Operation Yellow Ribbon." Early speculation about the source of the attacks centered on Saudi-born terrorist leader Osama bin Laden, who was living in and working from Afghanistan. Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan leaders condemned the attacks and rejected suggestions that Osama bin Laden could be behind them. Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Tony Blair cancels a speech he was due to give to the TUC, and pledges to "stand shoulder to shoulder" with the United States.




### Related:

1. [Two U.S. service members are killed and a third is injured during a raid against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/27/two-u-s-service-members-are-killed-and-a-third-is-injured-during-a-raid-against-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s-nangarhar-province.md) _Context: Afghanistan, American_
2. [Afghanistan's first female Air Force pilot Niloofar Rahmani files for asylum in the United States. ](/news/2016/12/25/afghanistan-s-first-female-air-force-pilot-niloofar-rahmani-files-for-asylum-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Afghanistan, American_
3. [A U.S. service member becomes the first U.S. military combat casualty in Afghanistan since January 2016 when he is killed by an improvised explosive device (IED) while on patrol near the city of Lashkar Gah in Afghanistan's southern Helmand Province. Another American service member and six Afghan soldiers were also injured in the blast. ](/news/2016/08/23/a-u-s-service-member-becomes-the-first-u-s-military-combat-casualty-in-afghanistan-since-january-2016-when-he-is-killed-by-an-improvised-e.md) _Context: Afghanistan, American_
4. [Hamza bin Laden, the son of the slain Osama bin Laden, threatens a genocide against the United States to retaliate for his father's killing. ](/news/2016/07/10/hamza-bin-laden-the-son-of-the-slain-osama-bin-laden-threatens-a-genocide-against-the-united-states-to-retaliate-for-his-father-s-killing.md) _Context: American, Osama bin Laden_
5. [The United States sends more troops to Afghanistan's southern Helmand province to shore up security forces who are facing sustained attacks from the Taliban. ](/news/2016/02/9/the-united-states-sends-more-troops-to-afghanistan-s-southern-helmand-province-to-shore-up-security-forces-who-are-facing-sustained-attacks.md) _Context: Afghanistan, American_
6. [A suicide-bomb attack on a joint Afghan-U.S. patrol near Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan's Parwan Province, kills at least six U.S. soldiers and wounds another six. The Taliban's spokesman, Zabiullah Mujahid, claims responsibility for the attack in a message on Twitter. ](/news/2015/12/21/a-suicide-bomb-attack-on-a-joint-afghan-u-s-patrol-near-bagram-air-base-in-afghanistan-s-parwan-province-kills-at-least-six-u-s-soldiers.md) _Context: Afghanistan, American_
7. [Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors without Borders) calls for activating the International Humanitarian Fact-Finding Commission - for the first time since its 1991 creation under the Geneva Conventions - to investigate the deadly U.S. bombing of MSF's hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan. MSF says it does not trust internal military inquiries into the bombing that killed at least 22 people, which it considers a war crime. ](/news/2015/10/7/ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-calls-for-activating-the-international-humanitarian-fact-finding-commission-a-for-the.md) _Context: Afghanistan, American_
8. [A cache of classified intelligence documents published from The Intercept, released by an anonymous whistleblower, highlight details surrounding post-September 11 attacks United States drone strikes in Afghanistan, Somalia, and Yemen, alleging that the United States conducts these strikes under extremely unreliable information and faulty pretenses. ](/news/2015/10/15/a-cache-of-classified-intelligence-documents-published-from-the-intercept-released-by-an-anonymous-whistleblower-highlight-details-surroun.md) _Context: Afghanistan, American_
9. [A suicide car bomb kills 25 people and wounds 10 in southeastern Afghanistan close to a U.S. base. ](/news/2015/07/12/a-suicide-car-bomb-kills-25-people-and-wounds-10-in-southeastern-afghanistan-close-to-a-u-s-base.md) _Context: Afghanistan, American_
10. [Abu Anas al-Libi, a one-time associate of Osama bin Laden, dies in New York, United States, while awaiting trial for allegedly plotting the bombings of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania. ](/news/2015/01/2/abu-anas-al-libi-a-one-time-associate-of-osama-bin-laden-dies-in-new-york-united-states-while-awaiting-trial-for-allegedly-plotting-the.md) _Context: American, Osama bin Laden_
