### [2001-09-11](/news/2001/09/11/index.md)

#  September 11 attacks: Planes are hijacked by al-Qaeda members and flown into the World Trade Center in New York City, The Pentagon, and a field in Pennsylvania, killing 2,996 people.




### Related:

1. [The Police Department of Everett, Washington, identifies and returns the American flag from the September 11 attacks to Ground Zero, the World Trade Center site in New York City. ](/news/2016/09/8/the-police-department-of-everett-washington-identifies-and-returns-the-american-flag-from-the-september-11-attacks-to-ground-zero-the-wor.md) _Context: New York City, September 11 attacks_
2. [Hillary Clinton's doctor says she is being treated for pneumonia and dehydration after the Democratic Party presidential candidate fell ill and abruptly left a ceremony in New York City honoring the 15th anniversary of the September 11 attacks. ](/news/2016/09/11/hillary-clinton-s-doctor-says-she-is-being-treated-for-pneumonia-and-dehydration-after-the-democratic-party-presidential-candidate-fell-ill.md) _Context: New York City, September 11 attacks_
3. [ The Pentagon rejects a Russian proposal to stage joint airstrikes against Al-Qaeda linked groups in Syria. ](/news/2016/05/21/the-pentagon-rejects-a-russian-proposal-to-stage-joint-airstrikes-against-al-qaeda-linked-groups-in-syria.md) _Context: United States military, al-Qaeda_
4. [Swedish deputy prime minister Asa Romson is criticized after referring to the September 11 attacks in New York as mere "accidents". Romson made the comments on public television while discussing the resignation of housing minister Mehmet Kaplan who had compared Israel's treatment of Arabs to the Nazis' treatment of Jews during the Holocaust. ](/news/2016/04/19/swedish-deputy-prime-minister-asa-romson-is-criticized-after-referring-to-the-september-11-attacks-in-new-york-as-mere-accidents-romson.md) _Context: New York City, September 11 attacks_
5. [The Democrat-controlled United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence releases a report critical of the post-September 11 Bush Administration-era CIA interrogation techniques used to extract intelligence from captured Al-Qaeda operatives. The Obama Administration places US embassies around the world on high alert. ](/news/2014/12/9/the-democrat-controlled-united-states-senate-select-committee-on-intelligence-releases-a-report-critical-of-the-post-september-11-bush-admin.md) _Context: September 11 attacks, al-Qaeda_
6. [One World Trade Center officially opens, replacing its predecessor 13 years after the September 11 attacks. ](/news/2014/11/3/one-world-trade-center-officially-opens-replacing-its-predecessor-13-years-after-the-september-11-attacks.md) _Context: September 11 attacks, predecessor_
7. [Jose Pimentel, a 27-year-old Dominican-American, is arrested in New York City after planning to detonate pipe bombs, according to New York mayor Michael Bloomberg. The suspect is believed to have Al-Qaeda sympathies, although no wider conspiracy is suspected. ](/news/2011/11/20/jose-pimentel-a-27-year-old-dominican-american-is-arrested-in-new-york-city-after-planning-to-detonate-pipe-bombs-according-to-new-york-m.md) _Context: New York City, al-Qaeda_
8. [United States counterterrorism officials investigate reports of a potential terrorist threat against either New York City or Washington DC, linked to the 10th anniversary of the September 11 attacks on Sunday. ](/news/2011/09/8/united-states-counterterrorism-officials-investigate-reports-of-a-potential-terrorist-threat-against-either-new-york-city-or-washington-dc.md) _Context: New York City, September 11 attacks_
9. [President of the United States Barack Obama visits the World Trade Center site in New York City to commemorate the victims of the September 11 attacks following the death of Osama bin Laden. ](/news/2011/05/5/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-visits-the-world-trade-center-site-in-new-york-city-to-commemorate-the-victims-of-the-september.md) _Context: New York City, September 11 attacks_
10. [Thousands of people gather at Ground Zero of the September 11 attacks in New York to celebrate the news that Osama bin Laden has been killed. ](/news/2011/05/2/thousands-of-people-gather-at-ground-zero-of-the-september-11-attacks-in-new-york-to-celebrate-the-news-that-osama-bin-laden-has-been-killed.md) _Context: New York City, September 11 attacks_
