### [2017-08-20](/news/2017/08/20/index.md)

# Iraqi security forces, along with Shi'ite volunteers and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters,  launch a ground offensive to take the city of Tal Afar back from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. Tal Afar has been isolated from the rest of the ISIL-held territory since the recent Mosul liberation. 

Iraqi security forces launched on Sunday an offensive to take back the city of Tal Afar, their next objective in the U.S.-backed campaign to defeat Islamic State militants, Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi said.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/08/iraq-launches-offensive-retake-tal-afar-isil-170820003243879.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-iraq-tal-afar-idUSKCN1B0005)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations reports that ISIL appears to have captured up to 3,000 fleeing Iraqi villagers from Hawija District headed to Kirkuk city. Militants  reportedly executed 12 people. Earlier, the Iraqi Observatory for Human Rights said ISIL is  using people for human shields against attacks by Iraqi security forces. ](/news/2016/08/5/the-united-nations-reports-that-isil-appears-to-have-captured-up-to-3-000-fleeing-iraqi-villagers-from-hawija-district-headed-to-kirkuk-city.md) _Context: Iraqi security forces, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
2. [According to the United States Department of Defense, ISIL fighters killed a Navy SEAL near Erbil. The sailor was assisting Kurdish Peshmerga forces in repelling an attack on the area. The SEAL was later identified as Arizona native Charles Keating IV, the son of Charles Keating III, and the grandson of the convicted noted late financier Charles Keating Jr., who was embroiled in the 1980s savings and loan scandal. ](/news/2016/05/3/according-to-the-united-states-department-of-defense-isil-fighters-killed-a-navy-seal-near-erbil-the-sailor-was-assisting-kurdish-peshmerg.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Kurdish Peshmerga_
3. [During a visit to Baghdad, U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter announces  that the United States will be sending more troops to the country to help in the fight against ISIL. The U.S. also plans to give Kurdish Peshmerga forces, which are fighting ISIL on the ground, more than $400m (PS280m; EUR350m) in assistance. ](/news/2016/04/18/during-a-visit-to-baghdad-u-s-defense-secretary-ash-carter-announces-that-the-united-states-will-be-sending-more-troops-to-the-country-to.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Kurdish Peshmerga_
4. [At least 40 people are killed and 58 others wounded following a suicide bombing at a Shi'ite funeral in the city of Miqdadiyah, Diyala Governorate. ISIL claim responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/02/29/at-least-40-people-are-killed-and-58-others-wounded-following-a-suicide-bombing-at-a-shi-ite-funeral-in-the-city-of-miqdadiyah-diyala-gover.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Shi'ite volunteers_
5. [At least 13 civilians have been killed by a roadside bomb while fleeing from fighting between Iraqi security forces and ISIL near Ramadi. ](/news/2016/01/17/at-least-13-civilians-have-been-killed-by-a-roadside-bomb-while-fleeing-from-fighting-between-iraqi-security-forces-and-isil-near-ramadi.md) _Context: Iraqi security forces, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Kurdish Peshmerga forces backed by U.S. airstrikes seize control of Sinjar in northern Iraq. Sinjar has been under Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant occupation since August 2014. ](/news/2015/11/13/kurdish-peshmerga-forces-backed-by-u-s-airstrikes-seize-control-of-sinjar-in-northern-iraq-sinjar-has-been-under-islamic-state-of-iraq-and.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Kurdish Peshmerga_
7. [Kurdish forces, backed by U.S. airstrikes, capture several villages in an offensive to retake the Iraqi town of Sinjar from Islamic State militants, who overran it more than a year ago. The operation aims to cordon off the town, take control of Islamic State supply routes, and establish a buffer zone to protect the town from artillery, according to the Kurdish national security council. ](/news/2015/11/12/kurdish-forces-backed-by-u-s-airstrikes-capture-several-villages-in-an-offensive-to-retake-the-iraqi-town-of-sinjar-from-islamic-state-mi.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Kurdish Peshmerga_
8. [Islamic State fighters kill Kurdish commander Brigadier General Shirko Rauf and five other peshmerga soldiers in heavy fighting in Iraq's Kirkuk province. ](/news/2015/01/30/islamic-state-fighters-kill-kurdish-commander-brigadier-general-shirko-rauf-and-five-other-peshmerga-soldiers-in-heavy-fighting-in-iraq-s-ki.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Kurdish Peshmerga_
9. [A hospital in the northern Iraqi city of Tal Afar says that 29 suspected ISIL fighters were killed in airstrikes last night. ](/news/2014/10/7/a-hospital-in-the-northern-iraqi-city-of-tal-afar-says-that-29-suspected-isil-fighters-were-killed-in-airstrikes-last-night.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Tal Afar_
10. [Kurdish peshmergas retake the city of Zumar and several nearby villages from ISIS, while Iraqi government forces and Shi'ite militias seize control of Jurf Al Sakhar. ](/news/2014/10/25/kurdish-peshmergas-retake-the-city-of-zumar-and-several-nearby-villages-from-isis-while-iraqi-government-forces-and-shi-ite-militias-seize.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Kurdish Peshmerga_
