### [2017-08-20](/news/2017/08/20/index.md)

# The director of the BBC World Service says it is prepared for the North Korean government's reaction over the targeted launch of a radio service on North Korea in September, despite the recent international tensions. The North Korean embassy in London has already told the BBC "in no uncertain terms" that Pyongyang does not want any such service. 

Director of BBC World Service says tensions over North Korea’s nuclear tests vindicate the launch of a targeted service


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/media/2017/aug/20/bbc-braces-for-backlash-over-north-korea-service)

### Related:

1. [Amid tensions from South Korea, U.S. President Donald Trump announces that he is "allowing Japan and South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States." ](/news/2017/09/5/amid-tensions-from-south-korea-u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-that-he-is-allowing-japan-and-south-korea-to-buy-a-substantially-incr.md) _Context: 2017 North Korea crisis_
2. [South Korean Defense Minister Song Young-moo says it is worth reviewing deployment of U.S. strategic assets (aircraft carriers, nuclear submarines, and B-52 bombers) to South Korea more regularly. ](/news/2017/09/4/south-korean-defense-minister-song-young-moo-says-it-is-worth-reviewing-deployment-of-u-s-strategic-assets-aircraft-carriers-nuclear-subm.md) _Context: 2017 North Korea crisis_
3. [A 6.3 magnitude earthquake is detected near the Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site in Kilju County, North Korea, after North Korea tests its sixth and most powerful nuclear weapon to date. North Korean state media claims the country tested a hydrogen bomb that can be fitted on an ICBM. ](/news/2017/09/3/a-6-3-magnitude-earthquake-is-detected-near-the-punggye-ri-nuclear-test-site-in-kilju-county-north-korea-after-north-korea-tests-its-sixth.md) _Context: 2017 North Korea crisis_
4. [ A North Korean missile flies over Hokkaido, Japan, triggering the J-Alert system, following a similar event on 29 August. ](/news/2017/09/15/a-north-korean-missile-flies-over-hokkaido-japan-triggering-the-j-alert-system-following-a-similar-event-on-29-august.md) _Context: 2017 North Korea crisis_
5. [The United Nations Security Council approves new sanctions on North Korea, limiting refined petroleum imports and banning textile exports, in response to its recent nuclear test. ](/news/2017/09/11/the-united-nations-security-council-approves-new-sanctions-on-north-korea-limiting-refined-petroleum-imports-and-banning-textile-exports-i.md) _Context: 2017 North Korea crisis_
6. [South Korean President Moon Jae-in and U.S. President Donald Trump agree to revise the South Korea Ballistic Missile Range Guidelines which caps South Korea's missile development. ](/news/2017/09/1/south-korean-president-moon-jae-in-and-u-s-president-donald-trump-agree-to-revise-the-south-korea-ballistic-missile-range-guidelines-which.md) _Context: 2017 North Korea crisis_
7. [U.S. President Donald Trump promises "fire and fury like the world has never seen" if North Korea threatens the United States. ](/news/2017/08/8/u-s-president-donald-trump-promises-fire-and-fury-like-the-world-has-never-seen-if-north-korea-threatens-the-united-states.md) _Context: 2017 North Korea crisis_
8. [North Korea fires a Hwasong-12 ballistic missile which flies 2,700 km, passing over Hokkaido, northern Japan, prompting the activation of the nationwide J-Alert warning system. This is first time since 2009 that a North Korean missile has passed over Japanese territory. ](/news/2017/08/29/north-korea-fires-a-hwasong-12-ballistic-missile-which-flies-2-700-km-passing-over-hokkaido-northern-japan-prompting-the-activation-of-th.md) _Context: 2017 North Korea crisis_
9. [The South Korean military reports North Korea has fired several short-range projectiles into the sea from its eastern Kangwon province. The U.S. military says three short-range missile launches either exploded on launch or failed in flight. ](/news/2017/08/26/the-south-korean-military-reports-north-korea-has-fired-several-short-range-projectiles-into-the-sea-from-its-eastern-kangwon-province-the.md) _Context: 2017 North Korea crisis_
10. [The International Institute for Strategic Studies releases a report arguing that North Korea has acquired a high-performance liquid-propellant engine for its missile program, probably from illicit networks in Russia and Ukraine, likely produced by Yuzhmash facilities. Ukraine denies the allegations. ](/news/2017/08/14/the-international-institute-for-strategic-studies-releases-a-report-arguing-that-north-korea-has-acquired-a-high-performance-liquid-propella.md) _Context: 2017 North Korea crisis_
