### [2016-11-10](/news/2016/11/10/index.md)

# Presidential transition of Donald Trump. President-elect of the United States Donald Trump meets with President Barack Obama for the first time at the White House. 

President Barack Obama describes White House transition talks with Donald Trump as &quot;excellent&quot;.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/election-us-2016-37932231)

### Related:

1. [2017 dismissal of U.S. attorneys. United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions requests the resignations of 46 Barack Obama-era chief federal prosecutors, including United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara, who was previously told to stay on by then President-elect Donald Trump in November. ](/news/2017/03/10/2017-dismissal-of-u-s-attorneys-united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-requests-the-resignations-of-46-barack-obama-era-chief-federa.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Donald Trump, President-elect_
2. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump. President-elect Donald Trump appoints businessman and son-in-law Jared Kushner as his senior advisor in the White House. ](/news/2017/01/10/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-donald-trump-appoints-businessman-and-son-in-law-jared-kushner-as-his-senior-adviso.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Presidential transition of Donald Trump, White House_
3. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump. President-elect Donald Trump names Carl Icahn as the Special Advisor to the President on Regulatory Reform. ](/news/2016/12/21/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-donald-trump-names-carl-icahn-as-the-special-advisor-to-the-president-on-regulatory.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect, Presidential transition of Donald Trump_
4. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump. President-elect Donald Trump formally announces ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson as his choice for United States Secretary of State. ](/news/2016/12/13/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-donald-trump-formally-announces-exxonmobil-ceo-rex-tillerson-as-his-choice-for-unit.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect, Presidential transition of Donald Trump_
5. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump. President-elect Donald Trump names South Carolina governor Nikki Haley as United States Ambassador to the United Nations. ](/news/2016/11/23/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-donald-trump-names-south-carolina-governor-nikki-haley-as-united-states-ambassador.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect, Presidential transition of Donald Trump_
6. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump. Officials serving on President-elect Donald Trump's transition team reveal selections for high-level positions, including Senator Jeff Sessions for Attorney General, Mike Pompeo for Director of the CIA and Michael T. Flynn for National Security Advisor. ](/news/2016/11/18/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-officials-serving-on-president-elect-donald-trump-s-transition-team-reveal-selections-for-high-leve.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect, Presidential transition of Donald Trump_
7. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump. Ben Carson, former GOP presidential candidate, current advisor to President-elect Donald Trump and retired neurosurgeon, has decided to not accept a Cabinet position in the Trump administration. ](/news/2016/11/15/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-ben-carson-former-gop-presidential-candidate-current-advisor-to-president-elect-donald-trump-and.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect, Presidential transition of Donald Trump_
8. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump. President-elect of the United States Donald Trump says he plans to deport or imprison up to 3 million illegal migrants, targeting those with criminal records. ](/news/2016/11/13/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-says-he-plans-to-deport-or-imprison-up-to-3-milli.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President-elect, Presidential transition of Donald Trump_
9. [U.S. President Barack Obama meets with the Gulf Cooperation Council at the White House with a proposed nuclear deal with Iran top of the agenda.](/news/2015/05/14/u-s-president-barack-obama-meets-with-the-gulf-cooperation-council-at-the-white-house-with-a-proposed-nuclear-deal-with-iran-top-of-the-age.md) _Context: Barack Obama, White House, president_
10. [United States federal government shutdown of 2013:. U.S. President Barack Obama, the White House Office of Management and Budget, issues a partial shutdown of government agencies after the House and Senate fail to come to an agreement on a spending bill to keep government operations running. ](/news/2013/10/1/united-states-federal-government-shutdown-of-2013-u-s-president-barack-obama-the-white-house-office-of-management-and-budget-issues-a-p.md) _Context: Barack Obama, White House, president_
