### [2003-09-24](/news/2003/09/24/index.md)

#  After several postponements the European Parliament finally passes a directive concerning the "patentability of computer-implemented inventions". The final text differs substantially from the original proposal and is seen as going a long way in addressing the concerns that it would legalize patents on software and business methods. The directive should now be under review by the Council of the European Union.




### Related:

1. [The European Parliament adopts a uniform patent system for members of the European Union. ](/news/2012/12/11/the-european-parliament-adopts-a-uniform-patent-system-for-members-of-the-european-union.md) _Context: European Parliament, patent_
2. [ Software patents: After protests, the European Parliament has postponed its decision about legality of patents on software in the European Union from September 1 to September 22.](/news/2003/08/30/software-patents-after-protests-the-european-parliament-has-postponed-its-decision-about-legality-of-patents-on-software-in-the-european.md) _Context: European Parliament, software patent_
3. [The Supreme Court of Canada ruled that the Harvard mouse, designed for its usefulness in cancer research, is not patentable. In its view such a higher life form does not fall within the definition of invention.](/news/2002/12/5/the-supreme-court-of-canada-ruled-that-the-harvard-mouse-designed-for-its-usefulness-in-cancer-research-is-not-patentable-in-its-view-suc.md) _Context: invention, patent_
4. [Apple Inc. and Nokia agree to increase their partnership after settling a patent dispute. ](/news/2017/05/23/apple-inc-and-nokia-agree-to-increase-their-partnership-after-settling-a-patent-dispute.md) _Context: patent_
5. [Representatives of the European Parliament and European Council sign a document formally granting Ukrainians visa-free travel to the European Union. The visa-free regime is due to enter into force on June 11. ](/news/2017/05/17/representatives-of-the-european-parliament-and-european-council-sign-a-document-formally-granting-ukrainians-visa-free-travel-to-the-europea.md) _Context: European Parliament_
6. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: European Parliament_
7. [The European Parliament unanimously approves visa-free regime in the Schengen zone for Georgia. ](/news/2017/02/2/the-european-parliament-unanimously-approves-visa-free-regime-in-the-schengen-zone-for-georgia.md) _Context: European Parliament_
8. [Antonio Tajani has been elected as new President of the European Parliament. ](/news/2017/01/17/antonio-tajani-has-been-elected-as-new-president-of-the-european-parliament.md) _Context: European Parliament_
9. [Cuba and the European Union sign an accord in Brussels to normalize relations, formally ending the Common Position which was adopted by the Council of the European Union in 1996. ](/news/2016/12/12/cuba-and-the-european-union-sign-an-accord-in-brussels-to-normalize-relations-formally-ending-the-common-position-which-was-adopted-by-the.md) _Context: Council of the European Union_
10. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens to open Turkey's borders to allow refugees and migrants to reach Europe after the European Parliament votes to temporarily freeze talks of Turkey's accession to the EU. ](/news/2016/11/25/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-to-open-turkey-s-borders-to-allow-refugees-and-migrants-to-reach-europe-after-the-european.md) _Context: European Parliament_
