### [2003-09-24](/news/2003/09/24/index.md)

#  Belgium's highest court, the Court of Cassation, throws out case against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and Israeli General Amos Yaron. Also, a case against former U.S. President George H. W. Bush (for war crimes in Iraq) and Secretary of State Colin Powell is dismissed.




### Related:

1. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met today in Berlin with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu regarding the recent spate of violence between Palestinians and Israelis. Kerry will meet on Saturday with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and King Abdullah of Jordan in Amman. ](/news/2015/10/22/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-met-today-in-berlin-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-regarding-the-recent-spate-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel, President, Prime Minister, Secretary of State_
2. [ Iraqi President Jalal Talabani has called the former prime minister Iyad Allawi's comments ""nonsense"". Allawi claimed that the human rights abuses in Iraq were as bad now as they were under Saddam Hussein. Talabani stated that the government was against any form of torture or harming of Prisoners. ](/news/2005/11/28/iraqi-president-jalal-talabani-has-called-the-former-prime-minister-iyad-allawi-s-comments-nonsense-allawi-claimed-that-the-human-righ.md) _Context: Iraq, President, Prime Minister_
3. [ Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon accepts an Israeli Defence Force plan to begin withdrawing troops from Jabalia, Beit Lahiya, and Beit Hanoun in the northern Gaza Strip this weekend. [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/489056.html (Haaretz)] About 100,000 Israelis in 100 cities march in a series of demonstrations across Israel opposing their government's proposal to withdraw Israeli settlers from the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank.](/news/2004/10/14/israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-accepts-an-israeli-defence-force-plan-to-begin-withdrawing-troops-from-jabalia-beit-lahiya-and-beit-h.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, Prime Minister_
4. [ Palestinian Yasser Arafat dismisses Israel's threat to kill him. American representatives, and other world leaders, criticize Israel's prime minister for the suggestion. [http://www.arabnews.com/?page=4&section=0&article=42503&d=4&m=4&y=2004 (ArabNews)] Prime Minister Ariel Sharon conflicts with right-wing ministers over a plan to unilaterally disengage from the Gaza Strip. Housing and Construction Minister, Effie Eitam, and Tourism Minister, Benny Elon, demand that the plan receive cabinet approval. [http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1081052087090 (Jerusalem Post)] A year-long European Parliament investigation into how the Palestinian Authority spents money given to it by the European Union fails to find evidence linking its funds with terrorist activity. The findings, leaked before they were made public, are under attack, with one member of the probe calling it a "partial" whitewash. [http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1080979165731 (Jerusalem Post)] Millwall FC beat Sunderland A.F.C. 1-0 at Old Trafford to make it to the 2004 FA Cup Final after Tim Cahill scores the winning goal.](/news/2004/04/4/palestinian-yasser-arafat-dismisses-israel-s-threat-to-kill-him-american-representatives-and-other-world-leaders-criticize-israel-s-prim.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, Prime Minister_
5. [ In an open letter to Tony Blair, 52 former high ranking British diplomats, including former ambassadors to Iraq and Israel, condemn the Prime Minister's foreign policy stance in the Middle East as "doomed to failure" and also condemn George W. Bush's recent endorsement of Ariel Sharon's offer to withdraw settlers from the Gaza Strip while leaving some in the West Bank as "one-sided and illegal and which will cost yet more Israeli and Palestinian blood."](/news/2004/04/26/in-an-open-letter-to-tony-blair-52-former-high-ranking-british-diplomats-including-former-ambassadors-to-iraq-and-israel-condemn-the-pri.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Iraq, Israel_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian President Yasser Arafat, reacting to the United States President Bush and Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon summit, states Palestinian will never give up their struggle for an independent homeland, never abandon the claims of their refugees, nor make more territorial concessions. He states that Jerusalem will be its capital. Sharon, who wants to withdraw Israel from the Gaza Strip, faces opposition to his withdrawal plan. ](/news/2004/04/15/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-president-yasser-arafat-reacting-to-the-united-states-president-bush-and-israeli-prime-minister.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, President_
7. [ The leader of Hamas states that the group has no plans to attack U.S. targets, retreating from earlier threats by its armed wing. However, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is announced as a new target, instead. [http://www.news.com.au/common/story_page/0,4057,9069472%255E2,00.html (News Limited)] Sharon states that Israel has a "natural right" to pursue those who would destroy it. [http://www.thejewishpress.com/news_article.asp?article=3547 (Jewish Press)] Hussam Abdo, a 14-year-old Palestinian suicide bomber fails to detonate his bomb-vest at an Israeli checkpoint outside Nablus. The child was paid $23 and promised sex in heaven as his reward. An armed wing of Fatah takes responsibility for sending the boy.](/news/2004/03/24/the-leader-of-hamas-states-that-the-group-has-no-plans-to-attack-u-s-targets-retreating-from-earlier-threats-by-its-armed-wing-however.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, Prime Minister_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: In Israel, four former heads of Shin Bet say Israel is heading for disaster unless Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's right-wing government changes its policies with regard to the Palestinians and begins negotiations. Ministers accuse the former security heads of creating a controversy for political reasons.](/news/2003/11/16/israeli-palestinian-conflict-in-israel-four-former-heads-of-shin-bet-say-israel-is-heading-for-disaster-unless-prime-minister-ariel-sharo.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, Prime Minister_
9. [ "Occupation of Iraq": Poland assumes a position in postwar Iraq. The coalition in Iraq hands over the south-central part of the country to a force led by Poland. The force of Polish troops leads a multinational peacekeeping brigade that will relieve Coalition forces (in particular the United States Marine expeditionary force). This is Poland's biggest military operation since World War&nbsp;II. This is also the first sign of the global community's commitment to a postwar Iraq. Secretary of State Colin Powell seeks support from Britain, France, Germany, and Russia on a proposed United Nations resolution that would give the United Nations a role in Iraq's economic and political future. Coalition soldiers strongly desire to see more troops from other nations share the work of occupation.](/news/2003/09/3/occupation-of-iraq-poland-assumes-a-position-in-postwar-iraq-the-coalition-in-iraq-hands-over-the-south-central-part-of-the-country-to.md) _Context: Colin Powell, Iraq, Secretary of State_
10. [ A "Ma'ariv" opinion poll shows 37% of his supporters think Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is involved in corruption, with 52% saving he will have to resign if he behaved illegally. The controversy is over a $1.5 million loan given in January 2002 to Sharon's son, Gilad that was the loan originated from Cyril Kern, a friend of Ariel Sharon.](/news/2003/08/8/a-ma-ariv-opinion-poll-shows-37-of-his-supporters-think-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-is-involved-in-corruption-with-52-saving-h.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Israel, Prime Minister_
