### [2003-09-24](/news/2003/09/24/index.md)

#  Computer and Communications Industry Association report, written by a handful of security experts, Microsoft's dominance in key technologies poses security risk and threatens the national infrastructure. Computer and Communications Industry Association states reliance on a single technology, such as the Windows operating system, threatens economic security and critical infrastructure. The paper warns that many security improvements planned by Microsoft are likely designed to deter customers from switching to another operating system.




### Related:

1. [Microsoft acknowledges and plans to address complaints with its Windows 8 operating system - changes will be available later this year. ](/news/2013/05/7/microsoft-acknowledges-and-plans-to-address-complaints-with-its-windows-8-operating-system-a-changes-will-be-available-later-this-year.md) _Context: Microsoft, operating system_
2. [ The Microsoft operating systems Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2 go on retail sale worldwide. ](/news/2009/10/22/the-microsoft-operating-systems-windows-7-and-windows-server-2008-r2-go-on-retail-sale-worldwide.md) _Context: Microsoft, operating system_
3. [ Microsoft Corporation releases the beta version of its Windows 7 operating system. ](/news/2009/01/9/microsoft-corporation-releases-the-beta-version-of-its-windows-7-operating-system.md) _Context: Microsoft, operating system_
4. [ Windows Vista, the latest version of the Microsoft Windows operating system is released worldwide to consumers. Several security flaws are detected within the first few hours of its release. ](/news/2007/01/30/windows-vista-the-latest-version-of-the-microsoft-windows-operating-system-is-released-worldwide-to-consumers-several-security-flaws-are.md) _Context: Microsoft Windows, operating system_
5. [ Competing software manufacturers Microsoft and Novell hold a [http://www.novell.com/linux/microsoft/webcast.html press conference] to [http://www.microsoft.com/presspass/press/2006/nov06/11-02MSNovellPR.mspx announce a collaboration] on technologies for inter operation between Microsoft's Windows and Novell's SUSE Linux operating systems.](/news/2006/11/2/competing-software-manufacturers-microsoft-and-novell-hold-a-http-www-novell-com-linux-microsoft-webcast-html-press-conference-to-http.md) _Context: Microsoft, Microsoft Windows_
6. [ Microsoft issues Service Pack 2 for its Windows XP operating system. ](/news/2004/08/9/microsoft-issues-service-pack-2-for-its-windows-xp-operating-system.md) _Context: Microsoft, operating system_
7. [ Computer criminals place malicious JavaScript on major bank and corporate websites, such that Internet Explorer for Windows users merely viewing the pages in question are infected with Download.ject. Microsoft has yet to issue a patch for the browser.](/news/2004/06/24/computer-criminals-place-malicious-javascript-on-major-bank-and-corporate-websites-such-that-internet-explorer-for-windows-users-merely-vi.md) _Context: Microsoft, Microsoft Windows_
8. [ Computer security: German authorities arrest an 18-year-old high school student on suspicion that he is responsible for creating the Sasser worm, which has infected hundreds of thousands of computers worldwide by exploiting a flaw in the Windows 2000 and Windows XP operating systems. According to CNET, a US$5 million reward from Microsoft was instrumental in leading investigators to the suspect. ](/news/2004/05/8/computer-security-german-authorities-arrest-an-18-year-old-high-school-student-on-suspicion-that-he-is-responsible-for-creating-the-sasser.md) _Context: Microsoft, operating system_
9. [ Microsoft is to be fined a record EUR497 million ($613 million) by the European Commission as punishment for abusing its Windows monopoly, according to reports ahead of a key meeting by EU Commissioners on Wednesday. ](/news/2004/03/22/microsoft-is-to-be-fined-a-record-a-497-million-613-million-by-the-european-commission-as-punishment-for-abusing-its-windows-monopoly.md) _Context: Microsoft, Microsoft Windows_
10. [ Microsoft denies that it illegally uses its desktop computer operating system monopoly to hurt digital media rivals. ](/news/2004/02/20/microsoft-denies-that-it-illegally-uses-its-desktop-computer-operating-system-monopoly-to-hurt-digital-media-rivals.md) _Context: Microsoft, operating system_
