### [2017-01-28](/news/2017/01/28/index.md)

# Travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen are blocked from entering the United States as the executive order takes effect. 

The ACLU filed a legal challenge to President Donald Trump&#039;s order to deny U.S. entry to refugees from seven countries.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/1b76c00a59a64cc78e23cc2dec7762ff/us-judge-bars-deportations-under-trump-travel-ban)
2. [CNBC](http://www.cnbc.com/2017/01/28/aclu-mounts-legal-challenge-to-trumps-refugee-ban-calling-it-unlawful.html)
3. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2017/01/28/middleeast/iran-will-ban-us-citizens/)
4. [Reuters](http://live.reuters.com/Event/Election_2016)
5. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/28/us/refugees-detained-at-us-airports-prompting-legal-challenges-to-trumps-immigration-order.html)

### Related:

1. [President Trump signs an executive order limiting refugees and immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries, including Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The order also prioritizes the vetting of Christian refugees of the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/27/president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-limiting-refugees-and-immigration-from-seven-muslim-majority-countries-including-iran-iraq-libya.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq, Libya, President Donald Trump's travel ban, Somali, Sudan, Syria, Yemen_
2. [ The government of Canada issued a travel advisory to the United States for all Canadian citizens born in Iran, Iraq, Libya, Sudan or Syria after the United States announced that anyone born in those countries will be photographed and fingerprinted upon arrival in the United States.](/news/2002/10/30/the-government-of-canada-issued-a-travel-advisory-to-the-united-states-for-all-canadian-citizens-born-in-iran-iraq-libya-sudan-or-syria.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq, Libya, Sudan, Syria_
3. [ The Canadian ministry of foreign affairs issues an advisory to Canadians born in Iraq, Iran, Syria, Libya, and Sudan warning them to "consider carefully" whether to go to the United States for "any reason". This follows a US law requiring photos and fingerprints of Canadian citizens born in those countries upon entering the US, as well as the deportation to Syria of Maher Arar, a Canadian citizen. The American ambassador, Paul Cellucci, later assures the Canadian government that all Canadian passport holders will be treated equally; however, further incidents attributed to racial profiling take place.](/news/2002/10/29/the-canadian-ministry-of-foreign-affairs-issues-an-advisory-to-canadians-born-in-iraq-iran-syria-libya-and-sudan-warning-them-to-consi.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq, Libya, Sudan, Syria_
4. [The United States government implements new restrictions to its visa waiver program which now requires, with limited exceptions, European, Japanese and Australian travelers to the United States who either have been visitors in the last five years to or are dual-citizens of Iran, Iraq, Syria and Sudan to obtain a travel visa. The new visa policies were mandated by legislation which was passed, in the aftermath of November 2015 Paris attacks, by Congress on the grounds of national security. ](/news/2016/01/22/the-united-states-government-implements-new-restrictions-to-its-visa-waiver-program-which-now-requires-with-limited-exceptions-european-j.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq, Sudan, Syria_
5. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq, Syria_
6. [Macedonia, Serbia, Croatia, and Slovenia shut their borders to so-called economic migrants, those not coming from war-torn countries such as Syria, Afghanistan, or Iraq, leaving thousands stranded at Balkan border crossings. Around 500 migrants from Iran, Morocco, and Algeria gather on the border between Greece and Macedonia to protest the closure. ](/news/2015/11/20/macedonia-serbia-croatia-and-slovenia-shut-their-borders-to-so-called-economic-migrants-those-not-coming-from-war-torn-countries-such-as.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq, Syria_
7. [Iranian state television says Revolutionary Guard brigadier general, Hossein Hamadani, has been killed on the outskirts of Syria's Aleppo by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. This is the latest in a string of high-ranking Iranian commanders killed in Iraq and Syria in the last six months. ](/news/2015/10/9/iranian-state-television-says-revolutionary-guard-brigadier-general-hossein-hamadani-has-been-killed-on-the-outskirts-of-syria-s-aleppo-by.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq, Syria_
8. [Iraq says that Iran, Russia and Syria are assisting it in its fight with the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2015/09/26/iraq-says-that-iran-russia-and-syria-are-assisting-it-in-its-fight-with-the-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant.md) _Context: Iran, Iraq, Syria_
9. [The United Nations seeks $16.4 billion to fund humanitarian assistance programs in 2015 with Syria, Iraq, Sudan and South Sudan the areas of greatest need. ](/news/2014/12/8/the-united-nations-seeks-16-4-billion-to-fund-humanitarian-assistance-programs-in-2015-with-syria-iraq-sudan-and-south-sudan-the-areas-of.md) _Context: Iraq, Sudan, Syria_
10. [Reporters Without Borders releases their annual report regarding press freedom around the world with 71 journalists killed in 2013 so far. The deadliest countries are Syria, India, the Philippines, Pakistan, and Somalia while the worst jailers are China, Turkey, Eritrea, Iran, and Syria. ](/news/2013/12/19/reporters-without-borders-releases-their-annual-report-regarding-press-freedom-around-the-world-with-71-journalists-killed-in-2013-so-far-t.md) _Context: Iran, Somali, Syria_
