### [2017-01-28](/news/2017/01/28/index.md)

# UK Prime Minister Theresa May and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sign a GBP100 million defense deal to build new fighter jets. Under the deal, BAE Systems will collaborate with Turkish companies to build the TAI TFX. 

Prime minister also uses last leg of diplomatic tour to issue warning to Turkish president to respect human rights obligations


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/politics/2017/jan/28/theresa-may-signs-100m-fighter-jet-deal-with-turkeys-erdogan)

### Related:

1. [Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-conservatives-battling-in-a-tight-race.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Theresa May_
2. [Prime Minister Theresa May's closest advisers, Fiona Hill and Nick Timothy, resign as her Chiefs of Staff amid criticism over their role in the Conservative Party's election campaign. ](/news/2017/06/10/prime-minister-theresa-may-s-closest-advisers-fiona-hill-and-nick-timothy-resign-as-her-chiefs-of-staff-amid-criticism-over-their-role-in.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Theresa May_
3. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Theresa May_
4. [Voters in Turkey go to the polls for a referendum that seeks to replace the country's parliamentary system with an executive presidency, thereby giving President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sweeping new powers. Erdogan's AK Party has claimed victory while the opposition CHP has said that it will challenge the result. ](/news/2017/04/16/voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-that-seeks-to-replace-the-country-s-parliamentary-system-with-an-executive-presidency-the.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
5. [British Prime Minister Theresa May signs a letter invoking Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. Its notification to the European Council tomorrow will formally begin the UK's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2017/03/28/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-signs-a-letter-invoking-article-50-of-the-treaty-on-european-union-its-notification-to-the-european-coun.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Theresa May_
6. [British Prime Minister Theresa May announces that her government will trigger article 50, which begins the process of withdrawing from the European Union, on March 29. ](/news/2017/03/20/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-announces-that-her-government-will-trigger-article-50-which-begins-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-the-e.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Theresa May_
7. [British Prime Minister Theresa May meets with U.S. President Donald Trump at the White House in Washington, D.C.. This is the first visit by a foreign leader since Trump's inauguration last Friday. ](/news/2017/01/27/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-meets-with-u-s-president-donald-trump-at-the-white-house-in-washington-d-c-this-is-the-first-visit-by.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Theresa May_
8. [After much speculation British Prime Minister Theresa May announces that the United Kingdom will be leaving the European Single Market. ](/news/2017/01/17/after-much-speculation-british-prime-minister-theresa-may-announces-that-the-united-kingdom-will-be-leaving-the-european-single-market.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Theresa May_
9. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan vows that the Turkish Armed Forces will stay on Cyprus "in perpetuity" and that the proposal of a rotating presidency for a unified island is unacceptable, casting doubts on an eventual solution to the dispute. The remarks come as the latest round of unity talks end, with them to restart on January 18. ](/news/2017/01/13/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-vows-that-the-turkish-armed-forces-will-stay-on-cyprus-in-perpetuity-and-that-the-proposal-of-a-ro.md) _Context: President, Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
10. [British Prime Minister Theresa May says the House of Commons must accept Brexit. ](/news/2016/11/6/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-says-the-house-of-commons-must-accept-brexit.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Theresa May_
