### [2007-03-18](/news/2007/03/18/index.md)

#  Finnish parliamentary election: Voters go to the polls, with the centre-left governing coalition between the Centre Party and the Social Democratic Party continuing for another term under the leadership of Matti Vanhanen. The National Coalition Party had a strong result finishing with one seat less than the Centre Party. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/6463465.stm)
2. [Daily Telegraph Australia](http://www.news.com.au/dailytelegraph/story/0,22049,21405701-5006506,00.html)

### Related:

1. [The National Coalition Party wins the Finnish parliamentary election (44 seats), with the True Finns, third-place finishers, emerging as a new major political party (39 seats). Biggest losers are the Centre Party (36 seats); coalition talks will probably be held between the Coalition, the True Finns and the Social Democrats (42 seats).](/news/2011/04/17/the-national-coalition-party-wins-the-finnish-parliamentary-election-44-seats-with-the-true-finns-third-place-finishers-emerging-as-a-n.md) _Context: Centre Party, National Coalition Party, Social Democratic Party_
2. [Polling places open in Papua New Guinea, and will remain open for two weeks, to elect all 111 members of the National Parliament. The People's National Congress led by Prime Minister Peter O'Neill is considered likely to maintain a governing coalition, despite uncertainty due to lack of opinion polling. ](/news/2017/06/24/polling-places-open-in-papua-new-guinea-and-will-remain-open-for-two-weeks-to-elect-all-111-members-of-the-national-parliament-the-people.md) _Context: governing coalition_
3. [Slovakia's newly-formed coalition government gains a vote of confidence as the legislature approves its program manifesto, 79-61. The ruling Direction - Social Democracy party, which did not win an absolute majority in March, has joined with the three other parties--Slovak National Party, Most-Hid, and Network--to total 85 of the National Council's 150 seats. ](/news/2016/04/26/slovakia-s-newly-formed-coalition-government-gains-a-vote-of-confidence-as-the-legislature-approves-its-program-manifesto-79-61-the-ruling.md) _Context: governing coalition_
4. [Voters in Slovakia choose representatives for  all 150 National Council seats. While anti-migrant Prime Minister Robert Fico's Smer party is expected to lose its parliamentary majority, it should be in position to lead a coalition government. ](/news/2016/03/5/voters-in-slovakia-choose-representatives-for-all-150-national-council-seats-while-anti-migrant-prime-minister-robert-fico-s-smer-party-is.md) _Context: governing coalition_
5. [Prime Minister Enda Kenny, who rejected suggestions he should resign, says he will "fully and inclusively" engage with other parties, groups and Independents, including Fianna Fail,  as he forms the country's  government. Sinn Fein says it is not interested in forming a coalition government with Kenny's  Fine Gael party. ](/news/2016/03/1/prime-minister-enda-kenny-who-rejected-suggestions-he-should-resign-says-he-will-fully-and-inclusively-engage-with-other-parties-groups.md) _Context: governing coalition_
6. [The Centre Party, led by Juha Sipil, starts negotiations which will lead to a coalition government with the centre-right National Coalition and the Eurosceptic Finns Party; for the first time since 1979, the Swedish People's Party of Finland is not invited into the government. ](/news/2015/05/6/the-centre-party-led-by-juha-sipila-starts-negotiations-which-will-lead-to-a-coalition-government-with-the-centre-right-national-coalition.md) _Context: Centre Party_
7. [Voters in Finland go to the polls for a parliamentary election with a new coalition government led by Juha Sipila of the Centre Party favoured to form government after negotiation. ](/news/2015/04/19/voters-in-finland-go-to-the-polls-for-a-parliamentary-election-with-a-new-coalition-government-led-by-juha-sipila-of-the-centre-party-favou.md) _Context: Centre Party_
8. [A single day after the radical-left SYRIZA party wins the Greek elections, it forms an anti-austerity coalition government with the right-wing Independent Greeks ](/news/2015/01/26/a-single-day-after-the-radical-left-syriza-party-wins-the-greek-elections-it-forms-an-anti-austerity-coalition-government-with-the-right-wi.md) _Context: governing coalition_
9. [Alexander Stubb is elected new leader of the National Coalition Party and thus the new prime minister of Finland, the first Swedish-speaking Finn to hold the post since 1959. ](/news/2014/06/14/alexander-stubb-is-elected-new-leader-of-the-national-coalition-party-and-thus-the-new-prime-minister-of-finland-the-first-swedish-speaking.md) _Context: National Coalition Party_
10. [Jutta Urpilainen steps down as the Finance Minister of Finland after she was not re-elected as leader of the Social Democratic Party. ](/news/2014/05/9/jutta-urpilainen-steps-down-as-the-finance-minister-of-finland-after-she-was-not-re-elected-as-leader-of-the-social-democratic-party.md) _Context: Social Democratic Party_
