### [2002-06-27](/news/2002/06/27/index.md)

#  Accountancy scandals - The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission has begun fraud action against WorldCom.




### Related:

1. [ A United States district court approves a settlement between WorldCom and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, in which WorldCom will pay $750&nbsp;million to investors for its accounting scandal. ](/news/2003/07/7/a-united-states-district-court-approves-a-settlement-between-worldcom-and-the-u-s-securities-and-exchange-commission-in-which-worldcom-wi.md) _Context: SEC, WorldCom_
2. [ Accountancy scandals: WorldCom announced it had discovered $3.3 billion in false accounting in addition to the $3.8 billion discovered earlier.](/news/2002/08/8/accountancy-scandals-worldcom-announced-it-had-discovered-3-3-billion-in-false-accounting-in-addition-to-the-3-8-billion-discovered-earl.md) _Context: Accountancy scandals, WorldCom_
3. [ Accountancy scandals - There are reports of alleged fraud at WorldCom, one of the world's largest telcos and internet service providers.](/news/2002/06/26/accountancy-scandals-there-are-reports-of-alleged-fraud-at-worldcom-one-of-the-world-s-largest-telcos-and-internet-service-providers.md) _Context: Accountancy scandals, WorldCom_
4. ["The Wall Street Journal" reports that the FBI and SEC have launched an insider trading investigation involving billionaire investor Carl Icahn, Las Vegas gambler and investor Billy Walters, and golf superstar Phil Mickelson. No wrongdoing has yet been alleged. ](/news/2014/05/30/the-wall-street-journal-reports-that-the-fbi-and-sec-have-launched-an-insider-trading-investigation-involving-billionaire-investor-carl-ic.md) _Context: SEC_
5. [The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission accuses the state of Illinois of securities fraud by misleading investors about the health of the state's public pension fund. ](/news/2013/03/11/the-u-s-securities-and-exchange-commission-accuses-the-state-of-illinois-of-securities-fraud-by-misleading-investors-about-the-health-of-th.md) _Context: SEC_
6. ["Deepwater Horizon" oil spill:. BP announces it will plead guilty to charges of manslaughter and obstruction of Congress, and will pay a total of US$4.5 billion to the US Department of Justice and Securities and Exchange Commission. ](/news/2012/11/15/deepwater-horizon-oil-spill-bp-announces-it-will-plead-guilty-to-charges-of-manslaughter-and-obstruction-of-congress-and-will-pay-a-tot.md) _Context: SEC_
7. [The FBI and U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission launch an investigation into MF Global after $600 million of customers' money went missing. ](/news/2011/11/1/the-fbi-and-u-s-securities-and-exchange-commission-launch-an-investigation-into-mf-global-after-600-million-of-customers-money-went-missi.md) _Context: SEC_
8. [In the Mark Cuban insider trading case, an appeals court overturns a district court decision last fall that had dismissed the civil charges brought against Cuban by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. ](/news/2010/09/21/in-the-mark-cuban-insider-trading-case-an-appeals-court-overturns-a-district-court-decision-last-fall-that-had-dismissed-the-civil-charges.md) _Context: SEC_
9. [The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission charges Goldman Sachs with defrauding investors. ](/news/2010/04/16/the-u-s-securities-and-exchange-commission-charges-goldman-sachs-with-defrauding-investors.md) _Context: SEC_
10. [ The head of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, Mary Schapiro, said in an interview that it should not be necessary for the SEC and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission to align all their rules and regulation, although she does expect some harmonization. ](/news/2009/06/19/the-head-of-the-u-s-securities-and-exchange-commission-mary-schapiro-said-in-an-interview-that-it-should-not-be-necessary-for-the-sec-an.md) _Context: SEC_
