### [2002-06-27](/news/2002/06/27/index.md)

#  Finance - The euro approaches parity with the United States dollar.




### Related:

1. [An Italian court orders former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi to stand trial on April 4 on charges of allegedly bribing witnesses with EUR10 million (US$11 million) in order to silence them over accusations he paid for sex with young women. ](/news/2017/01/28/an-italian-court-orders-former-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-to-stand-trial-on-april-4-on-charges-of-allegedly-bribing-witnesses-with-a.md) _Context: U.S. dollar, euro_
2. [The Central Bank of Russia announces it will start buying the Chinese yuan in an attempt to diversify its foreign-currency reserves away from the Euro and the U.S. dollar and to become less vulnerable to Western sanctions. ](/news/2016/07/5/the-central-bank-of-russia-announces-it-will-start-buying-the-chinese-yuan-in-an-attempt-to-diversify-its-foreign-currency-reserves-away-fro.md) _Context: U.S. dollar, euro_
3. [ The New Zealand dollar soars to a 13-month high against both the U.S. dollar and euro. ](/news/2009/09/22/the-new-zealand-dollar-soars-to-a-13-month-high-against-both-the-u-s-dollar-and-euro.md) _Context: U.S. dollar, euro_
4. [ Jerome Kerviel is blamed for worsening the January 2008 stock market downturn by allegedly losing EUR4.9 billion ($7 billion) for French bank Societe Generale. ](/news/2008/01/24/ja-c-ra-me-kerviel-is-blamed-for-worsening-the-january-2008-stock-market-downturn-by-allegedly-losing-a-4-9-billion-7-billion-for-french.md) _Context: U.S. dollar, euro_
5. [ The United States dollar reaches a new record low against the euro, which is traded at $1.4348. ](/news/2007/10/22/the-united-states-dollar-reaches-a-new-record-low-against-the-euro-which-is-traded-at-1-4348.md) _Context: U.S. dollar, euro_
6. [ Securitas depot robbery: British police announce that the total amount of cash stolen in last Wednesday's Securitas depot robbery was GBP PS53 million (USD $92.6 million, EUR77.8 million). Five more people have been arrested in the last 24 hours and 10 properties searched in the ongoing investigation. ](/news/2006/02/27/securitas-depot-robbery-british-police-announce-that-the-total-amount-of-cash-stolen-in-last-wednesday-s-securitas-depot-robbery-was-gbp-a.md) _Context: U.S. dollar, euro_
7. [ 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake: World leaders gather in Jakarta, Indonesia, for an emergency summit with the United Nations. Aid pledges since the Asian Tsunami disaster are near USD 4 billion (EUR 3 billion). Nearly 150,000 people have been confirmed dead in the four hardest hit nations - Indonesia, India, Sri Lanka and Thailand. ](/news/2005/01/6/2004-indian-ocean-earthquake-world-leaders-gather-in-jakarta-indonesia-for-an-emergency-summit-with-the-united-nations-aid-pledges-sinc.md) _Context: U.S. dollar, euro_
8. [ Global tsunami aid donations exceed USD 2 billion (EUR 1.5 billion). ](/news/2005/01/2/global-tsunami-aid-donations-exceed-usd-2-billion-eur-1-5-billion.md) _Context: U.S. dollar, euro_
9. [ The US dollar continues to decline, hitting a new low of 1.2 against the euro; the dollar is suffering from deteriorating support against the background of a large current account deficit and fears of growing protectionism. [http://quote.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=10000101&sid=ae5WntLCCGd0&refer=japan]](/news/2003/12/2/the-us-dollar-continues-to-decline-hitting-a-new-low-of-1-2-against-the-euro-the-dollar-is-suffering-from-deteriorating-support-against-t.md) _Context: U.S. dollar, euro_
10. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia had failed to protect students and teachers during the 2004 Beslan school siege, which left 334 people dead, and orders the Russian Government to pay 2,955,000 euros to 409 relatives of the victims. The ruling was quickly denounced by Russia as "unacceptable". ](/news/2017/04/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-had-failed-to-protect-students-and-teachers-during-the-2004-beslan-school-siege-which.md) _Context: euro_
