### [2016-03-20](/news/2016/03/20/index.md)

# A 6.6 magnitude earthquake strikes off the eastern coast of Kamchatka Peninsula in Russia's Far East. Shaking was felt throughout large parts of the peninsula, but there were no immediate reports of damage or casualties. 

 A strong earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 6.6 has struck off the east coast of Kamchatka Peninsula in Russia Far East 


### Source:

1. [BNO News](http://bnonews.com/news/index.php/news/id3900)

### Related:

1. [Four earthquakes of magnitude 5.1 or higher strike near Amatrice, Italy, forcing evacuation of some schools and the Rome Metro. No deaths are reported from the quakes.  ](/news/2017/01/18/four-earthquakes-of-magnitude-5-1-or-higher-strike-near-amatrice-italy-forcing-evacuation-of-some-schools-and-the-rome-metro-no-deaths-ar.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude_
2. [A 6.1 magnitude earthquake hits the northwestern coast of Nicaragua  not far from the Honduran border.  ''La Prensa'' reports the walls of a church collapsed in the  city of Chinandega. There are no immediate reports of casualties. ](/news/2016/06/9/a-6-1-magnitude-earthquake-hits-the-northwestern-coast-of-nicaragua-not-far-from-the-honduran-border-la-prensa-reports-the-walls-of-a.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude_
3. [A magnitude 6.3 earthquake strikes off Atka Island, southwest Alaska. There are no reports of a tsunami. ](/news/2016/03/12/a-magnitude-6-3-earthquake-strikes-off-atka-island-southwest-alaska-there-are-no-reports-of-a-tsunami.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude_
4. [A 6.3 magnitude earthquake struck  25 miles (40 kilometers) west of Ovalle in Chile's central region. No injuries or damage have been reported. ](/news/2016/02/9/a-6-3-magnitude-earthquake-struck-25-miles-40-kilometers-west-of-ovalle-in-chile-s-central-region-no-injuries-or-damage-have-been-report.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude_
5. [A 6.4 magnitude earthquake struck southern Taiwan. Taiwan's official Central News Agency reported that 14 people were killed and 484 injured. ](/news/2016/02/6/a-6-4-magnitude-earthquake-struck-southern-taiwan-taiwan-s-official-central-news-agency-reported-that-14-people-were-killed-and-484-injured.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude_
6. [A 4.8 magnitude earthquake strikes near Wasco, California, about 25 miles northwest of Bakersfield. There are no reports of damage or injuries. ](/news/2016/02/23/a-4-8-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-near-wasco-california-about-25-miles-northwest-of-bakersfield-there-are-no-reports-of-damage-or-injuri.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude_
7. [The U.S. Geological Survey reports a magnitude 5.8 earthquake strikes Christchurch in New Zealand. The St. John ambulance service says that several people suffered minor injuries from falls as they ran from the quake but there were no immediate reports of serious damage. ](/news/2016/02/14/the-u-s-geological-survey-reports-a-magnitude-5-8-earthquake-strikes-christchurch-in-new-zealand-the-st-john-ambulance-service-says-that.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude_
8. [The U.S. Geological Survey reports a magnitude 5.1 earthquake strike in Oklahoma, the state's third strongest quake, northwest of Oklahoma City. No  damage or injuries are reported. Oklahoma has recently experienced a surge in seismic activity, leading to calls for the governor to make changes to oil- and gas-drilling regulations. ](/news/2016/02/13/the-u-s-geological-survey-reports-a-magnitude-5-1-earthquake-strike-in-oklahoma-the-state-s-third-strongest-quake-northwest-of-oklahoma-c.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude_
9. [A magnitude 7.1 earthquake strikes southwestern Alaska, leaving 10,000 in the Anchorage area without power and forcing the evacuation of several homes on the Kenai Peninsula. The National Weather Service reported that there was no tsunami following the earthquake. ](/news/2016/01/24/a-magnitude-7-1-earthquake-strikes-southwestern-alaska-leaving-10-000-in-the-anchorage-area-without-power-and-forcing-the-evacuation-of-sev.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude_
10. [At least 17 people are injured in Peshawar, Pakistan, and five people are hurt in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province after a 6.3-magnitude earthquake hit near the Afghanistan-Tajikistan border. The epicenter is in Afghanistan's quake-prone Ishkashim district, a mountainous area where mainly impoverished farmers live in homes  made with mud, according to Peshawar District Officer Muhmand Asim Khan. Other details about damage or casualties are not presently available. ](/news/2015/12/25/at-least-17-people-are-injured-in-peshawar-pakistan-and-five-people-are-hurt-in-afghanistan-s-nangarhar-province-after-a-6-3-magnitude-ear.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude_
