### [2016-03-20](/news/2016/03/20/index.md)

# A retired Pennsylvania state trooper's attempted robbery of a fare collection vehicle at the Pennsylvania Turnpike's Fort Littleton toll plaza, 65 miles west of the capital Harrisburg, results in three deaths -- a toll collector, a security guard, and himself. 

Get the latest breaking news across the U.S. on ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory/turnpike-employee-worker-suspect-killed-robbery-attempt-37796138)

### Related:

1. [Steve Stephens, the suspected "Facebook killer" accused of killing 74-year-old Robert Godwin, kills himself after a brief pursuit with the Pennsylvania State Police. ](/news/2017/04/18/steve-stephens-the-suspected-facebook-killer-accused-of-killing-74-year-old-robert-godwin-kills-himself-after-a-brief-pursuit-with-the-p.md) _Context: Pennsylvania State Police_
2. [A tour bus carrying the Seton Hill University women's lacrosse team veers off the Pennsylvania Turnpike and strikes a tree near Carlisle, Pennsylvania, United States, killing the team's head coach, her unborn child, and the bus driver. ](/news/2013/03/16/a-tour-bus-carrying-the-seton-hill-university-women-s-lacrosse-team-veers-off-the-pennsylvania-turnpike-and-strikes-a-tree-near-carlisle-pe.md) _Context: Pennsylvania Turnpike's_
3. [A shooting at a highway in Blair County, Pennsylvania kills three people and wounds three others. The gunman was killed in a shootout with police, and among the casualties were state troopers. ](/news/2012/12/21/a-shooting-at-a-highway-in-blair-county-pennsylvania-kills-three-people-and-wounds-three-others-the-gunman-was-killed-in-a-shootout-with-p.md) _Context: Pennsylvania State Police_
4. [A bill to takeover the capital city of Harrisburg, rather than have it file for Chapter 9, clears the Pennsylvania State Legislature. The Governor of Pennsylvania, Tom Corbett, is expected to sign it. ](/news/2011/10/18/a-bill-to-takeover-the-capital-city-of-harrisburg-rather-than-have-it-file-for-chapter-9-clears-the-pennsylvania-state-legislature-the-go.md) _Context: Harrisburg_
5. [ Malaysia bans hiring of foreign security guards following rape and murder of a student by a Pakistani security guard recently. ](/news/2007/08/7/malaysia-bans-hiring-of-foreign-security-guards-following-rape-and-murder-of-a-student-by-a-pakistani-security-guard-recently.md) _Context: security guard_
6. [ Ralph "Bucky" Phillips, the most recent addition to the FBI Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list, surrenders to Pennsylvania State Police. He is wanted for shooting three New York State troopers, one of whom died, after he escaped from jail. ](/news/2006/09/8/ralph-bucky-phillips-the-most-recent-addition-to-the-fbi-ten-most-wanted-fugitives-list-surrenders-to-pennsylvania-state-police-he-is.md) _Context: Pennsylvania State Police_
7. [ A group of over 40 people, dressed in Santa Claus costumes, go on a rampage through downtown Auckland, New Zealand, robbing stores and assaulting security guards. ](/news/2005/12/17/a-group-of-over-40-people-dressed-in-santa-claus-costumes-go-on-a-rampage-through-downtown-auckland-new-zealand-robbing-stores-and-assa.md) _Context: security guard_
8. [ "Kitzmiller et al. v. Dover Area School District" is the first direct challenge brought in United States federal courts against a public school district curriculum mandating the teaching of intelligent design as an alternative to evolution. Opening arguments are set for today in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania District Court. [http://www.latimes.com/news/nationworld/nation/la-na-dover26sep26,0,4324588.story?coll=la-tot-promo&track=morenews (LA Times)] [http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2005/09/26/AR2005092600149.html (AP)] (Link dead as of 21:25, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/09/26/kitzmiller-et-al-v-dover-area-school-district-is-the-first-direct-challenge-brought-in-united-states-federal-courts-against-a-public-sc.md) _Context: Harrisburg_
9. [ Swiss police are searching for three apparent burglars who yesterday briefly held hostages in the Spanish embassy in Bern. When the police stormed the building, they discovered that the criminals had already left the scene. An embassy security guard is in the hospital. ](/news/2005/02/8/swiss-police-are-searching-for-three-apparent-burglars-who-yesterday-briefly-held-hostages-in-the-spanish-embassy-in-bern-when-the-police.md) _Context: security guard_
10. [ Conflict in Iraq: A U.S. Air Force air strike destroys Haji Hussein, the most popular restaurant in insurgent-controlled Fallujah. The U.S. says the restaurant was being used by militants loyal to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi. Witnesses say two civilian security guards were killed in the attack. ](/news/2004/10/12/conflict-in-iraq-a-u-s-air-force-air-strike-destroys-haji-hussein-the-most-popular-restaurant-in-insurgent-controlled-fallujah-the-u-s.md) _Context: security guard_
