### [2016-03-20](/news/2016/03/20/index.md)

# An Indonesian military helicopter crash shortly after takeoff from Poso kills 13 passengers. Their mission was to try to capture Indonesia's most wanted militant, Abu Wardah Santoso, leader of the Islamic State affiliate East Indonesia Mujahidin network. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/5d377dc7b80c4531a9ee80ba2403032c/indonesian-military-helicopter-crashes-killing-12)

### Related:

1. [An unidentified senior Indonesian official says the government is "99 percent" certain Abu Wardah Santoso, leader of ISIL-connected Mujahidin Indonesia Timur, was killed in Monday's clash with security forces on Sulawesi island. ](/news/2016/07/19/an-unidentified-senior-indonesian-official-says-the-government-is-99-percent-certain-abu-wardah-santoso-leader-of-isil-connected-mujahidi.md) _Context: Indonesia, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
2. [Thousands of people take to the streets of Jayapura and other towns in Papua, Indonesia, in support of the Free Papua Movement and its effort to join the Melanesian Spearhead Group. Indonesia responded with a large police and military presence, with reports of police firing on demonstrators in Wamena and arresting dozens across the province. ](/news/2016/05/31/thousands-of-people-take-to-the-streets-of-jayapura-and-other-towns-in-papua-indonesia-in-support-of-the-free-papua-movement-and-its-effor.md) _Context: Indonesia, military_
3. [Philippine officials report four Indonesian sailors were kidnapped last night off the Philippines' southernmost town of Sitangkai, Tawi-Tawi, near Malaysia's Sabah state. Seven gunmen in a blue speedboat attacked two Indonesian-flagged tugboats. Six other sailors, including one who was shot, were not taken by ISIL-linked Abu Sayyaf militants. ](/news/2016/04/16/philippine-officials-report-four-indonesian-sailors-were-kidnapped-last-night-off-the-philippines-southernmost-town-of-sitangkai-tawi-tawi.md) _Context: Indonesia, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
4. [Millions of voters in the world's third biggest democracy participated in Indonesia's local elections in 264 regions, just over half of the country's electorates. There is heightened security due to threats by domestic terror groups linked to the Islamic State, as well as increased scrutiny to prevent electoral fraud. Direct elections to choose local leaders were established a decade ago. Official results from the polls will not be available until December 18, 2015. ](/news/2015/12/9/millions-of-voters-in-the-world-s-third-biggest-democracy-participated-in-indonesia-s-local-elections-in-264-regions-just-over-half-of-the.md) _Context: Indonesia, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [Two terrorist suspects wanted in connection with the shooting of two Indonesian police officers are killed in a raid in Poso, Central Sulawesi. ](/news/2011/06/4/two-terrorist-suspects-wanted-in-connection-with-the-shooting-of-two-indonesian-police-officers-are-killed-in-a-raid-in-poso-central-sulawe.md) _Context: Indonesia, Poso_
6. [Indonesia admits that the men seen torturing Papuan villagers in a video were soldiers of the Indonesian National Armed Forces. ](/news/2010/10/22/indonesia-admits-that-the-men-seen-torturing-papuan-villagers-in-a-video-were-soldiers-of-the-indonesian-national-armed-forces.md) _Context: Indonesia, military_
7. [ 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake and tsunami: Three Free Aceh Movement (GAM) rebels are killed in a clash with the Indonesian military in the northern Aceh province. Fighting broke out apparently when Indonesian troops attempted to escort aid trucks. Both sides claim the other are taking advantage of the devastation left from the tsunamis. ](/news/2005/01/4/2004-indian-ocean-earthquake-and-tsunami-three-free-aceh-movement-gam-rebels-are-killed-in-a-clash-with-the-indonesian-military-in-the-n.md) _Context: Indonesia, military_
8. [Seven people are killed and 13 are injured after suicide bombers hit a state-run power station near the northern city of Samarra, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/09/2/seven-people-are-killed-and-13-are-injured-after-suicide-bombers-hit-a-state-run-power-station-near-the-northern-city-of-samarra-iraq-the.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [CJTF-OIR jets destroy a section of road, blocking the path of a convoy carrying ISIL evacuees from the Lebanon-Syria border en route to Abu Kamal in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. The convoy, carrying 308 militants and 331 civilians according to Hezbollah, is now effectively stranded in Syrian government-controlled territory. ](/news/2017/08/30/cjtfaoir-jets-destroy-a-section-of-road-blocking-the-path-of-a-convoy-carrying-isil-evacuees-from-the-lebanonasyria-border-en-route-to.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [ISIL militants and their families, estimated to be around 600 people, begin to leave their strongholds on the Lebanon-Syria border and Qalamun Mountains for the Deir ez-Zor Governorate under Syrian military escort. A ceasefire was reached between warring parties yesterday. ](/news/2017/08/28/isil-militants-and-their-families-estimated-to-be-around-600-people-begin-to-leave-their-strongholds-on-the-lebanonasyria-border-and-qal.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
