### [2016-03-20](/news/2016/03/20/index.md)

# March 2016 Istanbul bombing. Turkish authorities name a Turkish man with alleged ties to the Islamic State responsible for this weekend's suicide bombing in Istanbul. 

The weekend attack targeting a busy shopping area points to a heightened terrorist threat.


### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/turkey-alleges-istanbul-bomber-was-a-member-of-the-islamic-state/2016/03/20/8b890b9c-eebd-11e5-a2a3-d4e9697917d1_story.html)

### Related:

1. [March 2016 Istanbul bombing. An explosion occurs in Taksim Square in Istanbul, Turkey, kills five people, including two dual citizenship Israeli-Americans and one Iranian citizen, and injures several dozen others. ](/news/2016/03/19/march-2016-istanbul-bombing-an-explosion-occurs-in-taksim-square-in-istanbul-turkey-kills-five-people-including-two-dual-citizenship-isr.md) _Context: Istanbul, March 2016 Istanbul bombing, Turkey_
2. [Turkey-ISIL conflict. Turkish police conduct pre-dawn raids on 17 locations in Istanbul and detain some 50 people suspected of being linked to the Islamic State group, according to Turkey's state-run news agency. ](/news/2015/10/18/turkey-isil-conflict-turkish-police-conduct-pre-dawn-raids-on-17-locations-in-istanbul-and-detain-some-50-people-suspected-of-being-linke.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Istanbul, Turkey_
3. [Syria-United States relations. Turkey-United States relations. Despite opposition from Turkey, President Donald Trump authorizes an arms deal with the Syrian Kurds to assist the Syrian Democratic Forces in their fight against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). ](/news/2017/05/9/syria-united-states-relations-turkey-united-states-relations-despite-opposition-from-turkey-president-donald-trump-authorizes-an-arms.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey_
4. [Saeed Karimian, the founder and director of GEM TV, a Persian language network based in Dubai, is shot dead in Istanbul, Turkey, along with his Kuwaiti business partner. Karimian had previously been tried in absentia by a Tehran court and sentenced to six years in prison for spreading propaganda against Iran. ](/news/2017/04/30/saeed-karimian-the-founder-and-director-of-gem-tv-a-persian-language-network-based-in-dubai-is-shot-dead-in-istanbul-turkey-along-with.md) _Context: Istanbul, Turkey_
5. [Syrian Civil War. American-led intervention in Syria. At least 47 ISIL militants have been killed by Turkish and U.S.-led bombing raids by fighter jets on the town of al-Bab in the last 24 hours, with the Turkish Armed Forces attacking 135 other ISIL targets in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/3/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-at-least-47-isil-militants-have-been-killed-by-turkish-and-u-s-led-bombing-raids-by-f.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey_
6. [Syrian Civil War. Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey_
7. [December 2016 Istanbul bombings. Two bombs, one detonated by a suicide bomber, near the Vodafone Arena in Istanbul, Turkey, kill at least 29 people and injure more than 150 others. Ten people have been arrested in relation to the bombings. ](/news/2016/12/10/december-2016-istanbul-bombings-two-bombs-one-detonated-by-a-suicide-bomber-near-the-vodafone-arena-in-istanbul-turkey-kill-at-least-29.md) _Context: Istanbul, Turkey_
8. [A motorcycle bomb in the Yenibosna neighborhood of Istanbul, Turkey, injures 10 civilians. ](/news/2016/10/6/a-motorcycle-bomb-in-the-yenibosna-neighborhood-of-istanbul-turkey-injures-10-civilians.md) _Context: Istanbul, Turkey_
9. [The United States orders all civilian staff family members to leave its consulate in Istanbul, Turkey, due to increasing threats from terrorist organizations. ](/news/2016/10/30/the-united-states-orders-all-civilian-staff-family-members-to-leave-its-consulate-in-istanbul-turkey-due-to-increasing-threats-from-terror.md) _Context: Istanbul, Turkey_
10. [Turkish military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. Turkish jets hit Kurdish-led Syrian Democratic Forces (SDF) militia with 26 airstrikes in three recently-captured-from-ISIL villages west of al-Bab and northeast of Aleppo. The Turkish General Staff says between 160 and 200 have been killed, while the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports 11 dead and dozens of people wounded. ](/news/2016/10/20/turkish-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-turkish-jets-hit-kurdish-led-syrian-democratic-forces-sdf-militia-with-26-airstrike.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey_
