### [2016-03-20](/news/2016/03/20/index.md)

# Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." 

At least one Briton is thought to have been on board a bus which crashed in Spain, killing 13 exchange students. The bus, which was carrying 57 passengers, including at least one from the UK and four from Ireland, had been travelling back from Spain’s largest fireworks festival. It hit a crash barrier and was sent into oncoming traffic on a main road near Freginals, halfway between Valencia and Barcelona shortly before 6am.


### Source:

1. [AP via Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-03-20/urgent-spain-some-killed-injured-in-bus-crash-on-coastal-highway)
2. [Euronews](http://www.euronews.com/2016/03/20/at-least-14-dead-after-bus-carrying-students-crashes-in-spain/)
3. [The Independent](http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/europe/spain-bus-crash-coach-carrying-university-students-crashes-near-barcelona-a6942316.html)

### Related:

1. [Contributions from Belgium, Canada, Finland, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden and Switzerland allow the World Bank to cancel $36 million in Haiti's remaining debt following January's devastating earthquake. ](/news/2010/05/28/contributions-from-belgium-canada-finland-france-germany-ireland-italy-japan-the-netherlands-norway-spain-sweden-and-switzerland.md) _Context: Belgium, France, Germany, Italian, Japan, Norway, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland_
2. [A final funding deal for the Airbus A400M military transport aircraft has been agreed to by the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Belgium, Luxembourg, Spain and Turkey. ](/news/2010/11/5/a-final-funding-deal-for-the-airbus-a400m-military-transport-aircraft-has-been-agreed-to-by-the-united-kingdom-france-germany-belgium-lu.md) _Context: Belgium, Britain, France, Germany, Spain, Turkey_
3. [Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-berlin-to-discuss-the-consequences-of-the-united-kin.md) _Context: Belgium, Britain, France, Germany, Italian_
4. [More than a dozen alleged ISIS-linked, terrorist members of Rawti Shax, a European offshoot of the Iraqi Kurdish jihadist network Ansar al-Islam,  are arrested in a coordinated, multi-nation sweep by police across Europe. The operation  dismantled an integrated cell in Italy, the United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, and Germany.  The group is accused of radicalizing fighters, planning attacks  targeting Norwegian and British diplomats in the Middle East, and planning to establish a caliphate in Iraq's Kurdistan region. ](/news/2015/11/12/more-than-a-dozen-alleged-isis-linked-terrorist-members-of-rawti-shax-a-european-offshoot-of-the-iraqi-kurdish-jihadist-network-ansar-al-i.md) _Context: Britain, Germany, Italian, Norway, Switzerland_
5. [Myanmar democracy activist Aung San Suu Kyi returns to Europe after more than two decades for a European tour, including Norway, Switzerland, France, Ireland and Britain. ](/news/2012/06/13/myanmar-democracy-activist-aung-san-suu-kyi-returns-to-europe-after-more-than-two-decades-for-a-european-tour-including-norway-switzerland.md) _Context: Britain, France, Ireland, Norway, Switzerland_
6. [Greek mail bombsParcel bombs explode at the Mexican, Russian and Swiss embassies in Greece. Similar packages were sent or addressed to the embassies of Belgium, Bulgaria, Chile, Germany and the Netherlands over the past two days. ](/news/2010/11/2/greek-mail-bombspparcel-bombs-explode-at-the-mexican-russian-and-swiss-embassies-in-greece-similar-packages-were-sent-or-addressed-to-the.md) _Context: Belgium, Bulgaria, Germany, Greek, Switzerland_
7. [G20 summitLeaders from Germany, France and the United Kingdom hold an emergency meeting at the 2010 G-20 Seoul summit after panic selling of Irish debt spreads to Spain and Portugal. ](/news/2010/11/12/g20-summitpleaders-from-germany-france-and-the-united-kingdom-hold-an-emergency-meeting-at-the-2010-g-20-seoul-summit-after-panic-selling-o.md) _Context: Britain, France, Germany, Ireland, Spain_
8. ['''Winter of 2009-2010 in Europe'''More than 160 people are trapped in vehicles overnight in Germany, dozens of flights are cancelled, Berlin and Leipzig are buried under 30cm of snow, parts of Schleswig-Holstein remain unreachable. The electricity of 80,000 people is cut off by snow in Poland. Eurostar services are affected in Belgium, Britain and France. ](/news/2010/01/10/winter-of-2009a2010-in-europe-pmore-than-160-people-are-trapped-in-vehicles-overnight-in-germany-dozens-of-flights-are-cancelled-be.md) _Context: Belgium, Britain, France, Germany, Polish_
9. [ The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown launches the International Health Partnership consisting of the World Health Organisation, the World Bank, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation as well as the governments of the United Kingdom, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway and Portugal. ](/news/2007/09/5/the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-gordon-brown-launches-the-international-health-partnership-consisting-of-the-world-health-organisa.md) _Context: Britain, France, Germany, Italian, Norway_
10. [ Hurricane force winds claim at least 40 lives in Western Europe including 10 lives in Britain and 11 in Germany, and other victims in The Netherlands (6), Poland (6), Czech Republic (3) and France (3). ](/news/2007/01/19/hurricane-force-winds-claim-at-least-40-lives-in-western-europe-including-10-lives-in-britain-and-11-in-germany-and-other-victims-in-the-n.md) _Context: Britain, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Polish_
