### [2005-12-5](/news/2005/12/5/index.md)

#  2005 Kashmir earthquake: Pakistan renews SOS Children's Villages role as custodian of all orphans and unaccompanied children following the earthquake. 




### Source:

1. [SOS](http://www.sos-childrensvillages.org/news-and-media/news/pages/south-asia-earthquake-children-urgently-need-aid-and-rehabilitation.aspx)

### Related:

1. [ 2005 Kashmir earthquake: SOS Children report gastroenteritis, pneumonia and bronchitis rife in emergency camps as landslides block route to Muzaffarabad. The organization now has a total of 106 children with missing parents in its care. ](/news/2006/01/6/2005-kashmir-earthquake-sos-children-report-gastroenteritis-pneumonia-and-bronchitis-rife-in-emergency-camps-as-landslides-block-route-to.md) _Context: 2005 Kashmir earthquake, SOS Children_
2. [ 2005 Kashmir earthquake. SOS Children's Villages field workers report a rapid deterioration in weather conditions and increase in weather-related death. 64 more children believed orphaned have been taken into emergency care this week. ](/news/2005/12/21/2005-kashmir-earthquake-sos-children-s-villages-field-workers-report-a-rapid-deterioration-in-weather-conditions-and-increase-in-weather-r.md) _Context: 2005 Kashmir earthquake, SOS Children_
3. [ Doctors in Pakistan marvel at the survival of Naqsha Bibi, rescued last Saturday, 63 days after she was buried in the 8 October 2005 Kashmir earthquake. ](/news/2005/12/14/doctors-in-pakistan-marvel-at-the-survival-of-naqsha-bibi-rescued-last-saturday-63-days-after-she-was-buried-in-the-8-october-2005-kashmi.md) _Context: 2005 Kashmir earthquake, Pakistan_
4. [ India opens the first of three frontier checkpoints at Chakan Da Bagh in Poonch on the Kashmir Line of Control (LoC) between India and Pakistan, for 2005 Kashmir earthquake relief work. ](/news/2005/11/7/india-opens-the-first-of-three-frontier-checkpoints-at-chakan-da-bagh-in-poonch-on-the-kashmir-line-of-control-loc-between-india-and-paki.md) _Context: 2005 Kashmir earthquake, Pakistan_
5. [ As the relief operation of 2005 Kashmir earthquake is facing great difficulties in reaching victims due to bad weather, mountainous terrain, landslides and blocked roads, Pakistani Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz makes an appeal to millions of survivors in the mountains to leave their villages and come down to the valleys and cities for shelter before the start of winter in about three weeks. ](/news/2005/10/27/as-the-relief-operation-of-2005-kashmir-earthquake-is-facing-great-difficulties-in-reaching-victims-due-to-bad-weather-mountainous-terrain.md) _Context: 2005 Kashmir earthquake, Pakistan_
6. [ 2005 Kashmir earthquake: SOS Children's Villages have been appointed temporary custodian of unaccompanied children. SOS will run the family tracing database and look after children in their emergency centre in Islamabad and in other six villages in Kashmir. ](/news/2005/10/14/2005-kashmir-earthquake-sos-children-s-villages-have-been-appointed-temporary-custodian-of-unaccompanied-children-sos-will-run-the-family.md) _Context: 2005 Kashmir earthquake, SOS Children_
7. [ 2005 Kashmir earthquake: SOS Children have reported that despite the destruction of much of their Children-s Village in Muzaffarabad all of the children in their care are believed safe. [http://www.sos-childrensvillages.org/News-and-Media/News/Pages/Children-in-need-of-shelter-and-protection-South-Asia-Earthquake.aspx]](/news/2005/10/10/2005-kashmir-earthquake-sos-children-have-reported-that-despite-the-destruction-of-much-of-their-children-s-village-in-muzaffarabad-all.md) _Context: 2005 Kashmir earthquake, SOS Children_
8. [Religion in Pakistan. Pakistan holds a state funeral for German-born Catholic nun Ruth Pfau, known as "Pakistan's Mother Teresa," who devoted her life to eradicating leprosy in the South Asian country. ](/news/2017/08/19/religion-in-pakistan-pakistan-holds-a-state-funeral-for-german-born-catholic-nun-ruth-pfau-known-as-pakistan-s-mother-teresa-who-devote.md) _Context: Pakistan_
9. [War in North-West Pakistan. August 2017 Quetta suicide bombing. A suicide bombing took place near a Pakistan army truck in Quetta, Balochistan, Pakistan, leaving 15 people dead including 8 soldiers, while injuring 40 others. ](/news/2017/08/12/war-in-north-west-pakistan-august-2017-quetta-suicide-bombing-a-suicide-bombing-took-place-near-a-pakistan-army-truck-in-quetta-balochist.md) _Context: Pakistan_
10. [War in North-West Pakistan. Chinese authorities report "grave concern" over reports that two kidnapped Chinese teachers in Quetta, Pakistan, were killed by members of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2017/06/9/war-in-north-west-pakistan-chinese-authorities-report-grave-concern-over-reports-that-two-kidnapped-chinese-teachers-in-quetta-pakistan.md) _Context: Pakistan_
