### [2005-07-27](/news/2005/07/27/index.md)

#  British "Shoot to Kill" Police Policy:: The British Police member who shot an innocent Brazilian man seven times in the head and once in the shoulder has been given a free holiday, paid for by Scotland Yard.[http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/4720979.stm (BBC)]: Sir Ian Blair, Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police has told Channel 4 news that on seven separate occasions British police have come close to killing suspected Suicide Bombers who it transpired were not Suicide Bombers. [http://www.timesonline.co.uk/article/0,,22989-1710202,00.html (The Times)], [http://news.ft.com/cms/s/764f2716-fe3c-11d9-a289-00000e2511c8.html (Financial Times)]




### Related:

1. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood. ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: Brazil, Britain_
2. [Brazil surpasses the United Kingdom to become the world's sixth-largest economy. ](/news/2011/12/26/brazil-surpasses-the-united-kingdom-to-become-the-world-s-sixth-largest-economy.md) _Context: Brazil, Britain_
3. [Argentina, Brazil and Uruguay agree to close their ports to ships flying the flag of the Falkland Islands at a Mercosur meeting; Argentina and the United Kingdom both claim the islands. ](/news/2011/12/21/argentina-brazil-and-uruguay-agree-to-close-their-ports-to-ships-flying-the-flag-of-the-falkland-islands-at-a-mercosur-meeting-argentina-a.md) _Context: Brazil, Britain_
4. [Brazilian Finance Minister Guido Mantega moves to secure the Brazilian real amid concerns expressed in the "Financial Times" of currency manipulation by the United States, China and others. ](/news/2011/01/10/brazilian-finance-minister-guido-mantega-moves-to-secure-the-brazilian-real-amid-concerns-expressed-in-the-financial-times-of-currency-man.md) _Context: Brazil, Financial Times_
5. [The Metropolitan Police arrest 6 people in London in connection to an alleged potential threat to the visit of Pope Benedict XVI to the United Kingdom. ](/news/2010/09/17/the-metropolitan-police-arrest-6-people-in-london-in-connection-to-an-alleged-potential-threat-to-the-visit-of-pope-benedict-xvi-to-the-unit.md) _Context: Britain, Metropolitan Police_
6. [ Brazil returns 1.500 tonnes of syringes, condoms and dirty nappies which were sent from the United Kingdom. ](/news/2009/08/6/brazil-returns-1-500-tonnes-of-syringes-condoms-and-dirty-nappies-which-were-sent-from-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: Brazil, Britain_
7. [ Brazil demands the return of over 1,400 tonnes of hazardous British waste. ](/news/2009/07/18/brazil-demands-the-return-of-over-1-400-tonnes-of-hazardous-british-waste.md) _Context: Brazil, Britain_
8. [ Brazil complains of 64 containers with over 1,400 tonnes of British used condoms, syringes and rotting nappies located in three of the country's ports. ](/news/2009/07/17/brazil-complains-of-64-containers-with-over-1-400-tonnes-of-british-used-condoms-syringes-and-rotting-nappies-located-in-three-of-the-coun.md) _Context: Brazil, Britain_
9. [ Scotland Yard investigates the expenses of five Labour MPs in Britain. ](/news/2009/06/19/scotland-yard-investigates-the-expenses-of-five-labour-mps-in-britain.md) _Context: Britain, Scotland Yard_
10. [ Speaker of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom Michael Martin accuses Scotland Yard of not having a search warrant before its officers entered Member of Parliament Damian Green's Commons office and failing to inform Serjeant-at-Arms Jill Pay that she was entitled to request one. ](/news/2008/12/3/speaker-of-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-michael-martin-accuses-scotland-yard-of-not-having-a-search-warrant-before-its-office.md) _Context: Britain, Scotland Yard_
