
Formats: [HTML](/news/2005/07/27/the-british-police-member-who-shot-an-innocent-brazilian-man-seven-times-in-the-head-and-once-in-the-shoulder-has-been-given-a-free-holiday.html)  [JSON](/news/2005/07/27/the-british-police-member-who-shot-an-innocent-brazilian-man-seven-times-in-the-head-and-once-in-the-shoulder-has-been-given-a-free-holiday.json)  [XML](/news/2005/07/27/the-british-police-member-who-shot-an-innocent-brazilian-man-seven-times-in-the-head-and-once-in-the-shoulder-has-been-given-a-free-holiday.xml)  

### [2005-07-27](/news/2005/07/27/index.md)

##### British Police
#  The British Police member who shot an innocent Brazilian man seven times in the head and once in the shoulder has been given a free holiday, paid for by Scotland Yard.[http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-uk-4720979.stm (BBC)] Sir Ian Blair, Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police has told Channel 4 news that on seven separate occasions British police have come close to killing suspected Suicide Bombers who it transpired were not Suicide Bombers. [http:--www.timesonline.co.uk-article-0,,22989-1710202,00.html (The Times)], [http:--news.ft.com-cms-s-764f2716-fe3c-11d9-a289-00000e2511c8.html (Financial Times)]




### Changes:

1. [ British "Shoot to Kill" Police Policy:: The British Police member who shot an innocent Brazilian man seven times in the head and once in the shoulder has been given a free holiday, paid for by Scotland Yard.[http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-uk-4720979.stm (BBC)]: Sir Ian Blair, Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police has told Channel 4 news that on seven separate occasions British police have come close to killing suspected Suicide Bombers who it transpired were not Suicide Bombers. [http:--www.timesonline.co.uk-article-0,,22989-1710202,00.html (The Times)], [http:--news.ft.com-cms-s-764f2716-fe3c-11d9-a289-00000e2511c8.html (Financial Times)]](/news/2005/07/27/british-shoot-to-kill-police-policy-the-british-police-member-who-shot-an-innocent-brazilian-man-seven-times-in-the-head-and-once-in-th.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:16 (First version)_
2. [ British "Shoot to Kill" Police Policy: The British Police member who shot an innocent Brazilian man seven times in the head and once in the shoulder has been given a free holiday, paid for by Scotland Yard.](/news/2005/07/27/british-shoot-to-kill-police-policy-p-the-british-police-member-who-shot-an-innocent-brazilian-man-seven-times-in-the-head-and-once-in-th.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:16 (Update)_
2. [ The British Police member who shot an innocent Brazilian man seven times in the head and once in the shoulder has been given a free holiday, paid for by Scotland Yard.[http:--news.bbc.co.uk-1-hi-uk-4720979.stm (BBC)] Sir Ian Blair, Commissioner of the Metropolitan Police has told Channel 4 news that on seven separate occasions British police have come close to killing suspected Suicide Bombers who it transpired were not Suicide Bombers. [http:--www.timesonline.co.uk-article-0,,22989-1710202,00.html (The Times)], [http:--news.ft.com-cms-s-764f2716-fe3c-11d9-a289-00000e2511c8.html (Financial Times)]](/news/2005/07/27/the-british-police-member-who-shot-an-innocent-brazilian-man-seven-times-in-the-head-and-once-in-the-shoulder-has-been-given-a-free-holiday.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Brazilian Finance Minister Guido Mantega moves to secure the Brazilian real amid concerns expressed in the "Financial Times" of currency manipulation by the United States, China and others. ](/news/2011/01/10/brazilian-finance-minister-guido-mantega-moves-to-secure-the-brazilian-real-amid-concerns-expressed-in-the-financial-times-of-currency-man.md) _Context: Brazil, Financial Times_
2. [Five unnamed Western European security sources allege that North Korean leader Kim Jong-un and his father Kim Jong-il used fraudulently obtained Brazilian passports in order to apply for visas to visit Western countries in the 1990s. ](/news/2018/02/27/five-unnamed-western-european-security-sources-allege-that-north-korean-leader-kim-jong-un-and-his-father-kim-jong-il-used-fraudulently-obta.md) _Context: Brazil_
3. [Senior politicians express outrage after an investigative report by the "Financial Times" on groping practices at a Dorchester hotel charity gala held by the London-based Presidents Club old boy network. Boris Johnson and Mark Carney both deny knowing that their lunch or tea time was sold as lots in the club's charitable auction. ](/news/2018/01/24/senior-politicians-express-outrage-after-an-investigative-report-by-the-financial-times-on-groping-practices-at-a-dorchester-hotel-charity.md) _Context: Financial Times_
4. [The state government of Minas Gerais, Brazil, declares a health emergency in three areas, Belo Horizonte, Itabira and Ponte Nova, over an outbreak of yellow fever. ](/news/2018/01/20/the-state-government-of-minas-gerais-brazil-declares-a-health-emergency-in-three-areas-belo-horizonte-itabira-and-ponte-nova-over-an-ou.md) _Context: Brazil_
5. [Fifteen people are injured and an infant is killed after a car hits a group of pedestrians near Copacabana Beach in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. The police report that the driver had an epileptic seizure. ](/news/2018/01/19/fifteen-people-are-injured-and-an-infant-is-killed-after-a-car-hits-a-group-of-pedestrians-near-copacabana-beach-in-rio-de-janeiro-brazil.md) _Context: Brazil_
