### [2012-04-9](/news/2012/04/9/index.md)

# German Health Minister Daniel Bahr tells "Die Welt" that the Israeli government's declaration of Gunter Grass as "persona non grata" in reaction to his poem "What Must Be Said" is "exaggerated". Meanwhile, a sculpture celebrating freedom of speech in Gottingen is daubed in red paint telling the recipient of the 1999 Nobel Prize in Literature to "shut your mouth". 




### Source:

1. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/news/diplomacy-defense/germany-official-israel-s-reaction-to-grass-criticism-exaggerated-1.423417)

### Related:

1. [The Internal Affairs Minister of Israel declares German poet and former Waffen-SS soldier Gunter Grass, recipient of the 1999 Nobel Prize in Literature, a "persona non grata" in a row over his poem "What Must Be Said". ](/news/2012/04/8/the-internal-affairs-minister-of-israel-declares-german-poet-and-former-waffen-ss-soldier-ga1-4nter-grass-recipient-of-the-1999-nobel-prize-i.md) _Context: Gunter Grass, Nobel Prize in Literature, What Must Be Said, persona non-grata_
2. [LGBT rights in Russia. The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia's gay propaganda law encourages homophobia, reinforces prejudice and violates the right to freedom of speech. ](/news/2017/06/20/lgbt-rights-in-russia-the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-s-gay-propaganda-law-encourages-homophobia-reinforces-prejudice.md) _Context: freedom of speech_
3. [The Swedish Academy announces that American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan has agreed to accept his Nobel Prize in Literature this weekend at a private location in Stockholm. ](/news/2017/03/29/the-swedish-academy-announces-that-american-singer-songwriter-bob-dylan-has-agreed-to-accept-his-nobel-prize-in-literature-this-weekend-at-a.md) _Context: Nobel Prize in Literature_
4. [Per Wastberg, a member of the Swedish Academy, says that songwriter and artist Bob Dylan has not yet indicated whether he intends to accept the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature. ](/news/2016/10/21/per-wa-stberg-a-member-of-the-swedish-academy-says-that-songwriter-and-artist-bob-dylan-has-not-yet-indicated-whether-he-intends-to-accept.md) _Context: Nobel Prize in Literature_
5. [American singer-songwriter Bob Dylan wins the Nobel Prize in Literature. ](/news/2016/10/13/american-singer-songwriter-bob-dylan-wins-the-nobel-prize-in-literature.md) _Context: Nobel Prize in Literature_
6. [European migrant crisis. Austria-Italy relations. Austria plans to deploy soldiers on its border with Italy to stem an expected increase in migrants trying to get to northern Europe, according to Austrian Defence Minister Hans Peter Doskozil. "As the EU's external borders are not yet effectively protected, Austria will soon ramp up strict border controls. That means massive border controls on the Brenner Pass, and with soldiers," Doskozil told German daily newspaper "Die Welt". ](/news/2016/04/2/european-migrant-crisis-austria-italy-relations-austria-plans-to-deploy-soldiers-on-its-border-with-italy-to-stem-an-expected-increase-i.md) _Context: Die Welt_
7. [Belarusian author and journalist Svetlana Alexievich wins the 2015 Nobel Prize in Literature. ](/news/2015/10/8/belarusian-author-and-journalist-svetlana-alexievich-wins-the-2015-nobel-prize-in-literature.md) _Context: Nobel Prize in Literature_
8. [A French public prosecutor said charges against far-right leader Marine Le Pen should be dropped. Le Pen is being tried for comments she made five years ago comparing Muslim street prayers to Nazi occupation. Prosecutor Bernard Reynaud said, -Madame Le Pen in denouncing prayers in public space addressed not the entire Muslim community but a minority and was only exercising her freedom of expression.- ](/news/2015/10/20/a-french-public-prosecutor-said-charges-against-far-right-leader-marine-le-pen-should-be-dropped-le-pen-is-being-tried-for-comments-she-mad.md) _Context: freedom of speech_
9. [Bahrain recalls its ambassador to Iran and expels the Iranian acting "charge d'affaires" who is declared "persona non-grata", a day after Bahraini security forces discovered a large bomb-making factory in Nuwaidrat and arrested a number of suspects linked to Iran's Revolutionary Guards. Bahrain's decision to recall its ambassador comes "in light of continued Iranian meddling in the affairs of the kingdom of Bahrain in order to create sectarian strife and impose hegemony and control." ](/news/2015/10/1/bahrain-recalls-its-ambassador-to-iran-and-expels-the-iranian-acting-charga-c-d-affaires-who-is-declared-persona-non-grata-a-day-after-b.md) _Context: persona non-grata_
10. [Ukraine expels Valery Shibeko, Russia's top envoy to Odessa, after declaring the consulate general ""persona non grata"" for conducting unnamed activities "incompatible" with his diplomatic work. ](/news/2015/07/17/ukraine-expels-valery-shibeko-russia-s-top-envoy-to-odessa-after-declaring-the-consulate-general-persona-non-grata-for-conducting-unna.md) _Context: persona non-grata_
