### [2013-12-4](/news/2013/12/4/index.md)

# A Hezbollah official Hassan al-Lakkis is assassinated outside his home in Hadath, south of the Lebanese capital Beirut with Hezbollah blaming Israel. 

A Hezbollah commander was gunned down overnight outside his home south of Beirut, in an assassination the Lebanese group said Israel would bear full responsibility for.


### Source:

1. [Daily Star](http://www.dailystar.com.lb/News/Lebanon-News/2013/Dec-04/239853-hezbollah-official-assassinated-outside-his-beirut-home.ashx#axzz2mIdcjbPq)

### Related:

1. [In response to several Israeli airstrikes against suspected Hezbollah-related targets inside Syria, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has threatened wider war with the State of Israel, stating its intention to fire Scud missiles, and specifically target the Israeli city of Haifa. Israel responded by stating that any such actions by the Assad regime, or attacks on its aircraft, will cause Israel to "annihilate" Syrian air defense systems. ](/news/2017/03/25/in-response-to-several-israeli-airstrikes-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-inside-syria-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-has-thr.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel_
2. [Allegedly Israeli fighter jets strike a suspected Hezbollah weapons convoy near Damascus, Syria. ](/news/2016/11/30/allegedly-israeli-fighter-jets-strike-a-suspected-hezbollah-weapons-convoy-near-damascus-syria.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel_
3. [The Saudi-owned news channel Al Arabiya shuts its offices in Beirut, Lebanon and dismisses 27 employees in a sudden move reflecting tensions between Saudi Arabia and Lebanon-based Hezbollah, which is backed by Iran. Saudi Arabia interpreted Lebanon's lack of public solidarity as a sign that it had become beholden to Hezbollah. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-saudi-owned-news-channel-al-arabiya-shuts-its-offices-in-beirut-lebanon-and-dismisses-27-employees-in-a-sudden-move-reflecting-tensions.md) _Context: Beirut, Hezbollah_
4. [A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-national-defence-force.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel_
5. [Lebanese Interior Minister Nouhad Machnouk reports at least 43 people were killed and more than 239 wounded as two, simultaneous suicide bomb blasts hit a Shi'ite community center and a nearby bakery in the Beirut suburb of Bourj el-Barajneh, a section of the Lebanese capital controlled by Hezbollah. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. Machnouk said a third suicide bomber had been killed by one of the explosions before he could detonate his own bomb. The bombers struck as Lebanese lawmakers held a legislative session for the first time in over a year. ](/news/2015/11/12/lebanese-interior-minister-nouhad-machnouk-reports-at-least-43-people-were-killed-and-more-than-239-wounded-as-two-simultaneous-suicide-bom.md) _Context: Beirut, Hezbollah_
6. [Israeli security forces claim that Hezbollah and forces loyal to the President of Syria Bashar al-Assad are responsible for firing rockets from Syrian territory onto the Golan Heights into the mount Hermon sky resort. ](/news/2015/01/27/israeli-security-forces-claim-that-hezbollah-and-forces-loyal-to-the-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-are-responsible-for-firing-rockets-f.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel_
7. [Two people are killed and 38 injured in a bombing of a Hezbollah stronghold in Beirut. ](/news/2014/02/19/two-people-are-killed-and-38-injured-in-a-bombing-of-a-hezbollah-stronghold-in-beirut.md) _Context: Beirut, Hezbollah_
8. [A bomb detonates at a Hezbollah building in Beirut, Lebanon killing 4 people and wounding 35. ](/news/2014/01/21/a-bomb-detonates-at-a-hezbollah-building-in-beirut-lebanon-killing-4-people-and-wounding-35.md) _Context: Beirut, Hezbollah_
9. [Israeli aircraft carry out a strike near the Syrian coastal city of Latakia targeting Russian-made S-125 air defense missiles allegedly intended for use by the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah. ](/news/2013/11/1/israeli-aircraft-carry-out-a-strike-near-the-syrian-coastal-city-of-latakia-targeting-russian-made-s-125-air-defense-missiles-allegedly-inte.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel_
10. [At least 20 people are killed and 200 injured in an explosion in southern Beirut near a complex used by Lebanon's militant group Hezbollah in Lebanon. A previously unknown Syrian Sunni group claims responsibility in an online video. ](/news/2013/08/15/at-least-20-people-are-killed-and-200-injured-in-an-explosion-in-southern-beirut-near-a-complex-used-by-lebanon-s-militant-group-hezbollah-i.md) _Context: Beirut, Hezbollah_
