### [2013-12-4](/news/2013/12/4/index.md)

# Iraqi insurgency (post-U.S. withdrawal):. Iraqi security forces storm the Jawahir Mall in Kirkuk after armed gunmen seize hostages. 

Brazen attack on Kirkuk mall by gunmen and suicide bombers leaves many dead as violence escalates in Iraq.


### Source:

1. [Al-Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2013/12/several-feared-dead-iraq-gunfight-20131242175724158.html)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War. Military intervention against ISIL. The United Nations reports that ISIL appears to have captured up to 3,000 fleeing Iraqi villagers from Hawija District headed to Kirkuk city. Militants reportedly executed 12 people. Earlier, the Iraqi Observatory for Human Rights said ISIL is using people for human shields against attacks by Iraqi security forces. ](/news/2016/08/5/iraqi-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-the-united-nations-reports-that-isil-appears-to-have-captured-up-to-3-000-fleeing-iraqi.md) _Context: Iraqi security forces, Kirkuk_
2. [Iraqi insurgency (post-U.S. withdrawal). Kurdish MPs withdraw from the central government following a dispute with the Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki with Kurdish forces taking over control of two northern oil fields at Bai Hassan and Kirkuk. ](/news/2014/07/11/iraqi-insurgency-post-u-s-withdrawal-kurdish-mps-withdraw-from-the-central-government-following-a-dispute-with-the-prime-minister-nouri.md) _Context: Iraqi insurgency (post-U.S. withdrawal), Kirkuk_
3. [Iraqi insurgency (post-U.S. withdrawal). 49 people have been killed and 69 wounded in a series of attacks across Iraq including attack by Iraqi security forces on insurgents in Anbar province. ](/news/2014/05/12/iraqi-insurgency-post-u-s-withdrawal-49-people-have-been-killed-and-69-wounded-in-a-series-of-attacks-across-iraq-including-attack-by-ir.md) _Context: Iraqi insurgency (post-U.S. withdrawal), Iraqi security forces_
4. [Iraqi insurgency (post-U.S. withdrawal):. Militants in Kirkuk, Iraq, attack a mall and police headquarters, killing 10 people and injuring another 70. ](/news/2013/12/5/iraqi-insurgency-post-u-s-withdrawal-militants-in-kirkuk-iraq-attack-a-mall-and-police-headquarters-killing-10-people-and-injuring-a.md) _Context: Iraqi insurgency (post-U.S. withdrawal), Kirkuk_
5. [Iraqi insurgency (post-U.S. withdrawal):. A bomb detonates outside a Sunni mosque in Kirkuk, Iraq, killing 12 worshipers and injuring another 24. ](/news/2013/10/15/iraqi-insurgency-post-u-s-withdrawal-a-bomb-detonates-outside-a-sunni-mosque-in-kirkuk-iraq-killing-12-worshipers-and-injuring-anothe.md) _Context: Iraqi insurgency (post-U.S. withdrawal), Kirkuk_
6. [Iraqi insurgency (post-U.S. withdrawal):. Coordinated car bombings against five Shiite mosques in Baghdad and Kirkuk kill 23 worshipers. ](/news/2013/03/29/iraqi-insurgency-post-u-s-withdrawal-coordinated-car-bombings-against-five-shiite-mosques-in-baghdad-and-kirkuk-kill-23-worshipers.md) _Context: Iraqi insurgency (post-U.S. withdrawal), Kirkuk_
7. [Iraqi insurgency (post-U.S. withdrawal):. At least 33 people are killed in Kirkuk, Iraq, when a suicide bomber detonates a truck packed with explosives outside a police headquarters and gunmen disguised as officers tried to storm the compound. ](/news/2013/02/3/iraqi-insurgency-post-u-s-withdrawal-at-least-33-people-are-killed-in-kirkuk-iraq-when-a-suicide-bomber-detonates-a-truck-packed-with.md) _Context: Iraqi insurgency (post-U.S. withdrawal), Kirkuk_
8. [Iraqi Civil War. Tal Afar offensive (2017). Iraqi security forces, along with Shi'ite volunteers and Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, launch a ground offensive to take the city of Tal Afar back from Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. The city has been isolated from the rest of the ISIL-held territory since the recent Mosul liberation. ](/news/2017/08/20/iraqi-civil-war-tal-afar-offensive-2017-iraqi-security-forces-along-with-shi-ite-volunteers-and-kurdish-peshmerga-fighters-launch-a-gr.md) _Context: Iraqi security forces_
9. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). ISIL militants launch attacks on government buildings, police stations, and a power station in the city of Kirkuk, Iraqi Kurdistan, killing dozens of people. ](/news/2016/10/21/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-isil-militants-launch-attacks-on-government-buildings-police-stations-and-a-power-station-in-the-city-of.md) _Context: Kirkuk_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). A triple suicide bomb attack north of Tikrit kills at least 11 and injures another 34 members of Iraqi security forces. ](/news/2016/09/24/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-triple-suicide-bomb-attack-north-of-tikrit-kills-at-least-11-and-injures-another-34-members-of-iraqi-sec.md) _Context: Iraqi security forces_
