### [2013-12-4](/news/2013/12/4/index.md)

# The European Commission fines six banks $2.3 billion for forming illegal cartels to rig interest rates. 

The European Commission fines eight banks - including RBS - a total of 1.7bn euros for forming illegal cartels to rig benchmark interest rates.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-25215560#)

### Related:

1. [The closely-watched CEVIPOF poll shows Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen clinging to a narrow lead heading into the first stage of the election, with Le Pen recently becoming embroiled in a spat with the European Commission after refusing to appear on TF1 while there remained a Flag of Europe in the background. ](/news/2017/04/19/the-closely-watched-cevipof-poll-shows-emmanuel-macron-and-marine-le-pen-clinging-to-a-narrow-lead-heading-into-the-first-stage-of-the-elect.md) _Context: European Commission_
2. [The European Commission, based on the  Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe report, calls on Turkey to launch an investigation into allegations of referendum voting irregularities. ](/news/2017/04/18/the-european-commission-based-on-the-organization-for-security-and-co-operation-in-europe-report-calls-on-turkey-to-launch-an-investigati.md) _Context: European Commission_
3. [The European Commission blocks the third attempt of the London Stock Exchange and Deutsche Borse at a merger, citing the danger of a "de facto monopoly in the crucial area of fixed income instruments". ](/news/2017/03/29/the-european-commission-blocks-the-third-attempt-of-the-london-stock-exchange-and-deutsche-baprse-at-a-merger-citing-the-danger-of-a-de-fa.md) _Context: European Commission_
4. [The European Union's 28 member states formally accept Bosnia and Herzegovina's membership application. The European Commission (EC) will now determine whether Bosnia meets the criteria to join the union, a process that is expected to take a year. ](/news/2016/09/20/the-european-union-s-28-member-states-formally-accept-bosnia-and-herzegovina-s-membership-application-the-european-commission-ec-will-now.md) _Context: European Commission_
5. [The French government calls on former European Commission chief Jose Manuel Barroso not to take a job with investment bank Goldman Sachs, after some EU politicians demanded Barroso be sanctioned for accepting the new position that raises questions about the EU's conflict of interest rules. ](/news/2016/07/14/the-french-government-calls-on-former-european-commission-chief-josa-c-manuel-barroso-not-to-take-a-job-with-investment-bank-goldman-sachs-a.md) _Context: European Commission_
6. [United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016:European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker warns the British voters, saying that there would be no re-negotiations with Britain whatever outcome of its membership referendum. ](/news/2016/06/22/united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-peuropean-commission-president-jean-claude-juncker-warns-the-british-voters-sayin.md) _Context: European Commission_
7. [The European Commission  proposes an end-of-year target date for lifting internal border checks and restoring the 26-nation, passport-free Schengen Area. ](/news/2016/03/4/the-european-commission-proposes-an-end-of-year-target-date-for-lifting-internal-border-checks-and-restoring-the-26-nation-passport-free-s.md) _Context: European Commission_
8. [Negotiators for the European Commission and the United States agree on a pact protecting data transfers across the North Atlantic by companies such as Google and Amazon, imposing on such companies certain privacy shield obligations. ](/news/2016/02/2/negotiators-for-the-european-commission-and-the-united-states-agree-on-a-pact-protecting-data-transfers-across-the-north-atlantic-by-compani.md) _Context: European Commission_
9. [The British bank Barclays fires Chief Executive Antony Jenkins for his failure to reduce head count and the pace of cost cutting with Chairman John McFarlane to act as interim CEO until a replacement is appointed. The bank was recently convicted of earning billions through fraud as part of the LIBOR scandal ](/news/2015/07/8/the-british-bank-barclays-fires-chief-executive-antony-jenkins-for-his-failure-to-reduce-head-count-and-the-pace-of-cost-cutting-with-chairm.md) _Context: LIBOR scandal_
10. [Deutsche Bank pays $2.5 billion to settle an investigation by the United States and the United Kingdom related to manipulation of the Libor or  London Interbank Offered Rate. It will also plead guilty in a US court case. ](/news/2015/04/23/deutsche-bank-pays-2-5-billion-to-settle-an-investigation-by-the-united-states-and-the-united-kingdom-related-to-manipulation-of-the-libor.md) _Context: LIBOR scandal_
