### [2015-10-2](/news/2015/10/2/index.md)

# 2015 FIFA corruption case: Longtime FIFA corporate sponsors -- Coca-Cola Co., McDonald's, Visa Inc., and Budweiser owner Anheuser-Busch InBev -- demand FIFA President Sepp Blatter step down immediately following last week's announcement of his criminal investigation by the Swiss attorney general. Blatter refused. 




### Source:

1. [Irish Independent](http://www.independent.ie/world-news/europe/defiant-blatter-rejects-fifa-sponsors-calls-to-quit-31578785.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/02/us-soccer-fifa-coca-cola-idUSKCN0RW27F20151002)

### Related:

1. [2015 FIFA corruption case: FIFA shares results of their investigation with legal authorities showing former president Sepp Blatter and two others gave themselves nearly $80 million over the past five years via annual raises and World Cup bonuses. ](/news/2016/06/3/2015-fifa-corruption-case-fifa-shares-results-of-their-investigation-with-legal-authorities-showing-former-president-sepp-blatter-and-two-o.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
2. [2015 FIFA corruption case: The Office of the Attorney General of Switzerland opens criminal proceedings against the President of FIFA Sepp Blatter. ](/news/2015/09/25/2015-fifa-corruption-case-the-office-of-the-attorney-general-of-switzerland-opens-criminal-proceedings-against-the-president-of-fifa-sepp-b.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, Sepp Blatter, Switzerland_
3. [FIFA President Sepp Blatter fears being plunged into "a black hole" if AFC President Mohammed Bin Hammam defeats him in next month's leadership election. ](/news/2011/05/13/fifa-president-sepp-blatter-fears-being-plunged-into-a-black-hole-if-afc-president-mohammed-bin-hammam-defeats-him-in-next-month-s-leaders.md) _Context: FIFA, FIFA President, Sepp Blatter_
4. [2015 FIFA corruption case: Reuters reports that a million dollars in FIFA funding is missing from the accounts of the National Football Federation of Guatemala. ](/news/2016/01/30/2015-fifa-corruption-case-reuters-reports-that-a-million-dollars-in-fifa-funding-is-missing-from-the-accounts-of-the-national-football-fede.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, FIFA_
5. [2015 FIFA corruption case: U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch announces criminal corruption charges against 16 FIFA officials in an indictment that expands Justice's May filing that indicted 14 officials associated with FIFA (Federation Internationale de Football Association) and related sports marketing companies. At U.S. authorities request, Swiss police arrest two South American FIFA (Federation Internationale de Football Association) officials at the five-star Baur au Lac hotel in Zurich, on suspicion of accepting "millions of dollars" in bribes. In addition, eight of the defendants indicted in May have pleaded guilty. ](/news/2015/12/3/2015-fifa-corruption-case-u-s-attorney-general-loretta-lynch-announces-criminal-corruption-charges-against-16-fifa-officials-in-an-indictm.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, FIFA_
6. [Swiss police seize computer records from FIFA in an investigation into alleged corruption by the world governing body of association football. ](/news/2015/06/9/swiss-police-seize-computer-records-from-fifa-in-an-investigation-into-alleged-corruption-by-the-world-governing-body-of-association-footbal.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, FIFA_
7. [2015 FIFA corruption case: Interpol issues red notices linked to arrest warrants for two former FIFA officials Jack Warner and Nicolas Leoz and four executives. ](/news/2015/06/3/2015-fifa-corruption-case-interpol-issues-red-notices-linked-to-arrest-warrants-for-two-former-fifa-officials-jack-warner-and-nicolas-leoz.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, FIFA_
8. [FIFA corruption scandal: Six FIFA officials are detained in Switzerland for extradition to the United States in relation to allegations of corruption between the 1990s and now. Those arrested include Jeffrey Webb, Jack Warner, Eduardo Li, Eugenio Figueredo and Jose Maria Marin. ](/news/2015/05/27/fifa-corruption-scandal-six-fifa-officials-are-detained-in-switzerland-for-extradition-to-the-united-states-in-relation-to-allegations-of-c.md) _Context: FIFA, Switzerland_
9. [Writing in the FIFA Weekly magazine, FIFA president Sepp Blatter calls Iran to end its "intolerable" ban on women attending soccer matches, describing the situation as one that "cannot continue." ](/news/2015/03/6/writing-in-the-fifa-weekly-magazine-fifa-president-sepp-blatter-calls-iran-to-end-its-intolerable-ban-on-women-attending-soccer-matches.md) _Context: FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
10. [FIFA President Sepp Blatter rejects criticism of the 2010 FIFA World Cup. ](/news/2010/07/11/fifa-president-sepp-blatter-rejects-criticism-of-the-2010-fifa-world-cup.md) _Context: FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
