### [2015-10-2](/news/2015/10/2/index.md)

# Hackers steal the personal information of about 15 million T-Mobile US customers and applicants. The breach is at a unit of the credit agency Experian. 

Hackers target credit agency Experian to steal the personal information of about 15 million T-Mobile customers and applicants for contracts in the US.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/business-34420879)

### Related:

1. [Alleged Russian hackers have penetrated the computer network of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) and have gained access to the entire database of research on Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump, according to committee officials and security experts. The DNC says that no financial, donor or personal information appears to have been accessed or taken, suggesting that the breach was traditional espionage, and not the work of criminal hackers. ](/news/2016/06/14/alleged-russian-hackers-have-penetrated-the-computer-network-of-the-democratic-national-committee-dnc-and-have-gained-access-to-the-entire.md) _Context: hackers_
2. [Netflix acknowledges it's been slowing its video transmission on wireless mobile carriers around the world, including Verizon and AT&T, for five years to "protect consumers from exceeding mobile data caps." Last week, these carriers were accused of this. The company told "The Wall Street Journal" that T-Mobile or Sprint users weren't affected because, "historically those two companies have had more consumer-friendly policies." In May, Netflix plans to shift some of that control to viewers themselves. ](/news/2016/03/25/netflix-acknowledges-it-s-been-slowing-its-video-transmission-on-wireless-mobile-carriers-around-the-world-including-verizon-and-at-t-for.md) _Context: T-Mobile_
3. [Bangladeshi bank officials say unknown hackers installed malware in the bank's computer systems in last month's attempt to steal nearly $1 billion from the central bank's account at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. ](/news/2016/03/11/bangladeshi-bank-officials-say-unknown-hackers-installed-malware-in-the-bank-s-computer-systems-in-last-month-s-attempt-to-steal-nearly-1-b.md) _Context: hackers_
4. [DotGovs, a hacker group that released data on almost 10,000 Department of Homeland Security employees yesterday, publish contact information for 20,000 FBI employees. ](/news/2016/02/8/dotgovs-a-hacker-group-that-released-data-on-almost-10-000-department-of-homeland-security-employees-yesterday-publish-contact-information.md) _Context: hackers_
5. [ The University of California, Berkeley alerts 80,000 people of a cyber-attack on a system that stores Social Security and bank account numbers. There is no evidence the hacker(s) took any personal information. ](/news/2016/02/26/the-university-of-california-berkeley-alerts-80-000-people-of-a-cyber-attack-on-a-system-that-stores-social-security-and-bank-account-numb.md) _Context: hackers_
6. ["Smart Sheriff", the most widely used child surveillance mobile app in South Korea, is pulled from the market after specialists raised serious concerns about the program's safety. Security experts say its programming left the door wide open to hackers and put the personal information of some 380,000 users at risk. The country's April 2015 law requires all new smartphones sold to those 18 and under have software parents can use to monitor their kids' social media activity. ](/news/2015/11/1/smart-sheriff-the-most-widely-used-child-surveillance-mobile-app-in-south-korea-is-pulled-from-the-market-after-specialists-raised-serio.md) _Context: hackers_
7. [Wikileaks releases U.S. Central Intelligence Agency director John O. Brennan's personal information after the top spy's personal email account was allegedly hacked by a 13-year-old and information sent to Wikileaks. All of the documents predate Brennan's time in the Obama administration and reveal no classified data. Among the information released are Social Security numbers, an incomplete questionnaire for security clearance, and addresses of his family and associates. ](/news/2015/10/21/wikileaks-releases-u-s-central-intelligence-agency-director-john-o-brennan-s-personal-information-after-the-top-spy-s-personal-email-accou.md) _Context: hackers_
8. [Associated Press reports that there has been a massive hack from the American Office of Personnel Management and US Department of the Interior with the "Washington Post" claiming that Chinese hackers were responsible. The records of at least four million US Government workers are believed to have been compromised. ](/news/2015/06/4/associated-press-reports-that-there-has-been-a-massive-hack-from-the-american-office-of-personnel-management-and-us-department-of-the-interi.md) _Context: hackers_
9. [The United States Office of Personnel Management closes down its system for employee background checks following the theft of millions of records in a computer hacking incident suspected to be conducted by Chinese hackers. ](/news/2015/06/29/the-united-states-office-of-personnel-management-closes-down-its-system-for-employee-background-checks-following-the-theft-of-millions-of-re.md) _Context: hackers_
10. [The Associated Press reports that hackers linked to the People's Republic of China appear to have gained access to sensitive background material about people seeking security clearances from the United States government. ](/news/2015/06/12/the-associated-press-reports-that-hackers-linked-to-the-people-s-republic-of-china-appear-to-have-gained-access-to-sensitive-background-mate.md) _Context: hackers_
