### [2015-10-2](/news/2015/10/2/index.md)

# Longtime FIFA corporate sponsors -- Coca-Cola Co., McDonald's, Visa Inc., and Budweiser owner Anheuser-Busch InBev -- demand FIFA President Sepp Blatter step down immediately following last week's announcement of his criminal investigation by the Swiss attorney general. Blatter refused. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/02/us-soccer-fifa-coca-cola-idUSKCN0RW27F20151002)
2. [Irish Independent](http://www.independent.ie/world-news/europe/defiant-blatter-rejects-fifa-sponsors-calls-to-quit-31578785.html)

### Related:

1. [Federation Internationale de Football Association ethics committee recommends FIFA President Sepp Blatter be suspended, re: the Swiss attorney general's ongoing criminal investigation. The final decision will be made by Chairman of the Ethics Committee's adjudication chamber, Hans-Joachim Eckert. ](/news/2015/10/7/fa-c-da-c-ration-internationale-de-football-association-ethics-committee-recommends-fifa-president-sepp-blatter-be-suspended-re-the-swiss-atto.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, FIFA, Sepp Blatter, Swiss, attorney general's_
2. [FIFA shares results of their investigation with legal authorities showing former president Sepp Blatter and two others gave themselves  nearly $80 million over the past five years via annual raises and World Cup bonuses. ](/news/2016/06/3/fifa-shares-results-of-their-investigation-with-legal-authorities-showing-former-president-sepp-blatter-and-two-others-gave-themselves-near.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
3. [UEFA President Michel Platini, who had been suspended by the FIFA Ethics Committee last fall, announces his resignation following the Court of Arbitration for Sport decision  that let stand his ban, shortened to four years which corresponds to the duration of his remaining time in office. The court ruled that Platini was guilty of conflict of interest for taking a $2 million payment from FIFA approved by Sepp Blatter in 2011.  ](/news/2016/05/9/uefa-president-michel-platini-who-had-been-suspended-by-the-fifa-ethics-committee-last-fall-announces-his-resignation-following-the-court.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
4. [Officials of FIFA meet in Zurich for the 2016 FIFA Extraordinary Congress to select a new President of FIFA to replace Sepp Blatter. Gianni Infantino is elected with a majority of votes in the second round of voting. ](/news/2016/02/26/officials-of-fifa-meet-in-za1-4rich-for-the-2016-fifa-extraordinary-congress-to-select-a-new-president-of-fifa-to-replace-sepp-blatter-gianni.md) _Context: FIFA, President of FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
5. [The Office of the Attorney General of Switzerland opens criminal proceedings against the President of FIFA Sepp Blatter. ](/news/2015/09/25/the-office-of-the-attorney-general-of-switzerland-opens-criminal-proceedings-against-the-president-of-fifa-sepp-blatter.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, Sepp Blatter, Swiss_
6. [Sepp Blatter announces that he will resign as President of FIFA as a result of the corruption scandals with an emergency congress to be called as soon as possible. ](/news/2015/06/2/sepp-blatter-announces-that-he-will-resign-as-president-of-fifa-as-a-result-of-the-corruption-scandals-with-an-emergency-congress-to-be-call.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
7. [FIFA President Sepp Blatter fears being plunged into "a black hole" if AFC President Mohammed Bin Hammam defeats him in next month's leadership election. ](/news/2011/05/13/fifa-president-sepp-blatter-fears-being-plunged-into-a-black-hole-if-afc-president-mohammed-bin-hammam-defeats-him-in-next-month-s-leaders.md) _Context: FIFA, President of FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
8. [President of FIFA Sepp Blatter says that FIFA is investigating reports that members of the North Korea national football team have been publicly humiliated and the coach Kim Jong-Hun sentenced to hard labour following a poor performance in the 2010 FIFA World Cup. ](/news/2010/08/11/president-of-fifa-sepp-blatter-says-that-fifa-is-investigating-reports-that-members-of-the-north-korea-national-football-team-have-been-publ.md) _Context: FIFA, President of FIFA, Sepp Blatter_
9. [Former President of FIFA Sepp Blatter and suspended President of UEFA boss Michel Platini lose their appeals against being banned from all football related activities but the period of the ban is reduced from eight to six years. ](/news/2016/02/24/former-president-of-fifa-sepp-blatter-and-suspended-president-of-uefa-boss-michel-platini-lose-their-appeals-against-being-banned-from-all-f.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, Sepp Blatter_
10. [Reuters reports that a million dollars in FIFA funding is missing from the accounts of the National Football Federation of Guatemala. ](/news/2016/01/30/reuters-reports-that-a-million-dollars-in-fifa-funding-is-missing-from-the-accounts-of-the-national-football-federation-of-guatemala.md) _Context: 2015 FIFA corruption case, FIFA_
