### [2015-10-2](/news/2015/10/2/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War: Russian intervention in the Syrian Civil War: The Russian Government says Russian jets bombed Syria for the third consecutive day, hitting 12 Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) targets. The UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that ISIL has no presence in the western and northern areas struck though Al-Qaeda's Syrian affiliate al-Nusra Front does. Russian planes also bombed Raqqah, the unofficial capital of ISIL. 




### Source:

1. [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-3257288/Two-children-killed-latest-Russian-airstrikes-U-S-general-accuses-Moscow-dropping-CLUSTER-BOMBS-obliterate-areas-size-football-fields-civilians.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (December 2016): ISIL recaptures the Syrian city of Palmyra despite heavy Russian airstrikes, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and Palmyra Coordination Committee (PCC). ](/news/2016/12/11/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-december-2016-isil-recaptures-the-syrian-city-of-palmyra-despite-heavy-russian-airstrikes-according.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Russian Air Force, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
2. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (March 2016): Airstrikes by Syrian or Russian warplanes on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah in northern Syria, leaves at least 39 people dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Airstrikes on the city of Palmyra and nearby villages are said to have killed at least 18 ISIL militants, as the Syrian Army advance on the city. ](/news/2016/03/19/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-march-2016-airstrikes-by-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-on-isil-s-de-facto-capital-al-raqqah-in-northern.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Russian Air Force, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
3. [Syrian Civil War: Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War: Russian airstrikes on a Al-Nusra Front (Al-Qaeda's branch in Syria)-run prison complex in the northern town of Maarrat al-Nu'man, Idlib, leaves nearly 60 people dead. Most of those killed were rebels imprisoned by Al-Nusra, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/01/9/syrian-civil-war-russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-russian-airstrikes-on-a-al-nusra-front-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, al-Nusra, al-Qaeda_
4. [Syrian Civil War: According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democr.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra_
6. [Syrian civil war and Russia-United States relations: The U.S. Obama administration and the Russian Putin administration agree to a Syrian peace deal. The deal is intended to end combat in specified areas and create a joint center of combat to fight ISIL and Al-Nusra Front. ](/news/2016/09/10/syrian-civil-war-and-russia-united-states-relations-the-u-s-obama-administration-and-the-russian-putin-administration-agree-to-a-syrian.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War, al-Nusra_
7. [Syrian Civil War: The British-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports U.S.-led coalition airstrikes on the Islamic State-held city of Manbij in northern Syria kill at least 56 civilians, including 11 children, and injure dozens more. ](/news/2016/07/19/syrian-civil-war-the-british-based-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-u-s-led-coalition-airstrikes-on-the-islamic-state-held-city.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
8. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says Syrian rebels have seized control of the al-Tanf border crossing on the Iraq-Syria border from ISIL militants. The rebel fighters who took the crossing reportedly entered Syria through Jordan. ](/news/2016/03/4/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-syrian-rebels-have-seized-control-of-the-al-tanf-border-crossing-on-the-iraq.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
9. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a drone attack, -most likely operated by the US-led coalition,- kills Abu al-Hija, a high-ranking Tunisian ISIL commander, near the Islamic State's de facto Syrian capital Raqqa. ](/news/2016/03/31/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-drone-attack-most-likely-operated-by-the-us-led-coalition-kills.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
10. [Syrian Civil War: Second Battle of Maarat al-Nu'man: The al-Nusra Front, an al-Qaeda affiliate, assaults the Free Syrian Army's 13th Division in Maarrat al-Nu'man, killing seven FSA fighters with 40 captured. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says Nusra seized anti-tank missiles, armored vehicles, a tank, and other arms from the U.S.-backed division. ](/news/2016/03/13/syrian-civil-war-second-battle-of-maarat-al-nu-man-the-al-nusra-front-an-al-qaeda-affiliate-assaults-the-free-syrian-army-s-13th-divisio.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, al-Nusra, al-Qaeda_
