### [2015-10-2](/news/2015/10/2/index.md)

# The U.S. Coast Guard is searching for a 735-foot (224-meter) cargo ship named 'El Faro,' with 33 people on board, that went missing near Crooked Island in the Bahamas during Hurricane Joaquin. Five Poles and 28 Americans make up the crew. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/northamerica/usa/11909023/Hurricane-Joaquin-cargo-ship-with-33-crew-on-board-missing-near-the-eye-of-the-storm.html (The Telegraph)] [http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/03/us-storm-joaquin-idUSKCN0RV3NW20151003 (Reuters)]Hurricane Joaquin attacked The Bahamas as a Category 4 hurricane and destroyed houses, cut communications and electric power, uprooted trees, and unleashed heavy flooding. So far, there are no reports of fatalities or injuries. The storm, which weakened to Category 3 status with 125 mph sustained winds, is expected to dump up to 25 inches (63.5 centimeters) of rain in some location before it moves away from the islands. [http://www.sacbee.com/news/nation-world/article37293927.html (AP via Sacramento Bee)] [http://news.yahoo.com/hurricane-joaquin-upgraded-category-four-us-forecasters-181105118.html (AFP via Yahoo News)]Joaquin is slowly moving on a east/northeast trek lowering the possibility of  a direct hit to the U.S. East Coast. However, unrelated storms have already drenched the eastern seaboard this week. Streets were underwater up and down the coast at this afternoon's high tide. Adding Joaquin's wind and rain could create deadly, unprecedented downpours, flooding, wind damage, and power outages. [http://www.wnd.com/2015/10/joaquin-shifting-eastward-but-stay-on-guard/ (WorldNetDaily)] [http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/10/03/us-storm-joaquin-idUSKCN0RV3NW20151003 (Reuters)] [http://www.pressherald.com/2015/10/02/east-coast-braces-for-more-heavy-rain-potential-for-hurricane/ (AP via Portland Press-Herald)].




### Related:

1. [Hurricane Joaquin becomes a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph. Some additional strengthening is possible tomorrow. The storm, moving at just 6 mph, is predicted to drop 10 to 15 inches of rain in the central Bahamas with up to five inches expected for the rest of the archipelago. ](/news/2015/10/1/hurricane-joaquin-becomes-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-some-additional-strengthening-is-possible-tomorrow.md) _Context: Category 4 hurricane, Hurricane Joaquin, the Bahamas_
2. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: Poland, United States_
3. [Russia deploys its S-400 missile system in Kaliningrad, an exclave between Poland and Lithuania, in response to "NATO expansion" near its borders. The United States criticizes the move as "destabilizing" to Europe. Russia announced the planned deployment over a decade ago. ](/news/2016/11/21/russia-deploys-its-s-400-missile-system-in-kaliningrad-an-exclave-between-poland-and-lithuania-in-response-to-nato-expansion-near-its-bo.md) _Context: Poland, United States_
4. [Following the death of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile and the shooting of white police officers in Dallas, Texas, The Bahamas issues a rare travel warning for its citizens traveling to the United States. ](/news/2016/07/9/following-the-death-of-alton-sterling-and-philando-castile-and-the-shooting-of-white-police-officers-in-dallas-texas-the-bahamas-issues-a.md) _Context: United States, the Bahamas_
5. [Foreign relations of the United States The United Arab Emirates and Bahrain issue a travel warning for their citizens heading to American cities where protests are occuring following ethnic tensions in the country. This comes after The Bahamas issued its own travel warning yesterday, after the shooting of Dallas police officers. ](/news/2016/07/10/foreign-relations-of-the-united-states-pthe-united-arab-emirates-and-bahrain-issue-a-travel-warning-for-their-citizens-heading-to-american-c.md) _Context: United States, the Bahamas_
6. [The leader of Poland's Democracy Defence Committee, Mateusz Kijowski, says the government has "broken the country" after Polish President, Andrzej Duda, enacted a measure curbing the powers of the country's  highest legislative court, the Constitutional Tribunal, despite protests and warnings from the European Union. Kijowski further called for foreign intervention in the country from "Europe and the United States" to topple the Law and Justice (PiS) government, saying "they must help us, otherwise Poland will leave the community of democracies". After news broke that Duda had signed into law the constitutional tribunal bill, he made a speech on television defending his move. Polish newspaper Gazeta Wyborcza quoted U.S. sources saying Barack Obama had objections and had let it be known he would delay meeting Duda. The newspaper also suggested Poland's hosting of the next NATO summit, planned for July 2016, was in the balance. ](/news/2015/12/28/the-leader-of-poland-s-democracy-defence-committee-mateusz-kijowski-says-the-government-has-broken-the-country-after-polish-president-a.md) _Context: Poland, United States_
7. [The United States National Transportation Safety Board announces it has completed its search of the sunken ''El Faro'', but did not find the voyage data recorder, i.e., the black box. ](/news/2015/11/16/the-united-states-national-transportation-safety-board-announces-it-has-completed-its-search-of-the-sunken-el-faro-but-did-not-find-the.md) _Context: Hurricane Joaquin, United States_
8. [The United States Navy sends a remotely operated underwater craft to investigate a wreck which they believe is the remains of the El Faro which disappeared on October 1 near the Bahamas during Hurricane Joaquin with 33 people on board. ](/news/2015/11/1/the-united-states-navy-sends-a-remotely-operated-underwater-craft-to-investigate-a-wreck-which-they-believe-is-the-remains-of-the-el-faro-wh.md) _Context: Hurricane Joaquin, the Bahamas_
9. [U.S. Coast Guard searchers, looking for the 790-foot El Faro cargo ship missing since Thursday, locate multiple objects, including life jackets, life rings, containers, and an oil sheen in the waters off The Bahamas. Connection to El Faro is not immediately confirmed. ](/news/2015/10/4/u-s-coast-guard-searchers-looking-for-the-790-foot-el-faro-cargo-ship-missing-since-thursday-locate-multiple-objects-including-life-jack.md) _Context: Hurricane Joaquin, the Bahamas_
10. [Poland and the United States sign a deal in Krakow allowing the United States to position an American anti-missile shield in Poland to defend Europe from the perceived threat of Iran and other countries: Russia objects. ](/news/2010/07/3/poland-and-the-united-states-sign-a-deal-in-kraka3w-allowing-the-united-states-to-position-an-american-anti-missile-shield-in-poland-to-defe.md) _Context: Poland, United States_
