### [2010-12-16](/news/2010/12/16/index.md)

# Governor of the U.S. state of New Mexico Bill Richardson arrives in Pyongyang for talks with North Korean officials concerning the situation on the Korean peninsula. 




### Source:

1. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english2010/world/2010-12/16/c_13652157.htm)

### Related:

1. [ Governor Bill Richardson signs House Bill 285, repealing capital punishment in New Mexico. ](/news/2009/03/18/governor-bill-richardson-signs-house-bill-285-repealing-capital-punishment-in-new-mexico.md) _Context: Bill Richardson, Governor, New Mexico_
2. [ New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson withdraws his nomination to be the next United States Secretary of Commerce because of an ongoing federal investigation into possible pay-to-play politics. ](/news/2009/01/4/new-mexico-governor-bill-richardson-withdraws-his-nomination-to-be-the-next-united-states-secretary-of-commerce-because-of-an-ongoing-feder.md) _Context: Bill Richardson, Governor, New Mexico_
3. [The United States Pacific Command deploys warships, including the USS ''Carl Vinson'', to move towards the Korean Peninsula following North Korea's recent tests with weapons of mass destruction and opposition to the Sharyat missile strike. North Korea is also reclassified as a state sponsor of terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/9/the-united-states-pacific-command-deploys-warships-including-the-uss-carl-vinson-to-move-towards-the-korean-peninsula-following-north.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea_
4. [Air China suspends all flights to North Korea's capital Pyongyang amid rising tensions between North Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/04/14/air-china-suspends-all-flights-to-north-korea-s-capital-pyongyang-amid-rising-tensions-between-north-korea-and-the-united-states.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
5. [North Korea announces its readiness to declare war on the United States after the country previously stated that they felt threatened as U.S. military forces approach the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2017/04/11/north-korea-announces-its-readiness-to-declare-war-on-the-united-states-after-the-country-previously-stated-that-they-felt-threatened-as-u-s.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, North Korea_
6. [  North Korea accuses South Korea of kidnapping its citizens and demands their immediate return after Seoul's Ministry of Unification said 13 of them had defected to South Korea from China, where they worked in a Pyongyang-operated restaurant. China says that the 13 people, a male manager and 12 young female employees, had legitimate passports and had freely exited China. ](/news/2016/04/12/north-korea-accuses-south-korea-of-kidnapping-its-citizens-and-demands-their-immediate-return-after-seoul-s-ministry-of-unification-said-1.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
7. [North Korea threatens a pre-emptive nuclear strike against South Korea and the United States in response to the two nations' annual joint military exercise which Pyongyang considers is a pretext for an invasion. ](/news/2016/03/6/north-korea-threatens-a-pre-emptive-nuclear-strike-against-south-korea-and-the-united-states-in-response-to-the-two-nations-annual-joint-mi.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
8. [The Philippines impounds a North Korean cargo ship in line with new UN sanctions on North Korea in response to Pyongyang's recent nuclear test and missile launch. Presidential spokesman, Manolo Quezon, said the 6,830-tonne cargo ship would not be allowed to leave the Port of Subic, Luzon, where it has been docked for three days, and that its crew would be deported. ](/news/2016/03/5/the-philippines-impounds-a-north-korean-cargo-ship-in-line-with-new-un-sanctions-on-north-korea-in-response-to-pyongyang-s-recent-nuclear-te.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
9. [North Korea's all-female Moranbong Band, which was formed by leader Kim Jong-un, surprisingly cancels tonight's concert at Beijing's National Centre for the Performing Arts, and two others and returns to Pyongyang. Rumors for the sudden change abound, but no reason has been given. The sudden cancellation could hurt Chinese-North Korean relations,  cooler since between Kim assumed power in 2011. ](/news/2015/12/12/north-korea-s-all-female-moranbong-band-which-was-formed-by-leader-kim-jong-un-surprisingly-cancels-tonight-s-concert-at-beijing-s-nationa.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
10. [North Korea holds a massive military parade in its capital, Pyongyang, to celebrate the 70th anniversary of Workers' Party of Korea rule in the country. Liu Yunshan, the highest-ranking Chinese official to visit North Korea in three years, attends the parade. ](/news/2015/10/10/north-korea-holds-a-massive-military-parade-in-its-capital-pyongyang-to-celebrate-the-70th-anniversary-of-workers-party-of-korea-rule-in.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
