### [2010-12-16](/news/2010/12/16/index.md)

# Malaysian opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim and three others are suspended from parliament for six months after allegedly suggesting a government unity policy was inspired by an Israeli initiative. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-pacific-12006491)
2. [Bernama](http://www.bernama.com/bernama/v5/newsgeneral.php?id=550501)
2. [Cover Image](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/special/2015/newsspec_10857/bbc_news_logo.png?cb=1)

### Related:

1. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Israel, Malaysia_
2. [Malaysian police arrest parliamentarian Nurul Izzah Anwar for alleged sedition. Izzah is the daughter of former Opposition Leader Anwar Ibrahim. ](/news/2015/03/16/malaysian-police-arrest-parliamentarian-nurul-izzah-anwar-for-alleged-sedition-izzah-is-the-daughter-of-former-opposition-leader-anwar-ibra.md) _Context: Anwar Ibrahim, Malaysia_
3. [Malaysian opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim is sentenced to 5 years in prison for sodomy after his 2012 acquittal is overturned. ](/news/2014/03/7/malaysian-opposition-leader-anwar-ibrahim-is-sentenced-to-5-years-in-prison-for-sodomy-after-his-2012-acquittal-is-overturned.md) _Context: Anwar Ibrahim, Malaysia_
4. [The High Court of Malaysia sets dates for the trial of Opposition Leader Anwar Ibrahim on sodomy charges from August 8 to 26. ](/news/2011/07/13/the-high-court-of-malaysia-sets-dates-for-the-trial-of-opposition-leader-anwar-ibrahim-on-sodomy-charges-from-august-8-to-26.md) _Context: Anwar Ibrahim, Malaysia_
5. [The sodomy trial of Malaysian opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim is delayed after the presiding judge Mohamad Zabidin Diah dismisses the defence's efforts to have him replaced. ](/news/2011/06/6/the-sodomy-trial-of-malaysian-opposition-leader-anwar-ibrahim-is-delayed-after-the-presiding-judge-mohamad-zabidin-diah-dismisses-the-defenc.md) _Context: Anwar Ibrahim, Malaysia_
6. [The High Court of Kuala Lumpur rules that Malaysian Opposition Leader Anwar Ibrahim has a case to answer on sodomy charges. ](/news/2011/05/16/the-high-court-of-kuala-lumpur-rules-that-malaysian-opposition-leader-anwar-ibrahim-has-a-case-to-answer-on-sodomy-charges.md) _Context: Anwar Ibrahim, Malaysia_
7. [Newly released cables from Australian intelligence show the intelligence assessment that charges of sodomy laid against Malaysian opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim are due to a "set up job" that he "walked into". Others refer to Malaysia as a "confused and dangerous" state, Thai politicians as corrupt and Crown Prince Maha Vajiralongkorn as "very erratic and easily subject to influence", and Japan as a "big fat loser". ](/news/2010/12/12/newly-released-cables-from-australian-intelligence-show-the-intelligence-assessment-that-charges-of-sodomy-laid-against-malaysian-opposition.md) _Context: Anwar Ibrahim, Malaysia_
8. [Malaysia considers suing Israel in the International Court of Justice over the blockade of the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2010/09/15/malaysia-considers-suing-israel-in-the-international-court-of-justice-over-the-blockade-of-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Israel, Malaysia_
9. [The trial of Malaysian opposition leader Anwar Ibrahim on sodomy charges is deferred until August 9. ](/news/2010/08/2/the-trial-of-malaysian-opposition-leader-anwar-ibrahim-on-sodomy-charges-is-deferred-until-august-9.md) _Context: Anwar Ibrahim, Malaysia_
10. [Anti-Israel protests take place outside the Israeli embassy in Dublin, Ireland, and outside the US embassy in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. ](/news/2010/06/4/anti-israel-protests-take-place-outside-the-israeli-embassy-in-dublin-ireland-and-outside-the-us-embassy-in-kuala-lumpur-malaysia.md) _Context: Israel, Malaysia_
