### [2010-12-16](/news/2010/12/16/index.md)

# The Scottish Government rules out re-introducing tuition fees for Scottish university students, but students from other parts of the United Kingdom attending university in Scotland may face fees of 6,000. 

Students from England, Wales and Northern Ireland who go to Scottish universities could face annual tuition fees of up to £6,000.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-scotland-12000741)

### Related:

1. [Vince Cable is acclaimed as Leader of the Liberal Democrats in the United Kingdom after running unopposed. ](/news/2017/07/20/vince-cable-is-acclaimed-as-leader-of-the-liberal-democrats-in-the-united-kingdom-after-running-unopposed.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
2. [The United Kingdom announces it is withdrawing from the 1964 London Fisheries Convention, which allows several European countries to fish within 6 to 12 nautical miles of each other's coastlines. ](/news/2017/07/2/the-united-kingdom-announces-it-is-withdrawing-from-the-1964-london-fisheries-convention-which-allows-several-european-countries-to-fish-wi.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
3. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
4. [The United Kingdom and Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation sponsor a summit that plans on raising funds for family planning in developing countries. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-united-kingdom-and-bill-melinda-gates-foundation-sponsor-a-summit-that-plans-on-raising-funds-for-family-planning-in-developing-countr.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
5. [The Trump Administration announces this year's presidential state visit to the United Kingdom is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting.  ](/news/2017/07/11/the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-is-delayed-until-at-least-2018-both-the-white.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
6. [Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-conservatives-battling-in-a-tight-race.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
7. [Protests mark the 20th anniversary of the transfer of sovereignty over Hong Kong to China from the United Kingdom alongside the arrival of Chinese President Xi Jinping. ](/news/2017/06/29/protests-mark-the-20th-anniversary-of-the-transfer-of-sovereignty-over-hong-kong-to-china-from-the-united-kingdom-alongside-the-arrival-of-c.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
8. [UK Prime Minister Theresa May announces that citizens of the European Union living in the United Kingdom will be able to acquire a "UK settled status" after the UK leaves the EU. ](/news/2017/06/22/uk-prime-minister-theresa-may-announces-that-citizens-of-the-european-union-living-in-the-united-kingdom-will-be-able-to-acquire-a-uk-settl.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
9. [Right-wing media personality Katie Hopkins is to leave LBC with "immediate effect" after Hopkins posted on Twitter calling for a so-called "final solution" to the United Kingdom's Islamic terrorism problem following the Manchester Arena bombing which left 22 people dead. ](/news/2017/05/26/right-wing-media-personality-katie-hopkins-is-to-leave-lbc-with-immediate-effect-after-hopkins-posted-on-twitter-calling-for-a-so-called.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
10. [The Office for National Statistics in the United Kingdom states that consumer prices in Britain rose by an annualized 2.7% in April, the highest level of inflation in almost four years. ](/news/2017/05/16/the-office-for-national-statistics-in-the-united-kingdom-states-that-consumer-prices-in-britain-rose-by-an-annualized-2-7-in-april-the-hig.md) _Context: United Kingdom_
