### [2010-12-16](/news/2010/12/16/index.md)

# The European Court of Human Rights rules that Ireland's ban on abortion in life-threatening cases is illegal. 




### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/health/story/2010/12/16/ireland-abortion016.html)
2. [CBS](http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2010/12/16/world/main7155572.shtmlhttp://feeds.cbsnews.com/~r/CBSNewsWorld/~3/ZZdEdOljcD8/main7155572.shtml)

### Related:

1. [ A legal challenge to Ireland's abortion laws takes place at the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg. ](/news/2009/12/9/a-legal-challenge-to-ireland-s-abortion-laws-takes-place-at-the-european-court-of-human-rights-in-strasbourg.md) _Context: European Court of Human Rights, Ireland_
2. [Abortion in Chile: Chilean lawmakers have approved a bill that would legalize abortion in limited circumstances and end the socially conservative country's status as the last in South America with a blanket ban on the procedure. ](/news/2017/08/3/abortion-in-chile-chilean-lawmakers-have-approved-a-bill-that-would-legalize-abortion-in-limited-circumstances-and-end-the-socially-conserv.md) _Context: abortion_
3. [Crimes in Ireland: A 3 year-old boy is stabbed to death in an incident in the Poddle Park area of Kimmage in Dublin, Ireland. The child's mother, believed to be an Iranian national, is being treated for knife wounds in hospital. ](/news/2017/07/10/crimes-in-ireland-a-3-year-old-boy-is-stabbed-to-death-in-an-incident-in-the-poddle-park-area-of-kimmage-in-dublin-ireland-the-child-s-mo.md) _Context: Ireland_
4. [Politics of the United Kingdom: After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/politics-of-the-united-kingdom-after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-an.md) _Context: abortion_
5. [LGBT rights in Russia: The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia's gay propaganda law encourages homophobia, reinforces prejudice and violates the right to freedom of speech. ](/news/2017/06/20/lgbt-rights-in-russia-the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-s-gay-propaganda-law-encourages-homophobia-reinforces-prejudice.md) _Context: European Court of Human Rights_
6. [Fine Gael leadership election, 2017: Leo Varadkar becomes the new party leader of Fine Gael, after winning 51 of 73 votes in the parliamentary party, and is expected to become Taoiseach (Prime Minister) of Ireland, which would make him the youngest and first openly gay man to be Taoiseach, as well as being the first of half-Indian descent. ](/news/2017/06/2/fine-gael-leadership-election-2017-leo-varadkar-becomes-the-new-party-leader-of-fine-gael-after-winning-51-of-73-votes-in-the-parliamenta.md) _Context: Ireland_
7. [Government of Ireland: Leo Varadkar becomes the first gay Taoiseach of the Republic of Ireland. ](/news/2017/06/14/government-of-ireland-leo-varadkar-becomes-the-first-gay-taoiseach-of-the-republic-of-ireland.md) _Context: Ireland_
8. [Brexit: European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/brexit-european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expa.md) _Context: Ireland_
9. [The European Court of Human Rights rules that Russia had failed to protect students and teachers during the 2004 Beslan school siege, which left 334 people dead, and orders the Russian Government to pay 2,955,000 euros to 409 relatives of the victims. The ruling was quickly denounced by Russia as "unacceptable". ](/news/2017/04/13/the-european-court-of-human-rights-rules-that-russia-had-failed-to-protect-students-and-teachers-during-the-2004-beslan-school-siege-which.md) _Context: European Court of Human Rights_
10. [Bon Secours Mother and Baby Home: A mass grave is discovered at a former Catholic orphanage in Tuam, Ireland, containing -significant quantities of human remains-, all of them children. It is alleged over 800 children died at this orphanage and most were buried in the 1950s. ](/news/2017/03/3/bon-secours-mother-and-baby-home-a-mass-grave-is-discovered-at-a-former-catholic-orphanage-in-tuam-ireland-containing-significant-quan.md) _Context: Ireland_
