### [2007-06-6](/news/2007/06/6/index.md)

#  HIV drug Viracept is recalled in the UK after it is discovered that it has been contaminated with a substance that could cause cancer. 




### Source:

1. [Sky](http://news.sky.com/skynews/article/0,,30000-1269375,00.html?f=dta)

### Related:

1. [ Researchers at the University of California, Los Angeles create a modified form of HIV which targets P-glycoproteins on cancer cells. ](/news/2005/02/14/researchers-at-the-university-of-california-los-angeles-create-a-modified-form-of-hiv-which-targets-p-glycoproteins-on-cancer-cells.md) _Context: HIV, cancer_
2. [Epidemiology of HIV/AIDS. A girl born with HIV, who was started on HIV drugs when she was 2 months old and stopped 40 weeks later, is virtually-free of the virus even after no further treatment. ](/news/2017/07/24/epidemiology-of-hiv-aids-a-girl-born-with-hiv-who-was-started-on-hiv-drugs-when-she-was-2-months-old-and-stopped-40-weeks-later-is-virtua.md) _Context: HIV_
3. [ A research team led by an evolutionary biologist at the University of Arizona publishes a paper in "Nature" on the genetic history of HIV proving that Gaetan Dugas, the Canadian flight attendant who had been identified for years as "Patient Zero" of the AIDS epidemic in the U.S., did not spread the virus to the country. The study indicates that HIV first spread to the U.S. from the Caribbean around 1970. ](/news/2016/10/26/a-research-team-led-by-an-evolutionary-biologist-at-the-university-of-arizona-publishes-a-paper-in-nature-on-the-genetic-history-of-hiv-p.md) _Context: HIV_
4. [U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron, at the upcoming Nuclear Security Summit in Washington, D.C., will announce a three-way deal with the United States and Euratom, the European Union nuclear agency, to turn nuclear waste into medical isotopes to help fight cancer. ](/news/2016/03/30/u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-at-the-upcoming-nuclear-security-summit-in-washington-d-c-will-announce-a-three-way-deal-with-the-unit.md) _Context: cancer_
5. [Global surveillance disclosures (2013-present). Edward Snowden. NSA documents show the US and UK spied on Israeli military drones and fighter jets. ](/news/2016/01/30/global-surveillance-disclosures-2013-present-edward-snowden-nsa-documents-show-the-us-and-uk-spied-on-israeli-military-drones-and-figh.md) _Context: UK_
6. [The U.S. Food and Drug Administration approves a new, all-in-one pill to treat HIV patients that includes a new version of the drug tenofovir, which researchers think will help reduce side effects from the multi-drug regimens used for HIV. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-u-s-food-and-drug-administration-approves-a-new-all-in-one-pill-to-treat-hiv-patients-that-includes-a-new-version-of-the-drug-tenofovi.md) _Context: HIV_
7. [American actor Charlie Sheen confirms he has HIV. ](/news/2015/11/17/american-actor-charlie-sheen-confirms-he-has-hiv.md) _Context: HIV_
8. [The World Health Organization reports tuberculosis has surpassed human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), as the leading cause of global death, despite the death rate from tuberculosis having been cut in half over the last 25 years. Most deaths from tuberculosis could be prevented, researchers said, but detection and treatment aren't happening fast enough. ](/news/2015/10/28/the-world-health-organization-reports-tuberculosis-has-surpassed-human-immunodeficiency-virus-hiv-as-the-leading-cause-of-global-death-d.md) _Context: HIV_
9. [The International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), the cancer agency of the World Health Organization (WHO), has evaluated the carcinogenicity of the consumption of red meat and processed meat. After thoroughly reviewing the accumulated scientific literature, a Working Group of 22 experts from 10 countries convened by the IARC Monographs Programme classified the consumption of red meat as probably carcinogenic to humans (Group 2A), based on limited evidence that the consumption of red meat causes cancer in humans and strong mechanistic evidence supporting a carcinogenic effect. This association was observed mainly for colorectal cancer, but associations were also seen for pancreatic cancer and prostate cancer. Processed meat was classified as carcinogenic to humans (Group 1), based on sufficient evidence in humans that the consumption of processed meat causes colorectal cancer. ](/news/2015/10/28/the-international-agency-for-research-on-cancer-iarc-the-cancer-agency-of-the-world-health-organization-who-has-evaluated-the-carcinog.md) _Context: cancer_
10. [Imprimis Pharmaceuticals Inc. announces it will begin selling $1 doses of the antimalarial drug used for HIV patients, pyrimethamine (generic name for Daraprim), whose price was recently raised to $750 per pill by Turing Pharmaceuticals following Martin Shkreli's purchase of its marketing rights this year. Imprimis also plans to start making inexpensive versions of other generic drugs whose prices have skyrocketed. ](/news/2015/10/23/imprimis-pharmaceuticals-inc-announces-it-will-begin-selling-1-doses-of-the-antimalarial-drug-used-for-hiv-patients-pyrimethamine-generi.md) _Context: HIV_
