### [2006-11-29](/news/2006/11/29/index.md)

#  Kofi Annan, the Secretary-General of the United Nations, expresses concern about a resumption of fighting in Sudan between the army and the Sudan People's Liberation Army. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/6158121.stm)

### Related:

1. [ United Nations barges carrying aid and their Sudanese People's Liberation Army escort are attacked by tribesmen on the Sobat River, Sudan. ](/news/2009/06/14/united-nations-barges-carrying-aid-and-their-sudanese-people-s-liberation-army-escort-are-attacked-by-tribesmen-on-the-sobat-river-sudan.md) _Context: Sudan, Sudan People's Liberation Army_
2. [ The SPLA attacks Sudanese government soldiers at Abyei, a disputed town at the border of South Sudan. ](/news/2008/05/20/the-spla-attacks-sudanese-government-soldiers-at-abyei-a-disputed-town-at-the-border-of-south-sudan.md) _Context: Sudan, Sudan People's Liberation Army_
3. [ Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-Moon arrives in Sudan to press for an end to violence in Darfur. ](/news/2007/09/3/secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-ban-ki-moon-arrives-in-sudan-to-press-for-an-end-to-violence-in-darfur.md) _Context: Secretary General, Sudan_
4. [ The Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon ;clams that the Sudanese government had broken a promise to allow a human rights mission into Darfur. ](/news/2007/02/15/the-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-ban-ki-moon-clams-that-the-sudanese-government-had-broken-a-promise-to-allow-a-human-rights-mi.md) _Context: Secretary General, Sudan_
5. [ President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad remarks that Israel should be moved to Europe and the "issue will be resolved." His remarks were widely condemned as Holocaust denial by Israeli, European and American politicians, The Secretary General of the United Nations, Kofi Annan, issued a statement indicating that he "was shocked", while Saudi, Turkish and Iranian officials criticized his speech because it undermined a Mecca summit dedicated to showing Islam's moderate face.](/news/2005/12/8/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-remarks-that-israel-should-be-moved-to-europe-and-the-issue-will-be-resolved-his-remarks-were-wide.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, Secretary General_
6. [ The UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan, makes a surprise visit to Iraq and expresses support for an Arab League conference discussing cooperation with Iraq's many factions. ](/news/2005/11/12/the-un-secretary-general-kofi-annan-makes-a-surprise-visit-to-iraq-and-expresses-support-for-an-arab-league-conference-discussing-cooperat.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, Secretary General_
7. [ A report by the Independent Inquiry Committee criticizes U.N. Secretary General Kofi Annan and the U.N. Security Council's role in the Oil-for-Food Programme. ](/news/2005/09/7/a-report-by-the-independent-inquiry-committee-criticizes-u-n-secretary-general-kofi-annan-and-the-u-n-security-council-s-role-in-the-oil.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, Secretary General_
8. [ In Sudan, leader of Sudan People's Liberation Army John Garang says that the northern government would have to say why the country should stay united. SPLM leadership is to ratify the peace deal with the Khartoum government later. ](/news/2005/01/24/in-sudan-leader-of-sudan-people-s-liberation-army-john-garang-says-that-the-northern-government-would-have-to-say-why-the-country-should-s.md) _Context: Sudan, Sudan People's Liberation Army_
9. [ A suicide attacker detonates a car bomb near United Nations headquarters in Baghdad, killing himself and an Iraqi guard and injuring at least 11 others. The attack came a month after a massive truck bomb devastated the complex and as the UN considers expanding its role in Iraq. UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan states that personnel are assessing the situation following the attack.](/news/2003/09/22/a-suicide-attacker-detonates-a-car-bomb-near-united-nations-headquarters-in-baghdad-killing-himself-and-an-iraqi-guard-and-injuring-at-lea.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, Secretary General_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Arab and Non-Aligned nations call on the United Nations Security Council to stop Israel carrying out its threat to expel the head of the Palestinian Authority, Yasser Arafat, from the West Bank. Elsewhere the European Union and Russia describe the Israeli proposal as a 'terrible mistake'. UN General Secretary Kofi Annan calls the Israel's proposed action "dangerous" and "unwise". The Irish Taoiseach, Bertie Ahern, who takes over as President of the European Council in January, tells journalists after a summit meeting with French President Jacques Chirac in Paris that he is "shocked" by the Israeli plan and said his government is "totally opposed" to the Israeli plan. The United States Ambassador to Israel meets the Israeli Defence Minister to outline American hostility to the plan.](/news/2003/09/12/israeli-palestinian-conflict-arab-and-non-aligned-nations-call-on-the-united-nations-security-council-to-stop-israel-carrying-out-its-thre.md) _Context: Kofi Annan, Secretary General_
