### [2006-11-29](/news/2006/11/29/index.md)

#  United States District Court judge Richard J. Leon orders the Bush administration to resume making payments to thousands of people who lost their homes as a result of Hurricane Katrina. 




### Source:

1. [AP via International Herald Tribune](http://www.iht.com/articles/ap/2006/11/29/america/NA_GEN_US_Katrina_Housing.php)

### Related:

1. [ United States District Court judge Stanwood Duval dismisses a class action suit against the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers over flooding from a levee breach in New Orleans, Louisiana after Hurricane Katrina. ](/news/2008/01/30/united-states-district-court-judge-stanwood-duval-dismisses-a-class-action-suit-against-the-u-s-army-corps-of-engineers-over-flooding-from.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina, U.S. federal court_
2. [A new class action lawsuit, filed on Tuesday in U.S. federal court in Illinois, claims the Volkswagen Group used emission defeat devices in at least six of its Audi V6 gasoline engines. ](/news/2016/11/13/a-new-class-action-lawsuit-filed-on-tuesday-in-u-s-federal-court-in-illinois-claims-the-volkswagen-group-used-emission-defeat-devices-in.md) _Context: U.S. federal court_
3. [A United States federal district judge rules unconstitutional a provision in an Alabama state law that requires doctors who perform abortions to have admitting privileges at a local hospital. A Florida law enacted today contains a comparable provision to Alabama's. The U.S. Supreme Court heard arguments a few weeks ago on the constitutionality of similar abortion restrictions in Texas. ](/news/2016/03/25/a-united-states-federal-district-judge-rules-unconstitutional-a-provision-in-an-alabama-state-law-that-requires-doctors-who-perform-abortion.md) _Context: U.S. federal court_
4. [Federal district court judge Richard Leon rules the National Security Agency's bulk collection of U.S. phone records is unconstitutional. This ruling has limited impact since it applies to only one case, and the NSA is scheduled to replace this protocol with a more targeted system the end of this month. ](/news/2015/11/9/federal-district-court-judge-richard-leon-rules-the-national-security-agencyas-bulk-collection-of-u-s-phone-records-is-unconstitutional.md) _Context: Richard Leon_
5. [U.S. District Judge William Pauley rules that the country's National Security Agency (NSA) acted lawfully, within the limits of the U.S. Constitution, when, after the September 11, 2001 attacks, it began an en masse bulk collection of metadata from American telephone records. The opinion, which throws out an ACLU lawsuit for now, is in contrast to Judge Richard Leon's earlier ruling in another district. ](/news/2013/12/27/u-s-district-judge-william-pauley-rules-that-the-country-s-national-security-agency-nsa-acted-lawfully-within-the-limits-of-the-u-s-con.md) _Context: Richard Leon_
6. [American judge Richard J. Leon of the United States District Court for the District of Columbia rules that the National Security Agency collecting domestic phone records was unconstitutional in "Klayman vs Obama". A stay has been placed on the ruling pending an appeal by the US Government. ](/news/2013/12/16/american-judge-richard-j-leon-of-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-district-of-columbia-rules-that-the-national-security-agency-coll.md) _Context: Richard Leon_
7. [Hurricane Isaac arrives in the US city of New Orleans on the seventh anniversary of Hurricane Katrina hitting the city. Damage is limited. ](/news/2012/08/29/hurricane-isaac-arrives-in-the-us-city-of-new-orleans-on-the-seventh-anniversary-of-hurricane-katrina-hitting-the-city-damage-is-limited.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina_
8. [Former New Orleans Police Department officers are sentenced to decades in jail for shooting civilians after Hurricane Katrina, and a subsequent coverup. ](/news/2012/04/4/former-new-orleans-police-department-officers-are-sentenced-to-decades-in-jail-for-shooting-civilians-after-hurricane-katrina-and-a-subsequ.md) _Context: Hurricane Katrina_
9. [United States District Court judge Tanya Walton Pratt halts enforcement of an Indiana state law cutting funding for Planned Parenthood and other organisations that provide abortions. ](/news/2011/06/24/united-states-district-court-judge-tanya-walton-pratt-halts-enforcement-of-an-indiana-state-law-cutting-funding-for-planned-parenthood-and-o.md) _Context: U.S. federal court_
10. [A United States district court approves a $624 million payout to former investors in Countrywide Financial. ](/news/2011/02/25/a-united-states-district-court-approves-a-624-million-payout-to-former-investors-in-countrywide-financial.md) _Context: U.S. federal court_
