### [2015-03-19](/news/2015/03/19/index.md)

# Moldovan authorities ban two Russian journalists, Dmitry Kiselev and Andrei Kondrashov, from the country for five years because they had planned to travel to Moldova to present a documentary sympathetic to Russia annexing the Crimea. 

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/moldova-bans-russian-journalists-crimea-documentary-29749904)

### Related:

1. [Eurovision Song Contest 2017: Russia-Ukraine relations: The Security Service of Ukraine bans Yuliya Samoylova, Russia's entrant in this year's Eurovision Song Contest, from entering the country. This follows allegations that she had toured in Crimea following its annexation by Russia. ](/news/2017/03/22/eurovision-song-contest-2017-russia-ukraine-relations-the-security-service-of-ukraine-bans-yuliya-samoylova-russia-s-entrant-in-this-ye.md) _Context: Crimea_
2. [War in Donbass: Russia-Ukraine relations: Ukraine sues Russia at the International Court of Justice, accusing the latter of being engaged in acts of "terrorism" and "discrimination" in eastern Ukraine and Crimea. ](/news/2017/01/16/war-in-donbass-russia-ukraine-relations-ukraine-sues-russia-at-the-international-court-of-justice-accusing-the-latter-of-being-engaged.md) _Context: Crimea_
3. [Ukrainian crisis: Russian military intervention in Ukraine (2014-present): Ukraine starts a missile test near Crimea, annexed by Russia in 2014, while Russia puts its air-defense and naval forces in the region on high alert. ](/news/2016/12/1/ukrainian-crisis-russian-military-intervention-in-ukraine-2014-present-ukraine-starts-a-missile-test-near-crimea-annexed-by-russia-in.md) _Context: Crimea_
4. [Moldovan presidential election, 2016: Voters in Moldova head to the polls in the country's presidential runoff between two opposition candidates, Igor Dodon, from the pro-Russian socialist PSRM, and Maia Sandu, from the pro-EU liberal PAS, with Dodon expected to win. Preliminary results, in this first Moldovan election where the president is chosen by national votes rather than by parliament, will be announced Monday. ](/news/2016/11/13/moldovan-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-moldova-head-to-the-polls-in-the-country-s-presidential-runoff-between-two-opposition-candid.md) _Context: Moldova_
5. [Moldovan presidential election, 2016: Voters in Moldova go to the polls for a presidential election. A run off election will be held on November 13 between Igor Dodon and Maia Sandu after no candidate achieved a majority of votes. ](/news/2016/10/30/moldovan-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-moldova-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-a-run-off-election-will-be-held-on-nove.md) _Context: Moldova_
6. [List of individuals sanctioned during the Ukrainian crisis: The European Union extends the asset freeze and travel ban against 146 persons and 37 entities, including close associates of Russian President Vladimir Putin, by six months until 15 March 2017 for the annexation of Crimea from Ukraine. ](/news/2016/09/15/list-of-individuals-sanctioned-during-the-ukrainian-crisis-the-european-union-extends-the-asset-freeze-and-travel-ban-against-146-persons-a.md) _Context: Crimea_
7. [Ukrainian crisis: Russia's Federal Security Service (FSB) says it has thwarted two armed Ukrainian incursions into Crimea with at least two killed, including one FSB officer, following a "massive fire fight" with "sabotage-terrorist" groups. Ukraine denies the Russian claims. ](/news/2016/08/10/ukrainian-crisis-russia-s-federal-security-service-fsb-says-it-has-thwarted-two-armed-ukrainian-incursions-into-crimea-with-at-least-two.md) _Context: Crimea_
8. [Ukrainian crisis: Russia-Ukraine relations: Russia is to deploy its advanced long range S-400 surface-to-air missile system to Feodosia in the Crimean Peninsula next month for the first time. ](/news/2016/07/15/ukrainian-crisis-russia-ukraine-relations-russia-is-to-deploy-its-advanced-long-range-s-400-surface-to-air-missile-system-to-feodosia-in.md) _Context: Crimea_
9. [A Romanian medical helicopter crashes near Cahul, Moldova, killing four people. ](/news/2016/06/2/a-romanian-medical-helicopter-crashes-near-cahul-moldova-killing-four-people.md) _Context: Moldova_
10. [Moldova-United States relations: About 200 U.S. troops arrive in Moldova from Romania for planned military exercises with the Moldovan military which will last until May 20. ](/news/2016/05/2/moldova-united-states-relations-about-200-u-s-troops-arrive-in-moldova-from-romania-for-planned-military-exercises-with-the-moldovan-mil.md) _Context: Moldova_
