### [2016-06-10](/news/2016/06/10/index.md)

# Israel-Palestine relations: Israel temporarily bans all Palestinians from entering its territory until Sunday following the June 2016 Tel Aviv shooting. 

Israel on Friday temporarily barred Palestinians from entering the country, a step criticised by the UN but which officials said was a response to this week&#x27;s deadly Tel Aviv shooting. Thousands of Palestinians from the occupied West Bank, however, were allowed to attend weekly Muslim prayers at


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo! News](https://www.yahoo.com/news/israel-bars-palestinians-tel-aviv-attack-army-054221645.html)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present): Israel suspends 83,000 entry permits for Palestinians for Ramadan following a mass shooting in downtown Tel Aviv that killed four and injured 17 people. ](/news/2016/06/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-present-israel-suspends-83-000-entry-permits-for-palestinians-for-ramadan-following-a-mass-shooting.md) _Context: Israel, June 2016 Tel Aviv shooting, Palestinian_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present): June 2016 Tel Aviv shooting: Two Palestinian gunmen open fire in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv killing at least four people and injuring at least 18 others. The two gunmen are arrested. ](/news/2016/06/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-present-june-2016-tel-aviv-shooting-two-palestinian-gunmen-open-fire-in-the-israeli-city-of-tel-av.md) _Context: Israel, June 2016 Tel Aviv shooting, Palestinian_
3. [An Israeli soldier is killed during a car ramming attack near Ofra, in the West Bank. Another Israeli soldier was injured. A Palestinian suspected of committing the attack is taken into custody. ](/news/2017/04/6/an-israeli-soldier-is-killed-during-a-car-ramming-attack-near-ofra-in-the-west-bank-another-israeli-soldier-was-injured-a-palestinian-sus.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
4. [ 2017 Jerusalem Light Rail stabbing: A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/2017-jerusalem-light-rail-stabbing-a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-tw.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
5. [Israel-Palestine relations: The Palestinian National Authority threatens to revoke its recognition of Israel (guaranteed by their signing of the Oslo I Accord in 1993) if the United States, under the presidency of Donald Trump, moves its Embassy in Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/01/10/israel-palestine-relations-the-palestinian-national-authority-threatens-to-revoke-its-recognition-of-israel-guaranteed-by-their-signing.md) _Context: Israel, Israel-Palestine relations_
6. [Israel-Palestine relations: Israel announces plans for construction of a three-story residential building for Jewish settlers in a Palestinian neighborhood of East Jerusalem. ](/news/2016/06/15/israel-palestine-relations-israel-announces-plans-for-construction-of-a-three-story-residential-building-for-jewish-settlers-in-a-palesti.md) _Context: Israel, Israel-Palestine relations_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present): Israeli security forces arrest 16 Palestinian suspects on the West Bank. ](/news/2016/03/31/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-present-israeli-security-forces-arrest-16-palestinian-suspects-on-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
8. [Israel-Palestine relations: The Palestinian Ministry of Foreign Affairs says Israel prevented Indonesian Foreign Minister Retno Marsudi from entering the West Bank to meet with Palestinian officials. The Israeli spokesman would not comment. Israel and Indonesia do not have formal diplomatic relations. ](/news/2016/03/13/israel-palestine-relations-the-palestinian-ministry-of-foreign-affairs-says-israel-prevented-indonesian-foreign-minister-retno-marsudi-fr.md) _Context: Israel, Israel-Palestine relations_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel destroys the homes of three Palestinian terrorists. Rassen and Udai abu-Jamal who committed the 2014 Jerusalem synagogue attack and Moatez Hijazi who committed the excavator rampage in Jerusalem during the 2014 Israel-Gaza conflict. ](/news/2015/10/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-destroys-the-homes-of-three-palestinian-terrorists-rassen-and-udai-abu-jamal-who-committed-the-2014.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian militants fire 3 rockets into Israel during the night after several violent riots throughout Israel and the West Bank. ](/news/2015/10/10/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-militants-fire-3-rockets-into-israel-during-the-night-after-several-violent-riots-throughout-isr.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
