### [2016-06-10](/news/2016/06/10/index.md)

# Russia's Foreign Ministry warns of "retaliatory measures" over the entry of the United States Navy destroyer, USS "Porter". The USS "Porter" arrived in the Black Sea port of Varna, Bulgaria, earlier this week for what the U.S. Navy called a routine deployment. 

Moscow objects to beefed-up U.S. presence on the eve of a NATO summit in Poland.


### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2016/06/10/russia-vows-response-us-naval-ships-entry-into-black-sea/85686822/)
1. [Cover Image](https://www.gannett-cdn.com/GDContent/applogos/usatoday.png)

### Related:

1. [A Russian Sukhoi Su-27 fighter jet makes an "unsafe close-range intercept" of a United States Navy P-8A Poseidon over the Black Sea in international airspace, coming within 10 feet (3.3 m) of the U.S. aircraft. ](/news/2016/09/7/a-russian-sukhoi-su-27-fighter-jet-makes-an-unsafe-close-range-intercept-of-a-united-states-navy-p-8a-poseidon-over-the-black-sea-in-inter.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-United States relations, United States Navy_
2. [The United States State Department orders Russia to close the Consulate-General in San Francisco and two other buildings by September 2, 2017, invoking "parity" over a Russian measure in July. ](/news/2017/08/31/the-united-states-state-department-orders-russia-to-close-the-consulate-general-in-san-francisco-and-two-other-buildings-by-september-2-201.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-United States relations_
3. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-United States relations_
4. [The United States expels 35 Russian diplomats over the alleged Russian interference during the U.S.'s 2016 presidential election. ](/news/2016/12/29/the-united-states-expels-35-russian-diplomats-over-the-alleged-russian-interference-during-the-u-s-s-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-United States relations_
5. [The Obama administration formally accuses the Russian government of cyber attacks against the U.S. Democratic Party in influencing presidential election. ](/news/2016/10/7/the-obama-administration-formally-accuses-the-russian-government-of-cyber-attacks-against-the-u-s-democratic-party-in-influencing-president.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-United States relations_
6. [The Obama administration through the U.S. State Department announces the suspension of bilateral talks with Russia about the cessation of hostilities in Syria, as Russia and the Syrian government continue to pursue a military course despite the ceasefire accord. ](/news/2016/10/3/the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-state-department-announces-the-suspension-of-bilateral-talks-with-russia-about-the-cessation-of-ho.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-United States relations_
7. [The U.S. Obama administration and the Russian Putin administration agree to a Syrian peace deal. The deal is intended to end combat in specified areas and create a joint center of combat to fight ISIL and Al-Nusra Front. ](/news/2016/09/10/the-u-s-obama-administration-and-the-russian-putin-administration-agree-to-a-syrian-peace-deal-the-deal-is-intended-to-end-combat-in-speci.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-United States relations_
8. [United States Chief of Naval Operations Admiral John M. Richardson says Russian jets in the Baltics buzzing a U.S. military ship and planes are escalating tension between the two nations. Richardson added he doesn't think the Russians are trying to provoke an incident but these actions increase the chance of a "tactical miscalculation." ](/news/2016/05/2/united-states-chief-of-naval-operations-admiral-john-m-richardson-says-russian-jets-in-the-baltics-buzzing-a-u-s-military-ship-and-planes.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-United States relations_
9. [Russia says it intercepted a U.S. Air Force plane approaching its border over the Baltic Sea on Friday because the aircraft had turned off its transponder which is needed for identification. The Pentagon says the U.S. RC-135 was flying a routine route in international airspace when the Russian SU-27 fighter intercepted it in an "unsafe and unprofessional" way. ](/news/2016/04/30/russia-says-it-intercepted-a-u-s-air-force-plane-approaching-its-border-over-the-baltic-sea-on-friday-because-the-aircraft-had-turned-off-i.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-United States relations_
10. [President of Russia Vladimir Putin accuses the United States of reneging on a 16-year-old deal that called for reducing Russia's and the United States' stockpiles of weapons-grade plutonium. He accused Washington of trying to preserve its ability to turn some of its plutonium stockpile back into a form usable for nuclear weapons. ](/news/2016/04/23/president-of-russia-vladimir-putin-accuses-the-united-states-of-reneging-on-a-16-year-old-deal-that-called-for-reducing-russia-s-and-the-uni.md) _Context: Russia, Russia-United States relations_
