### [2016-06-10](/news/2016/06/10/index.md)

# The United States Geological Survey (USGS) reports a magnitude 5.1 earthquake strikes near Borrego Springs, Southern California. The Los Angeles County Fire Department and Riverside County Sheriff's Department say they have received no reports of serious damage. 

The epicenter was around 13 miles north of Borrego Springs, which has a population of around 3,500.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/southern-california-earthquake-felt-los-angeles-san-diego-n589476)

### Related:

1. [The United States Geological Survey (USGS) reports a 7.7 magnitude earthquake has struck off the Northern Mariana Islands in the Pacific Ocean. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center says there is no tsunami threat because the quake was very deep in the earth. ](/news/2016/07/29/the-united-states-geological-survey-usgs-reports-a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-has-struck-off-the-northern-mariana-islands-in-the-pacific-oce.md) _Context: United States Geological Survey, earthquake_
2. [The United States Geological Survey (USGS) reports a magnitude 5.9 earthquake strikes the southern part of the Northern Territory in central Australia. No damage or injuries are reported. ](/news/2016/05/20/the-united-states-geological-survey-usgs-reports-a-magnitude-5-9-earthquake-strikes-the-southern-part-of-the-northern-territory-in-central.md) _Context: United States Geological Survey, earthquake_
3. [The U.S. Geological Survey reports a magnitude 5.8 earthquake strikes Christchurch in New Zealand. The St. John ambulance service says that several people suffered minor injuries from falls as they ran from the quake but there were no immediate reports of serious damage. ](/news/2016/02/14/the-u-s-geological-survey-reports-a-magnitude-5-8-earthquake-strikes-christchurch-in-new-zealand-the-st-john-ambulance-service-says-that.md) _Context: United States Geological Survey, earthquake_
4. [The U.S. Geological Survey reports a magnitude 5.1 earthquake strike in Oklahoma, the state's third strongest quake, northwest of Oklahoma City. No damage or injuries are reported. Oklahoma has recently experienced a surge in seismic activity, leading to calls for the governor to make changes to oil- and gas-drilling regulations. ](/news/2016/02/13/the-u-s-geological-survey-reports-a-magnitude-5-1-earthquake-strike-in-oklahoma-the-state-s-third-strongest-quake-northwest-of-oklahoma-c.md) _Context: United States Geological Survey, earthquake_
5. [ A powerful, magnitude 7.2 earthquake has shaken Tajikistan. It was felt as far away as India, Pakistan, and Afghanistan. No damage or casualties have been reported as the epicenter lies within the vast Badakhshan national park. The US Geological Survey describes the area as one of the "most seismically hazardous regions on Earth" because of tectonic activity along shifting fault lines. ](/news/2015/12/7/a-powerful-magnitude-7-2-earthquake-has-shaken-tajikistan-it-was-felt-as-far-away-as-india-pakistan-and-afghanistan-no-damage-or-casua.md) _Context: United States Geological Survey, earthquake_
6. [The U.S. Geological Survey reports a magnitude 6.7 earthquake struck off the southwest coast of Japan. The quake occurred 119 miles (191 km) west-southwest of Kagoshima. The Pacific Tsunami Center reported no major tsunami threat. A small tsunami, 30 centimeters (11.8 inches), was observed on the southern island of Nakanoshima. No reports of major damage or injuries. ](/news/2015/11/14/the-u-s-geological-survey-reports-a-magnitude-6-7-earthquake-struck-off-the-southwest-coast-of-japan-the-quake-occurred-119-miles-191-km.md) _Context: United States Geological Survey, earthquake_
7. [Three minor earthquakes strike Southern California, United States. ](/news/2013/03/11/three-minor-earthquakes-strike-southern-california-united-states.md) _Context: Southern California, earthquake_
8. [Several hundred earthquakes hit Southern California, with the largest one measuring 5.5 on the Richter magnitude scale near San Diego. ](/news/2012/08/26/several-hundred-earthquakes-hit-southern-california-with-the-largest-one-measuring-5-5-on-the-richter-magnitude-scale-near-san-diego.md) _Context: Southern California, earthquake_
9. [ A magnitude 5.1 earthquake hits Southern California. No injuries or major damage have been reported. ](/news/2005/04/16/a-magnitude-5-1-earthquake-hits-southern-california-no-injuries-or-major-damage-have-been-reported.md) _Context: Southern California, earthquake_
10. [A 6.3 magnitude earthquake is detected near the Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site in Kilju County, North Korea, after North Korea tests its sixth and most powerful nuclear weapon to date. North Korean state media claims the country tested a hydrogen bomb that can be fitted on an ICBM. ](/news/2017/09/3/a-6-3-magnitude-earthquake-is-detected-near-the-punggye-ri-nuclear-test-site-in-kilju-county-north-korea-after-north-korea-tests-its-sixth.md) _Context: earthquake_
