### [2016-06-10](/news/2016/06/10/index.md)

# The U.S. Department of Commerce approves service by six commercial airlines from five U.S. cities, including Miami and Philadelphia, to nine international airports in Cuba. Approval for routes to the capital Havana are still pending. Most of the carriers plan to begin their new service this fall and winter.  

Flights from Miami and Fort Lauderdale figure heavily in new commercial service. American Airlines has been approved for 8 daily flights from MIA, while JetBlue, Southwest and Silver Airways get authority for routes from Fort Lauderdale.


### Source:

1. [Miami Herald](http://www.miamiherald.com/news/nation-world/world/americas/cuba/article83024922.html)

### Related:

1. [The first cruise ship in more than a half-century bound for Havana from the United States leaves Miami, Florida, at about 4:24 p.m. EDT. Carnival Cruise Line's 704-passenger Adonia was able to set sail for the  northern Caribbean country after  Cuba,  April 22, loosened its policy banning Cuban-born people from traveling to the country by sea. ](/news/2016/05/1/the-first-cruise-ship-in-more-than-a-half-century-bound-for-havana-from-the-united-states-leaves-miami-florida-at-about-4-24-p-m-edt-car.md) _Context: Cuba, Havana, Miami_
2. [U.S. President Barack Obama and the First Family begin their three-day visit to Havana, Cuba, to mark the end of 54 years of tensions in Cuba-United States relations. Obama is the first sitting U.S. president to visit the country since Calvin Coolidge in 1928. ](/news/2016/03/20/u-s-president-barack-obama-and-the-first-family-begin-their-three-day-visit-to-havana-cuba-to-mark-the-end-of-54-years-of-tensions-in-cub.md) _Context: Cuba, Cuba–United States relations, Havana_
3. [The United States and Cuba sign an agreement restoring commercial air traffic between the two countries for the first time in 50 years. The U.S. Department of Transportation immediately opened bidding for as many as 110 U.S.-Cuba flights per day to Havana and nine other destinations. Travel from the U.S. is permitted in   12 authorized categories, which does not include tourism. ](/news/2016/02/16/the-united-states-and-cuba-sign-an-agreement-restoring-commercial-air-traffic-between-the-two-countries-for-the-first-time-in-50-years-the.md) _Context: Cuba, Cuba–United States relations, Havana_
4. [Government officials from Cuba and the U.S. met in Havana, beginning settlement discussions surrounding $1.9 billion worth of U.S. assets seized by Fidel Castro's regime in the early 1960s.  By law, the United States embargo against Cuba cannot cease until settlements are made. ](/news/2015/12/9/government-officials-from-cuba-and-the-u-s-met-in-havana-beginning-settlement-discussions-surrounding-1-9-billion-worth-of-u-s-assets-se.md) _Context: Cuba, Cuba–United States relations, Havana_
5. [U.S. and Cuban officials sign an environmental accord in Havana, the first such agreement since the countries renewed diplomatic relations this summer. ](/news/2015/11/18/u-s-and-cuban-officials-sign-an-environmental-accord-in-havana-the-first-such-agreement-since-the-countries-renewed-diplomatic-relations-t.md) _Context: Cuba, Cuba–United States relations, Havana_
6. [The United States departments of Commerce and Treasury announce removal of a series of restrictions on Americans traveling to and doing business with Cuba effective September 21, 2015. The U.S. economic embargo, itself, remains in place until Congress acts. ](/news/2015/09/18/the-united-states-departments-of-commerce-and-treasury-announce-removal-of-a-series-of-restrictions-on-americans-traveling-to-and-doing-busi.md) _Context: Cuba, Cuba–United States relations, U.S. Commerce Department_
7. [The United States and Cuba re-establish diplomatic relations after severing them 55 years ago. An American embassy will open in Havana and talks to lift the embargo will begin. ](/news/2014/12/17/the-united-states-and-cuba-re-establish-diplomatic-relations-after-severing-them-55-years-ago-an-american-embassy-will-open-in-havana-and-t.md) _Context: Cuba, Cuba–United States relations, Havana_
8. [President Barack Obama issues an executive order on Cuba lifting monetary limits on the amount of Cuban products, including cigars and rum, which Americans can bring back for personal use, allowing Cubans and Americans to engage in joint medical research, and allowing Cubans to buy certain U.S. consumer goods online. ](/news/2016/10/14/president-barack-obama-issues-an-executive-order-on-cuba-lifting-monetary-limits-on-the-amount-of-cuban-products-including-cigars-and-rum.md) _Context: Cuba, Cuba–United States relations_
9. [The first commercial flight from the United States to Cuba since 1961 takes place as ''JetBlue Flight 387'' lands in Santa Clara, Villa Clara province, after a 51-minute flight from Fort Lauderdale, Florida. ''JetBlue Flight 387'' had 150 passengers, including United States Secretary of Transportation Anthony Foxx. ](/news/2016/08/31/the-first-commercial-flight-from-the-united-states-to-cuba-since-1961-takes-place-as-jetblue-flight-387-lands-in-santa-clara-villa-clar.md) _Context: Cuba, Cuba–United States relations_
10. [The United States tentatively approves eight, of 12 that applied, airlines for flights from 10 U.S. cities to Havana as early as this fall: Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, Delta Air Lines, Frontier Airlines, JetBlue Airways, Southwest Airlines, Spirit Airlines, and United Airlines. Last month, flights were approved from five U.S. cities to nine other international airports. ](/news/2016/07/7/the-united-states-tentatively-approves-eight-of-12-that-applied-airlines-for-flights-from-10-u-s-cities-to-havana-as-early-as-this-fall.md) _Context: Cuba–United States relations, Havana_
