### [2004-01-27](/news/2004/01/27/index.md)

#  Academy Awards: nominations announced, leading films are "The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King" (11), "Master and Commander" (10), "Seabiscuit" (7), "Mystic River" (6), and "Cold Mountain" (6). Keisha Castle-Hughes, at 13, becomes the youngest nominee ever for the Academy Award for Best Actress




### Related:

1. [ 76th Academy Awards: "The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King" wins Best Picture and Director awards and nine others for a total of 11 Academy Awards, a tie for the most ever won by a single film, and the largest sweep ever for a single film, having received 11 nominations. Acting honors were as follows: Best Actor: Sean Penn for "Mystic River", Best Actress: Charlize Theron for "Monster", Best Supporting Actor: Tim Robbins for "Mystic River", Best Supporting Actress: Renee Zellweger for "Cold Mountain". ](/news/2004/02/29/76th-academy-awards-the-lord-of-the-rings-the-return-of-the-king-wins-best-picture-and-director-awards-and-nine-others-for-a-total-of-1.md) _Context: Academy Award, Academy Awards, Cold Mountain, Mystic River, The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King_
2. [Nominations for the 2017 Academy Awards are announced, with "La La Land", "Moonlight" and "Hidden Figures" among the favorites. ](/news/2017/01/24/nominations-for-the-2017-academy-awards-are-announced-with-la-la-land-moonlight-and-hidden-figures-among-the-favorites.md) _Context: Academy Awards_
3. [British-American Academy Award-winning film actress Olivia de Havilland, one of the last leading movie stars of the Golden Age of Hollywood, celebrates her 100th birthday. ](/news/2016/07/1/britishaamerican-academy-awardawinning-film-actress-olivia-de-havilland-one-of-the-last-leading-movie-stars-of-the-golden-age-of-hollyw.md) _Context: Academy Award_
4. [Luise Rainer, German-born American actress ("The Great Ziegfeld", "The Good Earth"), Academy Award winner (1936, 1937), dies of pneumonia at the age of 104. ](/news/2014/12/30/luise-rainer-german-born-american-actress-the-great-ziegfeld-the-good-earth-academy-award-winner-1936-1937-dies-of-pneumonia-at.md) _Context: Academy Award_
5. [Greek-Cypriot filmmaker Michael Cacoyannis who was nominated for five Academy Awards for his films including "Zorba the Greek" dies in Athens aged 89. ](/news/2011/07/25/greek-cypriot-filmmaker-michael-cacoyannis-who-was-nominated-for-five-academy-awards-for-his-films-including-zorba-the-greek-dies-in-athen.md) _Context: Academy Awards_
6. [James Cameron's film "Avatar" is expected to become the second-highest grossing movie of all time, just passing "The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King". ](/news/2010/01/7/james-cameron-s-film-avatar-is-expected-to-become-the-second-highest-grossing-movie-of-all-time-just-passing-the-lord-of-the-rings-the.md) _Context: The Lord of the Rings: The Return of the King_
7. [ "Slumdog Millionaire" wins eight Academy Awards, including Best Picture and Director for Danny Boyle. Sean Penn wins Best Actor for "Milk" and Kate Winslet wins Best Actress for "The Reader". ](/news/2009/02/22/slumdog-millionaire-wins-eight-academy-awards-including-best-picture-and-director-for-danny-boyle-sean-penn-wins-best-actor-for-milk.md) _Context: Academy Award_
8. [ Marion Cotillard wins the Academy Award for Best Actress for her portrayal of dith Piaf in "La Vie en rose", while Daniel Day-Lewis takes home the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role in "There Will Be Blood". ](/news/2008/02/24/marion-cotillard-wins-the-academy-award-for-best-actress-for-her-portrayal-of-edith-piaf-in-la-vie-en-rose-while-daniel-day-lewis-takes.md) _Context: Academy Award_
9. [ 79th Academy Awards: "The Departed" wins four Academy Awards including Best Picture and Best Director for Martin Scorsese. Helen Mirren wins the Academy Award for Best Actress for her role as Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom in "The Queen". Forest Whitaker won the Academy Award for Best Actor for playing Idi Amin in "The Last King of Scotland". Alan Arkin won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in "Little Miss Sunshine" with Jennifer Hudson winning the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role in "Dreamgirls". ](/news/2007/02/25/79th-academy-awards-the-departed-wins-four-academy-awards-including-best-picture-and-best-director-for-martin-scorsese-helen-mirren-win.md) _Context: Academy Award_
10. [ 78th Academy Awards: "Crash" wins Best Picture, Ang Lee ("Brokeback Mountain") wins Best Director, Reese Witherspoon ("Walk the Line") wins Best Actress, and Philip Seymour Hoffman ("Capote") wins Best Actor. ](/news/2006/03/5/78th-academy-awards-crash-wins-best-picture-ang-lee-brokeback-mountain-wins-best-director-reese-witherspoon-walk-the-line-wins.md) _Context: Academy Award_
