### [2004-01-27](/news/2004/01/27/index.md)

#  The People's Republic of China announces an outbreak of the deadly H5N1 strain of avian influenza in the autonomous region of Guangxi, becoming the 10th country in Asia to do so. There are suspected cases in Hunan and Hubei provinces.




### Related:

1. [ Flooding in the southern Chinese provinces of Guangdong, Guangxi, Guizhou, Hunan, Fujian, and Jiangxi damage agricultural land and crops, kill 66 people, and force 600,000 people from their homes. ](/news/2007/06/11/flooding-in-the-southern-chinese-provinces-of-guangdong-guangxi-guizhou-hunan-fujian-and-jiangxi-damage-agricultural-land-and-crops-k.md) _Context: Guangxi Zhuang, Hunan_
2. [At least 18 people die and two more are injured in a bus accident in Hubei, China. ](/news/2016/12/2/at-least-18-people-die-and-two-more-are-injured-in-a-bus-accident-in-hubei-china.md) _Context: Hubei_
3. [Avian flu virus H5N8 outbreaks are reported in birds in India, Germany, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands, and several other European nations. The World Health Organization advised on 17 November that human infection is possible, but unlikely, based on information available. ](/news/2016/11/26/avian-flu-virus-h5n8-outbreaks-are-reported-in-birds-in-india-germany-finland-ireland-the-netherlands-and-several-other-european-nation.md) _Context: Avian flu virus_
4. [A stone quarry collapses in Hubei province, China, leaving five people missing. ](/news/2016/10/3/a-stone-quarry-collapses-in-hubei-province-china-leaving-five-people-missing.md) _Context: Hubei_
5. [Wu Yingjie becomes the Communist Party Secretary of the Tibet Autonomous Region, replacing Chen Quanguo, who will assume another post.Chen Hao becomes Communist Party Secretary of Yunnan, replacing Li Jiheng, who will assume another post.Du Jiahao becomes Communist Party Secretary of Hunan, replacing Xu Shousheng. ](/news/2016/08/28/wu-yingjie-becomes-the-communist-party-secretary-of-the-tibet-autonomous-region-replacing-chen-quanguo-who-will-assume-another-post-chen-h.md) _Context: Hunan_
6. [At least 21 people are killed and five are injured following an explosion at a power plant in the city of Dangyang, Hubei province in central China. The blast occurred around 3:20 p.m. local time, when a high-pressure steam pipe exploded, according to China's official Xinhua News Agency. ](/news/2016/08/11/at-least-21-people-are-killed-and-five-are-injured-following-an-explosion-at-a-power-plant-in-the-city-of-dangyang-hubei-province-in-centra.md) _Context: Hubei_
7. [Chinese state television reports Guo Youming, former deputy governor of Hubei province, is found guilty of taking bribes totaling more than 23.8 million yuan ($3.70 million). Guo is the latest to be convicted as a result of President Xi Jinping's anti-corruption campaign that started when Xi took office three years ago. ](/news/2015/12/9/chinese-state-television-reports-guo-youming-former-deputy-governor-of-hubei-province-is-found-guilty-of-taking-bribes-totaling-more-than.md) _Context: Hubei_
8. [At least nine people are dead as Typhoon Mujigae hits southern China in the midst of the country's weeklong National Day holiday. Mujigae also generates several strong tornadoes and leaves dozens of fishermen missing. Nearly 200,000 people had been evacuated before the storm made landfall. Neighboring Guangxi Zhuang region orders 12,700 fishing boats and 35,400 offshore workers to return to port. ](/news/2015/10/5/at-least-nine-people-are-dead-as-typhoon-mujigae-hits-southern-china-in-the-midst-of-the-country-s-weeklong-national-day-holiday-mujigae-al.md) _Context: Guangxi Zhuang_
9. [Chinese authorities arrest a suspect in yesterday's 17 Liucheng County mail bomb explosions that killed at least seven people and wounded more than 50. The suspect is identified as 33-year-old quarry-worker, Wei Yinyong, from Dapu township also in Guangxi Province. There is another explosion this morning. While it's not clear if it is connected, authorities reportedly located 60 packages yesterday which were being examined by a bomb squad. ](/news/2015/10/1/chinese-authorities-arrest-a-suspect-in-yesterday-s-17-liucheng-county-mail-bomb-explosions-that-killed-at-least-seven-people-and-wounded-mo.md) _Context: Guangxi Zhuang_
10. [At least six people are killed and dozens injured in explosions at 15 locations in Liucheng County in China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region. The explosives were reportedly concealed inside express delivery packages. Chinese officials have identified a suspect, but the motive is not yet known. ](/news/2015/09/30/at-least-six-people-are-killed-and-dozens-injured-in-explosions-at-15-locations-in-liucheng-county-in-china-s-guangxi-zhuang-autonomous-regi.md) _Context: Guangxi Zhuang_
