### [2007-05-20](/news/2007/05/20/index.md)

#  2007 Israel-Gaza conflict: An IAF plane fires a missile at house of Hamas lawmaker Khalil al-Haya, killing eight people and wounding many others; Al-Haya was not at his house at the time of the strike. 

Air force targets armed gunmen in street in Sajaiya neighborhood, Palestinians claim attack was against house of Hamas lawmaker Khalil al-Haya. Gaza sources report at least eight people killed, 13 more wounded. Army denies attack targeted house, says it identified hitting gunmen


### Source:

1. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3402572,00.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/newsOne/idUSL1731780720070520)

### Related:

1. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict: Two Qassam rockets land in Israel with at least two casualties in Sderot. The IAF strikes two Hamas posts in the Gaza Strip, with no casualties reported. ](/news/2007/05/27/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-p-two-qassam-rockets-land-in-israel-with-at-least-two-casualties-in-sderot-p-the-iaf-strikes-two-hamas-posts-in-t.md) _Context: 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict, Hamas, Israeli Air Force_
2. [  The IAF carried out an air strike near the residence of Palestinian Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh. The IDF said that the air strike was not targeting the Prime Minister, and was on a structure used by Hamas, located in the Shati refugee camp. Local residents said that an IAF missile hit a vehicle patrolling Haniyeh's home in Gaza, and that the attack wounded one person. ](/news/2007/05/25/the-iaf-carried-out-an-air-strike-near-the-residence-of-palestinian-prime-minister-ismail-haniyeh-the-idf-said-that-the-air-strike-was-no.md) _Context: 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict, Hamas, Israeli Air Force_
3. [Israeli Air Force planes hit two Hamas targets in Gaza in retaliation for rocket fire from the Palestinian territory. ](/news/2015/12/13/israeli-air-force-planes-hit-two-hamas-targets-in-gaza-in-retaliation-for-rocket-fire-from-the-palestinian-territory.md) _Context: Hamas, Israeli Air Force_
4. [In retaliation for the rocket fired on the Israeli city of Ashdod, the Israeli Air Force carries out airstrikes on suspected Hamas positions in Gaza. No casualties are reported. ](/news/2015/10/1/in-retaliation-for-the-rocket-fired-on-the-israeli-city-of-ashdod-the-israeli-air-force-carries-out-airstrikes-on-suspected-hamas-positions.md) _Context: Hamas, Israeli Air Force_
5. [The Israeli Air Force launches an air strike east of Gaza City, killing a Hamas gunman, in response to a rocket launched at Israel which landed in the Negev Desert. ](/news/2011/08/16/the-israeli-air-force-launches-an-air-strike-east-of-gaza-city-killing-a-hamas-gunman-in-response-to-a-rocket-launched-at-israel-which-lan.md) _Context: Hamas, Israeli Air Force_
6. [The Israeli Air Force bombs the Gaza Strip after Hamas militants launch a missile attack on Israel. ](/news/2011/07/14/the-israeli-air-force-bombs-the-gaza-strip-after-hamas-militants-launch-a-missile-attack-on-israel.md) _Context: Hamas, Israeli Air Force_
7. [The Israeli air force launches early morning airstrikes on smuggling tunnels along Gaza-Egypt border as well as a Hamas training camp in Gaza following Palestinian militants' rocket attacks against Beersheba and Ashkelon, Israel. ](/news/2011/03/24/the-israeli-air-force-launches-early-morning-airstrikes-on-smuggling-tunnels-along-gaza-egypt-border-as-well-as-a-hamas-training-camp-in-gaz.md) _Context: Hamas, Israeli Air Force_
8. [The Israeli Air Force launches several air strikes on the Gaza Strip following a BM-21 Grad missile strike by the Aza Din al-Kassem Gazan militant group on the Israeli town of Ashkelon. A Hamas rocket maker is killed and 13 other people are injured. ](/news/2010/07/30/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-air-strikes-on-the-gaza-strip-following-a-bm-21-grad-missile-strike-by-the-aza-din-al-kassem-gazan-mi.md) _Context: Hamas, Israeli Air Force_
9. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict: Hamas militants are considering lighter ceasefire terms offered by Fatah, specifically Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. They are giving Israel until May 27 to respond to this agreement, that would only end Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip. Hamas has said, however, that they are not completely committed to their offer. Israeli attack helicopters launch missile strikes on a various facilities, including a security facility near Palestinian Prime Minister Haniyeh's home. At least three people are injured by the air strikes. ](/news/2007/05/26/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-p-hamas-militants-are-considering-lighter-ceasefire-terms-offered-by-fatah-specifically-palestinian-president-ma.md) _Context: 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict, Hamas_
10. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict: Israeli soldiers arrest 33 Hamas figures in Nablus, West Bank, including one cabinet member, Palestinian Education Minister Naser al-Shaer. ](/news/2007/05/24/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-p-israeli-soldiers-arrest-33-hamas-figures-in-nablus-west-bank-including-one-cabinet-member-palestinian-educat.md) _Context: 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict, Hamas_
