### [2011-02-12](/news/2011/02/12/index.md)

# Myanmar arrests the Australian owner and editor of the "Myanmar Times" newspaper, detained under immigration laws. 

Ross Dunkley, the Australian owner of English-language newspaper Myanmar Times, is arrested in Burma on an alleged immigration offence.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-pacific-12440879)
2. [Bangkok Post](http://www.bangkokpost.com/news/asia/221216/myanmar-times-editor-in-chief-arrested)

### Related:

1. [Myanmar tops the 2015 Charities Aid Foundation's World Giving Index which measures each country's charitable behavior. Individuals indicate whether they have donated money, volunteered, or helped a stranger in the past month. The United States, which tied with Myanmar last year, is second, followed by New Zealand, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Sri Lanka, Ireland, and Malaysia. ](/news/2015/11/10/myanmar-tops-the-2015-charities-aid-foundation-s-world-giving-index-which-measures-each-country-s-charitable-behavior-individuals-indicate.md) _Context: Australia, Myanmar_
2. [Australia relaxes sanctions on Myanmar, following political reforms in Myanmar, including by-elections earlier this month in which opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi's party won dozens of seats. ](/news/2012/04/16/australia-relaxes-sanctions-on-myanmar-following-political-reforms-in-myanmar-including-by-elections-earlier-this-month-in-which-oppositio.md) _Context: Australia, Myanmar_
3. [2017 V-22 Osprey crash. The search for three members of the United States Marines Corps lost in a MV-22 Osprey crash in Shoalwater Bay in the Australian state of Queensland is called off. ](/news/2017/08/6/2017-v-22-osprey-crash-the-search-for-three-members-of-the-united-states-marines-corps-lost-in-a-mv-22-osprey-crash-in-shoalwater-bay-in-th.md) _Context: Australia_
4. [2017 V-22 Osprey crash. Searches are underway for three members of the United States Marine Corps missing after a MV-22 Osprey crashed off the coast of the Australian state of Queensland. Twenty three of the twenty six people on board have been rescued. ](/news/2017/08/5/2017-v-22-osprey-crash-searches-are-underway-for-three-members-of-the-united-states-marine-corps-missing-after-a-mv-22-osprey-crashed-off-t.md) _Context: Australia_
5. [Rohingya insurgency in Western Myanmar. 2016-17 Northern Rakhine State clashes. Myanmar officials report eight policemen and one immigration officer, and 16 Rohingya insurgents were killed overnight during coordinated attacks by insurgents on at least 26 police posts and an army base in Rakhine State. ](/news/2017/08/25/rohingya-insurgency-in-western-myanmar-2016-17-northern-rakhine-state-clashes-myanmar-officials-report-eight-policemen-and-one-immigrati.md) _Context: Myanmar_
6. [2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar. A mob of at least a hundred Rakhine Buddhists in Sittwe, Rakhine State, Myanmar, attack seven Rohingya men from Dapaing Camp for internally displaced persons, killing one and severely injuring another. The Rohingya men were being escorted by police to Sittwe's docks to purchase boats, but were attacked despite armed guards being present. ](/news/2017/07/4/2016-17-rohingya-persecution-in-myanmar-a-mob-of-at-least-a-hundred-rakhine-buddhists-in-sittwe-rakhine-state-myanmar-attack-seven-roh.md) _Context: Myanmar_
7. [Child marriage in Australia. An Imam in Australia who married a 14 year old to a 34 year old will not face jail time despite conviction. [http://www.mirror.co.uk/news/world-news/imam-marries-14-year-old-10661681 ("Daily Mirror") ]](/news/2017/06/21/child-marriage-in-australia-an-imam-in-australia-who-married-a-14-year-old-to-a-34-year-old-will-not-face-jail-time-despite-conviction-ht.md) _Context: Australia_
8. [Manus Regional Processing Centre. Australia agrees to pay AUS$70 million in compensation to 1,905 people who have been detained on Manus Island since 2012, so avoiding a public trial against the government and the Transfield and G4S private companies for the detainees' degrading and cruel treatment. ](/news/2017/06/14/manus-regional-processing-centre-australia-agrees-to-pay-aus-70-million-in-compensation-to-1-905-people-who-have-been-detained-on-manus-isl.md) _Context: Australia_
9. [Rare specimens of daisies from the 1850s originally held in the National Museum of Natural History in Paris were reportedly destroyed by Australia in March allegedly due to incomplete paperwork. ](/news/2017/05/8/rare-specimens-of-daisies-from-the-1850s-originally-held-in-the-national-museum-of-natural-history-in-paris-were-reportedly-destroyed-by-aus.md) _Context: Australia_
10. [The Holy See and Myanmar establish full diplomatic relations following a meeting between Pope Francis and Myanmar's State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-holy-see-and-myanmar-establish-full-diplomatic-relations-following-a-meeting-between-pope-francis-and-myanmar-s-state-counsellor-aung-sa.md) _Context: Myanmar_
