### [2006-05-11](/news/2006/05/11/index.md)

#  Ernie Fletcher, Republican governor of the U.S. state of Kentucky, is indicted on three misdemeanor counts of conspiracy, official misconduct and political discrimination for hiring, promoting, demoting and firing state employees based on political loyalties.




### Source:

1. [Lexington Herald-Leader](http://www.kentucky.com/mld/kentucky/news/breaking_news/14556190.htm)

### Related:

1. [United States presidential election, 2016: Kentucky Senator Rand Paul suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/02/3/united-states-presidential-election-2016-kentucky-senator-rand-paul-suspends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination-for-presiden.md) _Context: Kentucky, Republican_
2. [Politics of the United States: West Virginia Governor Jim Justice announces, during U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Huntington, he is changing his party affiliation from Democratic to Republican. ](/news/2017/08/3/politics-of-the-united-states-west-virginia-governor-jim-justice-announces-during-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-rally-in-huntington-he-is.md) _Context: Republican_
3. [United States sanctions: Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/united-states-sanctions-negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea.md) _Context: Republican_
4. [Presidency of Donald Trump: Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/presidency-of-donald-trump-numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-regist.md) _Context: Kentucky_
5. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: Republican_
6. [Efforts to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act: American Health Care Act of 2017: The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/efforts-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-american-health-care-act-of-2017-the-republican-controlled-united-states.md) _Context: Republican_
7. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017: Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia. ](/news/2017/04/18/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u.md) _Context: Republican_
8. [Political appointments of Donald Trump: The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/political-appointments-of-donald-trump-the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-prim.md) _Context: Republican_
9. [An act to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act: A leaked memo from House Republicans reveals cutting provisions from Obamacare such as Medicaid expansions and subsidies for health insurance. ](/news/2017/02/25/an-act-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-a-leaked-memo-from-house-republicans-reveals-cutting-provisions-from-obamac.md) _Context: Republican_
10. [115th United States Congress: The Republican-led U.S. House of Representatives cancels plans approved on Monday, following widespread criticism, including a tweet by President-elect Trump, that would have weakened the House's independent ethics watchdog, the Office of Congressional Ethics. ](/news/2017/01/3/115th-united-states-congress-the-republican-led-u-s-house-of-representatives-cancels-plans-approved-on-monday-following-widespread-critic.md) _Context: Republican_
