### [2012-02-19](/news/2012/02/19/index.md)

# India's Kingfisher Airlines cancels 16 flights from Mumbai and stops operations in Kolkata over the next four days. 

Passengers booked on Kingfisher Airlines are in for some trouble as the country&#039;s third largest airline has announced that its operations will be curtailed over the next four days. On Sunday, Kingfisher Airlines cancelled 16 flights from Mumbai. Several other Kingfisher flights from Mumbai have also been delayed.


### Source:

1. [NDTV](http://www.ndtv.com/article/india/kingfisher-passengers-continue-to-suffer-16-flights-cancelled-from-mumbai-177625)

### Related:

1. [History of Mumbai. At least 17 people are killed in a building collapse in the Indian city of Mumbai with at least 13 injured and twelve people unaccounted for. ](/news/2017/07/26/history-of-mumbai-at-least-17-people-are-killed-in-a-building-collapse-in-the-indian-city-of-mumbai-with-at-least-13-injured-and-twelve-peo.md) _Context: Mumbai_
2. [A court in the Indian city of Mumbai convicts and sentences Ankur Panwar to the death penalty for a fatal acid-throwing attack. ](/news/2016/09/8/a-court-in-the-indian-city-of-mumbai-convicts-and-sentences-ankur-panwar-to-the-death-penalty-for-a-fatal-acid-throwing-attack.md) _Context: Mumbai_
3. [The search continues for survivors of a bridge collapse on the Mumbai-Goa highway over the flooded Savitri River in western India. Twenty two people and two buses are believed to be missing. ](/news/2016/08/3/the-search-continues-for-survivors-of-a-bridge-collapse-on-the-mumbai-goa-highway-over-the-flooded-savitri-river-in-western-india-twenty-tw.md) _Context: Mumbai_
4. [A three-storey building collapses in the Indian city of Mumbai, resulting in six deaths and trapping many others. ](/news/2016/04/30/a-three-storey-building-collapses-in-the-indian-city-of-mumbai-resulting-in-six-deaths-and-trapping-many-others.md) _Context: Mumbai_
5. [Indian women's rights activists are barred by angry villagers and local authorities from entering Shani Shingnapur temple despite a court ruling guaranteeing access. Breaking with a centuries-old tradition, the high court in Mumbai ruled women have a fundamental right to enter Hindu temples across the state of Maharashtra, and the government has the responsibility to protect their rights. Bhumata Ranragini Brigade leader Trupti Desai and 25 other supporters were detained by police. All India Mahila Congress President Shobha Oza and Delhi Commission for Women chairwoman Swati Maliwal called the actions of locals and authorities "completely shameful." ](/news/2016/04/2/indian-women-s-rights-activists-are-barred-by-angry-villagers-and-local-authorities-from-entering-shani-shingnapur-temple-despite-a-court-ru.md) _Context: Mumbai_
6. [ A massive fire occurs in a textile factory in the Mumbai suburb of Bhiwandi in India's Maharashtra state. Fifty people are feared trapped. ](/news/2016/04/12/a-massive-fire-occurs-in-a-textile-factory-in-the-mumbai-suburb-of-bhiwandi-in-india-s-maharashtra-state-fifty-people-are-feared-trapped.md) _Context: Mumbai_
7. [2016 Kolkata overpass collapse. At least 21 people are killed, 70 injured and up to 150 people are feared trapped after a half-built overpass collapses in the Indian city of Kolkata. ](/news/2016/03/31/2016-kolkata-overpass-collapse-at-least-21-people-are-killed-70-injured-and-up-to-150-people-are-feared-trapped-after-a-half-built-overpas.md) _Context: Kolkata_
8. [A blaze, sparked by a quick succession of between 15 and 20 gas cylinder explosions, in the Kandivali suburb of Mumbai, India, kills at least two and injures 11 while destroying around 1,000 hutment homes. ](/news/2015/12/7/a-blaze-sparked-by-a-quick-succession-of-between-15-and-20-gas-cylinder-explosions-in-the-kandivali-suburb-of-mumbai-india-kills-at-leas.md) _Context: Mumbai_
9. [An Air India aircraft maintenance technician is killed at Mumbai's Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport in India after being sucked by an Air India Airbus A319's aircraft engine during pushback. ](/news/2015/12/16/an-air-india-aircraft-maintenance-technician-is-killed-at-mumbai-s-chhatrapati-shivaji-international-airport-in-india-after-being-sucked-by.md) _Context: Mumbai_
10. [2006 Mumbai train bombings. An Indian court sentences five suspected Islamic militants to death and seven others to life imprisonment for bombing attacks nine years ago on seven Mumbai commuter trains that killed 188 people and wounded more than 800. ](/news/2015/09/30/2006-mumbai-train-bombings-an-indian-court-sentences-five-suspected-islamic-militants-to-death-and-seven-others-to-life-imprisonment-for-bo.md) _Context: Mumbai_
