### [2012-02-19](/news/2012/02/19/index.md)

# Iranian warships dock at the Syrian port of Tartous, according to Iranian state media. 

Iran state media says two vessels have crossed Suez Canal and arrived in Syria, provoking angry response from Israel.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2012/02/20122197221461654.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: 2017 Deir ez-Zor missile strike: Iran fires medium range ballistic missiles from western Iran to ISIL targets in Deir ez-Zor Governorate, eastern Syria, in retaliation for the June 7 Tehran attacks. ](/news/2017/06/18/syrian-civil-war-2017-deir-ez-zor-missile-strike-iran-fires-medium-range-ballistic-missiles-from-western-iran-to-isil-targets-in-deir-ez-z.md) _Context: Iran, Syria_
2. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Iran, Syria_
3. [Iraqi Civil War: Iraq's Popular Mobilization Forces, assisted by Iran, say they cleared ISIL out of several villages north of Ba'aj on the border with Syria. ](/news/2017/05/29/iraqi-civil-war-iraq-s-popular-mobilization-forces-assisted-by-iran-say-they-cleared-isil-out-of-several-villages-north-of-ba-aj-on-the-b.md) _Context: Iran, Syria_
4. [Executive Order 13769: Travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen are blocked from entering the United States as the executive order takes effect. ](/news/2017/01/28/executive-order-13769-travelers-from-iran-iraq-libya-somalia-sudan-syria-and-yemen-are-blocked-from-entering-the-united-states-as-the.md) _Context: Iran, Syria_
5. [Presidency of Donald Trump: President Trump signs an executive order limiting refugees and immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries, including Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The order also prioritizes the vetting of Christian refugees of the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/27/presidency-of-donald-trump-president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-limiting-refugees-and-immigration-from-seven-muslim-majority-countries.md) _Context: Iran, Syria_
6. [ Syrian Civil War: Aleppo offensive (May 2016): At least 13 Iranian soldiers are killed in a battle with Islamist militants in a village near Aleppo, Syria. This is the largest single day loss for the Iranians since the start of the conflict. ](/news/2016/05/7/syrian-civil-war-aleppo-offensive-may-2016-at-least-13-iranian-soldiers-are-killed-in-a-battle-with-islamist-militants-in-a-village-nea.md) _Context: Iran, Syria_
7. [Gulf Cooperation Council Summit: United States President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/gulf-cooperation-council-summit-united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-unit.md) _Context: Iran, Syria_
8. [European migrant crisis: The United States government implements new restrictions to its visa waiver program which now requires, with limited exceptions, European, Japanese and Australian travelers to the United States who either have been visitors in the last five years to or are dual-citizens of Iran, Iraq, Syria and Sudan to obtain a travel visa. The new visa policies were mandated by legislation which was passed, in the aftermath of November 2015 Paris attacks, by Congress on the grounds of national security. ](/news/2016/01/22/european-migrant-crisis-the-united-states-government-implements-new-restrictions-to-its-visa-waiver-program-which-now-requires-with-limite.md) _Context: Iran, Syria_
9. [European migrant crisis: Macedonia, Serbia, Croatia, and Slovenia shut their borders to so-called economic migrants, those not coming from war-torn countries such as Syria, Afghanistan, or Iraq, leaving thousands stranded at Balkan border crossings. Around 500 migrants from Iran, Morocco, and Algeria gather on the border between Greece and Macedonia to protest the closure. ](/news/2015/11/20/european-migrant-crisis-macedonia-serbia-croatia-and-slovenia-shut-their-borders-to-so-called-economic-migrants-those-not-coming-from-w.md) _Context: Iran, Syria_
10. [Syrian Civil War peace process: U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry meets in Vienna, Austria, with the foreign ministers of Turkey and Saudi Arabia, as well as the U.N. special envoy for Syria, ahead of Saturday's next round of international summits on the Syrian Civil War. The talks, aimed toward a cease-fire in Syria's devastating war and a political transition to a post-war government, will include senior officials from 19 nations/groups and, as in October, Iran will participate. ](/news/2015/11/13/syrian-civil-war-peace-process-u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-in-vienna-austria-with-the-foreign-ministers-of-turkey-and-saudi.md) _Context: Iran, Syria_
