### [2006-04-4](/news/2006/04/4/index.md)

#  The 39th Canadian Parliament opens in Ottawa, with the Speech from the Throne delivered by the Governor General on behalf of the newly elected government of Stephen Harper. 




### Source:

1. [Toronto Star](http://www.thestar.com/NASApp/cs/ContentServer?pagename=thestar/Layout/Article_Type1&c=Article&cid=1144144328619&call_pageid=968332188492&col=968793972154)

### Related:

1. [Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper confirms that he has asked Governor General David Johnston to dissolve the Canadian Parliament and set a general election for October 19. This will be the longest election campaign for Canada in recent history, since voting was once staggered over months to accommodate people travelling from remote regions of the country using archaic means of transportation. ](/news/2015/08/2/canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-confirms-that-he-has-asked-governor-general-david-johnston-to-dissolve-the-canadian-parliament-and-se.md) _Context: Governor General, Stephen Harper_
2. [Daniel Skahan, a 29-year-old from Ottawa, is charged 5,000 $ for mischief and possession of incendiary materials, for his role in setting a fire just outside of Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper's home. ](/news/2010/08/15/daniel-skahan-a-29-year-old-from-ottawa-is-charged-5-000-for-mischief-and-possession-of-incendiary-materials-for-his-role-in-setting-a.md) _Context: Ottawa, Stephen Harper_
3. [ U.S. President Barack Obama meets with Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper in Ottawa. ](/news/2009/02/19/u-s-president-barack-obama-meets-with-canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-in-ottawa.md) _Context: Ottawa, Stephen Harper_
4. [ 2008 Canadian parliamentary dispute: At the request of Prime Minister Stephen Harper, Governor General of Canada Michalle Jean prorogues the parliament until January 26, 2009, to avoid a confidence motion by a newly-formed coalition of opposition parties. ](/news/2008/12/4/2008-canadian-parliamentary-dispute-at-the-request-of-prime-minister-stephen-harper-governor-general-of-canada-michaelle-jean-prorogues-t.md) _Context: Governor General, Stephen Harper_
5. [ A summit between US president George W. Bush, Canadian prime minister Stephen Harper, Mexican president Felipe Caldern, and about 30 CEOs from the three countries begins in the resort town of Montebello, Quebec, near Ottawa. The talks will deal with the Security and Prosperity Partnership of North America. Protesters representing a variety of issues hold demonstrations regarding the exclusion of civil society from the talks and the secrecy of the process; police respond with tear gas. ](/news/2007/08/20/a-summit-between-us-president-george-w-bush-canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-mexican-president-felipe-calderon-and-about-30-ceos.md) _Context: Ottawa, Stephen Harper_
6. [Politics of the United Kingdom: After six days of debate, the House of Commons of the United Kingdom votes to approve, with 323 votes for and 309 against, the policies set out in the Queen's Speech. In order to avoid a 'regret' amendment, Chancellor of the Exchequer Philip Hammond says that England's National Health Service is to provide free abortions to women from Northern Ireland with funds from the Government Equalities Office. ](/news/2017/06/29/politics-of-the-united-kingdom-after-six-days-of-debate-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-votes-to-approve-with-323-votes-for-an.md) _Context: Queen's Speech_
7. [A road collapse at a major intersection near the Canadian Parliament in Ottawa, Ontario, forces evacuation of a mall, a hotel, the Shaw Convention Centre, and a book store because of the smell of gas. Power and water are now shut off. ](/news/2016/06/8/a-road-collapse-at-a-major-intersection-near-the-canadian-parliament-in-ottawa-ontario-forces-evacuation-of-a-mall-a-hotel-the-shaw-conv.md) _Context: Ottawa_
8. [At least 6 people are dead in Ottawa after a collision between a Via Rail train and a double-decker OC Transpo bus. ](/news/2013/09/18/at-least-6-people-are-dead-in-ottawa-after-a-collision-between-a-via-rail-train-and-a-double-decker-oc-transpo-bus.md) _Context: Ottawa_
9. [Ottawa experiences a 5.2 magnitude earthquake. ](/news/2013/05/17/ottawa-experiences-a-5-2-magnitude-earthquake.md) _Context: Ottawa_
10. [Rescue efforts restart at Algo Centre Mall, after the Premier of Ontario, Dalton McGuinty, orders them resumed. Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper asks the Canadian Forces to ready for deployment, if they should be needed. ](/news/2012/06/26/rescue-efforts-restart-at-algo-centre-mall-after-the-premier-of-ontario-dalton-mcguinty-orders-them-resumed-canadian-prime-minister-step.md) _Context: Stephen Harper_
