### [2015-02-25](/news/2015/02/25/index.md)

# A United States district court judge orders documents turned over to hedge fund NML Capital with regard to the flow of funds in a February 9 issuance of Argentina dollar denominated sovereign bonds. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/02/26/us-argentina-debt-idUSKBN0LU1FU20150226)

### Related:

1. [Following a court order that payments to most bondholders be stopped until holdouts were paid, Argentina has defaulted on some of its bonds after negotiations fell short of reaching a deal with hedge fund investors demanding a full payout of US$1.3 billion on bonds. ](/news/2014/07/31/following-a-court-order-that-payments-to-most-bondholders-be-stopped-until-holdouts-were-paid-argentina-has-defaulted-on-some-of-its-bonds.md) _Context: Argentina, Hedge fund_
2. [The U.S. Supreme Court finds against the Republic of Argentina on a discovery issue in its litigation against hedge fund NML Capital, and refuses to hear appeals on the substantive issues in the same litigation: a victory for hold-out bond-holders against a defaulting sovereign. ](/news/2014/06/16/the-u-s-supreme-court-finds-against-the-republic-of-argentina-on-a-discovery-issue-in-its-litigation-against-hedge-fund-nml-capital-and-re.md) _Context: Argentina, Hedge fund_
3. [On the 30th anniversary of the Falklands War between the United Kingdom and Argentina, Argentina threatens action against United States and United Kingdom banks, while UK Prime Minister David Cameron calls Argentina's 1982 invasion "a profound wrong". ](/news/2012/04/2/on-the-30th-anniversary-of-the-falklands-war-between-the-united-kingdom-and-argentina-argentina-threatens-action-against-united-states-and.md) _Context: Argentina, U.S._
4. [Argentina lodges an official complaint against the United States after America's landing of a military plane loaded with undeclared "sensitive material", including guns, drugs and satellite phones, leading the Argentinian government to express concerns that the U.S. was attempting to sneak its cargo into the country.  ](/news/2011/02/15/argentina-lodges-an-official-complaint-against-the-united-states-after-america-s-landing-of-a-military-plane-loaded-with-undeclared-sensiti.md) _Context: Argentina, U.S._
5. [Don Chu, an executive of a hedge fund networking fund Primary Global Research, is arrested on insider trading charges in the United States. ](/news/2010/11/24/don-chu-an-executive-of-a-hedge-fund-networking-fund-primary-global-research-is-arrested-on-insider-trading-charges-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Hedge fund, U.S._
6. [Christopher Coke: Christopher Coke, sent to United States territory by Jamaica, pleads not guilty to United States charges of drug smuggling at a federal court in New York and, in his first public comments since August, says he took the decision to be extradited "in the best interest of my family, the community of western Kingston and in particular the people of Tivoli Gardens and above all Jamaica". ](/news/2010/06/25/christopher-coke-pchristopher-coke-sent-to-united-states-territory-by-jamaica-pleads-not-guilty-to-united-states-charges-of-drug-smugglin.md) _Context: U.S., U.S. District Judge_
7. [ Argentina, Brazil and Bolivia express concerns whilst Peru supports a planned accord by Colombian President Alvaro Uribe to allow United States troops to use several bases. Venezuela announces trade measures against Colombia. ](/news/2009/08/6/argentina-brazil-and-bolivia-express-concerns-whilst-peru-supports-a-planned-accord-by-colombian-president-alvaro-uribe-to-allow-united-s.md) _Context: Argentina, U.S._
8. [ Florida hedge fund manager Arthur Nadel is arrested by the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation and charged with fraud. ](/news/2009/01/27/florida-hedge-fund-manager-arthur-nadel-is-arrested-by-the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigation-and-charged-with-fraud.md) _Context: Hedge fund, U.S._
9. [ Massive demonstrations against U.S. President George W. Bush continue to grow at the Fourth Summit of the Americas in Mar del Plata, Argentina. ](/news/2005/11/4/massive-demonstrations-against-u-s-president-george-w-bush-continue-to-grow-at-the-fourth-summit-of-the-americas-in-mar-del-plata-argent.md) _Context: Argentina, U.S._
10. [ The government of Argentina delays the restructuring of its debt by the exchange of old bonds for new because of a decision by a federal court judge in the United States that froze the processing of the old bonds in the possession of the Bank of New York pending a hearing before the appeals court. ](/news/2005/04/1/the-government-of-argentina-delays-the-restructuring-of-its-debt-by-the-exchange-of-old-bonds-for-new-because-of-a-decision-by-a-federal-co.md) _Context: Argentina, U.S._
