### [2015-02-25](/news/2015/02/25/index.md)

# Film director Roman Polanski testifies at a closed to the media court hearing in Krakw, Poland, regarding a US request for his extradition over a 1977 child sex crime conviction. The hearing is later postponed until April. 

If court approves extradition request, justice minister will decide whether to hand over film-maker to US authorities


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/02/25/europe/roman-polanski-extradition/)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/film/2015/feb/25/roman-polanski-testifies-at-extradition-hearing-in-poland)

### Related:

1. [The appellate prosecutors office in the Polish city of Krakow decides not to appeal a decision against extraditing filmmaker Roman Polanski to the United States to face prosecution for historic child sex offences. ](/news/2015/11/27/the-appellate-prosecutors-office-in-the-polish-city-of-krakow-decides-not-to-appeal-a-decision-against-extraditing-filmmaker-roman-polanski.md) _Context: Krakow, Roman Polanski_
2. [Polish Judge Dariusz Mazur rules the law forbids film director Roman Polanski's extradition to the U.S. where he pleaded guilty nearly four decades ago to having sex with a minor. The prosecutors can appeal the ruling. ](/news/2015/10/30/polish-judge-dariusz-mazur-rules-the-law-forbids-film-director-roman-polanski-s-extradition-to-the-u-s-where-he-pleaded-guilty-nearly-four.md) _Context: Roman Polanski, extradition_
3. [Switzerland rejects a request from the United States to extradite Franco-Polish film director Roman Polanski to face sentencing on charges of unlawful sex with a minor in 1977. ](/news/2010/07/12/switzerland-rejects-a-request-from-the-united-states-to-extradite-franco-polish-film-director-roman-polanski-to-face-sentencing-on-charges.md) _Context: Polish, Roman Polanski_
4. [Oldest men: The world's oldest man, Polish-Israeli Yisrael Kristal, who was also recognized as the oldest living Holocaust survivor, dies at age 113 years, 330 days, in Haifa, Israel. ](/news/2017/08/11/oldest-men-the-world-s-oldest-man-polish-israeli-yisrael-kristal-who-was-also-recognized-as-the-oldest-living-holocaust-survivor-dies.md) _Context: Polish_
5. [World heritage sites: In a meeting held in the city of Krakow, Poland, UNESCO decides not to include Machu Picchu on its list of endangered heritage sites due to the steps taken by Peruvian authorities to address concerns about the condition of the Inca citadel. ](/news/2017/07/6/world-heritage-sites-in-a-meeting-held-in-the-city-of-kraka3w-poland-unesco-decides-not-to-include-machu-picchu-on-its-list-of-endangered.md) _Context: Polish_
6. [Poland in the European Union: The European Union's executive branch sends a formal notice to Poland expressing their concern that the new "discretionary" powers given to the country's justice minister threaten the independence of the courts in violation of EU laws. Poland has a month to respond. ](/news/2017/07/29/poland-in-the-european-union-the-european-union-s-executive-branch-sends-a-formal-notice-to-poland-expressing-their-concern-that-the-new-d.md) _Context: Polish_
7. [Law of Poland: Poles march against a bill that critics say might decrease judicial independence in Poland. Hungary has supported the bill while the European Union has opposed it. The protesters hope that the President Andrzej Duda would intervene against the proposed law. ](/news/2017/07/22/law-of-poland-poles-march-against-a-bill-that-critics-say-might-decrease-judicial-independence-in-poland-hungary-has-supported-the-bill-wh.md) _Context: Polish_
8. [United Nations Security Council election, 2017: Equatorial Guinea, Ivory Coast, Kuwait, Peru and Poland are elected to the United Nations Security Council for a two-year term beginning on January 1, 2018. ](/news/2017/06/2/united-nations-security-council-election-2017-equatorial-guinea-ivory-coast-kuwait-peru-and-poland-are-elected-to-the-united-nations-se.md) _Context: Polish_
9. [ In Swiebodzice, Poland, an old tenement house collapses killing at least six people, including two children, and injuring six. The exploration teams are looking for 4 missing people. ](/news/2017/04/8/in-awiebodzice-poland-an-old-tenement-house-collapses-killing-at-least-six-people-including-two-children-and-injuring-six-the-explora.md) _Context: Polish_
10. [United States-European Union relations: The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/united-states-european-union-relations-the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-go.md) _Context: Polish_
