### [2015-02-25](/news/2015/02/25/index.md)

# The Atlanta-based U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), were so concerned about a study released today in "The New England Journal of Medicine", that they are launching another new study about why so many people are becoming infected by or exposed to the potentially deadly "Clostridium difficile" (""C. diff."") bacterium after going to the doctor's or dentist's office. 




### Source:

1. [CDC](http://www.cdc.gov/hai/organisms/cdiff/tracking-Cdiff.html)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2015/02/25/health/deadly-bacteria-doctors-offices/index.html)
3. [NEJM](http://www.nejm.org/doi/full/10.1056/NEJMoa1408913#t=article)

### Related:

1. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017. Campaigning ends and voting begins in the suburbs of Atlanta in the U.S. state of Georgia between Republican Karen Handel and Democratic Jon Ossoff, where Republican Handel wins the election by a narrow margin. ](/news/2017/06/20/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-campaigning-ends-and-voting-begins-in-the-suburbs-of-atlanta-in-the-u-s-state.md) _Context: Atlanta_
2. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017. Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia. ](/news/2017/04/18/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u.md) _Context: Atlanta_
3. [Democratic National Committee chairmanship election, 2017. Voting takes place in Atlanta, Georgia, to elect a new Chair of the Democratic National Committee. Candidates include Sally Boynton Brown, Keith Ellison, Jehmu Greene and former United States Secretary of Labor Tom Perez. ](/news/2017/02/25/democratic-national-committee-chairmanship-election-2017-voting-takes-place-in-atlanta-georgia-to-elect-a-new-chair-of-the-democratic-na.md) _Context: Atlanta_
4. [Anti-Trump protests. Protests and riots against president-elect Donald Trump take place in Portland, Los Angeles, New York City, and Atlanta, leading to the arrests of over 225 people. ](/news/2016/11/11/anti-trump-protests-protests-and-riots-against-president-elect-donald-trump-take-place-in-portland-los-angeles-new-york-city-and-atlanta.md) _Context: Atlanta_
5. [Zika virus epidemic. More than 150 prominent scientists worldwide send a letter to World Health Organization Director-General Margaret Chan calling for the postponement or relocation of the Rio de Janeiro 2016 Summer Olympics because of the widening Zika virus outbreak in Brazil, despite U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Director Tom Frieden's statement yesterday that "there is no public health reason to cancel or delay the Olympics." ](/news/2016/05/27/zika-virus-epidemic-more-than-150-prominent-scientists-worldwide-send-a-letter-to-world-health-organization-director-general-margaret-chan.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention_
6. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic. Health officials are concerned about the spread of the Zika virus in Haiti, which suffered the worst epidemic of cholera in recent history following the deadly 2010 Haiti earthquake. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports there are 2,214 suspected cases as of April 23. But new research indicates the virus has been present since 2014. The actual infection rate remains unknown since the poor, densely populated nation lacks routine data systems that can track and document disease outbreaks. ](/news/2016/05/23/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-health-officials-are-concerned-about-the-spread-of-the-zika-virus-in-haiti-which-suffered-the-worst-epidemic.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention_
7. [Zika virus outbreak (2015 - present). The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports at that least 270 pregnant women in the United States are infected with the Zika virus. ](/news/2016/05/20/zika-virus-outbreak-2015-present-the-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-reports-at-that-least-270-pregnant-women-in-the-united.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention_
8. [ Zika virus outbreak (2015-present). The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports the first Zika virus related death in the United States, an elderly man in Puerto Rico. ](/news/2016/04/29/zika-virus-outbreak-2015-present-the-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-reports-the-first-zika-virus-related-death-in-the-unit.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention_
9. [Zika virus outbreak (2015-present). The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention confirms that the Zika virus causes birth defects like microcephaly. ](/news/2016/04/13/zika-virus-outbreak-2015-present-the-united-states-centers-for-disease-control-and-prevention-confirms-that-the-zika-virus-causes-birth.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention_
10. [Zika virus outbreak (2015-present). The World Health Organization cautions pregnant women against traveling to areas where there is ongoing transmission of Zika virus, echoing earlier alerts from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and other health agencies in areas where virus infection has been prevalent. Director General Margaret Chan says evidence strongly suggests sexual transmission is more common than previously assumed. ](/news/2016/03/8/zika-virus-outbreak-2015-present-the-world-health-organization-cautions-pregnant-women-against-traveling-to-areas-where-there-is-ongoin.md) _Context: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention_
