### [2013-08-12](/news/2013/08/12/index.md)

# U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder, in a major policy shift in the War on Drugs, announces that the federal government, following some states' stances, will direct its prosecutors to no longer insist on automatic mandatory minimum prison sentences for non-violent, low-level, non-repeat offender drug offenses where the defendant is not involved with gangs and/or cartels. 




### Source:

1. [MSN](http://news.msn.com/us/us-wants-major-changes-to-criminal-justice-system)

### Related:

1. [Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-for-personal-use-of-the-drug-he.md) _Context: War on Drugs_
2. [Eric Holder announces his resignation as Attorney General of the United States, effective from when the Senate confirms a successor. ](/news/2014/09/25/eric-holder-announces-his-resignation-as-attorney-general-of-the-united-states-effective-from-when-the-senate-confirms-a-successor.md) _Context: Eric Holder_
3. [The Federal government recognizes same-sex marriage in the United States in all legal matters as Eric Holder compares it to the Civil Rights Movement. ](/news/2014/02/9/the-federal-government-recognizes-same-sex-marriage-in-the-united-states-in-all-legal-matters-as-eric-holder-compares-it-to-the-civil-rights.md) _Context: Eric Holder_
4. [U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder announces that federal prosecutors will seek the death penalty against Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. ](/news/2014/01/30/u-s-attorney-general-eric-holder-announces-that-federal-prosecutors-will-seek-the-death-penalty-against-boston-marathon-bombing-suspect-dzh.md) _Context: Eric Holder_
5. [United States Attorney General Eric Holder says that same-sex marriages conducted in Utah are recognized as legal under federal law. The state of Utah however, does not recognize the marriages under state laws. ](/news/2014/01/11/united-states-attorney-general-eric-holder-says-that-same-sex-marriages-conducted-in-utah-are-recognized-as-legal-under-federal-law-the-sta.md) _Context: Eric Holder_
6. [European Union officials send a letter to U.S. attorney general Eric Holder with seven detailed questions requesting concrete explanations about the country's data snooping programs and how it affects EU citizens ahead of a meeting in Dublin this Friday. ](/news/2013/06/11/european-union-officials-send-a-letter-to-u-s-attorney-general-eric-holder-with-seven-detailed-questions-requesting-concrete-explanations-a.md) _Context: Eric Holder_
7. [Eric Holder, the Attorney-General of the United States, confirms that four US citizens have been killed in drone aircraft attacks since 2011 including radical cleric Anwar al-Awlaki killed in 2011. ](/news/2013/05/22/eric-holder-the-attorney-general-of-the-united-states-confirms-that-four-us-citizens-have-been-killed-in-drone-aircraft-attacks-since-2011.md) _Context: Eric Holder_
8. [Attorney General Eric Holder, acting for the Obama Administration, testifies before the House Judiciary Committee that he was not party to the U.S. Justice Department's secret seizure of telephone records of the news agency the Associated Press. The Justice Department seized two months worth of telephone records from AP offices and reporters. ](/news/2013/05/13/attorney-general-eric-holder-acting-for-the-obama-administration-testifies-before-the-house-judiciary-committee-that-he-was-not-party-to-t.md) _Context: Eric Holder_
9. [In the United States, Senator Rand Paul ends a 13-hour filibuster to block voting on the nomination of John O. Brennan as the Director of the CIA, questioning President Barack Obama and his administration's use of drones, and the stated legal justification for hypothetical lethal use within the United States targeting against noncombatants. Attorney General Eric Holder states that combat drones would not be used to target and kill, without due process, Americans not engaged in combat on American soil. ](/news/2013/03/7/in-the-united-states-senator-rand-paul-ends-a-13-hour-filibuster-to-block-voting-on-the-nomination-of-john-o-brennan-as-the-director-of-th.md) _Context: Eric Holder_
10. [The United States House of Representatives holds Attorney-General Eric Holder in contempt for his perceived obstruction of the Congressional investigation into Operation Fast and Furious. Most House Republicans and 17 Democrats approve the decision. ](/news/2012/06/28/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-holds-attorney-general-eric-holder-in-contempt-for-his-perceived-obstruction-of-the-congressional.md) _Context: Eric Holder_
