### [2009-10-1](/news/2009/10/1/index.md)

#  Treaty of Lisbon:. Ahead of the second Irish referendum on the Treaty of Lisbon, the Vatican issues a warning to Irish voters that the European Union threatens Ireland's "identity, traditions and history". 

The Vatican has made an unexpected last-minute intervention on the eve of Ireland&#039;s Lisbon Treaty referendum with a warning the European Union threatens the country&#039;s &#034;identity, traditions and history&#034;.


### Source:

1. [Irish Independent](http://www.independent.ie/national-news/cowen-insists-no-thirdtime-lucky-if-treaty-rejected-again-1901139.html)
2. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/ireland/6251741/Vatican-issues-Lisbon-Treaty-warning-to-Irish-voters.html)

### Related:

1. [A report into the second Irish referendum on the Treaty of Lisbon is published, indicating reasons why people voted for and against the European Union treaty, which the Government eventually ratified successfully after much effort. ](/news/2010/10/2/a-report-into-the-second-irish-referendum-on-the-treaty-of-lisbon-is-published-indicating-reasons-why-people-voted-for-and-against-the-euro.md) _Context: European Union, Treaty of Lisbon, the second Irish referendum_
2. [ Treaty of Lisbon:. Ireland approves the European Union-s Treaty of Lisbon by a margin of 67.1% to 32.9% in a second referendum. ](/news/2009/10/3/treaty-of-lisbon-ireland-approves-the-european-union-s-treaty-of-lisbon-by-a-margin-of-67-1-to-32-9-in-a-second-referendum.md) _Context: European Union, Treaty of Lisbon, the second Irish referendum_
3. [ Treaty of Lisbon:. Czech President Vaclav Klaus says he is "adamant" Irish voters will reject the European Union's Treaty of Lisbon when they vote on it again in the country's 2 October referendum, meaning his unwillingness to sign the treaty will be justified. ](/news/2009/09/24/treaty-of-lisbon-czech-president-va-clav-klaus-says-he-is-adamant-irish-voters-will-reject-the-european-union-s-treaty-of-lisbon-when-t.md) _Context: European Union, Treaty of Lisbon, the second Irish referendum_
4. [ French foreign minister Bernard Kouchner warns Ireland, saying the Irish would be the "first victim" if they reject the EU Treaty of Lisbon. ](/news/2008/06/9/french-foreign-minister-bernard-kouchner-warns-ireland-saying-the-irish-would-be-the-first-victim-if-they-reject-the-eu-treaty-of-lisbon.md) _Context: European Union, Treaty of Lisbon, the second Irish referendum_
5. [ Irish voters reject the Treaty of Lisbon in a referendum, thus putting into question the reform programme of the European Union. ](/news/2008/06/13/irish-voters-reject-the-treaty-of-lisbon-in-a-referendum-thus-putting-into-question-the-reform-programme-of-the-european-union.md) _Context: European Union, Treaty of Lisbon, the second Irish referendum_
6. [ Irish voters go to the polls for the Twenty-eighth Amendment of the Constitution of Ireland to enable ratification of the Treaty of Lisbon of the European Union. ](/news/2008/06/12/irish-voters-go-to-the-polls-for-the-twenty-eighth-amendment-of-the-constitution-of-ireland-to-enable-ratification-of-the-treaty-of-lisbon.md) _Context: European Union, Treaty of Lisbon, the second Irish referendum_
7. [European Union leaders agree to reform of the Treaty of Lisbon to keep member states budget deficits in line at a two-day summit in Brussels, Belgium. ](/news/2010/10/29/european-union-leaders-agree-to-reform-of-the-treaty-of-lisbon-to-keep-member-states-budget-deficits-in-line-at-a-two-day-summit-in-brussels.md) _Context: European Union, Treaty of Lisbon_
8. [ The Treaty of Lisbon enters into force:. The European Union now has legal personality and has acquired the competences previously conferred on the European Community. Community law therefore becomes European Union law. ](/news/2009/12/1/the-treaty-of-lisbon-enters-into-force-the-european-union-now-has-legal-personality-and-has-acquired-the-competences-previously-conferred.md) _Context: European Union, Treaty of Lisbon_
9. [ European Union / Three new positions created by the Treaty of Lisbon:. The Prime Minister of Belgium, Herman Van Rompuy, is chosen as the first permanent President of the European Council by European Union leaders. ](/news/2009/11/19/european-union-three-new-positions-created-by-the-treaty-of-lisbon-the-prime-minister-of-belgium-herman-van-rompuy-is-chosen-as-the-f.md) _Context: European Union, Treaty of Lisbon_
10. [ Pressure increases on the Czech and Polish nations to approve the Treaty of Lisbon; Polish President Lech Kaczynski is expected to sign it following the second Irish referendum but Czech President Vaclav Klaus continues to decline. ](/news/2009/10/4/pressure-increases-on-the-czech-and-polish-nations-to-approve-the-treaty-of-lisbon-polish-president-lech-kaczyaski-is-expected-to-sign-it.md) _Context: Treaty of Lisbon, the second Irish referendum_
