### [2014-08-30](/news/2014/08/30/index.md)

# Brazilian general election, 2014. Environmentalist Marina Silva widens a sudden lead in opinion polls over current president Dilma Rousseff to 10 percentage points. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/08/30/us-brazil-election-idUSKBN0GT2N420140830)

### Related:

1. [Corruption in Brazil. Brazil's Superior Electoral Court reopens the illegal campaign funding case against President Michel Temer, who was the vice presidential candidate on former President Dilma Rousseff's ticket in 2014. Temer became president in August 2016 when Rousseff was impeached, and could be unseated if the court annuls the Rousseff-Temer election victory. ](/news/2017/06/6/corruption-in-brazil-brazil-s-superior-electoral-court-reopens-the-illegal-campaign-funding-case-against-president-michel-temer-who-was-th.md) _Context: 2014, Dilma Rousseff_
2. [2015-16 protests in Brazil. Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff. A committee of Brazil's Chamber of Deputies votes 38-27 to recommend the impeachment of President Dilma Rousseff, who faces charges of breaking budget laws to support her re-election in 2014. ](/news/2016/04/11/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-a-committee-of-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-votes-38-27-to-recomme.md) _Context: 2014, Dilma Rousseff_
3. [Brazilian general election, 2014. Voters in Brazil go to the polls for the second round of a presidential election with incumbent President Dilma Rousseff re-elected. ](/news/2014/10/26/brazilian-general-election-2014-voters-in-brazil-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-a-presidential-election-with-incumbent-president.md) _Context: 2014, Dilma Rousseff_
4. [Brazilian general election, 2014. Environmentalist Marina Silva, who came third in the first round of the presidential elections, decides to back centre-right candidate Aecio Neves following an open letter from Neves to the nation where he promises to include in his manifesto issues such as land reform, the demarcation of indigenous lands, the rights of rural communities and environmental concerns. ](/news/2014/10/13/brazilian-general-election-2014-environmentalist-marina-silva-who-came-third-in-the-first-round-of-the-presidential-elections-decides-to.md) _Context: 2014, Marina Silva_
5. [Brazilian presidential election, 2014. The internationally-acclaimed environmental campaigner Marina Silva replaces Eduardo Campos, who died in a plane crash on August 13, as the presidential candidate of the Brazilian Socialist Party, with polls suggesting she could surpass Aecio Neves in the first round and current president Dilma Rousseff in the second. ](/news/2014/08/21/brazilian-presidential-election-2014-the-internationally-acclaimed-environmental-campaigner-marina-silva-replaces-eduardo-campos-who-died.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff, Marina Silva_
6. [Corruption in Brazil. The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court releases a plea bargain testimony from JBS S.A., revealing that the company paid 500 million reais in bribes to politicians, including current President Michel Temer and his predecessors Dilma and Lula. ](/news/2017/05/19/corruption-in-brazil-the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-releases-a-plea-bargain-testimony-from-jbs-s-a-revealing-that-the-company-paid-5.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff_
7. [Impeachment of Dilma Rousseff. President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff is removed from office by a vote of 61-20 in the Senate. Current Acting President Michel Temer will serve out the remainder of her term, which ends January 1, 2019. ](/news/2016/08/31/impeachment-of-dilma-rousseff-president-of-brazil-dilma-rousseff-is-removed-from-office-by-a-vote-of-61-20-in-the-senate-current-acting.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff_
8. [Impeachment of Dilma Rousseff. The Senate postpones the impeachment vote on suspended President Dilma Rousseff to Wednesday. ](/news/2016/08/30/impeachment-of-dilma-rousseff-the-senate-postpones-the-impeachment-vote-on-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff-to-wednesday.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff_
9. [Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff. Brazil's Federal Senate begins the impeachment trial of suspended President Dilma Rousseff. ](/news/2016/08/25/impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-brazil-s-federal-senate-begins-the-impeachment-trial-of-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff_
10. [Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff. Brazil's Federal Senate votes 59 to 21 to indict suspended President Dilma Rousseff on charges of breaking budget laws and put her on trial. ](/news/2016/08/10/impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-brazil-s-federal-senate-votes-59-to-21-to-indict-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff-on-charges-o.md) _Context: Dilma Rousseff_
