### [2014-08-30](/news/2014/08/30/index.md)

# Donald Tusk, the Prime Minister of Poland, is chosen as the President of the European Council, while Federica Mogherini is chosen as the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy. 

Poland&amp;#39;s prime minister Donald Tusk has been chosen by European Union leaders to become the new president of the European Council. 


### Source:

1. [France 24](http://www.france24.com/en/breaking/20140830-european-union-appoints-polands-donald-tusk-council-president-italys-federica-mogherini-foreign-poli/?ns_campaign=al_en&ns_mchannel=email_marketing&ns_source=AL_20140830_1945&ns_linkname=20140830_breaking_news&ns_fee=0&f24_member_id=1080960490882)
2. [ITV](http://www.itv.com/news/update/2014-08-30/polish-pm-donald-tusk-chosen-as-new-eu-council-head/)

### Related:

1. [Aftermath of the United Kingdom European Union membership referendum, 2016: President of the European Council Donald Tusk states that the UK could begin its formal process of withdrawing from the European Union early next year, after a meeting with Prime Minister Theresa May last week. ](/news/2016/09/17/aftermath-of-the-united-kingdom-european-union-membership-referendum-2016-president-of-the-european-council-donald-tusk-states-that-the-uk.md) _Context: Donald Tusk, President of the European Council_
2. [European migrant crisis: German Chancellor Angela Merkel, European Council President Donald Tusk, and European Commission Vice-President Frans Timmermans meet with Syrian refugees at a camp in the southeastern Turkish town of Nizip prior to talks with a delegation led by Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. Davutoglu stresses the importance of implementation of European Union visa liberalization for Turkish citizens in assuring the success of Europe's migrant readmission agreement with his country. Tusk announces that the EU will spend 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) this summer on projects to improve the lives of Syrian migrants. ](/news/2016/04/23/european-migrant-crisis-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-european-council-president-donald-tusk-and-european-commission-vice-president-fra.md) _Context: Donald Tusk, President of the European Council_
3. [Iran-European Union relations: EU Foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini holds the highest-level talks between the EU and Iran in decades to mark a new phase in relations between the two. Both sides are keen to focus on trade, energy and the environment as possible areas of cooperation. ](/news/2016/04/16/iran-european-union-relations-eu-foreign-policy-chief-federica-mogherini-holds-the-highest-level-talks-between-the-eu-and-iran-in-decades.md) _Context: Federica Mogherini, Foreign policy chief_
4. [European migrant crisis: European Union president Donald Tusk and Swedish Prime Minister Stefan Lofven, in a joint news conference, announce Sweden will ask to transfer some migrants to other European countries under an EU relocation plan. Sweden has taken the highest number of asylum-seekers per capita in the 28-member bloc. ](/news/2015/11/4/european-migrant-crisis-european-union-president-donald-tusk-and-swedish-prime-minister-stefan-lapfva-c-n-in-a-joint-news-conference-announ.md) _Context: Donald Tusk, President of the European Council_
5. [Former Polish prime minister Donald Tusk becomes the second full-time President of the European Union. ](/news/2014/12/1/former-polish-prime-minister-donald-tusk-becomes-the-second-full-time-president-of-the-european-union.md) _Context: Donald Tusk, President of the European Council_
6. [Prime Minister of Poland Donald Tusk is hospitalized with an acute infection of the respiratory tract. ](/news/2013/01/24/prime-minister-of-poland-donald-tusk-is-hospitalized-with-an-acute-infection-of-the-respiratory-tract.md) _Context: Donald Tusk, Polish Prime Minister_
7. [Voters in Poland go to the polls for a parliamentary election, with Prime Minister Donald Tusk's Civic Platform - Polish People's Party coalition becoming the first government to be reelected since Poland transitioned to democracy in 1989. ](/news/2011/10/9/voters-in-poland-go-to-the-polls-for-a-parliamentary-election-with-prime-minister-donald-tusk-s-civic-platform-polish-people-s-party-co.md) _Context: Donald Tusk, Polish Prime Minister_
8. [ Donald Tusk, the Prime Minister of Poland, announces that the United States and Poland have reached an agreement on basing missile defense in Poland. ](/news/2008/08/14/donald-tusk-the-prime-minister-of-poland-announces-that-the-united-states-and-poland-have-reached-an-agreement-on-basing-missile-defense.md) _Context: Donald Tusk, Polish Prime Minister_
9. [ Donald Tusk, leader of the Civic Platform party, is sworn in as Prime Minister of Poland in coalition with the Polish People's Party. ](/news/2007/11/16/donald-tusk-leader-of-the-civic-platform-party-is-sworn-in-as-prime-minister-of-poland-in-coalition-with-the-polish-people-s-party.md) _Context: Donald Tusk, Polish Prime Minister_
10. [Polish Prime Minister Beata Szydlo is injured in a car crash in her hometown, Oswiecim, Poland. Mrs. Szydlo is in good condition in a Warsaw hospital. ](/news/2017/02/10/polish-prime-minister-beata-szydao-is-injured-in-a-car-crash-in-her-hometown-oawiacim-poland-mrs-szydao-is-in-good-condition-in-a-wa.md) _Context: Polish Prime Minister_
