### [2014-08-30](/news/2014/08/30/index.md)

# United States Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell's campaign manager Jesse Benton resigns after being involved in an alleged bribery scandal involving Iowa state Senator Kent Sorenson switching his support from Michele Bachmann to Ron Paul in the United States presidential election, 2012. 




### Source:

1. [The Huffington Post](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2014/08/29/jesse-benton-mitch-mcconnell-resign_n_5739396.html)

### Related:

1. [Voters in the U.S. state of Iowa go to the polls for electoral caucuses, with Mitt Romney defeating Rick Santorum by 8 votes in the Republican Party contest, and Ron Paul following in third place. ](/news/2012/01/3/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-iowa-go-to-the-polls-for-electoral-caucuses-with-mitt-romney-defeating-rick-santorum-by-8-votes-in-the-republic.md) _Context: Iowa, Ron Paul_
2. [The first electoral contest of the 2012 United States Presidential election takes place in the Iowa town of Ames with the Ames Straw Poll for Republican Party candidates with Michele Bachmann emerging as the winner. ](/news/2011/08/13/the-first-electoral-contest-of-the-2012-united-states-presidential-election-takes-place-in-the-iowa-town-of-ames-with-the-ames-straw-poll-fo.md) _Context: Iowa, Michele Bachmann_
3. [ California moves its 2020 presidential primary to March 3, making it fifth in the nominating process after Iowa, New Hampshire, Nevada, and South Carolina. The 2016 primary was held on June 7. ](/news/2017/09/27/california-moves-its-2020-presidential-primary-to-march-3-making-it-fifth-in-the-nominating-process-after-iowa-new-hampshire-nevada-and.md) _Context: Iowa_
4. [The U.S. Republican Party's leadership, facing strong opposition to the Senate version of H.R. 1628, the American Health Care Act of 2017, postpones the planned vote on the bill, a setback to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. ](/news/2017/06/27/the-u-s-republican-party-s-leadership-facing-strong-opposition-to-the-senate-version-of-h-r-1628-the-american-health-care-act-of-2017-p.md) _Context: Mitch McConnell_
5. [An Austrian court grants a United States request to extradite Ukrainian businessman Dmytro Firtash. U.S. officials accuse Firtash of being involved in a scandal where he allegedly paid US$18.5 million in bribes for a permit to mine titanium in India, something Firtash denies. ](/news/2017/02/21/an-austrian-court-grants-a-united-states-request-to-extradite-ukrainian-businessman-dmytro-firtash-u-s-officials-accuse-firtash-of-being-i.md) _Context: bribes_
6. [A judge in Peru issues an arrest warrant for former President Alejandro Toledo for allegedly receiving US$20 million in bribes from Odebrecht, a Brazilian construction company, in exchange for a contract deal to build a transoceanic highway between Brazil and the Peruvian coast. Toledo denies any wrongdoing. ](/news/2017/02/10/a-judge-in-peru-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-president-alejandro-toledo-for-allegedly-receiving-us-20-million-in-bribes-from-odebrech.md) _Context: bribes_
7. [The U.S. Senate confirms former U.S. labor secretary and deputy transportation secretary Elaine Chao as Secretary of Transportation. Chao is married to Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell. ](/news/2017/01/31/the-u-s-senate-confirms-former-u-s-labor-secretary-and-deputy-transportation-secretary-elaine-chao-as-secretary-of-transportation-chao-is.md) _Context: Mitch McConnell_
8. [President-elect Donald Trump names Tom Price as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services; former President George W. Bush Administration official and wife of Mitch McConnell Elaine Chao as United States Secretary of Transportation; ](/news/2016/11/29/president-elect-donald-trump-names-tom-price-as-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-services-former-president-george-w-bush-admini.md) _Context: Mitch McConnell_
9. [The Obama administration through federal prosecutors announces corruption charges against nine defendants, including a former close aide to New York Governor Andrew Cuomo, over their roles in alleged bribery and fraud schemes tied to the awarding of large state contracts and other activities. ](/news/2016/09/22/the-obama-administration-through-federal-prosecutors-announces-corruption-charges-against-nine-defendants-including-a-former-close-aide-to.md) _Context: bribes_
10. [Ling Jihua, former top aide to paramount leader Hu Jintao, is sentenced to life in prison for illegally obtaining state secrets and taking over $11 million in bribes. Ling's misfortunes started when he was accused of trying to cover up a scandal connected to his 23-year-old son's deadly crash in a Ferrari in 2012. ](/news/2016/07/4/ling-jihua-former-top-aide-to-paramount-leader-hu-jintao-is-sentenced-to-life-in-prison-for-illegally-obtaining-state-secrets-and-taking-o.md) _Context: bribes_
