### [2002-07-10](/news/2002/07/10/index.md)

#  Michel Brunet, a paleontologist at the University of Poitiers, France, announced in the journal ''Nature'' that a 7-million-year-old skull found in the desert of Chad is the earliest hominid fossil ever found. But he was immediately met by a firestorm of criticism from other scientists who claim that it is merely the skull of an ape, possibly a proto-gorilla.




### Related:

1. [ A report published in the journal ''Nature'' says a 365 million-year-old fossil of a four-legged fish found in Latvia sheds new light on the process of evolution. The creature, named ''Ventastega curonica'', had a fish-like body but the head of an animal more suited to land than water. ](/news/2008/06/26/a-report-published-in-the-journal-nature-says-a-365-million-year-old-fossil-of-a-four-legged-fish-found-in-latvia-sheds-new-light-on-th.md) _Context: Nature, fossil_
2. [ In the journal ''Nature'', anthropologist Milford Wolpoff and colleagues at the University of Michigan argued that the fossil skull discovered in Chad in July is not that of an early human, but of an ape. ](/news/2002/10/10/in-the-journal-nature-anthropologist-milford-wolpoff-and-colleagues-at-the-university-of-michigan-argued-that-the-fossil-skull-discove.md) _Context: Chad, Nature_
3. [Arms trader Jacques Monsieur is to defend himself again at a Brussels court against accusations of arms trafficking to Libya, Chad, Guinea-Bissau, Pakistan and Iran between 2006 and 2009. ](/news/2017/04/21/arms-trader-jacques-monsieur-is-to-defend-himself-again-at-a-brussels-court-against-accusations-of-arms-trafficking-to-libya-chad-guinea-b.md) _Context: Chad_
4. [ A research team led by an evolutionary biologist at the University of Arizona publishes a paper in ''Nature'' on the genetic history of HIV proving that Gaetan Dugas, the Canadian flight attendant who had been identified for years as "Patient Zero" of the AIDS epidemic in the U.S., did not spread the virus to the country. The study indicates that HIV first spread to the U.S. from the Caribbean around 1970. ](/news/2016/10/26/a-research-team-led-by-an-evolutionary-biologist-at-the-university-of-arizona-publishes-a-paper-in-nature-on-the-genetic-history-of-hiv.md) _Context: Nature_
5. [The journal ''Scientific Reports'' publishes research from a team, led by Australian Age of Dinosaurs Museum's Stephen Poropat, reporting the discovery of a new Australian dinosaur species, ''Savannasaurus elliottorum'', using fossils first found in 2005 at Winton, Queensland, Australia. ](/news/2016/10/20/the-journal-scientific-reports-publishes-research-from-a-team-led-by-australian-age-of-dinosaurs-museum-s-stephen-poropat-reporting-th.md) _Context: fossil_
6. [A study published in Nature finds the Earth's surface is warmer than it has been in about 120,000 years, and is locked into eventually hitting its hottest mark in more than 2 million years. ](/news/2016/09/26/a-study-published-in-nature-finds-the-earth-s-surface-is-warmer-than-it-has-been-in-about-120-000-years-and-is-locked-into-eventually-hitti.md) _Context: Nature_
7. [The oldest fossil (stromatolite) that had life is discovered in the melting snow at the Isua Greenstone Belt of Greenland. ](/news/2016/08/31/the-oldest-fossil-stromatolite-that-had-life-is-discovered-in-the-melting-snow-at-the-isua-greenstone-belt-of-greenland.md) _Context: fossil_
8. [  Hissene Habre, ex president of Chad, is sentenced to life in prison for ordering rape, sexual slavery and killings during his rule from 1982 to 1990. ](/news/2016/05/30/hissene-habre-ex-president-of-chad-is-sentenced-to-life-in-prison-for-ordering-rape-sexual-slavery-and-killings-during-his-rule-from-19.md) _Context: Chad_
9. [Researchers report in the journal Nature the discovery of three potentially habitable, Earth-like exoplanets  orbiting TRAPPIST-1, an ultracool dwarf star 40 light-years away in the constellation Aquarius. ](/news/2016/05/2/researchers-report-in-the-journal-nature-the-discovery-of-three-potentially-habitable-earth-like-exoplanets-orbiting-trappist-1-an-ultrac.md) _Context: Nature_
10. [Voters in Chad go to the polls for the first round of voting in a presidential election with incumbent President Idriss Deby favoured to win a fifth term. ](/news/2016/04/10/voters-in-chad-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-round-of-voting-in-a-presidential-election-with-incumbent-president-idriss-da-c-by-favoured-to-wi.md) _Context: Chad_
