### [2008-03-3](/news/2008/03/3/index.md)

#  A Pentagon report to the United States Congress states that the Peoples Republic of China's reluctance to explain the extent and purpose of its military buildup poses a risk to stability in Asia. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5jZZKrQszTnCrVHedQoazSUulMrvAD8V64FGO0)

### Related:

1. [New trials are reported to be starting soon at Guantanamo Bay after the United States Congress blocks President of the United States Barack Obama's attempts to close the prison; The Pentagon refuses to comment. ](/news/2011/01/20/new-trials-are-reported-to-be-starting-soon-at-guanta-namo-bay-after-the-united-states-congress-blocks-president-of-the-united-states-barack.md) _Context: United States Congress, United States military_
2. [United States sanctions: Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/united-states-sanctions-negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea.md) _Context: United States Congress_
3. [Presidency of Donald Trump: Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution-s emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/presidency-of-donald-trump-nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-cl.md) _Context: United States Congress_
4. [Battle of Mosul: The United States military reports that their investigation found 105 civilians were killed and 36 people are still missing from the bombing of a Mosul building on March 17. ](/news/2017/05/25/battle-of-mosul-the-united-states-military-reports-that-their-investigation-found-105-civilians-were-killed-and-36-people-are-still-missing.md) _Context: United States military_
5. [LGBT rights in Taiwan: After the Supreme Court rules in favor, same-sex-marriage is on its way to being legalized in Taiwan, the first country in Asia to do so. ](/news/2017/05/24/lgbt-rights-in-taiwan-after-the-supreme-court-rules-in-favor-same-sex-marriage-is-on-its-way-to-being-legalized-in-taiwan-the-first-count.md) _Context: Asia_
6. [2017 United States federal budget: U.S. Congressional negotiators reach a bipartisan agreement on the FY 2017 federal government budget that, once approved by both Houses, will fund the entire fiscal year through September 30. The current spending authorization expires Friday, May 5. ](/news/2017/04/30/2017-united-states-federal-budget-u-s-congressional-negotiators-reach-a-bipartisan-agreement-on-the-fy-2017-federal-government-budget-that.md) _Context: United States Congress_
7. [Timeline of Mars exploration: U.S. Congress passes a bill that mandates NASA send humans to Mars by 2033. ](/news/2017/03/8/timeline-of-mars-exploration-u-s-congress-passes-a-bill-that-mandates-nasa-send-humans-to-mars-by-2033.md) _Context: United States Congress_
8. [The United States House of Representatives votes in favor of legislation that approves preliminary budgetary measures for the United States Congress to begin repealing the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, colloquially known as Obamacare. ](/news/2017/01/13/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-legislation-that-approves-preliminary-budgetary-measures-for-the-united-states.md) _Context: United States Congress_
9. [Hillary Clinton email controversy: Federal Bureau of Investigation chief James Comey tells the United States Congress that he has found no evidence of criminality by Hillary Clinton in relation to a new batch of emails. ](/news/2016/11/6/hillary-clinton-email-controversy-federal-bureau-of-investigation-chief-james-comey-tells-the-united-states-congress-that-he-has-found-no-e.md) _Context: United States Congress_
10. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic: The World Health Organization warns that the Zika virus will continue to spread across Asia with cases already reported in Singapore and Thailand. ](/news/2016/10/11/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-the-world-health-organization-warns-that-the-zika-virus-will-continue-to-spread-across-asia-with-cases-alread.md) _Context: Asia_
