### [2008-03-3](/news/2008/03/3/index.md)

#  Albertans go to the polls in a provincial general election, electing an eleventh straight Progressive Conservative government. 




### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/canada/albertavotes2008/story/2008/03/03/election-call.html)

### Related:

1. [Alberta general election, 2015: Voters in the Canadian province of Alberta go to the polls with the New Democratic Party, led by Rachel Notley, winning a majority of seats in the Legislative Assembly for the first time ever. The Progressive Conservative Party, which had ruled for more than 40 years, not only loses its majority, but also finishes behind the Wildrose Party. ](/news/2015/05/5/alberta-general-election-2015-voters-in-the-canadian-province-of-alberta-go-to-the-polls-with-the-new-democratic-party-led-by-rachel-notl.md) _Context: Alberta, Progressive Conservative Party_
2. [Voters in the Canadian province of Alberta go to the polls for a general election with the incumbent Progressive Conservatives being reelected. ](/news/2012/04/23/voters-in-the-canadian-province-of-alberta-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-with-the-incumbent-progressive-conservatives-being-reelect.md) _Context: Alberta, Progressive Conservative Party_
3. [Alison Redford of the Progressive Conservatives is sworn in as the first female Premier of the Canadian province of Alberta. ](/news/2011/10/7/alison-redford-of-the-progressive-conservatives-is-sworn-in-as-the-first-female-premier-of-the-canadian-province-of-alberta.md) _Context: Alberta, Progressive Conservative Party_
4. [ Ed Stelmach is elected leader of the Progressive Conservative Association of Alberta and will become the next premier of Alberta, replacing outgoing leader Ralph Klein and defeating competitors Jim Dinning and Ted Morton. ](/news/2006/12/2/ed-stelmach-is-elected-leader-of-the-progressive-conservative-association-of-alberta-and-will-become-the-next-premier-of-alberta-replacing.md) _Context: Alberta, Progressive Conservative Party_
5. [ In the Canadian province of Alberta, the Progressive Conservative party under Premier Ralph Klein is re-elected to a 10th consecutive term, and the fourth for Klein. The PCs drop to from 74 to 60 seats in the 83-seat legislature.](/news/2004/11/22/in-the-canadian-province-of-alberta-the-progressive-conservative-party-under-premier-ralph-klein-is-re-elected-to-a-10th-consecutive-term.md) _Context: Alberta, Progressive Conservative Party_
6. [ Albertan MLA Gary Masyk blames Premier Ralph Klein for causing the defeat of the Conservative Party of Canada in the 2004 federal election, and leaves the Progressive Conservative Party for the newly formed Alberta Alliance.](/news/2004/06/29/albertan-mla-gary-masyk-blames-premier-ralph-klein-for-causing-the-defeat-of-the-conservative-party-of-canada-in-the-2004-federal-election.md) _Context: Alberta, Progressive Conservative Party_
7. [A herd of Plains bison are successfully reintroduced to the Banff National Park in Alberta, Canada, more than 100 years after they were nearly hunted out of existence. ](/news/2017/02/6/a-herd-of-plains-bison-are-successfully-reintroduced-to-the-banff-national-park-in-alberta-canada-more-than-100-years-after-they-were-near.md) _Context: Alberta_
8. [Residents return to Fort McMurray for the first time since May 1. A couple thousand firefighters, from as far away as South Africa, continue to battle the 5,800 square kilometer (3,603 square mile) Canadian blaze that has crossed the Alberta border into Saskatchewan. ](/news/2016/06/1/residents-return-to-fort-mcmurray-for-the-first-time-since-may-1-a-couple-thousand-firefighters-from-as-far-away-as-south-africa-continue.md) _Context: Alberta_
9. [The western Canadian province of Alberta declares a state of emergency as devastating wildfires, fed by unseasonably hot temperatures and dry conditions, grow to five times their initial size. The mandatory evacuation order expands to include the communities of Anzac, Gregoire Lake Estates, and Fort McMurray First Nation, forcing thousands who had just resettled to move again. ](/news/2016/05/5/the-western-canadian-province-of-alberta-declares-a-state-of-emergency-as-devastating-wildfires-fed-by-unseasonably-hot-temperatures-and-dr.md) _Context: Alberta_
10. [A mandatory evacuation order for more than 29,000 people remains in place for the Canadian town of Fort McMurray, Alberta, which is threatened by an out of control wildfire. ](/news/2016/05/3/a-mandatory-evacuation-order-for-more-than-29-000-people-remains-in-place-for-the-canadian-town-of-fort-mcmurray-alberta-which-is-threaten.md) _Context: Alberta_
