### [2014-06-23](/news/2014/06/23/index.md)

# Israeli Air Force planes carry out a series of air strikes in Syria following an attack on Sunday that caused the death of an Israeli teenager. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://www.bigstory.ap.org/article/israeli-vehicle-explodes-near-syrian-frontier)

### Related:

1. [The Israeli Air Force resumes bombing against suspected Hezbollah-related targets in Syria, with a fourth round of bombings occurring near military sites near Damascus. ](/news/2017/03/22/the-israeli-air-force-resumes-bombing-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-in-syria-with-a-fourth-round-of-bombings-occurring-near-m.md) _Context: Israeli Air Force, Syria_
2. [The Israeli Air Force launches several airstrikes on targets inside Syria, and for the first time, publicly claims responsibility. Syrian air defenses responded by launching missiles at the aircraft, and thereupon Israeli Arrow 3 missiles were launched in response to the counter-offensive. Israel stated that it was targeting suspected weapons shipments to Hezbollah in Lebanon, adding that the Israeli military will keep intervening until they believe such shipments have ceased. According to the Syrian Army, four Israeli jets entered its airspace and struck targets near Palmyra. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-israeli-air-force-launches-several-airstrikes-on-targets-inside-syria-and-for-the-first-time-publicly-claims-responsibility-syrian-ai.md) _Context: Israeli Air Force, Syria_
3. [The Israeli Air Force reportedly conducts an airstrike near Damascus International Airport, in Syria's capital, the target apparently a weapons shipment reportedly intended for Lebanese terrorist organization Hezbollah, according to Syrian opposition groups. ](/news/2015/11/11/the-israeli-air-force-reportedly-conducts-an-airstrike-near-damascus-international-airport-in-syria-s-capital-the-target-apparently-a-weap.md) _Context: Israeli Air Force, Syria_
4. [A Russian lieutenant general, Valery Asapov, is killed by mortar fire from ISIL militants near the city of Deir ez-Zor, according to the Russian Defence Ministry. Asapov has been described as one of the senior Russian military advisers in Syria. ](/news/2017/09/24/a-russian-lieutenant-general-valery-asapov-is-killed-by-mortar-fire-from-isil-militants-near-the-city-of-deir-ez-zor-according-to-the-rus.md) _Context: Syria_
5. [Russian and Syrian warplanes carry out airstrikes in southern Idlib, killing three civilians and wounding others. ](/news/2017/09/21/russian-and-syrian-warplanes-carry-out-airstrikes-in-southern-idlib-killing-three-civilians-and-wounding-others.md) _Context: Syria_
6. [ISIL militants and their families, estimated to be around 600 people, begin to leave their strongholds on the Lebanon-Syria border and Qalamun Mountains for the Deir ez-Zor Governorate under Syrian military escort. A ceasefire was reached between warring parties yesterday. ](/news/2017/08/28/isil-militants-and-their-families-estimated-to-be-around-600-people-begin-to-leave-their-strongholds-on-the-lebanonasyria-border-and-qal.md) _Context: Syria_
7. [Seven members of the White Helmets are shot dead by unidentified gunmen who stormed their office in rebel-held Sarmin, in northwestern Syria. ](/news/2017/08/12/seven-members-of-the-white-helmets-are-shot-dead-by-unidentified-gunmen-who-stormed-their-office-in-rebel-held-sarmin-in-northwestern-syria.md) _Context: Syria_
8. [The Russian air force bombards the city of Madan and Zor Shamr Camp, south and east of Raqqa, Syria, with cluster bombs, killing six civilians and wounding 19 others. Nearby Alburamadan town was also struck; there are no reports of casualties. ](/news/2017/07/23/the-russian-air-force-bombards-the-city-of-madan-and-zor-shamr-camp-south-and-east-of-raqqa-syria-with-cluster-bombs-killing-six-civilia.md) _Context: Syria_
9. [A man who was yelling "This is for Syria" while attacking a police officer with a hammer near Notre-Dame de Paris, France is shot and wounded by another officer. Prosecutors open a terrorism probe. ](/news/2017/06/6/a-man-who-was-yelling-this-is-for-syria-while-attacking-a-police-officer-with-a-hammer-near-notre-dame-de-paris-france-is-shot-and-wounde.md) _Context: Syria_
10. [ Lebanese Armed Forces are attacked by five suicide bombers and other militants during a raid of two Syrian refugee camps in Arsal near the Syrian border. The army reports a girl was killed in one of the suicide attacks, seven soldiers were also wounded, and 350 people, including several ISIL officials, were detained during the sweep. ](/news/2017/06/30/lebanese-armed-forces-are-attacked-by-five-suicide-bombers-and-other-militants-during-a-raid-of-two-syrian-refugee-camps-in-arsal-near-the.md) _Context: Syria_
