### [2016-05-20](/news/2016/05/20/index.md)

# Accession of Montenegro to NATO. The Kremlin condemns NATO's membership invitation to Montenegro, warning the step risks fueling geopolitical tensions in Europe. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-russia-nato-montenegro-idUSKCN0YB0W2)

### Related:

1. [Accession of Montenegro to NATO. The Parliament of Montenegro votes 46-0 to ratify Montenegro's membership of NATO, while opposition politicians boycott the vote and hold protests. ](/news/2017/04/28/accession-of-montenegro-to-nato-the-parliament-of-montenegro-votes-46-0-to-ratify-montenegro-s-membership-of-nato-while-opposition-polit.md) _Context: Accession of Montenegro to NATO, Montenegro, NATO_
2. [Accession of Montenegro to NATO. Montenegro and NATO sign an accession agreement, paving the way for the country's future entry into the military alliance. All of NATO's members must now ratify the agreement, with Prime Minister Milo Dukanovic expecting Montenegro to join by mid 2017. ](/news/2016/05/19/accession-of-montenegro-to-nato-montenegro-and-nato-sign-an-accession-agreement-paving-the-way-for-the-country-s-future-entry-into-the-mil.md) _Context: Accession of Montenegro to NATO, Montenegro, NATO_
3. [Pro-Russian opposition parties protest against Montenegro's NATO membership, demanding a referendum on the issue. ](/news/2015/12/12/pro-russian-opposition-parties-protest-against-montenegro-s-nato-membership-demanding-a-referendum-on-the-issue.md) _Context: Accession of Montenegro to NATO, Montenegro, NATO_
4. [Montenegro-NATO relations. Montenegro officially joins NATO as its 29th member at a ceremony in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2017/06/5/montenegro-nato-relations-montenegro-officially-joins-nato-as-its-29th-member-at-a-ceremony-in-washington-d-c.md) _Context: Montenegro, NATO_
5. [Enlargement of NATO. NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg announces the invitation sent to Montenegro to join the military alliance, 16 years after the country, as part of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, was bombed by the alliance in the Kosovo War. Montenegro's accession would result in "retaliatory actions", according to a spokesman for Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2015/12/2/enlargement-of-nato-nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-announces-the-invitation-sent-to-montenegro-to-join-the-military-alliance-16-y.md) _Context: Montenegro, NATO_
6. [2015 anti-government protest in Montenegro. Thousands protest and clash with police in Montenegro's capital Podgorica, demanding the immediate resignation of Prime Minister Milo Dukanovic. Dukanovic has rejected calls to resign and has accused the opposition of trying to prevent the country's NATO membership, saying he is convinced Russia is behind the unrest. ](/news/2015/10/24/2015-anti-government-protest-in-montenegro-thousands-protest-and-clash-with-police-in-montenegro-s-capital-podgorica-demanding-the-immedia.md) _Context: Montenegro, NATO_
7. [Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons. The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-12.md) _Context: NATO_
8. [Russia-United States relations. Iran-United States relations. The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/russia-united-states-relations-iran-united-states-relations-the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping.md) _Context: NATO_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). A suicide bombing attack on a NATO convoy in Kabul kills eight civilians and wounds at least 28 people. ](/news/2017/05/3/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bombing-attack-on-a-nato-convoy-in-kabul-kills-eight-civilians-and-wounds-at-least-28-people.md) _Context: NATO_
10. [United Kingdom-United States relations. 2017 Brussels summit. British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-2017-brussels-summit-british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connec.md) _Context: NATO_
