### [2016-05-20](/news/2016/05/20/index.md)

# Iraqi Army forces helped by U.S. airstrikes recapture the southwestern city of Ar-Rutbah from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant group. The victory will allow for the re-opening of the Baghdad-Amman highway. 

US military officials say the small town in the country&#39;s southwestern region retaken with little resistance from ISIL.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/05/iraqi-forces-capture-rutba-isil-160520085115084.html)

### Related:

1. [ISIL recaptures the western Iraqi town of Ar-Rutbah, which it previously withdrew from in May. ](/news/2016/10/24/isil-recaptures-the-western-iraqi-town-of-ar-rutbah-which-it-previously-withdrew-from-in-may.md) _Context: Ar-Rutbah, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State, previously withdrew_
2. [A car bomb explodes in a Shi'ite neighbourhood in Baghdad, killing at least 48 people. ISIL claimed responsibility for the bombing. ](/news/2017/02/16/a-car-bomb-explodes-in-a-shi-ite-neighbourhood-in-baghdad-killing-at-least-48-people-isil-claimed-responsibility-for-the-bombing.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State_
3. [ At least 64 people are killed and 87 injured in a bomb attack on a market in Sadr City, Baghdad. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIS) claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/05/11/at-least-64-people-are-killed-and-87-injured-in-a-bomb-attack-on-a-market-in-sadr-city-baghdad-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-isis.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State_
4. [During a visit to Baghdad, U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter announces  that the United States will be sending more troops to the country to help in the fight against ISIL. The U.S. also plans to give Kurdish Peshmerga forces, which are fighting ISIL on the ground, more than $400m (PS280m; EUR350m) in assistance. ](/news/2016/04/18/during-a-visit-to-baghdad-u-s-defense-secretary-ash-carter-announces-that-the-united-states-will-be-sending-more-troops-to-the-country-to.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State_
5. [A suicide bomber kills at least 60 people and wounds 70 others after ramming his explosives-laden truck into a security checkpoint at one of the entrances to the Iraqi city of Hillah, south of Baghdad. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/03/6/a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-60-people-and-wounds-70-others-after-ramming-his-explosives-laden-truck-into-a-security-checkpoint-at-one-of.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State_
6. [At least 30 people are killed in a suicide attack on a football stadium south of Baghdad, Iraq. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for attack. ](/news/2016/03/25/at-least-30-people-are-killed-in-a-suicide-attack-on-a-football-stadium-south-of-baghdad-iraq-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-cla.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State_
7. [The United States Army's elite Delta Force captures their first suspected ISIL operative during a raid in northern Iraq. The detainee is being interrogated by the U.S. and is expected to be turned over to Iraqi officials in the coming days. ](/news/2016/03/1/the-united-states-army-s-elite-delta-force-captures-their-first-suspected-isil-operative-during-a-raid-in-northern-iraq-the-detainee-is-bei.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State, U.S. airstrikes_
8. [Iraqi Armed Forces announce the complete recapture of the city of Ramadi in  western Iraq's Anbar Province  from the Islamic State, along with the reopening of the Ramadi-Baghdad road. ](/news/2016/02/9/iraqi-armed-forces-announce-the-complete-recapture-of-the-city-of-ramadi-in-western-iraq-s-anbar-province-from-the-islamic-state-along-wi.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State_
9. [Two ISIL suicide bombers attack a Shiite mosque in Baghdad, killing at least 15 people. ](/news/2016/02/25/two-isil-suicide-bombers-attack-a-shiite-mosque-in-baghdad-killing-at-least-15-people.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State_
10. [The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for a suicide bomb attack on a Iraqi Army base (Camp Speicher, now known as Tikrit Air Academy), near the town of Tikrit, north of Baghdad, that killed at least 15 and injured 22. ](/news/2016/01/3/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-for-a-suicide-bomb-attack-on-a-iraqi-army-base-camp-speicher-now-known-as-t.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State_
