### [2016-05-20](/news/2016/05/20/index.md)

# The United States Geological Survey (USGS) reports a magnitude 5.9 earthquake strikes the southern part of the Northern Territory in central Australia. No damage or injuries are reported. 

A 5.9 magnitude earthquake struck central Australia early on Saturday, the U.S. Geological Survey said.


### Source:

1. [RT](https://www.rt.com/news/343821-australia-quake-alice-springs/)
2. [The Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/national/magnitude-62-earthquake-recorded-in-central-australia-20160520-gp0ev6.html)

### Related:

1. [The United States Geological Survey (USGS) reports a 7.7 magnitude earthquake has struck off the Northern Mariana Islands in the Pacific Ocean. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Center says there is no tsunami threat because the quake was very deep in the earth. ](/news/2016/07/29/the-united-states-geological-survey-usgs-reports-a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-has-struck-off-the-northern-mariana-islands-in-the-pacific-oce.md) _Context: United States Geological Survey, earthquake_
2. [The United States Geological Survey (USGS) reports a magnitude 5.1 earthquake strikes near Borrego Springs, Southern California. The Los Angeles County Fire Department and Riverside County Sheriff's Department say they have received no reports of serious damage. ](/news/2016/06/10/the-united-states-geological-survey-usgs-reports-a-magnitude-5-1-earthquake-strikes-near-borrego-springs-southern-california-the-los-ang.md) _Context: United States Geological Survey, earthquake_
3. [The U.S. Geological Survey reports a magnitude 5.8 earthquake strikes Christchurch in New Zealand. The St. John ambulance service says that several people suffered minor injuries from falls as they ran from the quake but there were no immediate reports of serious damage. ](/news/2016/02/14/the-u-s-geological-survey-reports-a-magnitude-5-8-earthquake-strikes-christchurch-in-new-zealand-the-st-john-ambulance-service-says-that.md) _Context: United States Geological Survey, earthquake_
4. [The U.S. Geological Survey reports a magnitude 5.1 earthquake strike in Oklahoma, the state's third strongest quake, northwest of Oklahoma City. No damage or injuries are reported. Oklahoma has recently experienced a surge in seismic activity, leading to calls for the governor to make changes to oil- and gas-drilling regulations. ](/news/2016/02/13/the-u-s-geological-survey-reports-a-magnitude-5-1-earthquake-strike-in-oklahoma-the-state-s-third-strongest-quake-northwest-of-oklahoma-c.md) _Context: United States Geological Survey, earthquake_
5. [ A powerful, magnitude 7.2 earthquake has shaken Tajikistan. It was felt as far away as India, Pakistan, and Afghanistan. No damage or casualties have been reported as the epicenter lies within the vast Badakhshan national park. The US Geological Survey describes the area as one of the "most seismically hazardous regions on Earth" because of tectonic activity along shifting fault lines. ](/news/2015/12/7/a-powerful-magnitude-7-2-earthquake-has-shaken-tajikistan-it-was-felt-as-far-away-as-india-pakistan-and-afghanistan-no-damage-or-casua.md) _Context: United States Geological Survey, earthquake_
6. [The U.S. Geological Survey reports a magnitude 6.7 earthquake struck off the southwest coast of Japan. The quake occurred 119 miles (191 km) west-southwest of Kagoshima. The Pacific Tsunami Center reported no major tsunami threat. A small tsunami, 30 centimeters (11.8 inches), was observed on the southern island of Nakanoshima. No reports of major damage or injuries. ](/news/2015/11/14/the-u-s-geological-survey-reports-a-magnitude-6-7-earthquake-struck-off-the-southwest-coast-of-japan-the-quake-occurred-119-miles-191-km.md) _Context: United States Geological Survey, earthquake_
7. [Adam Giles is elected as the new leader of the Country Liberal Party in Australia's Northern Territory replacing Terry Mills as Chief Minister. He will be the first indigenous head of government in Australian history. ](/news/2013/03/13/adam-giles-is-elected-as-the-new-leader-of-the-country-liberal-party-in-australia-s-northern-territory-replacing-terry-mills-as-chief-minist.md) _Context: Australia, Northern Territory_
8. [Voters in Australia's Northern Territory elect the Country Liberal Party. ](/news/2012/08/25/voters-in-australia-s-northern-territory-elect-the-country-liberal-party.md) _Context: Australia, Northern Territory_
9. [A coroner in Australia's Northern Territory rules that a dingo was responsible for the death of baby Azaria Chamberlain at Uluru in August 1980. ](/news/2012/06/12/a-coroner-in-australia-s-northern-territory-rules-that-a-dingo-was-responsible-for-the-death-of-baby-azaria-chamberlain-at-uluru-in-august-1.md) _Context: Australia, Northern Territory_
10. [The first deployment of US Marines arrives in the Australian city of Darwin, Northern Territory. ](/news/2012/04/4/the-first-deployment-of-us-marines-arrives-in-the-australian-city-of-darwin-northern-territory.md) _Context: Australia, Northern Territory_
