### [2016-05-20](/news/2016/05/20/index.md)

# Tsai Ing-wen is sworn in as the first female President of Taiwan. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-36339276)

### Related:

1. [The People's Republic of China lodges a complaint with the United States after President-elect of the United States Donald Trump speaks with President of Taiwan Tsai Ing-wen. The PRC and the United States view Taiwan as a breakaway province. ](/news/2016/12/3/the-people-s-republic-of-china-lodges-a-complaint-with-the-united-states-after-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-speaks-with.md) _Context: President of Taiwan, Tsai Ing-wen_
2. [United States President-elect Donald Trump holds a telephone conversation with Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen, the first known contact between a U.S. president or president-elect with a Taiwanese leader since the United States recognized the People's Republic of China in 1979. ](/news/2016/12/2/united-states-president-elect-donald-trump-holds-a-telephone-conversation-with-taiwanese-president-tsai-ing-wen-the-first-known-contact-bet.md) _Context: President of Taiwan, Tsai Ing-wen_
3. [Chinese state media Xinhua News Agency criticizes Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen as politically extreme and lacking emotional balance because she is unmarried and does not have children. ](/news/2016/05/26/chinese-state-media-xinhua-news-agency-criticizes-taiwan-president-tsai-ing-wen-as-politically-extreme-and-lacking-emotional-balance-because.md) _Context: President of Taiwan, Tsai Ing-wen_
4. [Tsai Ing-wen of the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) is elected the first female President of Taiwan. Eric Chu, the ruling Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party) candidate concedes defeat and announced his resignation as party leader.  Ms. Tsai vowed to preserve the status quo in relations with China. The DPP supports independence for the island. ](/news/2016/01/16/tsai-ing-wen-of-the-democratic-progressive-party-dpp-is-elected-the-first-female-president-of-taiwan-eric-chu-the-ruling-kuomintang-chi.md) _Context: President of Taiwan, Tsai Ing-wen_
5. [A spokesman for the Taiwan Affairs Office of People's Republic of China says Taiwan is barred from observing this year's World Health Assembly because current President Tsai Ing-wen has not endorsed the Beijing view that both sides belong to a single China under the One-China policy; the spokesman further said that the health of people in Taiwan is not being put at risk by Taiwan's inability to attend. ](/news/2017/05/10/a-spokesman-for-the-taiwan-affairs-office-of-people-s-republic-of-china-says-taiwan-is-barred-from-observing-this-yearas-world-health-asse.md) _Context: Tsai Ing-wen_
6. [Taiwanese president Tsai Ing-wen refutes accusations that she would have interpreted the 1992 consensus differently. ](/news/2016/07/25/taiwanese-president-tsai-ing-wen-refutes-accusations-that-she-would-have-interpreted-the-1992-consensus-differently.md) _Context: Tsai Ing-wen_
7. [Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen rejects a supposed deadline set by Chinese President Xi Jinping for accepting the 1992 Consensus, saying such a deadline is against the will of the people. ](/news/2016/07/22/taiwanese-president-tsai-ing-wen-rejects-a-supposed-deadline-set-by-chinese-president-xi-jinping-for-accepting-the-1992-consensus-saying-su.md) _Context: Tsai Ing-wen_
8. [China cancels an invitation to a Taiwanese children's choir after it performed the island's national anthem at last month's inauguration of President Tsai Ing-wen; the Puzangalan Choir consisting of children from the Paiwan aboriginal tribe had been due to take part in a choral festival in Guangdong province in July. ](/news/2016/06/16/china-cancels-an-invitation-to-a-taiwanese-children-s-choir-after-it-performed-the-island-s-national-anthem-at-last-month-s-inauguration-of.md) _Context: Tsai Ing-wen_
9. [China stages joint war games featuring mock beach landing, helicopter assaults and tank battles along its east coast, just days before the inauguration of Taiwanese president Tsai Ing-Wen. ](/news/2016/05/18/china-stages-joint-war-games-featuring-mock-beach-landing-helicopter-assaults-and-tank-battles-along-its-east-coast-just-days-before-the-i.md) _Context: Tsai Ing-wen_
10. [A report by the Taiwanese Defense Ministry states that China has placed surface-to-air missiles on the disputed Woody Island. Taiwanese President-elect Tsai Ing-wen called on all parties to "exercise self-control based on the principle of peaceful resolution of disputes in the South China Sea," while Harry B. Harris Jr., commander of the US Pacific Fleet, said that such a move would be "a militarization of the South China Sea in ways" that China's President Xi Jinping had pledged not to make. ](/news/2016/02/17/a-report-by-the-taiwanese-defense-ministry-states-that-china-has-placed-surface-to-air-missiles-on-the-disputed-woody-island-taiwanese-pres.md) _Context: Tsai Ing-wen_
