### [2015-08-26](/news/2015/08/26/index.md)

# Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant: ISIL has destroyed two historic Muslim shrines in Palmyra. 

Hussain and his wife, Sally Jones, from Kent, had been dubbed &#039;Mr and Mrs Terror&#039;


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/06/24/middleeast/syria-isis-palmyra-shrines/index.html?eref=edition)
2. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/islamic-state/11827214/British-hacker-for-Islamic-State-Junaid-Hussain-killed-in-Syria-drone-attack.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (2017): The Syrian Army and its allies recapture the ancient city of Palmyra from the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2017/03/2/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-2017-the-syrian-army-and-its-allies-recapture-the-ancient-city-of-palmyra-from-the-islamic-state-of-i.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Palmyra_
2. [Syrian Civil War: ISIL militants destroy part of Palmyra's ancient Roman theatre. ](/news/2017/01/20/syrian-civil-war-isil-militants-destroy-part-of-palmyra-s-ancient-roman-theatre.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Palmyra_
3. [Syrian Civil War: ISIL militants execute 12 people in Palmyra, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/01/19/syrian-civil-war-isil-militants-execute-12-people-in-palmyra-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Palmyra_
4. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (December 2016): ISIL recaptures the Syrian city of Palmyra despite heavy Russian airstrikes, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and Palmyra Coordination Committee (PCC). ](/news/2016/12/11/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-december-2016-isil-recaptures-the-syrian-city-of-palmyra-despite-heavy-russian-airstrikes-according.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Palmyra_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (December 2016): The SOHR and Amaq announce that ISIL has captured an oil field north-west of Palmyra. ](/news/2016/12/10/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-december-2016-the-sohr-and-amaq-announce-that-isil-has-captured-an-oil-field-north-west-of-palmyra.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Palmyra_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (March 2016): The Syrian Army takes full control of Palmyra after heavy fighting with ISIL forces, according to a Syrian military source. ](/news/2016/03/27/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-march-2016-the-syrian-army-takes-full-control-of-palmyra-after-heavy-fighting-with-isil-forces-accor.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Palmyra_
7. [Syrian Civil War: Palmyra offensive (March 2016): Airstrikes by Syrian or Russian warplanes on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah in northern Syria, leaves at least 39 people dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Airstrikes on the city of Palmyra and nearby villages are said to have killed at least 18 ISIL militants, as the Syrian Army advance on the city. ](/news/2016/03/19/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-march-2016-airstrikes-by-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-on-isil-s-de-facto-capital-al-raqqah-in-northern.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Palmyra_
8. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Destruction of cultural heritage by ISIL: Satellite images released by the Associated Press reveal the historic Saint Elijah's Monastery near the Iraqi city of Mosul, the oldest Christian monastery in Iraq that predates Islam, has been completely razed by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant militants. ](/news/2016/01/20/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-destruction-of-cultural-heritage-by-isil-satellite-images-released-by-the-associated-press-reveal-the-his.md) _Context: Islam, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [Syrian Civil War: Destruction of cultural heritage by ISIL: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports the Islamic State, on Sunday, executed three detainees in the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra by strapping them to pillars and blowing them up with the antiquities. ISIL has yet to tell locals the identities of the three individuals or say why they had been killed. ](/news/2015/10/27/syrian-civil-war-destruction-of-cultural-heritage-by-isil-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-the-islamic-state-on-sunday-ex.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Palmyra_
10. [Destruction of cultural heritage by ISIL: The United Nations confirms the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant has completely destroyed the Temple of Bel in Palmyra, Syria, after earlier reports that the structure was mostly intact. ](/news/2015/09/1/destruction-of-cultural-heritage-by-isil-the-united-nations-confirms-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-has-completely-destroyed-the.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Palmyra_
