### [2011-01-20](/news/2011/01/20/index.md)

# A 32-year-old man is arrested on suspicion of murdering Bristol woman Joanna Yeates. 




### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/UK-News/Vincent-Tabak-Joanna-Yeates-Murder-Case-Neighbour-Is-Thought-To-Be-Man-Arrested/Article/201101315901387?lpos=UK_News_Carousel_Region_1&lid=ARTICLE_15901387_Vincent_Tabak%3A_Joanna_Yeates_Murder_Case%2C_Neighbour_Is_Thought_To_Be_Man_Arrested)

### Related:

1. [English riots:: Rioting continues in London with lawlessness spreading to other English cities such as Liverpool, Manchester, Bristol and Birmingham. ](/news/2011/08/9/english-riots-rioting-continues-in-london-with-lawlessness-spreading-to-other-english-cities-such-as-liverpool-manchester-bristol-and-bi.md) _Context: Bristol_
2. [Both "The Sun" and "Daily Mirror" tabloid newspapers are accused of being in contempt of court for publishing articles about the arrest of Christopher Jefferies in relation to the murder of Joanna Yeates; Jefferies was later released without charge. British Attorney General Dominic Grieve is seeking to bring charges against the newspapers. Judges will make a decision on the case at a later date.](/news/2011/07/5/both-the-sun-and-daily-mirror-tabloid-newspapers-are-accused-of-being-in-contempt-of-court-for-publishing-articles-about-the-arrest-of-c.md) _Context: investigation into the murder of Joanna Yeates_
3. [Christopher Jefferies, an early suspect in the investigation into the murder of Joanna Yeates, accepts "substantial" libel damages from eight British newspapers after they published details of his private life. "The Sun" and "Daily Mirror" are also fined for contempt of court in their reporting of the investigation. ](/news/2011/07/29/christopher-jefferies-an-early-suspect-in-the-investigation-into-the-murder-of-joanna-yeates-accepts-substantial-libel-damages-from-eigh.md) _Context: investigation into the murder of Joanna Yeates_
4. [Dutch man Vincent Tabak pleads guilty to the manslaughter of Joanna Yeates, but denies murdering her. However, the plea is rejected by prosecutors and he is committed for trial in October. ](/news/2011/05/5/dutch-man-vincent-tabak-pleads-guilty-to-the-manslaughter-of-joanna-yeates-but-denies-murdering-her-however-the-plea-is-rejected-by-prose.md) _Context: investigation into the murder of Joanna Yeates_
5. [The High Court of England and Wales grants the Attorney General permission to bring a case against "The Sun" and the "Daily Mirror" for the way they reported aspects of the hunt for the killer of Joanna Yeates. ](/news/2011/05/12/the-high-court-of-england-and-wales-grants-the-attorney-general-permission-to-bring-a-case-against-the-sun-and-the-daily-mirror-for-the.md) _Context: investigation into the murder of Joanna Yeates_
6. [Amid a protest against the construction of a new Tesco superstore in the Stokes Croft area of the English city of Bristol, 9 people are arrested and 8 police officers are injured. ](/news/2011/04/22/amid-a-protest-against-the-construction-of-a-new-tesco-superstore-in-the-stokes-croft-area-of-the-english-city-of-bristol-9-people-are-arre.md) _Context: Bristol_
7. [Police investigating the murder of Joanna Yeates make a fresh appeal for information, saying that when discovered, her fully clothed body was missing a sock which may hold important clues. ](/news/2011/01/5/police-investigating-the-murder-of-joanna-yeates-make-a-fresh-appeal-for-information-saying-that-when-discovered-her-fully-clothed-body-wa.md) _Context: investigation into the murder of Joanna Yeates_
8. [Dutch national Vincent Tabak is charged with the murder of Joanna Yeates, and will make his first court appearance on 24 January. ](/news/2011/01/22/dutch-national-vincent-tabak-is-charged-with-the-murder-of-joanna-yeates-and-will-make-his-first-court-appearance-on-24-january.md) _Context: investigation into the murder of Joanna Yeates_
9. [The UK's Avon and Somerset Police launch a murder investigation after a post mortem into the death of Joanna Yeates concludes that she had been strangled. ](/news/2010/12/28/the-uk-s-avon-and-somerset-police-launch-a-murder-investigation-after-a-post-mortem-into-the-death-of-joanna-yeates-concludes-that-she-had-b.md) _Context: investigation into the murder of Joanna Yeates_
10. [Police in the UK say they are "satisfied" that a body found on Christmas Day is that of missing woman Joanna Yeates. ](/news/2010/12/26/police-in-the-uk-say-they-are-satisfied-that-a-body-found-on-christmas-day-is-that-of-missing-woman-joanna-yeates.md) _Context: investigation into the murder of Joanna Yeates_
