### [2011-01-20](/news/2011/01/20/index.md)

# Iraq Inquiry documents show former British prime minister Tony Blair was offered an alternative to attacking Iraq during a secret meeting held eight days before its soldiers invaded the country in 2003. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/uk/2011/jan/20/tony-blair-chilcot-inquiry-iraq)

### Related:

1. [A private note, due to remain secret despite calls for it to be published by the chairman of the Iraq Inquiry, shows former British prime minister Tony Blair privately assured former American president George W. Bush "you can count on us" before they jointly invaded Iraq prior to the Iraq War. ](/news/2011/01/21/a-private-note-due-to-remain-secret-despite-calls-for-it-to-be-published-by-the-chairman-of-the-iraq-inquiry-shows-former-british-prime-mi.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq Inquiry, Iraq War, Tony Blair_
2. [A report about the United Kingdom's involvement in the Iraq War is released. The chairman of the inquiry, Sir John Chilcot, said that the invasion was not a "last resort" and was based on "flawed intelligence and assessments". The inquiry was announced on 15 June 2009 by then-Prime Minister Gordon Brown. The final hearing was held on 2 February 2011. ](/news/2016/07/6/a-report-about-the-united-kingdom-s-involvement-in-the-iraq-war-is-released-the-chairman-of-the-inquiry-sir-john-chilcot-said-that-the-in.md) _Context: Iraq Inquiry, Iraq War, Prime Minister_
3. [Tony Blair is recalled to give further evidence before the Iraq Inquiry after "gaps" concerning the legality of the Iraq War are identified in his evidence. Jack Straw and Lord Goldsmith are to return too. ](/news/2010/12/8/tony-blair-is-recalled-to-give-further-evidence-before-the-iraq-inquiry-after-gaps-concerning-the-legality-of-the-iraq-war-are-identified.md) _Context: Iraq Inquiry, Iraq War, Tony Blair_
4. [Lord Jay, Permanent Under-Secretary at the Foreign and Commonwealth Office ahead of the 2003 invasion of Iraq, tells the Iraq Inquiry he felt "very uncomfortable" about Tony Blair declaring war on Iraq without another "necessary" United Nations resolution. ](/news/2010/06/30/lord-jay-permanent-under-secretary-at-the-foreign-and-commonwealth-office-ahead-of-the-2003-invasion-of-iraq-tells-the-iraq-inquiry-he-fel.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Iraq Inquiry, Tony Blair_
5. [ British Prime Minister Tony Blair publishes the advice of Lord Goldsmith, the Attorney General, on the legality of the 2003 invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2005/04/28/british-prime-minister-tony-blair-publishes-the-advice-of-lord-goldsmith-the-attorney-general-on-the-legality-of-the-2003-invasion-of-ira.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Prime Minister, Tony Blair_
6. [Former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Tony Blair resigns as the peace envoy of the Quartet on the Middle East. ](/news/2015/05/27/former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-tony-blair-resigns-as-the-peace-envoy-of-the-quartet-on-the-middle-east.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Tony Blair_
7. [John Major, who was British Prime Minister between 1990 and 1997, tells the Leveson Inquiry that Rupert Murdoch warned him before the 1997 general election to switch policy on Europe or his newspapers would not support him. The Conservative Party subsequently lost power to Labour, with Murdoch's "The Sun" tabloid daily supporting Major's rival Tony Blair. ](/news/2012/06/12/john-major-who-was-british-prime-minister-between-1990-and-1997-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-that-rupert-murdoch-warned-him-before-the-1997-g.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Tony Blair_
8. [Former British Prime Minister Tony Blair tells the Leveson Inquiry he had a "working relationship" with News Corporation chairman Rupert Murdoch, but that Murdoch did not influence policy during his time in office. ](/news/2012/05/28/former-british-prime-minister-tony-blair-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-he-had-a-working-relationship-with-news-corporation-chairman-rupert-mur.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Tony Blair_
9. [Alleged personal details of former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Tony Blair are published online by computer hackers. ](/news/2011/06/25/alleged-personal-details-of-former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-tony-blair-are-published-online-by-computer-hackers.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Tony Blair_
10. [Iraq War: Jeremy Paxman faces being punished by the BBC after being judged to have violated the corporation's strict impartiality rules by writing an article for "The Guardian" in which he stated that Tony Blair's "lies" had led Britain to war with Iraq. ](/news/2011/02/13/iraq-war-jeremy-paxman-faces-being-punished-by-the-bbc-after-being-judged-to-have-violated-the-corporation-s-strict-impartiality-rules-by-w.md) _Context: Iraq War, Tony Blair_
