### [2007-02-6](/news/2007/02/6/index.md)

#  At least three domain name system root nameservers are under denial-of-service attack. [http://www.theregister.co.uk/2007/02/07/root_server_attack/ (The Register)]. See "DNS Backbone DDoS Attacks"




### Related:

1. [Security analysts state that the October 21 denial-of-service attacks on Internet performance management company Dyn was perpetrated using Mirai malware-created botnets that used consumer internet of things (IoT) smart devices, such as digital video recorders, cable set-top boxes, routers, etc. Technology experts warn that the security included with IoT is weak, or sometimes even nonexistent. ](/news/2016/10/22/security-analysts-state-that-the-october-21-denial-of-service-attacks-on-internet-performance-management-company-dyn-was-perpetrated-using-m.md) _Context: denial-of-service attack_
2. [A series of cyberattacks utilizing distributed denial-of-service attacks, targeting networks operated by DNS provider Dyn, makes major Internet platforms and services unavailable to large swaths of users in Europe and North America. Affected companies include Amazon, Twitter, Spotify, Reddit, PayPal, Netflix, and Airbnb. ](/news/2016/10/21/a-series-of-cyberattacks-utilizing-distributed-denial-of-service-attacks-targeting-networks-operated-by-dns-provider-dyn-makes-major-inter.md) _Context: denial-of-service attack_
3. [Hacktivist collective Anonymous declares a cyber-war on Turkey, and claims responsibility for the major week-long cyber-attack between 14 and 21 December on Turkey, which it accuses of supporting the jihadist Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL), and threatened additional attacks in case the alleged support continues. "We will continue attacking your internet, your root DNS, your banks and take your government sites down," it said. "After the root DNS, we will start to hit your airports, military assets and private state connections. We will destroy your critical banking infrastructure," the group added. ](/news/2015/12/23/hacktivist-collective-anonymous-declares-a-cyber-war-on-turkey-and-claims-responsibility-for-the-major-week-long-cyber-attack-between-14-an.md) _Context: DNS_
4. [The news aggregator app Feedly is struck by massive DDoS attacks, with the perpetrator attempting to extort money from the company to make the cyber-attacks stop. ](/news/2014/06/11/the-news-aggregator-app-feedly-is-struck-by-massive-ddos-attacks-with-the-perpetrator-attempting-to-extort-money-from-the-company-to-make-t.md) _Context: denial-of-service attack_
5. [Thousands of WikiLeaks supporters launch further and more intense denial-of-service attack against companies who have blacklisted the website. ](/news/2010/12/9/thousands-of-wikileaks-supporters-launch-further-and-more-intense-denial-of-service-attack-against-companies-who-have-blacklisted-the-websit.md) _Context: denial-of-service attack_
6. [The WikiLeaks website is attacked by a computer-hacking operation and undergoes "a mass distributed denial of service attack" as it prepares to release more secret U.S. documents. Julian Assange says U.S. authorities are afraid of being held accountable for their actions. ](/news/2010/11/28/the-wikileaks-website-is-attacked-by-a-computer-hacking-operation-and-undergoes-a-mass-distributed-denial-of-service-attack-as-it-prepares.md) _Context: denial-of-service attack_
7. [ Twitter, a popular micro-blogging service, temporarily goes offline after a group calling itself the "Iranian Cyber Army" manages to change its DNS records. ](/news/2009/12/18/twitter-a-popular-micro-blogging-service-temporarily-goes-offline-after-a-group-calling-itself-the-iranian-cyber-army-manages-to-change.md) _Context: DNS_
8. [ The Internet was attacked by very high traffic caused by a self-replicating software worm program called "SQL Slammer". This attacked Microsoft SQL servers, causing them to spray the Internet with more copies of the worm program. This was made possible by a security vulnerability in Microsoft SQL Server. The worm attack had the side effect of causing a distributed denial-of-service attack on the rest of the Internet.](/news/2003/01/25/the-internet-was-attacked-by-very-high-traffic-caused-by-a-self-replicating-software-worm-program-called-sql-slammer-this-attacked-micro.md) _Context: denial-of-service attack_
