### [2007-04-20](/news/2007/04/20/index.md)

#  1976 Nobel Peace Prize Laureate Mairead Corrigan is injured during a peaceful protest against the construction of the Israeli West Bank barrier. 




### Source:

1. [Indymedia](http://www.indymedia.ie/article/82119)

### Related:

1. [The Nobel Prize committee awards Colombian president Juan Manuel Santos the Nobel Peace Prize for his resolute efforts to bring the country's more than 50-year-long civil war to an end, a war that has cost the lives of at least 220 thousand Colombians and displaced close to six million people. ](/news/2016/10/7/the-nobel-prize-committee-awards-colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-the-nobel-peace-prize-for-his-resolute-efforts-to-bring-the-country.md) _Context: Nobel Peace Prize_
2. [Former President and Prime Minister of Israel, and Nobel Peace Prize winner Shimon Peres dies at the age of 93. ](/news/2016/09/28/former-president-and-prime-minister-of-israel-and-nobel-peace-prize-winner-shimon-peres-dies-at-the-age-of-93.md) _Context: Nobel Peace Prize_
3. [The Myanmar Assembly of the Union, or parliament,  selects Htin Kyaw as the new President. Kyaw, a confidant of Aung San Suu Kyi, will be the first civilian president in decades. Suu Kyi, a Nobel Peace Prize recipient, is constitutionally barred from the office. ](/news/2016/03/15/the-myanmar-assembly-of-the-union-or-parliament-selects-htin-kyaw-as-the-new-president-kyaw-a-confidant-of-aung-san-suu-kyi-will-be-th.md) _Context: Nobel Peace Prize_
4. [Voters in Myanmar head to the polls with the National League for Democracy, the party of Nobel Peace Prize-winner Aung San Suu Kyi, expected to win a majority of seats in Parliament and the ruling Union Solidarity and Development Party conceding defeat on Monday. Early indication is an 80 percent turnout of the more than 30 million people eligible to vote. ](/news/2015/11/8/voters-in-myanmar-head-to-the-polls-with-the-national-league-for-democracy-the-party-of-nobel-peace-prize-winner-aung-san-suu-kyi-expected.md) _Context: Nobel Peace Prize_
5. [The president of Zimbabwe, Robert Mugabe, is awarded the Confucius Peace Prize, sometimes characterized as a Chinese alternative to the Nobel Peace Prize. ](/news/2015/10/23/the-president-of-zimbabwe-robert-mugabe-is-awarded-the-confucius-peace-prize-sometimes-characterized-as-a-chinese-alternative-to-the-nobe.md) _Context: Nobel Peace Prize_
6. [Eight out of the ten allegedly involved in shooting Pakistani schoolgirl and Nobel Peace Prize winner Malala Yousafzai have been secretly set free. ](/news/2015/06/5/eight-out-of-the-ten-allegedly-involved-in-shooting-pakistani-schoolgirl-and-nobel-peace-prize-winner-malala-yousafzai-have-been-secretly-se.md) _Context: Nobel Peace Prize_
7. [An anti-terrorism court in Pakistan's Swat District sentences ten people to life imprisonment after finding them guilty of an attack on Nobel Peace Prize winner Malala Yousafzai and two other school girls. ](/news/2015/04/30/an-anti-terrorism-court-in-pakistan-s-swat-district-sentences-ten-people-to-life-imprisonment-after-finding-them-guilty-of-an-attack-on-nobe.md) _Context: Nobel Peace Prize_
8. [For the first time in its 114-year-old history, the Norwegian Nobel Committee (which awards the Nobel Peace Prize) replaces against his will its head, Thorbjorn Jagland. Kaci Kullmann Five succeeds Jagland who will still remain a member of the committee. ](/news/2015/03/3/for-the-first-time-in-its-114-year-old-history-the-norwegian-nobel-committee-which-awards-the-nobel-peace-prize-replaces-against-his-will.md) _Context: Nobel Peace Prize_
9. [Nobel Peace Prize:Pakistani child education activist Malala Yousafzai and Indian children's rights advocate Kailash Satyarthi share the 2014 Nobel Peace Prize. ](/news/2014/10/10/nobel-peace-prize-ppakistani-child-education-activist-malala-yousafzai-and-indian-children-s-rights-advocate-kailash-satyarthi-share-the-201.md) _Context: Nobel Peace Prize_
10. [Edward Snowden is nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize. [http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2014-01-29/snowden-nominated-by-norwegian-lawmakers-for-nobel-peace-prize.html (Bloomberg)]In the US Senate, James Clapper, Director of National Intelligence, calls for the return of NSA documents by "Snowden and his accomplices"; asked whether this includes journalists, Clapper's spokesperson says "Director Clapper was referring to anyone who is assisting Edward Snowden to further threaten our national security through the unauthorized disclosure of stolen documents related to lawful foreign intelligence collection programs." ([http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jan/29/james-clapper-condemns-snowden-senate-testimony ''The Guardian''])](/news/2014/01/29/edward-snowden-is-nominated-for-the-nobel-peace-prize-http-www-bloomberg-com-news-2014-01-29-snowden-nominated-by-norwegian-lawmakers-fo.md) _Context: Nobel Peace Prize_
