### [2003-11-8](/news/2003/11/8/index.md)

#  Germany's upper house rejects controversial economic policy changes (tax cuts and changes to labour law) aimed at kick-starting Europe's largest economy. Social Democrat Chancellor Gerhard Schrder has invested much political capital in the reforms, but they are opposed by many labour unions and left-wing politicians.




### Related:

1. [Voters in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia head to the polls, with the media suggesting a victory for Angela Merkel's CDU over the SPD, who have lead the state for all but five years since 1966. ](/news/2017/05/14/voters-in-the-german-state-of-north-rhine-westphalia-head-to-the-polls-with-the-media-suggesting-a-victory-for-angela-merkel-s-cdu-over-the.md) _Context: SPD_
2. [The Social Democratic Party of Germany endorses Martin Schulz as its leader. ](/news/2017/03/19/the-social-democratic-party-of-germany-endorses-martin-schulz-as-its-leader.md) _Context: SPD_
3. [Regional elections take place in the German states of Baden-Wurttemberg, Rhineland-Palatinate and Saxony-Anhalt with the governing Christian Democratic Union performing poorly, the centre-left Social Democratic Party of Germany winning in Rhineland-Palatinate, and the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany performing well in all three states. ](/news/2016/03/13/regional-elections-take-place-in-the-german-states-of-baden-wa1-4rttemberg-rhineland-palatinate-and-saxony-anhalt-with-the-governing-christia.md) _Context: SPD_
4. [Voters in the German city state of Hamburg go to the polls with the governing Social Democratic Party of Germany led by Olaf Scholz retaining power. ](/news/2015/02/15/voters-in-the-german-city-state-of-hamburg-go-to-the-polls-with-the-governing-social-democratic-party-of-germany-led-by-olaf-scholz-retainin.md) _Context: SPD_
5. [The German Social Democrat Martin Schulz is reelected President of the European Parliament for another two and a half years. ](/news/2014/07/1/the-german-social-democrat-martin-schulz-is-reelected-president-of-the-european-parliament-for-another-two-and-a-half-years.md) _Context: SPD_
6. [The Social Democratic Party of Germany agrees to join a coalition government led by Chancellor Angela Merkel. ](/news/2013/12/14/the-social-democratic-party-of-germany-agrees-to-join-a-coalition-government-led-by-chancellor-angela-merkel.md) _Context: SPD_
7. [Social Democratic Party of Germany president Sigmar Gabriel proposes Peer Steinbrck as the party's Chancellor candidate for the next German federal election to be held in 2013. ](/news/2012/09/28/social-democratic-party-of-germany-president-sigmar-gabriel-proposes-peer-steinbruck-as-the-party-s-chancellor-candidate-for-the-next-german.md) _Context: SPD_
8. [Voters in Schleswig-Holstein go to the polls for a state election with the governing coalition of CDU and FDP losing their majority, paving the way for a coalition between SPD, The Greens and the Danish minority's SSW. ](/news/2012/05/6/voters-in-schleswig-holstein-go-to-the-polls-for-a-state-election-with-the-governing-coalition-of-cdu-and-fdp-losing-their-majority-paving.md) _Context: SPD_
9. [Voters in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia head to the polls for an election, with the Social Democratic Party of Germany winning the most votes, allowing it to continue in government with the support of the Greens. ](/news/2012/05/13/voters-in-the-german-state-of-north-rhine-westphalia-head-to-the-polls-for-an-election-with-the-social-democratic-party-of-germany-winning.md) _Context: SPD_
10. [Voters in the German state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern go to the polls for a state election with the Social Democrats and Greens performing well and the Christian Democrats and Free Democrats performing poorly. ](/news/2011/09/4/voters-in-the-german-state-of-mecklenburg-vorpommern-go-to-the-polls-for-a-state-election-with-the-social-democrats-and-greens-performing-we.md) _Context: SPD_
