### [2003-11-8](/news/2003/11/8/index.md)

#  In Pakistan, "United Press International" reports a letter sent to members of the opposition in Pakistan on a military letterhead causes panic in President Pervez Musharraf's government because it says he "has been imposed on this nation." The letter reportedly states that ""We want to assure the nation that this army belongs to you and to Pakistan&nbsp;... Pervez Musharraf and his clique has been imposed on this nation"".




### Related:

1. [ Pervez Musharraf is sworn in as the President of Pakistan for a second term, this time as a civilian. [http:--www.abc.net.au-news-stories-2007-11-29-2105577.htm (ABC News Australia)] President George W. Bush welcomes Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf, urges him to lift emergency rule.date=December 2007 Musharraf announces the 2007 Pakistani state of emergency will be lifted on 2007-12-16. [http:--news.bbc.co.uk-2-hi-south_asia-7119416.stm (BBC)] Restrictions on Pakistani TV channels are challenged in the Supreme Court of Pakistan.date=December 2007 ](/news/2007/11/29/pervez-musharraf-is-sworn-in-as-the-president-of-pakistan-for-a-second-term-this-time-as-a-civilian-http-www-abc-net-au-news-stories-2.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
2. [ In Pakistan, President Pervez Musharraf pledges that Pakistan will match India's military spending spree.](/news/2003/11/7/in-pakistan-president-pervez-musharraf-pledges-that-pakistan-will-match-india-s-military-spending-spree.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
3. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf_
4. [ The travel ban for former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf is lifted by the Supreme Court of Pakistan. Musharraf is currently facing treason charges in Pakistan. ](/news/2016/03/16/the-travel-ban-for-former-pakistani-president-pervez-musharraf-is-lifted-by-the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-musharraf-is-currently-facing-tr.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf_
5. [Former President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf survives an assassination attempt in Islamabad, Pakistan. There are no reports of injuries. ](/news/2014/04/3/former-president-of-pakistan-pervez-musharraf-survives-an-assassination-attempt-in-islamabad-pakistan-there-are-no-reports-of-injuries.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf_
