### [2003-11-8](/news/2003/11/8/index.md)

#  War on Terrorism: The Commission set up to investigate the September 11, 2001, attacks votes to serve a subpoena on the North American Aerospace Defense Command but rejects a proposal to subpoena the daily counter-intelligence briefings that the CIA receives from the president. After a series of field inquiries and interviews with NORAD personnel, commission staff realize that the materials NORAD had provided were incomplete.




### Related:

1. [ A second high-ranking CIA official, Deputy Director for field operations James Pavitt, is to retire early, after 31 years, citing personal reasons; speculation arises that his resignation and that of former Director George Tenet are possibly linked with the Iraq weapons of mass destruction or 9-11 intelligence issues. ](/news/2004/06/4/a-second-high-ranking-cia-official-deputy-director-for-field-operations-james-pavitt-is-to-retire-early-after-31-years-citing-personal.md) _Context: CIA, September 11, 2001 attacks_
2. [According to sources familiar with his decision, former U.S. National Security Advisor Michael Flynn invokes his Fifth Amendment protection against self-incrimination and declines to comply with a subpoena from the Senate Intelligence Committee investigating possible Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election. ](/news/2017/05/22/according-to-sources-familiar-with-his-decision-former-u-s-national-security-advisor-michael-flynn-invokes-his-fifth-amendment-protection.md) _Context: subpoena_
3. [The U.S. Attorney's Office in Alexandria, Virginia, through U.S. Attorney Dana Boente, issues subpoenas to former National Security Advisor Michael T. Flynn to assess the extent of his ties to Russia. ](/news/2017/05/10/the-u-s-attorney-s-office-in-alexandria-virginia-through-u-s-attorney-dana-boente-issues-subpoenas-to-former-national-security-advisor.md) _Context: subpoena_
4. [The CIA has concluded that Russia actively tried to help Donald Trump win the 2016 U.S. presidential election. ](/news/2016/12/9/the-cia-has-concluded-that-russia-actively-tried-to-help-donald-trump-win-the-2016-u-s-presidential-election.md) _Context: CIA_
5. [Kurt Eichenwald claims that Donald Trump and his businesses have been destroying documents, even in ongoing court cases and under subpoena, during the last decades. ](/news/2016/10/31/kurt-eichenwald-claims-that-donald-trump-and-his-businesses-have-been-destroying-documents-even-in-ongoing-court-cases-and-under-subpoena.md) _Context: subpoena_
6. [The United States Defense Department reports its Strategic Command systems detected a failed North Korean ballistic missile launch near the city of Kusong in North Pyongan Province. ](/news/2016/10/15/the-united-states-defense-department-reports-its-strategic-command-systems-detected-a-failed-north-korean-ballistic-missile-launch-near-the.md) _Context: Strategic Command systems_
7. [ The Pentagon rejects a Russian proposal to stage joint airstrikes against Al-Qaeda linked groups in Syria. ](/news/2016/05/21/the-pentagon-rejects-a-russian-proposal-to-stage-joint-airstrikes-against-al-qaeda-linked-groups-in-syria.md) _Context: War on Terrorism_
8. [ExxonMobil says that it is preparing a response to the subpoena from the Attorney General of New York pursuant to an investigation into whether Exxon has misled the public about climate change. ](/news/2015/11/5/exxonmobil-says-that-it-is-preparing-a-response-to-the-subpoena-from-the-attorney-general-of-new-york-pursuant-to-an-investigation-into-whet.md) _Context: subpoena_
9. [In Peshawar, an unknown assailant shoots and kills Pakistani lawyer Samiullah Afridi, who had defended Dr. Shakil Afridi (in regards to assisting CIA agents hunt al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden), with two Pakistan militant groups, Jundullah and Jamaatul Ahrar, both claiming responsibility. ](/news/2015/03/17/in-peshawar-an-unknown-assailant-shoots-and-kills-pakistani-lawyer-samiullah-afridi-who-had-defended-dr-shakil-afridi-in-regards-to-assi.md) _Context: CIA_
10. [The US Eastern District Court of Virginia convicts a disgruntled former CIA officer, Jeffrey Alexander Sterling, of leaking secrets to a reporter. All nine charges he faced stem from a secret CIA mission to derail Iran's nuclear weapons program. ](/news/2015/01/26/the-us-eastern-district-court-of-virginia-convicts-a-disgruntled-former-cia-officer-jeffrey-alexander-sterling-of-leaking-secrets-to-a-rep.md) _Context: CIA_
