### [2015-08-5](/news/2015/08/5/index.md)

# The U.S. Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals strikes down a state law in Texas that had required that voters show identification before casting ballots. 

A U.S. appeals court struck down a Texas law on Wednesday requiring voters to show authorized identification before casting ballots, saying the measure violated the U.S. Voting Rights Act through its &quot;discriminatory effects.&quot;


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/08/05/us-usa-vote-texas-idUSKCN0QA2A920150805)

### Related:

1. [United States presidential election, 2016: The United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit affirms previous rulings that Texas' 2011 voter ID law is discriminatory and does not comply with the Voting Rights Act, and orders a lower court to resolve the problem in time for the November elections. ](/news/2016/07/20/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-fifth-circuit-affirms-previous-rulings-that-texas-201.md) _Context: 5th Circuit Court of Appeals, Texas_
2. [The United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit upholds a Texan law providing that abortion clinics meet the same standards as hospital style surgical clinics meaning that many abortion clinics must upgrade or close. ](/news/2015/06/9/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-fifth-circuit-upholds-a-texan-law-providing-that-abortion-clinics-meet-the-same-standards-as-hosp.md) _Context: 5th Circuit Court of Appeals, Texas_
3. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season: Harvey becomes a hurricane, expected to make landfall on the Texas coast at Category 3, bringing life-threatening storm surge, rainfall, and wind hazards. ](/news/2017/08/24/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-harvey-becomes-a-hurricane-expected-to-make-landfall-on-the-texas-coast-at-category-3-bringing-life-threat.md) _Context: Texas_
4. [Economy of the United States: Berkshire Hathaway Inc. agrees to pay USD $9 billion to buy the parent of Texas power transmission company Oncor Electric Delivery. ](/news/2017/07/7/economy-of-the-united-states-berkshire-hathaway-inc-agrees-to-pay-usd-9-billion-to-buy-the-parent-of-texas-power-transmission-company-onc.md) _Context: Texas_
5. [April 2017 North American storm complex: At least 7 people are killed in the US states of Missouri, Arkansas and Texas due to tornadoes and floods. ](/news/2017/04/29/april-2017-north-american-storm-complex-at-least-7-people-are-killed-in-the-us-states-of-missouri-arkansas-and-texas-due-to-tornadoes-and.md) _Context: Texas_
6. [List of offenders executed in the United States in 2017: Arkansas becomes the first U.S. state since Texas in 2000 to hold two executions on the same day as executes convicted murderers Jack Jones, Jr. and Marcel Williams. ](/news/2017/04/24/list-of-offenders-executed-in-the-united-states-in-2017-arkansas-becomes-the-first-u-s-state-since-texas-in-2000-to-hold-two-executions-on.md) _Context: Texas_
7. [Voter ID laws in the United States: A federal district court for southern Texas rules that the state's voter ID law was passed in 2011 with the intent to discriminate against minority voters. The 5th Circuit Court of Appeals previously found that the law had the effect of discriminating against minority voters, and remanded the case to the district court for further action. ](/news/2017/04/10/voter-id-laws-in-the-united-states-a-federal-district-court-for-southern-texas-rules-that-the-state-s-voter-id-law-was-passed-in-2011-with.md) _Context: 5th Circuit Court of Appeals_
8. [A head on crash between a pickup truck and a church bus outside Garner State Park in the American state of Texas kills at least 12 people and injures 3 others. ](/news/2017/03/29/a-head-on-crash-between-a-pickup-truck-and-a-church-bus-outside-garner-state-park-in-the-american-state-of-texas-kills-at-least-12-people-an.md) _Context: Texas_
9. [Severe storms, from the weather system that hit Southern California Friday, reach southwest Texas injuring several people and damaging at least 100 homes with one confirmed tornado in San Antonio. Heavy rains continue today with flash floods likely as the storm moves to eastern Texas and southern Louisiana. ](/news/2017/02/20/severe-storms-from-the-weather-system-that-hit-southern-california-friday-reach-southwest-texas-injuring-several-people-and-damaging-at-le.md) _Context: Texas_
10. [In Texas, four children die with an additional six others injured after they are poisoned by phosgene gas sprayed in an inappropriate attempt as a pesticide. ](/news/2017/01/2/in-texas-four-children-die-with-an-additional-six-others-injured-after-they-are-poisoned-by-phosgene-gas-sprayed-in-an-inappropriate-attemp.md) _Context: Texas_
