### [2014-08-9](/news/2014/08/9/index.md)

# Incumbent Governor Neil Abercrombie loses to challenger David Ige, becoming the first sitting Governor to be defeated in a primary election. Ige, a Democrat, will face Republican Duke Aiona and independent Mufi Hannemann in the gubernatorial general election. 

State Chief Elections Officer Scott Nago has announced that, after being briefed by the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency, formerly State Civil Defense, on the progress of Iselle and ...


### Source:

1. [Hawaii News Now](http://www.hawaiinewsnow.com/story/26235519/2014-primary-gov-abercrombie-ige-senate-results)
2. [Hawaii News Now](http://www.hawaiinewsnow.com/story/26239647/ige-maintains-large-lead-over-abercrombie-in-primary-election)
3. [Hawaii News Now](http://www.hawaiinewsnow.com/story/26241820/democratic-candidates-up-for-lieutenant-governors-seat-prove-tight-race-in-primary-election)
3. [Cover Image](http://KHNL.images.worldnow.com/images/4442660_G.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The state of Hawaii becomes the first state to enact a law, to document sea level rise and set strategies to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, that aligns the state's goals with the Paris climate accord. Governor David Ige says the islands are seeing the impacts of climate change first-hand. ](/news/2017/06/8/the-state-of-hawaii-becomes-the-first-state-to-enact-a-law-to-document-sea-level-rise-and-set-strategies-to-reduce-greenhouse-gas-emissions.md) _Context: David Ige, Governor_
2. [Hawaii Governor David Ige declares a state of emergency as Tropical Storm Darby is on track to reach the U.S. state's Big Island today with maximum sustained winds approaching 50 mph (80 kph). The storm, which previously was a Category 3 hurricane, could produce up to 15 inches (40 cm) of rain. ](/news/2016/07/23/hawaii-governor-david-ige-declares-a-state-of-emergency-as-tropical-storm-darby-is-on-track-to-reach-the-u-s-state-s-big-island-today-with.md) _Context: David Ige, Governor_
3. [Hawaii Governor David Ige declares a state of emergency to address homelessness as the state has seen an alarming increase in unsheltered individuals and families over the past two years, particularly on O'ahu. Hawaii has the highest per capita rate of homelessness among the 50 states at about 465 people per 100,000 citizens. This act "frees up" money for this problem. ](/news/2015/10/16/hawaii-governor-david-ige-declares-a-state-of-emergency-to-address-homelessness-as-the-state-has-seen-an-alarming-increase-in-unsheltered-in.md) _Context: David Ige, Governor_
4. [Hawaii Governor David Ige signs an emergency proclamation in anticipation of the arrival of Hurricane Ignacio on Monday. Ignacio is expected to strengthen to Category 2 this weekend. The state is still recovering from precipitation from Tropical Storm Kilo which skirted the islands earlier this week. In addition, Hurricane Jimena, which is expected to intensify to near category 5 strength on Saturday, is trailing Ignacio and also heading toward Hawaii. ](/news/2015/08/28/hawaii-governor-david-ige-signs-an-emergency-proclamation-in-anticipation-of-the-arrival-of-hurricane-ignacio-on-monday-ignacio-is-expected.md) _Context: David Ige, Governor_
5. [Hawaii's Democratic Governor Neil Abercrombie appoints Lieutenant Governor Brian Schatz (a former state legislator and nonprofit group executive) to fill the term of the recently-deceased longtime Democratic U.S. Senator Daniel Inouye until 2014, when a special election will be called to fill the slot until 2016. His was one of three names known to have been submitted by the state party's central committee, along with an unnamed person and U.S. Democrat Colleen Hanabusa, whom Inouye had stated as his preferred successor hours before his death. ](/news/2012/12/26/hawaii-s-democratic-governor-neil-abercrombie-appoints-lieutenant-governor-brian-schatz-a-former-state-legislator-and-nonprofit-group-execu.md) _Context: Governor, Neil Abercrombie_
6. [The Hawaii Senate approves Hawaii Senate Bill 232 legalising civil unions for gay and lesbian couples and will be sent to the Governor Neil Abercrombie for approval. ](/news/2011/02/16/the-hawaii-senate-approves-hawaii-senate-bill-232-legalising-civil-unions-for-gay-and-lesbian-couples-and-will-be-sent-to-the-governor-neil.md) _Context: Governor, Neil Abercrombie_
7. [Former Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi regains the role of Secretary of the Democratic Party, after his resignation in February, in an open primary election. ](/news/2017/04/30/former-italian-prime-minister-matteo-renzi-regains-the-role-of-secretary-of-the-democratic-party-after-his-resignation-in-february-in-an-o.md) _Context: primary election_
8. [Voters in the U.S. state of Wisconsin go to the polls for a primary election with Ted Cruz winning the Republican Party contest and Bernie Sanders winning the Democratic Party primary. ](/news/2016/04/5/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-wisconsin-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-ted-cruz-winning-the-republican-party-contest-and-bernie-s.md) _Context: primary election_
9. [Voters in the U.S. states of Mississippi, Michigan, Hawaii and Idaho vote in primary elections and caucuses. ](/news/2016/03/8/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-mississippi-michigan-hawaii-and-idaho-vote-in-primary-elections-and-caucuses.md) _Context: primary election_
10. [Voters in the states of Kansas, Louisiana, Nebraska, Maine, and Kentucky, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico participate in a party caucus or vote in a primary election. ](/news/2016/03/5/voters-in-the-states-of-kansas-louisiana-nebraska-maine-and-kentucky-and-the-commonwealth-of-puerto-rico-participate-in-a-party-caucus.md) _Context: primary election_
