### [2014-08-9](/news/2014/08/9/index.md)

# Michael Brown incident in Ferguson, MO: 18-year-old Michael Brown is fatally shot by Ferguson Policeman Darren Wilson. Shooting of Michael Brown




### Related:

1. [A Missouri court strikes down parts of a law, meant to address concerns raised after the police shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson, Missouri, that limit cities' ability to profit from traffic tickets and court fines. The judge wrote the  law unconstitutionally targeted St. Louis-area municipalities with caps on revenues from traffic fines that were lower than other cities in the state. ](/news/2016/03/28/a-missouri-court-strikes-down-parts-of-a-law-meant-to-address-concerns-raised-after-the-police-shooting-of-michael-brown-in-ferguson-misso.md) _Context: shooting of Michael Brown_
2. [The Ferguson, Missouri, city council, after last month voting to change the terms of the agreement, reverses course and unanimously (6-0) agrees to accept a U.S. Justice Department overhaul of its troubled police force and municipal courts.  This avoided a likely expensive legal battle with the federal government which had filed suit against the city following last month's vote. ](/news/2016/03/15/the-ferguson-missouri-city-council-after-last-month-voting-to-change-the-terms-of-the-agreement-reverses-course-and-unanimously-6-0-ag.md) _Context: shooting of Michael Brown_
3. [After shooting and wounding his ex-girlfriend in Baltimore, Ismaaiyl Brinsley shoots and kills two policemen execution style in Brooklyn, New York, supposedly in revenge for the deaths of two black men in the U.S. reportedly caused by police officers during the summer of 2014, Eric Garner and Michael Brown. The gunman is later found dead of a self-inflicted gunshot wound in the subway. ](/news/2014/12/20/after-shooting-and-wounding-his-ex-girlfriend-in-baltimore-ismaaiyl-brinsley-shoots-and-kills-two-policemen-execution-style-in-brooklyn-ne.md) _Context: shooting of Michael Brown_
4. [Ferguson PD officer Darren Wilson resigns following a grand jury decision not to indict him in the Michael Brown case. ](/news/2014/11/29/ferguson-pd-officer-darren-wilson-resigns-following-a-grand-jury-decision-not-to-indict-him-in-the-michael-brown-case.md) _Context: shooting of Michael Brown_
5. [The St. Louis suburb of Ferguson braces for another night of violence following the decision by a grand jury not to indict a police officer in relation to the shooting of Michael Brown. ](/news/2014/11/25/the-st-louis-suburb-of-ferguson-braces-for-another-night-of-violence-following-the-decision-by-a-grand-jury-not-to-indict-a-police-officer.md) _Context: shooting of Michael Brown_
6. [A grand jury in St. Louis County, Missouri decides not to indict police officer Darren Wilson in relation to the shooting of Michael Brown in the suburb of Ferguson. ](/news/2014/11/24/a-grand-jury-in-st-louis-county-missouri-decides-not-to-indict-police-officer-darren-wilson-in-relation-to-the-shooting-of-michael-brown-i.md) _Context: shooting of Michael Brown_
7. [Shooting of Michael Brown:Governor Jay Nixon declares a state of emergency and curfew in the town of Ferguson, Missouri following nights of rioting. ](/news/2014/08/16/shooting-of-michael-brown-pgovernor-jay-nixon-declares-a-state-of-emergency-and-curfew-in-the-town-of-ferguson-missouri-following-nights-of.md) _Context: shooting of Michael Brown_
8. [The President of the United States Barack Obama orders an independent inquiry by the United States Department of Justice and the Federal Bureau of Investigation into the shooting of Michael Brown by the Ferguson Police Department. ](/news/2014/08/14/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-orders-an-independent-inquiry-by-the-united-states-department-of-justice-and-the-federal-bur.md) _Context: shooting of Michael Brown_
9. [Protests against the shooting of Michael Brown by the Ferguson Police Department in the US state of Missouri turn violent. ](/news/2014/08/13/protests-against-the-shooting-of-michael-brown-by-the-ferguson-police-department-in-the-us-state-of-missouri-turn-violent.md) _Context: shooting of Michael Brown_
