### [2014-08-9](/news/2014/08/9/index.md)

# Rebel commander Igor Girkin confirms that Ukrainian government forces have recaptured control of the strategic town of Krasnyi Luch from pro-Russian insurgents, effectively closing in the Donetsk People's Republic rebellion. 

Rebels in east Ukraine call for a ceasefire in Donetsk, amid a reported army advance, as Russia renews its offer to send an aid mission.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-28724487)
2. [Rappler](http://www.rappler.com/world/regions/europe/65751-ukraine-rebel-chief-calls-truce-donetsk-surrounded)
2. [Cover Image](http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/76850000/jpg/_76850412_76850411.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Igor Girkin, a Russian citizen from Moscow and military commander of the Donetsk People's Republic rebellion, resigns, making it the third change at top of the rebel leadership of the past week. ](/news/2014/08/14/igor-girkin-a-russian-citizen-from-moscow-and-military-commander-of-the-donetsk-people-s-republic-rebellion-resigns-making-it-the-third-c.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic, Igor Girkin_
2. [DPR leader Alexander Zakharchenko announced that the self-declared Donetsk People's Republic (DPR) and Luhansk People's Republic (LPR) would form a new state called Malorossiya (Little Russia) as an official successor to what he called the "failed state" of Ukraine, with Donetsk replacing Kiev as the country's capital. Ukrainian president Petro Poroshenko and LPR leader Igor Plotnitsky denounced the plans. ](/news/2017/07/18/dpr-leader-alexander-zakharchenko-announced-that-the-self-declared-donetsk-people-s-republic-dpr-and-luhansk-people-s-republic-lpr-would.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic_
3. [Donetsk People's Republic commander Mikhail Tolstykh, better known by his "nom de guerre" "Givi", is killed in a bomb blast in Makiivka, Donetsk Oblast. DPR officials blame the Security Service of Ukraine for the attack. ](/news/2017/02/8/donetsk-people-s-republic-commander-mikhail-tolstykh-better-known-by-his-nom-de-guerre-givi-is-killed-in-a-bomb-blast-in-makiivka-don.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic_
4. [A bomb placed in an elevator shaft kills Pro-Russian, high-ranking officer of the Donetsk People's Republic's special forces, Arseny Pavlov, also known as "Motorola", in Donetsk. ](/news/2016/10/16/a-bomb-placed-in-an-elevator-shaft-kills-pro-russian-high-ranking-officer-of-the-donetsk-people-s-republic-s-special-forces-arseny-pavlov.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic_
5. [Representatives of the Russian-backed Donetsk People's Republic in Eastern Ukraine say at least five civilians are killed by artillery fire at a checkpoint in the town of Olenivka, with another 10 injured. Kiev denies the accusation. A local border-guard spokesman says there was an explosion at the checkpoint but he saw no artillery fired from either side, suggesting the blast could have been a bomb. ](/news/2016/04/27/representatives-of-the-russian-backed-donetsk-people-s-republic-in-eastern-ukraine-say-at-least-five-civilians-are-killed-by-artillery-fire.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic_
6. [A Ukrainian court sentences two Russian nationals to 14 years in prison each on charges of fighting alongside Russian-backed separatists in eastern Ukraine. Moscow contends that the two Russians were no longer employed by the state when they were captured. ](/news/2016/04/18/a-ukrainian-court-sentences-two-russian-nationals-to-14-years-in-prison-each-on-charges-of-fighting-alongside-russian-backed-separatists-in.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic_
7. [The Ukrainian Army says eight of its soldiers were wounded in fighting against Russian-backed separatists in the east of the country during the previous 24 hours. A military spokesman said there had been 29 shelling incidents around Mariupol. ](/news/2016/04/13/the-ukrainian-army-says-eight-of-its-soldiers-were-wounded-in-fighting-against-russian-backed-separatists-in-the-east-of-the-country-during.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic_
8. [Portraits of former dictator Joseph Stalin go up in the city of Donetsk as the Donetsk People's Republic adopts more Soviet era policies. ](/news/2015/10/19/portraits-of-former-dictator-joseph-stalin-go-up-in-the-city-of-donetsk-as-the-donetsk-people-s-republic-adopts-more-soviet-era-policies.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic_
9. [Alexander Zakharchenko, leader of the rebel Donetsk People's Republic said the insurgents had released two American aid workers. ](/news/2015/05/9/alexander-zakharchenko-leader-of-the-rebel-donetsk-people-s-republic-said-the-insurgents-had-released-two-american-aid-workers.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic_
10. [Video interviews show that two Russians captured in Ukraine have publicly admitted to being soldiers in the GRU Russian special forces. The Donetsk People's Republic (separatists) authorities claim these men were official policemen in the self-proclaimed republic, publicized their ID badges, and claimed they retired from the Russian military last year. ](/news/2015/05/21/video-interviews-show-that-two-russians-captured-in-ukraine-have-publicly-admitted-to-being-soldiers-in-the-gru-russian-special-forces-the.md) _Context: Donetsk People's Republic_
