### [2009-07-10](/news/2009/07/10/index.md)

#  A Paris court convicts four men and a girl in the kidnapping, torture and murder of Ilan Halimi, sentencing the ringleader to life in prison. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Yahoo](http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20090710/ap_on_re_eu/eu_france_anti_semitism_4)

### Related:

1. [ Christian Von Wernich, a Roman Catholic priest and former police chaplain is sentenced to a life sentence for his role in torture, kidnapping and murder during Argentina's dirty war. ](/news/2007/10/9/christian-von-wernich-a-roman-catholic-priest-and-former-police-chaplain-is-sentenced-to-a-life-sentence-for-his-role-in-torture-kidnappi.md) _Context: kidnapped, torture_
2. [ The United States Federal Bureau of Investigation names Alexis Flores as the 487th person placed on the FBI Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list.  He is wanted for the kidnapping, rape and murder of a five-year-old girl in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. ](/news/2007/06/2/the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigation-names-alexis-flores-as-the-487th-person-placed-on-the-fbi-ten-most-wanted-fugitives-list.md) _Context: kidnapped, murder_
3. [ Iraq hanged three men in the first executions in the country since the 2003 invasion. They were part of the Jaish Ansar al-Sunna group and had been convicted of kidnapping and murdering three policemen and abducting, raping and killing Iraqi women. Iraqi President Jalal Talabani refused to sign the death warrants, but his Deputy President Adel Abdul Mehdi signed instead. Talabani has also said he will refuse to sign the death warrant of Saddam Hussein should he be convicted and sentenced to death. ](/news/2005/09/1/iraq-hanged-three-men-in-the-first-executions-in-the-country-since-the-2003-invasion-they-were-part-of-the-jaish-ansar-al-sunna-group-and.md) _Context: kidnapped, murder_
4. [ Ex-president of Peru, Alberto Fujimori, plans to finance his coming presidential campaign with ''Fuji-Cola''. Fujimori is in exile in Japan, is wanted for corruption, murder and kidnapping and is legally banned from holding public office in Peru until 2010 ](/news/2005/03/22/ex-president-of-peru-alberto-fujimori-plans-to-finance-his-coming-presidential-campaign-with-fuji-cola-fujimori-is-in-exile-in-japan.md) _Context: kidnapped, murder_
5. [ In Laramie, Wyoming, Russell Henderson pleads guilty to kidnapping and felony murder in order to avoid a possible death penalty conviction for the apparent hate crime killing of Matthew Shepard](/news/1999/04/5/in-laramie-wyoming-russell-henderson-pleads-guilty-to-kidnapping-and-felony-murder-in-order-to-avoid-a-possible-death-penalty-conviction.md) _Context: kidnapped, murder_
6. [Yesterday's terrorist attack in Paris disrupts campaigning for the elections. ](/news/2017/04/21/yesterday-s-terrorist-attack-in-paris-disrupts-campaigning-for-the-elections.md) _Context: Paris_
7. [One policeman has been killed and another has been critically injured after a man opened fire at police officers at the Champs-Elysees in central Paris. The gunman was killed while attempting to escape, and a bystander has been injured. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack although the claim is doubted. The President of France Francois Hollande says that all leads indicate that the attack was of a "terrorist nature". ](/news/2017/04/20/one-policeman-has-been-killed-and-another-has-been-critically-injured-after-a-man-opened-fire-at-police-officers-at-the-champs-alysa-c-es-in.md) _Context: Paris_
8. [French security forces shoot suspect Ziyed Ben Belgacem dead in Paris' Orly Airport after he put the pellet gun to her head and took away an assault rifle from one of three soldiers from "Sentinelle" operation patrolling the airport. Belgacem had earlier shot a police officer with a pellet gun. Later, he had threatened a bar and then carjacked another vehicle to the airport. ](/news/2017/03/18/french-security-forces-shoot-suspect-ziyed-ben-belgacem-dead-in-paris-orly-airport-after-he-put-the-pellet-gun-to-her-head-and-took-away-an.md) _Context: Paris_
9. [A letter bomb explodes at the office of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in Paris, injuring one person. ](/news/2017/03/16/a-letter-bomb-explodes-at-the-office-of-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-in-paris-injuring-one-person.md) _Context: Paris_
10. [Two UN officials with MONUSCO--an American and a Swede--are among six people kidnapped  near the village of Ngombe in the Democratic Republic of the Congo's Kasai-Central province. Congolese officials have not identified the kidnappers nor has any group  claimed responsibility. ](/news/2017/03/13/two-un-officials-with-monuscoaan-american-and-a-swedeaare-among-six-people-kidnapped-near-the-village-of-ngombe-in-the-democratic-repub.md) _Context: kidnapped_
