### [2011-08-1](/news/2011/08/1/index.md)

# North Korea agrees to further talks with the United States as part of efforts to restore Six Party talks on its nuclear weapons program. 




### Source:

1. [Yonhap](http://english.yonhapnews.co.kr/news/2011/08/01/59/0200000000AEN20110801004300315F.HTML)

### Related:

1. [The United States and North Korea are expected to hold diplomatic talks regarding North Korea's nuclear program. The talks are the first meeting after the six-party talks stalled in 2008. ](/news/2011/12/16/the-united-states-and-north-korea-are-expected-to-hold-diplomatic-talks-regarding-north-korea-s-nuclear-program-the-talks-are-the-first-mee.md) _Context: American, North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, six-party talks_
2. [Senior North Korean diplomat Kim Kye Gwan heads to the United States for discussions on reopening the six party talks on his country's nuclear weapons program. ](/news/2011/07/26/senior-north-korean-diplomat-kim-kye-gwan-heads-to-the-united-states-for-discussions-on-reopening-the-six-party-talks-on-his-country-s-nucle.md) _Context: American, North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, six-party talks_
3. [ North Korea acknowledges "the need to resume" the stalled six-party talks on its nuclear program, after talks with U.S. envoy Stephen Bosworth. ](/news/2009/12/11/north-korea-acknowledges-the-need-to-resume-the-stalled-six-party-talks-on-its-nuclear-program-after-talks-with-u-s-envoy-stephen-boswo.md) _Context: American, North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, six-party talks_
4. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: American, North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
5. [U.S.-based monitoring group 38 North says satellite imagery of North Korea's Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site indicates that preparation for a sixth nuclear weapons test is underway. ](/news/2017/04/13/u-s-based-monitoring-group-38-north-says-satellite-imagery-of-north-korea-s-punggye-ri-nuclear-test-site-indicates-that-preparation-for-a-s.md) _Context: American, North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
6. [According to South Korean and United States officials, a missile test in North Korea ends in failure, with the missile exploding seconds after launch. ](/news/2017/03/22/according-to-south-korean-and-united-states-officials-a-missile-test-in-north-korea-ends-in-failure-with-the-missile-exploding-seconds-aft.md) _Context: American, North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
7. [American and South Korean military officials agree to deploy a U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defense system in the country to counter North Korea's growing threats and use of ballistic missile and nuclear tests. ](/news/2016/07/8/american-and-south-korean-military-officials-agree-to-deploy-a-u-s-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-thaad-missile-defense-system-in-th.md) _Context: American, North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
8. [Amid growing concern about North Korea's ballistic missile capability, South Korea, Japan and the U.S. are to hold their first ever joint anti-missile exercise next month, according to South Korea's Ministry of National Defense. The three countries will practice "detecting and tracing a hypothetical North Korean missile," said a ministry official. ](/news/2016/05/17/amid-growing-concern-about-north-korea-s-ballistic-missile-capability-south-korea-japan-and-the-u-s-are-to-hold-their-first-ever-joint-an.md) _Context: American, North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
9. [According to South Korea's Yonhap news agency, North Korea appears to be preparing a test-launch of an intermediate-range ballistic missile. This comes after what the United States described as the "fiery, catastrophic" failure of the first attempt a few days prior. ](/news/2016/04/26/according-to-south-korea-s-yonhap-news-agency-north-korea-appears-to-be-preparing-a-test-launch-of-an-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile.md) _Context: American, North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
10. [North Korea threatens a pre-emptive nuclear strike against South Korea and the United States in response to the two nations' annual joint military exercise which Pyongyang considers is a pretext for an invasion. ](/news/2016/03/6/north-korea-threatens-a-pre-emptive-nuclear-strike-against-south-korea-and-the-united-states-in-response-to-the-two-nations-annual-joint-mi.md) _Context: American, North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
