### [2011-08-1](/news/2011/08/1/index.md)

# The Italian news agency Agenzia Nazionale Stampa Associata reports that 25 refugees have been found dead in a boat off the coast of Lampedusa. 

Italian authorities found 25 dead bodies in a boat that was carrying refugees and was discovered off the coast of the southern island of Lampedusa, an Italian official news agency reported Monday.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2011/WORLD/europe/08/01/italy.boat.bodies/index.html?eref=edition)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. Supreme Court rules that the Trump administration can block international refugees from entering the United States. ](/news/2017/09/12/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-the-trump-administration-can-block-international-refugees-from-entering-the-united-states.md) _Context: refugee_
2. [An unknown perpetrator using an Apache helicopter fires upon a boat carrying Somali refugees off the coast of Yemen, killing at least 40 of them, injuring 35 more. ](/news/2017/03/17/an-unknown-perpetrator-using-an-apache-helicopter-fires-upon-a-boat-carrying-somali-refugees-off-the-coast-of-yemen-killing-at-least-40-of.md) _Context: refugee_
3. [Eritrean Mered Medhanie, aka "The General", leader of one of the largest criminal operations unsafely smuggling migrants from Africa to Europe for up to EUR5,000 (GBP3,900; $5,680), is extradited to Italy. Police say in one attempt at least 359 migrants died when their boat sank near the Italian island of Lampedusa in October 2013. ](/news/2016/06/8/eritrean-mered-medhanie-aka-the-general-leader-of-one-of-the-largest-criminal-operations-unsafely-smuggling-migrants-from-africa-to-euro.md) _Context: Lampedusa_
4. [According to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, the number of people displaced by conflicts in the world is at its highest level ever recorded, with an estimated 65.3 million people either being refugees, internally displaced or asylum seekers. ](/news/2016/06/20/according-to-the-united-nations-high-commissioner-for-refugees-the-number-of-people-displaced-by-conflicts-in-the-world-is-at-its-highest-l.md) _Context: refugee_
5. [Australian Immigration Minister Peter Dutton says Australia and Papua New Guinea will hold emergency talks next week about asylum seekers Australia has been holding on PNG's Los Negros Island in Manus Province. Tuesday, the Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea ruled this detention is illegal, and ordered the PNG and Australian governments to immediately take steps to end it. An Iranian refugee detainee remains in critical condition after setting himself on fire yesterday to protest Australia's treatment of refugees while the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees was visiting the island. ](/news/2016/04/28/australian-immigration-minister-peter-dutton-says-australia-and-papua-new-guinea-will-hold-emergency-talks-next-week-about-asylum-seekers-au.md) _Context: refugee_
6. [ A painting, "Judith Beheading Holofernes", believed to be from Italian painter Caravaggio, is discovered in an attic in the French city of Toulouse. ](/news/2016/04/12/a-painting-judith-beheading-holofernes-believed-to-be-from-italian-painter-caravaggio-is-discovered-in-an-attic-in-the-french-city-of.md) _Context: Italian_
7. [United Nations refugee agency spokesperson Adrian Edwards warns that Europe is on the verge, "... of a largely self-induced humanitarian crisis, ..." if the rapid build-up of migrants continues at the northern borders of an already over-stretched Greece. There are at least 24,000 there now, including 8,500 at Idomeni, the site of yesterday's incident. ](/news/2016/03/1/united-nations-refugee-agency-spokesperson-adrian-edwards-warns-that-europe-is-on-the-verge-of-a-largely-self-induced-humanitarian-cri.md) _Context: refugee_
8. [Italian refugee documentary "Fire at Sea", directed by Gianfranco Rosi, wins the 66th Berlin International Film Festival's Golden Bear award for best film. ](/news/2016/02/20/italian-refugee-documentary-fire-at-sea-directed-by-gianfranco-rosi-wins-the-66th-berlin-international-film-festival-s-golden-bear-award.md) _Context: refugee_
9. [NATO, during a two-day meeting, considers request from Turkey and Greece to monitor migrant transit in the Aegean Sea and to combat human traffickers squeezing refugees onto unsafe boats. ](/news/2016/02/10/nato-during-a-two-day-meeting-considers-request-from-turkey-and-greece-to-monitor-migrant-transit-in-the-aegean-sea-and-to-combat-human-tr.md) _Context: refugee_
10. [Swedish Interior Minister Anders Ygeman tells financial newspaper "Dagens Industri" that Sweden is disallowing about 45 percent of asylum applications which means around 60,000-80,000 asylum-seekers could be deported in coming years. ](/news/2016/01/28/swedish-interior-minister-anders-ygeman-tells-financial-newspaper-dagens-industri-that-sweden-is-disallowing-about-45-percent-of-asylum-ap.md) _Context: refugee_
