### [2011-08-1](/news/2011/08/1/index.md)

# The Lebanese Armed Forces exchanged fire with the Israeli Defense Forces patrolling the border, with one Lebanese soldier being injured. 

PM: Soldiers actions justified; IDF says troops were patrolling border when Lebanese soldier opened fire on them; no Israeli soldiers wounded.


### Source:

1. [Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Defense/Article.aspx?ID=231879&R=R1)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon: The Lebanese Armed Forces launches operation "Fajr al-Joroud", and on the first day recaptures 30 km of territory near the Lebanon-Syria border formerly occupied by ISIS militants. Twenty ISIS militants were killed and 10 Lebanese soldiers were wounded. ](/news/2017/08/19/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-the-lebanese-armed-forces-launches-operation-fajr-al-joroud-and-on-the-first-day-recaptures-30-km.md) _Context: Lebanese Armed Forces_
2. [ Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon: Lebanese Armed Forces are attacked by five suicide bombers and other militants during a raid of two Syrian refugee camps in Arsal near the Syrian border. The army reports a girl was killed in one of the suicide attacks, seven soldiers were also wounded, and 350 people, including several ISIL officials, were detained during the sweep. ](/news/2017/06/30/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-lebanese-armed-forces-are-attacked-by-five-suicide-bombers-and-other-militants-during-a-raid-of-two.md) _Context: Lebanese Armed Forces_
3. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon: Clashes between the Lebanese Army and jihadist militants near the village of Ras Baalbek in northeast Lebanon, close to the Syrian border, leaves one soldier and eight militants dead. ](/news/2016/03/10/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-clashes-between-the-lebanese-army-and-jihadist-militants-near-the-village-of-ras-baalbek-in-northeast.md) _Context: Lebanese Armed Forces_
4. [Syrian Civil War spillover in Lebanon: Unidentified gunmen kill 6 Lebanese soldiers near the eastern town of Ras Baalbek. ](/news/2014/12/2/syrian-civil-war-spillover-in-lebanon-unidentified-gunmen-kill-6-lebanese-soldiers-near-the-eastern-town-of-ras-baalbek.md) _Context: Lebanese Armed Forces_
5. [Syrian civil war: A 15-year-old Israeli boy is killed and three Israelis wounded when their truck is hit by an unknown weapon in the Golan heights near the Quneitra border crossing; Israeli Defense Forces fire at Syrian government targets in response. ](/news/2014/06/22/syrian-civil-war-a-15-year-old-israeli-boy-is-killed-and-three-israelis-wounded-when-their-truck-is-hit-by-an-unknown-weapon-in-the-golan-h.md) _Context: Israeli Defense Forces_
6. [The Tal Law, which granted a sweeping exemption from military service to a majority of the Israeli ultra-Orthodox population in Israel, expires. As a result Defense Minister Ehud Barak orders the Israeli Defense Forces to prepare for a universal draft of ultra-Orthodox Jewish males in 30 days. ](/news/2012/08/1/the-tal-law-which-granted-a-sweeping-exemption-from-military-service-to-a-majority-of-the-israeli-ultra-orthodox-population-in-israel-expi.md) _Context: Israeli Defense Forces_
7. [The Lebanese army in Wadi Khaled is placed on alert after rockets from Syria kill two people in its territory. ](/news/2012/07/7/the-lebanese-army-in-wadi-khaled-is-placed-on-alert-after-rockets-from-syria-kill-two-people-in-its-territory.md) _Context: Lebanese Armed Forces_
8. [Israeli army officer Shalom Eisner, who struck a Danish activist in the face with the butt of his gun, is dismissed from his post but not from the Israeli Defense Forces. ](/news/2012/04/18/israeli-army-officer-shalom-eisner-who-struck-a-danish-activist-in-the-face-with-the-butt-of-his-gun-is-dismissed-from-his-post-but-not-fr.md) _Context: Israeli Defense Forces_
9. [A Palestinian university student is killed as he attempts to defy arrest after residents throw stones at Israeli soldiers in a community north of Nablus. ](/news/2011/07/13/a-palestinian-university-student-is-killed-as-he-attempts-to-defy-arrest-after-residents-throw-stones-at-israeli-soldiers-in-a-community-nor.md) _Context: Israeli Defense Forces_
10. [The Lebanese army claims that Israeli Air Force planes violated Lebanon's airspace several times, in violation of the United Nations Security Council Resolution, which ended the Israeli-Lebanese war of 2006 between Lebanese-based Islamic militant group Hezbollah and Israel. ](/news/2010/12/27/the-lebanese-army-claims-that-israeli-air-force-planes-violated-lebanon-s-airspace-several-times-in-violation-of-the-united-nations-securit.md) _Context: Lebanese Armed Forces_
