### [2008-10-5](/news/2008/10/5/index.md)

#   Russian President Dmitry Medvedev ordered the Defense Ministry, law enforcement agencies and the Foreign Ministry to investigate a bombing in the South Ossetian capital, Tskhinvali, on 3 October, 2008. A car, carrying weapons, was detained by Russian peacekeepers in Georian village and transported to Tskhinvali, where it exploded. EU and Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development earlier condemned this 'act of terrorism'. Georgian authorities claimed 'Russian special services' 'were behind' the blast that left 7 servicemen of Russian peacekeeping forces dead. [http://rustavi2.com/news/news_text.php?id_news=28168&pg=1&im=main&ct=0&wth= (Rustavi 2)] [http://en.rian.ru/russia/20081004/117435265.html (RIAN)] [http://www.nytimes.com/2008/10/04/world/europe/04georgia.html?_r=1&oref=slogin (NY Times)] Earlier, on October 2, an attempt of assassination of head of the Akhalgori Ossetian administration, Anatoli Margiev failed. He survived the explosion of a bomb planted on a road in Georgian village while driving to Tskhinvali, South Ossetia. [http://rustavi2.com/news/news_text.php?id_news=28148&pg=1&im=main&ct=0&wth= (Rustavi 2)]  Russian troops are dismantling positions in security zones on the border of South Ossetia and Georgia created after the war, a Georgian Interior Ministry official said. [http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5itefRLYb9OvXIY84r-iHHUPY_6pQD93KCDR00 (AP via Google News)].




### Related:

1. [ 2008 South Ossetia war aftermath: An attempt of assassination of head of the Akhalgori Ossetian administration, Anatoli Margiev failed. He survived the explosion of a bomb planted on a road in Georgian village while driving to Tskhinvali, South Ossetia. ](/news/2008/10/3/2008-south-ossetia-war-aftermath-p-an-attempt-of-assassination-of-head-of-the-akhalgori-ossetian-administration-anatoli-margiev-failed-he.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Akhalgori, Anatoli Margiev, Tskhinvali_
2. [The President of Russia Dmitry Medvedev states that the decision to go to war with Georgia in 2008 prevented the eastward enlargement of NATO. ](/news/2011/11/21/the-president-of-russia-dmitry-medvedev-states-that-the-decision-to-go-to-war-with-georgia-in-2008-prevented-the-eastward-enlargement-of-nat.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Dmitry Medvedev_
3. [ 2008 South Ossetia war: Colonel Ivan Petrik, chief of staff of the Russian ground force in South Ossetia, is confirmed dead from wounds he suffered in the Friday blast in Tskhinvali.](/news/2008/10/4/2008-south-ossetia-war-p-colonel-ivan-petrik-chief-of-staff-of-the-russian-ground-force-in-south-ossetia-is-confirmed-dead-from-wounds-he.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Tskhinvali_
4. [ 2008 South Ossetia war: President of Russia Dmitry Medvedev and President of France Nicolas Sarkozy announced after talks in Moscow that an agreement to pull Russian forces from Georgia within a month has been reached. The agreement has become possible as EU will send 200 civilian monitors to the area and guarantee that Georgia signs a pledge to not use military force in Abkhazia and South Ossetia again. ](/news/2008/09/8/2008-south-ossetia-war-p-president-of-russia-dmitry-medvedev-and-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-announced-after-talks-in-moscow-that-a.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Dmitry Medvedev_
5. [ 2008 South Ossetia war: The European Union suspends talks on a new partnership agreement with Moscow until Russian troops have withdrawn from Georgia. ](/news/2008/09/1/2008-south-ossetia-war-p-the-european-union-suspends-talks-on-a-new-partnership-agreement-with-moscow-until-russian-troops-have-withdrawn-f.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, European Union_
6. [ 2008 South Ossetia War: Russia and Georgia continue to fight in South Ossetia and Georgia. The search for the dead and injured continues after at least 2,000 civilians were killed after two days Georgian offensive. Russia reported 12 peacekeepers killed and 30 wounded in the previous day during the Georgian tank and missile bombardment of Tskhinvali. ](/news/2008/08/9/2008-south-ossetia-war-p-russia-and-georgia-continue-to-fight-in-south-ossetia-and-georgia-the-search-for-the-dead-and-injured-continues-a.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Tskhinvali_
7. [ 2008 South Ossetia War: Around 0:30 AM (local time), Georgia begins a full-scale attack on the breakaway republic of South Ossetia, using tanks, military aircraft, artillery, and infantry. Major-General Marat Kulakhmetov, the commander of a small force of Russian peacekeepers under CIS mandate in Tskhinvali makes a statement that Georgian 'heavy artillery shelling conducted for several hours' and 'has practically demolished the town' ](/news/2008/08/8/2008-south-ossetia-war-p-around-0-30-am-local-time-georgia-begins-a-full-scale-attack-on-the-breakaway-republic-of-south-ossetia-using.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Tskhinvali_
8. [ 2008 South Ossetia war: Human Rights Watch claims both Georgia and Russia violated rights of the civilian population during the conflict. Georgian ground offensive in South Ossetia included shelling of Tskhinvali, capital of South Ossetia, with Grad rocket systems and 'indiscriminate' use of tanks in the city, which caused 'numerous' civilian casualties and 'extensive' destruction. HRW says 'a hospital, apartment buildings, houses, schools, kindergartens, shops, administrative buildings, and the university' in Tskhinvali were 'severely damaged' during Georgian night-long 'uninterrupted' shelling of South Ossetian capital on August 7-8. Russian airforce, HRW reports, carried out bombardments of the two buildings in Georgian village in South Ossetia, 'that could be housing the Georgian military', and attacked presumably civilian convoy of several dozen cars. HRW also confirmed the Russian military's use of cluster bombs in two towns in Georgia, killing at least 11 civilians. ](/news/2008/08/20/2008-south-ossetia-war-p-human-rights-watch-claims-both-georgia-and-russia-violated-rights-of-the-civilian-population-during-the-conflict.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Tskhinvali_
9. [ 2008 South Ossetia war: According to general staff in Moscow, Russia has begun troop withdrawals from Georgia, following a pledge by President Dmitry Medvedev. However, 'Moscow saying it has the right to keep some troops as peacekeepers in a buffer zone around South Ossetia'. ](/news/2008/08/18/2008-south-ossetia-war-p-according-to-general-staff-in-moscow-russia-has-begun-troop-withdrawals-from-georgia-following-a-pledge-by-presi.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Dmitry Medvedev_
10. [ 2008 South Ossetia war: The Russian President Dmitry Medvedev announces a national day of mourning in Russia in connection with the Battle of Tskhinvali and the death of a large number of Russian citizens there. Georgian Orthodox Church Patriarch Ilia II announced the national day of mourning for soldiers and civilians who died during the 2008 South Ossetia war. ](/news/2008/08/13/2008-south-ossetia-war-p-the-russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-announces-a-national-day-of-mourning-in-russia-in-connection-with-the-battle.md) _Context: 2008 South Ossetia war, Dmitry Medvedev_
