### [2014-04-25](/news/2014/04/25/index.md)

# 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:. A Ukrainian military helicopter is destroyed after being hit by a rocket-propelled grenade at a base near the town of Kramatorsk in Eastern Ukraine. 




### Source:

1. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/ukraine/10787281/Ukraine-helicopter-hit-by-grenade-taking-off.html)

### Related:

1. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine. Shots are fired at Kramatorsk air base as Ukrainian Ground Forces are dispatched to take on separatists. Unconfirmed reports state that 4 pro-Russian militants have been killed and 2 people have been injured. Some reports claim up to 10 deaths. ](/news/2014/04/15/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-shots-are-fired-at-kramatorsk-air-base-as-ukrainian-ground-forces-are-dispatched-to-take-on-separatists.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine, Kramatorsk_
2. [A Ukrainian military Mi-2 transport helicopter crashes after hitting a power line near Kramatorsk, Donetsk Oblast, killing all five people aboard. ](/news/2017/03/26/a-ukrainian-military-mi-2-transport-helicopter-crashes-after-hitting-a-power-line-near-kramatorsk-donetsk-oblast-killing-all-five-people-a.md) _Context: Kramatorsk_
3. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 17; 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine. Dutch-led investigators say Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 was downed over eastern Ukraine in 2014 by a Buk missile that had come from Russia. ](/news/2016/09/28/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-dutch-led-investigators-say-malaysia-airlines-flight-mh17-was-downed-over-e.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine_
4. [Boko Haram insurgency. Boko Haram militants attack the northeast Nigerian city of Maiduguri with rocket-propelled grenades and multiple suicide bombers. At least 30 people are reportedly killed. ](/news/2015/12/27/boko-haram-insurgency-boko-haram-militants-attack-the-northeast-nigerian-city-of-maiduguri-with-rocket-propelled-grenades-and-multiple-suic.md) _Context: rocket-propelled grenades_
5. [War in Donbass. Fighting kills fifteen people and leaves 60 injured as missiles hit Ukraine's military headquarters in the city of Kramatorsk. ](/news/2015/02/10/war-in-donbass-fighting-kills-fifteen-people-and-leaves-60-injured-as-missiles-hit-ukraine-s-military-headquarters-in-the-city-of-kramators.md) _Context: Kramatorsk_
6. [Foreign ministers from members of NATO attend a summit in Belgium to discuss the 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine and the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant insurgency. ](/news/2014/12/3/foreign-ministers-from-members-of-nato-attend-a-summit-in-belgium-to-discuss-the-2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-and-the-islamic-state-in.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine_
7. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine. Kazakhstan renews its military cooperation with Ukraine, to which it promises vital supplies of coal, following a visit to Kiev by the Kazakh leader, Nursultan Nazarbayev. ](/news/2014/12/22/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-kazakhstan-renews-its-military-cooperation-with-ukraine-to-which-it-promises-vital-supplies-of-coal-fo.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine_
8. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine. At least three people die in a new round of fighting between the Armed Forces of Ukraine and pro-Russian separatists. ](/news/2014/11/26/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-at-least-three-people-die-in-a-new-round-of-fighting-between-the-armed-forces-of-ukraine-and-pro-russian.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine_
9. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:. Voters in break away "people's republics" (Donetsk People's Republic and Lugansk People's Republic respectively) in Donetsk and Luhansk go to the polls for parliamentary and presidential elections. Rebel leaders Alexander Zakharchenko (Donetsk) and Igor Plotnisky (Luhansk) appear set for victory in early counting in elections which will be recognised in Russia but not elsewhere. International observers noted a very high turnout. ](/news/2014/11/2/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-voters-in-break-away-people-s-republics-donetsk-people-s-republic-and-lugansk-people-s-republic-resp.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine_
10. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine. Vladimir Putin, the President of Russia, and Petro Poroshenko, the President of Ukraine, will meet at the sidelines of the Asia-Europe Meeting in Milan, Italy to discuss the conflict and supplies of natural gas. ](/news/2014/10/17/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-vladimir-putin-the-president-of-russia-and-petro-poroshenko-the-president-of-ukraine-will-meet-at-th.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine_
