### [2007-11-28](/news/2007/11/28/index.md)

#  A suicide bomber blows herself up outside Sri Lankan Minister's office, killing one and injuring two.date=December 2007 




### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present). A suicide bomber attacks a convoy in Afghanistan's Kabul province, killing a Georgian soldier and three civilians and wounding 13 others, including six Resolute Support personnel. ](/news/2017/08/3/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-convoy-in-afghanistan-s-kabul-province-killing-a-georgian-soldier-and-three.md) _Context: suicide bomber_
2. [2017 Sri Lankan flood and landslide. At least 126 people are dead, and 97 missing, after mudslides and floods caused by heavy rain in Sri Lanka. Over 100,000 people have been displaced. ](/news/2017/05/28/2017-sri-lankan-flood-and-landslide-at-least-126-people-are-dead-and-97-missing-after-mudslides-and-floods-caused-by-heavy-rain-in-sri-la.md) _Context: Sri Lanka_
3. [2017 Sri Lankan flood and landslide. Disaster Management Centre of Sri Lanka reports that 91 people are killed and 110 people from 14 districts are missing due to flood and landslide. ](/news/2017/05/26/2017-sri-lankan-flood-and-landslide-disaster-management-centre-of-sri-lanka-reports-that-91-people-are-killed-and-110-people-from-14-distri.md) _Context: Sri Lanka_
4. [War in North-West Pakistan. A suicide bomber kills at least six people and wounds 18 near a Pakistan Army vehicle taking part in the census in the city of Lahore. ](/news/2017/04/5/war-in-north-west-pakistan-a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-six-people-and-wounds-18-near-a-pakistan-army-vehicle-taking-part-in-the-census.md) _Context: suicide bomber_
5. [A landfill slide in Colombo, Sri Lanka, kills at least 16 people. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-landfill-slide-in-colombo-sri-lanka-kills-at-least-16-people.md) _Context: Sri Lanka_
6. [Piracy off the coast of Somalia. Off the northern coast of Somalia, Somali pirates hijack the "Aris 13", a United Arab Emirates-owned oil tanker, kidnapping eight Sri Lankan crew members. This is the first hijacking of a large commercial vessel in five years. ](/news/2017/03/14/piracy-off-the-coast-of-somalia-off-the-northern-coast-of-somalia-somali-pirates-hijack-the-aris-13-a-united-arab-emirates-owned-oil-ta.md) _Context: Sri Lanka_
7. [Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). December 2016 Aden suicide bombings. An explosion outside a military camp in southern Yemen kills at least 49 people and injures many more. The explosion is believed to have been caused by a suicide bomber wearing an explosive vest. ](/news/2016/12/18/yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-december-2016-aden-suicide-bombings-an-explosion-outside-a-military-camp-in-southern-yemen-kills-at-leas.md) _Context: suicide bomber_
8. [War in Somalia (2009-present). December 2016 Mogadishu suicide bombing. A suicide bomber kills at least 29 people and injures 50 others in an attack on a police station near Mogadishu's port. ](/news/2016/12/11/war-in-somalia-2009-present-december-2016-mogadishu-suicide-bombing-a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-29-people-and-injures-50-others-in.md) _Context: suicide bomber_
9. [December 2016 Istanbul bombings. Two bombs, one detonated by a suicide bomber, near the Vodafone Arena in Istanbul, Turkey, kill at least 29 people and injure more than 150 others. Ten people have been arrested in relation to the bombings. ](/news/2016/12/10/december-2016-istanbul-bombings-two-bombs-one-detonated-by-a-suicide-bomber-near-the-vodafone-arena-in-istanbul-turkey-kill-at-least-29.md) _Context: suicide bomber_
10. [Sinai insurgency. Eight Egyptian Army soldiers are killed by a suicide bomber at a checkpoint in northern Sinai. ](/news/2016/11/24/sinai-insurgency-eight-egyptian-army-soldiers-are-killed-by-a-suicide-bomber-at-a-checkpoint-in-northern-sinai.md) _Context: suicide bomber_
