### [2007-11-28](/news/2007/11/28/index.md)

#  Ford Motor Company settles class action lawsuits in California, Connecticut, Illinois and Texas over 1991-2001 models of the Ford Explorer. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5jkZPV1wLBfGsME3vVps59PgDRypwD8T6UTBO0)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. Supreme Court declines to review assault weapons bans in Connecticut and New York, as it did last December concerning Chicago, Illinois, city law. Five other states and Washington, D.C. have similar restrictions. ](/news/2016/06/20/the-u-s-supreme-court-declines-to-review-assault-weapons-bans-in-connecticut-and-new-york-as-it-did-last-december-concerning-chicago-illi.md) _Context: Connecticut, Illinois_
2. [Tornadoes of 2015, At least 11 people are killed as tornadoes strike Dallas, Texas, and five people die in a flash flood in Illinois. A total of 34 people have died in this week's smorgasbord of storms that started Wednesday. Mark Wiley of the National Weather Service says this rare run of December tornado storms in the South and Midwest, and spring-like temperatures across much of the North and East, in part to a strong El Nino. ](/news/2015/12/27/tornadoes-of-2015-at-least-11-people-are-killed-as-tornadoes-strike-dallas-texas-and-five-people-die-in-a-flash-flood-in-illinois-a-tota.md) _Context: Illinois, Texas_
3. [Health authorities in the United States say that 53 people in nine states have been sickened in a salmonella outbreak. California is the worst affected state with 31 cases with the other states with cases include Arizona, Illinois, Mississippi, New Mexico, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. ](/news/2015/05/21/health-authorities-in-the-united-states-say-that-53-people-in-nine-states-have-been-sickened-in-a-salmonella-outbreak-california-is-the-wor.md) _Context: California, Illinois_
4. [A Saudi Arabian student is arrested in Texas for allegedly planning a terrorist attack against the Dallas home of former President of the United States George W. Bush as a target as well as New York City and dams in California and Colorado. ](/news/2011/02/24/a-saudi-arabian-student-is-arrested-in-texas-for-allegedly-planning-a-terrorist-attack-against-the-dallas-home-of-former-president-of-the-un.md) _Context: California, Texas_
5. [Warren Buffett's Berkshire Hathaway Inc. agrees to pay USD$9 billion to buy the parent of Texas power transmission company Oncor Electric Delivery stepping up its pursuit of steady profits from utilities and infrastructure deals. ](/news/2017/07/7/warren-buffett-s-berkshire-hathaway-inc-agrees-to-pay-usd-9-billion-to-buy-the-parent-of-texas-power-transmission-company-oncor-electric-de.md) _Context: Texas_
6. [South Australia finalizes a deal with Tesla, spearheaded by tweets originating from CEO of Tesla Elon Musk, to install a battery system in the state. Tesla said in a statement that upon completion by December 2017, the system would be the largest lithium-ion battery storage project in the world, overtaking an 80 megawatt-hour power station at Mira Loma in California also built using Tesla batteries. ](/news/2017/07/7/south-australia-finalizes-a-deal-with-tesla-spearheaded-by-tweets-originating-from-ceo-of-tesla-elon-musk-to-install-a-battery-system-in-t.md) _Context: California_
7. [Numerous U.S. states, including California, Mississippi, Kentucky and New York, reject requests for voter registration data from President Donald Trump's voter fraud commission. ](/news/2017/07/1/numerous-u-s-states-including-california-mississippi-kentucky-and-new-york-reject-requests-for-voter-registration-data-from-president-d.md) _Context: California_
8. [A heat wave strikes the Western U.S. states of Arizona, California, and Nevada. It is predicted to last until June 23. ](/news/2017/06/20/a-heat-wave-strikes-the-western-u-s-states-of-arizona-california-and-nevada-it-is-predicted-to-last-until-june-23.md) _Context: California_
9. [Four people, including the gunman, are dead, and six injured, after a man opens fire at people in a UPS building in the Potrero Hill neighborhood of San Francisco, California. ](/news/2017/06/14/four-people-including-the-gunman-are-dead-and-six-injured-after-a-man-opens-fire-at-people-in-a-ups-building-in-the-potrero-hill-neighbo.md) _Context: California_
10. [The Assembly of California votes in favor of ending a ban which barred members of the Communist Party USA from holding positions in the state government. ](/news/2017/05/9/the-assembly-of-california-votes-in-favor-of-ending-a-ban-which-barred-members-of-the-communist-party-usa-from-holding-positions-in-the-stat.md) _Context: California_
