### [2007-11-28](/news/2007/11/28/index.md)

#  The Chinese Type 051B destroyer "Shenzhen" visits Tokyo in the first visit of a Chinese warship to Japan since World War II. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5jC1zO3rH6xWRODUovq0ZM151JTXgD8T6CCP00)

### Related:

1. [Senkaku Islands dispute:. Japanese Defense Minister Itsunori Onodera states that the country has lodged a protest with China after a People's Liberation Army Navy frigate directed weapon-targeting radar at a Japanese Maritime Self-Defense Force destroyer near the disputed Senkaku Islands. ](/news/2013/02/5/senkaku-islands-dispute-japanese-defense-minister-itsunori-onodera-states-that-the-country-has-lodged-a-protest-with-china-after-a-people.md) _Context: China, Japan, destroyer_
2. [2016 Pacific typhoon season. Typhoon Mindulle is forecast to make landfall near the Japanese capital Tokyo with flights and train services being cancelled. It arrives one day after Typhoon Kompasu. ](/news/2016/08/22/2016-pacific-typhoon-season-typhoon-mindulle-is-forecast-to-make-landfall-near-the-japanese-capital-tokyo-with-flights-and-train-services-b.md) _Context: Japan, Tokyo_
3. [Yoichi Masuzoe resigns as the Governor of the Japanese capital Tokyo over a political funding scandal. He was due to face a no-confidence motion in the Tokyo Metropolitan Assembly later today. ](/news/2016/06/15/yaichi-masuzoe-resigns-as-the-governor-of-the-japanese-capital-tokyo-over-a-political-funding-scandal-he-was-due-to-face-a-no-confidence-m.md) _Context: Japan, Tokyo_
4. [Japan-Russia relations. NATO-Russia relations. Russia announces it will deploy state-of-the art missile defense systems to the far eastern Kuril Islands where they and Japan have rival territorial claims dating to the end of the Second World War. Russian Defence Minister Sergey Shoygu also says that Russia will form new defence units in the country's Western Military District in response to NATO's recent deployment of forces to member states near its border. ](/news/2016/03/25/japan-russia-relations-nato-russia-relations-russia-announces-it-will-deploy-state-of-the-art-missile-defense-systems-to-the-far-easte.md) _Context: Japan, World War II_
5. [Japan-United States relations. Thousands protest outside the Japanese parliament in Tokyo against the relocation of a U.S. military base on Okinawa Island. Residents cite noise, pollution, and crime as reasons for not wanting a new base built. ](/news/2016/02/21/japan-united-states-relations-thousands-protest-outside-the-japanese-parliament-in-tokyo-against-the-relocation-of-a-u-s-military-base-o.md) _Context: Japan, Tokyo_
6. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. Japan-North Korea relations. Japan deploys two MIM-104 Patriot surface-to-air missile interceptor systems in Tokyo in preparation for any North Korean ballistic missiles potentially heading for the city. The deployment comes amid concerns of an imminent North Korean missile launch following the detection of "increased activity" at a North Korean missile facility. ](/news/2016/01/31/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-japan-north-korea-relations-japan-deploys-two-mim-104-patriot-surface-to-air-missile-interce.md) _Context: Japan, Tokyo_
7. [Japan-South Korea relations. Japan and South Korea agree to 'irreversibly' resolve a long-running dispute over Korean women the Japanese military used as sex slaves during World War II. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will issue a formal apology to the so-called "comfort women." Tokyo will set up an aid fund of about 1 billion yen ($8.3 million). ](/news/2015/12/28/japan-south-korea-relations-japan-and-south-korea-agree-to-irreversibly-resolve-a-long-running-dispute-over-korean-women-the-japanese-m.md) _Context: Japan, World War II_
8. [Australia-Japan relations. In Tokyo, Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says his country is -very disappointed- with Japan-s decision to resume whaling, but this dispute should not be allowed to hurt the two countries' special strategic ties. Malcolm Turnbull, who replaced Tony Abbott in September, is on his first visit to Japan which will include talks with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. ](/news/2015/12/18/australia-japan-relations-in-tokyo-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-says-his-country-is-very-disappointed-with-japan-s.md) _Context: Japan, Tokyo_
9. [An explosion at Japan's controversial Yasukuni Shrine for the war dead in Tokyo damages the ceiling and a wall of a public bathroom near the shrine-s southern entrance. No one was injured. ](/news/2015/11/23/an-explosion-at-japan-s-controversial-yasukuni-shrine-for-the-war-dead-in-tokyo-damages-the-ceiling-and-a-wall-of-a-public-bathroom-near-the.md) _Context: Japan, Tokyo_
10. [China-Japan-South Korea trilateral summit. The leaders of the People's Republic of China, South Korea and Japan hold their first summit in three years. ](/news/2015/11/1/china-japan-south-korea-trilateral-summit-the-leaders-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-south-korea-and-japan-hold-their-first-summit.md) _Context: China, Japan_
