### [2007-11-28](/news/2007/11/28/index.md)

#  The President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf stands down as the head of the Pakistan Army. [http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,313348,00.html (Fox News)] General Ashfaq Parvez Kayani succeeds Musharraf as the 14th Chief of Army Staff of the Pakistan Army.date=December 2007 




### Related:

1. [ Pakistan Army renews air attacks in the Swat valley targeting extremists positions.date=December 2007 Foreign ministers of the Commonwealth of Nations meet in London to discuss the issue of Pakistan. They demand that President Pervez Musharraf lift the state of emergency, release political prisoners and step down as army chief by November 22, or otherwise the country will be "suspended from the Councils of the Commonwealth." ](/news/2007/11/12/pakistan-army-renews-air-attacks-in-the-swat-valley-targeting-extremists-positions-date-december-2007-foreign-ministers-of-the-commonwealth.md) _Context: Pakistan army, Pervez Musharraf, president_
2. [ The Pakistani cabinet announces plans to drop all corruption charges against former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto.date=December 2007 The President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf appoints General Ashfaq Kiyani to succeed him as the head of the Pakistan Army after Saturday's election. ](/news/2007/10/2/the-pakistani-cabinet-announces-plans-to-drop-all-corruption-charges-against-former-prime-minister-benazir-bhutto-date-december-2007-the-pr.md) _Context: Pakistan army, Pervez Musharraf, president_
3. [ Abdul Qadeer Khan, founder of Pakistan's nuclear weapons program, is removed from his post as a special science and technology adviser to Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf after Khan, three other scientists and three low-level Pakistan Army officers are investigated in connection with the sharing of Pakistani nuclear technology with Iran, Libya and other countries in the late 1980s and early 1990s.](/news/2004/02/1/abdul-qadeer-khan-founder-of-pakistan-s-nuclear-weapons-program-is-removed-from-his-post-as-a-special-science-and-technology-adviser-to-p.md) _Context: Pakistan army, Pervez Musharraf, president_
4. [Two police officials found guilty of negligence and mistreatment of evidence are sentenced to 17 years in prison. Five accused TTP militants are acquitted. The main suspect, former president Pervez Musharraf, who now resides in Dubai, is declared a fugitive for having failed to show up in court and has his property confiscated. ](/news/2017/08/31/two-police-officials-found-guilty-of-negligence-and-mistreatment-of-evidence-are-sentenced-to-17-years-in-prison-five-accused-ttp-militants.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, president_
5. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, president_
6. [Former President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf survives an assassination attempt in Islamabad, Pakistan. There are no reports of injuries. ](/news/2014/04/3/former-president-of-pakistan-pervez-musharraf-survives-an-assassination-attempt-in-islamabad-pakistan-there-are-no-reports-of-injuries.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, president_
7. [A Pakistani court charges former President Pervez Musharraf with high treason in relation to the imposition of the emergency rule in 2007. ](/news/2014/03/31/a-pakistani-court-charges-former-president-pervez-musharraf-with-high-treason-in-relation-to-the-imposition-of-the-emergency-rule-in-2007.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, president_
8. [A Pakistani court indicts former President Pervez Musharraf for his alleged involvement in the 2007 assassination of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto. ](/news/2013/08/20/a-pakistani-court-indicts-former-president-pervez-musharraf-for-his-alleged-involvement-in-the-2007-assassination-of-former-prime-minister-b.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, president_
9. [Chaudhry Zulfiqar Ali, a prosecutor with Pakistan's Federal Investigation Agency leading the prosecution of former President Pervez Musharraf over alleged involvement in the assassination of Benazir Bhutto, is shot dead on the way to court in Islamabad. ](/news/2013/05/3/chaudhry-zulfiqar-ali-a-prosecutor-with-pakistan-s-federal-investigation-agency-leading-the-prosecution-of-former-president-pervez-musharra.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, president_
10. [Pakistan's former leader Pervez Musharraf is directed to appear before the country's Supreme Court on allegations of treason. ](/news/2013/04/8/pakistan-s-former-leader-pervez-musharraf-is-directed-to-appear-before-the-country-s-supreme-court-on-allegations-of-treason.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, president_
