### [2014-01-15](/news/2014/01/15/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War:Western and Arab countries pledge to give an additional US$1.4 billion for United Nations aid. 

Western and Gulf Arab nations pledged $1.4 billion (£852 million) on Wednesday for United Nations aid efforts in Syria, where an almost three-year-old civil war has left millions of people hungry, ailing or displaced.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/2014/01/15/uk-syria-crisis-aid-idUKBREA0E0N320140115)

### Related:

1. [Syrian civil war:Vladimir Putin urges the Western and Arab world to review their position. He asks to end the violence first, then sit around the table and only then move on to "these practical steps about the internal organisation of the country itself". ](/news/2012/09/6/syrian-civil-war-pvladimir-putin-urges-the-western-and-arab-world-to-review-their-position-he-asks-to-end-the-violence-first-then-sit-arou.md) _Context: Arab world, Syrian Civil War, Westerners_
2. [Syrian Civil War:Hezbollah leader, Hassan Nasrallah, calls on other sectarian forces in the Arab world to withdraw from Syria, saying that if they did so, Hezbollah would also "not remain in Syria either." ](/news/2014/02/16/syrian-civil-war-phezbollah-leader-hassan-nasrallah-calls-on-other-sectarian-forces-in-the-arab-world-to-withdraw-from-syria-saying-that.md) _Context: Arab world, Syrian Civil War_
3. [ Russia, Iran  and Turkey reach an agreement, effective this midnight, to establish four "safe zones" in Syria over which all military aircraft, including Turkish, Russian, and American aircraft, will be barred from flying.  ](/news/2017/05/5/russia-iran-and-turkey-reach-an-agreement-effective-this-midnight-to-establish-four-safe-zones-in-syria-over-which-all-military-aircr.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
4. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
5. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
6. [Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated.  Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterday-the-united-sta.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
7. [The United States launches 60  Tomahawk cruise missiles aimed at the Ash Sha'irat air base in Homs Governorate in response to the Syrian government's alleged use of chemical weapons in its attack on the town of Khan Shaykhun. The Government of Syria claims the attack killed six soldiers and nine civilians, including four children. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-united-states-launches-60-tomahawk-cruise-missiles-aimed-at-the-ash-sha-irat-air-base-in-homs-governorate-in-response-to-the-syrian-gov.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
8. [A toxic gas attack, allegedly by Syrian warplanes, kills at least 83 and injures many more in rebel-held Khan Shaykhun, Idlib. ](/news/2017/04/4/a-toxic-gas-attack-allegedly-by-syrian-warplanes-kills-at-least-83-and-injures-many-more-in-rebel-held-khan-shaykhun-idlib.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
9. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a large explosion near Damascus International Airport followed by a fire. The Syrian government says Israel struck the military site with several missiles. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz states that the strike "corresponds completely with Israel's policy". ](/news/2017/04/27/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-large-explosion-near-damascus-international-airport-followed-by-a-fire-the-syrian-governm.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
10. [A car bomb strikes a convoy of buses near Aleppo which were carrying evacuees from the pro-government towns of Al-Fu'ah and Kafriya. Over 100 people are killed. ](/news/2017/04/15/a-car-bomb-strikes-a-convoy-of-buses-near-aleppo-which-were-carrying-evacuees-from-the-pro-government-towns-of-al-fu-ah-and-kafriya-over-10.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War_
