### [2014-01-15](/news/2014/01/15/index.md)

# The National Security Agency uses radio waves to spy on computers. 




### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2014/01/15/us/nsa-effort-pries-open-computers-not-connected-to-internet.html?_r=0)

### Related:

1. [The Shadow Brokers group releases files allegedly from the National Security Agency which indicate efforts to monitor financial transactions made through the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication. ](/news/2017/04/14/the-shadow-brokers-group-releases-files-allegedly-from-the-national-security-agency-which-indicate-efforts-to-monitor-financial-transactions.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
2. [The Supreme Court of Norway rejects NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden's extradition lawsuit against the Norwegian government. ](/news/2016/11/25/the-supreme-court-of-norway-rejects-nsa-whistleblower-edward-snowden-s-extradition-lawsuit-against-the-norwegian-government.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
3. [The United States Department of Justice charges a top secret security clearance National Security Agency contractor, Harold Thomas Martin III, with theft of government property and unauthorised removal of "highly classified" materials. ](/news/2016/10/5/the-united-states-department-of-justice-charges-a-top-secret-security-clearance-national-security-agency-contractor-harold-thomas-martin-ii.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
4. [Following his October 5 arrest, U.S. federal prosecutors in Baltimore charge Harold T. Martin III, a former National Security Agency contractor, for violating the Espionage Act, specifically, with felony theft of government property. Prosecutors state that, over a 20-year time period, Martin stole at least 50 terabytes of data and "six full bankers boxes" of classified and other documents. The prosecutors state that Martin had an "arsenal" of weapons in his home. ](/news/2016/10/20/following-his-october-5-arrest-u-s-federal-prosecutors-in-baltimore-charge-harold-t-martin-iii-a-former-national-security-agency-contrac.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
5. [The U.S. House Intelligence Committee releases a summary of its two-year investigation into former NSA contractor Edward Snowden which downplays his alleged status as a whistleblower while acknowledging "tremendous damage to national security" as a result of the classified documents he stole. ](/news/2016/09/15/the-u-s-house-intelligence-committee-releases-a-summary-of-its-two-year-investigation-into-former-nsa-contractor-edward-snowden-which-downp.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
6. [The U.S. National Security Agency's website goes down amid hacking fears. ](/news/2016/08/17/the-u-s-national-security-agency-s-website-goes-down-amid-hacking-fears.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
7. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel's office confirms German Federal Intelligence Service President Gerhard Schindler will be replaced by Bruno Kahl. Schindler has been widely criticized following the disclosure his agency spied for the U.S. National Security Agency. ](/news/2016/04/27/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-s-office-confirms-german-federal-intelligence-service-president-gerhard-schindler-will-be-replaced-by-bruno.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
8. [NSA documents show the US and UK spied on Israeli military drones and fighter jets. ](/news/2016/01/30/nsa-documents-show-the-us-and-uk-spied-on-israeli-military-drones-and-fighter-jets.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
9. [Federal district court judge  Richard Leon rules the National Security Agency's bulk collection  of U.S. phone records is unconstitutional. This ruling  has limited impact since it applies to only one case, and the NSA is scheduled to replace this protocol with a more targeted system the end of this month. ](/news/2015/11/9/federal-district-court-judge-richard-leon-rules-the-national-security-agencyas-bulk-collection-of-u-s-phone-records-is-unconstitutional.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
10. [The United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia suspends district court judge Richard Leon's ruling yesterday that found the U.S. National Security Agency's phone data collection program is unconstitutional. Leon's decision barred the agency from further collection of data on the plaintiffs in the case -- California attorney J.J. Little and his law firm -- but did not have sufficient authority to outlaw the practice against all Americans. The government plea for the injunction said it will take "at least several weeks" for the NSA to implement a technical change that would prevent collection of Little's data and therefore the entire program would have to shut down early based on Leon's order. ](/news/2015/11/10/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-district-of-columbia-suspends-district-court-judge-richard-leon-s-ruling-yesterday-that-found-the.md) _Context: National Security Agency_
