### [2011-02-17](/news/2011/02/17/index.md)

# Palestinian National Authority President Mahmoud Abbas says that general elections in September would be canceled if Hamas refused to allow voting in the Gaza Strip. 

PA president declares that elections must include West Bank and the Hamas-controlled Gaza Strip.


### Source:

1. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/MiddleEast/Article.aspx?id=208637&newsletter=170211)

### Related:

1. [ Hamas militants are considering lighter ceasefire terms offered by Fatah, specifically Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. They are giving Israel until May 27 to respond to this agreement, that would only end Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip. Hamas has said, however, that they are not completely committed to their offer. Israeli attack helicopters launch missile strikes on a various facilities, including a security facility near Palestinian Prime Minister Haniyeh's home. At least three people are injured by the air strikes. ](/news/2007/05/26/hamas-militants-are-considering-lighter-ceasefire-terms-offered-by-fatah-specifically-palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-they-are-giving.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, Palestinian National Authority_
2. [Hamas' interior ministry executes three Palestinians in Gaza, without the approval of the President of the Palestinian National Authority, Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2010/05/18/hamas-interior-ministry-executes-three-palestinians-in-gaza-without-the-approval-of-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-m.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
3. [ President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas states in a speech that "we have to bring down" Hamas. ](/news/2007/11/15/president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-states-in-a-speech-that-we-have-to-bring-down-hamas.md) _Context: Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, Palestinian National Authority_
4. [ Masked gunmen kill an officer of an elite force loyal to the President of PNA Mahmoud Abbas in a dawn raid on a Gaza training camp as tensions worsen between Hamas and Fatah. ](/news/2006/12/17/masked-gunmen-kill-an-officer-of-an-elite-force-loyal-to-the-president-of-pna-mahmoud-abbas-in-a-dawn-raid-on-a-gaza-training-camp-as-tensi.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
5. [Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian National Authority, accepts the resignation of Prime Minister Rami Hamdallah who had offered his resignation on Thursday. ](/news/2013/06/23/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-accepts-the-resignation-of-prime-minister-rami-hamdallah-who-had-offered.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, Palestinian National Authority_
6. [Salam Fayyad resigns as Prime Minister of the Palestinian National Authority following an ongoing dispute with the President Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2013/04/13/salam-fayyad-resigns-as-prime-minister-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-following-an-ongoing-dispute-with-the-president-mahmoud-abbas.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, Palestinian National Authority_
7. [During the opening of the General Assembly of the United Nations, the President of the Palestinian National Authority, Mahmoud Abbas, makes a bid for UN recognition in a unilateral declaration of a Palestinian state, which would exist in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank, and have East Jerusalem as its capital. ](/news/2011/09/23/during-the-opening-of-the-general-assembly-of-the-united-nations-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-makes.md) _Context: Gaza, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
8. [Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian National Authority, says he will push for full United Nations membership as a nation state for the Palestinian National Authority at the September 23 UN General Assembly meeting. ](/news/2011/09/16/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-says-he-will-push-for-full-united-nations-membership-as-a-nation-state-f.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, Palestinian National Authority_
9. [Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas tells that peace negotiations will not continue until Israel makes a new settlement freeze on the West Bank, ending the current Israel-Palestine peace negotiations after just one month, though maintaining contacts with the United States. ](/news/2010/10/2/palestinian-president-mahmoud-abbas-tells-that-peace-negotiations-will-not-continue-until-israel-makes-a-new-settlement-freeze-on-the-west-b.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, Palestinian National Authority_
10. [President of the United States Barack Obama meets President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas at the White House in Washington, D.C., United States and promises Palestinians $400 million in US assistance for the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2010/06/9/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-meets-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-at-the-white-house-in-washin.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, Palestinian National Authority_
