### [2011-02-17](/news/2011/02/17/index.md)

# The CBC releases information about an alleged attack originating from China against the computer networks of the Finance Department and Treasury Board in Canada, forcing the immediate shutdown of all internet access in both departments. 

An unprecedented cyberattack on the Canadian government also targeted Defence Research and Development Canada, making it the third key department compromised by hackers, CBC News has learned. 


### Source:

1. [CBC News](http://www.cbc.ca/politics/story/2011/02/16/pol-weston-hacking.html)

### Related:

1. [Computer security company McAfee says hackers based in the People's Republic of China have targeted computer networks of global oil companies and individuals in Kazakhstan, Taiwan, Greece, and the United States, to steal information starting in 2009. ](/news/2011/02/11/computer-security-company-mcafee-says-hackers-based-in-the-people-s-republic-of-china-have-targeted-computer-networks-of-global-oil-companie.md) _Context: Chinese, attack_
2. [ UNESCO designates 22 new World Heritage Sites, including the Sydney Opera House; Canada's Rideau Canal; Japan's Iwami Ginzan Silver Mine; Turkmenistan's Parthian Fortresses of Nisa; India's Red Fort complexes; the Lope-Okanda Landscape of Gabon; the Richtersveld desert of South Africa; the rock carvings of Twyfelfontein in Namibia; the fortified tower houses of Guangdong Province in the People's Republic of China; Teide National Park in the Canary Islands, Spain; the ancient beech forests of Central Europe; Mehmed Pasa Sokolovic Bridge in Bosnia and Herzegovina; Bordeaux and the Port de la Lune in France; the Old Town of Corfu in Greece; and the Palace of Galerius in Gamzigrad-Romuliana in Serbia. ](/news/2007/06/28/unesco-designates-22-new-world-heritage-sites-including-the-sydney-opera-house-canada-s-rideau-canal-japan-s-iwami-ginzan-silver-mine-t.md) _Context: Canada, Chinese_
3. [ In Canada, the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation and the Canadian Media Guild announce a preliminary agreement to end the current lockout of CMG members in most of the country which seriously impaired corporation's programming since August 17. ](/news/2005/10/3/in-canada-the-canadian-broadcasting-corporation-and-the-canadian-media-guild-announce-a-preliminary-agreement-to-end-the-current-lockout-o.md) _Context: CBC, Canada_
4. [ People's Republic of China President Hu Jintao meets with Canadian Prime Minister Paul Martin in Ottawa. The event is met with protesters and supporters of the Chinese government. Martin and Hu agree on a new "Strategic Partnership", and sign a series of agreements on transportation, food inspection, and scientific research. Hu also meets with Governor General Adrienne Clarkson. ](/news/2005/09/9/people-s-republic-of-china-president-hu-jintao-meets-with-canadian-prime-minister-paul-martin-in-ottawa-the-event-is-met-with-protesters-a.md) _Context: Canada, Chinese_
5. [ Due to stalled labour talks, the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation locks out the company's 5500 members of the Canadian Media Guild, severely disrupting operations in most of Canada.  The key point of contention is the broadcaster's insistence on more contract employees to the expense of full time positions. ](/news/2005/08/15/due-to-stalled-labour-talks-the-canadian-broadcasting-corporation-locks-out-the-company-s-5500-members-of-the-canadian-media-guild-severe.md) _Context: CBC, Canada_
6. [ Canada's Federal Court of Appeal denies Chinese businessman Lai Changxing refugee status. China wants him for large-scale smuggling. ](/news/2005/04/15/canada-s-federal-court-of-appeal-denies-chinese-businessman-lai-changxing-refugee-status-china-wants-him-for-large-scale-smuggling.md) _Context: Canada, Chinese_
7. [An early morning fire in the Chinese city of Changshu in Jiangsu province kills 22 people and injures three. ](/news/2017/07/16/an-early-morning-fire-in-the-chinese-city-of-changshu-in-jiangsu-province-kills-22-people-and-injures-three.md) _Context: Chinese_
8. [Canada celebrates the sesquicentennial (150-year) anniversary of the Canadian Confederation. ](/news/2017/07/1/canada-celebrates-the-sesquicentennial-150-year-anniversary-of-the-canadian-confederation.md) _Context: Canada_
9. [A state of emergency is declared in Montreal, Canada as 1,200 Canadian Forces personnel are deployed in the province of Quebec to help with rising floodwaters. 146 communities are affected and more than 1,500 residents have been evacuated from their homes. ](/news/2017/05/7/a-state-of-emergency-is-declared-in-montreal-canada-as-1-200-canadian-forces-personnel-are-deployed-in-the-province-of-quebec-to-help-with.md) _Context: Canada_
10. [A spokesman for the Taiwan Affairs Office of People's Republic of China says Taiwan is barred from observing this year's World Health Assembly because current President Tsai Ing-wen has not endorsed the Beijing view that both sides belong to a single China under the One-China policy; the spokesman further said that the health of people in Taiwan is not being put at risk by Taiwan's inability to attend. ](/news/2017/05/10/a-spokesman-for-the-taiwan-affairs-office-of-people-s-republic-of-china-says-taiwan-is-barred-from-observing-this-yearas-world-health-asse.md) _Context: Chinese_
