### [2007-07-26](/news/2007/07/26/index.md)

#  Israeli troops and airstrike kill four militants in an incursion into the Gaza Strip including three members of Islamic Jihad and one Hamas member. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/6918088.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Six Israeli soldiers are killed in the Gaza Strip during an incursion when their armored personnel carrier triggered an explosive device. Hamas and Islamic Jihad claim to hold a portion of the remains of the soldiers: "We possess the remains of your bodies that were thrown into the streets of Gaza. We have our demands to hand them over to the Zionist occupier" ](/news/2004/05/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-six-israeli-soldiers-are-killed-in-the-gaza-strip-during-an-incursion-when-their-armored-personnel-carrier-tr.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
2. [ Palestinians are killed and wounded in attack on the main crossing point between the Gaza Strip and Israel. Hamas, Islamic Jihad, and the al-Aqsa Martyrs Brigades claim responsibility. ](/news/2004/03/6/palestinians-are-killed-and-wounded-in-attack-on-the-main-crossing-point-between-the-gaza-strip-and-israel-hamas-islamic-jihad-and-the-a.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel kills senior Hamas official, Ismail Abu Shanab, by a missile strike in the Gaza Strip and sent tanks into the West Bank towns of Nablus, Jenin and Tulkarem in response to a deadly suicide bombing of a bus in Jerusalem. In Hebron, troops destroy the terrorist bomber's home. Hamas and Islamic Jihad end their participation in the cease fire (in response to Israel's action from the two groups' bombing), declaring themselves as enemies to the peace plan, and vow further terrorist acts. The militants demand that Palestinian prime minister, Mahmoud Abbas, leave their area of control.](/news/2003/08/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-kills-senior-hamas-official-ismail-abu-shanab-by-a-missile-strike-in-the-gaza-strip-and-sent-tanks-i.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, Israel_
4. [Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel_
5. [A Palestinian woman is killed and another person is injured in the Gaza Strip by tank fire from Israel. Israel said it responded to mortar rounds and the discovery of another tunnel by Hamas. ](/news/2016/05/5/a-palestinian-woman-is-killed-and-another-person-is-injured-in-the-gaza-strip-by-tank-fire-from-israel-israel-said-it-responded-to-mortar-r.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel_
6. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel_
7. [Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation" with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaza-will-fulfil-its-role-in-the-je.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel_
8. [Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence. ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapsed-a-nearby-house-killing-a-30-y.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel_
9. [Several rockets were fired from Gaza at Israel and exploded near the cities of Ashdod, Netivot and Ashkelon causing no casualties. The IDF retaliated with airstrikes against empty Hamas training camps in Gaza. ](/news/2015/06/4/several-rockets-were-fired-from-gaza-at-israel-and-exploded-near-the-cities-of-ashdod-netivot-and-ashkelon-causing-no-casualties-the-idf-r.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel_
10. [Israel extends a humanitarian ceasefire on the Gaza Strip but Hamas refuses to do so unless Israel withdraws its tanks. Fighting has resumed. ](/news/2014/07/27/israel-extends-a-humanitarian-ceasefire-on-the-gaza-strip-but-hamas-refuses-to-do-so-unless-israel-withdraws-its-tanks-fighting-has-resumed.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas, Israel_
