### [2007-07-26](/news/2007/07/26/index.md)

#  Mohammad Dahlan resigns as National Security Adviser to the President of the Palestinian Authority Mahmoud Abbas due to his role in the recent defeat of Fatah in the Gaza Strip. 

Muhammad Dahlan resigned today from his post as national security adviser to Mahmoud Abbas.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2007/07/26/world/middleeast/26cnd-mideast.html?_r=1&hp&oref=slogin)

### Related:

1. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict: Hamas militants are considering lighter ceasefire terms offered by Fatah, specifically Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas. They are giving Israel until May 27 to respond to this agreement, that would only end Israeli operations in the Gaza Strip. Hamas has said, however, that they are not completely committed to their offer. Israeli attack helicopters launch missile strikes on a various facilities, including a security facility near Palestinian Prime Minister Haniyeh's home. At least three people are injured by the air strikes. ](/news/2007/05/26/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-p-hamas-militants-are-considering-lighter-ceasefire-terms-offered-by-fatah-specifically-palestinian-president-ma.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip, Mahmoud Abbas_
2. [ Hamas-Fatah conflict:  Masked gunmen kill an officer of an elite force loyal to the President of PNA Mahmoud Abbas in a dawn raid on a Gaza training camp as tensions worsen between Hamas and Fatah. ](/news/2006/12/17/hamas-fatah-conflict-p-masked-gunmen-kill-an-officer-of-an-elite-force-loyal-to-the-president-of-pna-mahmoud-abbas-in-a-dawn-raid-on-a-gaz.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip, Mahmoud Abbas_
3. [ President of the Palestinian Authority, Mahmoud Abbas, has cancelled the Fatah Primary Elections after accusations of voter fraud were made. ](/news/2005/11/29/president-of-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-has-cancelled-the-fatah-primary-elections-after-accusations-of-voter-fraud-were-made.md) _Context: Fatah, Mahmoud Abbas, President of the Palestinian Authority_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel has postponed security talks with Palestinians following a mortar attack by Hamas on the Gush Katif Jewish settlements in the Gaza Strip.  Hamas claim the attack was in retaliation for an attack by Jewish settlers which left one man dead. Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas responds by firing the top security commanders in the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2005/02/10/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-has-postponed-security-talks-with-palestinians-following-a-mortar-attack-by-hamas-on-the-gush-katif-je.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Mahmoud Abbas, President of the Palestinian Authority_
5. [Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, states that Palestine will no longer abide by the Oslo accords and claims that Israel has not been complying with them. ](/news/2015/09/30/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palestinian-authority-states-that-palestine-will-no-longer-abide-by-the-oslo-accords-and-claims-that-is.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, President of the Palestinian Authority_
6. [Fatah and Hamas agree to form a unity government on the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2014/09/26/fatah-and-hamas-agree-to-form-a-unity-government-on-the-gaza-strip.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip_
7. [Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the State of Palestine, announces a unity cabinet containing members of both Fatah and Hamas. ](/news/2014/06/2/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-state-of-palestine-announces-a-unity-cabinet-containing-members-of-both-fatah-and-hamas.md) _Context: Fatah, Mahmoud Abbas_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Israel suspends peace talks with the Palestinian Authority following an announcement of a unity agreement between the ruling Palestinian faction Fatah and the militant Hamas rulers of Gaza. ](/news/2014/04/24/israeliapalestinian-conflict-pisrael-suspends-peace-talks-with-the-palestinian-authority-following-an-announcement-of-a-unity-agreement-be.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Hundreds of thousands of people rally in Gaza in a show of unity between the governing Hamas, elected in 2006, and Fatah, in opposition since then. ](/news/2013/01/4/israeliapalestinian-conflict-phundreds-of-thousands-of-people-rally-in-gaza-in-a-show-of-unity-between-the-governing-hamas-elected-in-200.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip_
10. [Hamas suspends voter registration in the Gaza Strip, stalling Palestinian plans for parliamentary and presidential elections and thwarting moves towards reconciliation with the rival Fatah party. ](/news/2012/07/2/hamas-suspends-voter-registration-in-the-gaza-strip-stalling-palestinian-plans-for-parliamentary-and-presidential-elections-and-thwarting-m.md) _Context: Fatah, Gaza Strip_
