### [2007-07-26](/news/2007/07/26/index.md)

#  United States District Court judge Nancy Gertner orders the United States Government to pay $101.5 million in compensation to four men for wrongful convictions when the Federal Bureau of Investigation withheld exculpatory evidence. 

A federal judge ordered the government to pay $101 million to two men and the families of two others wrongfully convicted of a 1965 murder in order to protect an FBI informant.


### Source:

1. [AP via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,290914,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Crime in Alaska. A woman is killed aboard the "Emerald Princess" cruise ship as it sails to a port of call in Juneau, Alaska, U.S. The passengers are detained while the FBI investigates. Authorities suspect the incident is related to domestic violence. ](/news/2017/07/26/crime-in-alaska-a-woman-is-killed-aboard-the-emerald-princess-cruise-ship-as-it-sails-to-a-port-of-call-in-juneau-alaska-u-s-the-passe.md) _Context: FBI_
2. [Political appointments of Donald Trump. United States president Donald Trump announces lawyer Christopher A. Wray as his nominee to be director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/06/7/political-appointments-of-donald-trump-united-states-president-donald-trump-announces-lawyer-christopher-a-wray-as-his-nominee-to-be-direc.md) _Context: FBI_
3. [Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. Jared Kushner, son-in-law of and Senior Advisor to the President of the United States, is identified as a main focus of investigations into Russian ties by the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/05/25/russian-interference-in-the-2016-united-states-elections-jared-kushner-son-in-law-of-and-senior-advisor-to-the-president-of-the-united-sta.md) _Context: FBI_
4. [The Federal Bureau of Investigation raids a Republican fundraising firm in Annapolis, Maryland. ](/news/2017/05/11/the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-raids-a-republican-fundraising-firm-in-annapolis-maryland.md) _Context: FBI_
5. [Shooting of Robert Godwin. The search for the suspect in the killing of an elderly man in Cleveland, whose murder was posted to Facebook, expands beyond Ohio, with the FBI urging residents in Indiana, Michigan, New York, and Pennsylvania to be on alert for the suspect. ](/news/2017/04/17/shooting-of-robert-godwin-the-search-for-the-suspect-in-the-killing-of-an-elderly-man-in-cleveland-whose-murder-was-posted-to-facebook-ex.md) _Context: FBI_
6. [Kidnapping of Elizabeth Thomas. The Federal Bureau of Investigation becomes involved in the search for Elizabeth Thomas and the manhunt for her suspected kidnapper, Tad Cummins. ](/news/2017/03/16/kidnapping-of-elizabeth-thomas-the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-becomes-involved-in-the-search-for-elizabeth-thomas-and-the-manhunt-for.md) _Context: FBI_
7. [Hillary Clinton email controversy. Federal Bureau of Investigation chief James Comey tells the United States Congress that he has found no evidence of criminality by Hillary Clinton in relation to a new batch of emails. ](/news/2016/11/6/hillary-clinton-email-controversy-federal-bureau-of-investigation-chief-james-comey-tells-the-united-states-congress-that-he-has-found-no-e.md) _Context: FBI_
8. [Volkswagen emissions scandal. A new class action lawsuit, filed on Tuesday in U.S. federal court in Illinois, claims the Volkswagen Group used emission defeat devices in at least six of its Audi V6 gasoline engines. ](/news/2016/11/13/volkswagen-emissions-scandal-a-new-class-action-lawsuit-filed-on-tuesday-in-u-s-federal-court-in-illinois-claims-the-volkswagen-group-us.md) _Context: U.S. federal court_
9. [U.S. officials are investigating the hacking of election system databases in Illinois and Arizona. The FBI alerted all election officials nationwide about this issue earlier this month. ](/news/2016/08/29/u-s-officials-are-investigating-the-hacking-of-election-system-databases-in-illinois-and-arizona-the-fbi-alerted-all-election-officials-na.md) _Context: FBI_
10. [ A police officer from Bethel, Alaska, will be sentenced to prison for charges related to police brutality in a 2014 case involving an intoxicated man. The charges followed an investigation by the Federal Bureau of Investigations civil rights division. The former officer, Andrew Reid, was found to have used excessive force and lying on official police reports. The victim suffered a separated shoulder and other injuries. ](/news/2016/08/24/a-police-officer-from-bethel-alaska-will-be-sentenced-to-prison-for-charges-related-to-police-brutality-in-a-2014-case-involving-an-intox.md) _Context: FBI_
