### [2016-06-7](/news/2016/06/7/index.md)

# The search continues for three missing people in the Australian states of New South Wales and Tasmania. Four deaths have so far been confirmed in the Australian Capital Territory, Tasmania and NSW. 

Deadly storms in NSW and the ACT have claimed three lives amid grave concerns for three people missing in floods in Tasmania, and one man off Bondi Beach.


### Source:

1. [ABC](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2016-06-07/woman's-body-found-latrobe-tasmania-major-flooding-wreaks-havoc/7483726)
2. [AAP via 9 News](http://www.9news.com.au/national/2016/06/07/09/31/deadly-storms-in-nsw-act-and-tasmania)

### Related:

1. [Three bodies have been discovered in flood waters: two in the state of New South Wales and one in the Australian Capital Territory. Two people are missing in Tasmania. ](/news/2016/06/6/three-bodies-have-been-discovered-in-flood-waters-two-in-the-state-of-new-south-wales-and-one-in-the-australian-capital-territory-two-peop.md) _Context: Australian Capital Territory, Australian east coast low, New South Wales, Tasmania_
2. [  New South Wales facing evacuations and a rising flood threat as heavy rain and high winds hit Sydney and Newcastle. Parts of Victoria and Tasmania are braced for wild weather. ](/news/2016/06/5/new-south-wales-facing-evacuations-and-a-rising-flood-threat-as-heavy-rain-and-high-winds-hit-sydney-and-newcastle-parts-of-victoria-and.md) _Context: Australian east coast low, New South Wales, Tasmania_
3. [The storm in Australia's New South Wales is declared a "catastrophe" with four  deaths, heavy flooding and disruption of transport to the state's largest cities Sydney and Newcastle. ](/news/2015/04/22/the-storm-in-australia-s-new-south-wales-is-declared-a-catastrophe-with-four-deaths-heavy-flooding-and-disruption-of-transport-to-the-st.md) _Context: Australia, Australian east coast low, New South Wales_
4. [ Australia: New South Wales, Queensland and South Australia as well as the Australian Capital Territory have agreed to hand over control of the Murray-Darling Basin to the federal government. Negotiations continue with Victoria. ](/news/2007/02/23/australia-p-new-south-wales-queensland-and-south-australia-as-well-as-the-australian-capital-territory-have-agreed-to-hand-over-control-of.md) _Context: Australia, Australian Capital Territory, New South Wales_
5. [The death toll from Cyclone Debbie and the associated flooding in the Australian states of New South Wales and Queensland rises to five people. ](/news/2017/04/2/the-death-toll-from-cyclone-debbie-and-the-associated-flooding-in-the-australian-states-of-new-south-wales-and-queensland-rises-to-five-peop.md) _Context: Australia, New South Wales_
6. [The New South Wales Rural Fire Service issues an emergency warning for a bush fire located to the east of Dunedoo in New South Wales, Australia. The warning comes amidst "unprecedented" fire conditions across the region, deemed to be worse than the conditions precipitating the 2009 Black Saturday bushfires in Victoria. ](/news/2017/02/12/the-new-south-wales-rural-fire-service-issues-an-emergency-warning-for-a-bush-fire-located-to-the-east-of-dunedoo-in-new-south-wales-austra.md) _Context: Australia, New South Wales_
7. [Protesters on Norfolk Island, an external territory of Australia, occupy the former Legislative Assembly to protest Australia's termination of the island's autonomy. In July, Norfolk Island is set to become part of the State of New South Wales. ](/news/2016/04/29/protesters-on-norfolk-island-an-external-territory-of-australia-occupy-the-former-legislative-assembly-to-protest-australia-s-termination.md) _Context: Australia, New South Wales_
8. [Australian police in Sydney arrest two men  who, police say, were planning attacks on locations such as  naval bases and police headquarters. New South Wales Deputy Police Commissioner  Catherine Burn said Wednesday's activity brings the number of people arrested in connection with last year's Operation Appleby to 13. ](/news/2015/12/23/australian-police-in-sydney-arrest-two-men-who-police-say-were-planning-attacks-on-locations-such-as-naval-bases-and-police-headquarters.md) _Context: Australia, New South Wales_
9. [Three people have died in floods in the Australian town of Dungog, New South Wales as heavy rains and cyclonic winds hits the state of New South Wales causing widespread flooding, loss of power to over 100,000 homes and disruption of transport services. ](/news/2015/04/21/three-people-have-died-in-floods-in-the-australian-town-of-dungog-new-south-wales-as-heavy-rains-and-cyclonic-winds-hits-the-state-of-new-s.md) _Context: Australian east coast low, New South Wales_
10. [Two people are missing in the Hunter Region of New South Wales as an Australian east coast low causes widespread flooding, gale force winds and the loss of power to 140,000 properties. ](/news/2015/04/20/two-people-are-missing-in-the-hunter-region-of-new-south-wales-as-an-australian-east-coast-low-causes-widespread-flooding-gale-force-winds.md) _Context: Australian east coast low, New South Wales_
