### [2016-06-7](/news/2016/06/7/index.md)

# United States presidential election, 2016. Voters go to the polls in six states, including California and New Jersey, with Hillary Clinton gaining enough delegates to become the presumptive nominee of the Democratic Party. She will be the first woman nominee by a major party to run for President of the United States. 

U.S. presidential candidates Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump kicked off a fierce general election battle, with Democrats accusing Trump of erratic behavior and the Republican threatening to bring up old Clinton scandals.


### Source:

1. [ (NMPolitics.net](http://nmpolitics.net/index/2016/06/clinton-wins-nm-becomes-presumptive-dem-nominee/)
2. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/U/US_2016_ELECTION_NEW_JERSEY_GOP?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT)
3. [AP²](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/a6c31e9a7791497b8950a3e3d3d40de4/history-hand-clinton-faces-voters-presumptive-nominee)
4. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2016/06/07/clinton-clinches-democratic-presidential-nomination-fox-news-projects.html)
5. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-election-clinton-idUSKCN0YS0Y4)

### Related:

1. [2016 United States election interference by Russia. A declassified U.S. intelligence report claims that Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election against Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2017/01/6/2016-united-states-election-interference-by-russia-a-declassified-u-s-intelligence-report-claims-that-vladimir-putin-ordered-a-campaign-to.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
2. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016. Although he lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.. The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016-although-he-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nominee-for.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
3. [United States presidential election, 2016. Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton and Republican Party nominee Donald Trump hold the first presidential debate of the 2016 presidential election at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York. ](/news/2016/09/26/united-states-presidential-election-2016-democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-republican-party-nominee-donald-trump-hold-the-first.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016. The Commission on Presidential Debates officially announces the invitation of Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton, and GOP nominee Donald Trump, to the first presidential debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York, on September 26. However, third party candidates, Gary Johnson and Jill Stein, have not met the criteria, and will not be participants in the debate. ](/news/2016/09/16/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-commission-on-presidential-debates-officially-announces-the-invitation-of-democratic-party-no.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016. Hillary Clinton's doctor says she is being treated for pneumonia and dehydration after the Democratic Party presidential candidate fell ill and abruptly left a ceremony in New York City honoring the 15th anniversary of the September 11 attacks. ](/news/2016/09/11/united-states-presidential-election-2016-hillary-clinton-s-doctor-says-she-is-being-treated-for-pneumonia-and-dehydration-after-the-democr.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
6. [Democratic National Committee cyber attacks. Democratic presidential election nominee Hillary Clinton accuses Russian intelligence services of being behind recent hacks into Democratic National Committee computers, while also accusing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of supporting Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2016/07/31/democratic-national-committee-cyber-attacks-democratic-presidential-election-nominee-hillary-clinton-accuses-russian-intelligence-services.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
7. [United States presidential election, 2016. Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders endorses Democratic Party rival Hillary Clinton for president at a rally in New Hampshire, effectively suspending his presidential campaign. ](/news/2016/07/12/united-states-presidential-election-2016-vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-endorses-democratic-party-rival-hillary-clinton-for-president-at-a.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
8. [Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016. The Associated Press reports that Hillary Clinton has the support of enough delegates to secure the Democratic Party nomination. Since delegates do not vote until the convention though, she is the presumptive nominee of the party. ](/news/2016/06/6/democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-the-associated-press-reports-that-hillary-clinton-has-the-support-of-enough-delegates-to-secu.md) _Context: Democratic, Hillary Clinton, presumptive nominee_
9. [United States presidential election, 2016. Hillary Clinton wins the Washington D.C. Democratic Party primary, the last scheduled primary on the party's schedule before the 2016 Democratic National Convention in late July. ](/news/2016/06/14/united-states-presidential-election-2016-hillary-clinton-wins-the-washington-d-c-democratic-party-primary-the-last-scheduled-primary-on.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
10. [United States presidential election, 2016. Voters in South Carolina go to the polls for the Democratic Party primary. Hillary Clinton won. ](/news/2016/02/27/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-south-carolina-go-to-the-polls-for-the-democratic-party-primary-hillary-clinton-won.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Democratic, Hillary Clinton_
