### [2015-03-8](/news/2015/03/8/index.md)

# A court in Moscow charges two men of Chechen origin, Zaur Dadayev and Ansor Gubashev, who were among five arrested March 7, with the murder of Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov. The others also arrested, Gubashev's younger brother Shahid Gubashev and two others named only as Bakhayev and Eskerkhanov, are still only suspects. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via MSN](http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/world/two-charged-with-nemtsov-murder-in-russian-court/ar-AA9whWS)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2015/03/07/europe/russia-nemtsov-murder-arrest/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Russian authorities arrest five men, Anzor Gubashev and Zaur Dadayev, suspects from the rebellious North Caucasus region, according to Russian state media reports, relying on a statement from the Russian Federal Security Service Director Alexander Bortnikov. However, Nemtsov's daughter, Zhanna Nemtsova, speaking from Germany, says she has no idea who they are. Many still suspect Russian governmental involvement in his death. ](/news/2015/03/7/russian-authorities-arrest-five-men-anzor-gubashev-and-zaur-dadayev-suspects-from-the-rebellious-north-caucasus-region-according-to-russi.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov, Boris Nemtsov's assassination, Zaur Dadayev_
2. [The Kremlin's Rights Council states that they believe that Zaur Dadayev, a former Chechen police officer, who confessed to being part of the murder of Boris Nemtsov did so after being tortured. ](/news/2015/03/11/the-kremlin-s-rights-council-states-that-they-believe-that-zaur-dadayev-a-former-chechen-police-officer-who-confessed-to-being-part-of-the.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov, Boris Nemtsov's assassination, Zaur Dadayev_
3. [Tens of thousands of people march through Moscow, Russia, to commemorate the two-year anniversary of opposition leader Boris Nemtsov's assassination. ](/news/2017/02/26/tens-of-thousands-of-people-march-through-moscow-russia-to-commemorate-the-two-year-anniversary-of-opposition-leader-boris-nemtsov-s-assas.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov's assassination, Moscow_
4. [A large rally, with estimated counts ranging from 7,500 to 100,000, honors former deputy prime minister and opposition leader Boris Nemtsov on the first anniversary of his assassination near the Kremlin. ](/news/2016/02/27/a-large-rally-with-estimated-counts-ranging-from-7-500-to-100-000-honors-former-deputy-prime-minister-and-opposition-leader-boris-nemtsov.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov, Boris Nemtsov's assassination_
5. [In Moscow, an unidentified attacker assassinates leading Russian opposition politician Boris Nemtsov, the former Deputy Chairman of the Government of the Russian Federation and current member of regional parliament of Yaroslavl Oblast. ](/news/2015/02/27/in-moscow-an-unidentified-attacker-assassinates-leading-russian-opposition-politician-boris-nemtsov-the-former-deputy-chairman-of-the-gove.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov, Boris Nemtsov's assassination_
6. [Russian police detain more than 150 people including prominent opponents of Prime Minister of Russia Vladimir Putin such as former Deputy Prime Minister Boris Nemtsov, following protests in Moscow and Saint Petersburg in support of freedom of assembly. ](/news/2010/08/31/russian-police-detain-more-than-150-people-including-prominent-opponents-of-prime-minister-of-russia-vladimir-putin-such-as-former-deputy-pr.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov, Moscow_
7. [Moscow police detain five protesters after they attempted to deliver a petition to investigate the status of LGBT rights in Chechnya to the Prosecutor General of Russia. ](/news/2017/05/11/moscow-police-detain-five-protesters-after-they-attempted-to-deliver-a-petition-to-investigate-the-status-of-lgbt-rights-in-chechnya-to-the.md) _Context: Moscow_
8. [Severe clear-air turbulence on an Aeroflot flight from Sheremetyevo International Airport, Moscow to Suvarnabhumi Airport, Bangkok, subjects 27 passengers to injuries including bone fractures. ](/news/2017/05/1/severe-clear-air-turbulence-on-an-aeroflot-flight-from-sheremetyevo-international-airport-moscow-to-suvarnabhumi-airport-bangkok-subjects.md) _Context: Moscow_
9. [A cold spell with the temperature reaching [?]30 degC in Moscow and other parts of Eastern Europe hits Europe. Nearly 20 people die in recent days; 10  in Poland. ](/news/2017/01/7/a-cold-spell-with-the-temperature-reaching-a30-adegc-in-moscow-and-other-parts-of-eastern-europe-hits-europe-nearly-20-people-die-in-recent.md) _Context: Moscow_
10. [The Russian ambassador to Turkey Andrei Karlov is killed in a gun attack at an art gallery in Ankara. Russia calls the assassin, 22-year old police officer, Mevlut Mert Altintas, a "terrorist". Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu goes to Moscow for a planned trilateral meeting on Syria, saying "the incident will not impact relations between Turkey and Russia". ](/news/2016/12/19/the-russian-ambassador-to-turkey-andrei-karlov-is-killed-in-a-gun-attack-at-an-art-gallery-in-ankara-russia-calls-the-assassin-22-year-old.md) _Context: Moscow_
