### [2015-03-8](/news/2015/03/8/index.md)

# Assassination of Boris Nemtsov: A court in Moscow charges two men of Chechen origin, Zaur Dadayev and Ansor Gubashev, who were among five arrested March 7, with the murder of Russian opposition leader Boris Nemtsov. The others also arrested, Gubashev's younger brother Shahid Gubashev and two others named only as Bakhayev and Eskerkhanov, are still only suspects. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via MSN](http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/world/two-charged-with-nemtsov-murder-in-russian-court/ar-AA9whWS)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2015/03/07/europe/russia-nemtsov-murder-arrest/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Assassination of Boris Nemtsov: Russian authorities arrest five men, Anzor Gubashev and Zaur Dadayev, suspects from the rebellious North Caucasus region, according to Russian state media reports, relying on a statement from the Russian Federal Security Service Director Alexander Bortnikov. However, Nemtsov's daughter, Zhanna Nemtsova, speaking from Germany, says she has no idea who they are. Many still suspect Russian governmental involvement in his death. ](/news/2015/03/7/assassination-of-boris-nemtsov-russian-authorities-arrest-five-men-anzor-gubashev-and-zaur-dadayev-suspects-from-the-rebellious-north-cau.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov, Zaur Dadayev, assassination of Boris Nemtsov_
2. [Assassination of Boris Nemtsov: The Kremlin's Rights Council states that they believe that Zaur Dadayev, a former Chechen police officer, who confessed to being part of the murder of Boris Nemtsov did so after being tortured. ](/news/2015/03/11/assassination-of-boris-nemtsov-the-kremlin-s-rights-council-states-that-they-believe-that-zaur-dadayev-a-former-chechen-police-officer-wh.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov, Zaur Dadayev, assassination of Boris Nemtsov_
3. [Aftermath of the assassination of Boris Nemtsov: A jury trial convicts five individuals accused of working together to assassinate Boris Nemtsov. These individuals had been promised a bounty of 15 million Russian rubles. Critics say the original financiers and organizers of the crime have not been identified. ](/news/2017/06/29/aftermath-of-the-assassination-of-boris-nemtsov-a-jury-trial-convicts-five-individuals-accused-of-working-together-to-assassinate-boris-nem.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov, assassination of Boris Nemtsov_
4. [Tens of thousands of people march through Moscow, Russia, to commemorate the two-year anniversary of opposition leader Boris Nemtsov's assassination. ](/news/2017/02/26/tens-of-thousands-of-people-march-through-moscow-russia-to-commemorate-the-two-year-anniversary-of-opposition-leader-boris-nemtsov-s-assas.md) _Context: Moscow, assassination of Boris Nemtsov_
5. [A large rally, with estimated counts ranging from 7,500 to 100,000, honors former deputy prime minister and opposition leader Boris Nemtsov on the first anniversary of his assassination near the Kremlin. ](/news/2016/02/27/a-large-rally-with-estimated-counts-ranging-from-7-500-to-100-000-honors-former-deputy-prime-minister-and-opposition-leader-boris-nemtsov.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov, assassination of Boris Nemtsov_
6. [Assassination of Boris Nemtsov: In Moscow, an unidentified attacker assassinates leading Russian opposition politician Boris Nemtsov, the former Deputy Chairman of the Government of the Russian Federation and current member of regional parliament of Yaroslavl Oblast. ](/news/2015/02/27/assassination-of-boris-nemtsov-in-moscow-an-unidentified-attacker-assassinates-leading-russian-opposition-politician-boris-nemtsov-the-fo.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov, assassination of Boris Nemtsov_
7. [Russian police detain more than 150 people including prominent opponents of Prime Minister of Russia Vladimir Putin such as former Deputy Prime Minister Boris Nemtsov, following protests in Moscow and Saint Petersburg in support of freedom of assembly. ](/news/2010/08/31/russian-police-detain-more-than-150-people-including-prominent-opponents-of-prime-minister-of-russia-vladimir-putin-such-as-former-deputy-pr.md) _Context: Boris Nemtsov, Moscow_
8. [GTA gang: Three so-called GTA gang members are shot dead and four others are wounded, including two guards, at a courthouse in Moscow, Russia, after they attempted to escape. ](/news/2017/08/1/gta-gang-three-so-called-gta-gang-members-are-shot-dead-and-four-others-are-wounded-including-two-guards-at-a-courthouse-in-moscow-russi.md) _Context: Moscow_
9. [2017 Russian protests: Hundreds of people are detained at anti-corruption protest rallies in Moscow and St. Petersburg and many other towns, including opposition leader Alexei Navalny. ](/news/2017/06/12/2017-russian-protests-hundreds-of-people-are-detained-at-anti-corruption-protest-rallies-in-moscow-and-st-petersburg-and-many-other-towns.md) _Context: Moscow_
10. [At least 11 people are killed and 69 are injured as a severe thunderstorm hits Moscow, Russia. ](/news/2017/05/29/at-least-11-people-are-killed-and-69-are-injured-as-a-severe-thunderstorm-hits-moscow-russia.md) _Context: Moscow_
