### [2012-05-13](/news/2012/05/13/index.md)

# Mexican Drug War: 49 dismembered bodies are discovered by Mexican authorities on Mexican Federal Highway 40. The decapitated and mutilated bodies were dumped on a roadside near the northern city of Monterrey, presumably by members of the powerful Los Zetas drug cartel. 

Mexican authorities find 49 mutilated bodies dumped on a roadside near Monterrey - the latest massacre blamed on a feud between drugs gangs.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-latin-america-18052540)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2012/05/13/world/americas/mexico-remains/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Mexican Drug War:Galindo Mellado Cruz, one of the founding members of the Mexican drug cartel Los Zetas, and four other armed men are killed in a shootout with Mexican security forces after they raided Cruz's hideout in the city of Reynosa.  ](/news/2014/05/12/mexican-drug-war-pgalindo-mellado-cruz-one-of-the-founding-members-of-the-mexican-drug-cartel-los-zetas-and-four-other-armed-men-are-kille.md) _Context: Los Zetas, Mexican, Mexican Drug War_
2. [Mexican Drug War:Shootings erupt over the weekend in three Mexican cities (Cuernavaca, Fresnillo, Monterrey) where drug gangs are fighting turf battles, killing at least nine people and wounding six more. ](/news/2013/09/29/mexican-drug-war-pshootings-erupt-over-the-weekend-in-three-mexican-cities-cuernavaca-fresnillo-monterrey-where-drug-gangs-are-fighting.md) _Context: Mexican, Mexican Drug War, Monterrey_
3. [The Mexican Army captures Miguel Trevio Morales, the supreme leader of Los Zetas drug cartel. ](/news/2013/07/15/the-mexican-army-captures-miguel-trevino-morales-the-supreme-leader-of-los-zetas-drug-cartel.md) _Context: Los Zetas, Mexican Drug War, drug cartel_
4. [Mexican Drug War: Alleged members of Los Zetas, a drug cartel originally set up by former soldiers of the Mexican Army, attack several media outlets in Monterrey for publishing on a rumored split between the two principal Zetas bosses. ](/news/2012/08/6/mexican-drug-war-alleged-members-of-los-zetas-a-drug-cartel-originally-set-up-by-former-soldiers-of-the-mexican-army-attack-several-media.md) _Context: Los Zetas, Mexican Drug War, Monterrey_
5. [Mexican Drug War: The Mexican Los Zetas drug cartel threatens to launch a war in northern Guatemala where the government declared a "state of siege". ](/news/2010/12/29/mexican-drug-war-the-mexican-los-zetas-drug-cartel-threatens-to-launch-a-war-in-northern-guatemala-where-the-government-declared-a-state-o.md) _Context: Los Zetas, Mexican, Mexican Drug War_
6. [An unknown gunman shoots and kills veteran journalist Javier Valdez Crdenas, who is noted for his investigative reporting on Mexico's war on drugs, in Culiacn, Sinaloa. ](/news/2017/05/15/an-unknown-gunman-shoots-and-kills-veteran-journalist-javier-valdez-cardenas-who-is-noted-for-his-investigative-reporting-on-mexico-s-war-o.md) _Context: Mexican, Mexican Drug War_
7. [Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-for-personal-use-of-the-drug-he.md) _Context: Mexican, Mexican Drug War_
8. [At least nine suspected cartel members are killed in gunfights with government forces during an anti-cartel operation in the city of Reynosa, Mexico. ](/news/2016/03/14/at-least-nine-suspected-cartel-members-are-killed-in-gunfights-with-government-forces-during-an-anti-cartel-operation-in-the-city-of-reynosa.md) _Context: Mexican, Mexican Drug War_
9. [Gisela Mota Ocampo, mayor of Temixco in Mexico's Morelos state is assassinated by gunmen at her home, less than a day after taking office. Morelos Governor, Graco Ramirez, attributed Mota's killing to organized crime, without citing a particular drug cartel or gang. ](/news/2016/01/2/gisela-mota-ocampo-mayor-of-temixco-in-mexico-s-morelos-state-is-assassinated-by-gunmen-at-her-home-less-than-a-day-after-taking-office-m.md) _Context: Mexican, Mexican Drug War_
10. [Fugitive drug kingpin Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman suffered injuries to his leg and face as he escaped Mexican authorities who were closing in on him in the mountains in Sinaloa in northwestern Mexico. ](/news/2015/10/17/fugitive-drug-kingpin-joaquan-el-chapo-guzma-n-suffered-injuries-to-his-leg-and-face-as-he-escaped-mexican-authorities-who-were-closing-i.md) _Context: Mexican, Mexican Drug War_
