### [2012-05-13](/news/2012/05/13/index.md)

# Several people are killed in clashes in the Lebanese city of Tripoli between supporters and opponents of the Syrian president Bashar al-Assad, in a violent spillover from the Syrian civil war. 

At least four people killed, including a soldier, after clashes between supporters and opponents of the Syrian regime.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2012/05/201251383952809563.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian civil war:: Three people, including a 28-year-old anti-Assad sheikh, are killed in combat between pro-Assad and anti-Assad groups in the Lebanese city of Tripoli. ](/news/2012/08/24/syrian-civil-war-three-people-including-a-28-year-old-anti-assad-sheikh-are-killed-in-combat-between-pro-assad-and-anti-assad-groups-in.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria, Syrian Civil War, Tripoli, Lebanon_
2. [Syrian Civil War: Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated. Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/syrian-civil-war-israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterda.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War: 2016 Deir ez-Zor massacre: At least 75 Syrian Army soldiers and pro-Assad militiamen are killed following a multi-front attack on the eastern Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL fighters had advanced into the northern tip of Deir ez-Zor city, and captured the suburb of Al-Baghaliyeh. The pro-government Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA) reports that government forces had repelled an attack on the city leaving dozens of militants dead. ](/news/2016/01/16/syrian-civil-war-2016-deir-ez-zor-massacre-at-least-75-syrian-army-soldiers-and-pro-assad-militiamen-are-killed-following-a-multi-front-at.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War: A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/syrian-civil-war-a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-nati.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War: Russia expands its military presence in Syria with an additional airbase that can accommodate fixed-winged military aircraft. The U.S. Department of Defense also confirms that Russia added S-400 surface-to-air missiles to its Syrian stockpile and armed its military aircraft with air-to-air missiles. According to Military Times, "A Pentagon spokesman expressed concern" these moves indicate Russia's commitment to aiding the embattled Assad regime as opposed to combating ISIL. No Syrian opposition groups including ISIL have combat-ready aircraft that require air-to-air missiles. ](/news/2015/12/2/syrian-civil-war-russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-russia-expands-its-military-presence-in-syria-with-an-additional-ai.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War: The Israeli Air Force reportedly conducts an airstrike near Damascus International Airport, in Syria's capital, the target apparently a weapons shipment reportedly intended for Lebanese terrorist organization Hezbollah, according to Syrian opposition groups. ](/news/2015/11/11/syrian-civil-war-spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-the-israeli-air-force-reportedly-conducts-an-airstrike-near-damascus-international-airp.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian President Bashar al-Assad says reforms in Syria are unlikely until all of the government-s armed opponents are vanquished. The country will continue to send representatives to peace negotiations sponsored by Moscow, but rule out negotiations with the Western-backed groups opposing his government. ](/news/2015/10/4/syrian-civil-war-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-says-reforms-in-syria-are-unlikely-until-all-of-the-government-s-armed-opponents-are-va.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War: Syria peace talks in Vienna: U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says new talks aimed to help end Syria's war shouldn't be held up by wrangling over whether President Bashar Assad stays or goes. ](/news/2015/10/31/syrian-civil-war-syria-peace-talks-in-vienna-u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-new-talks-aimed-to-help-end-syria-s-war-shouldn-t-be.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Russia's role in the Syrian Civil War: Russian President Vladimir Putin confirms that Russia is providing military aid in Syrian Civil War in support of the Bashar al-Assad regime and is providing heavy weapons, aircraft, tanks, serious training and logistical support to the Syrian Army. ](/news/2015/09/4/russia-s-role-in-the-syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-confirms-that-russia-is-providing-military-aid-in-syrian-civil-war-i.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian Civil War: Battle of Zabadani (2015): Fighting resumes in Syria near the Lebanese border and Idlib Governorate as a temporary ceasefire between the Syrian government, its ally Hezbollah and an alliance of insurgent groups ends. ](/news/2015/08/15/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-zabadani-2015-fighting-resumes-in-syria-near-the-lebanese-border-and-idlib-governorate-as-a-temporary-ceasefi.md) _Context: Lebanon, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
