### [2016-03-4](/news/2016/03/4/index.md)

# Ben Carson suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination. The expected announcement was made during a speech at the 2016 Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC). 

Ben Carson announced Friday he is suspending his presidential campaign after a string of disappointing finishes in the Republican nominating contests.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/politics/2016-election/ben-carson-suspends-2016-campaign-cpac-n532056)

### Related:

1. [Candidate Donald Trump says he will no longer honor his pledge to support the eventual Republican Party pick for president because, "I have been treated very unfairly." ](/news/2016/03/29/candidate-donald-trump-says-he-will-no-longer-honor-his-pledge-to-support-the-eventual-republican-party-pick-for-president-because-i-have.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican, Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016_
2. [Former Governor of New York, George Pataki, ends his campaign for the Republican Party  nomination for President of the United States. ](/news/2015/12/29/former-governor-of-new-york-george-pataki-ends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination-for-president-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican, Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016_
3. [South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham ends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President. During his campaign he has failed to poll above single digits nationally or in the early voting states. ](/news/2015/12/21/south-carolina-senator-lindsey-graham-ends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination-for-president-during-his-campaign-he-has-failed.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican, Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016_
4. [Retired neurosurgeon  Ben Carson tells a Florida television station that he would run for the Republican Party nomination with a formal announcement to be made in the city of Detroit, Michigan, where he grew up. ](/news/2015/05/3/retired-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-tells-a-florida-television-station-that-he-would-run-for-the-republican-party-nomination-with-a-formal-anno.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Ben Carson, Republican_
5. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: Ben Carson, Republican_
6. [Republican campaign manager Kellyanne Conway dismisses allegations of Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. presidential election, calling the claims "laughable and ridiculous".  ](/news/2016/12/11/republican-campaign-manager-kellyanne-conway-dismisses-allegations-of-russian-interference-in-the-2016-u-s-presidential-election-calling-t.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican_
7. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016Although he lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016palthough-he-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nominee-for.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican_
8. [Ben Carson, former GOP presidential candidate, current advisor to  President-elect Donald Trump and retired neurosurgeon, has decided to not accept a Cabinet position in the Trump administration. ](/news/2016/11/15/ben-carson-former-gop-presidential-candidate-current-advisor-to-president-elect-donald-trump-and-retired-neurosurgeon-has-decided-to-not.md) _Context: Ben Carson, GOP presidential candidate_
9. [Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton and Republican Party nominee Donald Trump hold the first presidential debate of the 2016 presidential election at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York. ](/news/2016/09/26/democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-republican-party-nominee-donald-trump-hold-the-first-presidential-debate-of-the-2016-presidenti.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican_
10. [The Commission on Presidential Debates officially announces the invitation of Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton, and GOP nominee Donald Trump, to the first presidential debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York, on September 26. However, third party candidates, Gary Johnson and Jill Stein, have not met the criteria, and will not be participants in the debate. ](/news/2016/09/16/the-commission-on-presidential-debates-officially-announces-the-invitation-of-democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-gop-nominee-dona.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Republican_
