### [2016-03-4](/news/2016/03/4/index.md)

# Brazilian police raid the home of ex-President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva in relation to the Petrobras scandal. Lula is brought in for questioning. 

Former Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva is questioned by police as part of a huge fraud inquiry into the state oil company Petrobras.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-35725415)

### Related:

1. [Former President of Brazil Lula da Silva will stand trial on obstruction of justice charges relating to the Petrobras scandal. ](/news/2016/07/29/former-president-of-brazil-lula-da-silva-will-stand-trial-on-obstruction-of-justice-charges-relating-to-the-petrobras-scandal.md) _Context: Lula, Petrobras, President_
2. [2015-16 protests in Brazil: Operation Car Wash: Brazilian Supreme Court Justice Gilmar Mendes rules Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva should be stripped of a ministerial role in President Dilma Rousseff's Cabinet so he can be investigated in connection with the state oil company Petrobras's alleged kickback scheme. Earlier today, injunctions suspending Lula's appointment as chief of staff were overturned at Attorney General Jose Eduardo Cardozo's request for a Supreme Court ruling on the motions. ](/news/2016/03/18/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-operation-car-wash-brazilian-supreme-court-justice-gilmar-mendes-rules-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-should-be-s.md) _Context: Lula, Petrobras, President_
3. [Corruption in Brazil: The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court releases a plea bargain testimony from JBS S.A., revealing that the company paid 500 million reais in bribes to politicians, including current President Michel Temer and his predecessors Dilma and Lula. ](/news/2017/05/19/corruption-in-brazil-the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-releases-a-plea-bargain-testimony-from-jbs-s-a-revealing-that-the-company-paid-5.md) _Context: Lula, President_
4. [Brazilian President Michel Temer deploys the Brazilian Army to the southeastern state of Espirito Santo, where a police strike has led to a wave of violence and looting, including dozens of murders in the state capital, Vitoria. ](/news/2017/02/6/brazilian-president-michel-temer-deploys-the-brazilian-army-to-the-southeastern-state-of-esparito-santo-where-a-police-strike-has-led-to-a.md) _Context: President, police_
5. [ Corruption investigation of Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva: Testimony begins in a corruption case against former President of Brazil Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva. ](/news/2016/11/21/corruption-investigation-of-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-testimony-begins-in-a-corruption-case-against-former-president-of-brazil-luiz-ina-c.md) _Context: Lula, President_
6. [Operation Car Wash: Brazilian prosecutors file corruption charges against former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva and his wife, Marisa Leticia Lula da Silva. Federal judge Sergio Moro will preside over his case. ](/news/2016/09/14/operation-car-wash-brazilian-prosecutors-file-corruption-charges-against-former-president-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-and-his-wife-marisa-l.md) _Context: Lula, President_
7. [Former President of Brazil Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva is charged with money laundering. ](/news/2016/03/9/former-president-of-brazil-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-is-charged-with-money-laundering.md) _Context: Lula, President_
8. [Brazil protests: Brazil's Supreme Court voted 8-2 to take over the corruption investigation of former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva. Silva alleges Judge Sergio Moro unfairly targets him. The court also overruled Moro's decision to release the recording of Silva's call with President Dilma Rousseff, since it is the only court that can authorize a wiretap on presidential conversations. The full court is still to rule on the injunction that prevents Silva from taking office as the President's Chief of Staff. ](/news/2016/03/31/brazil-protests-brazil-s-supreme-court-voted-8-2-to-take-over-the-corruption-investigation-of-former-president-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva.md) _Context: Lula, President_
9. [2015-16 protests in Brazil: Clashes erupt outside the presidential palace in Brazil's capital Brasilia between anti-Workers' Party protesters and supporters of ex-president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, where he was due to be sworn in as President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff's chief of staff. Hundreds of anti-government protesters calling for Rousseff's impeachment and Lula's arrest also blocked the central Paulista Avenue in SGBPo Paulo, Brazil's largest city and economic hub. ](/news/2016/03/17/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-clashes-erupt-outside-the-presidential-palace-in-brazil-s-capital-brasalia-between-anti-workers-party-protes.md) _Context: Lula, President_
10. [2015 protests in Brazil: Brazil's lower house of Congress opens impeachment proceedings against President Dilma Rousseff over a corruption scandal involving the state-owned oil giant, Petrobras. ](/news/2015/12/2/2015-protests-in-brazil-brazil-s-lower-house-of-congress-opens-impeachment-proceedings-against-president-dilma-rousseff-over-a-corruption-s.md) _Context: Petrobras, President_
