### [2016-03-4](/news/2016/03/4/index.md)

# Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe agrees to suspend work to expand the U.S. military base on Okinawa Island. Abe says his government will follow the court recommendation and settle several lawsuits over landfill work carried out to prepare for new runways. 

Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe agreed Friday to suspend work to expand a U.S. base on the southern island of Okinawa, in a bid to end an ongoing fight with the island’s government and people over the issue.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-03-04/japan-to-suspend-work-at-controversial-u-s-base-in-okinawa)
1. [Cover Image](https://assets.bwbx.io/s3/javelin/public/javelin/images/social-default-a4f15fa7ee.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe makes a landmark visit to Naval Station Pearl Harbor in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, offering "sincere and everlasting condolences" to the victims of the attack on Pearl Harbor by the Japanese empire on December 7, 1941. ](/news/2016/12/27/japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-makes-a-landmark-visit-to-naval-station-pearl-harbor-in-pearl-harbor-hawaii-offering-sincere-and-ever.md) _Context: Japan-United States relations, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
2. [Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe becomes the first foreign head of government to meet President-elect of the United States Donald Trump since his election as President on November 8. ](/news/2016/11/17/japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-becomes-the-first-foreign-head-of-government-to-meet-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-s.md) _Context: Japan-United States relations, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
3. [Thousands protest outside the Japanese parliament in Tokyo against the relocation of a U.S. military base on Okinawa Island. Residents cite noise, pollution, and crime as reasons for not wanting a new base built. ](/news/2016/02/21/thousands-protest-outside-the-japanese-parliament-in-tokyo-against-the-relocation-of-a-u-s-military-base-on-okinawa-island-residents-cite.md) _Context: Japan-United States relations, Okinawa Island, U.S. military base_
4. [The Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe calls a snap election with the election to be held on October 22. ](/news/2017/09/25/the-prime-minister-of-japan-shinza-abe-calls-a-snap-election-with-the-election-to-be-held-on-october-22.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
5. [Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe appoints Taro Kono as Foreign Minister. ](/news/2017/08/3/prime-minister-of-japan-shinza-abe-appoints-tara-kano-as-foreign-minister.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
6. [Japan and South Korea agree to 'irreversibly' resolve a long-running dispute over Korean women the Japanese military used as sex slaves during World War II. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will issue a formal apology to the so-called "comfort women." Tokyo will set up an aid fund of about 1 billion yen ($8.3 million). ](/news/2015/12/28/japan-and-south-korea-agree-to-irreversibly-resolve-a-long-running-dispute-over-korean-women-the-japanese-military-used-as-sex-slaves-duri.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
7. [South Korea announces that Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se will meet with Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida in Seoul Monday to work toward a final settlement concerning sex slavery during World War II. "The Nikkei" reports that Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe plans to create a new government-backed fund, containing over 100 million yen (US$831,200/GBP556,600) to help former South Korean "comfort women," and is also considering making an apology for the wartime sexual enslavement. ](/news/2015/12/25/south-korea-announces-that-foreign-minister-yun-byung-se-will-meet-with-japanese-foreign-minister-fumio-kishida-in-seoul-monday-to-work-towa.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
8. [In Tokyo, Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says his country is "very disappointed" with Japan's decision to resume whaling, but this dispute should not be allowed to hurt the two countries' special strategic ties. Malcolm Turnbull, who replaced Tony Abbott in September, is on his first visit to Japan which will include talks with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. ](/news/2015/12/18/in-tokyo-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-says-his-country-is-avery-disappointeda-with-japanas-decision-to-resume-whaling.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
9. [Reuters reports Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Philippine President Benigno Aquino are set to agree on a deal paving the way for Tokyo to directly supply Manila with used military equipment. An announcement is expected this week during the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Manila. ](/news/2015/11/15/reuters-reports-japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-and-philippine-president-benigno-aquino-are-set-to-agree-on-a-deal-paving-the-way-for-to.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
10. [Haruhiko Kuroda is selected by Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe to lead the Bank of Japan. ](/news/2013/02/28/haruhiko-kuroda-is-selected-by-japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-to-lead-the-bank-of-japan.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
