### [2016-03-4](/news/2016/03/4/index.md)

# PKK rebellion (2015-present): Two Turkish police officers are killed and at least 14 others including several civilians are injured by a car bomb attack on a police station in the town of Nusaybin, near the Syria-Turkey border. The Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) are blamed for the attack. 

Two police officers have been killed by a car bomb attack by Kurdish militants in south-eastern Turkey, officials say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-35723733)

### Related:

1. [Turkey-PKK conflict: PKK rebellion (2015-present): Turkish police headquarters in Midyat and Cinar, Diyarbakir, are hit by car bombs, killing six people and injuring 39. No group has claimed responsibility but the government accuses PKK rebels of carrying out the attack. ](/news/2016/01/14/turkey-pkk-conflict-pkk-rebellion-2015-present-turkish-police-headquarters-in-midyat-and-aa-nar-diyarbaka-r-are-hit-by-car-bombs.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, PKK rebellion (2015-present), Turkish police, car bomb_
2. [PKK rebellion (2015-present): A bombing kills at least five Turkish soldiers and one special forces police officer in the southeastern city of Nusaybin, near the Syria-Turkey border. ](/news/2016/04/2/pkk-rebellion-2015-present-a-bombing-kills-at-least-five-turkish-soldiers-and-one-special-forces-police-officer-in-the-southeastern-cit.md) _Context: Nusaybin, PKK rebellion (2015-present), Syria-Turkey border_
3. [ PKK rebellion (2015-present): A car bomb attack on a Turkish gendarmerie in the town of Hani kills at least two people and injures 50. ](/news/2016/04/12/pkk-rebellion-2015-present-a-car-bomb-attack-on-a-turkish-gendarmerie-in-the-town-of-hani-kills-at-least-two-people-and-injures-50.md) _Context: PKK rebellion (2015-present), Turkish police, car bomb_
4. [Kurdish-Turkish conflict (1978-present): Eight Turkish police officers are killed and 40 are injured in a bombing at a police checkpoint in the town of Cizre, with the PKK believed to be responsible. ](/news/2016/08/26/kurdish-turkish-conflict-1978-present-eight-turkish-police-officers-are-killed-and-40-are-injured-in-a-bombing-at-a-police-checkpoint.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkish police_
5. [Syrian Civil War: At least 10 people are killed and nine others are wounded following a car bomb attack in Tell Abyad, near the Syria-Turkey border, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/06/29/syrian-civil-war-at-least-10-people-are-killed-and-nine-others-are-wounded-following-a-car-bomb-attack-in-tell-abyad-near-the-syria-turk.md) _Context: Syria-Turkey border, car bomb_
6. [PKK rebellion (2015-present): The Turkish military say it carried out air strikes in northern Iraq against targets belonging to the Kurdistan Workers' Party, hitting weapon stores and shelters. ](/news/2016/04/5/pkk-rebellion-2015-present-the-turkish-military-say-it-carried-out-air-strikes-in-northern-iraq-against-targets-belonging-to-the-kurdis.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, PKK rebellion (2015-present)_
7. [ PKK rebellion (2015-present): Authorities in Turkey arrest three academics on charges of "terrorist propaganda" after they called for an end to security operations in the country's Kurdish-majority southeast. ](/news/2016/03/16/pkk-rebellion-2015-present-authorities-in-turkey-arrest-three-academics-on-charges-of-terrorist-propaganda-after-they-called-for-an.md) _Context: PKK rebellion (2015-present), Turkish police_
8. [February 2016 Ankara bombing: Military vehicles explode outside a Turkish Armed Forces barracks in Ankara, Turkey, killing at least 28 people and injuring 61 others. Authorities believe a car bomb caused the blast. A senior Turkish security source says initial signs indicate that the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) are responsible. ](/news/2016/02/17/february-2016-ankara-bombing-military-vehicles-explode-outside-a-turkish-armed-forces-barracks-in-ankara-turkey-killing-at-least-28-peopl.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, car bomb_
9. [PKK rebellion (2015-present): At least two Turkish Army soldiers are killed in clashes with Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) insurgents in the southeast Sirnak Province. ](/news/2016/02/10/pkk-rebellion-2015-present-at-least-two-turkish-army-soldiers-are-killed-in-clashes-with-kurdistan-workers-party-pkk-insurgents-in-t.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, PKK rebellion (2015-present)_
10. [PKK Rebellion (2015-present): Two Turkish Army soldiers are killed in a Kurdistan Workers' Party ambush in the southeast Diyarbakir Province. ](/news/2016/02/1/pkk-rebellion-2015-present-two-turkish-army-soldiers-are-killed-in-a-kurdistan-workers-party-ambush-in-the-southeast-diyarbaka-r-provi.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, PKK rebellion (2015-present)_
