### [2016-03-4](/news/2016/03/4/index.md)

# Serbian parliamentary election, 2016. Serbian President Tomislav Nikolic, at the request of Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic, dissolves Serbia's parliament and calls for early elections to take place on April 24. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/content/serbia-parliament-dissolved-early-elections-vucic/27589299.html)

### Related:

1. [Government of Serbia. Serbian president Aleksandar Vucic nominates Ana Brnabic as the next Prime Minister of Serbia. If confirmed by the National Assembly, Brnabic will become Serbia's first female and lesbian Prime Minister. ](/news/2017/06/15/government-of-serbia-serbian-president-aleksandar-vuaia-nominates-ana-brnabia-as-the-next-prime-minister-of-serbia-if-confirmed-by-the.md) _Context: Aleksandar Vucic, National Assembly, Prime Minister of Serbia, Serbia_
2. [Serbian parliamentary election, 2016. Roughly 2,000 people protest in Belgrade against alleged fraud in the country's recent election. The protesters accuse Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic of manipulating the results in order to prevent the far-right Dveri party from reaching the 5-percent threshold and gaining seats in the National Assembly. A repeat vote is expected on May 4 in locations where voting irregularities have been found. ](/news/2016/04/30/serbian-parliamentary-election-2016-roughly-2-000-people-protest-in-belgrade-against-alleged-fraud-in-the-country-s-recent-election-the-p.md) _Context: Aleksandar Vucic, National Assembly, Prime Minister of Serbia, Serbian parliamentary election, 2016_
3. [Serbian presidential election, 2017. Voters in Serbia go to the polls for an election, which Prime Minster Aleksandar Vucic of the conservative Serbian Progressive Party is expected to win. In projections, Vucic gets around 55% of the votes, avoiding a second round. ](/news/2017/04/2/serbian-presidential-election-2017-voters-in-serbia-go-to-the-polls-for-an-election-which-prime-minster-aleksandar-vuaia-of-the-conserv.md) _Context: Aleksandar Vucic, Prime Minister of Serbia, Serbia_
4. [Kosovo-Serbia relations. Serbian President Tomislav Nikolic accuses Kosovo of "seeking a war" after a train, en route to the Serb-majority city of Mitrovica in North Kosovo, and decorated in Serbian national colors and the words ""Kosovo je Srbija"" (Kosovo is Serbia), was prevented from crossing the Kosovan border. The Prime Minister of Kosovo Isa Mustafa says the train had been stopped "to protect the country's sovereignty". ](/news/2017/01/15/kosovo-serbia-relations-serbian-president-tomislav-nikolia-accuses-kosovo-of-seeking-a-war-after-a-train-en-route-to-the-serb-majorit.md) _Context: President, Serbia, Tomislav Nikolic_
5. [Serbian parliamentary election, 2016. Serbians elect a new parliament under the backdrop of its accession to the European Union. Preliminary results indicate the incumbent, pro-EU populists sweeping the election. ](/news/2016/04/24/serbian-parliamentary-election-2016-serbians-elect-a-new-parliament-under-the-backdrop-of-its-accession-to-the-european-union-preliminary.md) _Context: National Assembly, Serbia, Serbian parliamentary election, 2016_
6. [Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic is pelted with stones and other objects as he attempts to pay respects to the victims of the Bosnian Genocide, Vucic is a former member of the Serbian Radical Party, a far right anti-Islam party. ](/news/2015/07/11/serbian-prime-minister-aleksandar-vuaia-is-pelted-with-stones-and-other-objects-as-he-attempts-to-pay-respects-to-the-victims-of-the-bosni.md) _Context: Aleksandar Vucic, Prime Minister of Serbia, Serbia_
7. [ Serbian President Boris Tadic has named Mirko Cvetkovic for the new Prime Minister following the parliamentary election that were held in May. ](/news/2008/06/27/serbian-president-boris-tadia-has-named-mirko-cvetkovia-for-the-new-prime-minister-following-the-parliamentary-election-that-were-held-in.md) _Context: President, Prime Minister of Serbia, Serbia_
8. [An attacker throws a grenade and fires shots outside a sports hall in the small town of Zubin Potok in northern Kosovo, just hours before Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic was due to hold an election rally there. "A hand grenade exploded outside the sports hall but there are no injuries," Besim Hoti, a Kosovo police commander in the area, told Reuters. ](/news/2016/04/3/an-attacker-throws-a-grenade-and-fires-shots-outside-a-sports-hall-in-the-small-town-of-zubin-potok-in-northern-kosovo-just-hours-before-se.md) _Context: Aleksandar Vucic, Prime Minister of Serbia_
9. [Serbia's Prime Minister Ivica Dacic, who was flashed by a model without underwear masquerading as a television interviewer, launches an investigation into how he became the target of the prank. ](/news/2013/01/31/serbia-s-prime-minister-ivica-daaia-who-was-flashed-by-a-model-without-underwear-masquerading-as-a-television-interviewer-launches-an-in.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Serbia, Serbia_
10. [Tomislav Nikolic is elected President of Serbia with 49.4% of the vote. ](/news/2012/05/20/tomislav-nikolia-is-elected-president-of-serbia-with-49-4-of-the-vote.md) _Context: President, Tomislav Nikolic_
