### [2016-03-4](/news/2016/03/4/index.md)

# Serbian President Tomislav Nikolic, at the request of Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic, dissolves Serbia's parliament and calls for early elections to take place on April 24. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/content/serbia-parliament-dissolved-early-elections-vucic/27589299.html)

### Related:

1. [Roughly 2,000 people protest in Belgrade against alleged fraud in the country's recent election. The protesters accuse Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic of manipulating the results in order to prevent the far-right Dveri party from reaching the 5-percent threshold and gaining seats in the National Assembly. A repeat vote is expected on May 4 in locations where voting irregularities have been found. ](/news/2016/04/30/roughly-2-000-people-protest-in-belgrade-against-alleged-fraud-in-the-country-s-recent-election-the-protesters-accuse-prime-minister-aleksa.md) _Context: Aleksandar Vučić, National Assembly, Prime Minster, Serbian parliamentary election, 2016_
2. [Voters in Serbia go to the polls for an election, which Prime Minster Aleksandar Vucic of the conservative Serbian Progressive Party is expected to win. In projections, Vucic gets around 55% of the votes, avoiding a second round. ](/news/2017/04/2/voters-in-serbia-go-to-the-polls-for-an-election-which-prime-minster-aleksandar-vuaia-of-the-conservative-serbian-progressive-party-is-ex.md) _Context: Aleksandar Vučić, Prime Minster, Serbia_
3. [Serbian President Tomislav Nikolic accuses Kosovo of "seeking a war" after a train, en route to the Serb-majority city of Mitrovica in North Kosovo, and decorated in Serbian national colors and the words "''Kosovo je Srbija''" (Kosovo is Serbia), was prevented from crossing the Kosovan border. The Prime Minister of Kosovo Isa Mustafa says the train had been stopped "to protect the country's sovereignty". ](/news/2017/01/15/serbian-president-tomislav-nikolia-accuses-kosovo-of-seeking-a-war-after-a-train-en-route-to-the-serb-majority-city-of-mitrovica-in-nort.md) _Context: President, Serbia, Tomislav Nikolić_
4. [Serbians elect a new parliament under the backdrop of its accession to the European Union.  Preliminary  results indicate the incumbent, pro-EU populists sweeping the election. ](/news/2016/04/24/serbians-elect-a-new-parliament-under-the-backdrop-of-its-accession-to-the-european-union-preliminary-results-indicate-the-incumbent-pro.md) _Context: National Assembly, Serbia, Serbian parliamentary election, 2016_
5. [Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic is pelted with stones and other objects as he attempts to pay respects to the victims of the Bosnian Genocide, Vucic is a former member of the Serbian Radical Party, a far right anti-Islam party. ](/news/2015/07/11/serbian-prime-minister-aleksandar-vuaia-is-pelted-with-stones-and-other-objects-as-he-attempts-to-pay-respects-to-the-victims-of-the-bosni.md) _Context: Aleksandar Vučić, Prime Minster, Serbia_
6. [ Serbian President Boris Tadic has named Mirko Cvetkovic for the new Prime Minister following the parliamentary election that were held in May. ](/news/2008/06/27/serbian-president-boris-tadia-has-named-mirko-cvetkovia-for-the-new-prime-minister-following-the-parliamentary-election-that-were-held-in.md) _Context: President, Prime Minster, Serbia_
7. [An attacker throws a grenade and fires shots outside a sports hall in the small town of Zubin Potok in northern Kosovo, just hours before Serbian Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic was due to hold an election rally there. "A hand grenade exploded outside the sports hall but there are no injuries," Besim Hoti, a Kosovo police commander in the area, told Reuters. ](/news/2016/04/3/an-attacker-throws-a-grenade-and-fires-shots-outside-a-sports-hall-in-the-small-town-of-zubin-potok-in-northern-kosovo-just-hours-before-se.md) _Context: Aleksandar Vučić, Prime Minster_
8. [Serbia's Prime Minister Ivica Dacic, who was flashed by a model without underwear masquerading as a television interviewer, launches an investigation into how he became the target of the prank. ](/news/2013/01/31/serbia-s-prime-minister-ivica-daaia-who-was-flashed-by-a-model-without-underwear-masquerading-as-a-television-interviewer-launches-an-in.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Serbia_
9. [Tomislav Nikolic is elected President of Serbia with 49.4% of the vote. ](/news/2012/05/20/tomislav-nikolia-is-elected-president-of-serbia-with-49-4-of-the-vote.md) _Context: President, Tomislav Nikolić_
10. [Luka Bojovic, an alleged member of the Zemun Clan, is arrested in Valencia, Spain, for involvement in over 20 murders in Serbia, the Netherlands and Spain, including the killing of former Prime Minister of Serbia Zoran Dindic. ](/news/2012/02/10/luka-bojovia-an-alleged-member-of-the-zemun-clan-is-arrested-in-valencia-spain-for-involvement-in-over-20-murders-in-serbia-the-nether.md) _Context: Prime Minster, Serbia_
