### [2006-02-23](/news/2006/02/23/index.md)

#  Al Askari Mosque bombing: In Iraq over 100 people are killed in violence following yesterday's bombing of the Al Askari Mosque:: 47 factory workers are forced off buses and shot at Nahrawan, near Baghdad.: About 50 bullet-riddled bodies are found in Baghdad overnight.: Al-Arabiya TV reporter Atwar Bahjat and her two crew are killed in Samarra.: At least 11 people are abducted from jail in Basra by gunmen dressed as police, and shot.: One person is killed in a Sunni mosque in Baquba, where a bomb targeting an Iraqi army patrol also kills 12 people. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/4742188.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Al Askari Mosque bombing: The Al Askari Mosque, a shrine to Imam Ali al-Hadi and Imam Hasan al-Askari in Samarra, Iraq, is bombed and partly destroyed. The Golden Dome has collapsed. In the aftermath dozens of people die in riots, along with three journalists which includes Atwar Bahjat.](/news/2006/02/22/al-askari-mosque-bombing-the-al-askari-mosque-a-shrine-to-imam-ali-al-hadi-and-imam-hasan-al-askari-in-samarra-iraq-is-bombed-and-partl.md) _Context: Al Askari Mosque bombing, Al-Askari Mosque, Atwar Bahjat, Iraq, Samarra_
2. [ Conflict in Iraq:: Iraqi officials announce they must recount around 300 ballot boxes due to various discrepancies, delaying the final results.: In Salman Pak south of Baghdad, guerrillas attack a police station killing at least eight Iraqi policemen and wounding more than 60.: Three people are killed when a car bomb is detonated in Baghdad.: Also in the capital, the bodies of 20 truck drivers are found and guerrillas ambush a convoy of Kurdish party officials, killing one and wounding four.: In Basra, guerrillas kill an Iraqi journalist working for the U.S.-funded al-Hurra TV station and his 3-year-old son as they leave their home.: A roadside bomb in Samarra leaves four policemen dead. ](/news/2005/02/10/conflict-in-iraq-iraqi-officials-announce-they-must-recount-around-300-ballot-boxes-due-to-various-discrepancies-delaying-the-final-resu.md) _Context: Baghdad, Basra, Iraq, Samarra_
3. [Iraqi engineers warn that the Mosul Dam could collapse at anytime, resulting in a catastrophic flash flood that could kill up to one million people along the Tigris, with the major Iraqi cites of Mosul, Tikrit, Samarra and Baghdad all at risk. The U.S. embassy in Baghdad has urged American citizens to leave the area. ](/news/2016/03/2/iraqi-engineers-warn-that-the-mosul-dam-could-collapse-at-anytime-resulting-in-a-catastrophic-flash-flood-that-could-kill-up-to-one-million.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Samarra_
4. [At least 33 people are killed and dozens more are injured in bombings in Baghdad, Kirkuk and Samarra in Iraq's worst violence in weeks. ](/news/2012/04/19/at-least-33-people-are-killed-and-dozens-more-are-injured-in-bombings-in-baghdad-kirkuk-and-samarra-in-iraq-s-worst-violence-in-weeks.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Samarra_
5. [ United States forces claim that they have killed Haitham al-Badri, the leader of al-Qaeda in Salahuddin province in Iraq and believed to be the man responsible for the bombing of the Al-Askari Mosque in Samarra in June. ](/news/2007/08/4/united-states-forces-claim-that-they-have-killed-haitham-al-badri-the-leader-of-al-qaeda-in-salahuddin-province-in-iraq-and-believed-to-be.md) _Context: Al-Askari Mosque, Iraq, Samarra_
6. [ An explosion at the Al-Askari Mosque in Samarra, Iraq is reported to have destroyed two of its minarets. ](/news/2007/06/13/an-explosion-at-the-al-askari-mosque-in-samarra-iraq-is-reported-to-have-destroyed-two-of-its-minarets.md) _Context: Al-Askari Mosque, Iraq, Samarra_
7. [ Al Askari Mosque bombing:: Sixty-eight people have been killed so far today in Baghdad, Iraq. Car bombs and mortar barrages rocked Baghdad streets, as news pundits speculate about the possibility of Iraq becoming embroiled in a full-fledged civil war. ](/news/2006/02/28/al-askari-mosque-bombing-sixty-eight-people-have-been-killed-so-far-today-in-baghdad-iraq-car-bombs-and-mortar-barrages-rocked-baghdad.md) _Context: Al Askari Mosque bombing, Baghdad, Iraq_
8. [ Al Askari Mosque bombing: The International Crisis Group releases a report cautioning the international community to plan for the contingency of a civil war in Iraq. At least 250 people have died in violence resulting from the Al Askari Mosque bombing. ](/news/2006/02/26/al-askari-mosque-bombing-the-international-crisis-group-releases-a-report-cautioning-the-international-community-to-plan-for-the-contingen.md) _Context: Al Askari Mosque bombing, Al-Askari Mosque, Iraq_
9. [ Conflict in Iraq:: Insurgents kill 4 US Troops in an IED explosion in Samarra, north of Baghdad, Iraq. ](/news/2005/08/18/conflict-in-iraq-insurgents-kill-4-us-troops-in-an-ied-explosion-in-samarra-north-of-baghdad-iraq.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, Samarra_
10. [Violence erupts at a protest rally in Baghdad, Iraq, killing at least four protesters and one police officer. Thousands of supporters of Shia cleric Muqtada al-Sadr gathered in the capital to demand an overhaul of the country's electoral system. ](/news/2017/02/11/violence-erupts-at-a-protest-rally-in-baghdad-iraq-killing-at-least-four-protesters-and-one-police-officer-thousands-of-supporters-of-shi.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
