### [2016-06-24](/news/2016/06/24/index.md)

# Crime in the Philippines; Philippine Drug War. More than 50 people accused of dealing in illegal drugs have been murdered in the Philippines within a month after incoming president Rodrigo Duterte called for more extrajudicial killings against suspected criminals. 




### Source:

1. [Rappler](http://www.rappler.com/nation/137528-rise-drug-suspect-killings-duterte-presidency)
2. [Rappler](http://www.rappler.com/nation/137550-duterte-death-penalty-hang-criminals)

### Related:

1. [Crime in the Philippines; Philippine Drug War. Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte urges Filipino citizens to murder people suspected of using illegal drugs. ](/news/2016/07/1/crime-in-the-philippines-philippine-drug-war-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-urges-filipino-citizens-to-murder-people-suspected-of-u.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, drug war, jail break_
2. [Philippine Drug War. In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/philippine-drug-war-in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
3. [Philippine Drug War. During a phone call between U.S. president Donald Trump and Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte, Trump allegedly congratulates Duterte on his drug war, which has been widely criticized for its brutality by human rights organizations. ](/news/2017/05/24/philippine-drug-war-during-a-phone-call-between-u-s-president-donald-trump-and-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-trump-allegedly-congr.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
4. [Philippine Drug War. A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/philippine-drug-war-a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
5. [Philippine Drug War. After a temporary suspension due to the kidnapping and killing of a South Korean national, Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte orders the Philippine National Police to resume his controversial campaign. ](/news/2017/03/1/philippine-drug-war-after-a-temporary-suspension-due-to-the-kidnapping-and-killing-of-a-south-korean-national-philippine-president-rodrigo.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
6. [Philippine Drug War. Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte suspends the war on drugs so resources can focus on ridding -corrupt- officers from the Philippine National Police. The "cause celebre" is the kidnapping and strangulation of South Korean businessman Jee Ick-joo last October. ](/news/2017/01/30/philippine-drug-war-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-suspends-the-war-on-drugs-so-resources-can-focus-on-ridding-corrupt-officers.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
7. [Philippine Drug War. Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte accuses the opposition Liberal Party of trying to oust him and install the current vice president Leni Robredo to the presidency. ](/news/2016/12/7/philippine-drug-war-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-accuses-the-opposition-liberal-party-of-trying-to-oust-him-and-install-the-curren.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
8. [Philippine Drug War. The Commission on Human Rights launches an investigation into alleged murders committed by current Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte. ](/news/2016/12/22/philippine-drug-war-the-commission-on-human-rights-launches-an-investigation-into-alleged-murders-committed-by-current-philippines-presiden.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
9. [Philippine Drug War. The Philippines cabinet of Rodrigo Duterte, through former journalist Martin Andanar, criticizes the Western media's coverage of the Philippine Drug War, particularly that of "The New York Times", and urges them to cover the purge more effectively. ](/news/2016/12/14/philippine-drug-war-the-philippines-cabinet-of-rodrigo-duterte-through-former-journalist-martin-andanar-criticizes-the-western-media-s-co.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
10. [Human Rights Day. In the Philippines, demonstrators call for President Rodrigo Duterte to address extrajudicial killings linked to the Philippine Drug War, ongoing military operations against communist rebels, and the controversial burial of Ferdinand Marcos in the Heroes' Cemetery. An effigy of Marcos was made as a centerpiece of the protest. ](/news/2016/12/10/human-rights-day-in-the-philippines-demonstrators-call-for-president-rodrigo-duterte-to-address-extrajudicial-killings-linked-to-the-phili.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
