### [2016-06-24](/news/2016/06/24/index.md)

# Pope Francis, in his first speech upon arrival at the presidential palace of Serzh Sargsyan in the Armenian capital Yerevan, denounces the planned genocide of Armenians by Ottoman-era Turks a century ago, though the word "genocide" was not included in his prepared speech. 

YEREVAN, Armenia (AP) — Pope Francis heads to Armenia&#039;s genocide memorial for a prayer service, fresh from his ad-libbed declaration that the Ottoman-era massacre of Armenians a century ago was a planned &quot;genocide.&quot; Francis…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/6279f5487d144d8d965c4030837a252a/pope-bringing-message-peace-armenia-and-beyond)
2. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/sections/parallels/2016/06/24/483238766/in-armenia-visit-pope-aims-for-reconciliation-in-a-tense-region)

### Related:

1. [Pope Francis's visit to Armenia this weekend may stress relations with Turkey. The Pope is seeking to avoid reigniting the diplomatic dispute that arose last year when he described the 1915 mass killings of Armenians as a genocide. The Vatican prefers the Armenian phrase "Medz Yeghern," which roughly translates as "the great evil or calamity." ](/news/2016/06/23/pope-francis-s-visit-to-armenia-this-weekend-may-stress-relations-with-turkey-the-pope-is-seeking-to-avoid-reigniting-the-diplomatic-disput.md) _Context: Armenia, Pope Francis, genocide of Armenians_
2. [Armenia commemorates the 100th anniversary of the Armenian Genocide by the Ottoman Empire. ](/news/2015/04/24/armenia-commemorates-the-100th-anniversary-of-the-armenian-genocide-by-the-ottoman-empire.md) _Context: Armenia, Ottoman-era, genocide of Armenians_
3. [Russian President Dmitry Medvedev begins a state visit in Armenia by meeting with Armenian president Serzh Sargsyan and paying tribute to the victims of the Armenian genocide at the Tsitsernakaberd memorial. Russian military presence in the South Caucasian republic is to be extended until 2044.](/news/2010/08/19/russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-begins-a-state-visit-in-armenia-by-meeting-with-armenian-president-serzh-sargsyan-and-paying-tribute-to-th.md) _Context: Armenia, Serzh Sargsyan, genocide of Armenians_
4. [Authorities declare that the Republican Party, led by President Serzh Sargsyan, wins the Armenia election amid accusations by opposition parties and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe of voting irregularities. ](/news/2017/04/3/authorities-declare-that-the-republican-party-led-by-president-serzh-sargsyan-wins-the-armenia-election-amid-accusations-by-opposition-par.md) _Context: Armenia, Serzh Sargsyan_
5. [Voters in Armenia go to the polls for an election, the first since constitutional changes were approved in a referendum in 2015, which changed the country's governance from a semi-presidential system to a parliamentary republic. Opinion polls predict a tight race between the nationalist Republican Party, led by President Serzh Sargsyan, and the centre-right Prosperous Armenia, led by Gagik Tsarukyan. With votes from 64% of the polling stations counted, the Republican Party leads with 49.7% of votes. ](/news/2017/04/2/voters-in-armenia-go-to-the-polls-for-an-election-the-first-since-constitutional-changes-were-approved-in-a-referendum-in-2015-which-chang.md) _Context: Armenia, Serzh Sargsyan_
6. [A two-week standoff comes to an end in Yerevan, Armenia, after the remaining gunmen holed up in a police station surrender to police. The National Security Service says "twenty terrorists have been arrested" following the "complete liberation" of the police compound. ](/news/2016/07/31/a-two-week-standoff-comes-to-an-end-in-yerevan-armenia-after-the-remaining-gunmen-holed-up-in-a-police-station-surrender-to-police-the-na.md) _Context: Armenia, Yerevan_
7. [At least one person is reportedly killed and others are taken hostage after an armed group seized control of the police headquarters in the Erebuni District of Yerevan, Armenia. The gunmen are demanding the release of jailed opposition figure, Jirair Sefilian, according to Armenia's National Security Service. ](/news/2016/07/17/at-least-one-person-is-reportedly-killed-and-others-are-taken-hostage-after-an-armed-group-seized-control-of-the-police-headquarters-in-the.md) _Context: Armenia, Yerevan_
8. [Eleven Turkish-German members of Germany's Parliament, the Bundestag, who voted in support of declaring the Ottoman Turks slaughter of Armenians in 1915 a genocide, are under police protection.  The legislators have faced heavy criticism from Turkish officials, as well as from Turkish Germans. ](/news/2016/06/13/eleven-turkish-german-members-of-germany-s-parliament-the-bundestag-who-voted-in-support-of-declaring-the-ottoman-turks-slaughter-of-armen.md) _Context: Ottoman-era, genocide of Armenians_
9. [Armenia will recognize the independence of the breakaway Nagorno-Karabakh Republic from Azerbaijan if military actions there continue, according to Armenian President Serzh Sargsyan. Azerbaijan has resorted to an "unprecedented provocation along the entire perimeter of the contact line" with Nagorno-Karabakh, Sargsyan told a meeting with ambassadors from member states of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe, referring to the latest flare-up of the conflict. ](/news/2016/04/4/armenia-will-recognize-the-independence-of-the-breakaway-nagorno-karabakh-republic-from-azerbaijan-if-military-actions-there-continue-accor.md) _Context: Armenia, Serzh Sargsyan_
10. [At least two people are killed and seven are injured following an explosion on a bus in Yerevan, Armenia. The cause of the blast is being investigated. ](/news/2016/04/25/at-least-two-people-are-killed-and-seven-are-injured-following-an-explosion-on-a-bus-in-yerevan-armenia-the-cause-of-the-blast-is-being-in.md) _Context: Armenia, Yerevan_
