### [2016-06-24](/news/2016/06/24/index.md)

# Volkswagen emissions scandal: South Korea issues an arrest warrant for a Korean-based Volkswagen AG executive in relation to the emissions scandal. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via ''Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/reuters/article-3657491/S-Korea-issues-arrest-warrant-VW-exec-emissions-probe--prosecution-official.html#ixzz4CS6cpNdQ)

### Related:

1. [North and South Korea agree to reduce tensions on the Korean peninsula after marathon talks. ](/news/2015/08/24/north-and-south-korea-agree-to-reduce-tensions-on-the-korean-peninsula-after-marathon-talks.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, South Korea_
2. [South Korea claims that North Korea has fired two short range missiles into the ocean to the east of the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2014/07/9/south-korea-claims-that-north-korea-has-fired-two-short-range-missiles-into-the-ocean-to-the-east-of-the-korean-peninsula.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, South Korea_
3. [Aftermath of the 2013 Korean crisis:: North Korea warns against an underway joint military drill by South Korea and the United States, stating that the exercise could jeopardize a recent easing of tension on the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2013/08/29/aftermath-of-the-2013-korean-crisis-north-korea-warns-against-an-underway-joint-military-drill-by-south-korea-and-the-united-states-stati.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, South Korea_
4. [2013 Korean crisis:: South Korea's Ministry of Unification says that North Korea is denying workers entry to joint-Korean Kaesong complex amid tensions on the peninsula. The Ministry of Defence will consider a military action if the workers' security is threatened. The U.S. Navy sends USS "John McCain" and USS "Decatur" into the area. ](/news/2013/04/3/2013-korean-crisis-south-korea-s-ministry-of-unification-says-that-north-korea-is-denying-workers-entry-to-joint-korean-kaesong-complex-am.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, South Korea_
5. [2013 Korean crisis:: North Korea issues an "ultimatum" to South Korea, demanding blanket apologies and an immediate cessation of anti-DPRK activities. Some protesters in Seoul were noted burning portraits of North Korean leaders on Monday, while North Korea celebrated the birthday of the late Kim Il-sung. The new threat comes amid what is otherwise perceived as an easing of tensions on the Korean Peninsula. North Korean authorities say that an attack may occur without warning at any moment. ](/news/2013/04/16/2013-korean-crisis-north-korea-issues-an-ultimatum-to-south-korea-demanding-blanket-apologies-and-an-immediate-cessation-of-anti-dprk-a.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, South Korea_
6. [2013 Korean crisis:: South Korean police stop a planned launch of anti-North Korean leaflets across the border, as the government of South Korea seeks to open dialogue with the North and defuse soaring tensions in the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2013/04/13/2013-korean-crisis-south-korean-police-stop-a-planned-launch-of-anti-north-korean-leaflets-across-the-border-as-the-government-of-south-k.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, South Korea_
7. [North Korea renews war threats against South Korea and the United States, saying conditions "for a simmering nuclear war" have been created on the Korean peninsula. The country also says it is cutting a military hotline, which facilitates the travel of South Korean workers to a joint industrial complex in Kaesong. ](/news/2013/03/27/north-korea-renews-war-threats-against-south-korea-and-the-united-states-saying-conditions-for-a-simmering-nuclear-war-have-been-created.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, South Korea_
8. [Korean Peninsula:: The Yonhap news agency reports that sources have advised them that North Korea is plotting to assassinate Kim Kwan-jin, currently South Korea's defence minister. ](/news/2011/08/10/korean-peninsula-the-yonhap-news-agency-reports-that-sources-have-advised-them-that-north-korea-is-plotting-to-assassinate-kim-kwan-jin-c.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, South Korea_
9. [2011 Pacific typhoon season:: Tropical Storm Meari leaves at least nine people dead and three missing as it strikes the west coast of South Korea, with heavy rains and strong winds causing flooding and the suspension of sea traffic around the Korean Peninsula.](/news/2011/06/27/2011-pacific-typhoon-season-tropical-storm-meari-leaves-at-least-nine-people-dead-and-three-missing-as-it-strikes-the-west-coast-of-south.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, South Korea_
10. [China and South Korea are to hold defence talks following tension on the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2010/12/26/china-and-south-korea-are-to-hold-defence-talks-following-tension-on-the-korean-peninsula.md) _Context: Korean Peninsula, South Korea_
