### [2016-06-24](/news/2016/06/24/index.md)

# West Virginia police report powerful flash floods last night killed at least 26 people and swept away a toddler from Ravenswood. Up to 10 inches (25 cm) of rain fell in White Sulphur Springs in the southern part of the state. A state of emergency had been declared in 44 counties. Almost 500,000 customers are without power including thousands in Virginia. 

Historic flooding in West Virginia has caused dangerous conditions that have killed at least 23 people and left thousands without power.


### Source:

1. [Good Morning America via Yahoo News](https://gma.yahoo.com/rescue-effort-underway-hundreds-trapped-wv-mall-officials-095605302--abc-news-topstories.html#)
2. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/weather/west-virginia-floods-4-dead-young-boy-missing-thousands-left-n598346)
3. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2016/06/24/2-dead-floods-sweep-west-virginia/86329316/)

### Related:

1. [The Kanawha County sheriff's office reports the death toll is now 26--three more victims were found overnight. It is the third-deadliest flood in West Virginia history. ](/news/2016/06/25/the-kanawha-county-sheriff-s-office-reports-the-death-toll-is-now-26athree-more-victims-were-found-overnight-it-is-the-third-deadliest-fl.md) _Context: 2016 West Virginia flood, West Virginia_
2. [The death toll from storms in the Mid-Atlantic states of the United States reaches 13, with millions out of power and states of emergencies declared in the states of Ohio, West Virginia, Virginia and Maryland as well as the District of Columbia. ](/news/2012/06/30/the-death-toll-from-storms-in-the-mid-atlantic-states-of-the-united-states-reaches-13-with-millions-out-of-power-and-states-of-emergencies.md) _Context: West Virginia, states of emergency_
3. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 kp/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-kp-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: states of emergency_
4. [The La Tuna fire continues to burn in Los Angeles, California, becoming the largest fire in the city's history at around 5,800 acres. Mayor Eric Garcetti declares a state of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/3/the-la-tuna-fire-continues-to-burn-in-los-angeles-california-becoming-the-largest-fire-in-the-city-s-history-at-around-5-800-acres-mayor.md) _Context: states of emergency_
5. [The Government of Hungary has decided to extend the state of emergency declared last year because of the increased migration to and through the country. Government spokesman Zoltan Kovacs stated that strict border controls were still needed because the "threat of terrorism in Europe has increased". ](/news/2017/08/30/the-government-of-hungary-has-decided-to-extend-the-state-of-emergency-declared-last-year-because-of-the-increased-migration-to-and-through.md) _Context: states of emergency_
6. [The federal government of Brazil informs the World Health Organization that it is ending its state of emergency concerning the Zika virus, following a 95.3% reduction in cases in early 2017 compared to early 2016. ](/news/2017/05/11/the-federal-government-of-brazil-informs-the-world-health-organization-that-it-is-ending-its-state-of-emergency-concerning-the-zika-virus-f.md) _Context: states of emergency_
7. [Robert Bentley, the Governor of Alabama, declares a state of emergency due to forecasts of storms with the threat of tornadoes during the day. The neighboring state of Georgia also faces the threat of severe weather. ](/news/2017/04/4/robert-bentley-the-governor-of-alabama-declares-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-forecasts-of-storms-with-the-threat-of-tornadoes-during-the-da.md) _Context: states of emergency_
8. [The Grand National Assembly of Turkey votes to extend a state of emergency imposed after last year's attempted coup for another three months. ](/news/2017/01/3/the-grand-national-assembly-of-turkey-votes-to-extend-a-state-of-emergency-imposed-after-last-year-s-attempted-coup-for-another-three-months.md) _Context: states of emergency_
9. [California Governor Jerry Brown declares a state of emergency in 50 counties, as winter storms kill four and cause millions of dollars in damage. ](/news/2017/01/24/california-governor-jerry-brown-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-50-counties-as-winter-storms-kill-four-and-cause-millions-of-dollars-in-da.md) _Context: states of emergency_
10. [Chile has declared a state of emergency and requested international help to help deal with forest fires. ](/news/2017/01/22/chile-has-declared-a-state-of-emergency-and-requested-international-help-to-help-deal-with-forest-fires.md) _Context: states of emergency_
