### [2002-09-1](/news/2002/09/1/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The Arab League disavowed the final statement made by the Zayed Center for Coordination and Follow-Up, claiming that they adhere to a policy of supporting Israel's right to exist within pre-1967 borders, and restating that the conflict in the Middle East is between Palestinians and Israelis, not all Jews.




### Related:

1. [Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-police-in-jerusalem-today-with-two-of-the-attackers-shot-dead-a.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
2. [ The President of the United States announces a Middle East peace conference in the fall involving Israel, Palestinians and neighboring countries. ](/news/2007/07/16/the-president-of-the-united-states-announces-a-middle-east-peace-conference-in-the-fall-involving-israel-palestinians-and-neighboring-coun.md) _Context: Israel, Middle East, Palestinians_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel and Palestinians have agreed to a ceasefire.](/news/2006/11/24/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-and-palestinians-have-agreed-to-a-ceasefire.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel bans Palestinians from East Jerusalem from voting in the next Palestinian legislative election throwing the entire election in doubt. Israel claims that it made the ban out of fears that Hamas would do well. ](/news/2005/12/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-bans-palestinians-from-east-jerusalem-from-voting-in-the-next-palestinian-legislative-election-throwin.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel is to ban using Palestinians as human shields following a Supreme Court of Israel ruling. ](/news/2005/10/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-is-to-ban-using-palestinians-as-human-shields-following-a-supreme-court-of-israel-ruling.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Two Palestinians were shot dead by Israeli soldiers in the West Bank after they attacked an Israeli Defence Forces vehicle in Tulkarm. ](/news/2005/10/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-two-palestinians-were-shot-dead-by-israeli-soldiers-in-the-west-bank-after-they-attacked-an-israeli-defence-f.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israel bans Palestinians from travelling throughout the West Bank and cuts off contact with the Palestinian Authority. ](/news/2005/10/17/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-bans-palestinians-from-travelling-throughout-the-west-bank-and-cuts-off-contact-with-the-palestinian-a.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Islamic Jihad have announced that they are to "re-evaluate" their cease-fire after Israeli soldiers kill 3 Palestinians, all aged 14. Palestinian witnesses allege they were killed trying to retrieve a football in a no-go area near the Egypt border at the Rafah Refugee camp. According to Israel Radio, Palestinian security services notified Israel they had detained two boys who were not hit by IDF fire, and that the group of five youths were smugglers. At least 10 mortar shells are then fired at the Gush Katif settlements. A Hamas leader, Saeed Siyam, is quoted by the AP as saying the boys deaths would be "avenged". ](/news/2005/04/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-islamic-jihad-have-announced-that-they-are-to-re-evaluate-their-cease-fire-after-israeli-soldiers-kill-3-pa.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
9. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinians_
10. [In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the-three-palestinian-assailants.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinians_
