### [2014-11-3](/news/2014/11/3/index.md)

# Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant:Islamic State militants claim to have captured the Jahar gas fields in the Syrian province of Homs, the second gas field they have captured in a week. 

Islamic State fighters in Syria said on Monday they had taken control of a gas field in the central province of Homs, the second gas field seized in a week after battles with government forces.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/2014/11/03/mideast-crisis-homs-idINKBN0IN0ET20141103)

### Related:

1. [The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant destroys the historic Mar Elian monastery near the town of Al-Qaryatayn in the Homs Governorate in Syria. ](/news/2015/08/21/the-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-destroys-the-historic-mar-elian-monastery-near-the-town-of-al-qaryatayn-in-the-homs-governorate-in.md) _Context: Homs Governorate, Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
2. [The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack in what it claims is a response to Turkey's actions in neighbouring Syria. ](/news/2017/01/2/the-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-for-the-attack-in-what-it-claims-is-a-response-to-turkey-s-actions-in-neighbo.md) _Context: Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
3. [Syrian Government forces enter Raqqa province, the joint capital of Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. It is one of three simultaneous attacks in Iraq and Syria.  ](/news/2016/06/4/syrian-government-forces-enter-raqqa-province-the-joint-capital-of-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-it-is-one-of-three-simultaneous-at.md) _Context: Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
4. [Turkey claims that its artillery fire together with U.S. air strikes killed more than 104 ISIL militants after rockets fired from northern Syria killed several people in the Turkish town of Kilis. ](/news/2016/05/28/turkey-claims-that-its-artillery-fire-together-with-u-s-air-strikes-killed-more-than-104-isil-militants-after-rockets-fired-from-northern-s.md) _Context: Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
5. [ISIS claims responsibility for the deaths of two Syrian refugee activists who fled to Sanliurfa, Turkey, raising concerns about the group's reach in countries outside of Syria and Iraq. Ibrahim Abdel Qader, a founder of Raqqa Is Being Slaughtered Silently, and Fares Hammadi are said to have been killed by an acquaintance posing as a defector from ISIS. ](/news/2015/11/3/isis-claims-responsibility-for-the-deaths-of-two-syrian-refugee-activists-who-fled-to-sanliurfa-turkey-raising-concerns-about-the-groupa.md) _Context: Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
6. [France launches a series of airstrikes on Raqqa, the Islamic State's de facto capital in Syria, destroying a jihadi training camp and a munitions dump. ](/news/2015/11/15/france-launches-a-series-of-airstrikes-on-raqqa-the-islamic-state-s-de-facto-capital-in-syria-destroying-a-jihadi-training-camp-and-a-muni.md) _Context: Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
7. [Turkish forces engage Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) militants along the Syrian border:Turkish troops kill four Islamic State militants in Turkey's southeastern Gaziantep Province when two cars with ISIS passengers advanced on a Turkish armored vehicle near a border post in Oguzeli. ](/news/2015/11/14/turkish-forces-engage-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-isil-militants-along-the-syrian-border-pturkish-troops-kill-four-islamic-state.md) _Context: Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
8. [Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant The United States conducts airstrikes targeting Kuwaiti-British militant Jihadi John. Later, the U.S. says it is "reasonably certain" a drone strike in Syria killed Jihadi John, ne Mohammed Emwazi.  ](/news/2015/11/13/islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-pthe-united-states-conducts-airstrikes-targeting-kuwaiti-british-militant-jihadi-john-later-the-u-s.md) _Context: Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
9. [Islamic State fighters seize control of Mahin, a town in Syria's central Homs province, following clashes with government forces which left about 50 dead. Fighting was also reported to be taking place on the outskirts of Sadad, a nearby town mostly populated by Christians. ](/news/2015/11/1/islamic-state-fighters-seize-control-of-mahin-a-town-in-syria-s-central-homs-province-following-clashes-with-government-forces-which-left.md) _Context: Homs Governorate, Syria_
10. [United States Defense Secretary Ashton Carter says the U.S. will begin "direct action on the ground" against the ISIL forces in Iraq and Syria, aiming to intensify pressure on the militants as progress against the militants remains elusive. The U.S. has done some special operations raids in Syria, e.g., last week's rescue operation with Kurdish forces in northern Iraq to free hostages held by ISIL. Carter also said the U.S. would intensify the air campaign against ISIL with heavier airstrikes and will focus on Raqqa, the group's declared capital in Syria.  ](/news/2015/10/27/united-states-defense-secretary-ashton-carter-says-the-u-s-will-begin-direct-action-on-the-ground-against-the-isil-forces-in-iraq-and-syr.md) _Context: Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant, Syria_
