### [2014-11-3](/news/2014/11/3/index.md)

# One World Trade Center officially opens, replacing its predecessor 13 years after the September 11 attacks. 

Thirteen years after the 9/11 terrorist attack, World Trade Center is opening for business again.


### Source:

1. [FOXNews](http://www.foxnews.com/us/2014/11/03/resurrection-world-trade-center-reopens-for-business-13-years-after-11/?intcmp=ob_homepage_US&intcmp=obnetwork)

### Related:

1. [ Construction begins on the Freedom Tower in New York City breaking a deadlock between the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which owns the site, and private developer Larry Silverstein. The 1,776-foot tower is the centerpiece of the rebuilding effort for the World Trade Center, which was destroyed in the September 11, 2001, attacks. ](/news/2006/04/27/construction-begins-on-the-freedom-tower-in-new-york-city-breaking-a-deadlock-between-the-port-authority-of-new-york-and-new-jersey-which.md) _Context: One World Trade Center, predecessor_
2. [ A revised plan is unveiled for the new Freedom Tower which will be erected on the site of the World Trade Center in New York City. At a symbolic height of 1,776 feet (541 m) (1776 is significant as the year of the United States Declaration of Independence) the projected edifice will be among the tallest buildings in the world. ](/news/2003/12/19/a-revised-plan-is-unveiled-for-the-new-freedom-tower-which-will-be-erected-on-the-site-of-the-world-trade-center-in-new-york-city-at-a-sym.md) _Context: One World Trade Center, predecessor_
3. [ September 11 attacks: Planes are hijacked by al-Qaeda members and flown into the World Trade Center in New York City, The Pentagon, and a field in Pennsylvania, killing 2,996 people.](/news/2001/09/11/september-11-attacks-planes-are-hijacked-by-al-qaeda-members-and-flown-into-the-world-trade-center-in-new-york-city-the-pentagon-and-a-f.md) _Context: September 11 attacks, predecessor_
4. [Saudi Arabia-United States relations: The United States Congress passes a law allowing families of the victims of the September 11 attacks to sue Saudi Arabia. U.S. president Barack Obama threatens to veto it. ](/news/2016/09/9/saudi-arabia-united-states-relations-the-united-states-congress-passes-a-law-allowing-families-of-the-victims-of-the-september-11-attacks.md) _Context: September 11 attacks_
5. [The Police Department of Everett, Washington, identifies and returns the American flag from the September 11 attacks to Ground Zero, the World Trade Center site in New York City. ](/news/2016/09/8/the-police-department-of-everett-washington-identifies-and-returns-the-american-flag-from-the-september-11-attacks-to-ground-zero-the-wor.md) _Context: September 11 attacks_
6. [United States presidential election, 2016: Hillary Clinton's doctor says she is being treated for pneumonia and dehydration after the Democratic Party presidential candidate fell ill and abruptly left a ceremony in New York City honoring the 15th anniversary of the September 11 attacks. ](/news/2016/09/11/united-states-presidential-election-2016-hillary-clinton-s-doctor-says-she-is-being-treated-for-pneumonia-and-dehydration-after-the-democr.md) _Context: September 11 attacks_
7. [2016 Orlando nightclub shooting: In what is the deadliest mass shooting and the worst terror attack since 9/11 to occur in the United States, a mass shooting at a gay nightclub in the U.S. city of Orlando, Florida, kills at least 50 people, including the shooter, and injures 53. ](/news/2016/06/12/2016-orlando-nightclub-shooting-in-what-is-the-deadliest-mass-shooting-and-the-worst-terror-attack-since-9-11-to-occur-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: September 11 attacks_
8. [Sweden-United States relations: Swedish deputy prime minister Asa Romson is criticized after referring to the September 11 attacks in New York as mere "accidents". Romson made the comments on public television while discussing the resignation of housing minister Mehmet Kaplan who had compared Israel's treatment of Arabs to the Nazis' treatment of Jews during the Holocaust. ](/news/2016/04/19/sweden-united-states-relations-swedish-deputy-prime-minister-asa-romson-is-criticized-after-referring-to-the-september-11-attacks-in-new.md) _Context: September 11 attacks_
9. [United States Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson says the Obama administration will announce a new terror alert system "in the coming days," that will better inform the public about threats to the United States. This will be the third terror alert system put in place since the September 11, 2001, terrorist attacks. ](/news/2015/12/7/united-states-homeland-security-secretary-jeh-johnson-says-the-obama-administration-will-announce-a-new-terror-alert-system-in-the-coming-d.md) _Context: September 11 attacks_
10. [A cache of classified intelligence documents published from The Intercept, released by an anonymous whistleblower, highlight details surrounding post-September 11 attacks United States drone strikes in Afghanistan, Somalia, and Yemen, alleging that the United States conducts these strikes under extremely unreliable information and faulty pretenses. ](/news/2015/10/15/a-cache-of-classified-intelligence-documents-published-from-the-intercept-released-by-an-anonymous-whistleblower-highlight-details-surroun.md) _Context: September 11 attacks_
