### [2014-12-17](/news/2014/12/17/index.md)

# FIFA's independent ethics investigator Michael J. Garcia resigns from that position in protest over the organization's handling of his compiled report on corruption allegations in connection with the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 FIFA World Cups. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/sport/0/football/30522170)

### Related:

1. [A United Kingdom House of Commons inquiry into allegations of corruption associated with bids for the 2018 and 2022 FIFA World Cup tournaments accuses FIFA of trying to dismiss the allegations and questions FIFA President Sepp Blatter's commitment to reform. ](/news/2011/07/5/a-united-kingdom-house-of-commons-inquiry-into-allegations-of-corruption-associated-with-bids-for-the-2018-and-2022-fifa-world-cup-tournamen.md) _Context: 2018, 2022 FIFA World Cup, FIFA, World Cup_
2. [FIFA shares results of their investigation with legal authorities showing former president Sepp Blatter and two others gave themselves  nearly $80 million over the past five years via annual raises and World Cup bonuses. ](/news/2016/06/3/fifa-shares-results-of-their-investigation-with-legal-authorities-showing-former-president-sepp-blatter-and-two-others-gave-themselves-near.md) _Context: FIFA, World Cup_
3. [FIFA announces Moscow's Luzhniki Stadium will stage both the opening match and the final at the 2018 FIFA World Cup. Also FIFA chooses four cities for the 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup that will take place in the Russian cities of Moscow, Saint Petersburg, Kazan and Sochi. ](/news/2012/12/14/fifa-announces-moscow-s-luzhniki-stadium-will-stage-both-the-opening-match-and-the-final-at-the-2018-fifa-world-cup-also-fifa-chooses-four.md) _Context: 2018, FIFA_
4. [Former Football Association chairman David Triesman alleges that four members of FIFA sought "bribes" in return for backing England's failed bid to host the 2018 World Cup. ](/news/2011/05/10/former-football-association-chairman-david-triesman-alleges-that-four-members-of-fifa-sought-bribes-in-return-for-backing-england-s-failed.md) _Context: 2018, FIFA_
5. [FIFA executive committee member Franz Beckenbauer says Qatar ought to be allowed to host the 2022 FIFA World Cup, the first in the Middle East and in an Arab country, during winter in an unusual move. The event is usually held during summer months. ](/news/2010/12/4/fifa-executive-committee-member-franz-beckenbauer-says-qatar-ought-to-be-allowed-to-host-the-2022-fifa-world-cup-the-first-in-the-middle-ea.md) _Context: 2022 FIFA World Cup, FIFA_
6. [There are mass celebrations on the streets of Doha, Qatar, following FIFA's announcement that the country of 1,696,563 people is to present the 2022 FIFA World Cup. ](/news/2010/12/3/there-are-mass-celebrations-on-the-streets-of-doha-qatar-following-fifa-s-announcement-that-the-country-of-1-696-563-people-is-to-present.md) _Context: 2022 FIFA World Cup, FIFA_
7. [FIFA dismisses the bid of Indonesia for the 2022 FIFA World Cup after the country failed to provide "guarantees". ](/news/2010/03/19/fifa-dismisses-the-bid-of-indonesia-for-the-2022-fifa-world-cup-after-the-country-failed-to-provide-guarantees.md) _Context: 2022 FIFA World Cup, FIFA_
8. [UEFA President Michel Platini, who had been suspended by the FIFA Ethics Committee last fall, announces his resignation following the Court of Arbitration for Sport decision  that let stand his ban, shortened to four years which corresponds to the duration of his remaining time in office. The court ruled that Platini was guilty of conflict of interest for taking a $2 million payment from FIFA approved by Sepp Blatter in 2011.  ](/news/2016/05/9/uefa-president-michel-platini-who-had-been-suspended-by-the-fifa-ethics-committee-last-fall-announces-his-resignation-following-the-court.md) _Context: FIFA_
9. [Fatma Samoura, a Senegalese United Nations official, is appointed as the Secretary General of FIFA. She is the first woman and first person from outside Europe to be appointed to the position. ](/news/2016/05/13/fatma-samoura-a-senegalese-united-nations-official-is-appointed-as-the-secretary-general-of-fifa-she-is-the-first-woman-and-first-person.md) _Context: FIFA_
10. [President of FIFA Gianni Infantino says a new independent committee will be set up to monitor working conditions at Qatar's 2022 World Cup venues. The move is an attempt by the world football's governing body to ease fears of human rights abuses in the state, where organizations like Amnesty International documented multiple cases of poor working conditions and abuses against migrant workers. ](/news/2016/04/22/president-of-fifa-gianni-infantino-says-a-new-independent-committee-will-be-set-up-to-monitor-working-conditions-at-qatar-s-2022-world-cup-v.md) _Context: 2022 FIFA World Cup_
