### [2012-06-3](/news/2012/06/3/index.md)

# Speaking on the BBC's ''The Andrew Marr Show'', British Prime Minister David Cameron says that Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt "acted wisely" in his handling of the BSkyB takeover bid. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-18313587)

### Related:

1. [British Culture Secretary Jeremy Hunt appears at the Leveson Inquiry into media practices in the UK. The inquiry hears that he congratulated James Murdoch on the progress of News Corporation's takeover bid for BSkyB just hours before he was charged with overseeing it, but acted impartially once he took on the role. Prime Minister David Cameron says he will not order an inquiry into Hunt's ministerial conduct. ](/news/2012/05/31/british-culture-secretary-jeremy-hunt-appears-at-the-leveson-inquiry-into-media-practices-in-the-uk-the-inquiry-hears-that-he-congratulated.md) _Context: BSkyB takeover bid, David Cameron, Jeremy Hunt, Prime Minister, Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport_
2. [As the Leveson Inquiry releases emails exchanged between UK Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport Jeremy Hunt and News Corporation lobbyist Fred Michel, Prime Minister David Cameron says he does not regret his decision to let Hunt rule on News Corp's bid for BSkyB. ](/news/2012/05/25/as-the-leveson-inquiry-releases-emails-exchanged-between-uk-secretary-of-state-for-culture-media-and-sport-jeremy-hunt-and-news-corporation.md) _Context: David Cameron, Jeremy Hunt, Prime Minister, Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport_
3. [10 Downing Street denies that British Prime Minister David Cameron's spokesman Craig Oliver warned ''The Daily Telegraph'' against running a critical story on MPs expenses claimed by Culture Secretary Maria Miller because of her role in enacting proposals in the Leveson report. ](/news/2012/12/12/10-downing-street-denies-that-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-s-spokesman-craig-oliver-warned-the-daily-telegraph-against-running-a.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minister, Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport_
4. [News Corporation lobbyist Fred Michel tells the Leveson Inquiry there was nothing inappropriate in his relationship with Adam Smith, a special adviser to UK Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport Jeremy Hunt. Smith later tells the hearing Hunt sent a memorandum to Prime Minister David Cameron in which he said he was in favour of News Corp's bid to take control of BSkyB before he was given a key role in the process. ](/news/2012/05/24/news-corporation-lobbyist-fred-michel-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-there-was-nothing-inappropriate-in-his-relationship-with-adam-smith-a-speci.md) _Context: David Cameron, Jeremy Hunt, Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport_
5. [Former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron resigns as MP for Witney, triggering a by-election. ](/news/2016/09/12/former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-resigns-as-mp-for-witney-triggering-a-by-election.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minister_
6. [Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leader-of-the-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-d.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minister_
7. [The process to elect a new leader of the Conservative Party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron begins in the United Kingdom. The Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb is the first Conservative Party politician to announce his official candidacy for leader. ](/news/2016/06/29/the-process-to-elect-a-new-leader-of-the-conservative-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-david-cameron-begins-in-the-united-kingdom-t.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minister_
8. [Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though  Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-the-uk-wide-brexit-result-binds-the-entire-nation-ev.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minister_
9. [The United Kingdom votes, 52% to 48%, to leave the European Union. Prime Minister David Cameron, who called the referendum three years ago, announces his resignation indicating he will leave office by October. ](/news/2016/06/24/the-united-kingdom-votes-52-to-48-to-leave-the-european-union-prime-minister-david-cameron-who-called-the-referendum-three-years-ago.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minister_
10. [United Kingdom Prime Minister David Cameron admits he benefited from a Panama-based offshore trust, Blairmore Holdings Inc., set up by his late father. Cameron says he divested himself of his shares, for PS31,500 (US$44,300), before becoming prime minister in 2010. ](/news/2016/04/7/united-kingdom-prime-minister-david-cameron-admits-he-benefited-from-a-panama-based-offshore-trust-blairmore-holdings-inc-set-up-by-his-l.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minister_
