### [2012-06-3](/news/2012/06/3/index.md)

# Syrian uprising (2011-present):. Sporadic fighting continues in Tripoli, Lebanon, between supporters and opponents of Syrian president Bashar al-Assad. 

Sporadic gunfire punctuates a cautious calm in the north Lebanon city of Tripoli following fierce overnight clashes between opponents and supporters of Syrian President Bashar Assad.


### Source:

1. [The Daily Star](http://www.dailystar.com.lb/News/Local-News/2012/Jun-03/175512-fierce-clashes-rage-in-north-lebanon-12-killed.ashx#axzz1wkrJeWrW)

### Related:

1. [Syrian uprising (2011-present):. Syrian President Bashar al Assad accuses neighboring Turkey of supporting "terrorists" and contributing to the bloodshed in Syria. ](/news/2012/07/4/syrian-uprising-2011-present-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-accuses-neighboring-turkey-of-supporting-terrorists-and-contributing-t.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian uprising (2011-present)_
2. [Syrian uprising (2011-present):. Syrian President Bashar al-Assad states that Syria will not accept a foreign solution to their problem. ](/news/2012/06/29/syrian-uprising-2011-present-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-states-that-syria-will-not-accept-a-foreign-solution-to-their-problem.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian uprising (2011-present)_
3. [Syrian uprising:. President Bashar al-Assad declares that a state of war exists in Syria as fighting spills into Damascus. ](/news/2012/06/27/syrian-uprising-president-bashar-al-assad-declares-that-a-state-of-war-exists-in-syria-as-fighting-spills-into-damascus.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Syrian uprising (2011-present)_
4. [Syrian uprising (2011-present):. Clashes between supporters and opponents of Syrian president Bashar al-Assad kill at least 12 and injure more than 40 people in the Lebanese port city of Tripoli. ](/news/2012/06/2/syrian-uprising-2011-present-clashes-between-supporters-and-opponents-of-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-kill-at-least-12-and-injure.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syrian uprising (2011-present), Tripoli, Lebanon_
5. [Several people are killed in clashes in the Lebanese city of Tripoli between supporters and opponents of the Syrian president Bashar al-Assad, in a violent spillover from the Syrian civil war. ](/news/2012/05/13/several-people-are-killed-in-clashes-in-the-lebanese-city-of-tripoli-between-supporters-and-opponents-of-the-syrian-president-bashar-al-assa.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria, Tripoli, Lebanon_
6. [Syrian Civil War. Israeli Minister of Construction Yoav Galant states that Syrian President Bashar al-Assad should be assassinated. Yesterday, the United States Department of State accused the al-Assad government of using a crematory at Sednaya Prison to cover up the mass murders of thousands of political prisoners. The Syrian government denies the accusations. ](/news/2017/05/16/syrian-civil-war-israeli-minister-of-construction-yoav-galant-states-that-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-should-be-assassinated-yesterda.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria_
7. [March 2017 Israel-Syria incident. In response to several Israeli airstrikes against suspected Hezbollah-related targets inside Syria, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has threatened wider war with the State of Israel, stating its intention to fire Scud missiles, and specifically target the Israeli city of Haifa. Israel responded by stating that any such actions by the Assad regime, or attacks on its aircraft, will cause Israel to "annihilate" Syrian air defense systems. ](/news/2017/03/25/march-2017-israel-syria-incident-in-response-to-several-israeli-airstrikes-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-inside-syria-syri.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria_
8. [ CHP MP Ozturk Yilmaz says Turkey has expressed its readiness to work with president Assad of Syria. ](/news/2016/12/26/chp-mp-azta1-4rk-ya-lmaz-says-turkey-has-expressed-its-readiness-to-work-with-president-assad-of-syria.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria_
9. [Syrian Civil War. 2016 Deir ez-Zor massacre. At least 75 Syrian Army soldiers and pro-Assad militiamen are killed following a multi-front attack on the eastern Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL fighters had advanced into the northern tip of Deir ez-Zor city, and captured the suburb of Al-Baghaliyeh. The pro-government Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA) reports that government forces had repelled an attack on the city leaving dozens of militants dead. ](/news/2016/01/16/syrian-civil-war-2016-deir-ez-zor-massacre-at-least-75-syrian-army-soldiers-and-pro-assad-militiamen-are-killed-following-a-multi-front-at.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria_
10. [Syrian Civil War. Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. Russia expands its military presence in Syria with an additional airbase that can accommodate fixed-winged military aircraft. The U.S. Department of Defense also confirms that Russia added S-400 surface-to-air missiles to its Syrian stockpile and armed its military aircraft with air-to-air missiles. According to Military Times, "A Pentagon spokesman expressed concern" these moves indicate Russia's commitment to aiding the embattled Assad regime as opposed to combating ISIL. No Syrian opposition groups including ISIL have combat-ready aircraft that require air-to-air missiles. ](/news/2015/12/2/syrian-civil-war-russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-russia-expands-its-military-presence-in-syria-with-an-additional-ai.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria_
