### [2011-10-16](/news/2011/10/16/index.md)

# Franois Hollande defeats Martine Aubry in a primary runoff election held by the French Socialist Party, becoming the party's official candidate to challenge incumbent President of France Nicolas Sarkozy in the 2012 presidential election. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/europe/martine-aubry-concedes-defeat-to-francois-hollande-in-french-socialist-presidential-primary/2011/10/16/gIQAUqF6oL_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Voters in France go to the polls for the first round of the French presidential election with Francois Hollande of the French Socialist Party and incumbent President Nicolas Sarkozy through to the second round. ](/news/2012/04/22/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-round-of-the-french-presidential-election-with-franassois-hollande-of-the-french-socialist-par.md) _Context: 2012 presidential election, French Socialist Party, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
2. [Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy is ordered to stand trial for alleged campaign finance fraud during his failed 2012 presidential election campaign. ](/news/2017/02/7/former-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-is-ordered-to-stand-trial-for-alleged-campaign-finance-fraud-during-his-failed-2012-presidential.md) _Context: 2012 presidential election, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
3. [Former President of France, Nicolas Sarkozy, announces his resignation from the Constitutional Council of France following a finding that he exceeded spending limits in his 2012 Presidential election campaign. ](/news/2013/07/4/former-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-announces-his-resignation-from-the-constitutional-council-of-france-following-a-finding-that-he.md) _Context: 2012 presidential election, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
4. [Voters in France go to the polls for the second round of the French presidential election, with Franois Hollande elected President. ](/news/2012/05/6/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-the-french-presidential-election-with-francois-hollande-elected-president.md) _Context: 2012 presidential election, Francois Hollande, President of France_
5. [The French Socialist Party holds a nationwide primary election to choose its candidate for the 2012 presidential election, with over 1 million voters participating and Francois Hollande and Martine Aubry entering a run-off election. ](/news/2011/10/9/the-french-socialist-party-holds-a-nationwide-primary-election-to-choose-its-candidate-for-the-2012-presidential-election-with-over-1-milli.md) _Context: 2012 presidential election, French Socialist Party, Martine Aubry_
6. [2017 shooting of Paris police officers. One policeman has been killed and another has been critically injured after a man opened fire at police officers at the Champs-Elysees in central Paris. The gunman was killed while attempting to escape, and a bystander has been injured. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack although the claim is doubted. The President of France Francois Hollande says that all leads indicate that the attack was of a "terrorist nature". ](/news/2017/04/20/2017-shooting-of-paris-police-officers-one-policeman-has-been-killed-and-another-has-been-critically-injured-after-a-man-opened-fire-at-pol.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
7. [French presidential election, 2017. Francois Hollande, the President of France, announces that he will not run in next year's presidential election. This leaves the selection of a candidate for the French Socialist Party wide open. ](/news/2016/12/1/french-presidential-election-2017-franassois-hollande-the-president-of-france-announces-that-he-will-not-run-in-next-year-s-presidential.md) _Context: French Socialist Party, President of France_
8. [French presidential election, 2017. The Republicans (France) presidential primary, 2016. Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy officially declares his candidacy for president in 2017. ](/news/2016/08/22/french-presidential-election-2017-the-republicans-france-presidential-primary-2016-former-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-official.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
9. [French presidential election, 2017. Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy resigns as leader of The Republicans party and announces his candidacy for President again. ](/news/2016/07/3/french-presidential-election-2017-former-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-resigns-as-leader-of-the-republicans-party-and-announces-his-can.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
10. [France-Russia relations. International sanctions during the Ukrainian crisis. France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-russia-relations-international-sanctions-during-the-ukrainian-crisis-france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-reso.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
