### [2012-09-19](/news/2012/09/19/index.md)

# The cabinet of Yoshihiko Noda reverses a pledge made by the Japanese government earlier in the week to end reliance on nuclear power by the 2030s. 




### Source:

1. [Kyodo News and Jiji Press via ''The Japan Times](http://www.japantimes.co.jp/text/nn20120920a1.html)

### Related:

1. [Hearings begin in the legal battle between the Japanese government and local officials in Okinawa over plans to move a U.S. military air base on the southern island. This fall, Okinawa Governor Takeshi Onaga revoked his predecessor-s authorization for a US Marine Corps air base. ](/news/2015/12/2/hearings-begin-in-the-legal-battle-between-the-japanese-government-and-local-officials-in-okinawa-over-plans-to-move-a-u-s-military-air-bas.md) _Context: Japanese government_
2. [Whaling in Japan: Japan advises the International Whaling Commission that it plans to resume hunting minke whales for scientific research in the Antarctic Ocean by the end of March 2016. The United Nations' International Court of Justice (ICJ) ruled in March 2014 that Japan's decades-old whale hunt in the Antarctic should stop, prompting Tokyo to cancel the bulk of its whaling for the 2014/2015 season. ICJ decisions were binding and cannot be appealed. ](/news/2015/11/28/whaling-in-japan-japan-advises-the-international-whaling-commission-that-it-plans-to-resume-hunting-minke-whales-for-scientific-research-in.md) _Context: Japanese government_
3. [Japan-Philippines relations: Reuters reports Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Philippine President Benigno Aquino are set to agree on a deal paving the way for Tokyo to directly supply Manila with used military equipment. An announcement is expected this week during the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Manila. ](/news/2015/11/15/japan-philippines-relations-reuters-reports-japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-and-philippine-president-benigno-aquino-are-set-to-agree.md) _Context: Japanese government_
4. [ The Government of Japan invalidates a decision by Takeshi Onaga, governor of Okinawa, to halt the expansion of a U.S. military base on the island. ](/news/2015/10/28/the-government-of-japan-invalidates-a-decision-by-takeshi-onaga-governor-of-okinawa-to-halt-the-expansion-of-a-u-s-military-base-on-the.md) _Context: Japanese government_
5. [The government of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe moves to enact legislation allowing the Japan Self-Defense Forces to serve overseas. Yesterday, fist-fights erupted in the parliament over this legislation. ](/news/2015/09/18/the-government-of-prime-minister-shinzo-abe-moves-to-enact-legislation-allowing-the-japan-self-defense-forces-to-serve-overseas-yesterday.md) _Context: Japanese government_
6. [Senkaku Islands dispute:: The Government of Japan summons the ambassador from the People's Republic of China after a flotilla of Chinese ships sail near the dispute Senkaku Islands. ](/news/2013/04/23/senkaku-islands-dispute-the-government-of-japan-summons-the-ambassador-from-the-people-s-republic-of-china-after-a-flotilla-of-chinese-shi.md) _Context: Japanese government_
7. [Using H-IIA rocket, Japan launches two spy satellites to collect sharp imagery for the government's defence and intelligence agency. ](/news/2013/01/27/using-h-iia-rocket-japan-launches-two-spy-satellites-to-collect-sharp-imagery-for-the-government-s-defence-and-intelligence-agency.md) _Context: Japanese government_
8. [The Government of Japan orders an inspection of road tunnels across the country following the Sasago Tunnel collapse on Saturday, December 1. ](/news/2012/12/3/the-government-of-japan-orders-an-inspection-of-road-tunnels-across-the-country-following-the-sasago-tunnel-collapse-on-saturday-december-1.md) _Context: Japanese government_
9. [Japanese police rescue four hostages from a Toyokawa Shinkin bank and arrest the knife-wielding man who had held them captive for more than 12 hours while demanding that Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda resign. ](/news/2012/11/22/japanese-police-rescue-four-hostages-from-a-toyokawa-shinkin-bank-and-arrest-the-knife-wielding-man-who-had-held-them-captive-for-more-than.md) _Context: Yoshihiko Noda_
10. [Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda announces he will dissolve the House of Representatives of the Diet on Friday after the ruling DPJ government and opposition LDP come to an agreement regarding a reduction of seats in the House. A general election is scheduled for December 16. ](/news/2012/11/14/japanese-prime-minister-yoshihiko-noda-announces-he-will-dissolve-the-house-of-representatives-of-the-diet-on-friday-after-the-ruling-dpj-go.md) _Context: Yoshihiko Noda_
