### [2012-09-19](/news/2012/09/19/index.md)

# The US Justice Department's inspector general finds that the agency's Operation Fast and Furious created a "significant danger to public safety". The investigation also finds that Atty. Gen. Eric H. Holder Jr. had no prior knowledge of the operation. 

WASHINGTON -- Fourteen federal law enforcement officials -- from field agents in Arizona to top managers in the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives and the Justice Department in...


### Source:

1. [Los Angeles Times](http://www.latimes.com/news/politics/la-pn-justice-department-fast-and-furious-report-20120919,0,305599.story)

### Related:

1. [United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions, along with Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and National Intelligence Director Dan Coats visit the Guantanamo Bay Detention Camp. Justice Department spokesperson Ian Prior said in a statement "Recent attacks in Europe and elsewhere confirm that the threat to our nation is immediate and real, and it remains essential that we use every lawful tool available to prevent as many attacks as possible". ](/news/2017/07/7/united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-along-with-deputy-attorney-general-rod-rosenstein-and-national-intelligence-director-dan-coats.md) _Context: Justice Department, United States Attorney General_
2. [Attorney General Eric Holder, acting for the Obama Administration, testifies before the House Judiciary Committee that he was not party to the U.S. Justice Department's secret seizure of telephone records of the news agency the Associated Press. The Justice Department seized two months worth of telephone records from AP offices and reporters. ](/news/2013/05/13/attorney-general-eric-holder-acting-for-the-obama-administration-testifies-before-the-house-judiciary-committee-that-he-was-not-party-to-t.md) _Context: Justice Department, United States Attorney General_
3. [The United States House of Representatives holds Attorney-General Eric Holder in contempt for his perceived obstruction of the Congressional investigation into Operation Fast and Furious. Most House Republicans and 17 Democrats approve the decision. ](/news/2012/06/28/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-holds-attorney-general-eric-holder-in-contempt-for-his-perceived-obstruction-of-the-congressional.md) _Context: Operation Fast and Furious, United States Attorney General_
4. [Operation Fast and Furious:The United States House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform cites the Attorney-General Eric Holder for contempt of Congress for failing to cooperate with an investigation into Operation "Fast and Furious". ](/news/2012/06/20/operation-fast-and-furious-pthe-united-states-house-committee-on-oversight-and-government-reform-cites-the-attorney-general-eric-holder-for.md) _Context: Operation Fast and Furious, United States Attorney General_
5. [United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions requests the resignations of 46 Barack Obama-era chief federal prosecutors, including United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara, who was previously told to stay on by then President-elect Donald Trump in November. ](/news/2017/03/10/united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-requests-the-resignations-of-46-barack-obama-era-chief-federal-prosecutors-including-united-st.md) _Context: United States Attorney General_
6. [The United States Senate, in a 52 to 47 vote, confirms the nomination of Jeff Sessions as United States Attorney General. ](/news/2017/02/8/the-united-states-senate-in-a-52-to-47-vote-confirms-the-nomination-of-jeff-sessions-as-united-states-attorney-general.md) _Context: United States Attorney General_
7. [U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch announces criminal corruption charges against 16 FIFA officials in an indictment that expands Justice's  May filing that indicted 14 officials associated with FIFA (Federation Internationale de Football Association) and related sports marketing companies.  At U.S. authorities request, Swiss police  arrest two South American FIFA (Federation Internationale de Football Association) officials at the five-star Baur au Lac hotel in Zurich, on suspicion of accepting "millions of dollars" in bribes. In addition, eight of the defendants indicted in May have pleaded guilty. ](/news/2015/12/3/u-s-attorney-general-loretta-lynch-announces-criminal-corruption-charges-against-16-fifa-officials-in-an-indictment-that-expands-justice-s.md) _Context: United States Attorney General_
8. [The United States Justice Department launches an investigation of money laundering associated with the 1Malaysia Development Berhad sovereign wealth fund, as well as the purchase of luxury properties in New York involving shell companies linked to Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak's step-son Riza Aziz and businessman Jho Low. ](/news/2015/09/22/the-united-states-justice-department-launches-an-investigation-of-money-laundering-associated-with-the-1malaysia-development-berhad-sovereig.md) _Context: Justice Department_
9. [The United States Justice Department files an antitrust lawsuit to prevent AT&T from taking over T-Mobile USA. ](/news/2011/08/31/the-united-states-justice-department-files-an-antitrust-lawsuit-to-prevent-at-t-from-taking-over-t-mobile-usa.md) _Context: Justice Department_
10. [Kenneth E. Melson is replaced as the acting head of the United States Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives as a result of a controversial gun trafficking operation called Operation Fast and Furious. ](/news/2011/08/30/kenneth-e-melson-is-replaced-as-the-acting-head-of-the-united-states-bureau-of-alcohol-tobacco-firearms-and-explosives-as-a-result-of-a-c.md) _Context: Operation Fast and Furious_
