### [2007-07-21](/news/2007/07/21/index.md)

#  The United Nations suspends a Moroccan peacekeeping contingent in the Cte d'Ivoire following allegations of widespread sexual abuse. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2007/WORLD/africa/07/21/un.ivory.coast.reut/index.html?eref=rss_world)

### Related:

1. [Mass graves are discovered in Cte d'Ivoire amid other political violence as United Nations peacekeepers come under increased tension in the country when allies of Alassane Ouattara call for a forceful removal of Laurent Gbagbo. ](/news/2011/01/1/mass-graves-are-discovered-in-cote-d-ivoire-amid-other-political-violence-as-united-nations-peacekeepers-come-under-increased-tension-in-the.md) _Context: Cte d'Ivoire, United Nations, peacekeepers_
2. [ Bangladeshi UN peacekeepers are attacked by Laurent Gbagbo's "Young Patriots" in Cte d'Ivoire. At least three people have been killed, and the UN has warned that the country is sliding towards war. ](/news/2006/01/18/bangladeshi-un-peacekeepers-are-attacked-by-laurent-gbagbo-s-young-patriots-in-cote-d-ivoire-at-least-three-people-have-been-killed-and.md) _Context: Cte d'Ivoire, United Nations, peacekeepers_
3. [U.S. diplomats, amid growing  international concern the violence could spiral into an ethnic conflict, push for peace talks in Burundi. The European Union advises non-essential staff to evacuate the Central African nation amid rising violence and an uptick in political rhetoric. The head of the opposition UPRONA group  urges the United Nations to send peacekeepers quickly. Yesterday, the UN Security Council  called on the Burundi Government to protect human rights and cooperate with regional African mediators to immediately convene "an inclusive and genuine inter-Burundian dialogue" to find a peaceful resolution of the crisis. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-diplomats-amid-growing-international-concern-the-violence-could-spiral-into-an-ethnic-conflict-push-for-peace-talks-in-burundi-the.md) _Context: United Nations, peacekeepers_
4. [United Nations and French forces open fire on the residence of the President of Cte d'Ivoire Laurent Gbagbo in response to recent attacks. ](/news/2011/04/10/united-nations-and-french-forces-open-fire-on-the-residence-of-the-president-of-cote-d-ivoire-laurent-gbagbo-in-response-to-recent-attacks.md) _Context: Cte d'Ivoire, United Nations_
5. [ Five peacekeepers are killed and another 17 missing following an ambush on a patrol by the joint United Nations/African Union peacekeeping mission in Darfur. ](/news/2008/07/9/five-peacekeepers-are-killed-and-another-17-missing-following-an-ambush-on-a-patrol-by-the-joint-united-nations-african-union-peacekeeping.md) _Context: United Nations, peacekeepers_
6. [ Sudan pledges support for UNAMID, a joint United Nations and African  Union peacekeeping force in Darfur. ](/news/2007/08/1/sudan-pledges-support-for-unamid-a-joint-united-nations-and-african-union-peacekeeping-force-in-darfur.md) _Context: United Nations, peacekeepers_
7. [ Morocco and the Polisario Front agree to United Nations sponsored talks about the future of Western Sahara. ](/news/2007/04/30/morocco-and-the-polisario-front-agree-to-united-nations-sponsored-talks-about-the-future-of-western-sahara.md) _Context: Morocco, United Nations_
8. [ Monitored by thousands of UN peacekeepers, the people of Haiti go to polling stations in the country's first election since the ousting of former president Jean-Bertrand Aristide in 2004. ](/news/2006/02/7/monitored-by-thousands-of-un-peacekeepers-the-people-of-haiti-go-to-polling-stations-in-the-country-s-first-election-since-the-ousting-of.md) _Context: United Nations, peacekeepers_
9. [ The head of the UN peacekeeping force in Haiti, General Urano Teixeira da Matta Bacellar, is found dead. UN officials believe his death to be suicide. ](/news/2006/01/7/the-head-of-the-un-peacekeeping-force-in-haiti-general-urano-teixeira-da-matta-bacellar-is-found-dead-un-officials-believe-his-death-to.md) _Context: United Nations, peacekeepers_
10. [ West African leaders call for the strengthening of United Nations peacekeeping force to ensure efforts to end the three year civil war in Cote d'Ivoire pay off. A total 6,640 peacekeepers are currently serving in the UN force, which is under Senegalese command, monitoring the buffer zone between the north and south with the help of 4,000 French troops. ](/news/2005/10/3/west-african-leaders-call-for-the-strengthening-of-united-nations-peacekeeping-force-to-ensure-efforts-to-end-the-three-year-civil-war-in-c.md) _Context: United Nations, peacekeepers_
