### [2016-11-22](/news/2016/11/22/index.md)

# Presidency of Donald Trump. Trump's aide Kellyanne Conway announces that the president-elect will not seek new charges against Hillary Clinton for possible crimes related to her email server. 




### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/22/us/politics/donald-trump-hillary-clinton-investigation.html)

### Related:

1. [Hillary Clinton email controversy. Federal Bureau of Investigation chief James Comey tells the United States Congress that he has found no evidence of criminality by Hillary Clinton in relation to a new batch of emails. ](/news/2016/11/6/hillary-clinton-email-controversy-federal-bureau-of-investigation-chief-james-comey-tells-the-united-states-congress-that-he-has-found-no-e.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
2. [Hillary Clinton email controversy. Loretta Lynch, the Attorney General of the United States, closes the investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a personal email system to conduct official business without charges being laid. ](/news/2016/07/6/hillary-clinton-email-controversy-loretta-lynch-the-attorney-general-of-the-united-states-closes-the-investigation-into-hillary-clinton-s.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
3. [Hillary Clinton email investigation. The FBI recommends, with numerous reservations about her actions, no charges be filed against Hillary Clinton over her emails. ](/news/2016/07/5/hillary-clinton-email-investigation-the-fbi-recommends-with-numerous-reservations-about-her-actions-no-charges-be-filed-against-hillary-c.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016. Hillary Clinton email controversy. During a press conference, Republican nominee Donald Trump calls on Russia to find Hillary Clinton's 30,000 missing emails. ](/news/2016/07/27/united-states-presidential-election-2016-hillary-clinton-email-controversy-during-a-press-conference-republican-nominee-donald-trump-cal.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
5. [In the United States, Hillary Clinton is criticized by the State Department-s inspector general for her usage of a private email server while she was secretary of state. The finding also concluded though that former secretary of state Colin Powell also had a private email server, as did former ambassador to Kenya Scott Gration. The inspector referred to the email server usage as "longstanding systemic weaknesses". ](/news/2016/05/25/in-the-united-states-hillary-clinton-is-criticized-by-the-state-department-s-inspector-general-for-her-usage-of-a-private-email-server-wh.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
6. [Hillary Clinton email controversy. The Government of the United States rules that 22 emails on Hillary Clinton's home server contained closely guarded information rated as "Top Secret". ](/news/2016/01/29/hillary-clinton-email-controversy-the-government-of-the-united-states-rules-that-22-emails-on-hillary-clinton-s-home-server-contained-close.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
7. [Presidency of Donald Trump. President Donald Trump has ended his planned Presidential Advisory Council on Infrastructure after only a month, coming a day after two other advisory councils, the Strategic and Policy Forum and the American Manufacturing Council, were scrapped. No reason was given. ](/news/2017/08/17/presidency-of-donald-trump-president-donald-trump-has-ended-his-planned-presidential-advisory-council-on-infrastructure-after-only-a-month.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
8. [Presidency of Donald Trump. The White House releases unredacted emails of people concerned about the Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity. Sensitive information revealed in the emails prompts immediate backlash and privacy concerns. ](/news/2017/07/14/presidency-of-donald-trump-the-white-house-releases-unredacted-emails-of-people-concerned-about-the-presidential-advisory-commission-on-ele.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
9. [Executive Order 13780, "Hawaii v. Trump". The Trump Administration asks the U.S. Supreme Court to stop implementation of yesterday's ruling by Hawaii District Judge Derrick Watson that expanded the State Department's definition of "close family" used to implement the Supreme Court's June order that permits admission to the U.S. of those with a bona fide relationship. ](/news/2017/07/14/executive-order-13780-hawaii-v-trump-the-trump-administration-asks-the-u-s-supreme-court-to-stop-implementation-of-yesterday-s-ruling.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
10. [United Kingdom-United States relations. The Trump Administration announces this year's presidential state visit to the United Kingdom is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting. ](/news/2017/07/11/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-is-d.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
