### [2016-11-22](/news/2016/11/22/index.md)

# Trump's aide Kellyanne Conway announces that the president-elect will not seek new charges against Hillary Clinton for possible crimes related to her email server. 




### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/11/22/us/politics/donald-trump-hillary-clinton-investigation.html)

### Related:

1. [Federal Bureau of Investigation chief James Comey tells the United States Congress that he has found no evidence of criminality by Hillary Clinton in relation to a new batch of emails. ](/news/2016/11/6/federal-bureau-of-investigation-chief-james-comey-tells-the-united-states-congress-that-he-has-found-no-evidence-of-criminality-by-hillary-c.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
2. [Loretta Lynch, the Attorney General of the United States, closes the investigation into Hillary Clinton's use of a personal email system to conduct official business without charges being laid. ](/news/2016/07/6/loretta-lynch-the-attorney-general-of-the-united-states-closes-the-investigation-into-hillary-clinton-s-use-of-a-personal-email-system-to.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
3. [The FBI recommends, with numerous reservations about her actions, no charges be filed against Hillary Clinton over her emails. ](/news/2016/07/5/the-fbi-recommends-with-numerous-reservations-about-her-actions-no-charges-be-filed-against-hillary-clinton-over-her-emails.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
4. [During a press conference, Republican nominee Donald Trump calls on Russia to find Hillary Clinton's 30,000 missing emails. ](/news/2016/07/27/during-a-press-conference-republican-nominee-donald-trump-calls-on-russia-to-find-hillary-clinton-s-30-000-missing-emails.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
5. [In the United States, Hillary Clinton is criticized by the State Department's inspector general for her usage of a private email server while she was secretary of state. The finding also concluded though that former secretary of state Colin Powell also had a private email server, as did former ambassador to Kenya Scott Gration. The inspector referred to the email server usage as "longstanding systemic weaknesses". ](/news/2016/05/25/in-the-united-states-hillary-clinton-is-criticized-by-the-state-departmentas-inspector-general-for-her-usage-of-a-private-email-server-wh.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
6. [The Government of the United States rules that 22 emails on Hillary Clinton's home server contained closely guarded information rated as "Top Secret". ](/news/2016/01/29/the-government-of-the-united-states-rules-that-22-emails-on-hillary-clinton-s-home-server-contained-closely-guarded-information-rated-as-to.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, email server_
7. [Six members of President Trump's  Advisory Council on HIV/AIDS  resign stating the administration doesn't have a strategy to address the epidemic, doesn't seek input from experts on HIV policy, supports legislation that would halt or reverse important gains made in the fight against this disease and would harm people living with HIV. ](/news/2017/06/18/six-members-of-president-trump-s-advisory-council-on-hiv-aids-resign-stating-the-administration-doesn-t-have-a-strategy-to-address-the-epi.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
8. [The U.S. Office of Government Ethics certifies President Donald Trump's financial report which discloses over $315.6 million in personal liabilities and exceeding $1.4 billion in assets as of mid-2017, for revenues of more than $594 million over 2016 and early 2017. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-u-s-office-of-government-ethics-certifies-president-donald-trump-s-financial-report-which-discloses-over-315-6-million-in-personal-lia.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
9. [Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution's emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-claiming-that-u-s-president-t.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
10. [The Maryland and the District of Columbia attorneys general plan to sue President Trump on Monday claiming he violated the emolument clauses in the Constitution by accepting foreign payouts for his hotelier empire. ](/news/2017/06/11/the-maryland-and-the-district-of-columbia-attorneys-general-plan-to-sue-president-trump-on-monday-claiming-he-violated-the-emolument-clauses.md) _Context: Presidency of Donald Trump_
