### [2007-09-17](/news/2007/09/17/index.md)

#  Greek conservative Prime Minister Costas Karamanlis early Monday declared victory in Sunday's general elections after early results gave his ruling New Democracy party a lead of over four percent over the opposition Pasok socialists. 




### Source:

1. [AFP](http://afp.google.com/article/ALeqM5gqDqygbdnzCrM_GDPozE5nBLbasg)

### Related:

1. [ Serious controversy in Greece over a flyer with propaganda against George Papandreou, just some days before the elections of Sunday, March 7, 2004. The opposition party New Democracy (ND) is accused by Anna Diamantopoulou (member of the currently ruling Panhellenic Socialist Movement&nbsp;- PASOK) that printed and mailed the controversial flyer to members of the Greek Eastern Christian Church's clergy. The flyer is describing George Papandreou as an Atheist who is against the Church and the national and religious symbols. ](/news/2004/03/3/serious-controversy-in-greece-over-a-flyer-with-propaganda-against-george-papandreou-just-some-days-before-the-elections-of-sunday-march.md) _Context: Greek, New Democracy, PASOK_
2. [Antonis Samaras, leader of the New Democracy party in Greece, continues to negotiate with political rivals to form a coalition government, as Greece struggles to overcome its economic crisis. ](/news/2012/06/19/antonis-samaras-leader-of-the-new-democracy-party-in-greece-continues-to-negotiate-with-political-rivals-to-form-a-coalition-government-a.md) _Context: Greek, New Democracy_
3. [In Greece, Evangelos Venizelos of the Pasok party makes a third effort to create a coalition government, amid increasing political and economic turmoil in the country. ](/news/2012/05/10/in-greece-evangelos-venizelos-of-the-pasok-party-makes-a-third-effort-to-create-a-coalition-government-amid-increasing-political-and-econo.md) _Context: Greek, PASOK_
4. [Greeks vote in local elections with the Prime Minister George Papandreou threatening to dissolve parliament if his party does not fare well. Early results show that the PASOK is doing well making an early election less likely. ](/news/2010/11/7/greeks-vote-in-local-elections-with-the-prime-minister-george-papandreou-threatening-to-dissolve-parliament-if-his-party-does-not-fare-well.md) _Context: Greek, PASOK_
5. [ Greek voters go to the polls for the Greek legislative election, 2007. The ruling New Democracy Party wins the election, with 98% of the votes counted, gaining 41.9% of the vote and 152 seats over 38.1% and 102 seats for the socialist PASOK party. The Communist Party wins 8.1% and 22 seats, over 5% and 14 seats for Radical Left Coalition and 3.7% and 10 seats for Popular Orthodox Rally (LAOS), a Far-Right party. ](/news/2007/09/16/greek-voters-go-to-the-polls-for-the-greek-legislative-election-2007-the-ruling-new-democracy-party-wins-the-election-with-98-of-the-vo.md) _Context: Greek, Sunday's general elections_
6. [ The mobile phones of high ranking Greek government officials, including Prime Minister Costas Karamanlis have been revealed to have been tapped by unknown eavesdroppers. ](/news/2006/02/2/the-mobile-phones-of-high-ranking-greek-government-officials-including-prime-minister-costas-karamanlis-have-been-revealed-to-have-been-ta.md) _Context: Costas Karamanlis, Greek_
7. [ Greek legislative election, 2004: New Democracy, led by Kostas Karamanlis, wins over the Panhellenic Socialist Movement, led by George Papandreou.](/news/2004/03/7/greek-legislative-election-2004-new-democracy-led-by-kostas-karamanlis-wins-over-the-panhellenic-socialist-movement-led-by-george-papa.md) _Context: New Democracy, PASOK_
8. [ Costas Simitis, the prime minister of Greece and president of the ruling PASOK, after informing the country's president Costis Stephanopoulos, announced his resignation. At the same time he announced national elections for March 7, 2004, when PASOK will have a new president, expected to be George Papandreou. PASOK will be challenged by the New Democracy opposition led by Kostas Karamanlis. See, (Greek) and, (English).](/news/2004/01/7/costas-simitis-the-prime-minister-of-greece-and-president-of-the-ruling-pasok-after-informing-the-country-s-president-costis-stephanopoul.md) _Context: New Democracy, PASOK_
9. [ Education in Greece: Debate over the private universities issue and George Papandreou, junior's suggestions (see 9 January) between New Democracy and PASOK. (Greek)](/news/2004/01/13/education-in-greece-debate-over-the-private-universities-issue-and-george-papandreou-junior-s-suggestions-see-9-january-between-new-dem.md) _Context: New Democracy, PASOK_
10. [Aftershocks cause panic in the Greek island of Kos after a deadly earthquake that injured hundreds. ](/news/2017/07/22/aftershocks-cause-panic-in-the-greek-island-of-kos-after-a-deadly-earthquake-that-injured-hundreds.md) _Context: Greek_
