### [2007-09-17](/news/2007/09/17/index.md)

#  Hillary Clinton, a candidate for the Democratic Party's nomination in the United States presidential election, 2008, announces a proposal for a universal healthcare plan. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idUSN1732929320070917?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)

### Related:

1. [ Hillary Clinton suspends her presidential campaign and endorses Barack Obama as the Democratic candidate for President of the United States in the 2008 election. ](/news/2008/06/7/hillary-clinton-suspends-her-presidential-campaign-and-endorses-barack-obama-as-the-democratic-candidate-for-president-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: 2008, Democrats, Hillary Clinton_
2. [ Hillary Clinton vows to remain as a candidate in the United States presidential election, 2008 despite financial problems which required her to lend her campaign $6.4 million dollars and dwindling chances of winning the Democratic Party nomination. ](/news/2008/05/7/hillary-clinton-vows-to-remain-as-a-candidate-in-the-united-states-presidential-election-2008-despite-financial-problems-which-required-he.md) _Context: 2008, Democrats, Hillary Clinton_
3. [ United States presidential election, 2008:  Illinois Senator Barack Obama wins the District of Columbia, Maryland  and Virginia Democratic primaries. Obama now leads Sen. Hillary Clinton in the delegate count for the first time since early in the campaign. ](/news/2008/02/12/united-states-presidential-election-2008-p-illinois-senator-barack-obama-wins-the-district-of-columbia-maryland-and-virginia-democratic.md) _Context: 2008, Democrats, Hillary Clinton_
4. [ United States presidential election, 2008:  Voters in New Hampshire go to the polls for the first primary election to determine presidential nominees for the Democratic and Republican parties. New York Senator Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic primary. Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Republican primary. ](/news/2008/01/8/united-states-presidential-election-2008-p-voters-in-new-hampshire-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-primary-election-to-determine-presidenti.md) _Context: 2008, Democrats, Hillary Clinton_
5. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Democratic Senators Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama hold the first two-person debate. ](/news/2008/01/31/united-states-presidential-election-2008-democratic-senators-hillary-clinton-and-barack-obama-hold-the-first-two-person-debate.md) _Context: 2008, Democrats, Hillary Clinton_
6. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Mitt Romney wins the Republican Michigan primary with John McCain finishing second. Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic contest but she was the only leading contender in that election. Democratic candidates brace for a competitive primary in Nevada while Republicans contend for the South Carolina primary. ](/news/2008/01/15/united-states-presidential-election-2008-mitt-romney-wins-the-republican-michigan-primary-with-john-mccain-finishing-second-hillary-clin.md) _Context: 2008, Democrats, Hillary Clinton_
7. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Presidential contender and U. S. Senator Hillary Clinton (D-NY) has called for a 90-day deadline to start withdrawing U.S. troops from Iraq. She states in a video on her website: "If George Bush doesn't end the war before he leaves office, when I'm president, I will." ](/news/2007/02/17/united-states-presidential-election-2008-presidential-contender-and-u-s-senator-hillary-clinton-d-ny-has-called-for-a-90-day-deadline.md) _Context: 2008, Democrats, Hillary Clinton_
8. [ U.S. election 2008:  Senator Hillary Clinton (D-NY) officially announces her  presidential bid with an exploratory committee. ](/news/2007/01/20/u-s-election-2008-senator-hillary-clinton-d-ny-officially-announces-her-presidential-bid-with-an-exploratory-committee.md) _Context: 2008, Democrats, Hillary Clinton_
9. [The former Democratic National Committee chair and ex-CNN contributor Donna Brazile admits that she had forwarded some debate questions to Hillary Clinton's campaign during last year's Democratic primary before two debates with Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-former-democratic-national-committee-chair-and-ex-cnn-contributor-donna-brazile-admits-that-she-had-forwarded-some-debate-questions-to-h.md) _Context: Democrats, Hillary Clinton_
10. [A declassified U.S. intelligence report claims that Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election against Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2017/01/6/a-declassified-u-s-intelligence-report-claims-that-vladimir-putin-ordered-a-campaign-to-influence-the-u-s-presidential-election-against-de.md) _Context: Democrats, Hillary Clinton_
