### [2007-09-17](/news/2007/09/17/index.md)

#  The Supreme Court of Pakistan hears petitions as to whether Pervez Musharraf should remain as head of the Pakistani Army while serving as the President of Pakistan. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/6998143.stm)

### Related:

1. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, Supreme Court, president_
2. [Pakistan's former leader Pervez Musharraf is directed to appear before the country's Supreme Court on allegations of treason. ](/news/2013/04/8/pakistan-s-former-leader-pervez-musharraf-is-directed-to-appear-before-the-country-s-supreme-court-on-allegations-of-treason.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, Supreme Court, president_
3. [ Pakistan reinstates Supreme Court judges ousted by former President Pervez Musharraf. ](/news/2008/09/5/pakistan-reinstates-supreme-court-judges-ousted-by-former-president-pervez-musharraf.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, Supreme Court, president_
4. [ Pervez Musharraf is sworn in as the President of Pakistan for a second term, this time as a civilian. [http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/11/29/2105577.htm (ABC News Australia)] President George W. Bush welcomes Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf, urges him to lift emergency rule.date=December 2007 Musharraf announces the 2007 Pakistani state of emergency will be lifted on 2007-12-16. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7119416.stm (BBC)] Restrictions on Pakistani TV channels are challenged in the Supreme Court of Pakistan.date=December 2007 ](/news/2007/11/29/pervez-musharraf-is-sworn-in-as-the-president-of-pakistan-for-a-second-term-this-time-as-a-civilian-http-www-abc-net-au-news-stories-2.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, Supreme Court, president_
5. [ Pakistani Attorney General Malik Qayyum announces the Supreme Court of Pakistan has dismissed five of the six petitions against President Pervez Musharraf's re-election. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7101302.stm (BBC)] At least 80 people die and 100 are wounded in sectarian violence in Kurram Agency. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7101533.stm (BBC)] Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf rejects United States Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte's demand to lift the state of emergency.date=December 2007](/news/2007/11/19/pakistani-attorney-general-malik-qayyum-announces-the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-has-dismissed-five-of-the-six-petitions-against-president-p.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, Supreme Court, president_
6. [ The Supreme Court of Pakistan frees Javed Hashmi, the leader of the Alliance for the Restoration of Democracy and Pakistan Muslim League faction leader, who was jailed in 2003 for writing a letter critical of the President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf. ](/news/2007/08/3/the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-frees-javed-hashmi-the-leader-of-the-alliance-for-the-restoration-of-democracy-and-pakistan-muslim-league-fa.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, Supreme Court, president_
7. [Two police officials found guilty of negligence and mistreatment of evidence are sentenced to 17 years in prison. Five accused TTP militants are acquitted. The main suspect, former president Pervez Musharraf, who now resides in Dubai, is declared a fugitive for having failed to show up in court and has his property confiscated. ](/news/2017/08/31/two-police-officials-found-guilty-of-negligence-and-mistreatment-of-evidence-are-sentenced-to-17-years-in-prison-five-accused-ttp-militants.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, president_
8. [ The travel ban for former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf is lifted by the Supreme Court of Pakistan. Musharraf is currently facing treason charges in Pakistan. ](/news/2016/03/16/the-travel-ban-for-former-pakistani-president-pervez-musharraf-is-lifted-by-the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-musharraf-is-currently-facing-tr.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, Supreme Court_
9. [Former President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf survives an assassination attempt in Islamabad, Pakistan. There are no reports of injuries. ](/news/2014/04/3/former-president-of-pakistan-pervez-musharraf-survives-an-assassination-attempt-in-islamabad-pakistan-there-are-no-reports-of-injuries.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, president_
10. [A Pakistani court charges former President Pervez Musharraf with high treason in relation to the imposition of the emergency rule in 2007. ](/news/2014/03/31/a-pakistani-court-charges-former-president-pervez-musharraf-with-high-treason-in-relation-to-the-imposition-of-the-emergency-rule-in-2007.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, president_
