### [2002-11-13](/news/2002/11/13/index.md)

#  A new HIV vaccine developed by researchers at the U.S. National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases begins clinical trials on humans.




### Related:

1. [One person is brain dead and five people are critically ill in Rennes, France, from a clinical trial of an experimental drug made by Portuguese drug company Bial. The six men, aged 28 to 49, had been in good health prior to the start of this test. All trials on the drug are suspended. ](/news/2016/01/15/one-person-is-brain-dead-and-five-people-are-critically-ill-in-rennes-france-from-a-clinical-trial-of-an-experimental-drug-made-by-portugu.md) _Context: clinical trial_
2. [According to industry sources, the Indian health ministry is considering Sanofi Pasteur's dengue fever vaccine for large-scale clinical trial exemption which would accelerate approval for marketing. India reported a record number of dengue fever cases this year. ](/news/2015/12/22/according-to-industry-sources-the-indian-health-ministry-is-considering-sanofi-pasteur-s-dengue-fever-vaccine-for-large-scale-clinical-tria.md) _Context: clinical trial_
3. [ Scientists at the U.S. NIH's National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases report a major breakthrough toward finding a new universal flu vaccine by using non-infectious H-proteins instead of whole viruses.](/news/2015/07/22/scientists-at-the-u-s-nih-s-national-institute-of-allergy-and-infectious-diseases-report-a-major-breakthrough-toward-finding-a-new-univers.md) _Context: National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases_
4. [Alzheimer's drug Gammagard fails to produce results in a large-scale clinical trial. ](/news/2013/05/7/alzheimer-s-drug-gammagard-fails-to-produce-results-in-a-large-scale-clinical-trial.md) _Context: clinical trial_
5. [Pediatric clinical trials of Amgen's Sensipar, used to treat various hyperparathyroidism problems which result in abnormal levels of serum calcium, are halted in the United States after a 14-year-old patient dies. ](/news/2013/02/26/pediatric-clinical-trials-of-amgen-s-sensipar-used-to-treat-various-hyperparathyroidism-problems-which-result-in-abnormal-levels-of-serum-c.md) _Context: clinical trial_
6. [According to a parliamentary answer by the ministry of health, the value of a life lost during a clinical trial is 2.2 lakh rupees ($ 4,000) in India in 2011. This number is the average compensation paid for deaths during clinical trials. No rules governing compensations for clinical trial-related injury or death have been approved by the Parliament of India yet. ](/news/2012/09/10/according-to-a-parliamentary-answer-by-the-ministry-of-health-the-value-of-a-life-lost-during-a-clinical-trial-is-2-2-lakh-rupees-4-000.md) _Context: clinical trial_
7. [ Based on initial clinical trials, the drug abiraterone is hailed as a potentially historic advance in the treatment of prostate cancer. ](/news/2008/07/22/based-on-initial-clinical-trials-the-drug-abiraterone-is-hailed-as-a-potentially-historic-advance-in-the-treatment-of-prostate-cancer.md) _Context: clinical trial_
8. [ Clinical trials for MVA85A, a new vaccine against tuberculosis, are started in South Africa. ](/news/2007/07/27/clinical-trials-for-mva85a-a-new-vaccine-against-tuberculosis-are-started-in-south-africa.md) _Context: clinical trial_
9. [ In London, six men taking part in a clinical trial for a new monoclonal antibody anti-inflammatory drug, TGN1412, are placed in intensive care, some in a life-threatening condition, after suffering adverse side-effects. ](/news/2006/03/14/in-london-six-men-taking-part-in-a-clinical-trial-for-a-new-monoclonal-antibody-anti-inflammatory-drug-tgn1412-are-placed-in-intensive-c.md) _Context: clinical trial_
