### [2007-05-16](/news/2007/05/16/index.md)

#  Nicolas Sarkozy succeeds Jacques Chirac as President of the French Republic after prevailing over Sgolne Royal in the 2007 French presidential election. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://us.cnn.com/2007/WORLD/europe/05/16/france.sarkozy/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ Voters in France go to the polls for the second round of the French presidential election with socialist Sgolne Royal and conservative Nicolas Sarkozy as the two contenders. Exit polls indicate that Nicolas Sarkozy has won the runoff poll in the election with 53% of the vote, beating Sgolne Royal who has 47% of the vote. She later concedes defeat. ](/news/2007/05/6/voters-in-france-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-the-french-presidential-election-with-socialist-segolene-royal-and-conservative-ni.md) _Context: 2007 presidential election, Nicolas Sarkozy, Sgolne Royal_
2. [ French presidential election, 2007: Candidates Nicolas Sarkozy and Sgolne Royal participate in a televised debate. ](/news/2007/05/2/french-presidential-election-2007-candidates-nicolas-sarkozy-and-segolene-royal-participate-in-a-televised-debate.md) _Context: 2007 presidential election, Nicolas Sarkozy, Sgolne Royal_
3. [The President of France Francois Hollande warns that France "will not tolerate" acts that threaten its security following claims by Wikileaks that the United States spied on him and his two predecessors Nicolas Sarkozy and Jacques Chirac between 2006 and 2012. ](/news/2015/06/24/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-warns-that-france-will-not-tolerate-acts-that-threaten-its-security-following-claims-by-wikilea.md) _Context: Jacques Chirac, Nicolas Sarkozy_
4. [Several sources claim that a French spy killed Muammar Gaddafi in 2011; the motive to try to conceal Ghadaffi's financial support of Nicolas Sarkozy's 2007 presidential election campaign. A French source dismisses the story as "nonsense". ](/news/2012/10/2/several-sources-claim-that-a-french-spy-killed-muammar-gaddafi-in-2011-the-motive-to-try-to-conceal-ghadaffi-s-financial-support-of-nicolas.md) _Context: 2007 presidential election, Nicolas Sarkozy_
5. [ Former French Prime Minister Dominique de Villepin is charged with "complicity in slanderous denunciations" and "complicity in using forgeries" for allegedly trying to discredit current President Nicolas Sarkozy. ](/news/2007/07/27/former-french-prime-minister-dominique-de-villepin-is-charged-with-complicity-in-slanderous-denunciations-and-complicity-in-using-forger.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President_
6. [ "Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:": Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions.: Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister.: Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.: Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy.: Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government.: Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-parl.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President_
7. [ France holds a parliamentary election; early projections indicate that President Nicolas Sarkozy's center-right UMP party will secure a comfortable victory. ](/news/2007/06/10/france-holds-a-parliamentary-election-early-projections-indicate-that-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-center-right-ump-party-will-secure-a-com.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President_
8. [ According to exit polls, Nicolas Sarkozy and Segolene Royal will meet in the second round of the French presidential election on May 6. Francois Bayrou and Jean-Marie Le Pen are believed to have received the third and fourth most votes respectively. ](/news/2007/04/22/according-to-exit-polls-nicolas-sarkozy-and-sa-c-gola-ne-royal-will-meet-in-the-second-round-of-the-french-presidential-election-on-may-6-f.md) _Context: 2007 presidential election, Nicolas Sarkozy_
9. [ French presidential election: Nicolas Sarkozy resigns as Interior Minister to concentrate on his presidential candidacy. ](/news/2007/03/26/french-presidential-election-nicolas-sarkozy-resigns-as-interior-minister-to-concentrate-on-his-presidential-candidacy.md) _Context: 2007 presidential election, Nicolas Sarkozy_
10. [ The Union for a Popular Movement nominates Nicolas Sarkozy as its candidate to become the next President of France in the 2007 French presidential election. ](/news/2007/01/14/the-union-for-a-popular-movement-nominates-nicolas-sarkozy-as-its-candidate-to-become-the-next-president-of-france-in-the-2007-french-presi.md) _Context: 2007 presidential election, Nicolas Sarkozy_
