### [2007-05-16](/news/2007/05/16/index.md)

#  The United Kingdom's Ministry of Defence announces that HRH Prince Harry of the British Royal Family will not be deployed to Iraq as originally planned, due to the security risks to both himself and his regiment the Blues and Royals. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/6663053.stm)

### Related:

1. [ The British Ministry of Defence announces that Prince Harry will have to return home from his deployment in Afghanistan as recent publicity made it too dangerous for him to stay there. ](/news/2008/02/29/the-british-ministry-of-defence-announces-that-prince-harry-will-have-to-return-home-from-his-deployment-in-afghanistan-as-recent-publicity.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence, Prince Harry, United Kingdom_
2. [ In the United Kingdom, the ''News of the World'' newspaper's royal editor Clive Goodman pleads guilty to conspiring to intercept the voicemail messages of Princes William and Harry. ](/news/2006/11/29/in-the-united-kingdom-the-news-of-the-world-newspaper-s-royal-editor-clive-goodman-pleads-guilty-to-conspiring-to-intercept-the-voicem.md) _Context: British Royal Family, Prince Harry, United Kingdom_
3. [The United Kingdom's Royal Air Force bombs Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant-controlled oil wells in eastern Syria. At least four Tornado GR4 fighter jets, operating out of RAF Akrotiri in Cyprus, were involved in raids. The Ministry of Defence said initial analysis "indicates that the strikes were successful". ](/news/2015/12/3/the-united-kingdom-s-royal-air-force-bombs-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-controlled-oil-wells-in-eastern-syria-at-least-four-tornado.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence, United Kingdom_
4. [More than a dozen alleged ISIS-linked, terrorist members of Rawti Shax, a European offshoot of the Iraqi Kurdish jihadist network Ansar al-Islam,  are arrested in a coordinated, multi-nation sweep by police across Europe. The operation  dismantled an integrated cell in Italy, the United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, and Germany.  The group is accused of radicalizing fighters, planning attacks  targeting Norwegian and British diplomats in the Middle East, and planning to establish a caliphate in Iraq's Kurdistan region. ](/news/2015/11/12/more-than-a-dozen-alleged-isis-linked-terrorist-members-of-rawti-shax-a-european-offshoot-of-the-iraqi-kurdish-jihadist-network-ansar-al-i.md) _Context: Iraq, United Kingdom_
5. [The United Kingdom raises its terror threat level from "substantial" to "severe" in response to conflicts in Iraq and Syria. ](/news/2014/08/29/the-united-kingdom-raises-its-terror-threat-level-from-substantial-to-severe-in-response-to-conflicts-in-iraq-and-syria.md) _Context: Iraq, United Kingdom_
6. [Post-Iraq War:The International Criminal Court will conduct a preliminary examination in the claims that United Kingdom forces abused Iraqi detainees between 2003 and 2008. ](/news/2014/05/13/post-iraq-war-pthe-international-criminal-court-will-conduct-a-preliminary-examination-in-the-claims-that-united-kingdom-forces-abused-iraqi.md) _Context: Iraq, United Kingdom_
7. [British businessman James McCormick, who sold ADE 651 fake bomb detector to Iraq and other countries, is jailed for ten years at the Old Bailey. ](/news/2013/05/2/british-businessman-james-mccormick-who-sold-ade-651-fake-bomb-detector-to-iraq-and-other-countries-is-jailed-for-ten-years-at-the-old-bai.md) _Context: Iraq, United Kingdom_
8. [British businessman James McCormick is convicted at the Old Bailey on three counts of fraud after selling fake bomb detectors based on a device for finding golf balls to countries including Iraq and Georgia. ](/news/2013/04/23/british-businessman-james-mccormick-is-convicted-at-the-old-bailey-on-three-counts-of-fraud-after-selling-fake-bomb-detectors-based-on-a-dev.md) _Context: Iraq, United Kingdom_
9. [The United Kingdom announces its intention to close its consulate in Basra, Iraq. ](/news/2012/10/16/the-united-kingdom-announces-its-intention-to-close-its-consulate-in-basra-iraq.md) _Context: Iraq, United Kingdom_
10. [A toddler is found alive, hours after a shooting leaves four dead and another child heavily injured in a wood in Chevaline, Haute-Savoie near Lake Annecy, France. A car with a British licence plate is involved. British tourists, the male Iraqi-passport-holding driver and two women in the car, and a local inhabitant on a cycle, who was on paternity leave, are among the deaths. ](/news/2012/09/6/a-toddler-is-found-alive-hours-after-a-shooting-leaves-four-dead-and-another-child-heavily-injured-in-a-wood-in-chevaline-haute-savoie-nea.md) _Context: Iraq, United Kingdom_
