### [2004-03-23](/news/2004/03/23/index.md)

#  United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld and Secretary of State Colin Powell defend their pre-September 11 actions, saying that even if Osama bin Laden had been killed, the attacks on the World Trade Center and The Pentagon would have still occurred. Former Secretary of State Madeleine Albright and former Secretary of Defense William Cohen also testify before the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States. 




### Source:

1. [AP via SFGate](http://www.sfgate.com/cgi-bin/article.cgi?file=/news/archive/2004/03/23/national1939EST0782.DTL)

### Related:

1. [ Spanish Prime Minister Jose Maria Aznar personally asks United States President George W. Bush to silence Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld, indicating that Rumsfeld's numerous public remarks on European countries' Iraq policies are generally viewed as inflammatory and overwhelmingly counterproductive within the European diplomatic community. Aznar indicated a preference for Secretary of State Colin Powell.](/news/2003/02/27/spanish-prime-minister-josa-c-maraa-aznar-personally-asks-united-states-president-george-w-bush-to-silence-secretary-of-defense-donald-rum.md) _Context: Colin Powell, Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, United States Secretary of State_
2. [ Liberal Democrat MEP for London, Sarah Ludford, who is leading a European Parliament investigation into the U.S. policy of "extraordinary rendition", says she may invite Vice President of the United States Dick Cheney, United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld or United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to testify. ](/news/2006/01/26/liberal-democrat-mep-for-london-sarah-ludford-who-is-leading-a-european-parliament-investigation-into-the-u-s-policy-of-extraordinary-r.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, United States Secretary of State_
3. [ United States Secretary of State Colin Powell says that he saw no direct connection between Saddam Hussein's former regime in Iraq and the September 11, 2001, attacks. During an interview on NBC's "Meet the Press," Powell also said he believes that if John Kerry were president at the time of a terrorist attack he would respond in a "robust" way. ](/news/2004/09/13/united-states-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-says-that-he-saw-no-direct-connection-between-saddam-hussein-s-former-regime-in-iraq-and-the.md) _Context: Colin Powell, September 11, 2001 attacks, United States Secretary of State_
4. [ The Pentagon confirms a report in "The New York Times" that CIA chief George Tenet&nbsp;- who steps down from the post next month&nbsp;- was allowed by U.S. Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld to have an Iraqi prisoner secretly detained in alleged violation of the Geneva Convention. ](/news/2004/06/17/the-pentagon-confirms-a-report-in-the-new-york-times-that-cia-chief-george-tenet-nbsp-a-who-steps-down-from-the-post-next-month-nbsp-a.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, United States military_
5. [ United States Army secretary Thomas E. White resigns amidst tensions with Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld over the direction future Army weapons development programs should take, and controversy surrounding White's previous employer, Enron. The Pentagon declines to provide specifics on the circumstances of his resignation.](/news/2003/04/25/united-states-army-secretary-thomas-e-white-resigns-amidst-tensions-with-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-over-the-direction-future-ar.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, United States military_
6. [In the United States, Hillary Clinton is criticized by the State Department's inspector general for her usage of a private email server while she was secretary of state. The finding also concluded though that former secretary of state Colin Powell also had a private email server, as did former ambassador to Kenya Scott Gration. The inspector referred to the email server usage as "longstanding systemic weaknesses". ](/news/2016/05/25/in-the-united-states-hillary-clinton-is-criticized-by-the-state-departmentas-inspector-general-for-her-usage-of-a-private-email-server-wh.md) _Context: Colin Powell, United States Secretary of State_
7. [ Former United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld is accused of quoting the Bible while briefing then-President George W. Bush. ](/news/2009/05/18/former-united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-is-accused-of-quoting-the-bible-while-briefing-then-president-george-w-bush.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld_
8. [ Retired General and former Secretary of State Colin Powell endorses Barack Obama for President of the United States. ](/news/2008/10/19/retired-general-and-former-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-endorses-barack-obama-for-president-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: Colin Powell, United States Secretary of State_
9. [ Salim Hamdan, the former driver for Osama Bin Laden, is convicted of supporting terrorism in the United States in the first military war crimes trial of a terror suspect captured after the September 11, 2001 attacks. ](/news/2008/08/6/salim-hamdan-the-former-driver-for-osama-bin-laden-is-convicted-of-supporting-terrorism-in-the-united-states-in-the-first-military-war-cr.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, September 11, 2001 attacks_
10. [ An Islamist website claims it will soon carry a new video of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden to mark the sixth anniversary of the September 11, 2001 attacks on U.S. cities. ](/news/2007/09/6/an-islamist-website-claims-it-will-soon-carry-a-new-video-of-al-qaeda-leader-osama-bin-laden-to-mark-the-sixth-anniversary-of-the-september.md) _Context: Osama bin Laden, September 11, 2001 attacks_
