### [2015-10-18](/news/2015/10/18/index.md)

# 2015 Pacific typhoon season: Typhoon Koppu (Lando) makes landfall in northern Luzon in the Philippines with forecasters warning it could stay in the area for several days. Thousands of people have been evacuated or are stranded. 

Powerful Typhoon Koppu hit the northern Philippines early Sunday, the country&#x27;s weather agency said, battering the coast with powerful winds that forecasters warned could last up to three days. The eye of Koppu struck the remote coastal town of Casiguran, 215 kilometres (130 miles) northeast of


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo](http://news.yahoo.com/typhoon-koppu-makes-landfall-philippines-weather-agency-224614277.html)
2. [AP via NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/weather/super-typhoon-koppu-weakens-still-threatens-philippines-n446666)
3. [The Inquirer](http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/732220/thousands-evacuated-stranded-in-ports-no-casualties-reported-ndrrmc)
4. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2015/10/18/At-least-1-dead-6-missing-in-Philippines-typhoon/3721445171449/?spt=sec&or=tn)

### Related:

1. [2015 Pacific typhoon season: Rising floodwaters are causing problems in the northern Philippines as Typhoon Koppu (Lando in the Philippines) is set to linger over the island of Luzon until Wednesday. Eleven people have died so far. ](/news/2015/10/19/2015-pacific-typhoon-season-rising-floodwaters-are-causing-problems-in-the-northern-philippines-as-typhoon-koppu-lando-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: 2015 Pacific typhoon season, Luzon, Philippines, Typhoon Koppu (Lando)_
2. [2015 Pacific typhoon season: The death toll for Typhoon Koppu (Lando) in the Philippines rises to 54 with more than 1.2 million affected. ](/news/2015/10/22/2015-pacific-typhoon-season-the-death-toll-for-typhoon-koppu-lando-in-the-philippines-rises-to-54-with-more-than-1-2-million-affected.md) _Context: 2015 Pacific typhoon season, Philippines, Typhoon Koppu (Lando)_
3. [2015 Pacific typhoon season: The death toll from Tropical Storm Koppu that battered the Philippines' main island this weekend climbed to at least 39. Koppu forced more than 100,000 villagers into emergency shelters and destroyed rice fields ready for harvest. ](/news/2015/10/21/2015-pacific-typhoon-season-the-death-toll-from-tropical-storm-koppu-that-battered-the-philippines-main-island-this-weekend-climbed-to-at.md) _Context: 2015 Pacific typhoon season, Philippines, Typhoon Koppu (Lando)_
4. [2015 Pacific typhoon season: Typhoon Koppu (Lando) heads towards the Philippines island of Luzon where it is expected to make landfall as a Category 4 storm, linger and deposit up to 50 inches of rain in some areas. ](/news/2015/10/17/2015-pacific-typhoon-season-typhoon-koppu-lando-heads-towards-the-philippines-island-of-luzon-where-it-is-expected-to-make-landfall-as-a.md) _Context: 2015 Pacific typhoon season, Luzon, Philippines_
5. [2015 Pacific typhoon season: Koppu strengthens to a typhoon ahead of threatening lives and properties in the Philippines island of Luzon over the weekend. ](/news/2015/10/16/2015-pacific-typhoon-season-koppu-strengthens-to-a-typhoon-ahead-of-threatening-lives-and-properties-in-the-philippines-island-of-luzon-ove.md) _Context: 2015 Pacific typhoon season, Luzon, Philippines_
6. [2015 Pacific typhoon season: Thousands of people are evacuated from the Philippines island of Luzon ahead of Typhoon Noul (Dodong). ](/news/2015/05/9/2015-pacific-typhoon-season-thousands-of-people-are-evacuated-from-the-philippines-island-of-luzon-ahead-of-typhoon-noul-dodong.md) _Context: 2015 Pacific typhoon season, Luzon, Philippines_
7. [2016 Pacific typhoon season: The Philippine government places more than two dozen provinces on alert before Typhoon Haima makes landfall over Luzon. Haima, downgraded by the Global Disaster Alert and Coordination System to a Category 4 storm, landfalls Cagayan province in the island's northeast. Weather forecasters expect the storm to impact up to 2.7 million people before veering northwest toward the Chinese coast on October 21. ](/news/2016/10/19/2016-pacific-typhoon-season-the-philippine-government-places-more-than-two-dozen-provinces-on-alert-before-typhoon-haima-makes-landfall-ove.md) _Context: Luzon, Philippines_
8. [2016 Pacific typhoon season: Typhoon Sarika (Karen) arrives at Luzon, Philippines, with the storm's future direction predicted to be toward Vietnam. ](/news/2016/10/15/2016-pacific-typhoon-season-typhoon-sarika-karen-arrives-at-luzon-philippines-with-the-storm-s-future-direction-predicted-to-be-toward.md) _Context: Luzon, Philippines_
9. [North Korea-Philippines relations: The Philippines impounds a North Korean cargo ship in line with new UN sanctions on North Korea in response to Pyongyang's recent nuclear test and missile launch. Presidential spokesman, Manolo Quezon, said the 6,830-tonne cargo ship would not be allowed to leave the Port of Subic, Luzon, where it has been docked for three days, and that its crew would be deported. ](/news/2016/03/5/north-korea-philippines-relations-the-philippines-impounds-a-north-korean-cargo-ship-in-line-with-new-un-sanctions-on-north-korea-in-resp.md) _Context: Luzon, Philippines_
10. [2015 Pacific typhoon season: Typhoon Melor (Nona) causes widespread flooding and blackouts in the Philippines. More than 700,000 people had been evacuated ahead of the storm which hit late on Monday night. ](/news/2015/12/15/2015-pacific-typhoon-season-typhoon-melor-nona-causes-widespread-flooding-and-blackouts-in-the-philippines-more-than-700-000-people-had.md) _Context: 2015 Pacific typhoon season, Philippines_
