### [2015-10-18](/news/2015/10/18/index.md)

# The Israeli military evacuated dozens of Jewish worshippers who were surrounded by Palestinians after entering Joseph's Tomb compound in Nablus, which was recently torched by Palestinians. The area is under full Palestinian control but Jewish prayer is permitted there when coordinated with authorities. The military said Sunday's visit was not, and the worshippers had no permit. 

A group of ultra-Orthodox Jews attempting to illegally visit a holy site in the West Bank set ablaze last week were assaulted by Palestinians while five were also arrested, authorities said today.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/ecc2c753a5524e809201c3c43d7fbc65/dozens-jews-illegally-enter-torched-west-bank-shrine)
2. [NBC](http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/middle-east-unrest/push-ease-palestinian-israeli-tensions-secretary-kerry-meet-netanyahu-abbas-n446711)
3. [New Delhi Television](http://www.ndtv.com/world-news/jews-assaulted-in-illegal-visit-to-west-bank-holy-site-israel-1233546)
3. [Cover Image](http://i.ndtvimg.com/i/2015-10/jews-assaulted_650x400_81445156985.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Two assailants are shot dead by Israeli police after knife-wielding Palestinians attacked Israelis in Jerusalem and in the West Bank. Another four people, including a Palestinian assailant, are injured in incidents at an Israeli checkpoint outside the West Bank city of Nablus and at a tram station in East Jerusalem. ](/news/2015/10/30/two-assailants-are-shot-dead-by-israeli-police-after-knife-wielding-palestinians-attacked-israelis-in-jerusalem-and-in-the-west-bank-anothe.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015), Nablus, Palestinians_
2. [Violence continues while talks persist looking for a peaceful resolution. A 16-year old Palestinian is shot dead after he tried to stab an Israeli security guard at a West Bank border crossing. A 25-year old Palestinian protester died of wounds suffered last week when he was shot by Israeli troops during a border clash near the Gazan town of Khan Yunis. ](/news/2015/10/24/violence-continues-while-talks-persist-looking-for-a-peaceful-resolution-a-16-year-old-palestinian-is-shot-dead-after-he-tried-to-stab-an-i.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015), Palestinians_
3. [A group of 15 Israeli Jewish worshipers entered the Palestinian city of Nablus to pray in the Jewish holy site Joseph's Tomb, without coordinating their visit with the IDF as required by law. After finishing praying, as the Jewish worshipers were leaving Nablus, their cars came under fire from a Palestinian Authority police jeep. Five Israelis were injured in the attack and the nephew of Israeli Culture and Sport Minister Limor Livnat was killed.](/news/2011/04/24/a-group-of-15-israeli-jewish-worshipers-entered-the-palestinian-city-of-nablus-to-pray-in-the-jewish-holy-site-joseph-s-tomb-without-coordi.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Joseph's Tomb, Nablus_
4. [ Six Palestinians, including Nayef Abu Sharkh, head of the Nablus old city part of the Al Aqsa Brigades, and Jaafar Masri, the leader of Hamas' military wing in Nablus, are killed during an Israeli operation, according to Palestinian sources. ](/news/2004/06/26/six-palestinians-including-nayef-abu-sharkh-head-of-the-nablus-old-city-part-of-the-al-aqsa-brigades-and-jaafar-masri-the-leader-of-ham.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Nablus, Palestinians_
5. [Following last month's manslaughter conviction, Israeli soldier Elor Azaria is sentenced to 18 months in prison by a military court for, during a violent incident, his deadly shooting of the wounded, unarmed, prone Palestinian Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, who had stabbed a soldier last March in Hebron. ](/news/2017/02/21/following-last-month-s-manslaughter-conviction-israeli-soldier-elor-azaria-is-sentenced-to-18-months-in-prison-by-a-military-court-for-dur.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
6. [A 15-year-old Palestinian teen is shot and killed by Israel Defense Forces while traveling in his family's car through an area where stones had been thrown that injured two tourists and an Israeli. The IDF says an official investigation has been opened. Preliminary results indicate Mahmoud Rafat Baderan, the teen who was shot, was not involved in any stone throwing on the highway. ](/news/2016/06/21/a-15-year-old-palestinian-teen-is-shot-and-killed-by-israel-defense-forces-while-traveling-in-his-family-s-car-through-an-area-where-stones.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
7. [Two Palestinian teenagers, from the nearby village of Qaryout, got into a Jewish settlement and stabbed an Israeli settler at his home in the Eli settlement near Nablus in the occupied West Bank. They were stopped and killed by the army. The injured settler was taken to a hospital. ](/news/2016/03/2/two-palestinian-teenagers-from-the-nearby-village-of-qaryout-got-into-a-jewish-settlement-and-stabbed-an-israeli-settler-at-his-home-in-th.md) _Context: Nablus, Palestinians_
8. [Faulty readings from a GPS system apparently resulted in two Israeli soldiers driving into the Qalandiya refugee camp in the occupied West Bank. Israeli forces sent in on a rescue mission, engaged armed Palestinians. One 22-year-old Palestinian man was killed with 10 others wounded, one seriously, in the ensuing gun battle. At least 10 Israeli soldiers were wounded. ](/news/2016/03/1/faulty-readings-from-a-gps-system-apparently-resulted-in-two-israeli-soldiers-driving-into-the-qalandiya-refugee-camp-in-the-occupied-west-b.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
9. [Three Palestinians are killed by Israeli forces, two in Hebron, one of whom reportedly tried to ram his car into soldiers and the other during a violent demonstration in the West Bank city. A third Palestinian died in clashes with Israeli troops at the border fence between the Gaza Strip and Israel. ](/news/2015/12/11/three-palestinians-are-killed-by-israeli-forces-two-in-hebron-one-of-whom-reportedly-tried-to-ram-his-car-into-soldiers-and-the-other-duri.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Palestinians_
10. [Israeli forces shoot and kill a 72-year-old woman in Halhul, a town near Hebron. The soldiers say she attempted to wound them with her car. Her son denies this, saying his mother was on her way to lunch with her sister. Later, three Israelis are shot and wounded, one seriously, in two incidents in Hebron. ](/news/2015/11/6/israeli-forces-shoot-and-kill-a-72-year-old-woman-in-halhul-a-town-near-hebron-the-soldiers-say-she-attempted-to-wound-them-with-her-car.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
