### [2015-10-18](/news/2015/10/18/index.md)

# Turkish police conduct pre-dawn raids on 17 locations in Istanbul and detain some 50 people suspected of being linked to the Islamic State group, according to Turkey's state-run news agency. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/d7792f3487f84da9a7770060d7c8cc77/turkey-detains-some-50-syria-and-iraq-bound-suspects)

### Related:

1. [A car bomb, targeting an armored vehicle transporting police personnel, explodes close to a bus terminal in the Baglar district of Diyarbakir, Turkey, killing at least seven police officers and wounding 27 more people, including 13 officers, according to a joint statement by Turkish officials and the police. The attack comes one day before Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu's scheduled visit to the city. There has been no claim of responsibility. CNN points out both Kurdish rebels and ISIL militants have claimed similar recent incidents. ](/news/2016/03/31/a-car-bomb-targeting-an-armored-vehicle-transporting-police-personnel-explodes-close-to-a-bus-terminal-in-the-baalar-district-of-diyarbak.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey, Turkey-ISIL conflict, Turkish police_
2. [A suicide bomber kills three police officers and wounds at least nine people in the southern Turkish city of Gaziantep during a police raid on a suspected ISIL safehouse. ](/news/2016/10/16/a-suicide-bomber-kills-three-police-officers-and-wounds-at-least-nine-people-in-the-southern-turkish-city-of-gaziantep-during-a-police-raid.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey, Turkey-ISIL conflict_
3. [Seven police officers and four civilians are killed, and 36 people are wounded, three critically, by a car bomb explosion near the main tourism district in Istanbul, Turkey. The explosives, detonated by remote control, wrecked a passing police bus, reports CNN Turk. There is no immediate claim of responsibility. ](/news/2016/06/7/seven-police-officers-and-four-civilians-are-killed-and-36-people-are-wounded-three-critically-by-a-car-bomb-explosion-near-the-main-tour.md) _Context: Istanbul, Turkey, Turkish police_
4. [Suspected ISIL militants attack Turkey's Istanbul Ataturk Airport. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says 36 people were killed, as were the three suicide bombers. Justice Minister Bekir Bozdag says 147 were wounded. ](/news/2016/06/28/suspected-isil-militants-attack-turkey-s-istanbul-atata1-4rk-airport-turkish-prime-minister-binali-ya-lda-ra-m-says-36-people-were-killed-as.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey, Turkey-ISIL conflict_
5. [Turkish authorities name a Turkish man with alleged ties to the Islamic State responsible for this weekend's suicide bombing in Istanbul. ](/news/2016/03/20/turkish-authorities-name-a-turkish-man-with-alleged-ties-to-the-islamic-state-responsible-for-this-weekend-s-suicide-bombing-in-istanbul.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Istanbul, Turkey_
6. [Four Islamic State militants and two Turkish policemen are killed during a raid on a house used by militants in the city of Diyarbakir in southeastern Turkey, according to the state-run Anadolu Agency. Four other police officers were injured. ](/news/2015/10/26/four-islamic-state-militants-and-two-turkish-policemen-are-killed-during-a-raid-on-a-house-used-by-militants-in-the-city-of-diyarbakir-in-so.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey-ISIL conflict, Turkish police_
7. [The General Directorate of Security reports an explosion in Istanbul, Turkey, most likely caused by a bomb, with a number of people injured. ](/news/2011/05/26/the-general-directorate-of-security-reports-an-explosion-in-istanbul-turkey-most-likely-caused-by-a-bomb-with-a-number-of-people-injured.md) _Context: Istanbul, Turkey, Turkish police_
8. [Despite opposition from Turkey, President Donald Trump authorizes an arms deal with the Syrian Kurds to assist the Syrian Democratic Forces in their fight against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). ](/news/2017/05/9/despite-opposition-from-turkey-president-donald-trump-authorizes-an-arms-deal-with-the-syrian-kurds-to-assist-the-syrian-democratic-forces.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey_
9. [Saeed Karimian, the founder and director of GEM TV, a Persian language network based in Dubai, is shot dead in Istanbul, Turkey, along with his Kuwaiti business partner. Karimian had previously been tried in absentia by a Tehran court and sentenced to six years in prison for spreading propaganda against Iran. ](/news/2017/04/30/saeed-karimian-the-founder-and-director-of-gem-tv-a-persian-language-network-based-in-dubai-is-shot-dead-in-istanbul-turkey-along-with.md) _Context: Istanbul, Turkey_
10. [At least 47 ISIL militants have been killed by Turkish and U.S.-led bombing raids by fighter jets on the town of al-Bab in the last 24 hours, with the Turkish Armed Forces attacking 135 other ISIL targets in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/02/3/at-least-47-isil-militants-have-been-killed-by-turkish-and-u-s-led-bombing-raids-by-fighter-jets-on-the-town-of-al-bab-in-the-last-24-hours.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, Turkey_
