### [2015-10-18](/news/2015/10/18/index.md)

# Two Turkish soldiers are killed after a roadside bomb hit their vehicle in the eastern Tunceli Province. 

Two Turkish soldiers were killed when a roadside bomb hit their vehicle in the province of Tunceli, security sources said on Sunday, bringing the military death toll in two days of violence in the predominantly Kurdish east to six.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/10/18/uk-turkey-kurds-idUKKCN0SC0JZ20151018)

### Related:

1. [A police Sikorsky S-70 helicopter crashes in Tunceli Province, Turkey, killing 12 people. ](/news/2017/04/18/a-police-sikorsky-s-70-helicopter-crashes-in-tunceli-province-turkey-killing-12-people.md) _Context: Tunceli Province, Turkey_
2. [A car bomb injures at least nine people, three in serious condition, in the mainly-Kurdish southeast region in Turkey's Tunceli Province. The explosion occurred close to housing for courthouse employees in the town of Ovacik. There is no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/06/13/a-car-bomb-injures-at-least-nine-people-three-in-serious-condition-in-the-mainly-kurdish-southeast-region-in-turkey-s-tunceli-province-th.md) _Context: Tunceli Province, Turkey_
3. [Clashes continue between PKK militants and Turkish Army troops in the Kurdish-majority city of Diyarbakir in southeastern Turkey. At least one Turkish soldier is killed and several are wounded in a bomb attack. ](/news/2015/12/23/clashes-continue-between-pkk-militants-and-turkish-army-troops-in-the-kurdish-majority-city-of-diyarbaka-r-in-southeastern-turkey-at-least.md) _Context: 2015 PKK rebellion, Turkey_
4. [Fighting continues to rage between the Turkish Army and PKK militants across southeastern Turkey, with the Kurdish-majority cities of Cizre and Silopi both becoming war zones as street-to-street fighting takes place. Turkish tanks shelled civilian houses in Silopi, while a Turkish military helicopter was damaged by PKK fire as it attempted to land in Cizre. Also, two Turkish soldiers were killed and six others wounded in a roadside bombing near the town of Bitlis. Many within Turkey are saying a civil war is now underway. ](/news/2015/12/21/fighting-continues-to-rage-between-the-turkish-army-and-pkk-militants-across-southeastern-turkey-with-the-kurdish-majority-cities-of-cizre.md) _Context: 2015 PKK rebellion, Turkey_
5. [Turkish security forces kill 23 suspected members of the Kurdistan Workers' Party in operations in the Kurdish-majority cities of Cizre and Silopi. ](/news/2015/12/17/turkish-security-forces-kill-23-suspected-members-of-the-kurdistan-workers-party-in-operations-in-the-kurdish-majority-cities-of-cizre-and.md) _Context: 2015 PKK rebellion, Turkey_
6. [At least seven people are killed in clashes between Turkish security forces and Kurdish protesters across southeast Turkey, as Turkish authorities declare new curfews across the restive region. According to the Human Rights Foundation of Turkey, 52 curfews have been imposed since mid-August by Turkish authorities across seven Turkish provinces in the region, placing around 1.3 million people under curfew. ](/news/2015/12/14/at-least-seven-people-are-killed-in-clashes-between-turkish-security-forces-and-kurdish-protesters-across-southeast-turkey-as-turkish-autho.md) _Context: 2015 PKK rebellion, Turkey_
7. [Turkish security forces backed up by tanks and combat helicopters launch a large-scale operation against PKK militants in the mainly Kurdish town of Silvan, which has been under a punishing curfew for nine days. At least five people are killed in the fighting, including a Turkish soldier. ](/news/2015/11/11/turkish-security-forces-backed-up-by-tanks-and-combat-helicopters-launch-a-large-scale-operation-against-pkk-militants-in-the-mainly-kurdish.md) _Context: 2015 PKK rebellion, Turkey_
8. [Three Turkish troops, including a lieutenant colonel, are killed following clashes with PKK insurgents around Daglica vlliage, in the southeastern Hakkari Province. At least 17 PKK insurgents were also reportedly killed in the fighting. ](/news/2015/10/17/three-turkish-troops-including-a-lieutenant-colonel-are-killed-following-clashes-with-pkk-insurgents-around-daala-ca-vlliage-in-the-sout.md) _Context: 2015 PKK rebellion, Turkey_
9. [Four Turkish soldiers are killed in PKK attacks across southeastern Turkey. Turkish authorities impose a curfew in the city of Mardin due to escalating violence. ](/news/2015/10/1/four-turkish-soldiers-are-killed-in-pkk-attacks-across-southeastern-turkey-turkish-authorities-impose-a-curfew-in-the-city-of-mardin-due-to.md) _Context: 2015 PKK rebellion, Turkey_
10. [Turkey summons the ambassador of Germany after at least 10,000 people rally in Cologne in support of the referendum. ](/news/2017/09/16/turkey-summons-the-ambassador-of-germany-after-at-least-10-000-people-rally-in-cologne-in-support-of-the-referendum.md) _Context: Turkey_
