### [2004-04-11](/news/2004/04/11/index.md)

#  An informal ceasefire holds; Muhammad Bashar al-Fiyadi, spokesperson of the Association of Muslim Scholars, notes that there were minor skirmishes but there were no major clashes. A deputy to a member in the Iraq Interim Governing Council states the truce would be extended for another 12 hours. 

Reuters.com is your online source for the latest U.S. news stories from coast to coast and stay current on the events that shape our nation.


### Source:

1. [AFP](http://www.abc.net.au/news/newsitems/s1085405.htm)
2. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/030691E0-2837-4167-9A18-B6FE7E1EC4FA.htm)
3. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3615703.stm)
4. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3618949.stm)
5. [Reuters](http://wireservice.wired.com/wired/story.asp?section=Breaking&storyId=849579&tw=wn_wire_story)
6. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=domesticNews&storyID=4798648&section=news)
7. [Tribune India](http://www.tribuneindia.com/2004/20040412/main6.htm)
7. [Cover Image](https://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [The Yemeni government in exile announces that it has reached a truce with the Houthi rebels. ](/news/2015/07/8/the-yemeni-government-in-exile-announces-that-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-houthi-rebels.md) _Context: truce_
2. [A truce brokered by the United Nations due to last for the remainder of Ramadan is broken within an hour with both sides exchanging blame. ](/news/2015/07/11/a-truce-brokered-by-the-united-nations-due-to-last-for-the-remainder-of-ramadan-is-broken-within-an-hour-with-both-sides-exchanging-blame.md) _Context: truce_
3. [The FARC want an armistice at the start of the peace talks starting October 8th in Oslo, Norway. The government doesn't want a truce. ](/news/2012/09/6/the-farc-want-an-armistice-at-the-start-of-the-peace-talks-starting-october-8th-in-oslo-norway-the-government-doesn-t-want-a-truce.md) _Context: truce_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian clashes subside as a truce between Israel and Palestinians militants in the Gaza Strip comes into effect. ](/news/2012/03/13/israeli-palestinian-clashes-subside-as-a-truce-between-israel-and-palestinians-militants-in-the-gaza-strip-comes-into-effect.md) _Context: truce_
5. [ Nepal Civil War: Maoist insurgents in Nepal, responding to a demand by the newly appointed prime minister Girija Prasad Koirala, announce a unilateral three-month truce. Kathmandu gradually resumes normality after weeks of pro-democracy protests. ](/news/2006/04/27/nepal-civil-war-maoist-insurgents-in-nepal-responding-to-a-demand-by-the-newly-appointed-prime-minister-girija-prasad-koirala-announce-a.md) _Context: truce_
6. [ Representatives of Indonesian government and the Free Aceh Movement reach a tentative peace settlement in negoations in Helsinki, Finland. They intend to sign a formal truce in August 15. ](/news/2005/07/17/representatives-of-indonesian-government-and-the-free-aceh-movement-reach-a-tentative-peace-settlement-in-negoations-in-helsinki-finland.md) _Context: truce_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A truce is declared between Israel and the Palestinian Authority. Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, and Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel, shook hands at a four-way summit at Sharm el-Sheikh that was also attended by Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Jordan's King Abdullah. Palestinian organization Hamas says it is not bound by the ceasefire. ](/news/2005/02/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-truce-is-declared-between-israel-and-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palesti.md) _Context: truce_
8. [ The Association of Muslim Scholars negotiates the release of 8 Chinese hostages kidnapped by the Islamic Resistance Movement. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4197405.stm (BBC)] [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=7400128 (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 02:35, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) The International Organization for Migration extends voter registration for 2 days for Iraqis living abroad due to low turnout. Ansar al-Sunna announces it has executed 15 kidnapped Iraqi National Guard. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4198071.stm (BBC)] [http://today.reuters.com/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=worldNews&storyID=2005-01-22T191401Z_01_N22667410_RTRIDST_0_INTERNATIONAL-IRAQ-ELECTIONS-EXPATRIATES-DC.XML (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 02:35, 15 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/01/22/the-association-of-muslim-scholars-negotiates-the-release-of-8-chinese-hostages-kidnapped-by-the-islamic-resistance-movement-http-news.md) _Context: Association of Muslim Scholars_
9. [ In the Philippines, the truce between the army and Islamist rebels collapses. Government forces exchange fire with the MILF rebels in Mindanao. The peace talks are still ongoing. ](/news/2005/01/10/in-the-philippines-the-truce-between-the-army-and-islamist-rebels-collapses-government-forces-exchange-fire-with-the-milf-rebels-in-minda.md) _Context: truce_
10. [ Conflict in Iraq: U.S. troops reach the center of Falluja with heavy fighting reported throughout the city. The Pentagon announces 10 U.S. and two Iraqi soldiers killed in the assault. One third of prisoners captured in Falluja by Iraqi forces have been foreigners from Egypt and Syria. Residents say a U.S. airstrike hit a clinic killing medical staff and patients. A nine-year-old boy dies because of lack of medical assistance after he was hit by shrapnel in what parents say was a separate airstrike. The mainly Sunni Iraqi Islamic Party withdraws from the Iraq Interim Governing Council. Iraqi and U.S. forces capture a mosque in northwest Falluja that was being used as an arms depot and insurgent meeting place and the Muslim Clerics Association called for a boycott of the election in protest of the assault. In Mosul, two U.S. soldiers are killed when mortars land in a military base. Three police stations are attacked in Baquba with casualty reports ranging from 25 to 45 people killed. A car bomb outside an Iraqi National Guard base near Kirkuk kills three people and wounds two. In Samarra, a senior local government official is assassinated. ](/news/2004/11/8/conflict-in-iraq-u-s-troops-reach-the-center-of-falluja-with-heavy-fighting-reported-throughout-the-city-the-pentagon-announces-10-u-s.md) _Context: Iraq Interim Governing Council_
