### [2004-04-11](/news/2004/04/11/index.md)

#  Three European researchers say that if Greenland's average temperature were to increase by 3&nbsp;C (5.4&nbsp;F) or more, its massive ice sheet would melt, gradually swamping coastal communities as seas rise 7 metres (23 feet) over the next 1,000 years. They hypothesize that the upward trend of worldwide carbon dioxide emissions could cause this. 




### Source:

1. [Indianapolis Star](http://www.indystar.com/articles/6/137077-2186-010.html)

### Related:

1. [An earthquake and tsunami strike Greenland leaving at least 4 dead. ](/news/2017/06/18/an-earthquake-and-tsunami-strike-greenland-leaving-at-least-4-dead.md) _Context: Greenland_
2. [While attempting to create a nanotechnology-based, catalyst-mediated series of chemical reactions to turn carbon dioxide (C (a greenhouse gas) into a usable fuel, scientists at the Department of Energy's Oak Ridge National Laboratory instead discover a single-step process using the surface area of tiny spikes of copper and carbon as a catalyst to turn carbon dioxide into ethanol (C C O. The reaction may serve as a method to alleviate possible climate change by both decreasing C in the atmosphere and by using the ethanol as an additive to fuels to increase efficiency and thereby decrease consumption. ](/news/2016/10/18/while-attempting-to-create-a-nanotechnology-based-catalyst-mediated-series-of-chemical-reactions-to-turn-carbon-dioxide-c-a-greenhouse-ga.md) _Context: carbon dioxide (C|O|2)_
3. [The oldest fossil (stromatolite) that had life is discovered in the melting snow at the Isua Greenstone Belt of Greenland. ](/news/2016/08/31/the-oldest-fossil-stromatolite-that-had-life-is-discovered-in-the-melting-snow-at-the-isua-greenstone-belt-of-greenland.md) _Context: Greenland_
4. [Researchers in Iceland report on CarbFix, in the journal "Science", that carbon dioxide emissions can be pumped into the earth and changed chemically to stone &nbsp;-- significantly faster than expected. ](/news/2016/06/9/researchers-in-iceland-report-on-carbfix-in-the-journal-science-that-carbon-dioxide-emissions-can-be-pumped-into-the-earth-and-changed-c.md) _Context: carbon dioxide (C|O|2)_
5. [Scientific studies confirm more than 90 percent of the world's glaciers are retreating, and many of the smaller ones -- like the alpine ice sheets of Glacier National Park in the U.S. -- are rapidly disappearing. On the other side of world, at Khumbu Glacier near Mount Everest in the Himalayas, expanding ponds are merging and forming larger bodies of water. This could threaten settlements downstream if they overflow. Thawing glaciers account for about 20 percent of the sea-level rise recorded in the past century, adding to the meltwater coming from polar ice caps and ice sheets. ](/news/2015/11/27/scientific-studies-confirm-more-than-90-percent-of-the-worldas-glaciers-are-retreating-and-many-of-the-smaller-ones-a-like-the-alpine-i.md) _Context: ice sheet_
6. [Greenland's government calls for an early election on November 28 after an expenses scandal prompts Prime Minister Aleqa Hammond to step down as leader of the governing Siumut party. ](/news/2014/10/1/greenland-s-government-calls-for-an-early-election-on-november-28-after-an-expenses-scandal-prompts-prime-minister-aleqa-hammond-to-step-dow.md) _Context: Greenland_
7. [Denmark proper (not counting Greenland) gets its first natural UNESCO World Heritage Sites, in addition to its three cultural sites, as Stevns Klint and the Danish parts of the Wadden Sea are inscribed on the UNESCO list. ](/news/2014/06/23/denmark-proper-not-counting-greenland-gets-its-first-natural-unesco-world-heritage-sites-in-addition-to-its-three-cultural-sites-as-stev.md) _Context: Greenland_
8. [Studies published in "Geophysical Research Letters" and "Science" find that the West Antarctic ice sheet is potentially irrevocably melting. ](/news/2014/05/13/studies-published-in-geophysical-research-letters-and-science-find-that-the-west-antarctic-ice-sheet-is-potentially-irrevocably-melting.md) _Context: ice sheet_
9. [Scientists discover an 800km long canyon that is up to 800m deep in places beneath the ice sheet that covers Greenland. ](/news/2013/08/30/scientists-discover-an-800km-long-canyon-that-is-up-to-800m-deep-in-places-beneath-the-ice-sheet-that-covers-greenland.md) _Context: Greenland_
10. [After her Siumut party wins the parliamentary election, Aleqa Hammond is set to become first female Prime Minister of Greenland. ](/news/2013/03/13/after-her-siumut-party-wins-the-parliamentary-election-aleqa-hammond-is-set-to-become-first-female-prime-minister-of-greenland.md) _Context: Greenland_
