### [2007-01-18](/news/2007/01/18/index.md)

#  The European windstorm Kyrill sweeps across Great Britain, the Netherlands and Germany, killing at least nine in Britain and three in the Netherlands. The container ship ''MSC Napoli'' has to be abandoned in the English channel because of the wind. British and French rescue services pick up 26 crew members. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk/6272193.stm)

### Related:

1. [Angela Merkel, Chancellor of Germany, speaks to both houses of the Parliament of Great Britain and urges Britain's continued participation within the EU, but she ruled out German support for any far-reaching reform of the treaties that define it, such as many Britons think their government should demand. ](/news/2014/02/27/angela-merkel-chancellor-of-germany-speaks-to-both-houses-of-the-parliament-of-great-britain-and-urges-britain-s-continued-participation-w.md) _Context: Germany, Great Britain_
2. [ A 24-hour strike by employees of the National Railway Company of Belgium ends rail services in Belgium and to France, Germany and the Netherlands. ](/news/2008/05/20/a-24-hour-strike-by-employees-of-the-national-railway-company-of-belgium-ends-rail-services-in-belgium-and-to-france-germany-and-the-nethe.md) _Context: Dutch, Germany_
3. [ The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown launches the International Health Partnership consisting of the World Health Organisation, the World Bank, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation as well as the governments of the United Kingdom, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway and Portugal. ](/news/2007/09/5/the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-gordon-brown-launches-the-international-health-partnership-consisting-of-the-world-health-organisa.md) _Context: Dutch, Germany_
4. [ Dozens of containers, some containing toxic chemicals, are washed ashore at Devon, England after MSC ''Napoli'' ran aground on the coast last Thursday during Kyrill. ](/news/2007/01/21/dozens-of-containers-some-containing-toxic-chemicals-are-washed-ashore-at-devon-england-after-msc-napoli-ran-aground-on-the-coast-la.md) _Context: Kyrill, MSC ''Napoli''_
5. [ Hurricane force winds claim at least 40 lives in Western Europe including 10 lives in Britain and 11 in Germany, and other victims in The Netherlands (6), Poland (6), Czech Republic (3) and France (3). ](/news/2007/01/19/hurricane-force-winds-claim-at-least-40-lives-in-western-europe-including-10-lives-in-britain-and-11-in-germany-and-other-victims-in-the-n.md) _Context: Dutch, Germany_
6. [Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-president-donald-trump-who-is.md) _Context: Germany_
7. [Eighteen people are dead after a bus collides with a truck in the German state of Bavaria.  ](/news/2017/07/3/eighteen-people-are-dead-after-a-bus-collides-with-a-truck-in-the-german-state-of-bavaria.md) _Context: Germany_
8. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: Germany_
9. [The Bundestag votes to introduce same-sex marriage in Germany.  With 393 votes in favor and 226 against, including Chancellor Angela Merkel, the law is expected to enter into force before the end of the year. ](/news/2017/06/30/the-bundestag-votes-to-introduce-same-sex-marriage-in-germany-with-393-votes-in-favor-and-226-against-including-chancellor-angela-merkel.md) _Context: Germany_
10. [A shooting occurs at a local train station in the Unterfohring suburb of Munich, Germany. The assailant shot a police officer in the head; she is in critical condition. Backup police engaged in a shootout where the suspect and two bystanders were injured. Police do not believe this is a terrorist attack. ](/news/2017/06/13/a-shooting-occurs-at-a-local-train-station-in-the-unterfaphring-suburb-of-munich-germany-the-assailant-shot-a-police-officer-in-the-head.md) _Context: Germany_
