### [2010-11-2](/news/2010/11/2/index.md)

# President of Venezuela Hugo Chvez welcomes President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos to Caracas. 




### Source:

1. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english2010/world/2010-11/03/c_13588771.htm)

### Related:

1. [President of Venezuela Hugo Chavez announces that he has agreed to meet President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos tomorrow for talks to end strained relations between the two countries. ](/news/2010/08/9/president-of-venezuela-hugo-cha-vez-announces-that-he-has-agreed-to-meet-president-of-colombia-juan-manuel-santos-tomorrow-for-talks-to-end.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
2. [Colombia-Venezuela relations:Venezuela and Colombia re-establish diplomatic relations after a meeting between recently inaugurated President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos and Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez in Santa Marta, Colombia, mediated by UNASUR Secretary General Nestor Kirchner. ](/news/2010/08/11/colombia-venezuela-relations-pvenezuela-and-colombia-re-establish-diplomatic-relations-after-a-meeting-between-recently-inaugurated-presiden.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos, Venezuela_
3. [ At a meeting in Caracas, Venezuelan President Hugo Chvez and Argentine President Cristina Fernndez de Kirchner sign agreements expanding trade between their two countries. ](/news/2009/08/12/at-a-meeting-in-caracas-venezuelan-president-hugo-chavez-and-argentine-president-cristina-fernandez-de-kirchner-sign-agreements-expanding.md) _Context: Caracas, Hugo Chávez, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
4. [ Venezuelans go to the polls for regional elections. Allies of President Hugo Chvez win 17 of 21 governorships, but the opposition wins in the two biggest states of Miranda and Zulia as well as the mayorship of Caracas. ](/news/2008/11/23/venezuelans-go-to-the-polls-for-regional-elections-allies-of-president-hugo-chavez-win-17-of-21-governorships-but-the-opposition-wins-in.md) _Context: Caracas, Hugo Chávez, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
5. [ South American diplomatic crisis: President Hugo Chvez orders the closure of the Venezuelan embassy in Colombia and moves ten battalions to the Colombian-Venezuelan border in response to the killing of FARC leader Ral Reyes in Ecuador by Colombian armed forces the previous day. Rafael Correa, the President of Ecuador, orders troops to the Colombian border. The Colombian government accuses Correa of having "a relationship and commitments" with FARC. ](/news/2008/03/2/south-american-diplomatic-crisis-president-hugo-chavez-orders-the-closure-of-the-venezuelan-embassy-in-colombia-and-moves-ten-battalions-t.md) _Context: Colombia, Hugo Chávez, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
6. [Venezuelan authorities report 12 people were killed overnight  in the capital Caracas, mostly in the  El Valle working class neighborhood where 54 people, including newborn babies, were forced to evacuate a maternity hospital. Others have fled to Colombia. This  death toll during the three weeks of anti-government protests is 20. ](/news/2017/04/21/venezuelan-authorities-report-12-people-were-killed-overnight-in-the-capital-caracas-mostly-in-the-el-valle-working-class-neighborhood-wh.md) _Context: Caracas, Colombia, Venezuela_
7. [Colombian government and FARC representatives meet in Havana, and President Juan Manuel Santos will meet with presidential predecessors Alvaro Uribe, the accord opposition leader, and Andres Pastrana Arango, to continue negotiations to end the 52-year war that has killed around a quarter of a million people. ](/news/2016/10/4/colombian-government-and-farc-representatives-meet-in-havana-and-president-juan-manuel-santos-will-meet-with-presidential-predecessors-alv.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos_
8. [FARC leader Rodrigo Londono (Timoleon) says his troops will honor its commitments to the Colombian government, including the permanent cease-fire, despite voters rejection of the peace accord in Sunday's referendum.  President Juan Manuel Santos calls the country's political parties to an emergency meeting. ](/news/2016/10/3/farc-leader-rodrigo-londoa-o-timolea3n-says-his-troops-will-honor-its-commitments-to-the-colombian-government-including-the-permanent-cea.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos_
9. [Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos signs a decree fully legalizing medical marijuana. Growers must apply to the National Narcotics Council for a license. Earlier, Colombia decriminalized personal possession of up to 20 grams. ](/news/2015/12/22/colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-signs-a-decree-fully-legalizing-medical-marijuana-growers-must-apply-to-the-national-narcotics-counc.md) _Context: Colombia, Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos_
10. [The President of Venezuela Nicolas Maduro and the President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos agree to gradually reopen their common border which had been closed following a Venezuelan crackdown on smuggling. ](/news/2015/09/22/the-president-of-venezuela-nicola-s-maduro-and-the-president-of-colombia-juan-manuel-santos-agree-to-gradually-reopen-their-common-border-wh.md) _Context: Colombian President, Juan Manuel Santos, Venezuela_
