### [2010-11-2](/news/2010/11/2/index.md)

# Salum Khalfani Bar'wani of the opposition Civic United Front party is elected as a Member of Parliament, the first albino to serve elective office in Tanzania. 

An albino is elected as an MP for the first time in Tanzania, telling the BBC it is a &quot;victory for all albinos&quot;, who face widespread persecution in the East African nation.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-11675479)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/special/2015/newsspec_10857/bbc_news_logo.png?cb=1)

### Related:

1. [Tanzania's opposition Chadema party presidential candidate Edward Lowassa calls for a recount of Sunday's election for the presidency before official results are announced tomorrow. Meanwhile, the election commission chief of semi-autonomous Zanzibar nullifies their results, which opposition presidential candidate Seif Sharif Hamad of the Civic United Front announced he won on Monday. The United States said it's "gravely alarmed" and called for reversal of the annulment. ](/news/2015/10/28/tanzania-s-opposition-chadema-party-presidential-candidate-edward-lowassa-calls-for-a-recount-of-sunday-s-election-for-the-presidency-before.md) _Context: Civic United Front, Tanzania_
2. [Voters in Tanzania go to the polls for the country's general election. ](/news/2010/10/31/voters-in-tanzania-go-to-the-polls-for-the-country-s-general-election.md) _Context: Tanzania, reelected_
3. [The dismembered corpse of an abducted 9-year-old albino boy is found in a river on the Burundi-Tanzania border and buried. ](/news/2010/10/24/the-dismembered-corpse-of-an-abducted-9-year-old-albino-boy-is-found-in-a-river-on-the-burundi-tanzania-border-and-buried.md) _Context: Tanzania, albino_
4. [As many as 30 people, mostly children, are killed after a school bus plunges off a road into a steep ravine in the Arusha Region of northern Tanzania. ](/news/2017/05/6/as-many-as-30-people-mostly-children-are-killed-after-a-school-bus-plunges-off-a-road-into-a-steep-ravine-in-the-arusha-region-of-northern.md) _Context: Tanzania_
5. [The UK Independence Party (UKIP)'s only MP, Douglas Carswell, quits the party to become an independent MP. ](/news/2017/03/25/the-uk-independence-party-ukip-s-only-mp-douglas-carswell-quits-the-party-to-become-an-independent-mp.md) _Context: MP_
6. [University of Washington researchers report, in the peer-reviewed "Journal of the American Medical Association Oncology", the discovery of an odontoma -- a "benign tumor" -- in the fossil of a 255-million-year old Tanzanian mammal-like saber-toothed gorgonopsia. This is one of the oldest-known tumors ever found. ](/news/2016/12/9/university-of-washington-researchers-report-in-the-peer-reviewed-journal-of-the-american-medical-association-oncology-the-discovery-of-a.md) _Context: Tanzania_
7. [Former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron resigns as MP for Witney, triggering a by-election. ](/news/2016/09/12/former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-resigns-as-mp-for-witney-triggering-a-by-election.md) _Context: MP_
8. [A magnitude 5.7 earthquake occurs in northern Tanzania, near Lake Victoria, killing at least 13 people and injuring 200 others. Tanzanian authorities report significant damage in the town of Bukoba. The governments of Burundi, Kenya, Rwanda, and Uganda report tremors. ](/news/2016/09/10/a-magnitude-5-7-earthquake-occurs-in-northern-tanzania-near-lake-victoria-killing-at-least-13-people-and-injuring-200-others-tanzanian-au.md) _Context: Tanzania_
9. [This week, the Gambia and Tanzania outlawed child marriages. Friday, the Tanzanian High Court -- in a case filed by the "Msichana Initiative", a lobbying group that advocates for girls' right to education -- ruled in favor of protecting girls from the harms of early marriage. And during a feast ending the Muslim holy month of Ramadan on Wednesday, The Gambian President Yahya Jammeh announced that child and forced marriages are banned. Jammeh called on the National Assembly to quickly take up the issue. ](/news/2016/07/9/this-week-the-gambia-and-tanzania-outlawed-child-marriages-friday-the-tanzanian-high-court-a-in-a-case-filed-by-the-msichana-initiativ.md) _Context: Tanzania_
10. [Durham and Oxford universities' geologists, working with a helium exploration company, discover an at least 54 billion cubic foot field of helium in the Tanzanian East African Rift Valley. Previously, helium has only been found in small quantities. This field, found using a new exploration approach connected to volcanic activity, could potentially meet global demand for several years. ](/news/2016/06/28/durham-and-oxford-universities-geologists-working-with-a-helium-exploration-company-discover-an-at-least-54-billion-cubic-foot-field-of-h.md) _Context: Tanzania_
