### [2010-11-2](/news/2010/11/2/index.md)

# UK Prime Minister David Cameron and the French President Nicolas Sarkozy meet in London and sign a treaty allowing joint development and testing of nuclear warheads, and outline plans for a joint army expeditionary force. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-11670247)
2. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english2010/world/2010-11/03/c_13588034.htm)

### Related:

1. [Barack Obama, the President of the United States, David Cameron, the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and Nicolas Sarkozy, the President of France publish an op-ed in the "International Herald Tribune" outlining their strategy on the 2011 Libyan civil war. ](/news/2011/04/14/barack-obama-the-president-of-the-united-states-david-cameron-the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-and-nicolas-sarkozy-the-president.md) _Context: David Cameron, Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France, Prime Minister_
2. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. U.S. President Barack Obama, in an op-ed in London's "Daily Telegraph", urges Britons to keep the U.K. in the European Union. Tomorrow, Obama is scheduled to have lunch with Prince Philip and Queen Elizabeth, who celebrated her 90th birthday today. He then will hold talks with Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-u-s-president-barack-obama-in-an-op-ed-in-london-s-daily-telegraph-urges-britons-to.md) _Context: David Cameron, London, Prime Minister_
3. [In a speech in London, British Prime Minister David Cameron outlines his intention to renegotiate the terms of the UK's membership of the European Union then offer a referendum on United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union if a new deal is agreed. ](/news/2013/01/23/in-a-speech-in-london-british-prime-minister-david-cameron-outlines-his-intention-to-renegotiate-the-terms-of-the-uk-s-membership-of-the-eu.md) _Context: David Cameron, London, Prime Minister_
4. [ The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown and the President of France Nicolas Sarkozy threaten the government of Sudan with sanctions over Darfur. ](/news/2007/08/31/the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-gordon-brown-and-the-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-threaten-the-government-of-sudan-with-san.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France, Prime Minister_
5. [Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy is ordered to stand trial for alleged campaign finance fraud during his failed 2012 presidential election campaign. ](/news/2017/02/7/former-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-is-ordered-to-stand-trial-for-alleged-campaign-finance-fraud-during-his-failed-2012-presidential.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
6. [Former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron resigns as MP for Witney, triggering a by-election. ](/news/2016/09/12/former-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-resigns-as-mp-for-witney-triggering-a-by-election.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minister_
7. [French presidential election, 2017. The Republicans (France) presidential primary, 2016. Former President of France Nicolas Sarkozy officially declares his candidacy for president in 2017. ](/news/2016/08/22/french-presidential-election-2017-the-republicans-france-presidential-primary-2016-former-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-official.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
8. [Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016. Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-uk-leadership-election-2016-conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leade.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minister_
9. [French presidential election, 2017. Former French President Nicolas Sarkozy resigns as leader of The Republicans party and announces his candidacy for President again. ](/news/2016/07/3/french-presidential-election-2017-former-french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-resigns-as-leader-of-the-republicans-party-and-announces-his-can.md) _Context: Nicolas Sarkozy, President of France_
10. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-th.md) _Context: David Cameron, Prime Minister_
