### [2006-12-4](/news/2006/12/4/index.md)

#  President of the Philippines Gloria Arroyo declares a "state of national calamity" following the death and destruction caused by Typhoon Durian. 




### Source:

1. [The Australian](http://www.theaustralian.news.com.au/story/0,20867,20868541-1702,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Former Philippine President Joseph Estrada visits former President Gloria Arroyo in the hospital where she is currently detained. ](/news/2013/12/23/former-philippine-president-joseph-estrada-visits-former-president-gloria-arroyo-in-the-hospital-where-she-is-currently-detained.md) _Context: Gloria Arroyo, President of the Philippines_
2. [ Philippines President Gloria Arroyo signs a law banning torture, making it a criminal offence punishable by up to 30 years imprisonment. ](/news/2009/11/13/philippines-president-gloria-arroyo-signs-a-law-banning-torture-making-it-a-criminal-offence-punishable-by-up-to-30-years-imprisonment.md) _Context: Gloria Arroyo, President of the Philippines_
3. [ 2007 Burmese anti-government protests: Philippine President Gloria Arroyo says her country will not ratify the new Association of Southeast Asian Nations Charter unless the State Peace and Development Council frees opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi. ](/news/2007/11/19/2007-burmese-anti-government-protests-p-philippine-president-gloria-arroyo-says-her-country-will-not-ratify-the-new-association-of-southeas.md) _Context: Gloria Arroyo, President of the Philippines_
4. [ Former President of the Philippines Joseph Estrada is freed after receiving a pardon from the current President Gloria Arroyo. ](/news/2007/10/26/former-president-of-the-philippines-joseph-estrada-is-freed-after-receiving-a-pardon-from-the-current-president-gloria-arroyo.md) _Context: Gloria Arroyo, President of the Philippines_
5. [ Gloria Arroyo, the President of the Philippines, sends the chief of the army Romeo Tolentino to Zamboanga in the southern Philippines to direct operations against militants. ](/news/2007/08/12/gloria-arroyo-the-president-of-the-philippines-sends-the-chief-of-the-army-romeo-tolentino-to-zamboanga-in-the-southern-philippines-to-di.md) _Context: Gloria Arroyo, President of the Philippines_
6. [ Philippine electoral crisis, 2005: Opposition files impeachment complaint against president Gloria Arroyo for election fraud. President has declared a day a holiday and intends to make a key policy speech. ](/news/2005/07/25/philippine-electoral-crisis-2005-opposition-files-impeachment-complaint-against-president-gloria-arroyo-for-election-fraud-president-has.md) _Context: Gloria Arroyo, President of the Philippines_
7. [ In the Philippines, President Gloria Arroyo announces that she intends to form a ''truth commission'' to investigate charges of poll fraud against her. ](/news/2005/07/19/in-the-philippines-president-gloria-arroyo-announces-that-she-intends-to-form-a-truth-commission-to-investigate-charges-of-poll-fraud.md) _Context: Gloria Arroyo, President of the Philippines_
8. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-law-in-the-whole-philippines-two.md) _Context: President of the Philippines_
9. [Former President of the Philippines Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III is indicted (among others) by the Office of the Ombudsman for his failure in handling the 2015 Mamasapano clash, which resulted in the deaths of 44 members of the Special Action Forces of the Philippine National Police. Aquino's camp has vowed to file a motion for reconsideration; as well as the group Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption (representing the victims' families), against what they call a "weak case" (citing Aquino's indictment for "graft", instead of "multiple homicide") ](/news/2017/07/14/former-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-noynoy-aquino-iii-is-indicted-among-others-by-the-office-of-the-ombudsman-for-his-failure-in.md) _Context: President of the Philippines_
10. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte threatens the ''Philippine Daily Inquirer'' with an expose. The newspaper has been a long-time ally of the politically prominent Aquino family (ever since the 1986 EDSA People Power Revolution), as well as the minority opposition Liberal Party (of which the Vice President of the Philippines Leni Robredo is its prominent member); both have been consistent in their criticisms of the Duterty presidency and its policies since its inauguration in 2016. ](/news/2017/07/1/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-the-philippine-daily-inquirer-with-an-exposa-c-the-newspaper-has-been-a-long-time.md) _Context: President of the Philippines_
