### [2003-07-3](/news/2003/07/3/index.md)

#  President Bush continued to consider whether or not to contribute United States troops to a peacekeeping mission in Liberia. 




### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2003/07/03/international/africa/03CND-LIBE.html?hp)

### Related:

1. [Shipwrecks in 2017. The United States Navy's USS "John S. McCain" collides with the Liberian-flagged "Alnic" MC near Singapore. Rescue efforts are underway with ten sailors reported as missing. ](/news/2017/08/21/shipwrecks-in-2017-the-united-states-navy-s-uss-john-s-mccain-collides-with-the-liberian-flagged-alnic-mc-near-singapore-rescue-effor.md) _Context: Liberia_
2. [Dutch businessman Guus Kouwenhoven is found guilty of war crimes and arms trafficking for using his lumber business to sell weapons to Liberia's former president Charles Taylor during the country's civil war between 2000 and 2003 and is sentenced to 19 years in prison. ](/news/2017/04/22/dutch-businessman-guus-kouwenhoven-is-found-guilty-of-war-crimes-and-arms-trafficking-for-using-his-lumber-business-to-sell-weapons-to-liber.md) _Context: Liberia_
3. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump. President-elect Donald Trump names Tom Price as United States Secretary of Health and Human Services; former President George W. Bush Administration official and wife of Mitch McConnell Elaine Chao as United States Secretary of Transportation; ](/news/2016/11/29/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-donald-trump-names-tom-price-as-united-states-secretary-of-health-and-human-service.md) _Context: George W. Bush_
4. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. The World Health Organisation declares an end to the Ebola virus outbreak in West Africa with Liberia the last country to be declared free of the virus. ](/news/2016/01/14/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-the-world-health-organisation-declares-an-end-to-the-ebola-virus-outbreak-in-west-africa-with-liberia-t.md) _Context: Liberia_
5. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. A 15-year-old boy from Liberia's Paynesville district, who tested positive for Ebola last week, dies of the disease at a treatment center near the capital, Monrovia, just over 11 weeks after the World Health Organization (WHO) declared the country free of the virus. The boy's father and brother, who also tested positive, are at the center; his mother and two other siblings were admitted for observation. In addition, 160 people who came in direct contact with the boy, are being monitored. ](/news/2015/11/24/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-a-15-year-old-boy-from-liberia-s-paynesville-district-who-tested-positive-for-ebola-last-week-dies-of.md) _Context: Liberia_
6. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. Ebola virus cases in the United States. United States authorities announce mandatory Ebola screening will end for travelers from Liberia to five U.S. airports, effective September 21, 2015. Screening of travelers from Sierra Leone and Guinea will continue. ](/news/2015/09/18/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-ebola-virus-cases-in-the-united-states-united-states-authorities-announce-mandatory-ebola-screening-wi.md) _Context: Liberia_
7. [Suspected Islamist militants stormed two hotels in central Mali where UN peacekeepers were housed, seizing at least ten hostages and killing three Malian soldiers and a U.N. peacekeeper. ](/news/2015/08/7/suspected-islamist-militants-stormed-two-hotels-in-central-mali-where-un-peacekeepers-were-housed-seizing-at-least-ten-hostages-and-killing.md) _Context: U.N. peacekeeper_
8. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. The World Health Organization declares that the outbreak of the Ebola virus has ceased in Liberia after weeks of no cases there. ](/news/2015/05/9/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-the-world-health-organization-declares-that-the-outbreak-of-the-ebola-virus-has-ceased-in-liberia-after.md) _Context: Liberia_
9. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. Liberia's last known ebola patient is discharged from a treatment center in Monrovia. The country now needs 42 days without a subsequent diagnosed infection to be declared disease free. ](/news/2015/03/5/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-liberia-s-last-known-ebola-patient-is-discharged-from-a-treatment-center-in-monrovia-the-country-now-n.md) _Context: Liberia_
10. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. Liberia lifts curfews and reopens borders from Sunday as the epidemic starts to end. ](/news/2015/02/20/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-liberia-lifts-curfews-and-reopens-borders-from-sunday-as-the-epidemic-starts-to-end.md) _Context: Liberia_
