### [2011-08-4](/news/2011/08/4/index.md)

# A judge rules that Donald Rumsfeld can be sued personally for damages by a U.S. Army veteran in his 50s who says he was imprisoned unjustly and tortured by the U.S. military in Iraq. 




### Source:

1. [Huffington Post](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2011/08/04/donald-rumsfeld-torture-lawsuit_n_917966.html?icid=maing-grid7%7Cmain5%7Cdl3%7Csec3_lnk3%7C83667)

### Related:

1. [ Former United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld is accused of quoting the Bible while briefing then-President George W. Bush. ](/news/2009/05/18/former-united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-is-accused-of-quoting-the-bible-while-briefing-then-president-george-w-bush.md) _Context: Donald Rumsfeld_
2. [ United States District Court Judge Thomas Hogan dismisses a case of alleged torture against former United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld brought by nine former prisoners in Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2007/03/27/united-states-district-court-judge-thomas-hogan-dismisses-a-case-of-alleged-torture-against-former-united-states-secretary-of-defense-donal.md) _Context: Donald Rumsfeld_
3. [ Leaked Pentagon memo by United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld says US policy in Iraq is "not working well enough or fast enough." ](/news/2006/12/2/leaked-pentagon-memo-by-united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-says-us-policy-in-iraq-is-not-working-well-enough-or-fast-enoug.md) _Context: Donald Rumsfeld_
4. [ "The Washington Post", under the Freedom of Information Act, obtains the transcript of an investigative interview with Donald Rumsfeld. The U.S. Secretary of Defense cited poor memory, loose office procedures, and preoccupation with "the wars" as the reasons he did not know how his department nearly squandered $30 billion leasing several hundred tanker aircraft from Boeing. ](/news/2006/06/20/the-washington-post-under-the-freedom-of-information-act-obtains-the-transcript-of-an-investigative-interview-with-donald-rumsfeld-the.md) _Context: Donald Rumsfeld_
5. [ The United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld likens Venezuela's President Hugo Chavez to Adolf Hitler. In retaliation, Venezuelan Vice President Jose Vicente Rangel refers to the US as the Third Reich. ](/news/2006/02/3/the-united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-likens-venezuela-s-president-hugo-cha-vez-to-adolf-hitler-in-retaliation-venezuela.md) _Context: Donald Rumsfeld_
6. [ Liberal Democrat MEP for London, Sarah Ludford, who is leading a European Parliament investigation into the U.S. policy of "extraordinary rendition", says she may invite Vice President of the United States Dick Cheney, United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld or United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to testify. ](/news/2006/01/26/liberal-democrat-mep-for-london-sarah-ludford-who-is-leading-a-european-parliament-investigation-into-the-u-s-policy-of-extraordinary-r.md) _Context: Donald Rumsfeld_
7. [ Major areas of the Australian city of Adelaide have been "locked down" ahead of the arrival of United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld for the 17th annual AUS-MIN meeting. ](/news/2005/11/16/major-areas-of-the-australian-city-of-adelaide-have-been-locked-down-ahead-of-the-arrival-of-united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-ru.md) _Context: Donald Rumsfeld_
8. [ Conflict in Iraq: At least 20 people are killed in Baghdad as United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld tours the country for a day. ](/news/2005/02/11/conflict-in-iraq-at-least-20-people-are-killed-in-baghdad-as-united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-tours-the-country-for-a-da.md) _Context: Donald Rumsfeld_
9. [ U.S. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld cancels his attendance at the Munich Security Conference in February due to a war crimes investigation filed against him in Germany by the New York-based Center for Constitutional Rights in connection with detainee abuses at Iraq's Abu Ghraib prison. ](/news/2005/01/22/u-s-defense-secretary-donald-rumsfeld-cancels-his-attendance-at-the-munich-security-conference-in-february-due-to-a-war-crimes-investigati.md) _Context: Donald Rumsfeld_
10. [ The Washington Post alleges that the Pentagon is running a military organization known as the Strategic Support Branch which is under the direct control of U.S. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld. Allegedly it is used to bypass the limitations of working with the Central Intelligence Agency. The Pentagon stated "There is no unit that is directly reportable to the secretary of defense for clandestine operations" and the department "is not attempting to 'bend' statutes to fit desired activities". ](/news/2005/01/22/the-washington-post-alleges-that-the-pentagon-is-running-a-military-organization-known-as-the-strategic-support-branch-which-is-under-the-d.md) _Context: Donald Rumsfeld_
