### [2011-08-4](/news/2011/08/4/index.md)

# The Japanese government led by Prime Minister Naoto Kan announces that it is firing three senior bureaucrats responsible for nuclear energy policy as a result of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster earlier this year. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/asia-pacific/japan-fires-several-senior-nuclear-officials-tries-to-quell-scandals/2011/08/03/gIQAzCOBtI_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Prime Minister of Japan Naoto Kan tells a news conference of his plans to wean the country off nuclear energy after the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. ](/news/2011/07/13/prime-minister-of-japan-naoto-kan-tells-a-news-conference-of-his-plans-to-wean-the-country-off-nuclear-energy-after-the-fukushima-daiichi-nu.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, Naoto Kan, Prime Minister_
2. [Japan's emperor and prime minister attend a memorial service marking the fifth anniversary of the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami in which 15,894 people died and caused the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster.  Many people remain displaced and recovery efforts are ongoing. ](/news/2016/03/11/japanas-emperor-and-prime-minister-attend-a-memorial-service-marking-the-fifth-anniversary-of-the-2011-tahoku-earthquake-and-tsunami-in-w.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, Prime Minister_
3. [Reuters reports Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Philippine President Benigno Aquino are set to agree on a deal paving the way for Tokyo to directly supply Manila with used military equipment. An announcement is expected this week during the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) summit in Manila. ](/news/2015/11/15/reuters-reports-japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-and-philippine-president-benigno-aquino-are-set-to-agree-on-a-deal-paving-the-way-for-to.md) _Context: Japanese government, Prime Minister_
4. [The government of Prime Minister Shinzo Abe moves to enact legislation allowing the Japan Self-Defense Forces to serve overseas. Yesterday, fist-fights erupted in the parliament over this legislation. ](/news/2015/09/18/the-government-of-prime-minister-shinzo-abe-moves-to-enact-legislation-allowing-the-japan-self-defense-forces-to-serve-overseas-yesterday.md) _Context: Japanese government, Prime Minister_
5. [Human Rights Watch claims that the Government of Japan has been too slow in providing health care to survivors of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. ](/news/2012/03/6/human-rights-watch-claims-that-the-government-of-japan-has-been-too-slow-in-providing-health-care-to-survivors-of-the-fukushima-daiichi-nucl.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, Japanese government_
6. [A report by the Rebuild Japan Initiative Foundation claims that the Japanese government considered the evacuation of Tokyo during the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. ](/news/2012/02/27/a-report-by-the-rebuild-japan-initiative-foundation-claims-that-the-japanese-government-considered-the-evacuation-of-tokyo-during-the-fukush.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, Japanese government_
7. [New Japanese Prime Minister:The Cabinet of former Prime Minister of Japan Naoto Kan resigns en masse following the election of Yoshihiko Noda as the presumptive Prime Minister. ](/news/2011/08/30/new-japanese-prime-minister-pthe-cabinet-of-former-prime-minister-of-japan-naoto-kan-resigns-en-masse-following-the-election-of-yoshihiko-no.md) _Context: Naoto Kan, Prime Minister_
8. [The ruling Democratic Party of Japan selects a replacement for Naoto Kan as party leader and Prime Minister of Japan with current Minister of Finance Yoshihiko Noda winning the ballot. ](/news/2011/08/29/the-ruling-democratic-party-of-japan-selects-a-replacement-for-naoto-kan-as-party-leader-and-prime-minister-of-japan-with-current-minister-o.md) _Context: Naoto Kan, Prime Minister_
9. [Naoto Kan announces his resignation as Prime Minister of Japan after the Parliament passes two key pieces of legislation. ](/news/2011/08/26/naoto-kan-announces-his-resignation-as-prime-minister-of-japan-after-the-parliament-passes-two-key-pieces-of-legislation.md) _Context: Naoto Kan, Prime Minister_
10. [Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster:The Government of Japan submits a report to the International Atomic Energy Agency calling for revision of nuclear reactor design standards in the wake of the disaster.](/news/2011/06/9/fukushima-daiichi-nuclear-disaster-pthe-government-of-japan-submits-a-report-to-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-calling-for-revision.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, Japanese government_
