### [2007-09-4](/news/2007/09/4/index.md)

#  A spokesman for Idaho Senator Larry Craig indicates that the Senator is rethinking his decision to resign following his plea of guilty to "disorderly conduct" charges in Minneapolis. 

Senator Larry E. Craig of Idaho, who announced on Saturday that he would resign, may still fight for his seat.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2007/09/05/washington/05charge.html?ex=1346644800&en=fb88aabaa2185e43&ei=5088&partner=rssnyt&emc=rss)

### Related:

1. [ Lawyers for U.S. Senator Larry Craig (R-ID) ask the Senate Select Committee on Ethics to reject a complaint following a guilty plea to disorderly conduct charges in Minneapolis. The Ethics Committee rejects his plea. ](/news/2007/09/5/lawyers-for-u-s-senator-larry-craig-r-id-ask-the-senate-select-committee-on-ethics-to-reject-a-complaint-following-a-guilty-plea-to-diso.md) _Context: Idaho, Larry Craig, Minneapolis's, United States senators_
2. [ Republican Party Senator Larry Craig from Idaho vows to serve out his term in the United States Senate despite losing a court bid to rescind a guilty plea for an indecent act in a Minneapolis Airport men's room. ](/news/2007/10/4/republican-party-senator-larry-craig-from-idaho-vows-to-serve-out-his-term-in-the-united-states-senate-despite-losing-a-court-bid-to-rescin.md) _Context: Idaho, Larry Craig, United States senators_
3. [ Idaho Republican Senator Larry Craig resigns from the United States Senate effective 30 September following a guilty plea to a disorderly conduct charge following his arrest in a restroom at the Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport. (Wikinews)](/news/2007/09/1/idaho-republican-senator-larry-craig-resigns-from-the-united-states-senate-effective-30-september-following-a-guilty-plea-to-a-disorderly-c.md) _Context: Idaho, Larry Craig, United States senators_
4. [ The United States Senate Republican Party leadership requests that Senator Larry Craig of Idaho stand aside from his Senate committees until the United States Senate Select Committee on Ethics makes a ruling on his situation. Senator Craig agrees. ](/news/2007/08/29/the-united-states-senate-republican-party-leadership-requests-that-senator-larry-craig-of-idaho-stand-aside-from-his-senate-committees-unti.md) _Context: Idaho, Larry Craig, United States senators_
5. [ U.S. Senator Larry Craig (R-Idaho) is revealed to have pleaded guilty on August 8 to a charge of disorderly conduct at the Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport. ](/news/2007/08/27/u-s-senator-larry-craig-r-idaho-is-revealed-to-have-pleaded-guilty-on-august-8-to-a-charge-of-disorderly-conduct-at-the-minneapolis-st.md) _Context: Idaho, Larry Craig, United States senators_
6. [United States senators Ben Cardin (D-MD) and Marco Rubio (R-FL) file a bill restricting arms sales to the Philippine National Police over its drug war. ](/news/2017/05/5/united-states-senators-ben-cardin-d-md-and-marco-rubio-r-fl-file-a-bill-restricting-arms-sales-to-the-philippine-national-police-over-it.md) _Context: United States senators_
7. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: United States senators_
8. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: United States senators_
9. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: United States senators_
10. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: United States senators_
