### [2007-09-4](/news/2007/09/4/index.md)

#  Bangladesh Nationalist Party Chairperson Khaleda Zia expels party Secretary General Abdul Mannan Bhuiyan and Joint Secretary General Ashraf Hossain accusing breaching party discipline. 




### Related:

1. [A Bangladesh Court issues an arrest warrant, the second one so far, for former Prime Minister Khaleda Zia and 27 opposition Bangladesh Nationalist Party members over political violence, mostly petrol-bomb attacks, that occurred during anti-government protests last year that killed at least 120 people. ](/news/2016/03/30/a-bangladesh-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-the-second-one-so-far-for-former-prime-minister-khaleda-zia-and-27-opposition-bangladesh-natio.md) _Context: Bangladesh Nationalist Party, Khaleda Zia_
2. [Bangladesh executes two former members of parliament, Salahuddin Quader Chowdhury, of the Bangladesh Nationalist Party, and Ali Ahsan Mohammad Mojaheed, of the Jamaat-e-Islami party, who were convicted in 2013 of war crimes committed during the country's 1971 war of independence. ](/news/2015/11/22/bangladesh-executes-two-former-members-of-parliament-salahuddin-quader-chowdhury-of-the-bangladesh-nationalist-party-and-ali-ahsan-mohamm.md) _Context: Bangladesh Nationalist Party_
3. [An arrest warrant is issued for Khaleda Zia, former Prime Minister of Bangladesh, after she fails to show up to face graft charges. ](/news/2015/02/25/an-arrest-warrant-is-issued-for-khaleda-zia-former-prime-minister-of-bangladesh-after-she-fails-to-show-up-to-face-graft-charges.md) _Context: Khaleda Zia_
4. [Bangladeshi police report that two opposition Bangladesh Nationalist Party activists are shot dead in clashes with members of the ruling Awami League in the town of Natore on the first anniversary of disputed general election. ](/news/2015/01/5/bangladeshi-police-report-that-two-opposition-bangladesh-nationalist-party-activists-are-shot-dead-in-clashes-with-members-of-the-ruling-awa.md) _Context: Bangladesh Nationalist Party_
5. [A train derails in the Bangladesh district of Gaibandha as a result of sabotage resulting in at least 3 deaths. Over 60 people have been killed since an opposition Bangladesh Nationalist Party announced a campaign against next months election. ](/news/2013/12/4/a-train-derails-in-the-bangladesh-district-of-gaibandha-as-a-result-of-sabotage-resulting-in-at-least-3-deaths-over-60-people-have-been-kil.md) _Context: Bangladesh Nationalist Party_
6. [Authorities in Bangladesh arrest five leaders of the Opposition Bangladesh Nationalist Party the day before the start of a nationwide strike. ](/news/2013/11/9/authorities-in-bangladesh-arrest-five-leaders-of-the-opposition-bangladesh-nationalist-party-the-day-before-the-start-of-a-nationwide-strike.md) _Context: Bangladesh Nationalist Party_
7. [Opposition activists from the Bangladesh Nationalist Party and its allies detonate small homemade bombs and set fire to several vehicles in the latest anti-government protest to hit Dhaka, Bangladesh. ](/news/2013/04/2/opposition-activists-from-the-bangladesh-nationalist-party-and-its-allies-detonate-small-homemade-bombs-and-set-fire-to-several-vehicles-in.md) _Context: Bangladesh Nationalist Party_
8. [At least three people are killed and 100 injured in clashes between Bangladeshi police and members of the opposition Bangladesh Nationalist Party protesting against the government. ](/news/2012/01/29/at-least-three-people-are-killed-and-100-injured-in-clashes-between-bangladeshi-police-and-members-of-the-opposition-bangladesh-nationalist.md) _Context: Bangladesh Nationalist Party_
9. [A nationwide strike takes place in Bangladesh after former Prime Minister Khaleda Zia was evicted from her home. ](/news/2010/11/14/a-nationwide-strike-takes-place-in-bangladesh-after-former-prime-minister-khaleda-zia-was-evicted-from-her-home.md) _Context: Khaleda Zia_
10. [Police and protesters clash in the Bangladeshi capital Dhaka over the authorities' bid to evict opposition leader Khaleda Zia from her home. ](/news/2010/11/13/police-and-protesters-clash-in-the-bangladeshi-capital-dhaka-over-the-authorities-bid-to-evict-opposition-leader-khaleda-zia-from-her-home.md) _Context: Khaleda Zia_
