### [2016-04-20](/news/2016/04/20/index.md)

# A women's rights group files a lawsuit in the Philippine Commission on Human Rights against Rodrigo Duterte for his rape remarks. 




### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2016/04/20/world/asia/ap-as-philippines-rape-remark.html?post_id=819882328064898_975192689200527#_=_)

### Related:

1. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte tells soldiers fighting in Mindanao, where he proclaimed martial law earlier this week, that he will accept responsibility for abuses they commit, and jokes that "[i]f you had raped three, I will admit it, that's on me." ](/news/2017/05/27/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-tells-soldiers-fighting-in-mindanao-where-he-proclaimed-martial-law-earlier-this-week-that-he.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, rape_
2. [The Commission on Human Rights launches an investigation into alleged murders committed by current Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte. ](/news/2016/12/22/the-commission-on-human-rights-launches-an-investigation-into-alleged-murders-committed-by-current-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte.md) _Context: Commission on Human Rights, Rodrigo Duterte_
3. [Australia-Philippines relations,  Presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte said that Australia and the United States should go ahead and cut their ties with the Philippines if he was elected president, following critical comments of their ambassadors on his rape remarks. ](/news/2016/04/21/australia-philippines-relations-presidential-candidate-rodrigo-duterte-said-that-australia-and-the-united-states-should-go-ahead-and-cut-t.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, rape_
4. [Philippine presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte reneges on his apology and denies a statement by his party, PDP-Laban, which said he was sorry for his rape comments. ](/news/2016/04/20/philippine-presidential-candidate-rodrigo-duterte-reneges-on-his-apology-and-denies-a-statement-by-his-party-pdp-laban-which-said-he-was-s.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, rape_
5. [Rodrigo Duterte apologizes for making remarks about rape. ](/news/2016/04/19/rodrigo-duterte-apologizes-for-making-remarks-about-rape.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, rape_
6. [Presidential frontrunner Rodrigo Duterte jokes about an Australian woman being raped and murdered in Davao City. ](/news/2016/04/17/presidential-frontrunner-rodrigo-duterte-jokes-about-an-australian-woman-being-raped-and-murdered-in-davao-city.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte, rape_
7. [Human Rights Watch and the Philippine  Commission on Human Rights condemn the murders of an indigenous Lumad family and the rape of an indigenous Manobo girl by soldiers and militiamen of the Philippine Army under the guise of fighting a communist rebellion. ](/news/2015/09/9/human-rights-watch-and-the-philippine-commission-on-human-rights-condemn-the-murders-of-an-indigenous-lumad-family-and-the-rape-of-an-indig.md) _Context: Commission on Human Rights, rape_
8. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-law-in-the-whole-philippines-two.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
9. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte is planning to seek the approval of the Congress of the Philippines to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao in response to the Marawi crisis) until the end of 2017. According to the 1987 revision of the Constitution, under Section 18 of Article VII, any martial law proclamation should not exceed a period of 60 days (Proclamation No. 216 officially ends on 22 July); and upon the initiative of the President, Congress (voting jointly, by a vote of at least a majority of all its Members in regular or special session) may extend the proclamation for a period to be determined by Congress, if the current situation still persists and public safety requires it. ](/news/2017/07/18/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-is-planning-to-seek-the-approval-of-the-congress-of-the-philippines-to-extend-proclamation-no.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
10. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte threatens the ''Philippine Daily Inquirer'' with an expose. The newspaper has been a long-time ally of the politically prominent Aquino family (ever since the 1986 EDSA People Power Revolution), as well as the minority opposition Liberal Party (of which the Vice President of the Philippines Leni Robredo is its prominent member); both have been consistent in their criticisms of the Duterty presidency and its policies since its inauguration in 2016. ](/news/2017/07/1/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-the-philippine-daily-inquirer-with-an-exposa-c-the-newspaper-has-been-a-long-time.md) _Context: Rodrigo Duterte_
