### [2016-04-20](/news/2016/04/20/index.md)

# In a letter to the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists, the United States Department of Justice announces it is opening a criminal investigation into tax avoidance schemes exposed by the Panama Papers with U.S. attorney Preet Bharara asking the ICIJ for help. 

The US Justice Department opens a criminal investigation into tax avoidance schemes exposed by the Panama Papers.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/business-36091549)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/15042/production/_89328068_gettyimages-521065198.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The United States Department of Justice has requested Moscow-based Russian media channel RT America to register as a foreign lobbying firm in the United States. ](/news/2017/09/12/the-united-states-department-of-justice-has-requested-moscow-based-russian-media-channel-rt-america-to-register-as-a-foreign-lobbying-firm-i.md) _Context: United States, United States Department of Justice_
2. [The Panama Papers go online at the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists website. ](/news/2016/05/9/the-panama-papers-go-online-at-the-international-consortium-of-investigative-journalists-website.md) _Context: International Consortium of Investigative Journalists, Panama Papers_
3. [The United States Education and Justice Departments advise U.S. public school districts across the country to allow transgender students to use the bathrooms that match their gender identity, rather than their gender at birth. The new guidance comes as Justice and North Carolina battle in federal court over the state's new so-called bathroom bill. ](/news/2016/05/13/the-united-states-education-and-justice-departments-advise-u-s-public-school-districts-across-the-country-to-allow-transgender-students-to.md) _Context: United States, United States Department of Justice_
4. [The United States Department of Justice charges five Chinese military officers with hacking into private-sector American companies in a bid for competitive advantage. ](/news/2014/05/19/the-united-states-department-of-justice-charges-five-chinese-military-officers-with-hacking-into-private-sector-american-companies-in-a-bid.md) _Context: United States, United States Department of Justice_
5. [The United States Justice Department joins a lawsuit against cyclist Lance Armstrong for allegedly defrauding the United States Postal Service by using money from it to buy performance-enhancing drugs. ](/news/2013/02/22/the-united-states-justice-department-joins-a-lawsuit-against-cyclist-lance-armstrong-for-allegedly-defrauding-the-united-states-postal-servi.md) _Context: United States, United States Department of Justice_
6. [ The United States Department of Justice and the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) launch a joint inquiry into the destruction of two CIA tapes of the interrogation of two suspected al-Qaeda terrorists. ](/news/2007/12/8/the-united-states-department-of-justice-and-the-central-intelligence-agency-cia-launch-a-joint-inquiry-into-the-destruction-of-two-cia-ta.md) _Context: United States, United States Department of Justice_
7. [ A United States Appeals Court in Cincinnati, Ohio rules that the U.S. government can continue to use its warrantless domestic wiretap program pending the Justice Department's appeal of a federal judge's ruling outlawing the program. ](/news/2006/10/4/a-united-states-appeals-court-in-cincinnati-ohio-rules-that-the-u-s-government-can-continue-to-use-its-warrantless-domestic-wiretap-progr.md) _Context: United States, United States Department of Justice_
8. [The U.S. Justice Department announces Roman Seleznev, the son of Russian parliament member Valery Seleznev, pleaded guilty in a $50 million identity theft probe. This past April, Roman Seleznev was sentenced to 27 years in prison on 38 counts of hacking crimes. ](/news/2017/09/8/the-u-s-justice-department-announces-roman-seleznev-the-son-of-russian-parliament-member-valery-seleznev-pleaded-guilty-in-a-50-million.md) _Context: United States Department of Justice_
9. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: United States_
10. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: United States_
