### [2016-04-20](/news/2016/04/20/index.md)

# NATO reopens informal talks with Russia for the first time in nearly two years. According to the Secretary General of NATO Jens Stoltenberg "NATO and Russia have profound and persistent disagreements, today's meeting did not change that." 

NATO has reopened informal talks with Russia for the first time in nearly two years. Diplomats met for over 90 minutes to discuss Ukraine and the


### Source:

1. [Euronews](http://www.euronews.com/2016/04/20/nato-russia-council-holds-talks-after-two-years/)

### Related:

1. [Russia deploys its S-400 missile system in Kaliningrad, an exclave between Poland and Lithuania, in response to "NATO expansion" near its borders. The United States criticizes the move as "destabilizing" to Europe. Russia announced the planned deployment over a decade ago. ](/news/2016/11/21/russia-deploys-its-s-400-missile-system-in-kaliningrad-an-exclave-between-poland-and-lithuania-in-response-to-nato-expansion-near-its-bo.md) _Context: NATO, NATO-Russia relations, Russia_
2. [Russia withdraws a request to refuel three of its warships, including the flagship of the Russian Navy, "Admiral Kuznetsov", en route to Syria, at the Spanish port of Ceuta following NATO pressure on the Spanish government to not allow the warships to dock. ](/news/2016/10/26/russia-withdraws-a-request-to-refuel-three-of-its-warships-including-the-flagship-of-the-russian-navy-admiral-kuznetsov-en-route-to-syr.md) _Context: NATO, NATO-Russia relations, Russia_
3. [NATO announces it will hold a meeting of the NATO-Russia Council at the ambassadorial level at NATO headquarters in Brussels in the next two weeks after a two-year break since NATO cut all practical cooperation with Russia in 2014. ](/news/2016/04/8/nato-announces-it-will-hold-a-meeting-of-the-natoarussia-council-at-the-ambassadorial-level-at-nato-headquarters-in-brussels-in-the-next-t.md) _Context: NATO, NATO-Russia relations, Russia_
4. [Polish Foreign Minister Witold Waszczykowski, during a visit to Slovakia for talks on the future of NATO, says Russia is more dangerous than the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). "By all evidence, Russia's activity is a sort of existential threat because this activity can destroy countries," Waszczykowski told reporters in Bratislava. He described ISIL as a very serious threat but said "it is not an existential threat for Europe". ](/news/2016/04/15/polish-foreign-minister-witold-waszczykowski-during-a-visit-to-slovakia-for-talks-on-the-future-of-nato-says-russia-is-more-dangerous-than.md) _Context: NATO, NATO-Russia relations, Russia_
5. [Russia announces it will deploy state-of-the art missile defense systems to the far eastern Kuril Islands where they and Japan have rival territorial claims dating to the end of the Second World War. Russian Defence Minister Sergey Shoygu also says that Russia will form new defence units in the country's Western Military District in response to NATO's recent deployment of forces to member states near its border. ](/news/2016/03/25/russia-announces-it-will-deploy-state-of-the-art-missile-defense-systems-to-the-far-eastern-kuril-islands-where-they-and-japan-have-rival-te.md) _Context: NATO, NATO-Russia relations, Russia_
6. [At the 52nd Munich Security Conference in Germany, NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg says that NATO and Russia are "not in a cold-war situation but also not in the partnership that we established at the end of the Cold War" while the Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev says tensions between Russia and NATO have sent the world spiralling into a "new Cold War", blaming U.S. and European leaders for the souring of relations with Russia. He also rejected accusations that Russian warplanes have bombed civilians in Syria, saying it is "just not true". ](/news/2016/02/13/at-the-52nd-munich-security-conference-in-germany-nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-says-that-nato-and-russia-are-not-in-a-cold-war.md) _Context: Jens Stoltenberg, NATO, Russia_
7. [NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg announces the invitation sent to Montenegro to join the military alliance, 16 years after the country, as part of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, was bombed by the alliance in the Kosovo War. Montenegro's accession would result in "retaliatory actions", according to a spokesman for Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2015/12/2/nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-announces-the-invitation-sent-to-montenegro-to-join-the-military-alliance-16-years-after-the-countr.md) _Context: Jens Stoltenberg, NATO, Russia_
8. [NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg says Russia's pair of violations of Turkish airspace over the weekend do not look like accidents. Russia, which said it's looking into claims of a second violation, reported the first violation lasted a few seconds and was due to poor weather. ](/news/2015/10/6/nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-says-russia-s-pair-of-violations-of-turkish-airspace-over-the-weekend-do-not-look-like-accidents-ru.md) _Context: Jens Stoltenberg, Russia, Secretary General of NATO_
9. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
10. [Russian Special Envoy to Afghanistan Zamir Kabulov denies allegations by NATO Commander Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti that Russia was "perhaps" supplying the Taliban. ](/news/2017/03/24/russian-special-envoy-to-afghanistan-zamir-kabulov-denies-allegations-by-nato-commander-gen-curtis-scaparrotti-that-russia-was-perhaps-su.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
