### [2016-04-20](/news/2016/04/20/index.md)

# Pakistani Taliban militants, in two attacks, kill seven police officers who were guarding medical workers administering polio vaccinations in Karachi. 

Group claims its gunmen carried out the two separate attacks in Karachi but officials say medical teams were not targeted


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/apr/20/pakistani-taliban-kill-seven-policemen-guarding-polio-workers)

### Related:

1. [The Pakistan Air Force conducts bombing raids against Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan positions in the Tirah region killing at least 15 militants in response to the Jinnah International Airport attack in Karachi. ](/news/2014/06/10/the-pakistan-air-force-conducts-bombing-raids-against-tehrik-i-taliban-pakistan-positions-in-the-tirah-region-killing-at-least-15-militants.md) _Context: Karachi, Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, War in North-West Pakistan_
2. [War in North-West Pakistan:The Pakistani Taliban claims responsibility for a grenade attack on a vehicle which killed four security officers and wounded seven others in Karachi. ](/news/2013/04/4/war-in-north-west-pakistan-pthe-pakistani-taliban-claims-responsibility-for-a-grenade-attack-on-a-vehicle-which-killed-four-security-officer.md) _Context: Karachi, Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, War in North-West Pakistan_
3. [War in North-West Pakistan:A bomb attack by the Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan on a Awami National Party office in Karachi kills at least ten people and injures 25. ](/news/2013/04/27/war-in-north-west-pakistan-pa-bomb-attack-by-the-tehrik-i-taliban-pakistan-on-a-awami-national-party-office-in-karachi-kills-at-least-ten-pe.md) _Context: Karachi, Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, War in North-West Pakistan_
4. [Gunmen raid a Pakistani military post near the border with Afghanistan, killing at least eight people. Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, a faction of Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, claim responsibility. ](/news/2017/03/17/gunmen-raid-a-pakistani-military-post-near-the-border-with-afghanistan-killing-at-least-eight-people-jamaat-ul-ahrar-a-faction-of-tehrik.md) _Context: Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, War in North-West Pakistan_
5. [ A Pakistani police officer accidentally detonates a grenade in an anti-terrorism court in Karachi, injuring himself and a court assistant. The officer was attempting to demonstrate a grenade detonator to a judge and said the grenade was defused before pulling the pin. ](/news/2016/04/12/a-pakistani-police-officer-accidentally-detonates-a-grenade-in-an-anti-terrorism-court-in-karachi-injuring-himself-and-a-court-assistant.md) _Context: Karachi, Pakistani police_
6. [A Taliban suicide bomber hits a court complex in the town of Shabqadar killing at least 13 people and injuring 36.  Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, a  Pakistani Taliban faction, says the attack is retaliation for Mumtaz Qadri's execution last week. ](/news/2016/03/7/a-taliban-suicide-bomber-hits-a-court-complex-in-the-town-of-shabqadar-killing-at-least-13-people-and-injuring-36-jamaat-ul-ahrar-a-paki.md) _Context: Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, War in North-West Pakistan_
7. [A suicide-bomb attack outside the regional office of the National Database and Registration Authority (NADRA) in the northwestern Pakistani city of Mardan, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, leaves at least 26 people dead and 45 wounded. The militant Islamist group Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, a Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan splinter group, claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2015/12/29/a-suicide-bomb-attack-outside-the-regional-office-of-the-national-database-and-registration-authority-nadra-in-the-northwestern-pakistani.md) _Context: Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, War in North-West Pakistan_
8. [The Pakistan Army claims to have killed 80 Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan fighters in fighting in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa in recent days while the Taliban claims to have killed at least six soldiers. ](/news/2015/03/22/the-pakistan-army-claims-to-have-killed-80-tehrik-i-taliban-pakistan-fighters-in-fighting-in-khyber-pakhtunkhwa-in-recent-days-while-the-tal.md) _Context: Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, War in North-West Pakistan_
9. [Pakistan announces the arrest of twelve Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan in relation to their alleged involvement in last year's school massacre. ](/news/2015/02/13/pakistan-announces-the-arrest-of-twelve-tehrik-i-taliban-pakistan-in-relation-to-their-alleged-involvement-in-last-year-s-school-massacre.md) _Context: Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, War in North-West Pakistan_
10. [The Pakistan Armed Forces attacks two Pakistani Taliban positions near Peshawar, killing 5 militants. ](/news/2014/12/20/the-pakistan-armed-forces-attacks-two-pakistani-taliban-positions-near-peshawar-killing-5-militants.md) _Context: Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, War in North-West Pakistan_
