### [2016-04-20](/news/2016/04/20/index.md)

# Panama Papers: In a letter to the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists, the United States Department of Justice announces it is opening a criminal investigation into tax avoidance schemes exposed by the Panama Papers with U.S. attorney Preet Bharara asking the ICIJ for help. 

The US Justice Department opens a criminal investigation into tax avoidance schemes exposed by the Panama Papers.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/business-36091549)

### Related:

1. [Panama Papers: The Panama Papers go online at the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists website. ](/news/2016/05/9/panama-papers-the-panama-papers-go-online-at-the-international-consortium-of-investigative-journalists-website.md) _Context: International Consortium of Investigative Journalists, Panama Papers_
2. [The United States Education and Justice Departments advise U.S. public school districts across the country to allow transgender students to use the bathrooms that match their gender identity, rather than their gender at birth. The new guidance comes as Justice and North Carolina battle in federal court over the state's new so-called bathroom bill. ](/news/2016/05/13/the-united-states-education-and-justice-departments-advise-u-s-public-school-districts-across-the-country-to-allow-transgender-students-to.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice, United States_
3. [China-United States relations:: The United States Department of Justice charges five Chinese military officers with hacking into private-sector American companies in a bid for competitive advantage. ](/news/2014/05/19/china-united-states-relations-the-united-states-department-of-justice-charges-five-chinese-military-officers-with-hacking-into-private-s.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice, United States_
4. [The United States Justice Department joins a lawsuit against cyclist Lance Armstrong for allegedly defrauding the United States Postal Service by using money from it to buy performance-enhancing drugs. ](/news/2013/02/22/the-united-states-justice-department-joins-a-lawsuit-against-cyclist-lance-armstrong-for-allegedly-defrauding-the-united-states-postal-servi.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice, United States_
5. [ The United States Department of Justice and the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) launch a joint inquiry into the destruction of two CIA tapes of the interrogation of two suspected al-Qaeda terrorists. ](/news/2007/12/8/the-united-states-department-of-justice-and-the-central-intelligence-agency-cia-launch-a-joint-inquiry-into-the-destruction-of-two-cia-ta.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice, United States_
6. [ A United States Appeals Court in Cincinnati, Ohio rules that the U.S. government can continue to use its warrantless domestic wiretap program pending the Justice Department's appeal of a federal judge's ruling outlawing the program. ](/news/2006/10/4/a-united-states-appeals-court-in-cincinnati-ohio-rules-that-the-u-s-government-can-continue-to-use-its-warrantless-domestic-wiretap-progr.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice, United States_
7. [115th United States Congress: U.S. lawmakers break for summer recess. ](/news/2017/08/3/115th-united-states-congress-u-s-lawmakers-break-for-summer-recess.md) _Context: United States_
8. [Solar eclipse of August 21, 2017: Millions of United States residents and visitors are able to witness a total solar eclipse that crosses through North America. It is the first total solar eclipse visible across the entire contiguous United States since the solar eclipse of June 8, 1918. ](/news/2017/08/21/solar-eclipse-of-august-21-2017-millions-of-united-states-residents-and-visitors-are-able-to-witness-a-total-solar-eclipse-that-crosses-th.md) _Context: United States_
9. [Immigration policy of Donald Trump: United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the RAISE Act, a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. ](/news/2017/08/2/immigration-policy-of-donald-trump-united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-ra.md) _Context: United States_
10. [Gene editing: Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos. ](/news/2017/08/2/gene-editing-teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece.md) _Context: United States_
