### [2016-04-20](/news/2016/04/20/index.md)

# The Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) and the United States agree to carry out joint naval patrols to prevent Iranian arms shipments reaching Yemen, the Gulf bloc's secretary general Abdullatif bin Rashid Al Zayani said on Wednesday, following a meeting with United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. Iran denies it supplies weapons to the Houthis in Yemen. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-gulf-carter-patrols-idUSKCN0XH0Y2)

### Related:

1. [U.S. B-2 stealth bombers strike two ISIL camps, south of the city of Sirte, Libya, killing more than 80 militants, according to United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. ](/news/2017/01/19/u-s-b-2-stealth-bombers-strike-two-isil-camps-south-of-the-city-of-sirte-libya-killing-more-than-80-militants-according-to-united-state.md) _Context: Ash Carter, Secretary of Defense, U.S._
2. [The United States Navy's destroyer USS ''Mason'' comes under missile attack in the Red Sea, off the coast of Yemen. The two missiles, fired from Yemeni territory controlled by Iranian-backed Houthis, impacted the water well before reaching the ship, according to Pentagon spokesman Captain Jeff Davis. ](/news/2016/10/9/the-united-states-navy-s-destroyer-uss-mason-comes-under-missile-attack-in-the-red-sea-off-the-coast-of-yemen-the-two-missiles-fired.md) _Context: Houthi, Iran, Yemen's_
3. [The United States and the United Kingdom call for, "within hours," an immediate and unconditional ceasefire in Yemen to end the violence following last week's Saudi airstrikes, based on bad information, that killed around 140 people. ](/news/2016/10/16/the-united-states-and-the-united-kingdom-call-for-within-hours-an-immediate-and-unconditional-ceasefire-in-yemen-to-end-the-violence-fol.md) _Context: U.S., Yemen's, Yemeni Crisis_
4. [The Obama administration through the U.S. Defense Department says it will take appropriate action against those responsible for October 9 unsuccessful cruise missile attack, apparently fired from Houthi-controlled territory in Yemen, upon the USS Mason. ](/news/2016/10/11/the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-defense-department-says-it-will-take-appropriate-action-against-those-responsible-for-october-9-un.md) _Context: Houthi, Yemen's, Yemeni Crisis_
5. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Gulf Cooperation Council, Iran, U.S._
6. [During a visit to Baghdad, U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter announces  that the United States will be sending more troops to the country to help in the fight against ISIL. The U.S. also plans to give Kurdish Peshmerga forces, which are fighting ISIL on the ground, more than $400m (PS280m; EUR350m) in assistance. ](/news/2016/04/18/during-a-visit-to-baghdad-u-s-defense-secretary-ash-carter-announces-that-the-united-states-will-be-sending-more-troops-to-the-country-to.md) _Context: Ash Carter, Secretary of Defense, U.S._
7. [Iraqi Defense Minister Khaled al-Obaidi updates the death toll from Friday's friendly fire airstrike near Fallujah to 10, one officer and nine soldiers. U.S. Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter says it appears an American jet conducted the strike. Carter called Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi  to express condolences. ](/news/2015/12/19/iraqi-defense-minister-khaled-al-obaidi-updates-the-death-toll-from-friday-s-friendly-fire-airstrike-near-fallujah-to-10-one-officer-and-ni.md) _Context: Ash Carter, Secretary of Defense, U.S._
8. [A major push by Yemen-based Houthi forces into the kingdom's southern Najran Region kills dozens of Houthi fighters. The Houthi-run Saba News Agency says that Houthi fighters have seized three Saudi military outposts near the city of Najran, destroying several armored vehicles, including two U.S.-made M1 Abrams tanks and three Bradley vehicles. ](/news/2015/12/1/a-major-push-by-yemen-based-houthi-forces-into-the-kingdom-s-southern-najran-region-kills-dozens-of-houthi-fighters-the-houthi-run-saba-new.md) _Context: Houthi, U.S., Yemen's_
9. [An Iranian fishing boat loaded with weapons, including rockets and anti-tank shells, is intercepted and seized in the Arabian Sea, 150 miles southeast of the Omani Port of Salalah, by Arab coalition forces. Saudi Arabia has previously accused Iran of supplying weapons to Houthi militants in Yemen. ](/news/2015/09/30/an-iranian-fishing-boat-loaded-with-weapons-including-rockets-and-anti-tank-shells-is-intercepted-and-seized-in-the-arabian-sea-150-miles.md) _Context: Houthi, Iran, Yemen's_
10. [The United Nations Security Council meets to discuss the deteriorating security situation in Yemen as the United States removes all remaining personnel. ](/news/2015/03/22/the-united-nations-security-council-meets-to-discuss-the-deteriorating-security-situation-in-yemen-as-the-united-states-removes-all-remainin.md) _Context: U.S., Yemen's, Yemeni Crisis_
