### [2016-04-20](/news/2016/04/20/index.md)

# The U.S. state of Utah declares pornography a "public health risk" in a move Governor of Utah Gary Herbert says is to "protect our families and our young people". The bill, signed by the governor, does not ban pornography in the state but does call for greater "efforts to prevent pornography exposure and addiction". 

The mainly Mormon US state of Utah becomes the first to declare pornography to be a public health risk.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-36088194)

### Related:

1. [U.S. federal health officials are investigating an outbreak of deadly E. coli bacteria that has sickened 19 people in California, Colorado, Missouri, Montana, Utah, Virginia, and Washington. Preliminary evidence suggests that rotisserie chicken salad made and sold in Costco Wholesale stores is the likely source. This follows a totally unrelated outbreak earlier this month connected to Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurants. Those restaurants have been cleaned, new ingredients ordered, and have been reopened. The Costco E. coli 157 strain, which has caused five people to be hospitalized- two of which developed hemolytic uremic syndrome (HUS; which can readily lead to acute renal failure and sepsis), is more dangerous than the Chipotle E. coli 026 strain, though there have been no deaths yet. ](/news/2015/11/24/u-s-federal-health-officials-are-investigating-an-outbreak-of-deadly-e-coli-bacteria-that-has-sickened-19-people-in-california-colorado.md) _Context: United States, Utah_
2. [The death toll rises to 16 from this week's flash flood along the  Utah - Arizona border in the United States. ](/news/2015/09/16/the-death-toll-rises-to-16-from-this-week-s-flash-flood-along-the-utah-a-arizona-border-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: United States, Utah_
3. [Same-sex marriage becomes legal in the U.S. state of Utah, and gay couples begin receiving marriage licenses, after a federal judge strikes down a provision of the Utah Constitution. ](/news/2013/12/20/same-sex-marriage-becomes-legal-in-the-u-s-state-of-utah-and-gay-couples-begin-receiving-marriage-licenses-after-a-federal-judge-strikes.md) _Context: United States, Utah_
4. [Three people are killed in a drug-related shooting in a house in Midvale, Utah, United States. ](/news/2013/02/12/three-people-are-killed-in-a-drug-related-shooting-in-a-house-in-midvale-utah-united-states.md) _Context: United States, Utah_
5. [An autopsy finds that the death of United States actor Gary Coleman in Salt Lake City, Utah was an accident. ](/news/2010/10/6/an-autopsy-finds-that-the-death-of-united-states-actor-gary-coleman-in-salt-lake-city-utah-was-an-accident.md) _Context: United States, Utah_
6. [The summit announces it is unable to gain agreement on climate change between the United States and the other 19 members of this international forum. ](/news/2017/07/8/the-summit-announces-it-is-unable-to-gain-agreement-on-climate-change-between-the-united-states-and-the-other-19-members-of-this-internation.md) _Context: United States_
7. [The United States extends the restrictions deadline for refugees. ](/news/2017/07/5/the-united-states-extends-the-restrictions-deadline-for-refugees.md) _Context: United States_
8. [In a speech through Congress,  Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte asks the United States to return the iconic Balangiga bells taken during the Philippine-American War. ](/news/2017/07/24/in-a-speech-through-congress-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-asks-the-united-states-to-return-the-iconic-balangiga-bells-taken-during.md) _Context: United States_
9. [Nine men are found dead inside a tractor-trailer parked outside a Walmart store in the American city of San Antonio, Texas, in what authorities call a case of "ruthless" human trafficking. Thirty people,  many in critical condition and suffering from heat stroke and exhaustion, were removed from the non-air conditioned trailer which also lacked a water supply. ](/news/2017/07/23/nine-men-are-found-dead-inside-a-tractor-trailer-parked-outside-a-walmart-store-in-the-american-city-of-san-antonio-texas-in-what-authorit.md) _Context: United States_
10. [Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C.  A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in-the-first-global-robotics-co.md) _Context: United States_
