### [2016-04-20](/news/2016/04/20/index.md)

# The United States Supreme Court rules that almost $2 billion in frozen Iranian assets must be turned over to American families of people killed in attacks blamed on Iran, including the 1983 bombing of a U.S. Marine Corps barracks in Beirut, Lebanon. 

The U.S. Supreme Court on Wednesday ruled that almost $2 billion in frozen Iranian assets must be turned over to American families of people killed in the 1983 bombing of a U.S. Marine Corps barracks in Beirut and other attacks blamed on Iran.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-court-iran-idUSKCN0XH1R6)

### Related:

1. [The Saudi-owned news channel Al Arabiya shuts its offices in Beirut, Lebanon and dismisses 27 employees in a sudden move reflecting tensions between Saudi Arabia and Lebanon-based Hezbollah, which is backed by Iran. Saudi Arabia interpreted Lebanon's lack of public solidarity as a sign that it had become beholden to Hezbollah. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-saudi-owned-news-channel-al-arabiya-shuts-its-offices-in-beirut-lebanon-and-dismisses-27-employees-in-a-sudden-move-reflecting-tensions.md) _Context: Beirut, Iran, Lebanon_
2. [Two suicide bombers target the Iranian embassy in the Lebanese capital Beirut killing at least 23 people. ](/news/2013/11/19/two-suicide-bombers-target-the-iranian-embassy-in-the-lebanese-capital-beirut-killing-at-least-23-people.md) _Context: Beirut, Iran, Lebanon_
3. [ The Kuwaiti newspaper "A-Siasa" reports that Palestinian and international terrorist organizations have decided at a recent Beirut conference to launch a wave of terror attacks against Israeli and Jewish interests worldwide. According to the report, there will also be similar attacks against coalition troops in Iraq and Afghanistan. The conference, which took place at the start of February, was also said to have been attended by senior members of the Syrian, Lebanese and Iranian intelligence services who presented a list of Israeli intelligence officials to be assassinated. Organizations in attendance included: Al-Qaeda, Ansar al-Islam, Hezbollah, Hamas, Islamic Jihad. ](/news/2004/02/19/the-kuwaiti-newspaper-a-siasa-reports-that-palestinian-and-international-terrorist-organizations-have-decided-at-a-recent-beirut-conferen.md) _Context: Beirut, Iran, Lebanon_
4. [The United Arab Emirates (UAE) bans its citizens from traveling to Lebanon, just hours after Saudi Arabia issued a warning to its citizens to leave Lebanon in retaliation for Lebanon choosing to side with Iran in the Iran-Saudi Arabia proxy conflict and Hezbollah's influence on the Lebanese government. ](/news/2016/02/23/the-united-arab-emirates-uae-bans-its-citizens-from-traveling-to-lebanon-just-hours-after-saudi-arabia-issued-a-warning-to-its-citizens-t.md) _Context: Iran, Lebanon_
5. [Bahrain says it has dismantled a terrorist cell allegedly linked to Iran's Revolutionary Guard and Lebanon's Hezbollah. ](/news/2016/01/6/bahrain-says-it-has-dismantled-a-terrorist-cell-allegedly-linked-to-iran-s-revolutionary-guard-and-lebanon-s-hezbollah.md) _Context: Iran, Lebanon_
6. [Lebanon arrests nine people including seven Syrians over the recent Beirut bombings that killed at least 44 people. ](/news/2015/11/15/lebanon-arrests-nine-people-including-seven-syrians-over-the-recent-beirut-bombings-that-killed-at-least-44-people.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon_
7. [A day of mourning is held in Lebanon following two suicide attacks in the capital Beirut which killed at least 43 people. ](/news/2015/11/13/a-day-of-mourning-is-held-in-lebanon-following-two-suicide-attacks-in-the-capital-beirut-which-killed-at-least-43-people.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon_
8. [Lebanese Interior Minister Nouhad Machnouk reports at least 43 people were killed and more than 239 wounded as two, simultaneous suicide bomb blasts hit a Shi'ite community center and a nearby bakery in the Beirut suburb of Bourj el-Barajneh, a section of the Lebanese capital controlled by Hezbollah. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. Machnouk said a third suicide bomber had been killed by one of the explosions before he could detonate his own bomb. The bombers struck as Lebanese lawmakers held a legislative session for the first time in over a year. ](/news/2015/11/12/lebanese-interior-minister-nouhad-machnouk-reports-at-least-43-people-were-killed-and-more-than-239-wounded-as-two-simultaneous-suicide-bom.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon_
9. [Majid al-Majid, the chief of the Abdullah Azzam Brigades militant group that was accused of being responsible for a double suicide bombing in front of the Iranian embassy in Beirut, Lebanon, in November 2013, dies in custody in a military hospital in Beirut. ](/news/2014/01/4/majid-al-majid-the-chief-of-the-abdullah-azzam-brigades-militant-group-that-was-accused-of-being-responsible-for-a-double-suicide-bombing-i.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon_
10. [A bomb detonates at a Hezbollah building in Beirut, Lebanon killing 4 people and wounding 35. ](/news/2014/01/21/a-bomb-detonates-at-a-hezbollah-building-in-beirut-lebanon-killing-4-people-and-wounding-35.md) _Context: Beirut, Lebanon_
