### [2016-04-20](/news/2016/04/20/index.md)

# Ukraine-European Union relations. The European Union proposes offering Ukraine visa-free travel to its members. However, it is still unclear how fast the liberalization process will be dealt with in the European Parliament and European Council, where some EU member states might want to slow down the process. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/content/eu-visa-free-travel-ukraine/27686240.html)

### Related:

1. [Ukraine-European Union relations. Representatives of the European Parliament and European Council sign a document formally granting Ukrainians visa-free travel to the European Union. The visa-free regime is due to enter into force on June 11. ](/news/2017/05/17/ukraine-european-union-relations-representatives-of-the-european-parliament-and-european-council-sign-a-document-formally-granting-ukrain.md) _Context: European Council, European Parliament, European Union, Ukraine, Ukraine-European Union relations_
2. [Ukraine-European Union relations. The European Union's visa-free regime for Ukraine officially enters into force. ](/news/2017/06/11/ukraine-european-union-relations-the-european-union-s-visa-free-regime-for-ukraine-officially-enters-into-force.md) _Context: European Union, Ukraine, Ukraine-European Union relations_
3. [Lawmakers from Ukraine ratify a landmark agreement with the European Union in tandem with a meeting of the European Parliament. ](/news/2014/09/16/lawmakers-from-ukraine-ratify-a-landmark-agreement-with-the-european-union-in-tandem-with-a-meeting-of-the-european-parliament.md) _Context: European Parliament, European Union, Ukraine_
4. [2013 Ukraine pro-European Union protests:. 100,000 people continue their protest against president Yanukovych's decision to back away from stronger ties with the European Union. ](/news/2013/12/1/2013-ukraine-pro-european-union-protests-100-000-people-continue-their-protest-against-president-yanukovych-s-decision-to-back-away-from-s.md) _Context: European Union, Ukraine, Ukraine-European Union relations_
5. [Euromaidan:. More than 100,000 people protest in Kiev, Ukraine, against the decision of Viktor Yanukovych's government to suspend preparations for signing of the association agreement with the European Union under pressure from Russia. ](/news/2013/11/24/euromaidan-more-than-100-000-people-protest-in-kiev-ukraine-against-the-decision-of-viktor-yanukovych-s-government-to-suspend-preparatio.md) _Context: European Union, Ukraine, Ukraine-European Union relations_
6. [United States-European Union relations. The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/united-states-european-union-relations-the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-go.md) _Context: European Parliament, European Union_
7. [Brexit. The United Kingdom formally notifies the European Council of its intention to withdraw from the European Union and the European Atomic Energy Community. There is not yet agreement on a negotiations roadmap. ](/news/2017/03/29/brexit-the-united-kingdom-formally-notifies-the-european-council-of-its-intention-to-withdraw-from-the-european-union-and-the-european-atom.md) _Context: European Council, European Union_
8. [Georgia-European Union relations. Georgia's visa-free regime, which allows travel to most member states of the European Union, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom, enters into force. ](/news/2017/03/28/georgia-european-union-relations-georgia-s-visa-free-regime-which-allows-travel-to-most-member-states-of-the-european-union-with-the-ex.md) _Context: European Union, member states_
9. [Brexit. British Prime Minister Theresa May signs a letter invoking Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. Its notification to the European Council tomorrow will formally begin the UK's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2017/03/28/brexit-british-prime-minister-theresa-may-signs-a-letter-invoking-article-50-of-the-treaty-on-european-union-its-notification-to-the-europ.md) _Context: European Council, European Union_
10. [Georgia-European Union relations. The European Union formally grants Georgian citizens visa-free travel to its member states, with the exception of Ireland and the United Kingdom. The signed documents will be published on March 8, and officially enter into force on March 28. ](/news/2017/03/1/georgia-european-union-relations-the-european-union-formally-grants-georgian-citizens-visa-free-travel-to-its-member-states-with-the-exc.md) _Context: European Union, member states_
