### [2005-02-13](/news/2005/02/13/index.md)

#  Results from the Iraqi election show that a Shi'a group approved by Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani has won by a landslide with 48% of all votes cast.  The nearest rival party, a Kurdish alliance of two parties, won 26% of the vote. The results will stand if not challenged within three days. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4261035.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Almost three months after the legislative election in Iraq, the National Assembly voted overwhelmingly to approve a Shi'a-led cabinet, establishing the first elected government in the history of Iraq. Two of the four deputy prime minister's slots remained vacant, however, and five ministries, including the important defence and oil slots, were left in the hands of temporary managers. ](/news/2005/04/28/almost-three-months-after-the-legislative-election-in-iraq-the-national-assembly-voted-overwhelmingly-to-approve-a-shi-a-led-cabinet-esta.md) _Context: Shi'a, legislative election_
2. [A car bomb injures at least nine people, three in serious condition,  in the mainly-Kurdish southeast region in Turkey's Tunceli Province. The explosion occurred close to housing for courthouse employees in the town of Ovacik. There is  no immediate claim of responsibility  for the attack. ](/news/2016/06/13/a-car-bomb-injures-at-least-nine-people-three-in-serious-condition-in-the-mainly-kurdish-southeast-region-in-turkey-s-tunceli-province-t.md) _Context: Kurd_
3. [Kurdish-led fighters completely encircle the ISIL-held town of Manbij, near the Turkish border, while Syrian forces move closer to ISIL's de facto capital, Raqqa. ](/news/2016/06/10/kurdish-led-fighters-completely-encircle-the-isil-held-town-of-manbij-near-the-turkish-border-while-syrian-forces-move-closer-to-isil-s-de.md) _Context: Kurd_
4. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that at least 50 United States military instructors have deployed to northern Syria from Turkey and Iraq to train Kurdish forces ahead of an assault on ISIL's de facto capital Al-Raqqah. ](/news/2015/11/30/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-that-at-least-50-united-states-military-instructors-have-deployed-to-northern-syria-from-tur.md) _Context: Kurd_
5. [More than a dozen alleged ISIS-linked, terrorist members of Rawti Shax, a European offshoot of the Iraqi Kurdish jihadist network Ansar al-Islam,  are arrested in a coordinated, multi-nation sweep by police across Europe. The operation  dismantled an integrated cell in Italy, the United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, and Germany.  The group is accused of radicalizing fighters, planning attacks  targeting Norwegian and British diplomats in the Middle East, and planning to establish a caliphate in Iraq's Kurdistan region. ](/news/2015/11/12/more-than-a-dozen-alleged-isis-linked-terrorist-members-of-rawti-shax-a-european-offshoot-of-the-iraqi-kurdish-jihadist-network-ansar-al-i.md) _Context: Kurd_
6. [A bomb detonated by Kurdish militants kills at least eight soldiers. ](/news/2015/08/19/a-bomb-detonated-by-kurdish-militants-kills-at-least-eight-soldiers.md) _Context: Kurd_
7. [Some 13,000 refugees have crossed into Turkey as Syrian Kurd People's Protection Units  encircle the ISIL-held town of Suluk. ](/news/2015/06/13/some-13-000-refugees-have-crossed-into-turkey-as-syrian-kurd-people-s-protection-units-encircle-the-isil-held-town-of-suluk.md) _Context: Kurd_
8. [Kurdish fighters battling Islamic State militants in the town of Koban, Syria on the Syria-Turkey border capture the strategic Mishtenur hill killing eleven fighters. ](/news/2015/01/19/kurdish-fighters-battling-islamic-state-militants-in-the-town-of-kobani-syria-on-the-syria-turkey-border-capture-the-strategic-mishtenur-hi.md) _Context: Kurd_
9. [A major Switzerland based commodities firm, Trafigura, played a "pivotal" role in the ability of the semi-autonomous Kurdish region of Iraq to export oil, exports that the central government in Baghdad has prohibited. ](/news/2014/12/2/a-major-switzerland-based-commodities-firm-trafigura-played-a-pivotal-role-in-the-ability-of-the-semi-autonomous-kurdish-region-of-iraq.md) _Context: Kurd_
10. [Several influential Iraqis, including Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, Ali Hatem al-Suleiman, and a group of six leaders from Sunni provinces, state that they are willing to work with the new Prime Minister of Iraq, Haider Al-Abadi, if certain conditions are met. ](/news/2014/08/15/several-influential-iraqis-including-grand-ayatollah-ali-al-sistani-ali-hatem-al-suleiman-and-a-group-of-six-leaders-from-sunni-provinces.md) _Context: Grand Ayatollah_
