### [2004-12-11](/news/2004/12/11/index.md)

#  The opposition pan-blue alliance achieves a majority in the Taiwanese legislative election, garnering at least 114 of the 225 seats. The governing Democratic Progressive Party and its pan-green allies win 101 seats.




### Related:

1. [ Taiwanese President Chen Shui-bian resigns as Chairman of the Democratic Progressive Party to take responsibility for the pan-green alliance's failure to win a majority in the legislative election. ](/news/2004/12/14/taiwanese-president-chen-shui-bian-resigns-as-chairman-of-the-democratic-progressive-party-to-take-responsibility-for-the-pan-green-allianc.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party, legislative majority, pan-green alliance_
2. [ In the Republic of China/Taiwan, President Chen Shui-bian names fellow Democratic Progressive Party member Frank Hsieh, as the new premier. He calls for a reconciliation with the political opposition, which maintained its legislative majority in last month's elections. ](/news/2005/01/25/in-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-president-chen-shui-bian-names-fellow-democratic-progressive-party-member-frank-hsieh-as-the-new-premier.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party, legislative majority_
3. [China says Chinese passengers flying from the Chinese cities of Nanchang, Kunming, and Chongqing, will be allowed to stop at Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport before flying to a third destination. Taiwan President Ma Ying-jeou applauded this step toward normalizing relations between the two states. Taiwan's opposition party expressed concern that Beijing is trying to interfere with the country's January 16, 2016, presidential and legislative elections. ](/news/2016/01/5/china-says-chinese-passengers-flying-from-the-chinese-cities-of-nanchang-kunming-and-chongqing-will-be-allowed-to-stop-at-taiwan-taoyuan.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party_
4. [Tsai Ing-wen of the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) is elected the first female President of Taiwan. Eric Chu, the ruling Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party) candidate concedes defeat and announced his resignation as party leader. Ms. Tsai vowed to preserve the status quo in relations with China. The DPP supports independence for the island. ](/news/2016/01/16/tsai-ing-wen-of-the-democratic-progressive-party-dpp-is-elected-the-first-female-president-of-taiwan-eric-chu-the-ruling-kuomintang-chi.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party_
5. [Voters in the Republic of China go to the polls for the 2012 presidential election. Incumbent President Ma Ying-jeou ultimately wins re-election with 51% of the vote, defeating Democratic Progressive Party chairwoman Tsai Ing-wen. ](/news/2012/01/14/voters-in-the-republic-of-china-go-to-the-polls-for-the-2012-presidential-election-incumbent-president-ma-ying-jeou-ultimately-wins-re-elec.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party_
6. [Taiwan's opposition Democratic Progressive Party wins all three seats in by-elections against the ruling Kuomintang. ](/news/2010/01/9/taiwan-s-opposition-democratic-progressive-party-wins-all-three-seats-in-by-elections-against-the-ruling-kuomintang.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party_
7. [ The opposition Democratic Progressive Party in Taiwan makes large gains in local elections against the Kuomintang. ](/news/2009/12/6/the-opposition-democratic-progressive-party-in-taiwan-makes-large-gains-in-local-elections-against-the-kuomintang.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party_
8. [ Ma Ying-jeou is elected President of the Republic of China with more than 58% of the votes in the 2008 presidential election, handing the presidency back to the Kuomintang (KMT) after eight years under the Democratic Progressive Party. ](/news/2008/03/22/ma-ying-jeou-is-elected-president-of-the-republic-of-china-with-more-than-58-of-the-votes-in-the-2008-presidential-election-handing-the-p.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party_
9. [ Republic of China legislative election, 2008: The Kuomintang (KMT) and its coalition allies win a landslide victory over the Democratic Progressive Party, garnering 86 of 113 seats in the Legislative Yuan. ](/news/2008/01/12/republic-of-china-legislative-election-2008-the-kuomintang-kmt-and-its-coalition-allies-win-a-landslide-victory-over-the-democratic-pro.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party_
10. [ The President of the Republic of China Chen Shui-bian names Chang Chun-hsiung of the Democratic Progressive Party as the new Premier of the Republic of China. ](/news/2007/05/14/the-president-of-the-republic-of-china-chen-shui-bian-names-chang-chun-hsiung-of-the-democratic-progressive-party-as-the-new-premier-of-the.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party_
