### [2004-12-11](/news/2004/12/11/index.md)

#  Vanuatu Prime Minister Serge Vohor is ousted in a vote of no-confidence and replaced by Ham Lini. Vohor had fallen out of favor with his cabinet after he unilaterally travelled to Taipei and established diplomatic relations with the Taiwan. The Vanuatu Council of Ministers voted to void the decision and continue relations with the People's Republic of China.




### Related:

1. [Vanuatu Prime Minister Sato Kilman is ousted in a vote of no confidence. Serge Vohor becomes the new Prime Minister of Vanuatu. ](/news/2011/04/24/vanuatu-prime-minister-sato-kilman-is-ousted-in-a-vote-of-no-confidence-serge-vohor-becomes-the-new-prime-minister-of-vanuatu.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Vanuatu, Serge Vohor, Vanuatu_
2. [ Edward Natapei is elected the new Prime Minister of Vanuatu following the 2008 general elections replacing Ham Lini. ](/news/2008/09/22/edward-natapei-is-elected-the-new-prime-minister-of-vanuatu-following-the-2008-general-elections-replacing-ham-lini.md) _Context: Ham Lini, Prime Minister of Vanuatu, Vanuatu_
3. [ Vanuatu's Council of Ministers drops its opposition to a surprise decision by Prime Minister Serge Vohor to establish diplomatic relations with the Republic of China (Taiwan). ](/news/2004/11/15/vanuatu-s-council-of-ministers-drops-its-opposition-to-a-surprise-decision-by-prime-minister-serge-vohor-to-establish-diplomatic-relations.md) _Context: Serge Vohor, Taiwan, Vanuatu_
4. [ The Republic of China (Taiwan) holds a large military parade in Taipei to commemorate World War II in support of its claims that Kuomintang forces led by Chiang Kai-Shek played a leading role in the defeat of the Empire of Japan with the Chinese Communist Party under Mao Tse-Tung playing a minor role. ](/news/2015/07/4/the-republic-of-china-taiwan-holds-a-large-military-parade-in-taipei-to-commemorate-world-war-ii-in-support-of-its-claims-that-kuomintang.md) _Context: Taipei, Taiwan_
5. [A dozen members of the Australian Federal Police are expelled from Vanuatu, following a diplomatic row over the arrest of the Prime Minister of Vanuatu's private secretary in Australia last month. ](/news/2012/05/10/a-dozen-members-of-the-australian-federal-police-are-expelled-from-vanuatu-following-a-diplomatic-row-over-the-arrest-of-the-prime-minister.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Vanuatu, Vanuatu_
6. [Around 1,000 people protest in Taipei, demanding that the government make a weekly day off a legal right for Taiwan's 200,000 foreign live-in caregivers. ](/news/2011/12/11/around-1-000-people-protest-in-taipei-demanding-that-the-government-make-a-weekly-day-off-a-legal-right-for-taiwan-s-200-000-foreign-live-i.md) _Context: Taipei, Taiwan_
7. [Thousands demonstrate in Taipei, Taiwan against the construction of a new atomic plant. ](/news/2011/03/20/thousands-demonstrate-in-taipei-taiwan-against-the-construction-of-a-new-atomic-plant.md) _Context: Taipei, Taiwan_
8. [Vanuatu Prime Minister Edward Natapei is ousted in a vote of no confidence while traveling en route to Cancun, Mexico. Sato Kilman becomes Prime Minister. ](/news/2010/12/2/vanuatu-prime-minister-edward-natapei-is-ousted-in-a-vote-of-no-confidence-while-traveling-en-route-to-cancun-mexico-sato-kilman-becomes-p.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Vanuatu, Vanuatu_
9. [ A judge in Taipei, Taiwan, rules that the former President Chen Shui-bian, should be held in jail while prosecutors seek his conviction on charges of money laundering and corruption. ](/news/2008/11/12/a-judge-in-taipei-taiwan-rules-that-the-former-president-chen-shui-bian-should-be-held-in-jail-while-prosecutors-seek-his-conviction-on.md) _Context: Taipei, Taiwan_
10. [ Sir Michael Somare, Prime Minister of Papua New Guinea, and Ham Lini, Prime Minister of Vanuatu, condemn the police raid on the office of Solomon Islands Prime Minister Manasseh Sogavare. ](/news/2006/10/23/sir-michael-somare-prime-minister-of-papua-new-guinea-and-ham-lini-prime-minister-of-vanuatu-condemn-the-police-raid-on-the-office-of-s.md) _Context: Ham Lini, Prime Minister of Vanuatu_
