### [2005-04-23](/news/2005/04/23/index.md)

#  Bangladesh accuses the BSF of gunning down two farmers who had strayed into no man's land at Hairharpur on the Indo-Bangla border. Indian officials say the guards had only shot at and injured two Bangladeshis trying to sneak into West Bengal. 

Gulf Times - Qatar’s top-selling English daily newspaper published in Qatar and provide the latest information on weather, currency rates, Prayer in addition to the latest developments in the political events, economic, sporting, cultural and artistic locally and internationally, and much much more


### Source:

1. [Gulf Times, Qatar](http://www.gulf-times.com/site/topics/article.asp?cu_no=2&item_no=34281&version=1&template_id=44&parent_id=24)
2. [Voice of America](http://www.voanews.com/english/2005-04-22-voa29.cfm)

### Related:

1. [ In one of the worst confrontations on the Indo-Bangla frontier in recent months, Bangladesh Rifles opens unprovoked fire at the India side at some outposts in West Bengal. About 500 rounds were fired in the skirmishes, but there was no casualty. ](/news/2005/08/19/in-one-of-the-worst-confrontations-on-the-indo-bangla-frontier-in-recent-months-bangladesh-rifles-opens-unprovoked-fire-at-the-india-side.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India, West Bengal_
2. [Flooding in South Asia has displaced tens of thousands of people and resulted in an estimated 500 deaths across India, Bangladesh, and Nepal. ](/news/2017/08/18/flooding-in-south-asia-has-displaced-tens-of-thousands-of-people-and-resulted-in-an-estimated-500-deaths-across-india-bangladesh-and-nepal.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India_
3. [Members of the 19th South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (SAARC) summit, scheduled to be held in Pakistan during November 2016, postpone the meeting following a Indian-led boycott, including Afghanistan, Bangladesh and Bhutan in response to Pakistan's alleged involvement in a deadly terrorist attack on a Indian Army base in Uri, Jammu and Kashmir, on September 18. ](/news/2016/09/28/members-of-the-19th-south-asian-association-for-regional-cooperation-saarc-summit-scheduled-to-be-held-in-pakistan-during-november-2016.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India_
4. [A 6.8 magnitude earthquake hits central Myanmar, 25km west of the town of Chauk, and was also felt in Thailand, Bangladesh and India, according to reports. At least three people are killed. ](/news/2016/08/24/a-6-8-magnitude-earthquake-hits-central-myanmar-25km-west-of-the-town-of-chauk-and-was-also-felt-in-thailand-bangladesh-and-india-accord.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India_
5. [Two Indian Border Security Force soldiers are killed and four injured in a conflict in the state of Chhattisgarh. ](/news/2016/03/12/two-indian-border-security-force-soldiers-are-killed-and-four-injured-in-a-conflict-in-the-state-of-chhattisgarh.md) _Context: India, Indian police officers_
6. [Violent riots break out in Kaliachak, West Bengal, India, after political activist Kamlesh Tiwari allegedly insulted the Muslim prophet Muhammad. ](/news/2016/01/5/violent-riots-break-out-in-kaliachak-west-bengal-india-after-political-activist-kamlesh-tiwari-allegedly-insulted-the-muslim-prophet-muha.md) _Context: India, West Bengal_
7. [An Indian Border Security Force plane headed to Ranchi crashes just outside New Delhi, killing all 10 on board. The Super King Air turboprop aircraft hit an airport wall and landed in a small body of water. ](/news/2015/12/22/an-indian-border-security-force-plane-headed-to-ranchi-crashes-just-outside-new-delhi-killing-all-10-on-board-the-super-king-air-turboprop.md) _Context: India, Indian police officers_
8. [India and Bangladesh have swapped control of some 160 small pockets of land on each other's territory. Residents were asked to choose where they wanted to live and which nationality they would prefer. Most of them decided to change nationality and stay where they live. ](/news/2015/07/31/india-and-bangladesh-have-swapped-control-of-some-160-small-pockets-of-land-on-each-other-s-territory-residents-were-asked-to-choose-where.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India_
9. [A strong 7.9 earthquake strikes between the Nepalese capital Kathmandu and the regional headquarter city of Pokhara. The Government of Nepal declares a state of emergency with 1500 dead. A number of UNESCO World Heritage Sites are destroyed, including the historic Dharahara tower. Deaths are also recorded in India, Bangladesh and the Chinese province of Tibet. ](/news/2015/04/25/a-strong-7-9-earthquake-strikes-between-the-nepalese-capital-kathmandu-and-the-regional-headquarter-city-of-pokhara-the-government-of-nepal.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India_
10. [A mob storms the central jail in Dimapur, India, and kills Farid Khan, an undocumented migrant from Bangladesh in custody as a rape suspect. The mob ransacks and destroys over 20 shops and torches ten vehicles including a police jeep. ](/news/2015/03/5/a-mob-storms-the-central-jail-in-dimapur-india-and-kills-farid-khan-an-undocumented-migrant-from-bangladesh-in-custody-as-a-rape-suspect.md) _Context: Bangladesh, India_
