### [2005-04-23](/news/2005/04/23/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The Association of University Teachers, the leading British academic group, has voted to boycott two Israeli universities, Haifa University  and Bar-Ilan University, over their alleged involvement in "illegal activity" in the occupied territories. The AUT said it voted for the boycott in response to a plea for action by a group of Palestinian academics. It was condemned by the Israeli Embassy, the British Ambassador in Israel, by Jewish Human Rights groups and by Universities UK. 

Palestinians suspected of attempting to carry out terror attack apparently illegal workers; roadblocks set up due to terror alert cause major traffic jams throughout central Israel, thousands returning from seder stuck in cars for hours


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/education/4472169.stm)
2. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/568452.html)
3. [Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3076684,00.html)
4. [Guardian](http://observer.guardian.co.uk/uk_news/story/0,6903,1469015,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ The British Association of University Teachers decides to cancel the boycott on Israeli Universities of Haifa and Bar-Ilan. The decision comes in a special meeting after both external and internal debate over the original decision.](/news/2005/05/26/the-british-association-of-university-teachers-decides-to-cancel-the-boycott-on-israeli-universities-of-haifa-and-bar-ilan-the-decision-co.md) _Context: Association of University Teachers, Bar-Ilan, Israel, United Kingdom_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict:  A ceasefire commences between Israeli and Palestinian fighters in the Gaza Strip. It followed negotiations between the Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert. ](/news/2006/11/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-a-ceasefire-commences-between-israeli-and-palestinian-fighters-in-the-gaza-strip-it-followed-negotiations.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): IDF raid three demolished Israeli settlements and one Palestinian neighbourhood in the northern Gaza Strip, to halt the daily firing of Qassam rockets at Israeli towns. One Israeli soldier, more than 20 Palestenian militants and one civilian are killed. ](/news/2006/07/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-idf-raid-three-demolished-israeli-settlements-and-one-palestinian-neighbourhood-in.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains): The Israeli army has been accused of using Palestinian civilians as human shields in an operation in northern Gaza. According to the Israeli human rights group, B'tselem, six civilians including two minors were subjected to the illegal tactic during an incursion into the town of Beit Hanoun last week. ](/news/2006/07/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-p-the-israeli-army-has-been-accused-of-using-palestinian-civilians-as-human-shields-i.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
5. [  Israeli troops shell and demolish a Palestinian prison in Jericho, seizing Ahmad Sa'adat, imprisoned for allegedly assassinating an Israeli minister. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4804424.stm (BBC)] In retaliation for the Israeli attack in Jericho, Palestinian gunmen kidnap and then release American professor Douglas Johnson. [http://www.forbes.com/home/feeds/ap/2006/03/14/ap2594746.html (Forbes)]{{dead link|date=September 2016|bot=medic}}{{cbignore|bot=medic}}](/news/2006/03/14/israeli-troops-shell-and-demolish-a-palestinian-prison-in-jericho-seizing-ahmad-sa-adat-imprisoned-for-allegedly-assassinating-an-israel.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
6. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: At least 32 people are injured, including one seriously, when a Palestinian suicide bomber detonates himself at a food stand near Tel Aviv's central bus station. Palestinian Islamic Jihad's al-Quds brigades claims responsibility for the attack. It is the first terrorist attack of the year in Israel. ](/news/2006/01/19/israeli-palestinian-conflict-at-least-32-people-are-injured-including-one-seriously-when-a-palestinian-suicide-bomber-detonates-himself.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A Palestinian stone thrower is shot in the head and killed by Israeli troops raiding the West Bank city of Nablus. At least ten other Palestinians were injured by the IDF troops while two Israeli soldiers were injured by a bomb during the raid. ](/news/2005/12/13/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-stone-thrower-is-shot-in-the-head-and-killed-by-israeli-troops-raiding-the-west-bank-city-of-na.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:  A joint Israeli-Palestinian doctors group has filed a petition to the Supreme Court of Israel requesting an end to the Israel Defense Forces use of sonic booms to terrify the Palestinian populace. The Doctors complain that the "sound bombs" cause widespread fear, induce miscarriages and traumatise children. The United Nations claim that the tactic causes panic attacks in children and has smashed thousands of windows. ](/news/2005/11/3/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-a-joint-israeli-palestinian-doctors-group-has-filed-a-petition-to-the-supreme-court-of-israel-requesting-an.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict:  Israeli troops, who are still in the process of withdrawing from Gaza, shoot dead a Palestinian teenager as he and about 50 others breach a fence around the evacuated Israeli settlement of Gush Katif and climbed atop of IDF tanks. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220914.stm (BBC)] [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/621804.html (Haaretz)] The Israeli Minister for Education, Limor Livnat, has called on her government to expand Israeli settlements in the West Bank as "dividend" of the pullout of the Gaza Strip. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4220300.stm (BBC)], [http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13718&Itemid=1 (IMEMC)] The Israeli Housing Minister, Isaac Herzog, told Israel Radio that Israel does not intend to construct in E1 the area between the Maale Adumim Israeli settlement and Jerusalem in the coming years, adding that Israeli government statements to the contrary were part of the "internal conflict" at the Likud party. ([http://www.imemc.org/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=13724&Itemid=1 IMEMC])](/news/2005/09/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-p-israeli-troops-who-are-still-in-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-gaza-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-teenager-as.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
10. [  An unarmed Palestinian boy, 13 years old, is shot dead by Israel Defense Forces troops. Israel declares its intention to hold an inquiry into the event. ](/news/2005/09/30/an-unarmed-palestinian-boy-13-years-old-is-shot-dead-by-israel-defense-forces-troops-israel-declares-its-intention-to-hold-an-inquiry-i.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
