### [2015-12-12](/news/2015/12/12/index.md)

# A Wisconsin gun shop, which a jury found negligently sold the gun an assailant used to injure two Milwaukee police officers to a straw buyer, reaches a $1 million settlement with the officers. 

A Milwaukee gun store will pay $1 million to settle a case with two police officers who were shot with a handgun that it allowed to be acquired illegally in 2009, issuing a rare legal defeat for the gun industry, local media reported on Friday.


### Source:

1. [AP via  seattlepi.com](http://www.seattlepi.com/news/crime/article/Wisconsin-gun-shop-to-pay-1M-to-settle-officers-6694184.php)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-wisconsin-guns-idUSKBN0TV01820151212)

### Related:

1. [2016 Milwaukee riots: Violence breaks out in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, following a fatal police shooting of a 23-year-old male criminal armed with a handgun earlier in the day. The Milwaukee Police Department says an officer was injured after being struck in the head by a brick, while a police car and gas station were set on fire. ](/news/2016/08/13/2016-milwaukee-riots-violence-breaks-out-in-milwaukee-wisconsin-following-a-fatal-police-shooting-of-a-23-year-old-male-criminal-armed-wi.md) _Context: Milwaukee, Milwaukee Police Department, Wisconsin_
2. [Democratic Party presidential debates, 2016: Protesters demanding a $15 minimum wage stormed the venue in front of local and national media prior to the start of the sixth debate, this one between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. ](/news/2016/02/11/democratic-party-presidential-debates-2016-protesters-demanding-a-15-minimum-wage-stormed-the-venue-in-front-of-local-and-national-media.md) _Context: Milwaukee, Wisconsin_
3. [Terrorism in the United States: The U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation arrests a Milwaukee, Wisconsin, man who is alleged to have been planning a machine gun mass shooting at a local Masonic Temple. ](/news/2016/01/26/terrorism-in-the-united-states-the-u-s-federal-bureau-of-investigation-arrests-a-milwaukee-wisconsin-man-who-is-alleged-to-have-been-pla.md) _Context: Milwaukee, Wisconsin_
4. [The Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Milwaukee, in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, according to its Archbishop, Jerome Listecki, reaches a collective settlement agreement of $21 million for its sex abuse claims, meaning it could emerge from its January 4, 2011 Chapter 11 bankruptcy. ](/news/2015/08/4/the-roman-catholic-archdiocese-of-milwaukee-in-milwaukee-wisconsin-according-to-its-archbishop-jerome-listecki-reaches-a-collective-set.md) _Context: Milwaukee, Wisconsin_
5. [A 76-year-old man is sentenced to life in prison without parole for the 2012 murder of a 13-year-old boy in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. ](/news/2013/07/22/a-76-year-old-man-is-sentenced-to-life-in-prison-without-parole-for-the-2012-murder-of-a-13-year-old-boy-in-milwaukee-wisconsin.md) _Context: Milwaukee, Wisconsin_
6. [President Trump's Executive Orders: As expected, during a visit to Kenosha, Wisconsin, President Donald Trump signed an executive order requiring U.S. federal agencies to take measures aimed at protecting U.S. workers, boost protections for some U.S. products, and examine the H-1B visa program which affords foreign workers opportunities for employment in U.S. specialty fields. ](/news/2017/04/18/president-trump-s-executive-orders-as-expected-during-a-visit-to-kenosha-wisconsin-president-donald-trump-signed-an-executive-order-requ.md) _Context: Wisconsin_
7. [Legal affairs of Donald Trump: U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyers tell a federal court, in a case alleging negligence and incitement to riot during a 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, that he is "immune from suit because he is President of the United States." A lawyer for the plaintiffs responds that, in "Clinton v. Jones", the Supreme Court found the president could be sued for events that occurred before he took office. ](/news/2017/04/15/legal-affairs-of-donald-trump-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-lawyers-tell-a-federal-court-in-a-case-alleging-negligence-and-incitement-to-r.md) _Context: negligence_
8. [2016 United States presidential election recounts: The Jill Stein-initiated recounts begin in Wisconsin. ](/news/2016/12/1/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recounts-the-jill-stein-initiated-recounts-begin-in-wisconsin.md) _Context: Wisconsin_
9. [2016 United States presidential election recount and audit: The campaign of Republican president-elect Donald Trump has called the planned recounts by Green nominee Jill Stein's campaign in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Michigan a "scam" and has criticized the participation of the campaign of Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2016/11/27/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recount-and-audit-the-campaign-of-republican-president-elect-donald-trump-has-called-the-planned.md) _Context: Wisconsin_
10. [2016 United States presidential election recount and audit: The Clinton campaign announces it will participate in efforts to push for recounts by Jill Stein's campaign in Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. ](/news/2016/11/26/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recount-and-audit-the-clinton-campaign-announces-it-will-participate-in-efforts-to-push-for-recoun.md) _Context: Wisconsin_
