### [2015-12-12](/news/2015/12/12/index.md)

# Houston mayoral election, 2015: Residents in the United States' fourth largest city are voting in a runoff election to choose the new mayor of Houston, Texas. The race is between the top two finishers in November's non-partisan election: Sylvester Turner, a veteran lawmaker seeking to expand economic opportunities; and, Bill King, a businessman pledging to fix city finances. 

Voters in Houston, the fourth most-populous U.S. city, went to the polls on Saturday to elect a mayor with Sylvester Turner, a veteran lawmaker seeking to expand economic opportunities, facing Bill King, a businessman pledging to fix city finances.


### Source:

1. [KPRC-TV](http://www.click2houston.com/news/polls-open-for-houston-mayoral-runoff-election)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-houston-vote-idUSKBN0TV0GW20151212#B6JbEypdBG2qgpqF.97)

### Related:

1. [Houston mayoral election, 2015: Veteran Texas lawmaker Sylvester Turner edges out businessman Bill King by just over 4,000 votes in Houston's runoff mayoral election. Turner, a Democratic member of the Texas House of Representatives since 1989, took 51 percent of the vote. King conceded defeat and encouraged Houston citizens to support the incoming mayor. Turner succeeds Annise Parker who was not eligible to run for re-election. ](/news/2015/12/13/houston-mayoral-election-2015-veteran-texas-lawmaker-sylvester-turner-edges-out-businessman-bill-king-by-just-over-4-000-votes-in-houston.md) _Context: Houston, Houston mayoral election, 2015, Sylvester Turner, Texas_
2. [A man fires two shots into the ceiling of Bush Intercontinental Airport in Houston, Texas, United States with a rifle before killing himself. ](/news/2013/05/2/a-man-fires-two-shots-into-the-ceiling-of-bush-intercontinental-airport-in-houston-texas-united-states-with-a-rifle-before-killing-himself.md) _Context: Houston, Texas, United States_
3. [United States Representative Gabrielle Giffords leaves hospital in Tucson, Arizona for rehabilitation in Houston, Texas less than two weeks after the 2011 Tucson shooting. ](/news/2011/01/21/united-states-representative-gabrielle-giffords-leaves-hospital-in-tucson-arizona-for-rehabilitation-in-houston-texas-less-than-two-weeks.md) _Context: Houston, Texas, United States_
4. [List of offenders executed in the United States in 2017: Arkansas becomes the first U.S. state since Texas in 2000 to hold two executions on the same day as executes convicted murderers Jack Jones, Jr. and Marcel Williams. ](/news/2017/04/24/list-of-offenders-executed-in-the-united-states-in-2017-arkansas-becomes-the-first-u-s-state-since-texas-in-2000-to-hold-two-executions-on.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
5. [A head on crash between a pickup truck and a church bus outside Garner State Park in the American state of Texas kills at least 12 people and injures 3 others. ](/news/2017/03/29/a-head-on-crash-between-a-pickup-truck-and-a-church-bus-outside-garner-state-park-in-the-american-state-of-texas-kills-at-least-12-people-an.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
6. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic: Texas confirms its first case of locally transmitted Zika virus by mosquitoes, becoming the second U.S. state to report a local transmission of the virus after Florida. The Texas Department of State Health Services says the case involves a woman living in Cameron County, who is not pregnant. ](/news/2016/11/28/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-texas-confirms-its-first-case-of-locally-transmitted-zika-virus-by-mosquitoes-becoming-the-second-u-s-state.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
7. [Bahamian-United States relations: 2016 shooting of Dallas police officers: Following the death of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile and the shooting of white police officers in Dallas, Texas, The Bahamas issues a rare travel warning for its citizens traveling to the United States. ](/news/2016/07/9/bahamian-united-states-relations-2016-shooting-of-dallas-police-officers-following-the-death-of-alton-sterling-and-philando-castile-and.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
8. [Three people aboard a small plane are killed when the aircraft crashes into a parked car near the Houston, Texas, Hobby Airport. ](/news/2016/06/9/three-people-aboard-a-small-plane-are-killed-when-the-aircraft-crashes-into-a-parked-car-near-the-houston-texas-hobby-airport.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
9. [Record rainfall and severe flooding in southeast Texas has killed at least two people with three others missing. On Thursday, a record 16.6 inches (42 cm) of rain fell in Brenham, west of Houston. ](/news/2016/05/27/record-rainfall-and-severe-flooding-in-southeast-texas-has-killed-at-least-two-people-with-three-others-missing-on-thursday-a-record-16-6.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
10. [A slow moving wintry storm system is responsible for more than a dozen deaths in the U.S. states of Texas, Oklahoma and Kansas. ](/news/2015/11/28/a-slow-moving-wintry-storm-system-is-responsible-for-more-than-a-dozen-deaths-in-the-u-s-states-of-texas-oklahoma-and-kansas.md) _Context: Texas, United States_
