### [2015-12-12](/news/2015/12/12/index.md)

# North Korea's all-female Moranbong Band, which was formed by leader Kim Jong-un, surprisingly cancels tonight's concert at Beijing's National Centre for the Performing Arts, and two others and returns to Pyongyang. Rumors for the sudden change abound, but no reason has been given. The sudden cancellation could hurt Chinese-North Korean relations,  cooler since between Kim assumed power in 2011. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via Asian Times](http://atimes.com/2015/12/n-korean-pop-band-cancels-beijing-concert-leaves-for-home/)
2. [AP via Huffington Post](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/north-korea-girl-band-rumors_566c43f0e4b011b83a6b79f1)

### Related:

1. [  North Korea accuses South Korea of kidnapping its citizens and demands their immediate return after Seoul's Ministry of Unification said 13 of them had defected to South Korea from China, where they worked in a Pyongyang-operated restaurant. China says that the 13 people, a male manager and 12 young female employees, had legitimate passports and had freely exited China. ](/news/2016/04/12/north-korea-accuses-south-korea-of-kidnapping-its-citizens-and-demands-their-immediate-return-after-seoul-s-ministry-of-unification-said-1.md) _Context: China, North Korea, Pyongyang_
2. [2013 Korean crisis: The annual session of North Korea's Parliament, the Supreme People's Assembly, takes place in Pyongyang, following repeated threats of violence by the leader Kim Jong-Un against South Korea and the United States. Choi Bu-Il is appointed Minister of Internal Security. ](/news/2013/04/1/2013-korean-crisis-the-annual-session-of-north-korea-s-parliament-the-supreme-people-s-assembly-takes-place-in-pyongyang-following-repea.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, Pyongyang_
3. [North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un orders preparations for strategic rocket strikes on the US mainland at an overnight meeting with top army commanders, in response to the use of nuclear-capable B-2 Stealth Bombers in joint US-South Korea military drills. China appeals for calm on all sides. ](/news/2013/03/29/north-korean-leader-kim-jong-un-orders-preparations-for-strategic-rocket-strikes-on-the-us-mainland-at-an-overnight-meeting-with-top-army-co.md) _Context: China, Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
4. [Jang Song-thaek, the uncle of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, meets Chinese president Hu Jintao. ](/news/2012/08/17/jang-song-thaek-the-uncle-of-north-korean-leader-kim-jong-un-meets-chinese-president-hu-jintao.md) _Context: China, Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
5. [In his first public speech, North Korean leader Kim Jong-un calls for a push towards "final victory" at a ceremony in Kim Il-sung Square in the capital Pyongyang. ](/news/2012/04/15/in-his-first-public-speech-north-korean-leader-kim-jong-un-calls-for-a-push-towards-final-victory-at-a-ceremony-in-kim-il-sung-square-in.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, Pyongyang_
6. [ Delegates arrive in Beijing for the resumption of six party talks on Wednesday involving North Korea, South Korea, China, Russia, Japan and the United States to discuss the second phase of a deal on North Korean nuclear disarmament. ](/news/2007/07/17/delegates-arrive-in-beijing-for-the-resumption-of-six-party-talks-on-wednesday-involving-north-korea-south-korea-china-russia-japan-and.md) _Context: Beijing, China, North Korea_
7. [ After an official 3-day visit to Pyongyang, North Korea, President Hu Jintao of the People's Republic of China returns to Beijing, having reached new directions in Sino-DPRK relations. This comes after North Korean Leader Kim Jong-il called Hu the "most respected guest". ](/news/2005/10/30/after-an-official-3-day-visit-to-pyongyang-north-korea-president-hu-jintao-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-returns-to-beijing-having-r.md) _Context: Beijing, North Korea, Pyongyang_
8. [Prime Minister of Norway Erna Solberg meets with Premier of the People's Republic of China Li Keqiang in Beijing to announce the end of a diplomatic freeze between the countries and the resumption of free trade negotiations between China and Norway. ](/news/2017/04/7/prime-minister-of-norway-erna-solberg-meets-with-premier-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-li-keqiang-in-beijing-to-announce-the-end-of-a-di.md) _Context: Beijing, China_
9. [Air China suspends all flights to North Korea's capital Pyongyang amid rising tensions between North Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/04/14/air-china-suspends-all-flights-to-north-korea-s-capital-pyongyang-amid-rising-tensions-between-north-korea-and-the-united-states.md) _Context: North Korea, Pyongyang_
10. [North Korea temporarily bans all Malaysian nationals (estimated to be at least 11 people including embassy employees) from leaving the country amid a growing dispute between the two countries over the death of Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of Kim Jong-un. Malaysian official Khairy Jamaluddin calls the move "tantamount to taking hostages". ](/news/2017/03/7/north-korea-temporarily-bans-all-malaysian-nationals-estimated-to-be-at-least-11-people-including-embassy-employees-from-leaving-the-count.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
