### [2015-12-12](/news/2015/12/12/index.md)

# Poland protests: Thousands march against the Law and Justice (PiS) party  in Warsaw, with an estimated 50,000, and other cities protesting   President Andrzej Duda and the country's new conservative government  appointing new Constitutional Tribunal judges who are loyal to the PiS. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Yahoo](http://news.yahoo.com/thousands-opponents-government-march-poland-150103855.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-35083561)

### Related:

1. [The leader of Poland's Democracy Defence Committee, Mateusz Kijowski, says the government has "broken the country" after Polish President, Andrzej Duda, enacted a measure curbing the powers of the country's  highest legislative court, the Constitutional Tribunal, despite protests and warnings from the European Union. Kijowski further called for foreign intervention in the country from "Europe and the United States" to topple the Law and Justice (PiS) government, saying "they must help us, otherwise Poland will leave the community of democracies". After news broke that Duda had signed into law the constitutional tribunal bill, he made a speech on television defending his move. Polish newspaper Gazeta Wyborcza quoted U.S. sources saying Barack Obama had objections and had let it be known he would delay meeting Duda. The newspaper also suggested Poland's hosting of the next NATO summit, planned for July 2016, was in the balance. ](/news/2015/12/28/the-leader-of-poland-s-democracy-defence-committee-mateusz-kijowski-says-the-government-has-broken-the-country-after-polish-president-a.md) _Context: Andrzej Duda, Constitutional Court's, Law and Justice Party, Poland_
2. [Polish Constitutional Court crisis, 2015.Thousands of people take to the streets of Warsaw and other cities in Poland in protest against the government after it refused to publish the Constitutional Court's ruling that the government cannot change how the court works. ](/news/2016/03/12/polish-constitutional-court-crisis-2015-pthousands-of-people-take-to-the-streets-of-warsaw-and-other-cities-in-poland-in-protest-against-th.md) _Context: Constitutional Court's, Poland, Warsaw_
3. [Polish President Andrzej Duda announces he will veto two judicial reform bills passed by Poland's parliament, which the European Commission said would result in sanctions, and which have generated continuous demonstrations across the country.  The ruling Law and Justice Party needs to put together a three-fifths majority to override the veto. ](/news/2017/07/24/polish-president-andrzej-duda-announces-he-will-veto-two-judicial-reform-bills-passed-by-poland-s-parliament-which-the-european-commission.md) _Context: Andrzej Duda, Law and Justice Party_
4. [Poles march against a bill that critics say might decrease judicial independence in Poland. Hungary has supported the bill while the European Union has opposed it. The protesters hope that the President Andrzej Duda would intervene against the proposed law. ](/news/2017/07/22/poles-march-against-a-bill-that-critics-say-might-decrease-judicial-independence-in-poland-hungary-has-supported-the-bill-while-the-europea.md) _Context: Andrzej Duda, Poland_
5. [NATO members in Warsaw, Poland, agree to extend their mission in Afghanistan into 2017 and announced that they will continue to fund the Afghan Armed Forces to 2020. ](/news/2016/07/9/nato-members-in-warsaw-poland-agree-to-extend-their-mission-in-afghanistan-into-2017-and-announced-that-they-will-continue-to-fund-the-afg.md) _Context: Poland, Warsaw_
6. [NATO members gather in Warsaw, Poland, for a two-day summit. Much of the focus will be on Russia and NATO's commitments in bolstering its presence in Eastern Europe. Other issues to be discussed will include Europe's migrant crises, ISIL extremists, and the United Kingdom's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2016/07/8/nato-members-gather-in-warsaw-poland-for-a-two-day-summit-much-of-the-focus-will-be-on-russia-and-nato-s-commitments-in-bolstering-its-pr.md) _Context: Poland, Warsaw_
7. [Thousands of people attended a pro-choice rally outside Parliament of Poland in Warsaw after Jaroslaw Kaczynski, the leader of the ruling Law and Justice party, backed a call by Polish Catholic bishops for a full ban on abortion. ](/news/2016/04/3/thousands-of-people-attended-a-pro-choice-rally-outside-parliament-of-poland-in-warsaw-after-jarosaaw-kaczyaski-the-leader-of-the-ruling.md) _Context: Law and Justice Party, Warsaw_
8. [Poland summons the German ambassador in Warsaw over "anti-Polish" remarks made by German politicians. ](/news/2016/01/10/poland-summons-the-german-ambassador-in-warsaw-over-anti-polish-remarks-made-by-german-politicians.md) _Context: Poland, Warsaw_
9. [Official results show Poland's conservative Law and Justice (PiS) party, led by eurosceptic Jaroslaw Kaczynski and the new PM Beata Szydlo, won more seats than any other party in today's general elections. Kaczynski is the twin brother of the late President Lech Kaczynski, who died in a 2010 jet crash. Prime Minister Ewa Kopacz has conceded defeat. ](/news/2015/10/25/official-results-show-poland-s-conservative-law-and-justice-pis-party-led-by-eurosceptic-jarosaaw-kaczyaski-and-the-new-pm-beata-szyda.md) _Context: Law and Justice Party, Poland_
10. [Voters in Poland go to the polls for the second round of a Presidential election between President Bronislaw Komorowski and challenger Andrzej Duda with exit polls showing Duda ahead. ](/news/2015/05/24/voters-in-poland-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-a-presidential-election-between-president-bronisaaw-komorowski-and-challenger-andr.md) _Context: Andrzej Duda, Poland_
