### [2015-12-12](/news/2015/12/12/index.md)

# Pro-Russian opposition parties protest against Montenegro's NATO membership, demanding a referendum on the issue. 

Several thousand supporters of pro-Russian opposition parties protested Saturday against Montenegro&#x27;s NATO membership, demanding a referendum over the issue. &quot;If the referendum is avoided and there is a bid to fraudulently pass the decision (on NATO membership) in parliament, Montenegro will


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo](http://news.yahoo.com/thousands-rally-against-montenegros-nato-membership-223202533.html)

### Related:

1. [Accession of Montenegro to NATO: The Parliament of Montenegro votes 46-0 to ratify Montenegro's membership of NATO, while opposition politicians boycott the vote and hold protests. ](/news/2017/04/28/accession-of-montenegro-to-nato-the-parliament-of-montenegro-votes-46-0-to-ratify-montenegro-s-membership-of-nato-while-opposition-polit.md) _Context: Accession of Montenegro to NATO, Montenegro, NATO_
2. [Accession of Montenegro to NATO: The Kremlin condemns NATO's membership invitation to Montenegro, warning the step risks fueling geopolitical tensions in Europe. ](/news/2016/05/20/accession-of-montenegro-to-nato-the-kremlin-condemns-nato-s-membership-invitation-to-montenegro-warning-the-step-risks-fueling-geopolitica.md) _Context: Accession of Montenegro to NATO, Montenegro, NATO_
3. [Accession of Montenegro to NATO: Montenegro and NATO sign an accession agreement, paving the way for the country's future entry into the military alliance. All of NATO's members must now ratify the agreement, with Prime Minister Milo Dukanovic expecting Montenegro to join by mid 2017. ](/news/2016/05/19/accession-of-montenegro-to-nato-montenegro-and-nato-sign-an-accession-agreement-paving-the-way-for-the-country-s-future-entry-into-the-mil.md) _Context: Accession of Montenegro to NATO, Montenegro, NATO_
4. [Enlargement of NATO: NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg announces the invitation sent to Montenegro to join the military alliance, 16 years after the country, as part of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, was bombed by the alliance in the Kosovo War. Montenegro's accession would result in "retaliatory actions", according to a spokesman for Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2015/12/2/enlargement-of-nato-nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-announces-the-invitation-sent-to-montenegro-to-join-the-military-alliance-16-y.md) _Context: Montenegro, NATO, Russia_
5. [2015 anti-government protest in Montenegro: Thousands protest and clash with police in Montenegro's capital Podgorica, demanding the immediate resignation of Prime Minister Milo Dukanovic. Dukanovic has rejected calls to resign and has accused the opposition of trying to prevent the country's NATO membership, saying he is convinced Russia is behind the unrest. ](/news/2015/10/24/2015-anti-government-protest-in-montenegro-thousands-protest-and-clash-with-police-in-montenegro-s-capital-podgorica-demanding-the-immedia.md) _Context: Montenegro, NATO, Russia_
6. [Montenegro-NATO relations: Montenegro officially joins NATO as its 29th member at a ceremony in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2017/06/5/montenegro-nato-relations-montenegro-officially-joins-nato-as-its-29th-member-at-a-ceremony-in-washington-d-c.md) _Context: Montenegro, NATO_
7. [Russia-United States relations: Iran-United States relations: The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/russia-united-states-relations-iran-united-states-relations-the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
8. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Russian Special Envoy to Afghanistan Zamir Kabulov denies allegations by NATO Commander Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti that Russia was "perhaps" supplying the Taliban. ](/news/2017/03/24/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-russian-special-envoy-to-afghanistan-zamir-kabulov-denies-allegations-by-nato-commander-gen-curtis-sca.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
9. [Estonia-United Kingdom relations: Eight hundred British Army troops arrive in Estonia as part of NATO's Enhanced Forward Presence to deter Russian aggression in Eastern Europe. ](/news/2017/03/18/estonia-united-kingdom-relations-eight-hundred-british-army-troops-arrive-in-estonia-as-part-of-nato-s-enhanced-forward-presence-to-deter.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
10. [Operation Atlantic Resolve: 3,000 U.S. troops are deployed in Poland as part of NATO's Operation Atlantic Resolve. Poland says that the deployment is a necessary response to Russian military exercises near its border and its intervention in Ukraine while Russia condemns the move as a "threat to national interests and security". ](/news/2017/01/12/operation-atlantic-resolve-3-000-u-s-troops-are-deployed-in-poland-as-part-of-nato-s-operation-atlantic-resolve-poland-says-that-the-depl.md) _Context: NATO, Russia_
