### [2015-12-12](/news/2015/12/12/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War. Sixteen people are killed and many more injured by a car bomb and a second, delayed explosion near a hospital in Syria's mainly Alawite, government-controlled neighborhood of al-Zahra, east of Homs' old city, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports. The attack comes just five days after the government and rebels agreed on a local ceasefire in the western al-Waer suburb. 

Syria has suffered another day of death and destruction. This time in the central city of Homs. At least 16 people were killed and scores more


### Source:

1. [EuroNews](http://www.euronews.com/2015/12/12/syria-explosions-in-homs-leave-at-least-16-dead/)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-blast-idUSKBN0TV0AZ20151212#8Wrebpd8a9PrsS52.97)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democr.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
2. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a large explosion near Damascus International Airport followed by a fire. The Syrian government says Israel struck the military site with several missiles. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz states that the strike "corresponds completely with Israel's policy". ](/news/2017/04/27/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-large-explosion-near-damascus-international-airport-followed-by-a-fire.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
3. [Syrian Civil War. American-led intervention in Syria. According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, multiple suspected U.S.-led coalition air raids kill at least 23 civilians in the village of al-Matab in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/03/9/syrian-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-syria-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-multiple-suspected-u-s-led-coal.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
4. [Syrian Civil War. According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, the total number of people killed and missing in Syria's war is now 465,000. ](/news/2017/03/13/syrian-civil-war-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-the-total-number-of-people-killed-and-missing-in-syria-s-war-is-now.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
5. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that militants attacked two Syrian Armed Forces bases in Homs, killing at least 42 people, including a senior intelligence officer. ](/news/2017/02/25/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-that-militants-attacked-two-syrian-armed-forces-bases-in-homs-killing-at.md) _Context: Homs, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
6. [Syrian Civil War. Idlib Governorate clashes (2017). Rival fighters between Tahrir al-Sham and Jund al-Aqsa clash in Syria's northern Idlib Governorate, killing "dozens" according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/02/14/syrian-civil-war-idlib-governorate-clashes-2017-rival-fighters-between-tahrir-al-sham-and-jund-al-aqsa-clash-in-syria-s-northern-idlib-g.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
7. [Syrian Civil War. Palmyra offensive (December 2016). ISIL recaptures the Syrian city of Palmyra despite heavy Russian airstrikes, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and Palmyra Coordination Committee (PCC). ](/news/2016/12/11/syrian-civil-war-palmyra-offensive-december-2016-isil-recaptures-the-syrian-city-of-palmyra-despite-heavy-russian-airstrikes-according.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
8. [Syrian civil war. Several bombings kill at least 40 people in government and Kurdish held territory across Syria, including Tartus, Homs, Al-Hasakah and Damascus. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/09/5/syrian-civil-war-several-bombings-kill-at-least-40-people-in-government-and-kurdish-held-territory-across-syria-including-tartus-homs-al.md) _Context: Homs, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian civil war. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims that 10 people have been killed in an air strike on a hospital in the town of Milis in Syria's Idlib province. ](/news/2016/08/6/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-claims-that-10-people-have-been-killed-in-an-air-strike-on-a-hospital-in-the-town.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
10. [Syrian civil war. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says that at least 51 people have been killed in the Syrian city of Aleppo. ](/news/2016/08/13/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-that-at-least-51-people-have-been-killed-in-the-syrian-city-of-aleppo.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
