### [2015-12-12](/news/2015/12/12/index.md)

# The United Nations mission in Afghanistan reports 289 civilians were killed ("301 with MSF update") and 559 injured during fighting in Kunduz between Taliban militants and Afghan National Security Forces in September and October. The U.N. says these numbers include casualties from the friendly-fire attack on the Doctors Without Borders hospital and noted the totals were likely to rise as more information becomes available. 

At least 848 Afghan civilians were killed or wounded following a Taliban attack on the northern city of Kunduz in September, according to a U.N. report that detailed the grim conditions endured by residents during two weeks of fighting.


### Source:

1. [Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/afp/article-3357169/MSF-says-death-toll-rises-42-Afghan-hospital-strike.html)
2. [Radio Free Europe](http://www.rferl.org/content/afghanistan-un-report-kunduz-violence/27422671.html)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-afghanistan-fighting-report-idUSKBN0TV07720151212#2QL88hCCMPdAPCwZ.97)
4. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/dec/12/msf-afghanistan-hospital-airstrike-death-toll-42)

### Related:

1. [Carrying coffins holding the beheaded bodies of seven ethnic Hazara, thousands of demonstrators from Afghanistan's different ethnic groups - Pashtun, Tajik, Uzbek, and Hazara - march on the Presidential Palace in Kabul, urging the government to take action against the rising violence against Afghan civilians. The murders, which the United Nations denounced as a potential war crime, have fueled a growing sense of insecurity since the Taliban briefly seized control of Kunduz in late September. ](/news/2015/11/11/carrying-coffins-holding-the-beheaded-bodies-of-seven-ethnic-hazara-thousands-of-demonstrators-from-afghanistan-s-different-ethnic-groups.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kunduz, Taliban, United Nations, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
2. [An Afghan soldier kills 3 U.S. troops and injures 1 other in Achin, Nangarhar Province. The Taliban claims responsibility, saying the Afghan soldier was one of several Taliban infiltrators in the Afghan Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/06/10/an-afghan-soldier-kills-3-u-s-troops-and-injures-1-other-in-achin-nangarhar-province-the-taliban-claims-responsibility-saying-the-afghan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present), military personnel_
3. [ Suspect Taliban militants kill nine and kidnap 170 in an attack on three passenger buses in Kunduz, Afghanistan. ](/news/2016/05/31/suspect-taliban-militants-kill-nine-and-kidnap-170-in-an-attack-on-three-passenger-buses-in-kunduz-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kunduz, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
4. [Heavy fighting continues in the north of Afghanistan as Taliban fighters intensify their attacks in several districts around Kunduz in their bid to retake the city. According to a police chief, militants overnight attacked several police checkpoints in the southwest outskirts of the city while government forces repelled a major attack to the east of Kunduz. ](/news/2016/04/17/heavy-fighting-continues-in-the-north-of-afghanistan-as-taliban-fighters-intensify-their-attacks-in-several-districts-around-kunduz-in-their.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kunduz, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
5. [According to a police chief, at least 40 Taliban fighters are killed after launching an offensive against Afghan security forces to seize the strategic northern city of Kunduz while four security force personnel are also killed. ](/news/2016/04/16/according-to-a-police-chief-at-least-40-taliban-fighters-are-killed-after-launching-an-offensive-against-afghan-security-forces-to-seize-th.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kunduz, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
6. [A battle rages in the Kunduz Province of Afghanistan as the Taliban launches its spring offensive to capture the city of Kunduz. According to a Taliban spokesperson, several outposts already fell to them but this could not be verified immediately while a police chief says that the security forces were keeping "the situation under control". ](/news/2016/04/15/a-battle-rages-in-the-kunduz-province-of-afghanistan-as-the-taliban-launches-its-spring-offensive-to-capture-the-city-of-kunduz-according-t.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kunduz, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
7. [Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors without Borders) calls for activating the International Humanitarian Fact-Finding Commission - for the first time since its 1991 creation under the Geneva Conventions - to investigate the deadly U.S. bombing of MSF's hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan. MSF says it does not trust internal military inquiries into the bombing that killed at least 22 people, which it considers a war crime. ](/news/2015/10/7/ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-calls-for-activating-the-international-humanitarian-fact-finding-commission-a-for-the.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kunduz, Medecins Sans Frontieres, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
8. [The death toll from Saturday's airstrikes on the Doctors Without Borders' hospital in Kunduz, Afghanistan rises to at least 10 patients and 12 hospital staff in Doctors Without Borders, also known as Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF). Doctors without Borders issues a statement expressing its "clear assumption that a war crime has been committed," and announces that all staff have left the hospital and the city. ](/news/2015/10/4/the-death-toll-from-saturday-s-airstrikes-on-the-doctors-without-borders-hospital-in-kunduz-afghanistan-rises-to-at-least-10-patients-and.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Kunduz, Medecins Sans Frontieres, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
9. [The Taliban kill 22 policemen and kidnap 19 others, including the district's security chief, during clashes with Afghan troops who kill 12 of the insurgents in the battle in Faryab Province in northern Afghanistan. ](/news/2015/10/20/the-taliban-kill-22-policemen-and-kidnap-19-others-including-the-districtas-security-chief-during-clashes-with-afghan-troops-who-kill-12.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present), military personnel_
10. [The U.S.-led coalition dispatches American troops to Kunduz to help Afghan forces combat Taliban militants. ](/news/2015/09/30/the-u-s-led-coalition-dispatches-american-troops-to-kunduz-to-help-afghan-forces-combat-taliban-militants.md) _Context: Battle of Kunduz, Kunduz, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
