### [2016-03-29](/news/2016/03/29/index.md)

# A legal request has been filed to impeach Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff for obstructing justice and fiscal accounting tricks, the second impeachment request against her. In response to the request, Minister of Tourism Henrique Eduardo Alves turned in a resignation letter while the Brazilian Democratic Movement Party is expected to hold a party vote on whether or not to leave Rousseff's coalition government. 

Second impeachment case filed against President Rousseff for obstructing justice as PMDB prepares to leave coalition.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2016/03/brazil-rousseff-faces-impeachment-coalition-collapse-160329044900462.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-brazil-politics-idUSKCN0WU1AC)
3. [Reuters²](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-brazil-politics-coalition-idUSKCN0WV2NF?mod=related&channelName=worldNews)

### Related:

1. [Marco Aurelio Mello, a Supreme Federal Court judge orders Brazil's Chamber of Deputies to start impeachment proceedings against Vice President Michel Temer over charges he helped doctor budget accounting as part of President Dilma Rousseff's administration. ](/news/2016/04/5/marco-aura-c-lio-mello-a-supreme-federal-court-judge-orders-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-to-start-impeachment-proceedings-against-vice-presid.md) _Context: 2015-16 protests in Brazil, Brazil, Dilma, President of Brazil_
2. [A committee of Brazil's Chamber of Deputies votes 38-27 to recommend the impeachment of President Dilma Rousseff, who faces charges of breaking budget laws to support her re-election in 2014. ](/news/2016/04/11/a-committee-of-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-votes-38-27-to-recommend-the-impeachment-of-president-dilma-rousseff-who-faces-charges-of-break.md) _Context: 2015-16 protests in Brazil, Brazil, Dilma, President of Brazil_
3. [A survey conducted by Datafolha shows a majority of Brazilians now favor the impeachment or resignation of President Dilma Rousseff. The poll showed 68 percent of respondents favor Rousseff's impeachment by Congress, while 65 percent think the president should resign. The president's approval ratings have been hammered by Brazil's worst recession in decades and its biggest ever corruption probe. ](/news/2016/03/19/a-survey-conducted-by-datafolha-shows-a-majority-of-brazilians-now-favor-the-impeachment-or-resignation-of-president-dilma-rousseff-the-pol.md) _Context: 2015-16 protests in Brazil, Brazil, Dilma, President of Brazil_
4. [Brazilian Supreme Court Justice Gilmar Mendes rules Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva should be stripped of a ministerial role in President Dilma Rousseff's Cabinet so he can be investigated in connection with the state oil company Petrobras's alleged  kickback scheme. Earlier today, injunctions suspending Lula's appointment  as chief of staff   were overturned at  Attorney General  Jose Eduardo Cardozo's request for a Supreme Court ruling on the motions. ](/news/2016/03/18/brazilian-supreme-court-justice-gilmar-mendes-rules-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-should-be-stripped-of-a-ministerial-role-in-president-dilma-r.md) _Context: 2015-16 protests in Brazil, Brazil, Dilma, President of Brazil_
5. [Clashes erupt outside the presidential palace in Brazil's capital Brasilia between anti-Workers' Party protesters and supporters of ex-president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva, where he was due to be sworn in as President of Brazil Dilma Rousseff's chief of staff. Hundreds of anti-government protesters calling for Rousseff's impeachment and Lula's arrest also blocked the central Paulista Avenue in Sao Paulo, Brazil's largest city and economic hub. ](/news/2016/03/17/clashes-erupt-outside-the-presidential-palace-in-brazil-s-capital-brasalia-between-anti-workers-party-protesters-and-supporters-of-ex-pres.md) _Context: 2015-16 protests in Brazil, Brazil, Dilma, President of Brazil_
6. [The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court releases a plea bargain testimony from JBS S.A., revealing that the company paid 500 million reais in bribes to politicians, including current President Michel Temer and his predecessors Dilma and Lula. ](/news/2017/05/19/the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-releases-a-plea-bargain-testimony-from-jbs-s-a-revealing-that-the-company-paid-500-million-reais-in-br.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma, President of Brazil_
7. [Brazil's Federal Senate begins the impeachment trial of suspended President Dilma Rousseff. ](/news/2016/08/25/brazil-s-federal-senate-begins-the-impeachment-trial-of-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma, President of Brazil_
8. [Brazil's Federal Senate votes 59 to 21 to indict suspended President Dilma Rousseff on charges of breaking budget laws and put her on trial. ](/news/2016/08/10/brazil-s-federal-senate-votes-59-to-21-to-indict-suspended-president-dilma-rousseff-on-charges-of-breaking-budget-laws-and-put-her-on-trial.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma, President of Brazil_
9. [Acting on a request from Brazil's top prosecutor, Supreme Court Justice Teori Zavascki suspends President of the Deputies Chamber Eduardo Cunha for obstructing the Petrobras corruption investigation. The full court confirms this action, Cunha is eliminated from the line of succession to President Dilma Rousseff, who may be suspended from office next week. ](/news/2016/05/5/acting-on-a-request-from-brazil-s-top-prosecutor-supreme-court-justice-teori-zavascki-suspends-president-of-the-deputies-chamber-eduardo-cu.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma, President of Brazil_
10. [The Federal Senate of Brazil debates whether to suspend and impeach President Dilma Rousseff  for allegedly breaching budget rules. The President's allies are not optimistic about the Senate vote. ](/news/2016/05/11/the-federal-senate-of-brazil-debates-whether-to-suspend-and-impeach-president-dilma-rousseff-for-allegedly-breaching-budget-rules-the-pres.md) _Context: Brazil, Dilma, President of Brazil_
