### [2016-03-29](/news/2016/03/29/index.md)

# A United Nations commission rules in favour of Argentina to expand its maritime territory in the South Atlantic Ocean by 35% to include the Falkland Islands and beyond despite Argentina and the United Kingdom still having an unresolved dispute over the islands. 

Argentina welcomes decision to expand its maritime territory, despite unresolved dispute with Britain over islands


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2016/mar/29/falkland-islands-argentina-waters-rules-un-commission)

### Related:

1. [Falkland Islands sovereignty dispute:Desire Petroleum, a British-listed firm, begins drilling for oil at an offshore platform within the territory of the Falkland Islands, amid mounting criticism from Argentina and Venezuela. ](/news/2010/02/22/falkland-islands-sovereignty-dispute-pdesire-petroleum-a-british-listed-firm-begins-drilling-for-oil-at-an-offshore-platform-within-the-te.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands, Falkland Islands sovereignty dispute, United Kingdom_
2. [Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner appeals to Pope Francis for assistance in settling Argentina's dispute over the Falkland Islands with the United Kingdom. ](/news/2013/03/18/argentine-president-cristina-ferna-ndez-de-kirchner-appeals-to-pope-francis-for-assistance-in-settling-argentina-s-dispute-over-the-falkland.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands sovereignty dispute, United Kingdom_
3. [The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom  David Cameron say the future of the Falkland Islands is up to its inhabitants, not Argentina. His statement comes after the President of Argentina Cristina Fernndez de Kirchner urged the prime minister to abide by a 1965 UN resolution to "negotiate a solution" to the dispute. ](/news/2013/01/3/the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-say-the-future-of-the-falkland-islands-is-up-to-its-inhabitants-not-argentina-his.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands, Falkland Islands sovereignty dispute_
4. [On the 30th anniversary of the Falklands War between the United Kingdom and Argentina, Argentina threatens action against United States and United Kingdom banks, while UK Prime Minister David Cameron calls Argentina's 1982 invasion "a profound wrong". ](/news/2012/04/2/on-the-30th-anniversary-of-the-falklands-war-between-the-united-kingdom-and-argentina-argentina-threatens-action-against-united-states-and.md) _Context: Argentina, United Kingdom, dispute_
5. [Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, the President of Argentina, states that Argentina will lodge a complaint with the United Nations Security Council and the United Nations General Assembly about the alleged "militarisation" of the area around the Falkland Islands by the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/02/7/cristina-ferna-ndez-de-kirchner-the-president-of-argentina-states-that-argentina-will-lodge-a-complaint-with-the-united-nations-security-c.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands, United Kingdom_
6. [Prince William arrives in the Falkland Islands for a tour of duty as a Royal Air Force search and rescue pilot. His deployment comes at a time of high tension between the United Kingdom and Argentina over the sovereignty of the islands. ](/news/2012/02/2/prince-william-arrives-in-the-falkland-islands-for-a-tour-of-duty-as-a-royal-air-force-search-and-rescue-pilot-his-deployment-comes-at-a-ti.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands, United Kingdom_
7. [Argentina's foreign minister Hector Timerman issues a formal complaint to the United Nations about British "militarisation" of seas around the Falkland Islands. ](/news/2012/02/10/argentina-s-foreign-minister-ha-c-ctor-timerman-issues-a-formal-complaint-to-the-united-nations-about-british-militarisation-of-seas-around.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands, United Nations_
8. [Argentina, Brazil and Uruguay agree to close their ports to ships flying the flag of the Falkland Islands at a Mercosur meeting; Argentina and the United Kingdom both claim the islands. ](/news/2011/12/21/argentina-brazil-and-uruguay-agree-to-close-their-ports-to-ships-flying-the-flag-of-the-falkland-islands-at-a-mercosur-meeting-argentina-a.md) _Context: Argentina, Falkland Islands, United Kingdom_
9. [The World Meteorological Organization (WMO) confirms a 19-meter wave (62.4 feet) recorded  on 4 February 2013 in the Atlantic Ocean between Iceland and the United Kingdom is the largest ever on record. ](/news/2016/12/13/the-world-meteorological-organization-wmo-confirms-a-19-meter-wave-62-4-feet-recorded-on-4-february-2013-in-the-atlantic-ocean-between.md) _Context: Atlantic, United Kingdom_
10. [The United Kingdom's Met Office warns of major travel disruption due to heavy rain, flooding and "damaging" high winds as Storm Katie moves in from the Atlantic Ocean bringing winds of up to 75mph. ](/news/2016/03/28/the-united-kingdom-s-met-office-warns-of-major-travel-disruption-due-to-heavy-rain-flooding-and-damaging-high-winds-as-storm-katie-moves.md) _Context: Atlantic, United Kingdom_
