### [2016-03-29](/news/2016/03/29/index.md)

# Candidate Donald Trump says he will no longer honor his pledge to support the eventual Republican Party pick for president because, "I have been treated very unfairly." 

Donald Trump, Ted Cruz and John Kasich all backed away from earlier pledges to support the eventual Republican nominee during a CNN town hall.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/798d65a8197a4b948695cacd3c6e7090)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2016/03/30/politics/republican-town-hall-takeaways/index.html)
3. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2016/03/29/donald-trump-rescinds-pledge-to-support-eventual-gop-nominee.html)
4. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/US/2016/03/30/Town-hall-GOP-candidates-refuse-to-back-eventual-nominee/1691459309374/?spt=rln&or=1)

### Related:

1. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016Although he narrowly lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016palthough-he-narrowly-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nom.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump, R_
2. [Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton and Republican Party nominee Donald Trump hold the first presidential debate of the 2016 presidential election at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York. ](/news/2016/09/26/democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-republican-party-nominee-donald-trump-hold-the-first-presidential-debate-of-the-2016-presidenti.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump, R_
3. [The Commission on Presidential Debates officially announces the invitation of Democratic Party nominee Hillary Clinton, and GOP nominee Donald Trump, to the first presidential debate at Hofstra University in Hempstead, New York, on September 26. However, third party candidates, Gary Johnson and Jill Stein, have not met the criteria, and will not be participants in the debate. ](/news/2016/09/16/the-commission-on-presidential-debates-officially-announces-the-invitation-of-democratic-party-nominee-hillary-clinton-and-gop-nominee-dona.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump, R_
4. [A Filipino lawmaker proposes a bill banning Republican U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the Philippines after Trump compared Filipino legal immigrants to terrorists. ](/news/2016/08/8/a-filipino-lawmaker-proposes-a-bill-banning-republican-u-s-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-from-entering-the-philippines-after-trump-co.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump, R_
5. [Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump says he plans to ban immigration from Afghanistan, Iraq, Morocco, Pakistan, the Philippines, Somalia, Syria, Uzbekistan and Yemen. ](/news/2016/08/5/republican-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-says-he-plans-to-ban-immigration-from-afghanistan-iraq-morocco-pakistan-the-philippines.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump, R_
6. [Mexico-United States relations U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump meets with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto in Mexico City after accepting an invitation from him. ](/news/2016/08/31/mexicoaunited-states-relations-pu-s-republican-presidential-nominee-donald-trump-meets-with-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-in-mexi.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump, R_
7. [Democratic presidential election nominee Hillary Clinton accuses Russian intelligence services of being behind recent hacks into Democratic National Committee computers, while also accusing Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump of supporting Russian President Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2016/07/31/democratic-presidential-election-nominee-hillary-clinton-accuses-russian-intelligence-services-of-being-behind-recent-hacks-into-democratic.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump, R_
8. [During a press conference, Republican nominee Donald Trump calls on Russia to find Hillary Clinton's 30,000 missing emails. ](/news/2016/07/27/during-a-press-conference-republican-nominee-donald-trump-calls-on-russia-to-find-hillary-clinton-s-30-000-missing-emails.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump, R_
9. [Donald Trump accepts the nomination of the Republican Party in the 2016 US Presidential election. ](/news/2016/07/21/donald-trump-accepts-the-nomination-of-the-republican-party-in-the-2016-us-presidential-election.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump, R_
10. [American conservative columnist George Will tells the Federalist Society that he is no longer a Republican because of Donald Trump, and has officially changed his Maryland voter registration from the GOP to ''unaffiliated''. ](/news/2016/06/24/american-conservative-columnist-george-will-tells-the-federalist-society-that-he-is-no-longer-a-republican-because-of-donald-trump-and-has.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Donald Trump, R_
