### [2016-03-29](/news/2016/03/29/index.md)

# Corey Lewandowski, campaign manager for U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump, is charged with battery for allegedly grabbing former Breitbart News journalist Michelle Fields on March 8. 

Nearly a month of jousting on social media culminated Tuesday in the arrest of a top Donald Trump presidential campaign aide on misdemeanor battery charges following a March 8 incident involving a reporter.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2016/03/30/us/politics/trump-campaign-manager-corey-lewandowski.html)
2. [The Palm Beach Post](http://www.palmbeachpost.com/news/news/local/trump-aide-charged-with-misdemeanor-battery-on-ex-/nqtkY/)

### Related:

1. [James Comey, the former FBI Director who was dismissed by President Donald Trump last month, appears before the United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. Comey says he believes he was fired because of the FBI investigation into the possible collusion between President Trump's campaign team and Russia's interference in the 2016 elections.](/news/2017/06/8/james-comey-the-former-fbi-director-who-was-dismissed-by-president-donald-trump-last-month-appears-before-the-united-states-senate-select.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Trump's campaign team_
2. [President-elect Donald Trump names his former presidential campaign manager Kellyanne Conway as his Counselor to the President. ](/news/2016/12/22/president-elect-donald-trump-names-his-former-presidential-campaign-manager-kellyanne-conway-as-his-counselor-to-the-president.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Trump's campaign team_
3. [A study of former fashion model and current wife of presidential candidate Donald Trump Melania Trump's work history shows that she was an illegal worker in the United States before she received legal authorization. ](/news/2016/11/4/a-study-of-former-fashion-model-and-current-wife-of-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-melania-trump-s-work-history-shows-that-she-was-an-i.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Trump's campaign team_
4. [Luis Videgaray Caso resigns as Mexico's finance minister amid fallout over President Enrique Pena Nieto's controversial meeting with U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump in Mexico City. Videgaray is revealed to have been the main advocate of arranging the meeting. ](/news/2016/09/7/luis-videgaray-caso-resigns-as-mexico-s-finance-minister-amid-fallout-over-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-s-controversial-meeting-with-u-s-p.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Trump's campaign team_
5. [Paul Manafort resigns as chairman of Donald Trump's presidential campaign. ](/news/2016/08/19/paul-manafort-resigns-as-chairman-of-donald-trump-s-presidential-campaign.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Trump's campaign team_
6. [Conservative leaders seeking an alternative to the Republican Party's presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump are urging Tennessee attorney and ''National Review'' writer David French to enter the 2016 presidential race as an independent candidate. ](/news/2016/05/31/conservative-leaders-seeking-an-alternative-to-the-republican-party-s-presumptive-presidential-nominee-donald-trump-are-urging-tennessee-att.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Trump's campaign team_
7. [Federal District Judge Gonzalo Curiel unseals documents requested by ''The Washington Post'' that had been filed with the court in connection  with pending civil cases against Trump University, a former business of the Republican Party's presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump. The judge noted that Trump's candidacy has increased interest in these cases, and that Trump's comments "... (have) placed the integrity of these court proceedings at issue." ](/news/2016/05/28/federal-district-judge-gonzalo-curiel-unseals-documents-requested-by-the-washington-post-that-had-been-filed-with-the-court-in-connectio.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Trump's campaign team_
8. [CIA Director John Brennan,  in an exclusive interview to air on NBC News tonight, says the United States intelligence agency will not use harsh, enhanced interrogation techniques, including waterboarding, even if ordered  by a future president. Presidential candidates Donald Trump and Ted Cruz have discussed  using waterboarding if elected. ](/news/2016/04/11/cia-director-john-brennan-in-an-exclusive-interview-to-air-on-nbc-news-tonight-says-the-united-states-intelligence-agency-will-not-use-ha.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Trump's campaign team_
9. [The FBI's Joint Terrorism Task Force, United States Secret Service and New York City Police Department are investigating a letter containing a suspicious white powder and a threatening note which was sent to the home of Eric Trump, son of Donald Trump, in New York City. The handwritten note within the letter said: "If your father does not drop out of the race, the next envelope won't be a fake." It was signed "X". ](/news/2016/03/18/the-fbi-s-joint-terrorism-task-force-united-states-secret-service-and-new-york-city-police-department-are-investigating-a-letter-containing.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Trump's campaign team_
10. [A protestor attempts to storm the stage as Donald Trump was talking at a rally in Dayton, Ohio, causing Secret Service agents to jump on the stage and form a wall around the presidential candidate amid the chaos. The suspect was identified as Thomas Dimassimo, 32, and was charged with disorderly conduct and inducing panic, according to Chief Mike Etter of the Dayton Police Department. Dimassimo is a Black Lives Matter activist. ](/news/2016/03/12/a-protestor-attempts-to-storm-the-stage-as-donald-trump-was-talking-at-a-rally-in-dayton-ohio-causing-secret-service-agents-to-jump-on-the.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Trump's campaign team_
