### [2016-03-29](/news/2016/03/29/index.md)

# Obamacare constitutional challenges, ''Zubik v. Burwell''In a move designed to head off a 4-4 decision, the U.S. Supreme Court directs lawyers for the Obama administration, and for the religious groups who challenge it, to submit written briefs on a possible remedy to the case: whether coverage could be provided through the group's insurance companies without any actual notice to the government. A 4-4 decision would not set a national precedent, and would let stand the preceding decision in each case. In these seven cases, the appeals court in six upheld the government mandate. 

The U.S. Supreme Court today asked new questions in one of the term&#x27;s most contentious cases, involving the contraceptive requirements of Obamacare.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/supreme-court-raises-new-obamacare-questions-n547421)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. Court of Appeals in New Orleans, Louisiana, in a 2-1 decision, upholds a lower court's injunction that blocks implementation of an Executive order to shield from deportation millions of undocumented immigrants  who entered the United States  as children. The White House is considering an appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-u-s-court-of-appeals-in-new-orleans-louisiana-in-a-2-1-decision-upholds-a-lower-courtas-injunction-that-blocks-implementation-of-a.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court, appeals court_
2. [The U.S. Supreme Court agrees to hear federal subsidies cases concerning the law. ](/news/2014/11/7/the-u-s-supreme-court-agrees-to-hear-federal-subsidies-cases-concerning-the-law.md) _Context: Obamacare constitutional challenges, United States Supreme Court_
3. [The U.S. Supreme Court agrees to hear certain major religious freedom cases that will decide whether a company that is for-profit (including family-run ones)- and other entities who are not themselves churches- can refuse to provide contraceptive coverage that would otherwise be required under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; lower courts are split. ](/news/2013/11/26/the-u-s-supreme-court-agrees-to-hear-certain-major-religious-freedom-cases-that-will-decide-whether-a-company-that-is-for-profit-including.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court, appeals court_
4. [The United States Supreme Court rejects two of North Carolina's congressional districts because they violated the Constitution by relying  too heavily on race in drawing them. ](/news/2017/05/22/the-united-states-supreme-court-rejects-two-of-north-carolina-s-congressional-districts-because-they-violated-the-constitution-by-relying-t.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
5. [The U.S. Supreme Court rules that the North Carolina state legislative members do not have standing to request an appeal of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ruling against a law which it found discriminated against black voters. ](/news/2017/05/15/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-the-north-carolina-state-legislative-members-do-not-have-standing-to-request-an-appeal-of-the-u-s-court-o.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
6. [Neil Gorsuch is confirmed as the 113th justice of the Supreme Court of the United States by a 54-45 vote in the United States Senate after invocation of the "nuclear option". ](/news/2017/04/7/neil-gorsuch-is-confirmed-as-the-113th-justice-of-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-by-a-54a45-vote-in-the-united-states-senate-after.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
7. [The Supreme Court of the United States refuses to vacate a stay of execution issued by the Arkansas Supreme Court. Arkansas's highest court has also put on hold the execution of another inmate, Bruce Ward. The state had planned to execute eight inmates in eleven days. That schedule, as well as the use of the drug midazolam, sparked a broad range of legal challenges and humanitarian concerns about the executions. Today's planned execution of Don W. Davis would have been the state's first since 2005. ](/news/2017/04/18/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-refuses-to-vacate-a-stay-of-execution-issued-by-the-arkansas-supreme-court-arkansas-s-highest-court.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
8. [U.S. President Donald Trump's lawyers tell a federal court, in a case alleging negligence and incitement to riot during a 2016 campaign rally in Louisville, Kentucky, that he is "immune from suit because he is President of the United States." A lawyer for the plaintiffs responds that, in ''Clinton v. Jones'', the Supreme Court found the president could be sued for events that occurred before he took office. ](/news/2017/04/15/u-s-president-donald-trump-s-lawyers-tell-a-federal-court-in-a-case-alleging-negligence-and-incitement-to-riot-during-a-2016-campaign-rall.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
9. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
10. [The Senate Judiciary Committee begins hearings on the nomination of Judge Neil M. Gorsuch to the Supreme Court of the United States. ](/news/2017/03/20/the-senate-judiciary-committee-begins-hearings-on-the-nomination-of-judge-neil-m-gorsuch-to-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
