### [2016-03-29](/news/2016/03/29/index.md)

# Tanzanian general election, 2015: The Millennium Challenge Corporation, a United States foreign aid agency, pulls $472m of funding for a Tanzanian electricity project after concluding that the election held in Zanzibar "was neither inclusive nor representative". Zanzibar, a semi-autonomous part of Tanzania, held a rerun of its election that was boycotted by the opposition after it was previously annulled because of supposed fraud. 

A US government aid agency pulls $472m (£331m) of funding for a Tanzanian electricity project after criticising elections in Zanzibar.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-35917339)

### Related:

1. [Tanzanian general election, 2015: Tanzania's opposition Chadema party presidential candidate Edward Lowassa calls for a recount of Sunday's election for the presidency before official results are announced tomorrow. Meanwhile, the election commission chief of semi-autonomous Zanzibar nullifies their results, which opposition presidential candidate Seif Sharif Hamad of the Civic United Front announced he won on Monday. The United States said it's "gravely alarmed" and called for reversal of the annulment. ](/news/2015/10/28/tanzanian-general-election-2015-tanzania-s-opposition-chadema-party-presidential-candidate-edward-lowassa-calls-for-a-recount-of-sunday-s.md) _Context: Tanzania, Tanzanian general election, 2015, United States, Zanzibar_
2. [Tanzanian general election, 2015: A rerun of Zanzibar's presidential election takes place amid an opposition boycott. The election originally occurred at the same time as Tanzania's general election in 2015 but was annulled because of supposed fraud. ](/news/2016/03/20/tanzanian-general-election-2015-a-rerun-of-zanzibar-s-presidential-election-takes-place-amid-an-opposition-boycott-the-election-originall.md) _Context: Tanzania, Tanzanian general election, 2015, Zanzibar_
3. [Tanzanian general election, 2015: Voters in Tanzania, including Tanganyika and semi-autonomous Zanzibar, which also elects its own government, go to the polls for an election with the ruling Chama Cha Mapinduzi (Revolutionary Party) facing the greatest challenge to its dominance in over 50 years. ](/news/2015/10/25/tanzanian-general-election-2015-voters-in-tanzania-including-tanganyika-and-semi-autonomous-zanzibar-which-also-elects-its-own-governmen.md) _Context: Tanzania, Tanzanian general election, 2015, Zanzibar_
4. [1998 United States embassy bombings: Abu Anas al-Libi, a one-time associate of Osama bin Laden, dies in New York, United States, while awaiting trial for allegedly plotting the bombings of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania. ](/news/2015/01/2/1998-united-states-embassy-bombings-abu-anas-al-libi-a-one-time-associate-of-osama-bin-laden-dies-in-new-york-united-states-while-await.md) _Context: Tanzania, United States_
5. [78 people are killed and 66 are reported missing after the MV Skagit, a ferry carrying 280 people sinks off the coast of Zanzibar on its way from Tanzania. ](/news/2012/07/18/78-people-are-killed-and-66-are-reported-missing-after-the-mv-skagit-a-ferry-carrying-280-people-sinks-off-the-coast-of-zanzibar-on-its-way.md) _Context: Tanzania, Zanzibar_
6. [The first civilian trial of a person formerly imprisoned by the United States in Guantanamo Bay begins in New York. According to his lawyers Ahmed Ghailani of Tanzania was tortured. ](/news/2010/10/6/the-first-civilian-trial-of-a-person-formerly-imprisoned-by-the-united-states-in-guanta-namo-bay-begins-in-new-york-according-to-his-lawyer.md) _Context: Tanzania, United States_
7. [115th United States Congress: U.S. lawmakers break for summer recess. ](/news/2017/08/3/115th-united-states-congress-u-s-lawmakers-break-for-summer-recess.md) _Context: United States_
8. [Solar eclipse of August 21, 2017: Millions of United States residents and visitors are able to witness a total solar eclipse that crosses through North America. It is the first total solar eclipse visible across the entire contiguous United States since the solar eclipse of June 8, 1918. ](/news/2017/08/21/solar-eclipse-of-august-21-2017-millions-of-united-states-residents-and-visitors-are-able-to-witness-a-total-solar-eclipse-that-crosses-th.md) _Context: United States_
9. [Immigration policy of Donald Trump: United States President Donald Trump, together with Senators Tom Cotton and David Perdue, unveils the RAISE Act, a plan that would, if passed, reduce legal immigration to the U.S. by half each year, and implement a "merit-based system" prioritizing skilled workers, instead of the current family-based chain migration system. ](/news/2017/08/2/immigration-policy-of-donald-trump-united-states-president-donald-trump-together-with-senators-tom-cotton-and-david-perdue-unveils-the-ra.md) _Context: United States_
10. [Gene editing: Teams of United States-based researchers, composed of American, Chinese and South Korean scientists, successfully edit a piece of faulty DNA that causes a deadly form of heart disease from cells in human embryos. ](/news/2017/08/2/gene-editing-teams-of-united-states-based-researchers-composed-of-american-chinese-and-south-korean-scientists-successfully-edit-a-piece.md) _Context: United States_
