### [2016-03-29](/news/2016/03/29/index.md)

# Terminix, in the U.S. District Court in St. Thomas, Virgin Islands, admits it "knowingly" applied fumigants including methyl bromide, which the EPA banned for residential use in 1984, at a resort in St. John that seriously sickened a family of four, and agrees to pay $10 million in fines and restitution. 

A family of four was severely sickened following a Terminix fumigation at a U.S. Virgin Islands resort last year, federal authorities said.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/terminix-pay-10-million-using-banned-pesticide-sickened-family-n547566)
2. [NBC News²](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/family-four-sickened-u-s-virgin-islands-resort-after-fumigation-n336401)

### Related:

1. [U.S. Representative Matt Gaetz proposes a bill to eliminate the United States Environmental Protection Agency. ](/news/2017/02/6/u-s-representative-matt-gaetz-proposes-a-bill-to-eliminate-the-united-states-environmental-protection-agency.md) _Context: the agency_
2. [With a 52-46 vote, the U.S. Senate confirms Attorney General of Oklahoma Scott Pruitt as the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. Breaking with party lines, Republican Susan Collins opposed the nomination, while Democrats Heidi Heitkamp and Joe Manchin supported Pruitt, who has been described as a climate change denier with a history of criticizing the agency he now leads. ](/news/2017/02/17/with-a-52a46-vote-the-u-s-senate-confirms-attorney-general-of-oklahoma-scott-pruitt-as-the-administrator-of-the-environmental-protection.md) _Context: the agency_
3. [The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA)  and California's CARB are  widening the Volkswagen investigation  into several more expensive VW, Porsche, and Audi automobiles with 3.0-liter diesel engines in model years 2014 through 2016. Volkswagen says it installed no defeat device software on its 3.0 litre V6 diesel cars and is cooperating with the agency to fully investigate the matter. ](/news/2015/11/2/the-u-s-environmental-protection-agency-epa-and-california-s-carb-are-widening-the-volkswagen-investigation-into-several-more-expensiv.md) _Context: the agency_
4. [Volkswagen halts sales of its 4-cylinder diesel vehicles in the United States following a U.S. Environmental Protection Agency citation that their cars violated U.S. emissions standards. ](/news/2015/09/20/volkswagen-halts-sales-of-its-4-cylinder-diesel-vehicles-in-the-united-states-following-a-u-s-environmental-protection-agency-citation-that.md) _Context: the agency_
5. [The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency orders Volkswagen to fix nearly 500,000 VW and Audi diesel cars from model years 2009-2015 that include software that circumvents EPA emissions standards. The company's illegal use of so-called "defeat devices" threaten public health, in some cases releasing 40 times the pollution standard of nitrogen oxide emissions. The company faces possible U.S. fines of up to $37,500 per vehicle for the violations which could total more than $18 billion. ](/news/2015/09/18/the-u-s-environmental-protection-agency-orders-volkswagen-to-fix-nearly-500-000-vw-and-audi-diesel-cars-from-model-years-2009-2015-that-inc.md) _Context: the agency_
6. [The Obama administration, through the United States Environmental Protection Agency announces new regulations on emissions of the greenhouse gas methane. ](/news/2015/08/18/the-obama-administration-through-the-united-states-environmental-protection-agency-announces-new-regulations-on-emissions-of-the-greenhouse.md) _Context: the agency_
7. [Minnesota sues 3M claiming they pumped PFCs, a very toxic chemical according to the United States Environmental Protection Agency, into local waterways.](/news/2010/12/30/minnesota-sues-3m-claiming-they-pumped-pfcs-a-very-toxic-chemical-according-to-the-united-states-environmental-protection-agency-into-loca.md) _Context: the agency_
8. [ The United States Environmental Protection Agency vetoes plans by the Army Corps of Engineers to build the world's largest water pump on the Mississippi River Delta raising concerns about the impact on wetlands. ](/news/2008/09/2/the-united-states-environmental-protection-agency-vetoes-plans-by-the-army-corps-of-engineers-to-build-the-world-s-largest-water-pump-on-th.md) _Context: the agency_
9. [ The United States Environmental Protection Agency announces a major expansion of efforts to fight smog in cities and towns throughout the United States. ](/news/2008/03/12/the-united-states-environmental-protection-agency-announces-a-major-expansion-of-efforts-to-fight-smog-in-cities-and-towns-throughout-the-u.md) _Context: the agency_
10. [ The United States Supreme Court rules that the Environmental Protection Agency has the authority to regulate the emission of greenhouse gases and must do so unless it can provide some scientific reason proving otherwise. ](/news/2007/04/2/the-united-states-supreme-court-rules-that-the-environmental-protection-agency-has-the-authority-to-regulate-the-emission-of-greenhouse-gas.md) _Context: the agency_
