### [2016-03-29](/news/2016/03/29/index.md)

# The Millennium Challenge Corporation, a United States foreign aid agency, pulls $472m of funding for a Tanzanian electricity project after concluding that the election held in Zanzibar "was neither inclusive nor representative". Zanzibar, a semi-autonomous part of Tanzania, held a rerun of its election that was boycotted by the opposition after it was previously annulled because of supposed fraud. 

A US government aid agency pulls $472m (£331m) of funding for a Tanzanian electricity project after criticising elections in Zanzibar.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-35917339)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/3F45/production/_88979161_gettyimages-516675438.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Tanzania's opposition Chadema party presidential candidate Edward Lowassa calls for a recount of Sunday's election for the presidency before official results are announced tomorrow. Meanwhile, the election commission chief of semi-autonomous Zanzibar nullifies their results, which opposition presidential candidate Seif Sharif Hamad of the Civic United Front announced he won on Monday. The United States said it's "gravely alarmed" and called for reversal of the annulment. ](/news/2015/10/28/tanzania-s-opposition-chadema-party-presidential-candidate-edward-lowassa-calls-for-a-recount-of-sunday-s-election-for-the-presidency-before.md) _Context: Tanzania, Tanzanian general election, 2015, United States, Zanzibar_
2. [A rerun of Zanzibar's presidential election takes place amid an opposition boycott. The election originally occurred at the same time as Tanzania's general election in 2015 but was annulled because of supposed fraud. ](/news/2016/03/20/a-rerun-of-zanzibar-s-presidential-election-takes-place-amid-an-opposition-boycott-the-election-originally-occurred-at-the-same-time-as-tan.md) _Context: Tanzania, Tanzanian general election, 2015, Zanzibar_
3. [Voters in Tanzania, including Tanganyika and semi-autonomous Zanzibar, which also elects its own government, go to the polls for an election with the ruling Chama Cha Mapinduzi (Revolutionary Party) facing the greatest challenge to its dominance in over 50 years. ](/news/2015/10/25/voters-in-tanzania-including-tanganyika-and-semi-autonomous-zanzibar-which-also-elects-its-own-government-go-to-the-polls-for-an-election.md) _Context: Tanzania, Tanzanian general election, 2015, Zanzibar_
4. [Abu Anas al-Libi, a one-time associate of Osama bin Laden, dies in New York, United States, while awaiting trial for allegedly plotting the bombings of the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania. ](/news/2015/01/2/abu-anas-al-libi-a-one-time-associate-of-osama-bin-laden-dies-in-new-york-united-states-while-awaiting-trial-for-allegedly-plotting-the.md) _Context: Tanzania, United States_
5. [78 people are killed and 66 are reported missing after the MV Skagit, a ferry carrying 280 people sinks off the coast of Zanzibar on its way from Tanzania. ](/news/2012/07/18/78-people-are-killed-and-66-are-reported-missing-after-the-mv-skagit-a-ferry-carrying-280-people-sinks-off-the-coast-of-zanzibar-on-its-way.md) _Context: Tanzania, Zanzibar_
6. [The first civilian trial of a person formerly imprisoned by the United States in Guantanamo Bay begins in New York. According to his lawyers Ahmed Ghailani of Tanzania was tortured. ](/news/2010/10/6/the-first-civilian-trial-of-a-person-formerly-imprisoned-by-the-united-states-in-guanta-namo-bay-begins-in-new-york-according-to-his-lawyer.md) _Context: Tanzania, United States_
7. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: United States_
8. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: United States_
9. [United States President Donald Trump says he will visit Puerto Rico next week. ](/news/2017/09/26/united-states-president-donald-trump-says-he-will-visit-puerto-rico-next-week.md) _Context: United States_
10. [United States Senator Susan Collins says she will vote "no" on the Graham-Cassidy bill joining Senators John McCain and Rand Paul and possibly ending the most recent effort to repeal Obamacare. ](/news/2017/09/25/united-states-senator-susan-collins-says-she-will-vote-no-on-the-grahamacassidy-bill-joining-senators-john-mccain-and-rand-paul-and-poss.md) _Context: United States_
