### [2016-03-29](/news/2016/03/29/index.md)

# The United States State Department and the Pentagon order families of U.S. diplomats and military personnel to leave posts in southern Turkey due to "increased threats from terrorist groups" in the country. This order comes two days before Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's arrival in the U.S. for security meetings. 

WASHINGTON — The State Department and Pentagon ordered the families of US diplomats and military personnel Tuesday to leave posts in southern Turkey due to &#8220;increased threats from terrorist g…


### Source:

1. [AP via ''New York Post](http://nypost.com/2016/03/29/us-orders-diplomatic-military-families-out-of-south-turkey/)
1. [Cover Image](https://thenypost.files.wordpress.com/2016/03/jet.jpg?quality=90&amp;strip=all&amp;w=1200)

### Related:

1. [The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails-to-uphold-the-principles-of-democ.md) _Context: President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey, Turkey-United States relations_
2. [President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan affirms Turkey has paid a deposit on the purchase of Russian S-400 missile systems. ](/news/2017/09/12/president-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-affirms-turkey-has-paid-a-deposit-on-the-purchase-of-russian-s-400-missile-systems.md) _Context: President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
3. [Voters in Turkey go to the polls for a referendum that seeks to replace the country's parliamentary system with an executive presidency, thereby giving President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sweeping new powers. Erdogan's AK Party has claimed victory while the opposition CHP has said that it will challenge the result. ](/news/2017/04/16/voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-that-seeks-to-replace-the-country-s-parliamentary-system-with-an-executive-presidency-the.md) _Context: President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
4. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens to open Turkey's borders to allow refugees and migrants to reach Europe after the European Parliament votes to temporarily freeze talks of Turkey's accession to the EU. ](/news/2016/11/25/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-to-open-turkey-s-borders-to-allow-refugees-and-migrants-to-reach-europe-after-the-european.md) _Context: President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
5. [The United States Department of State says Turkey has formally requested the extradition of Pennsylvania-based cleric Fethullah Gulen and is now considering the merits of the request. ](/news/2016/08/23/the-united-states-department-of-state-says-turkey-has-formally-requested-the-extradition-of-pennsylvania-based-cleric-fethullah-ga1-4len-and-i.md) _Context: State Department, Turkey, Turkey-United States relations_
6. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan warns Germany against recognizing the Armenian Genocide. ](/news/2016/06/1/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-warns-germany-against-recognizing-the-armenian-genocide.md) _Context: President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
7. [Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu announces his resignation effective 22 May amid conflict with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan over Turkey's increasingly authoritarian rule. Davutoglu said he would step down following an extraordinary meeting of AKP party leaders scheduled for May 22. ](/news/2016/05/5/turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-announces-his-resignation-effective-22-may-amid-conflict-with-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-over-t.md) _Context: President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
8. [Ebru Umar, a Dutch journalist of Turkish descent, is arrested in Kusadasi, Turkey, for tweets deemed critical of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. This comes as a political storm erupted this week over reports that the Turkish consulate asked Turkish organizations in the Netherlands to forward emails and social media posts which insult Erdogan or Turkey. ](/news/2016/04/24/ebru-umar-a-dutch-journalist-of-turkish-descent-is-arrested-in-kuaadasa-turkey-for-tweets-deemed-critical-of-president-recep-tayyip-er.md) _Context: President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
9. [A Turkish court places the influential "Zaman" newspaper under state control. "Zaman" is closely linked to the Gulen movement of influential U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, a former ally of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. ](/news/2016/03/4/a-turkish-court-places-the-influential-zaman-newspaper-under-state-control-zaman-is-closely-linked-to-the-ga1-4len-movement-of-influentia.md) _Context: President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
10. [A day after Turkey's president Recep Tayyip Erdogan had harsh words for Russia, Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu, in an essay in the London "Times", says the downing of the Russian jet, "was not -- and is not -- an act against a specific country. ... While the measures to defend our territory will remain in place, Turkey will work with Russia and our allies to calm tensions." ](/news/2015/11/28/a-day-after-turkey-s-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-had-harsh-words-for-russia-turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-in-an-essay-in-the.md) _Context: President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkey_
