### [2016-03-29](/news/2016/03/29/index.md)

# The U.S. National Labor Relations Board files an official complaint against a California warehouse after finding evidence it violated workers' rights to organize. The allegations of wrongdoing submitted by a worker group against California Cartage Company, LLC, which serves Amazon.com, Inc., Lowe's Companies. Inc., New Balance, and Sears Holdings Corp., will be heard by an NLRB administrative law judge in June 2016. None of the retailers were named in the NLRB complaint. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-labor-warehouse-idUSKCN0WW01G)

### Related:

1. [The bid for California independence ends. ](/news/2017/04/17/the-bid-for-california-independence-ends.md) _Context: California_
2. [In a 6&ndash;2 decision (''NLRB v. SW General, Inc''), the U.S. Supreme Court puts new restrictions on presidential powers, limiting a president's authority to staff certain top government posts in a case involving an appointment to the National Labor Relations Board saying that under the Federal Vacancies Reform Act, a person cannot serve as the acting head of a federal agency once the president nominates him or her to permanently serve in the role if it is a position that requires U.S. Senate confirmation. The court upholds a lower court's ruling that then-President Barack Obama exceeded his legal authority with his temporary appointment of an NLRB general counsel in 2011. The ruling will give President Donald Trump and future presidents less flexibility in filling jobs that require Senate confirmation. ](/news/2017/03/21/in-a-6-ndash-2-decision-nlrb-v-sw-general-inc-the-u-s-supreme-court-puts-new-restrictions-on-presidential-powers-limiting-a-presi.md) _Context: National Labor Relations Board_
3. [The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to  stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-asks-a-federal-judge-to-stop-o.md) _Context: California_
4. [Seattle-based Amazon.com says it  will create 15,000 new full-time jobs across Europe by the end of 2017, increasing its European workforce by approximately 30 percent. ](/news/2017/02/20/seattle-based-amazon-com-says-it-will-create-15-000-new-full-time-jobs-across-europe-by-the-end-of-2017-increasing-its-european-workforce.md) _Context: Amazon.com_
5. [U.S. President Donald Trump names  Florida International University College of Law Dean  and former National Labor Relations Board member Alexander Acosta to be Secretary of Labor. The President's initial nominee, Andy Puzder, withdrew his nomination yesterday. ](/news/2017/02/16/u-s-president-donald-trump-names-florida-international-university-college-of-law-dean-and-former-national-labor-relations-board-member-al.md) _Context: National Labor Relations Board_
6. [A California storm in the Calaveras Big Trees State Park fells the 1,000-year-old American tree, the Pioneer Cabin Tree. ](/news/2017/01/9/a-california-storm-in-the-calaveras-big-trees-state-park-fells-the-1-000-year-old-american-tree-the-pioneer-cabin-tree.md) _Context: California_
7. [Sears Holdings announces that 108 Kmart and 42 Sears stores will close in the United States in 2017, affecting retailers in 40 states. The company also announced it is selling its trademark Craftsman tool brand to Stanley Black & Decker for $900 million. ](/news/2017/01/5/sears-holdings-announces-that-108-kmart-and-42-sears-stores-will-close-in-the-united-states-in-2017-affecting-retailers-in-40-states-the-c.md) _Context: Sears Holdings_
8. [Yes California, the campaign to reinstate the independence of California launches its signature campaign. ](/news/2017/01/27/yes-california-the-campaign-to-reinstate-the-independence-of-california-launches-its-signature-campaign.md) _Context: California_
9. [California Governor Jerry Brown declares a state of emergency in 50 counties, as winter storms kill four and cause millions of dollars in damage. ](/news/2017/01/24/california-governor-jerry-brown-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-50-counties-as-winter-storms-kill-four-and-cause-millions-of-dollars-in-da.md) _Context: California_
10. [Uber suspends tests of its self-driving cars in San Francisco, California, after the California Department of Motor Vehicles revoked the registration of the vehicles in the state in response to two red-light violations. ](/news/2016/12/21/uber-suspends-tests-of-its-self-driving-cars-in-san-francisco-california-after-the-california-department-of-motor-vehicles-revoked-the-reg.md) _Context: California_
