### [2016-03-29](/news/2016/03/29/index.md)

# Two police officers are killed and four others are wounded in the western Venezuelan city of San Cristobal after they were run over by a bus driven by young men protesting a hike in public transport fares, according to government officials and Reuters witnesses. 

Two police officers were killed and four wounded on Tuesday in the western Venezuelan city of San Cristobal after they were hit by a bus driven by young men protesting a hike in public transport fares, according to government officials and Reuters witnesses.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-venezuela-protests-idUSKCN0WV2K3)
1. [Cover Image](http://s3.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20160329&t=2&i=1128709070&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXNPEC2S1EQ)

### Related:

1. [Violence breaks out in the Venezuelan city of San Cristobal between students and police after a supreme court ruling curtailed the power of the opposition-controlled National Assembly to review government appointments of Supreme Court justices. ](/news/2016/03/3/violence-breaks-out-in-the-venezuelan-city-of-san-crista3bal-between-students-and-police-after-a-supreme-court-ruling-curtailed-the-power-of.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests, San Cristobal, Venezuela_
2. [An unknown gunman shoots a Venezuelan police officer dead. Two other officers sustain injuries during protests against the Government of Venezuela. Approximately 120 Opposition supporters also sustain injuries during the protests. ](/news/2016/10/26/an-unknown-gunman-shoots-a-venezuelan-police-officer-dead-two-other-officers-sustain-injuries-during-protests-against-the-government-of-ven.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests, Venezuelan police officer_
3. [Venezuelan opposition leaders say they have now secured enough signatures on a petition to move to the next stage in a recall referendum of President Nicolas Maduro. The process must now be validated by electoral officials. ](/news/2016/06/25/venezuelan-opposition-leaders-say-they-have-now-secured-enough-signatures-on-a-petition-to-move-to-the-next-stage-in-a-recall-referendum-of.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests, Venezuela_
4. [Per Venezuela's National Electoral Council's ruling, citizens across the country queue up for fingerprint validation of 1,850,000 signatures on referendum to recall President Nicolas Maduro. The opposition Democratic Unity Roundtable must validate 197,000 signatures (1 percent of registered voters) by Friday, in this first step of the recall referendum process. ](/news/2016/06/20/per-venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-s-ruling-citizens-across-the-country-queue-up-for-fingerprint-validation-of-1-850-000-signatures.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests, Venezuela_
5. [Protests erupt in various cities of Venezuela as the country faces increased food and power shortages, forcing the government to ration them, leading to widespread looting and violence. According to the opposition, who control the National Assembly, over a million people support its bid to start a referendum on ousting President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/04/29/protests-erupt-in-various-cities-of-venezuela-as-the-country-faces-increased-food-and-power-shortages-forcing-the-government-to-ration-them.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests, Venezuela_
6. [The opposition controlled National Assembly of Venezuela passes an amnesty bill that could potentially free over 70 opposition leaders and activists jailed during protests last year, including prominent leader Leopoldo Lopez. ](/news/2016/03/30/the-opposition-controlled-national-assembly-of-venezuela-passes-an-amnesty-bill-that-could-potentially-free-over-70-opposition-leaders-and-a.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests, Venezuela_
7. [According to a new poll, two-thirds of Venezuelans think President Nicolas Maduro should end his presidency this year or be removed via a recall referendum amid a worsening economic crisis. In the event of a referendum, 52.1 percent of Venezuelans would vote to remove him from office, up from 44.5 percent in January, according to the poll. ](/news/2016/03/27/according-to-a-new-poll-two-thirds-of-venezuelans-think-president-nicola-s-maduro-should-end-his-presidency-this-year-or-be-removed-via-a-r.md) _Context: 2014-16 Venezuelan protests, Venezuela_
8. [Daniel "El Loco" Barrera, a Colombian crime boss accused of alliances with guerrilla groups and drug trafficking crimes, is captured in San Cristobal, Venezuela. ](/news/2012/09/20/daniel-el-loco-barrera-a-colombian-crime-boss-accused-of-alliances-with-guerrilla-groups-and-drug-trafficking-crimes-is-captured-in-san.md) _Context: San Cristobal, Venezuela_
9. [The U.S. imposes new sanctions on eight Venezuelan officials, including Secretary of the 2017 Constituent Assembly Adan Chavez - the late President Hugo Chavez's brother, to "deter further democratic backsliding" in the South American country. ](/news/2017/08/9/the-u-s-imposes-new-sanctions-on-eight-venezuelan-officials-including-secretary-of-the-2017-constituent-assembly-ada-n-cha-vez-the-late.md) _Context: Venezuela_
10. [Socorro Flores Liera, Mexico's deputy foreign minister for Latin America and the Caribbean, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Mexico City, that during the first half of 2017, 1,420 Venezuelans have sought asylum in Mexico, a nearly four-fold jump compared to the 361 total Venezuelan asylum applicants for all of 2016, as the result of Venezuela's deepening political and economic crisis. ](/news/2017/08/4/socorro-flores-liera-mexico-s-deputy-foreign-minister-for-latin-america-and-the-caribbean-speaks-during-an-interview-with-reuters-in-mexic.md) _Context: Venezuela_
