### [2010-09-30](/news/2010/09/30/index.md)

# China's state-run Xinhua News Agency reports that the computer worm Stuxnet has affected 6&nbsp;million computers and almost 1,000 enterprises in the country. 

The Stuxnet computer worm has wreaked havoc in China, infecting millions of computers around the country, state media reported this week.


### Source:

1. [Economic Times](http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/infotech/internet/Worlds-first-cyber-superweapon-attacks-China/articleshow/6658468.cms)
2. [Wall Street Journal](http://online.wsj.com/article/BT-CO-20100929-716857.html)

### Related:

1. [An English-language Chinese propaganda video from Xinhua, entitled "The Spark: 7 Sins of India" about the Doklam stand-off involving China, India and Bhutan, goes viral and sparks anger within India. ](/news/2017/08/17/an-english-language-chinese-propaganda-video-from-xinhua-entitled-the-spark-7-sins-of-india-about-the-doklam-stand-off-involving-china.md) _Context: Xinhua_
2. [China's People's Liberation Army Air Force says it has conducted "combat patrols" near the disputed Spratly Islands and Scarborough Shoal in the South China Sea as part of an effort to normalize such drills and respond to security threats. Xian H-6 strategic bombers and Su-30 fighter jets took part in the patrols, according to Xinhua News Agency. ](/news/2016/08/6/china-s-people-s-liberation-army-air-force-says-it-has-conducted-combat-patrols-near-the-disputed-spratly-islands-and-scarborough-shoal-in.md) _Context: Xinhua_
3. [At least 21 people are killed and five are injured following an explosion at a power plant in the city of Dangyang, Hubei province in central China. The blast occurred around 3:20 p.m. local time, when a high-pressure steam pipe exploded, according to China's official Xinhua News Agency. ](/news/2016/08/11/at-least-21-people-are-killed-and-five-are-injured-following-an-explosion-at-a-power-plant-in-the-city-of-dangyang-hubei-province-in-centra.md) _Context: Xinhua_
4. [Chinese state media Xinhua News Agency criticizes Taiwan President Tsai Ing-wen as politically extreme and lacking emotional balance because she is unmarried and does not have children. ](/news/2016/05/26/chinese-state-media-xinhua-news-agency-criticizes-taiwan-president-tsai-ing-wen-as-politically-extreme-and-lacking-emotional-balance-because.md) _Context: Xinhua_
5. [One Chinese national is killed and three others injured in a possible militant attack on a Chinese-invested company in Laos, the official Xinhua News Agency reports. ](/news/2016/03/2/one-chinese-national-is-killed-and-three-others-injured-in-a-possible-militant-attack-on-a-chinese-invested-company-in-laos-the-official-xi.md) _Context: Xinhua_
6. [Japan's prime minister Shinzo Abe says he is considering sending Japanese Navy warships to the South China Sea to back-up U.S. naval operations, saying, "With regard to activity by the Self-Defense Forces in the South China Sea, I will consider it while focusing on what effect the situation has on Japan's security." In response, China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson, Hong Lei, told Chinese state media that China will remain on "high alert for intervention by Japan in the South China Sea issue". ](/news/2015/11/21/japan-s-prime-minister-shinza-abe-says-he-is-considering-sending-japanese-navy-warships-to-the-south-china-sea-to-back-up-u-s-naval-operat.md) _Context: Xinhua_
7. [Chinese state news agency Xinhua joins critics of Shenyang's handling of serious pollution problems. "The city of Shenyang has failed to apply emergency measures that could have reduced smog, and didn't provide advisories to residents to stay indoors," Xinhua wrote. The BBC reported pollution readings in the northeastern Chinese city have been 50 times higher than levels considered safe by the World Health Organization (WHO). ](/news/2015/11/10/chinese-state-news-agency-xinhua-joins-critics-of-shenyang-s-handling-of-serious-pollution-problems-the-city-of-shenyang-has-failed-to-app.md) _Context: Xinhua_
8. [Iran rebuffs a Stuxnet-style computer worm attack on a power plant in southern Iran. Tehran accuses Israel and the United States of planting the malware. ](/news/2012/12/25/iran-rebuffs-a-stuxnet-style-computer-worm-attack-on-a-power-plant-in-southern-iran-tehran-accuses-israel-and-the-united-states-of-planting.md) _Context: Stuxnet_
9. [A Chinese state news commentary on recent U.S. "red line" remarks states that, once again, Western powers are digging deep for excuses to intervene militarily in another conflict-torn Middle East country. It sharply denounces the U.S.' "calculus". ](/news/2012/08/22/a-chinese-state-news-commentary-on-recent-u-s-red-line-remarks-states-that-once-again-western-powers-are-digging-deep-for-excuses-to-in.md) _Context: Xinhua_
10. [Researchers uncover direct links between the Flame and Stuxnet cyber-attacks on Iran, saying the attackers worked together on both at early stages of each threat's development. ](/news/2012/06/11/researchers-uncover-direct-links-between-the-flame-and-stuxnet-cyber-attacks-on-iran-saying-the-attackers-worked-together-on-both-at-early.md) _Context: Stuxnet_
