### [2010-09-30](/news/2010/09/30/index.md)

# China and the United States officially resume military ties after a 10-month break following US arms sales to Taiwan, with the two countries emphasizing the importance of a close military dialogue. The two countries will also confer on maritime issues next month.

The United States and China are to resume military contacts after a hiatus of more than six months.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-11437758)
2. [Business Week](http://www.businessweek.com/news/2010-09-29/china-u-s-turn-to-maritime-agenda-as-military-talks-resume.html)

### Related:

1. [The People's Republic of China lodges a complaint with the United States after President-elect of the United States Donald Trump speaks with President of Taiwan Tsai Ing-wen. The PRC and the United States view Taiwan as a breakaway province. ](/news/2016/12/3/the-people-s-republic-of-china-lodges-a-complaint-with-the-united-states-after-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-speaks-with.md) _Context: China, United States, the Republic of China_
2. [The President of Taiwan Ma Ying-jeou visits Taiping Island, Taiwan's largest island in the South China Sea, despite the United States warning it could provoke diplomatic tensions with the People's Republic of China and other nations in the area. ](/news/2016/01/28/the-president-of-taiwan-ma-ying-jeou-visits-taiping-island-taiwan-s-largest-island-in-the-south-china-sea-despite-the-united-states-warnin.md) _Context: China, United States, the Republic of China_
3. [ Four state-owned enterprises of the Republic of China (Taiwan)--Chunghwa Post, the Chinese Petroleum Corporation, the China Shipbuilding Corporation, and the Central Bank of China--change their names to remove "China" from their titles at the request of President Chen Shui-bian. The decision is condemned by the Pan-Blue Coalition, the United States and People's Republic of China as a move towards Taiwan independence. ](/news/2007/02/12/four-state-owned-enterprises-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-achunghwa-post-the-chinese-petroleum-corporation-the-china-shipbuilding-c.md) _Context: China, United States, the Republic of China_
4. [The United States plans to sell Taiwan $1.42 billion in arms, the first such sale under the administration of Donald Trump. ](/news/2017/06/29/the-united-states-plans-to-sell-taiwan-1-42-billion-in-arms-the-first-such-sale-under-the-administration-of-donald-trump.md) _Context: United States, the Republic of China_
5. [A spokesman for the Taiwan Affairs Office of People's Republic of China says Taiwan is barred from observing this year's World Health Assembly because current President Tsai Ing-wen has not endorsed the Beijing view that both sides belong to a single China under the One-China policy; the spokesman further said that the health of people in Taiwan is not being put at risk by Taiwan's inability to attend. ](/news/2017/05/10/a-spokesman-for-the-taiwan-affairs-office-of-people-s-republic-of-china-says-taiwan-is-barred-from-observing-this-yearas-world-health-asse.md) _Context: China, the Republic of China_
6. [The People's Republic of China returns a United States unmanned underwater drone that it seized in the South China Sea last week. ](/news/2016/12/20/the-people-s-republic-of-china-returns-a-united-states-unmanned-underwater-drone-that-it-seized-in-the-south-china-sea-last-week.md) _Context: China, United States_
7. [United States President-elect Donald Trump holds a telephone conversation with Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen, the first known contact between a U.S. president or president-elect with a Taiwanese leader since the United States recognized the People's Republic of China in 1979. ](/news/2016/12/2/united-states-president-elect-donald-trump-holds-a-telephone-conversation-with-taiwanese-president-tsai-ing-wen-the-first-known-contact-bet.md) _Context: China, United States_
8. [The People's Republic of China cuts communication mechanism with Taiwan after the new government refuses to acknowledge the One China policy. ](/news/2016/06/25/the-people-s-republic-of-china-cuts-communication-mechanism-with-taiwan-after-the-new-government-refuses-to-acknowledge-the-one-china-policy.md) _Context: China, the Republic of China_
9. [Wang Yu-chi resigns as Taiwan's Minister of the Mainland Affairs Council responsible for maintaining relations with the People's Republic of China. ](/news/2015/02/10/wang-yu-chi-resigns-as-taiwan-s-minister-of-the-mainland-affairs-council-responsible-for-maintaining-relations-with-the-people-s-republic-of.md) _Context: China, the Republic of China_
10. [The United States denounces a flag-raising ceremony at Taiwan's de facto embassy in Washington DC, saying the ceremony violated US-Taiwan ties. ](/news/2015/01/7/the-united-states-denounces-a-flag-raising-ceremony-at-taiwan-s-de-facto-embassy-in-washington-dc-saying-the-ceremony-violated-us-taiwan-ti.md) _Context: United States, the Republic of China_
