### [2010-09-30](/news/2010/09/30/index.md)

# The International Monetary Fund calls for tighter regulation of credit rating agencies. 

Credit rating agencies should improve their procedures, says the International Monetary Fund.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-11440482)

### Related:

1. [Moody's Investors Service downgrades the credit rating of the People's Republic of China from AA3 to A1. ](/news/2017/05/24/moody-s-investors-service-downgrades-the-credit-rating-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-from-aa3-to-a1.md) _Context: credit rating_
2. [A letter bomb explodes at the office of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in Paris, injuring one person. ](/news/2017/03/16/a-letter-bomb-explodes-at-the-office-of-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-in-paris-injuring-one-person.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
3. [An agreement is reached between Mongolian government representatives  and the International Monetary Fund  and other international partners on a  three-year, $5.5 billion economic stabilization package. ](/news/2017/02/19/an-agreement-is-reached-between-mongolian-government-representatives-and-the-international-monetary-fund-and-other-international-partners.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
4. [A court in Paris finds International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde guilty of negligence in a 404 million euro "misuse of public funds" case. The court ruled that Lagarde won't be fined, won't serve any jail time, or receive a criminal record. The IMF Executive Board "looks forward to continuing to work with" her. ](/news/2016/12/19/a-court-in-paris-finds-international-monetary-fund-managing-director-christine-lagarde-guilty-of-negligence-in-a-404-million-euro-misuse-of.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
5. [Christine Lagarde, the managing director of the International Monetary Fund, goes on trial in France for alleged negligence as Finance Minister resulting in the loss of hundreds of millions of euros. ](/news/2016/12/12/christine-lagarde-the-managing-director-of-the-international-monetary-fund-goes-on-trial-in-france-for-alleged-negligence-as-finance-minis.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
6. [Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-suggested-the-imf-may-threaten.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
7. [ Reuters reports that it has seen a draft memorandum generated by the International Monetary Fund that describes the debt owed by Greece to its European partners as "highly unsustainable." ](/news/2016/04/12/reuters-reports-that-it-has-seen-a-draft-memorandum-generated-by-the-international-monetary-fund-that-describes-the-debt-owed-by-greece-to.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
8. [The International Monetary Fund encourages the move toward negative interest rates because "they help deliver additional monetary stimulus and easier financial conditions." ](/news/2016/04/10/the-international-monetary-fund-encourages-the-move-toward-negative-interest-rates-because-they-help-deliver-additional-monetary-stimulus-a.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
9. [The International Monetary Fund modifies its benchmark currency basket to include the yuan of the People's Republic of China. The basket also includes the U.S. dollar, the euro, the pound sterling, and the Japanese yen. ](/news/2015/11/30/the-international-monetary-fund-modifies-its-benchmark-currency-basket-to-include-the-yuan-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-the-basket-als.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
10. [Brazil announces a $17 billion austerity package after Standard and Poors further downgrades its credit rating. ](/news/2015/09/14/brazil-announces-a-17-billion-austerity-package-after-standard-and-poors-further-downgrades-its-credit-rating.md) _Context: credit rating_
