### [2010-09-30](/news/2010/09/30/index.md)

# Three paramilitary soldiers of the Pakistani Armed Forces are killed and three wounded when NATO helicopters strike a border checkpoint in the Kurram Agency tribal area. Pakistan responds by closing an important supply route that runs through its territory. Interior Minister Rehman Malik announces a high-level meeting to discuss NATO violations of Pakistani sovereignty. 




### Source:

1. [Bernama via ''Malaysian Digest](http://www.malaysiandigest.com/world/37-world/9280-three-security-personnel-killed-by-nato-helicopters-in-northwest-pakistan.html)

### Related:

1. [At a NATO meeting, German foreign minister Sigmar Gabriel rejects as "quite unrealistic" the belief that Germany would spend 2% of GDP on the military. He says other spending such as development aid should be taken into account. ](/news/2017/03/31/at-a-nato-meeting-german-foreign-minister-sigmar-gabriel-rejects-as-quite-unrealistic-the-belief-that-germany-would-spend-2-of-gdp-on-th.md) _Context: NATO_
2. [Russian Special Envoy to Afghanistan Zamir Kabulov denies allegations by NATO Commander Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti that Russia was "perhaps" supplying the Taliban. ](/news/2017/03/24/russian-special-envoy-to-afghanistan-zamir-kabulov-denies-allegations-by-nato-commander-gen-curtis-scaparrotti-that-russia-was-perhaps-su.md) _Context: NATO_
3. [Eight hundred British Army troops arrive in Estonia as part of NATO's Enhanced Forward Presence to deter Russian aggression in Eastern Europe. ](/news/2017/03/18/eight-hundred-british-army-troops-arrive-in-estonia-as-part-of-nato-s-enhanced-forward-presence-to-deter-russian-aggression-in-eastern-europ.md) _Context: NATO_
4. [A Montenegrin prosecutor accuses Russian authorities of being involved in the October 2016 coup plot in order to halt Montenegro's accession to NATO. Russian officials dismiss the allegations as "absurd." ](/news/2017/02/20/a-montenegrin-prosecutor-accuses-russian-authorities-of-being-involved-in-the-october-2016-coup-plot-in-order-to-halt-montenegro-s-accession.md) _Context: NATO_
5. [In Ankara, the Turkish government opens  the trial  of 270 suspects charged in July's failed coup in Ankara.  The defendants include, ''in absentia'', the alleged mastermind Fethullah Gulen, former NATO  Chief of Staff Major General Salih Sevil, and other high-ranking military officials. ](/news/2017/01/30/in-ankara-the-turkish-government-opens-the-trial-of-270-suspects-charged-in-july-s-failed-coup-in-ankara-the-defendants-include-in-a.md) _Context: NATO_
6. [3,000 U.S. troops are deployed in Poland as part of NATO's Operation Atlantic Resolve.  Poland says that the deployment is a necessary response to Russian military exercises near its border and its intervention in Ukraine while Russia condemns the move as a "threat to national interests and security". ](/news/2017/01/12/3-000-u-s-troops-are-deployed-in-poland-as-part-of-nato-s-operation-atlantic-resolve-poland-says-that-the-deployment-is-a-necessary-respo.md) _Context: NATO_
7. [Russia deploys its S-400 missile system in Kaliningrad, an exclave between Poland and Lithuania, in response to "NATO expansion" near its borders. The United States criticizes the move as "destabilizing" to Europe. Russia announced the planned deployment over a decade ago. ](/news/2016/11/21/russia-deploys-its-s-400-missile-system-in-kaliningrad-an-exclave-between-poland-and-lithuania-in-response-to-nato-expansion-near-its-bo.md) _Context: NATO_
8. [2016 Bagram Airfield bombing: An explosion at NATO's Bagram Airfield kills four Americans and injures at least 16 U.S. service members and a Polish soldier. The Taliban claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/12/2016-bagram-airfield-bombing-an-explosion-at-nato-s-bagram-airfield-kills-four-americans-and-injures-at-least-16-u-s-service-members-and-a.md) _Context: NATO_
9. [Russia withdraws a request to refuel three of its warships, including the flagship of the Russian Navy, ''Admiral Kuznetsov'', en route to Syria, at the Spanish port of Ceuta following NATO pressure on the Spanish government to not allow the warships to dock. ](/news/2016/10/26/russia-withdraws-a-request-to-refuel-three-of-its-warships-including-the-flagship-of-the-russian-navy-admiral-kuznetsov-en-route-to-s.md) _Context: NATO_
10. [NATO members in Warsaw, Poland, agree to extend their mission in Afghanistan into 2017 and announced that they will continue to fund the Afghan Armed Forces to 2020. ](/news/2016/07/9/nato-members-in-warsaw-poland-agree-to-extend-their-mission-in-afghanistan-into-2017-and-announced-that-they-will-continue-to-fund-the-afg.md) _Context: NATO_
