### [2010-01-21](/news/2010/01/21/index.md)

# Operation Aurora:. Chinese Vice-Foreign Minister He Yafei downplays the government's row with Google, saying it does not affect relations with the United States. 




### Source:

1. [AFP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5heZTEMraHzYLnbCfQABwIxJN0Rlg)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/8472683.stm)
3. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/8471922.stm)
4. [China Daily](http://www.chinadaily.com.cn/china/2010-01/21/content_9358171.htm)

### Related:

1. [The Chinese government denies state involvement in the cyber attacks on Google, while the state-run "China Daily" newspaper accuses the United States of hypocrisy. ](/news/2010/01/24/the-chinese-government-denies-state-involvement-in-the-cyber-attacks-on-google-while-the-state-run-china-daily-newspaper-accuses-the-unit.md) _Context: China, Google, United States, cyber attacks, government_
2. [Thousands of Chinese postings inundate U.S. president Barack Obama's Google+ page after restrictions are lifted in China. ](/news/2012/02/26/thousands-of-chinese-postings-inundate-u-s-president-barack-obama-s-google-page-after-restrictions-are-lifted-in-china.md) _Context: China, Google, United States_
3. [The FBI investigate claims that hackers in China attacked the Google email accounts of officials in the United States and Asian countries, as well as Chinese pro-democracy activists. ](/news/2011/06/2/the-fbi-investigate-claims-that-hackers-in-china-attacked-the-google-email-accounts-of-officials-in-the-united-states-and-asian-countries-a.md) _Context: China, Google, United States_
4. [The Chinese military and several schools deny involvement in cyber attacks on Google, following a "New York Times" report cited investigators linking Lanxiang Vocational School and Shanghai Jiaotong University to the attacks. ](/news/2010/02/20/the-chinese-military-and-several-schools-deny-involvement-in-cyber-attacks-on-google-following-a-new-york-times-report-cited-investigator.md) _Context: China, Google, cyber attacks_
5. [Operation Aurora:. China rejects criticism by the United States of its internet controls, saying it could harm relations between the two countries. ](/news/2010/01/22/operation-aurora-china-rejects-criticism-by-the-united-states-of-its-internet-controls-saying-it-could-harm-relations-between-the-two-cou.md) _Context: China, United States, cyber attacks_
6. [China-United States relations. The People's Republic of China lodges a complaint with the United States after President-elect of the United States Donald Trump speaks with President of Taiwan Tsai Ing-wen. The PRC and the United States view Taiwan as a breakaway province. ](/news/2016/12/3/china-united-states-relations-the-people-s-republic-of-china-lodges-a-complaint-with-the-united-states-after-president-elect-of-the-unite.md) _Context: China, United States_
7. [China-United States relations. The People's Republic of China returns a United States unmanned underwater drone that it seized in the South China Sea last week. ](/news/2016/12/20/china-united-states-relations-the-people-s-republic-of-china-returns-a-united-states-unmanned-underwater-drone-that-it-seized-in-the-sout.md) _Context: China, United States_
8. [Taiwan-United States relations. United States President-elect Donald Trump holds a telephone conversation with Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen, the first known contact between a U.S. president or president-elect with a Taiwanese leader since the United States recognized the People's Republic of China in 1979. ](/news/2016/12/2/taiwan-united-states-relations-united-states-president-elect-donald-trump-holds-a-telephone-conversation-with-taiwanese-president-tsai-in.md) _Context: China, United States_
9. [ Google receives a United States patent for an adhesive for its self-driving cars, so-called "human flypaper", designed to minimize injuries in a pedestrian accident by holding the person to the car rather than being thrown after impact. ](/news/2016/05/19/google-receives-a-united-states-patent-for-an-adhesive-for-its-self-driving-cars-so-called-human-flypaper-designed-to-minimize-injuries.md) _Context: Google, United States_
10. [China-United States relations. At an event hosted by Center for Strategic and International Studies, Foreign Minister Wang Yi expresses China's concerns that the planned deployment of the THAAD missile defense system and the X band radar for which the South Korea and the United States have started talks to secure its approval in order to counter the growing threat of North Korea's weapons capabilities could jeopardize the country's "legitimate national security interests." At the Pentagon, Harry Harris, the commander of U.S. forces in the Pacific, said that if China wanted to prevent consideration of the THAAD system's deployment, it should lean on Pyongyang saying, "If China wanted to exert a lot of influence on somebody to prevent THAAD from being considered going into Korea, then they should exert that influence on North Korea." ](/news/2016/02/25/china-united-states-relations-at-an-event-hosted-by-center-for-strategic-and-international-studies-foreign-minister-wang-yi-expresses-ch.md) _Context: Foreign Minister, United States_
