### [2010-01-21](/news/2010/01/21/index.md)

# U.S. Secretary of Defense Robert Gates makes his first visit to Pakistan. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/8471789.stm)

### Related:

1. [US Defense Secretary Robert Gates reviews allegations of misconduct in Afghanistan by the private military company formerly known as Blackwater, Xe Services LLC. ](/news/2010/03/6/us-defense-secretary-robert-gates-reviews-allegations-of-misconduct-in-afghanistan-by-the-private-military-company-formerly-known-as-blackwa.md) _Context: Robert Gates, Secretary of Defense, United States_
2. [ The United States Secretary of Defense Robert Gates invites Pakistan and Afghanistan to participate in an investigation of the Gora Prai airstrike. ](/news/2008/06/12/the-united-states-secretary-of-defense-robert-gates-invites-pakistan-and-afghanistan-to-participate-in-an-investigation-of-the-gora-prai-ai.md) _Context: Pakistan, Robert Gates, Secretary of Defense_
3. [ United States Secretary of Defense Robert Gates says the U.S. is "ready and willing" to send troops to Pakistan to combat al-Qaeda and the Taliban. ](/news/2008/01/25/united-states-secretary-of-defense-robert-gates-says-the-u-s-is-ready-and-willing-to-send-troops-to-pakistan-to-combat-al-qaeda-and-the.md) _Context: Pakistan, Robert Gates, Secretary of Defense_
4. [ The United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and the United States Secretary of Defense Robert Gates travel to the Middle East to offer increased aid to allies of the United States and to seek advice on Iraq. ](/news/2007/07/30/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-and-the-united-states-secretary-of-defense-robert-gates-travel-to-the-middle-east-to.md) _Context: Robert Gates, Secretary of Defense, United States_
5. [ United States Secretary of Defense Robert Gates meets with Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri Kamal Al-Maliki and U.S. military leaders in Iraq to discuss the effectiveness of the current military campaign. ](/news/2007/06/15/united-states-secretary-of-defense-robert-gates-meets-with-iraqi-prime-minister-nuri-kamal-al-maliki-and-u-s-military-leaders-in-iraq-to-d.md) _Context: Robert Gates, Secretary of Defense, United States_
6. [U.S. B-2 stealth bombers strike two ISIL camps, south of the city of Sirte, Libya, killing more than 80 militants, according to United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. ](/news/2017/01/19/u-s-b-2-stealth-bombers-strike-two-isil-camps-south-of-the-city-of-sirte-libya-killing-more-than-80-militants-according-to-united-state.md) _Context: Secretary of Defense, United States_
7. [The Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) and the United States agree to carry out joint naval patrols to prevent Iranian arms shipments reaching Yemen, the Gulf bloc's secretary general Abdullatif bin Rashid Al Zayani said on Wednesday, following a meeting with United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. Iran denies it supplies weapons to the Houthis in Yemen. ](/news/2016/04/20/the-gulf-cooperation-council-gcc-and-the-united-states-agree-to-carry-out-joint-naval-patrols-to-prevent-iranian-arms-shipments-reaching-y.md) _Context: Secretary of Defense, United States_
8. [During a visit to Baghdad, U.S. Defense Secretary Ash Carter announces  that the United States will be sending more troops to the country to help in the fight against ISIL. The U.S. also plans to give Kurdish Peshmerga forces, which are fighting ISIL on the ground, more than $400m (PS280m; EUR350m) in assistance. ](/news/2016/04/18/during-a-visit-to-baghdad-u-s-defense-secretary-ash-carter-announces-that-the-united-states-will-be-sending-more-troops-to-the-country-to.md) _Context: Secretary of Defense, United States_
9. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred  Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Pakistan, United States_
10. [Iraqi Defense Minister Khaled al-Obaidi updates the death toll from Friday's friendly fire airstrike near Fallujah to 10, one officer and nine soldiers. U.S. Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter says it appears an American jet conducted the strike. Carter called Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi  to express condolences. ](/news/2015/12/19/iraqi-defense-minister-khaled-al-obaidi-updates-the-death-toll-from-friday-s-friendly-fire-airstrike-near-fallujah-to-10-one-officer-and-ni.md) _Context: Secretary of Defense, United States_
