### [2016-05-28](/news/2016/05/28/index.md)

# Bryce Dejean-Jones, a National Basketball Association player with the New Orleans Pelicans, is shot dead in Dallas, Texas, after breaking down an apartment bedroom door. 

Pelicans guard Bryce Dejean-Jones, 23, has died of a gunshot wound to the abdomen after police said he broke down the door to a Dallas apartment.


### Source:

1. [Bleacher Report](http://bleacherreport.com/articles/2642958-bryce-dejean-jones-pelicans-guard-dies-at-age-23)
2. [ESPN](http://espn.go.com/nba/story/_/id/15792680/new-orleans-pelicans-guard-bryce-dejean-jones-dies-gunshot-wound-abdomen)

### Related:

1. [Bahamian-United States relations. 2016 shooting of Dallas police officers. Following the death of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile and the shooting of white police officers in Dallas, Texas, The Bahamas issues a rare travel warning for its citizens traveling to the United States. ](/news/2016/07/9/bahamian-united-states-relations-2016-shooting-of-dallas-police-officers-following-the-death-of-alton-sterling-and-philando-castile-and.md) _Context: Dallas, Texas_
2. [2016 shooting of Dallas police officers. Eleven police officers are shot, with five dying of gunshot wounds in Dallas, Texas during a protest against two black men killed within a day of each other. Police kill the shooter with a bomb delivered on a bomb defusing robot. ](/news/2016/07/7/2016-shooting-of-dallas-police-officers-eleven-police-officers-are-shot-with-five-dying-of-gunshot-wounds-in-dallas-texas-during-a-protes.md) _Context: Dallas, Texas_
3. [Tornadoes of 2015, 2015-16 North American winter. 2015-2016 El Nino event. At least 11 people are killed as tornadoes strike Dallas, Texas, and five people die in a flash flood in Illinois. A total of 34 people have died in this week's smorgCNYsbord of storms that started Wednesday. Mark Wiley of the National Weather Service says this rare run of December tornado storms in the South and Midwest, and spring-like temperatures across much of the North and East, in part to a strong El Nino. ](/news/2015/12/27/tornadoes-of-2015-2015-16-north-american-winter-2015-2016-el-nia-o-event-at-least-11-people-are-killed-as-tornadoes-strike-dallas-te.md) _Context: Dallas, Texas_
4. [Tornadoes of 2015. The death toll in the spring-like, tornado-laden storms that began Wednesday in the American South has risen to 18 with additional tornadoes hitting north-central Alabama Friday and one outside of Dallas, Texas, today. ](/news/2015/12/26/tornadoes-of-2015-the-death-toll-in-the-spring-like-tornado-laden-storms-that-began-wednesday-in-the-american-south-has-risen-to-18-with-a.md) _Context: Dallas, Texas_
5. [Six people, including a child, have been found dead on private property in Anderson County, southeast of Dallas, Texas, USA. The victims are members of two different families. One person, unrelated to the victims, is charged with one count of murder. More charges are expected. ](/news/2015/11/16/six-people-including-a-child-have-been-found-dead-on-private-property-in-anderson-county-southeast-of-dallas-texas-usa-the-victims-are.md) _Context: Dallas, Texas_
6. [A man opens fire at policemen outside the police headquarters in the Texan city of Dallas, while a bag containing a pipe bomb is also found. He was later shot dead by police snipers following a car chase and standoff. ](/news/2015/06/13/a-man-opens-fire-at-policemen-outside-the-police-headquarters-in-the-texan-city-of-dallas-while-a-bag-containing-a-pipe-bomb-is-also-found.md) _Context: Dallas, Texas_
7. [Ebola virus disease in the United States. The first person who was diagnosed with ebola in the United States, Thomas Eric Duncan, a Liberian man, dies in Dallas, Texas. ](/news/2014/10/8/ebola-virus-disease-in-the-united-states-the-first-person-who-was-diagnosed-with-ebola-in-the-united-states-thomas-eric-duncan-a-liberian.md) _Context: Dallas, Texas_
8. [The United States commemorates the 50th anniversary of the day when John F. Kennedy was assassinated in Dallas, Texas. ](/news/2013/11/22/the-united-states-commemorates-the-50th-anniversary-of-the-day-when-john-f-kennedy-was-assassinated-in-dallas-texas.md) _Context: Dallas, Texas_
9. [A shooting spree in Dallas, Texas, U.S., kills 4, wounds 4 and the gunman is subsequently arrested. ](/news/2013/08/8/a-shooting-spree-in-dallas-texas-u-s-kills-4-wounds-4-and-the-gunman-is-subsequently-arrested.md) _Context: Dallas, Texas_
10. [The George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas, Texas, is dedicated in the presence of President of the United States Barack Obama, former president George W. Bush and all living former presidents. The complex will be opened to the public on May 1. ](/news/2013/04/25/the-george-w-bush-presidential-center-in-dallas-texas-is-dedicated-in-the-presence-of-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-former.md) _Context: Dallas, Texas_
