### [2016-05-28](/news/2016/05/28/index.md)

# The U.S. military restricts off-base alcohol consumption in Okinawa until July 24 after the arrest of a former Marine suspected of murder. 




### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/aponline/2016/05/28/world/asia/ap-as-japan-us-okinawa.html)

### Related:

1. [The United States military reports a drone attack killed ISIL rocket expert Jasim Khadijah. The unmanned airstrike also killed other IS militants and destroyed at least one makeshift drone. Khadijah, a former Iraqi officer, is believed responsible for the March attack that killed a U.S. Marine in northern Iraq. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-united-states-military-reports-a-drone-attack-killed-isil-rocket-expert-jasim-khadijah-the-unmanned-airstrike-also-killed-other-is-mili.md) _Context: Marines, United States military personnel_
2. [The Governor of the Japanese prefecture of Okinawa, Takeshi Onaga, revokes permission given by a predecessor for landfill work to replace a United States Marine Corps base. ](/news/2015/10/13/the-governor-of-the-japanese-prefecture-of-okinawa-takeshi-onaga-revokes-permission-given-by-a-predecessor-for-landfill-work-to-replace-a.md) _Context: Marines, Okinawa_
3. [US military helicopter crashed at a US Marine Camp Hansen in Japan's southernmost prefecture of Okinawa, killing 4 people and injuring 3 others. ](/news/2013/08/5/us-military-helicopter-crashed-at-a-us-marine-camp-hansen-in-japan-s-southernmost-prefecture-of-okinawa-killing-4-people-and-injuring-3-oth.md) _Context: Marines, Okinawa_
4. [ The United States military imposes a curfew on all personnel on the Japanese island Okinawa following the arrest of a member of the United States Marine Corps on suspicion of rape. ](/news/2008/02/20/the-united-states-military-imposes-a-curfew-on-all-personnel-on-the-japanese-island-okinawa-following-the-arrest-of-a-member-of-the-united.md) _Context: Marines, Okinawa_
5. [ Marine Corps Air Station Futenma is to be relocated from the south island of Okinawa to the main island, affecting thousands of U.S. Marines. Protests from residents, environmental groups, local businessmen and politicians on both sides are likely to ensue. The move is partially due to the rape of a local Okinawa girl, a helicopter crash into a university campus in Ginowan last year, and racial tensions between locals and Marines. ](/news/2005/10/26/marine-corps-air-station-futenma-is-to-be-relocated-from-the-south-island-of-okinawa-to-the-main-island-affecting-thousands-of-u-s-marine.md) _Context: Marines, Okinawa_
6. [ United States armed forces officials say that eight Marines have been killed and nine wounded near Falluja. ](/news/2004/10/30/united-states-armed-forces-officials-say-that-eight-marines-have-been-killed-and-nine-wounded-near-falluja.md) _Context: Marines, United States military personnel_
7. [Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald-trump-and-top-pentagon-officials-over-the-president-s-policy-change-a.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
8. [Searches are underway for three members of the United States Marine Corps missing after a MV-22 Osprey crashed off the coast of the Australian state of Queensland. Twenty three of the twenty six people on board have been rescued. ](/news/2017/08/5/searches-are-underway-for-three-members-of-the-united-states-marine-corps-missing-after-a-mv-22-osprey-crashed-off-the-coast-of-the-australi.md) _Context: Marines_
9. [The wreckage of the Indianapolis 6 heavy cruiser, torpedoed by the Imperial Japanese Navy submarine I-58 and sunk in 1945 after delivering parts for the Little Boy atomic weapon, is discovered on the floor of the North Pacific Ocean. Only 317 of the U.S. Sailors/Marines who survived the sinking were finally rescued after 4-5 days in shark-infested waters. ](/news/2017/08/19/the-wreckage-of-the-indianapolis-6-heavy-cruiser-torpedoed-by-the-imperial-japanese-navy-submarine-i-58-and-sunk-in-1945-after-delivering-p.md) _Context: Marines_
10. [Because of a recent pair of deadly crashes, the U.S. Marine Corps will ground its flight operations for 24 hours for an operational reset. The suspensions will be spread out over the next two weeks. ](/news/2017/08/11/because-of-a-recent-pair-of-deadly-crashes-the-u-s-marine-corps-will-ground-its-flight-operations-for-24-hours-for-an-operational-reset-t.md) _Context: Marines_
