### [2016-05-28](/news/2016/05/28/index.md)

# The United States National Hurricane Center issues a tropical storm warning for parts of South Carolina as the newly upgraded Tropical Storm Bonnie, at 5 p.m. EDT about 125 miles from Charleston, South Carolina, moves northwest toward the Atlantic Coast. 

The storm is forecast to bring up to three inches of rain to the Carolinas. In Texas, flooding caused by rains there claimed four lives.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/national/beaches-open-as-tropical-depression-looms-off-carolinas/2016/05/28/974fc40a-24de-11e6-b944-52f7b1793dae_story.html)
2. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/weather/tropical-storm-bonnie-forms-carolinas-flooding-rains-overwhelm-texas-n582181)
3. [National Hurricane Center](http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/text/refresh/MIATCPAT2+shtml/282342.shtml)

### Related:

1. [Hurricane Matthew moves towards the United States with hundreds of thousands of people being evacuated from the states of Florida and South Carolina. ](/news/2016/10/6/hurricane-matthew-moves-towards-the-united-states-with-hundreds-of-thousands-of-people-being-evacuated-from-the-states-of-florida-and-south.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season, South Carolina_
2. [Hurricane Matthew kills at least 26 people on the island of Hispaniola; 22 in Haiti and four more in the Dominican Republic. The U.S. National Hurricane Center predicts the storm, currently a Category 3 with maximum sustained winds of 115 mph (185 km/h), will strengthen as it moves across the Bahamas tonight and tomorrow, and be near the east coast of Florida by tomorrow evening. ](/news/2016/10/5/hurricane-matthew-kills-at-least-26-people-on-the-island-of-hispaniola-22-in-haiti-and-four-more-in-the-dominican-republic-the-u-s-nation.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season, National Hurricane Center_
3. [The U.S. National Hurricane Center issues a Tropical Storm Watch for Aruba, Bonaire, and Curacao islands in the Caribbean Sea, and for the northwest South American coast. ](/news/2016/09/29/the-u-s-national-hurricane-center-issues-a-tropical-storm-watch-for-aruba-bonaire-and-curaassao-islands-in-the-caribbean-sea-and-for-the.md) _Context: National Hurricane Center, Tropical Storm Watch_
4. [Tropical Storm Bonnie makes landfall on the East Coast of the United States, affecting mainly the city of Charleston, South Carolina. ](/news/2016/05/29/tropical-storm-bonnie-makes-landfall-on-the-east-coast-of-the-united-states-affecting-mainly-the-city-of-charleston-south-carolina.md) _Context: 2016 Atlantic hurricane season, Charleston, South Carolina_
5. [The Pulitzer Prize awards are presented, with the "The Post and Courier" of Charleston, South Carolina winning the prestigious gold medal for public service for a series on domestic violence in the US state of South Carolina. [http://www.nytimes.com/2015/04/21/business/media/pulitzer-prize-winners-2015.html ("New York Times")]Anthony Doerr's World War II novel "All the Light We Cannot See" wins the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. [http://edition.cnn.com/2015/04/20/living/feat-pulitzer-prize-winners-arts-letters-2015/ (CNN)]Elizabeth Kolbert's "The Sixth Extinction: An Unnatural History" was a winner of the Pulitzer Prize for General Non-Fiction](/news/2015/04/20/the-pulitzer-prize-awards-are-presented-with-the-the-post-and-courier-of-charleston-south-carolina-winning-the-prestigious-gold-medal-fo.md) _Context: Charleston, South Carolina, South Carolina_
6. [U.S. scientists plan to rotate the Confederate submarine, the "H. L. Hunley", buried in the outer harbour of Charleston, South Carolina so that they can examine it more closely. ](/news/2010/08/6/u-s-scientists-plan-to-rotate-the-confederate-submarine-the-h-l-hunley-buried-in-the-outer-harbour-of-charleston-south-carolina-so-t.md) _Context: Charleston, South Carolina, South Carolina_
7. [ Nine firefighters are killed in a collapse at a furniture warehouse blaze in Charleston, South Carolina, the largest loss of firefighters in the United States in one incident since the collapse of the World Trade Center in 2001.](/news/2007/06/18/nine-firefighters-are-killed-in-a-collapse-at-a-furniture-warehouse-blaze-in-charleston-south-carolina-the-largest-loss-of-firefighters-i.md) _Context: Charleston, South Carolina, South Carolina_
8. [In anticipation of Hurricane Harvey, residents from Corpus Christi to Galveston, Texas, and workers from Gulf of Mexico oil platforms are evacuating the region. The storm makes landfall between Port Aransas and Port O'Connor as a Category 4 hurricane around 11 p.m. EDT (0300 UTC, August 26) as the strongest storm to hit the United States mainland since 2004. The National Hurricane Center predicts Harvey will linger over Texas for days, dumping 15 - in, and as much as 35 in of rain on some parts of the state. ](/news/2017/08/25/in-anticipation-of-hurricane-harvey-residents-from-corpus-christi-to-galveston-texas-and-workers-from-gulf-of-mexico-oil-platforms-are-ev.md) _Context: National Hurricane Center_
9. [ Four inmates are killed at Kirkland Correctional Institution in South Carolina. Authorities have charged two inmates with the murders of the four men. ](/news/2017/04/8/four-inmates-are-killed-at-kirkland-correctional-institution-in-south-carolina-authorities-have-charged-two-inmates-with-the-murders-of-th.md) _Context: South Carolina_
10. [Dylann Roof is convicted of the racially motivated murder of nine black churchgoers in the U.S. city of Charleston, South Carolina. ](/news/2016/12/15/dylann-roof-is-convicted-of-the-racially-motivated-murder-of-nine-black-churchgoers-in-the-u-s-city-of-charleston-south-carolina.md) _Context: Charleston, South Carolina_
