### [2004-02-10](/news/2004/02/10/index.md)

#  An Iranian airliner crashes on arrival at Sharjah airport in the United Arab Emirates, killing at least 35 people. A few people are thought to have survived.




### Related:

1. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Iran, United Arab Emirates_
2. [The United Arab Emirates (UAE) bans its citizens from traveling to Lebanon, just hours after Saudi Arabia issued a warning to its citizens to leave Lebanon in retaliation for Lebanon choosing to side with Iran in the Iran-Saudi Arabia proxy conflict and Hezbollah's influence on the Lebanese government. ](/news/2016/02/23/the-united-arab-emirates-uae-bans-its-citizens-from-traveling-to-lebanon-just-hours-after-saudi-arabia-issued-a-warning-to-its-citizens-t.md) _Context: Iran, United Arab Emirates_
3. [Sudan and Bahrain follow Saudi Arabia's lead and cut diplomatic relations with Iran, and the United Arab Emirates downgrades diplomatic ties. ](/news/2016/01/4/sudan-and-bahrain-follow-saudi-arabia-s-lead-and-cut-diplomatic-relations-with-iran-and-the-united-arab-emirates-downgrades-diplomatic-ties.md) _Context: Iran, United Arab Emirates_
4. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saudi.md) _Context: Iran, United Arab Emirates_
5. [Hillary Clinton of the United States speaks out against Iran in Abu Dhabi during a five-day trip to the United Arab Emirates, Oman and Qatar. She requests that the world increase its pressure on Iran, a country she considers "a serious concern". ](/news/2011/01/9/hillary-clinton-of-the-united-states-speaks-out-against-iran-in-abu-dhabi-during-a-five-day-trip-to-the-united-arab-emirates-oman-and-qatar.md) _Context: Iran, United Arab Emirates_
6. [Iran accuses Germany, United Arab Emirates and United Kingdom of refusing to provide fuel to its passenger planes. ](/news/2010/07/5/iran-accuses-germany-united-arab-emirates-and-united-kingdom-of-refusing-to-provide-fuel-to-its-passenger-planes.md) _Context: Iran, United Arab Emirates_
7. [ Azza Transport Flight 2241 crashes on take-off from Sharjah International Airport, in the United Arab Emirates, killing all six crew. ](/news/2009/10/21/azza-transport-flight-2241-crashes-on-take-off-from-sharjah-international-airport-in-the-united-arab-emirates-killing-all-six-crew.md) _Context: Sharjah International Airport, United Arab Emirates_
8. [ United Nations diplomats confirm the United Arab Emirates seized a North Korean ship carrying weapons to Iran, in violation of Security Council Resolution 1874. ](/news/2009/08/28/united-nations-diplomats-confirm-the-united-arab-emirates-seized-a-north-korean-ship-carrying-weapons-to-iran-in-violation-of-security-cou.md) _Context: Iran, United Arab Emirates_
9. [ Three British prisoners are freed in Iran after pressure from the British Foreign Office. The trio were seized at by Iranian Navy patrol boats on 28 October, when they sailed their boat to the disputed island of Abu Musa, which is claimed by both Iran and the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2005/11/11/three-british-prisoners-are-freed-in-iran-after-pressure-from-the-british-foreign-office-the-trio-were-seized-at-by-iranian-navy-patrol-bo.md) _Context: Iran, United Arab Emirates_
10. [ The investigation into nuclear proliferation by the Pakistani scientist Abdul Qadeer Khan expands to include seven nations. Among the countries known to be involved are Malaysia, South Africa, Japan, the United Arab Emirates, Germany and Pakistan. Nuclear technology and parts were supplied to Libya, Iran, North Korea.](/news/2004/02/8/the-investigation-into-nuclear-proliferation-by-the-pakistani-scientist-abdul-qadeer-khan-expands-to-include-seven-nations-among-the-count.md) _Context: Iran, United Arab Emirates_
