### [2004-02-10](/news/2004/02/10/index.md)

#  Canada's auditor-general, Sheila Fraser, releases a scathing report on a CA$250-million sponsorship fund that had a major portion of its funds directed to firms friendly to the ruling Liberal party; the resulting scandal and inquiry is quite likely to affect the coming election. Alfonso Gagliano, a former cabinet minister involved in the scandal, is removed from his post as ambassador to Denmark and recalled to Canada.




### Related:

1. [ Justice John Gomery releases the first part of the Gomery Commission report on corruption in the Liberal Party of Canada and the sponsorship scandal. Gomery exonerates current Prime Minister Paul Martin but criticizes former Prime Minister Jean Chrtien and his Quebec lieutenant Alfonso Gagliano. ](/news/2005/11/1/justice-john-gomery-releases-the-first-part-of-the-gomery-commission-report-on-corruption-in-the-liberal-party-of-canada-and-the-sponsorshi.md) _Context: Alfonso Gagliano, Liberal Party's_
2. [ Canadian federal election: Former deputy prime minister Sheila Copps loses the Liberal constituency nomination to current Transport Minister Tony Valeri by 311 votes. She will likely appeal; there is some speculation that if the loss remains, she will either run as an independent or for the New Democratic Party. ](/news/2004/03/6/canadian-federal-election-former-deputy-prime-minister-sheila-copps-loses-the-liberal-constituency-nomination-to-current-transport-ministe.md) _Context: Liberal Party's, election_
3. [A Canadian gold mining company, Tahoe Resources, agrees to buy Rio Alto Mining for more than CAN$1 billion, part of an ongoing consolidation in the precious metals mining industry. ](/news/2015/02/9/a-canadian-gold-mining-company-tahoe-resources-agrees-to-buy-rio-alto-mining-for-more-than-can-1-billion-part-of-an-ongoing-consolidation.md) _Context: CAN$_
4. [Cadbury Adams Canada Inc., Hershey Canada Inc., Nestle Canada Inc. and Mars Canada Inc., as well as distributor ITWAL Limited agree to pay more than CAD$23 million to settle a class-action lawsuit alleging price-fixing and price maintenance in the Canadian market.](/news/2013/09/16/cadbury-adams-canada-inc-hershey-canada-inc-nestla-c-canada-inc-and-mars-canada-inc-as-well-as-distributor-itwal-limited-agree-to-pay.md) _Context: CAN$_
5. [In Canada's Newfoundland and Labrador Province, Liberal Party's Yvonne Jones won a by-election to the province's Labrador electoral riding, formerly held by Conservative Party's Peter Penashue. The by-election was widely viewed as a crucial test for new Liberal Party leader Justin Trudeau. ](/news/2013/05/13/in-canada-s-newfoundland-and-labrador-province-liberal-party-s-yvonne-jones-won-a-by-election-to-the-province-s-labrador-electoral-riding.md) _Context: Liberal Party's_
6. [Justin Trudeau, son of former Canadian Prime Minister Pierre Trudeau, is chosen as the new leader of the Liberal Party of Canada. ](/news/2013/04/14/justin-trudeau-son-of-former-canadian-prime-minister-pierre-trudeau-is-chosen-as-the-new-leader-of-the-liberal-party-of-canada.md) _Context: Liberal Party's_
7. [Liberal Party of Canada leader Bob Rae states that recent evidence of voter suppressing "robo-calls" played a factor in his party's defeat in the 2011 Canadian federal election. ](/news/2012/02/25/liberal-party-of-canada-leader-bob-rae-states-that-recent-evidence-of-voter-suppressing-robo-calls-played-a-factor-in-his-party-s-defeat-i.md) _Context: Liberal Party's_
8. [The former Israeli prime minister Ehud Olmert is charged with taking bribes in a property scandal. ](/news/2012/01/5/the-former-israeli-prime-minister-ehud-olmert-is-charged-with-taking-bribes-in-a-property-scandal.md) _Context: scandal_
9. [A shipping vessel registered in Taiwan with a history of oil spills is fined CAD $80,000 for the illegal dumping of pollutants in Canadian waters south of Newfoundland. ](/news/2011/05/5/a-shipping-vessel-registered-in-taiwan-with-a-history-of-oil-spills-is-fined-cad-80-000-for-the-illegal-dumping-of-pollutants-in-canadian-w.md) _Context: CAN$_
10. [The Liberal Party of Canada announces it will introduce a motion to the Canadian House of Commons that calls on MPs to support a committee report finding the Conservative government in contempt of Parliament. The finding was in response to the government allegedly not supplying sufficient information on costs of crime bills, purchasing F-35 fighter jets for the Canadian Forces, and corporate tax cuts. ](/news/2011/03/23/the-liberal-party-of-canada-announces-it-will-introduce-a-motion-to-the-canadian-house-of-commons-that-calls-on-mps-to-support-a-committee-r.md) _Context: Liberal Party's_
