### [2004-02-10](/news/2004/02/10/index.md)

#  The oil cartel OPEC announces further limits on the output of crude by one million barrels a day beginning April 1, 2004. If all member states stick to the agreement, OPEC's daily output will be cut by about 10 percent.




### Related:

1. [Iran says that it plans to increase its crude oil output until it achieves pre-sanction levels, although that contravenes OPEC efforts to restrain output. ](/news/2016/02/17/iran-says-that-it-plans-to-increase-its-crude-oil-output-until-it-achieves-pre-sanction-levels-although-that-contravenes-opec-efforts-to-re.md) _Context: OPEC, crude oil_
2. [The Iraqi government discourages foreign countries from importing crude oil directly from its Iraqi Kurdistan region. ](/news/2017/09/24/the-iraqi-government-discourages-foreign-countries-from-importing-crude-oil-directly-from-its-iraqi-kurdistan-region.md) _Context: crude oil_
3. [As new Libyan production comes on line, the world price of crude oil falls below $55 a barrel. ](/news/2016/12/23/as-new-libyan-production-comes-on-line-the-world-price-of-crude-oil-falls-below-55-a-barrel.md) _Context: crude oil_
4. [OPEC agrees to cut oil production by 1.2 million barrels a day. Key non-OPEC producers most notably Russia have also agreed to cut their production. Oil futures have risen by 9%. ](/news/2016/11/30/opec-agrees-to-cut-oil-production-by-1-2-million-barrels-a-day-key-non-opec-producers-most-notably-russia-have-also-agreed-to-cut-their-pro.md) _Context: OPEC_
5. [Former Prime Minister of Iran and one of the founders of OPEC Jamshid Amouzegar, who was involved in the 1975 OPEC siege, dies at the age of 93. ](/news/2016/09/29/former-prime-minister-of-iran-and-one-of-the-founders-of-opec-jamshid-amouzegar-who-was-involved-in-the-1975-opec-siege-dies-at-the-age-of.md) _Context: OPEC_
6. [The meeting in Doha, Qatar, of the world's top oil producers, from both OPEC and non-OPEC countries, fails to agree on an output freeze. Oil analysts say the failure was due to Iran's non-participation, and Saudi Arabia linking its cooperation to Iran's inclusion. Oil prices drop in early Asian trading and on the New York Mercantile Exchange. ](/news/2016/04/18/the-meeting-in-doha-qatar-of-the-world-s-top-oil-producers-from-both-opec-and-non-opec-countries-fails-to-agree-on-an-output-freeze-oil.md) _Context: OPEC_
7. [Members of OPEC meet in Doha, Qatar, amid uncertainty in the markets and the outcome of the meeting. Since 2014, the price of oil has dropped dramatically. Analysts hope that an agreement to freeze output will reassure global energy markets that the recent recovery in prices is sustainable. ](/news/2016/04/17/members-of-opec-meet-in-doha-qatar-amid-uncertainty-in-the-markets-and-the-outcome-of-the-meeting-since-2014-the-price-of-oil-has-droppe.md) _Context: OPEC_
8. [The U.S. President Barack Obama announces a plan to tax crude oil $10 a barrel in order to fund infrastructure spending, according to a White House statement. ](/news/2016/02/4/the-u-s-president-barack-obama-announces-a-plan-to-tax-crude-oil-10-a-barrel-in-order-to-fund-infrastructure-spending-according-to-a-whit.md) _Context: crude oil_
9. [A rupture of an underground oil pipeline in California's Santa Barbara County near Refugio State Beach may have released 105,000 gallons of crude oil with tens of thousands gallons released into the Pacific Ocean. Jerry Brown, the Governor of California later declares a state of emergency. ](/news/2015/05/20/a-rupture-of-an-underground-oil-pipeline-in-california-s-santa-barbara-county-near-refugio-state-beach-may-have-released-105-000-gallons-of.md) _Context: crude oil_
10. [The price of crude oil drops to $48 per barrel, the lowest since April of 2009. ](/news/2015/01/6/the-price-of-crude-oil-drops-to-48-per-barrel-the-lowest-since-april-of-2009.md) _Context: crude oil_
