### [2015-07-28](/news/2015/07/28/index.md)

#  Joyce Mitchell, who had smuggled hacksaw blades inside frozen meat to Richard Matt and David Sweat in prison, before withdrawing as their getaway driver, pleads guilty to a first-degree felony of promoting prison contraband and to a misdemeanor count of fourth-degree criminal facilitation. She faces up to 7 years in prison when sentenced. 




### Source:

1. [MSN](http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/us/ny-prison-worker-pleads-guilty-in-escape-of-2-killers/ar-AAdzOWD)

### Related:

1. [Richard Matt, one of the two escapees, died from gunshot wounds south of the town of Malone, New York. ](/news/2015/06/26/richard-matt-one-of-the-two-escapees-died-from-gunshot-wounds-south-of-the-town-of-malone-new-york.md) _Context: 2015 Clinton Correctional Facility escape, Richard Matt_
2. [Officer Edward Nero  waives his right to a jury trial on  misdemeanor charges of second-degree assault, two counts of misconduct in office, and reckless endangerment. ](/news/2016/05/10/officer-edward-nero-waives-his-right-to-a-jury-trial-on-misdemeanor-charges-of-second-degree-assault-two-counts-of-misconduct-in-office.md) _Context: misdemeanor_
3. [In the United States, Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe signs an executive order restoring the rights of an estimated 200,000 convicted felons to vote and run for office.  ](/news/2016/04/22/in-the-united-states-virginia-governor-terry-mcauliffe-signs-an-executive-order-restoring-the-rights-of-an-estimated-200-000-convicted-felo.md) _Context: felons_
4. [The Oklahoma Department of Corrections says a drone carrying mobile phones, drugs, and hacksaw blades crashed at the Oklahoma State Penitentiary in McAlester before inmates could grab the contraband. This is fourth reported drone-attempt in the United States; the others were at prisons in Ohio, Maryland, and South Carolina. ](/news/2015/10/29/the-oklahoma-department-of-corrections-says-a-drone-carrying-mobile-phones-drugs-and-hacksaw-blades-crashed-at-the-oklahoma-state-penitent.md) _Context: contraband_
5. [Remaining escapee David Sweat is shot and captured in upstate New York near the border with Canada. ](/news/2015/06/28/remaining-escapee-david-sweat-is-shot-and-captured-in-upstate-new-york-near-the-border-with-canada.md) _Context: 2015 Clinton Correctional Facility escape_
6. [Authorities from the Marshal's Service, the FBI, Customs, state and local police, and the Forest Police searching for 6 days in northeastern New York (about 25 miles south of the Canadian border, near Lake Champlain and Vermont, in the Adirondack Forest area, in Dannemora, New York and Plattsburgh, New York) for two high-risk murderers who staged an elaborate escape from the high-security Clinton Correctional Facility- the first there- the night of Friday, June 5, 2015 (it was discovered the next morning), using bloodhounds, find a scent and leftover evidence that could be from the two, Richard Matt and David Sweat. ](/news/2015/06/11/authorities-from-the-marshal-s-service-the-fbi-customs-state-and-local-police-and-the-forest-police-searching-for-6-days-in-northeastern.md) _Context: Richard Matt_
7. [Texas Governor Rick Perry is indicted on felony charges for abuse of power. He is accused of coercing a District Attorney who had been convicted of drunk driving to resign by threatening to veto funding for state public corruption prosecutors. ](/news/2014/08/15/texas-governor-rick-perry-is-indicted-on-felony-charges-for-abuse-of-power-he-is-accused-of-coercing-a-district-attorney-who-had-been-convi.md) _Context: felons_
8. [A man suspected of a shooting at the New River Community College in Christiansburg, Virginia, United States, is charged with multiple counts of malicious wounding and use of a firearm during the commission of a felony, and held without bail. ](/news/2013/04/13/a-man-suspected-of-a-shooting-at-the-new-river-community-college-in-christiansburg-virginia-united-states-is-charged-with-multiple-counts.md) _Context: felons_
9. [U.S. actress Halle Berry is granted a restraining order against a convicted felon arrested on her Hollywood Hills property on Monday. ](/news/2011/07/12/u-s-actress-halle-berry-is-granted-a-restraining-order-against-a-convicted-felon-arrested-on-her-hollywood-hills-property-on-monday.md) _Context: felons_
10. [Los Angeles County prosecuters lodge four felony charges against a man suspected of bombing a Chabad house in the US suburb of Santa Monica, California. ](/news/2011/04/12/los-angeles-county-prosecuters-lodge-four-felony-charges-against-a-man-suspected-of-bombing-a-chabad-house-in-the-us-suburb-of-santa-monica.md) _Context: felons_
