### [2015-03-21](/news/2015/03/21/index.md)

# 2014-15 Australian region cyclone season: Residents living on the east coast of the Northern Territory prepare for the second tropical cyclone to hit the area in a month as Tropical Cyclone Nathan is likely to make landfall tomorrow morning. 

Communities along the eastern NT coast are readying for their second major storm event in just over a month, as Cyclone Nathan bears down.


### Source:

1. [ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-03-21/eastern-nt-bracing-for-cyclone-nathan/6337724)

### Related:

1. [2014-15 Australian region cyclone season: Cyclone Nathan makes landfall near Nhulunbuy in the Northern Territory as a high end Category 2 cyclone. ](/news/2015/03/22/2014-15-australian-region-cyclone-season-cyclone-nathan-makes-landfall-near-nhulunbuy-in-the-northern-territory-as-a-high-end-category-2.md) _Context: 2014-15 Australian region cyclone season, Northern Territory_
2. [The Prime Minister of Australia Malcolm Turnbull announces that a Royal Commission will be held into the Northern Territory youth justice system after the Australian Broadcasting Commission's Four Corners program shows footage of juvenile Aboriginal Australians being tortured at the Don Dale Juvenile Detention Centre. John Elferink has been sacked as the Northern Territory's Minister for Justice and Corrections following the report. ](/news/2016/07/26/the-prime-minister-of-australia-malcolm-turnbull-announces-that-a-royal-commission-will-be-held-into-the-northern-territory-youth-justice-sy.md) _Context: Northern Territory_
3. [List of earthquakes in Australia: The United States Geological Survey (USGS) reports a magnitude 5.9 earthquake strikes the southern part of the Northern Territory in central Australia. No damage or injuries are reported. ](/news/2016/05/20/list-of-earthquakes-in-australia-the-united-states-geological-survey-usgs-reports-a-magnitude-5-9-earthquake-strikes-the-southern-part-of.md) _Context: Northern Territory_
4. [2014-15 Australian region cyclone season: Severe Tropical Cyclone Nathan makes landfall on Cape York Peninsula in far North Queensland as a category 4 (Australian system). ](/news/2015/03/20/2014-15-australian-region-cyclone-season-severe-tropical-cyclone-nathan-makes-landfall-on-cape-york-peninsula-in-far-north-queensland-as.md) _Context: 2014-15 Australian region cyclone season_
5. [2014-15 Australian region cyclone season: Authorities in the Australian state of Queensland prepare for the impact of Severe Tropical Cyclone Nathan which is forecast to make landfall near Cooktown early tomorrow morning. ](/news/2015/03/19/2014-15-australian-region-cyclone-season-authorities-in-the-australian-state-of-queensland-prepare-for-the-impact-of-severe-tropical-cycl.md) _Context: 2014-15 Australian region cyclone season_
6. [2014-15 Australian region cyclone season: Cyclone Nathan intensifies to a category 2 tropical cyclone (Australian scale) and is expected to make landfall near the Queensland town of Cooktown on March 19. ](/news/2015/03/18/2014-15-australian-region-cyclone-season-cyclone-nathan-intensifies-to-a-category-2-tropical-cyclone-australian-scale-and-is-expected-t.md) _Context: 2014-15 Australian region cyclone season_
7. [2014-15 Australian region cyclone season: Tropical Cyclone Olwyn intensifies with the potential to reach Category 3 on the Saffir-Simpson scale before making landfall in Western Australia's Pilbara region on March 13. ](/news/2015/03/12/2014-15-australian-region-cyclone-season-tropical-cyclone-olwyn-intensifies-with-the-potential-to-reach-category-3-on-the-saffir-simpson.md) _Context: 2014-15 Australian region cyclone season_
8. [2014-15 Australian region cyclone season: Tropical Cyclone Nathan intensifies to a Category 2 system as it nears Cape York Peninsula in the north of the Australian state of Queensland. ](/news/2015/03/11/2014-15-australian-region-cyclone-season-tropical-cyclone-nathan-intensifies-to-a-category-2-system-as-it-nears-cape-york-peninsula-in-th.md) _Context: 2014-15 Australian region cyclone season_
9. [2014-15 Australian region cyclone season: Cyclone Marcia makes landfall near Shoalwater Bay in central Queensland as a Category 5 tropical cyclone with wind gusts of up to 285 kilometres per hour. ](/news/2015/02/20/2014-15-australian-region-cyclone-season-cyclone-marcia-makes-landfall-near-shoalwater-bay-in-central-queensland-as-a-category-5-tropical.md) _Context: 2014-15 Australian region cyclone season_
10. [2014-15 Australian region cyclone season: Cyclone Marcia is expected to strengthen to category 5 before making landfall in Central Queensland. ](/news/2015/02/19/2014-15-australian-region-cyclone-season-cyclone-marcia-is-expected-to-strengthen-to-category-5-before-making-landfall-in-central-queensl.md) _Context: 2014-15 Australian region cyclone season_
