### [2015-03-21](/news/2015/03/21/index.md)

# Yemeni crisis: The United States military evacuates the remaining 100 Special Operations forces members in the country due to the deteriorating security situation. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2015/03/21/middleeast/yemen-unrest/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military: Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
2. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military: U.S. President Donald Trump tweets that transgender Americans will not be allowed to serve "in any capacity" in the United States Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/07/26/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-u-s-president-donald-trump-tweets-that-transgender-americans-will-not.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
3. [Russia-United States relations: A Russian SU-27 fighter jet intercepts an American B-52 strategic bomber that was flying over international waters of the Baltic Sea parallel to the Russian border, and escorts the B-52 until it flew away from the border area. The United States military confirmed that the US Air Force B-52 was operating in international airspace, but had no further comment about the incident. ](/news/2017/06/6/russia-united-states-relations-a-russian-su-27-fighter-jet-intercepts-an-american-b-52-strategic-bomber-that-was-flying-over-internationa.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
4. [American-led intervention in Syria: Battle of Raqqa (2017): The United States-backed Syrian Democratic Forces launch an operation to capture Raqqa, ISIL's "de facto" Syrian capital. ](/news/2017/06/6/american-led-intervention-in-syria-battle-of-raqqa-2017-the-united-states-backed-syrian-democratic-forces-launch-an-operation-to-capture.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
5. [Marawi crisis: United States special forces join the battle in Marawi, Philippines, against the Maute. ](/news/2017/06/10/marawi-crisis-united-states-special-forces-join-the-battle-in-marawi-philippines-against-the-maute.md) _Context: special forces_
6. [War in Afghanistan: A U.S. special forces service member is killed while taking part in an operation against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's eastern Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/8/war-in-afghanistan-a-u-s-special-forces-service-member-is-killed-while-taking-part-in-an-operation-against-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s.md) _Context: special forces_
7. [Terrorism in the United States: ISIL supporter, Terrence J. McNeil, of Akron, Ohio, pleads guilty to five counts of soliciting to commit criminal violence and communicating interstate threats in calls to kill U.S. military personnel. He is scheduled to be sentenced in August and faces up to 20 years in prison.](/news/2017/04/20/terrorism-in-the-united-states-isil-supporter-terrence-j-mcneil-of-akron-ohio-pleads-guilty-to-five-counts-of-soliciting-to-commit-cri.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
8. [Yemeni War: Yemen reassesses its permission to the United States to run special operations ground missions against suspected terrorist groups because of the civilian deaths in the January 29 raid. Earlier reports indicated permission had been suspended. [https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/07/world/middleeast/yemen-special-operations-missions.html?_r=0 ("The New York Times")] [https://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/08/world/middleeast/yemen-raid-american-military.html ("The New York Times")2]](/news/2017/02/8/yemeni-war-yemen-reassesses-its-permission-to-the-united-states-to-run-special-operations-ground-missions-against-suspected-terrorist-group.md) _Context: special forces_
9. [Presidency of Donald Trump: The Trump administration plans to increase the budget of the United States Armed Forces by more than 9%. ](/news/2017/02/28/presidency-of-donald-trump-the-trump-administration-plans-to-increase-the-budget-of-the-united-states-armed-forces-by-more-than-9.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
10. [Operation Atlantic Resolve: 3,000 U.S. troops are deployed in Poland as part of NATO's Operation Atlantic Resolve. Poland says that the deployment is a necessary response to Russian military exercises near its border and its intervention in Ukraine while Russia condemns the move as a "threat to national interests and security". ](/news/2017/01/12/operation-atlantic-resolve-3-000-u-s-troops-are-deployed-in-poland-as-part-of-nato-s-operation-atlantic-resolve-poland-says-that-the-depl.md) _Context: United States military personnel_
