### [2005-04-13](/news/2005/04/13/index.md)

#  The National Geographic Society and IBM support a project to take DNA samples from various people all over the world to track migration of ''Homo sapiens'' from Africa. 

From newly charted astronomical anomalies at the far reaches of the universe to the rise of nanotechnology, nobody covers science and the latest discoveries like Reuters.com.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2005/04/13/national/13gene.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=scienceNews&storyID=8163095)

### Related:

1. [The oldest fossil records of ''Homo sapiens'' are discovered in Jebel Irhoud, Morocco, dated at between 300,000 and 350,000 years old. The earliest ''Homo sapiens'' fossils had been dated as 200,000 years old. ](/news/2017/06/7/the-oldest-fossil-records-of-homo-sapiens-are-discovered-in-jebel-irhoud-morocco-dated-at-between-300-000-and-350-000-years-old-the-e.md) _Context: Homo sapiens_
2. [Nearly five hundred African migrants swarm the border of Spain from Morocco. ](/news/2017/02/17/nearly-five-hundred-african-migrants-swarm-the-border-of-spain-from-morocco.md) _Context: Africa_
3. [ Ethiopia officially opens the Omo River Gibe III hydroelectric dam, one of the biggest in Africa, that is predicted to double the country's electricity output. Critics are concerned about this dam's impact on locals, on the environment, including Kenya's Lake Turkana, and on neighboring countries. ](/news/2016/12/17/ethiopia-officially-opens-the-omo-river-gibe-iii-hydroelectric-dam-one-of-the-biggest-in-africa-that-is-predicted-to-double-the-countrya.md) _Context: Africa_
4. [IBM allows the public to access a five-qubit quantum computer its researchers have developed in Yorktown Heights, New York. ](/news/2016/05/4/ibm-allows-the-public-to-access-a-five-qubit-quantum-computer-its-researchers-have-developed-in-yorktown-heights-new-york.md) _Context: IBM_
5. [Africa's longest serving leader Teodoro Obiang, the President of Equatorial Guinea is declared the winner of the recent election with 93.7 per cent of the vote. His government has been heavily criticised by human rights group. ](/news/2016/04/28/africa-s-longest-serving-leader-teodoro-obiang-the-president-of-equatorial-guinea-is-declared-the-winner-of-the-recent-election-with-93-7-p.md) _Context: Africa_
6. [Scientists warn a new strain of the Panama Disease fungus, which in the 1950s nearly wiped out the most popular banana in the world, the Gros Michel,  is threatening today's favorite, the Cavendish, according to a new study published in  ''PLOS Pathogens''. This  untreatable fungal disease, called Tropical Race 4, has been active for decades in Southeast Asia. It  recently has spread to other parts of Asia, Africa, the Middle East, and Australia, and is expected to make its way to Latin America, where the vast majority of the world's exported bananas are grown. ](/news/2015/12/6/scientists-warn-a-new-strain-of-the-panama-disease-fungus-which-in-the-1950s-nearly-wiped-out-the-most-popular-banana-in-the-world-the-gro.md) _Context: Africa_
7. [A UNICEF report finds AIDS is now the leading cause of death for African teenagers and the second most common killer for adolescents across the globe. While the Asia Pacific region has seen a 31 percent drop in new HIV infections, and 28 percent decline in AIDS-related deaths, the estimated number of adolescents dying of AIDS in the region  has more than doubled since 2005. Tomorrow is World Aids Day. ](/news/2015/11/30/a-unicef-report-finds-aids-is-now-the-leading-cause-of-death-for-african-teenagers-and-the-second-most-common-killer-for-adolescents-across.md) _Context: Africa_
8. [Pope Francis makes his first official visit to Africa. ](/news/2015/11/25/pope-francis-makes-his-first-official-visit-to-africa.md) _Context: Africa_
9. [The number of migrants arriving in Italy from Africa in 2015 passes 50,000 with over 5000 arriving in the past few days. ](/news/2015/06/7/the-number-of-migrants-arriving-in-italy-from-africa-in-2015-passes-50-000-with-over-5000-arriving-in-the-past-few-days.md) _Context: Africa_
10. [Preventive medicine researchers from Harvard University and Northwestern University conduct a study on long-term (13 years; 793 people) pre-cancer changes (mostly leukemia, prostate cancer, lung cancers, and skin cancers) in telomeres, the protective ends of DNA. Some said, in previous short-look studies, that focused mostly on their known role in the pace of regular aging, that they either got shorter or longer. There was a 3-4 year period of accelerated aging, and then it halted a few years before cancer was diagnosed. ](/news/2015/05/3/preventive-medicine-researchers-from-harvard-university-and-northwestern-university-conduct-a-study-on-long-term-13-years-793-people-pre.md) _Context: DNA_
