### [2005-04-13](/news/2005/04/13/index.md)

#  The European Parliament votes to allow Bulgaria and Romania to join the European Union in 2007. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/4440755.stm)

### Related:

1. [United States-European Union relations. The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/united-states-european-union-relations-the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-go.md) _Context: Bulgaria, European Parliament, European Union, Romania_
2. [ Romania and Bulgaria join the European Union. ](/news/2007/01/1/romania-and-bulgaria-join-the-european-union.md) _Context: Bulgaria, European Union, Romania_
3. [ The European Commission confirms that Bulgaria and Romania are set to join the European Union on 1 January 2007, in what may be the last EU expansion before a European constitution is established. ](/news/2006/09/26/the-european-commission-confirms-that-bulgaria-and-romania-are-set-to-join-the-european-union-on-1-january-2007-in-what-may-be-the-last-eu.md) _Context: Bulgaria, European Union, Romania_
4. [ Bulgaria and Romania sign accession treaty to the European Union, continuing the enlargement process. ](/news/2005/04/25/bulgaria-and-romania-sign-accession-treaty-to-the-european-union-continuing-the-enlargement-process.md) _Context: Bulgaria, European Union, Romania_
5. [Ukraine-European Union relations. Representatives of the European Parliament and European Council sign a document formally granting Ukrainians visa-free travel to the European Union. The visa-free regime is due to enter into force on June 11. ](/news/2017/05/17/ukraine-european-union-relations-representatives-of-the-european-parliament-and-european-council-sign-a-document-formally-granting-ukrain.md) _Context: European Parliament, European Union_
6. [European migrant crisis. EU-Turkey relations. The European Union proposes visa-free travel for Turkish citizens within Europe's Schengen Area and invites member states and EU lawmakers to endorse the move by June 30. The EU says Turkey has met all but five of the 72 criteria included in the agreement in exchange for its efforts to stop asylum seekers from reaching Europe. This visa deal also needs approval from the European Parliament. ](/news/2016/05/4/european-migrant-crisis-eu-turkey-relations-the-european-union-proposes-visa-free-travel-for-turkish-citizens-within-europe-s-schengen-are.md) _Context: European Parliament, European Union_
7. [Ukraine-European Union relations. The European Union proposes offering Ukraine visa-free travel to its members. However, it is still unclear how fast the liberalization process will be dealt with in the European Parliament and European Council, where some EU member states might want to slow down the process. ](/news/2016/04/20/ukraine-european-union-relations-the-european-union-proposes-offering-ukraine-visa-free-travel-to-its-members-however-it-is-still-uncle.md) _Context: European Parliament, European Union_
8. [2015-16 protests in Moldova. Thousands of people rally in the streets of Chisinau, the capital of Moldova, demanding reunification with Romania. The rally is meant to mark the 98th anniversary since the former Romanian province of Bessarabia was unified with the Kingdom of Romania on March 27, 1918. The protesters say unification with Romania is the way for corruption-ridden Moldova to move forward and join the European Union. ](/news/2016/03/27/2015-16-protests-in-moldova-thousands-of-people-rally-in-the-streets-of-chieinau-the-capital-of-moldova-demanding-reunification-with.md) _Context: European Union, Romania_
9. [Foreign relations of Saudi Arabia. Yemeni Civil War (2015-present). The European Parliament adopts a resolution calling for the introduction of an arms embargo against Saudi Arabia, saying the United Kingdom, France and other EU governments should no longer sell weapons to a country accused of targeting civilians in Yemen. ](/news/2016/02/25/foreign-relations-of-saudi-arabia-yemeni-civil-war-2015-present-the-european-parliament-adopts-a-resolution-calling-for-the-introducti.md) _Context: European Parliament, European Union_
10. [Russia abandons its plans for the South Stream pipeline to Bulgaria due to European Union objections instead looking at a pipeline to Turkey. ](/news/2014/12/1/russia-abandons-its-plans-for-the-south-stream-pipeline-to-bulgaria-due-to-european-union-objections-instead-looking-at-a-pipeline-to-turkey.md) _Context: Bulgaria, European Union_
