### [2011-08-30](/news/2011/08/30/index.md)

# Environmentalists, citing greenhouse gas emissions and risks of oil spills, including climatologist James Hansen are arrested outside the White House in Washington D.C. in a protest to urge President Barack Obama to reject TransCanada Corp.'s $7 billion proposed Keystone Pipeline extension from the Athabasca Oil Sands in northern Alberta in Canada to the US Gulf Coast. 

A series of arrests outside the White House nets actress.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/lifestyle/celebrity/daryl-hannah-arrested-20110831-1jl2g.html)
2. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2011-08-29/nasa-s-hansen-arrested-outside-white-house-at-pipeline-protest.html)
3. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/2011/08/30/140054844/the-nation-coming-together-in-central-cell-block)
4. [The Nation](http://www.thenation.com/blog/162987/civil-disobedience-tar-sands-continues-amid-ominous-signs-administration)
5. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/cwire/2011/08/26/26climatewire-hansen-says-obama-will-be-greenwashing-about-72041.html)
5. [Cover Image](http://www.smh.com.au/content/dam/images/1/j/l/3/e/image.related.articleLeadwide.620x349.1jl2g.png/1314757183147.jpg)

### Related:

1. [The United States Senate narrowly defeats legislation on the Keystone XL Pipeline, intended to allow oil from the oil sands of Canada to flow to the Gulf Coast of Texas. ](/news/2014/11/18/the-united-states-senate-narrowly-defeats-legislation-on-the-keystone-xl-pipeline-intended-to-allow-oil-from-the-oil-sands-of-canada-to-flo.md) _Context: Canada, Gulf Coast, Keystone XL_
2. [Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C. A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in-the-first-global-robotics-co.md) _Context: Canada, District of Columbia_
3. [A herd of Plains bison are successfully reintroduced to the Banff National Park in Alberta, Canada, more than 100 years after they were nearly hunted out of existence. ](/news/2017/02/6/a-herd-of-plains-bison-are-successfully-reintroduced-to-the-banff-national-park-in-alberta-canada-more-than-100-years-after-they-were-near.md) _Context: Alberta, Canada_
4. [Residents return to Fort McMurray for the first time since May 1. A couple thousand firefighters, from as far away as South Africa, continue to battle the 5,800 square kilometer (3,603 square mile) Canadian blaze that has crossed the Alberta border into Saskatchewan. ](/news/2016/06/1/residents-return-to-fort-mcmurray-for-the-first-time-since-may-1-a-couple-thousand-firefighters-from-as-far-away-as-south-africa-continue.md) _Context: Alberta, Canada_
5. [The western Canadian province of Alberta declares a state of emergency as devastating wildfires, fed by unseasonably hot temperatures and dry conditions, grow to five times their initial size. The mandatory evacuation order expands to include the communities of Anzac, Gregoire Lake Estates, and Fort McMurray First Nation, forcing thousands who had just resettled to move again. ](/news/2016/05/5/the-western-canadian-province-of-alberta-declares-a-state-of-emergency-as-devastating-wildfires-fed-by-unseasonably-hot-temperatures-and-dr.md) _Context: Alberta, Canada_
6. [A mandatory evacuation order for more than 29,000 people remains in place for the Canadian town of Fort McMurray, Alberta, which is threatened by an out of control wildfire. ](/news/2016/05/3/a-mandatory-evacuation-order-for-more-than-29-000-people-remains-in-place-for-the-canadian-town-of-fort-mcmurray-alberta-which-is-threaten.md) _Context: Alberta, Canada_
7. [Alberta authorities update information about the fire. About 2,400 homes and buildings were destroyed, but firefighters saved 25,000 others in the city, including the hospital, municipal buildings, and every functioning school. They expect most of the 88,000 evacuees will return to their homes within two weeks. The fire, which has merged with another blaze, is about 884 square miles (2,090 square kilometers) in size. The majority of Canada's oil sands industry, and a third of the country's total oil output, is offline, though Shell Canada has restarted its Albian Sands mining operations. ](/news/2016/05/10/alberta-authorities-update-information-about-the-fire-about-2-400-homes-and-buildings-were-destroyed-but-firefighters-saved-25-000-others.md) _Context: Alberta, Canada_
8. [The United States Capitol in Washington, D.C. is on lockdown following reports of shots fired at the Capitol Visitor Center. The White House, in what appears to be an unrelated incident, was briefly locked down this afternoon. ](/news/2016/03/28/the-united-states-capitol-in-washington-d-c-is-on-lockdown-following-reports-of-shots-fired-at-the-capitol-visitor-center-the-white-house.md) _Context: District of Columbia, White House_
9. [Tens of thousands of people are being evacuated from western Canada as firefighters continue to battle wildfires in Saskatchewan, Alberta and British Columbia. ](/news/2015/07/8/tens-of-thousands-of-people-are-being-evacuated-from-western-canada-as-firefighters-continue-to-battle-wildfires-in-saskatchewan-alberta-an.md) _Context: Alberta, Canada_
10. [Wildfires continue to rage throughout the western Canadian provinces of Saskatchewan, Alberta and British Columbia. ](/news/2015/07/10/wildfires-continue-to-rage-throughout-the-western-canadian-provinces-of-saskatchewan-alberta-and-british-columbia.md) _Context: Alberta, Canada_
