### [2011-08-30](/news/2011/08/30/index.md)

# Muslims celebrate Eid ul-Fitr marking the end of Ramadan, the month of fasting. In Indonesia, however, the government rules that the end of Ramadan should be delayed one day. 

Saudi Arabia announced Eid-ul-Fitr falls today, while most of Pakistan and India will wait until tomorrow. 


### Source:

1. [Hindustan Times](http://www.hindustantimes.com/Indonesia-s-Eid-confusion-To-fast-or-not-to-fast/Article1-739804.aspx)
2. [Wall Street Journal](http://blogs.wsj.com/indiarealtime/2011/08/30/world-again-split-on-two-%E2%80%98eids%E2%80%99/)

### Related:

1. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Indonesia, Muslim_
2. [Approximately 200,000 Muslims protest in the Indonesian capital Jakarta against the Governor Basuki Tjahaja Purnama for alleged blasphemy. This is the second mass protest in a month against the minority Christian governor. ](/news/2016/12/2/approximately-200-000-muslims-protest-in-the-indonesian-capital-jakarta-against-the-governor-basuki-tjahaja-purnama-for-alleged-blasphemy-t.md) _Context: Indonesia, Muslim_
3. [This week, the Gambia and Tanzania outlawed child marriages. Friday, the Tanzanian High Court -- in a case filed by the "Msichana Initiative", a lobbying group that advocates for girls' right to education -- ruled in favor of protecting girls from the harms of early marriage. And during a feast ending the Muslim holy month of Ramadan on Wednesday, The Gambian President Yahya Jammeh announced that child and forced marriages are banned. Jammeh called on the National Assembly to quickly take up the issue. ](/news/2016/07/9/this-week-the-gambia-and-tanzania-outlawed-child-marriages-friday-the-tanzanian-high-court-a-in-a-case-filed-by-the-msichana-initiativ.md) _Context: Muslim, Ramadan_
4. [Thousands of Indonesians are stranded on the Eid al-Fitr holiday at the end of Ramadan as five airports remain closed as a result of the eruption of the Raung and Gamalama volcanoes. ](/news/2015/07/17/thousands-of-indonesians-are-stranded-on-the-eid-al-fitr-holiday-at-the-end-of-ramadan-as-five-airports-remain-closed-as-a-result-of-the-eru.md) _Context: Indonesia, Ramadan_
5. [Two boats carrying 500 members of Myanmar's Rohingya Muslim people arrive in western Indonesia. ](/news/2015/05/10/two-boats-carrying-500-members-of-myanmar-s-rohingya-muslim-people-arrive-in-western-indonesia.md) _Context: Indonesia, Muslim_
6. [The trial of Indonesian Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Bashir on terrorism charges begins in Jakarta. ](/news/2011/02/10/the-trial-of-indonesian-muslim-cleric-abu-bakar-bashir-on-terrorism-charges-begins-in-jakarta.md) _Context: Indonesia, Muslim_
7. [Muslims around the world celebrate the feast of Eid al-Fitr marking the end of the holy month of Ramadan. ](/news/2010/09/11/muslims-around-the-world-celebrate-the-feast-of-eid-al-fitr-marking-the-end-of-the-holy-month-of-ramadan.md) _Context: Muslim, Ramadan_
8. [Muslim cleric Abu Bakar Bashir is arrested - along with his wife, the driver of the car he was in and another woman - by Indonesian police in Ciamis, West Java. ](/news/2010/08/9/muslim-cleric-abu-bakar-bashir-is-arrested-along-with-his-wife-the-driver-of-the-car-he-was-in-and-another-woman-by-indonesian-police-i.md) _Context: Indonesia, Muslim_
9. [Millions of Muslims begin the holy month of Ramadan in which they are required to fast between sunrise and sunset. ](/news/2010/08/11/millions-of-muslims-begin-the-holy-month-of-ramadan-in-which-they-are-required-to-fast-between-sunrise-and-sunset.md) _Context: Ramadan, fasting_
10. [At least three security officers are killed after riots in north Jakarta, Indonesia, over plans to bulldoze a cemetery containing a memorial to a revered Muslim scholar. ](/news/2010/04/15/at-least-three-security-officers-are-killed-after-riots-in-north-jakarta-indonesia-over-plans-to-bulldoze-a-cemetery-containing-a-memorial.md) _Context: Indonesia, Muslim_
