### [2011-08-30](/news/2011/08/30/index.md)

# The death toll from Hurricane Irene reaches 40 in the contiguous United States plus three people in the Dominican Republic and one in Puerto Rico. 

The death toll from Hurricane Irene has spiralled to 38 across 11 states in the US as bodies were pulled from floodwaters and people were electrocuted by downed power lines.


### Source:

1. [Associated Press](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/U/US_IRENE?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT&CTIME=2011-08-29-22-50-24)
2. [International Business Times](http://www.ibtimes.com/articles/206012/20110830/hurricane-irene-new-jersey-flooding-passaic-mercer-middlesex-nj-transit.htm)
3. [NZ Stuff](http://www.stuff.co.nz/world/americas/5529058/Irene-inflicts-huge-floods-in-US-death-toll-hits-38)
3. [Cover Image](https://static2.stuff.co.nz/1314736448/730/5537730.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Hurricane Maria reaches Category 5 as it threatens the Leeward Islands, Puerto Rico, and the Dominican Republic. ](/news/2017/09/18/hurricane-maria-reaches-category-5-as-it-threatens-the-leeward-islands-puerto-rico-and-the-dominican-republic.md) _Context: Dominican Republic, Puerto Rico_
2. [Five deaths occurred in Haiti as Tropical Storm Erika dumped heavy rains there, on the Dominican Republic, and on Puerto Rico. The storm weakened to a Tropical Depression before it hit Cuba (max winds 56 kph (35 mph), heading to the southeastern Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2015/08/29/five-deaths-occurred-in-haiti-as-tropical-storm-erika-dumped-heavy-rains-there-on-the-dominican-republic-and-on-puerto-rico-the-storm-wea.md) _Context: Dominican Republic, Puerto Rico_
3. [The death toll of a boat sunk with more than 70 people from Samana, Dominican Republic, trying to illegally enter Puerto Rico, reaches 47. ](/news/2012/02/10/the-death-toll-of-a-boat-sunk-with-more-than-70-people-from-samana-dominican-republic-trying-to-illegally-enter-puerto-rico-reaches-47.md) _Context: Dominican Republic, Puerto Rico_
4. [Tropical Storm Emily forms in the Atlantic Ocean with tropical storm warnings issued for Puerto Rico, Guadeloupe, Desirade, Les Saintes, Marie Galante and the Dominican Republic. ](/news/2011/08/1/tropical-storm-emily-forms-in-the-atlantic-ocean-with-tropical-storm-warnings-issued-for-puerto-rico-guadeloupe-desirade-les-saintes-mar.md) _Context: Dominican Republic, Puerto Rico_
5. [ Subtropical Storm Olga forms north of Puerto Rico, ten days after the official end of the 2007 Atlantic hurricane season. The National Hurricane Center forecasts landfall in the Dominican Republic within 24 hours, and Tropical Storm Warnings and Watches have been posted for the northern shore of the nation. ](/news/2007/12/10/subtropical-storm-olga-forms-north-of-puerto-rico-ten-days-after-the-official-end-of-the-2007-atlantic-hurricane-season-the-national-hurr.md) _Context: Dominican Republic, Puerto Rico_
6. [ El Vocero reports that 50 out of 129 illegal immigrants travelling by boat from the Dominican Republic to Puerto Rico have been massacred by the ship's captains.](/news/2004/08/23/el-vocero-reports-that-50-out-of-129-illegal-immigrants-travelling-by-boat-from-the-dominican-republic-to-puerto-rico-have-been-massacred-b.md) _Context: Dominican Republic, Puerto Rico_
7. [Irma has killed at least 14 people. The storm, still at Category 5 strength with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h), is moving west-northwest at 16 mph (26 km/h). It has reached the dual-country island of Hispaniola and is forecast to pass over the Turks and Caicos Islands as it heads towards The Bahamas and Cuba. The eye did not directly hit Puerto Rico; still casualties are reported and around two-thirds of its 3.4 million population are without electricity. ](/news/2017/09/7/irma-has-killed-at-least-14-people-the-storm-still-at-category-5-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-175-mph-280-km-h-is-moving-we.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
8. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 km/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-km-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
9. [The United States Department of Homeland Security will not waive the Merchant Marine Act of 1920 (or "Jones Act") in response to the ongoing disaster in Puerto Rico, even though similar waivers were granted for Houston and parts of Florida, in the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey and Hurricane Irma, respectively. ](/news/2017/09/27/the-united-states-department-of-homeland-security-will-not-waive-the-merchant-marine-act-of-1920-or-jones-act-in-response-to-the-ongoing.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
10. [Puerto Rican officials request aid from the United States federal government for welfare in the aftermath of the hurricane-induced humanitarian crisis on the island. ](/news/2017/09/25/puerto-rican-officials-request-aid-from-the-united-states-federal-government-for-welfare-in-the-aftermath-of-the-hurricane-induced-humanitar.md) _Context: Puerto Rico_
