### [2011-08-30](/news/2011/08/30/index.md)

# While reportedly on his way to surrender to police in Atlanta, Georgia to face murder charges, former National Basketball Association player Javaris Crittenton is arrested by the FBI at John Wayne Airport in Orange County, California. 

Former NBA player Javaris Crittenton, who was suspended from the league for having guns in a locker room with teammate Gilbert Arenas, was arrested Monday in Southern California to face a murder charge in a deadly Atlanta shooting.


### Source:

1. [Associated Press via ESPN](http://espn.go.com/nba/story/_/id/6906139/fbi-arrests-javaris-crittenton-california-airport)

### Related:

1. [Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia.  ](/news/2017/04/18/democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u-s-house-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-now-health-and-human-serv.md) _Context: Atlanta, Georgia_
2. [Voting takes place in Atlanta, Georgia, to elect a new Chair of the Democratic National Committee. Candidates include Sally Boynton Brown, Keith Ellison, Jehmu Greene and former United States Secretary of Labor Tom Perez. ](/news/2017/02/25/voting-takes-place-in-atlanta-georgia-to-elect-a-new-chair-of-the-democratic-national-committee-candidates-include-sally-boynton-brown-k.md) _Context: Atlanta, Georgia_
3. [The Federal Bureau of Investigation and Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives are investigating a series of fires at black churches in the states of Tennessee, South Carolina, North Carolina and Georgia with three of the four cases confirmed as arson. ](/news/2015/06/28/the-federal-bureau-of-investigation-and-bureau-of-alcohol-tobacco-firearms-and-explosives-are-investigating-a-series-of-fires-at-black-chu.md) _Context: Federal Bureau of Investigation, Georgia_
4. [A Piper PA-32 plane crashes onto the motorway near DeKalb-Peachtree Airport, Atlanta, Georgia killing all four passengers. Interstate 285 is closed in both directions. ](/news/2015/05/8/a-piper-pa-32-plane-crashes-onto-the-motorway-near-dekalb-peachtree-airport-atlanta-georgia-killing-all-four-passengers-interstate-285-is.md) _Context: Atlanta, Georgia_
5. [A court convicts eleven Atlanta, Georgia teachers as part of a mass cheating scandal. ](/news/2015/04/1/a-court-convicts-eleven-atlanta-georgia-teachers-as-part-of-a-mass-cheating-scandal.md) _Context: Atlanta, Georgia_
6. [A teacher suffers scrapes and bruises and a 14-year-old boy is shot in the back of the neck and suffers a non-life-threatening wound at Luther Judson Price Middle School, a newer Atlanta Public Schools facility in Atlanta, Georgia, United States. The boy is stable at a hospital and the suspected student was safely disarmed by a resource officer and arrested. ](/news/2013/01/31/a-teacher-suffers-scrapes-and-bruises-and-a-14-year-old-boy-is-shot-in-the-back-of-the-neck-and-suffers-a-non-life-threatening-wound-at-luth.md) _Context: Atlanta, Georgia_
7. [Atlanta in the U.S. state of Georgia gets its first white Christmas in 128 years affecting 500 flights. ](/news/2010/12/25/atlanta-in-the-u-s-state-of-georgia-gets-its-first-white-christmas-in-128-years-affecting-500-flights.md) _Context: Atlanta, Georgia_
8. [Surgeons at the Shepherd Center in Atlanta, Georgia inject a spinal cord injury patient with embryonic stem cells in an experiment approved by United States Food and Drug Administration. ](/news/2010/10/11/surgeons-at-the-shepherd-center-in-atlanta-georgia-inject-a-spinal-cord-injury-patient-with-embryonic-stem-cells-in-an-experiment-approved.md) _Context: Atlanta, Georgia_
9. [ Enes Kanter, a Turkish player with the NBA's Oklahoma City Thunder, returns to the U.S. after having been briefly detained in Bucharest. Kanter alleged that his public opposition to Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan and support of exiled Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen had led to the cancellation of his Turkish passport. ](/news/2017/05/21/enes-kanter-a-turkish-player-with-the-nba-s-oklahoma-city-thunder-returns-to-the-u-s-after-having-been-briefly-detained-in-bucharest-ka.md) _Context: NBA's_
10. [Enes Kanter, a Turkish basketballer playing in the American National Basketball Association, is detained at Henri Coanda International Airport after his Turkish passport was cancelled. ](/news/2017/05/20/enes-kanter-a-turkish-basketballer-playing-in-the-american-national-basketball-association-is-detained-at-henri-coanda-international-airp.md) _Context: NBA's_
