### [2014-10-16](/news/2014/10/16/index.md)

# The Europe of Freedom and Direct Democracy (EFDD) group in the European parliament, set up by Eurosceptic parties after the European elections, is dissolved after Latvian MEP Iveta Grigule left the group. 

Andrew Sparrow’s rolling coverage of all the day’s political developments as they happen, including Theresa May giving evidence to the intelligence and security committee and Nick Clegg hosting his Call Clegg phone-in


### Source:

1. [Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/politics/blog/live/2014/oct/16/theresa-may-questioned-by-intelligence-and-security-committee-politics-live-blog)
2. [EP Media Spokesman](https://twitter.com/jduch/status/522697500910956544)

### Related:

1. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: European Parliament_
2. [The European Parliament unanimously approves visa-free regime in the Schengen zone for Georgia. ](/news/2017/02/2/the-european-parliament-unanimously-approves-visa-free-regime-in-the-schengen-zone-for-georgia.md) _Context: European Parliament_
3. [Antonio Tajani has been elected as new President of the European Parliament. ](/news/2017/01/17/antonio-tajani-has-been-elected-as-new-president-of-the-european-parliament.md) _Context: European Parliament_
4. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens to open Turkey's borders to allow refugees and migrants to reach Europe after the European Parliament votes to temporarily freeze talks of Turkey's accession to the EU. ](/news/2016/11/25/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-to-open-turkey-s-borders-to-allow-refugees-and-migrants-to-reach-europe-after-the-european.md) _Context: European Parliament_
5. [An altercation with a fellow UKIP MEP inside the European Parliament leaves UK Independence Party, Member of the European Parliament, and current UKIP party leadership favorite Steven Woolfe hospitalized. ](/news/2016/10/6/an-altercation-with-a-fellow-ukip-mep-inside-the-european-parliament-leaves-uk-independence-party-member-of-the-european-parliament-and-cu.md) _Context: European Parliament_
6. [Nigel Farage resigns as leader of the UK Independence Party (UKIP) but says he and other MEPs/MPs of the party would continue to carry out their term in the European Parliament. ](/news/2016/07/4/nigel-farage-resigns-as-leader-of-the-uk-independence-party-ukip-but-says-he-and-other-meps-mps-of-the-party-would-continue-to-carry-out-t.md) _Context: European Parliament_
7. [Prime Minister David Cameron tells the House of Commons that legal experts advise that the UK-wide Brexit result binds the entire nation, even though  Northern Ireland and Scotland voted to stay in the EU. Yesterday, both Scottish and Northern Irish representatives told the European Parliament's plenary session they will leave the UK if that is the required price to keep their homelands fully connected to Europe. ](/news/2016/06/29/prime-minister-david-cameron-tells-the-house-of-commons-that-legal-experts-advise-that-the-uk-wide-brexit-result-binds-the-entire-nation-ev.md) _Context: European Parliament_
8. [The European Parliament's first debate on the UK's vote to leave is marked by bitter exchanges as prominent pro-Brexit figure Nigel Farage is booed and heckled by members of the European Parliament and European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker is heckled after saying that he is neither a robot nor a bureaucrat. ](/news/2016/06/28/the-european-parliament-s-first-debate-on-the-uk-s-vote-to-leave-is-marked-by-bitter-exchanges-as-prominent-pro-brexit-figure-nigel-farage-i.md) _Context: European Parliament_
9. [The European Union proposes visa-free travel for Turkish citizens within Europe's Schengen Area and invites member states and EU lawmakers to endorse the move by June 30.  The EU says Turkey has met all but five of the 72 criteria included in the agreement in exchange for its efforts to stop asylum seekers from reaching Europe. This visa deal also needs approval from the European Parliament. ](/news/2016/05/4/the-european-union-proposes-visa-free-travel-for-turkish-citizens-within-europe-s-schengen-area-and-invites-member-states-and-eu-lawmakers-t.md) _Context: European Parliament_
10. [The European Union proposes offering Ukraine visa-free travel to its members. However, it is still unclear how fast the liberalization process will be dealt with in the European Parliament and European Council, where some EU member states might want to slow down the process. ](/news/2016/04/20/the-european-union-proposes-offering-ukraine-visa-free-travel-to-its-members-however-it-is-still-unclear-how-fast-the-liberalization-proce.md) _Context: European Parliament_
