### [1999-01-21](/news/1999/01/21/index.md)

#  War on Drugs: In one of the largest drug busts in American history, the United States Coast Guard intercepts a ship with over 9,500 pounds (4.3 t) of cocaine aboard. The ship was headed for Houston, Texas.




### Related:

1. [ The U.S. Coast Guard continues to search for the missing ''F/V Destination'', a Seattle-based fishing vessel operating near St. George, Alaska, with a six-member crew. The Coast Guard has discovered a debris field, but no sign of the crew. ](/news/2017/02/13/the-u-s-coast-guard-continues-to-search-for-the-missing-f-v-destination-a-seattle-based-fishing-vessel-operating-near-st-george-ala.md) _Context: U.S. Coast Guard_
2. [Two nearby boats, responding to a Coast Guard emergency broadcast, rescue 46 people  from the sinking 220-foot ''Alaska Juris'' fishing boat in the Bering Sea off Alaska's Aleutian Islands. There are no reports of injuries; all on board were wearing survival suits. ](/news/2016/07/26/two-nearby-boats-responding-to-a-coast-guard-emergency-broadcast-rescue-46-people-from-the-sinking-220-foot-alaska-juris-fishing-boat.md) _Context: U.S. Coast Guard_
3. [Colombian, Italian, and U.S. police seize 11 tonnes of cocaine smuggled to various countries and arrest 33 people across Colombia and Italy after the discovery of seven laboratories in the Colombian jungle run by local organized criminal groups and 'Ndrangheta. ](/news/2016/06/30/colombian-italian-and-u-s-police-seize-11-tonnes-of-cocaine-smuggled-to-various-countries-and-arrest-33-people-across-colombia-and-italy.md) _Context: cocaine_
4. [ Colombian police announce the seizure of about 8|tonne|lb of cocaine in an operation targeting the Clan Usuga gang. This would make it the biggest seizure of drugs in the history of Colombia. ](/news/2016/05/16/colombian-police-announce-the-seizure-of-about-8-tonne-lb-of-cocaine-in-an-operation-targeting-the-clan-asuga-gang-this-would-make-it-the.md) _Context: cocaine_
5. [Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto proposes legalizing marijuana for medical purposes and easing limits for personal use of the drug. He said he would be sending a bill to the Congress to increase the amount users can legally carry from the current five grams to 28 (0.18-1oz). The news comes just two days after he addressed the United Nations General Assembly at a special session on drug policy and is seen as a chance to re-think the current strategy of fighting drug-trafficking, especially in Mexico where the fighting has killed tens of thousands of people. ](/news/2016/04/22/mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-proposes-legalizing-marijuana-for-medical-purposes-and-easing-limits-for-personal-use-of-the-drug-he.md) _Context: War on Drugs_
6. [Heavy rain of more than 1|ft causes major flooding in Houston, Texas, affecting 1,000 homes, causing five deaths and causing power outages for over 100,000 residents. ](/news/2016/04/18/heavy-rain-of-more-than-1-ft-causes-major-flooding-in-houston-texas-affecting-1-000-homes-causing-five-deaths-and-causing-power-outages-f.md) _Context: Houston, Texas_
7. [The United States Coast Guard and Navy in Hawaii are searching for twelve American servicemen off the northern coast of Oahu following a crash between two United States Marine Corps CH-53E Super Stallion helicopters that were conducting an overnight training flight. ](/news/2016/01/15/the-united-states-coast-guard-and-navy-in-hawaii-are-searching-for-twelve-american-servicemen-off-the-northern-coast-of-oahu-following-a-cra.md) _Context: U.S. Coast Guard_
8. [Venezuela says a U.S. Coast Guard intelligence plane violated its airspace on November 6. ](/news/2015/11/8/venezuela-says-a-u-s-coast-guard-intelligence-plane-violated-its-airspace-on-november-6.md) _Context: U.S. Coast Guard_
9. [Two nephews of  Venezuelan First Lady Cilia Flores, who were arrested in Haiti by U.S. authorities on Tuesday, are indicted in New York for conspiring to smuggle cocaine into the United States. ](/news/2015/11/12/two-nephews-of-venezuelan-first-lady-cilia-flores-who-were-arrested-in-haiti-by-u-s-authorities-on-tuesday-are-indicted-in-new-york-for.md) _Context: cocaine_
10. [U.S. Coast Guard searchers, looking for the 790-foot El Faro cargo ship missing since Thursday, locate multiple objects, including life jackets, life rings, containers, and an oil sheen in the waters off The Bahamas. Connection to El Faro is not immediately confirmed. ](/news/2015/10/4/u-s-coast-guard-searchers-looking-for-the-790-foot-el-faro-cargo-ship-missing-since-thursday-locate-multiple-objects-including-life-jack.md) _Context: U.S. Coast Guard_
