### [2002-10-15](/news/2002/10/15/index.md)

#  ImClone Systems founder Sam Waksal pleaded guilty to bank fraud and conspiracy in an insider trading scandal that threatens Martha Stewart and her home decorating empire.




### Related:

1. [ Martha Stewart is indicted by a federal grand jury on nine criminal counts including securities fraud, obstruction of justice, and conspiracy in the U.S. government's investigation of her possible insider trading of ImClone Systems stock in December 2001. Just hours after this, she announces that she will quit as chairman and CEO of her company.](/news/2003/06/4/martha-stewart-is-indicted-by-a-federal-grand-jury-on-nine-criminal-counts-including-securities-fraud-obstruction-of-justice-and-conspira.md) _Context: ImClone Systems, Martha Stewart, insider trading_
2. [ Martha Stewart is found guilty by a jury on charges of conspiracy, obstruction of justice, and two counts of making false statements regarding alleged insider trading in December 2001. She faces up to 20 years in prison, though it is considered unlikely that she would be sentenced to that maximum. Sentencing is set for June 17. ](/news/2004/03/5/martha-stewart-is-found-guilty-by-a-jury-on-charges-of-conspiracy-obstruction-of-justice-and-two-counts-of-making-false-statements-regard.md) _Context: Martha Stewart, insider trading_
3. [The U.S. Supreme Court agrees to hear an appeal that may redefine the boundaries of insider trading in U.S. law and regulation, especially as it relates to tips shared among family and friends. ](/news/2016/01/19/the-u-s-supreme-court-agrees-to-hear-an-appeal-that-may-redefine-the-boundaries-of-insider-trading-in-u-s-law-and-regulation-especially-a.md) _Context: insider trading_
4. [A jury acquits Rengan Rajaratnam after a trial on insider trading charges in U.S. District Court in New York City. ](/news/2014/07/8/a-jury-acquits-rengan-rajaratnam-after-a-trial-on-insider-trading-charges-in-u-s-district-court-in-new-york-city.md) _Context: insider trading_
5. ["The Wall Street Journal" reports that the FBI and SEC have launched an insider trading investigation involving billionaire investor Carl Icahn, Las Vegas gambler and investor Billy Walters, and golf superstar Phil Mickelson. No wrongdoing has yet been alleged. ](/news/2014/05/30/the-wall-street-journal-reports-that-the-fbi-and-sec-have-launched-an-insider-trading-investigation-involving-billionaire-investor-carl-ic.md) _Context: insider trading_
6. [$1.8 billion in fines are imposed on S.A.C. Capital Advisors by the United States for insider trading violations. ](/news/2014/04/11/1-8-billion-in-fines-are-imposed-on-s-a-c-capital-advisors-by-the-united-states-for-insider-trading-violations.md) _Context: insider trading_
7. [SAC Capital Advisors pleads guilty to insider trading and wire fraud and agrees to pay $1.8 billion in penalties to the United States. ](/news/2013/11/5/sac-capital-advisors-pleads-guilty-to-insider-trading-and-wire-fraud-and-agrees-to-pay-1-8-billion-in-penalties-to-the-united-states.md) _Context: insider trading_
8. [The Stockholm School of Economics, one of Sweden's most prestigious universities, is hit by scandal amidst revelation that top official Justin Jenk forged CMC documents about his conviction of insider trading in Greece. [http://www.di.se/artiklar/2013/5/3/toppchefen-pa-handels-domd-till-fangelse/ ("Dagens Industri")] (Swedish)](/news/2013/05/3/the-stockholm-school-of-economics-one-of-sweden-s-most-prestigious-universities-is-hit-by-scandal-amidst-revelation-that-top-official-just.md) _Context: insider trading_
9. [The U.S. Attorney's office in Los Angeles, California announces that Scott London, former senior partner with KPMG, has agreed to plead guilty on charges involving insider trading. ](/news/2013/05/28/the-u-s-attorney-s-office-in-los-angeles-california-announces-that-scott-london-former-senior-partner-with-kpmg-has-agreed-to-plead-guil.md) _Context: insider trading_
10. [Rolf Wolff, president of the Stockholm School of Economics, is fired amidst a scandal where he promoted a convicted insider trader for a top position at the university and allegedly he lied about his academic credentials. ](/news/2013/05/16/rolf-wolff-president-of-the-stockholm-school-of-economics-is-fired-amidst-a-scandal-where-he-promoted-a-convicted-insider-trader-for-a-top.md) _Context: insider trading_
