### [2012-01-18](/news/2012/01/18/index.md)

# The Prime Minister of Pakistan, Yousuf Raza Gilani, appears before Pakistan's Supreme Court, facing contempt proceedings that could see him barred from holding public office if found guilty. 

Pakistani PM Yousuf Raza Gilani goes before the Supreme Court to defend his decision not to reopen a corruption case against President Zardari.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-16615934)

### Related:

1. [The Prime Minister of Pakistan Yousuf Raza Gilani appears before the Supreme Court of Pakistan to face contempt of court charges. ](/news/2012/02/13/the-prime-minister-of-pakistan-yousuf-raza-gilani-appears-before-the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-to-face-contempt-of-court-charges.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Supreme Court, Yousuf Raza Gilani, contempt of court_
2. [Pakistan's opposition interrupts Parliament's scheduled session demanding   Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif resign during the investigation of his finances, per Thursday's Supreme Court ruling. ](/news/2017/04/21/pakistan-s-opposition-interrupts-parliament-s-scheduled-session-demanding-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-resign-during-the-investigation-of-h.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister, Supreme Court_
3. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred  Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister, Supreme Court_
4. [The Supreme Court of Pakistan finds Prime Minister Syed Yousaf Raza Gillani guilty of contempt of court but he is given only a token sentence of imprisonment lasting less than a minute. ](/news/2012/04/26/the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-finds-prime-minister-syed-yousaf-raza-gillani-guilty-of-contempt-of-court-but-he-is-given-only-a-token-sentenc.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Supreme Court, contempt of court_
5. [ Pakistan's Supreme Court will allow former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to stand for election. ](/news/2009/05/26/pakistan-s-supreme-court-will-allow-former-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-to-stand-for-election.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister, Supreme Court_
6. [ The Supreme Court of Pakistan delays by-elections until it can handle the appeal of disqualified candidate Nawaz Sharif, former Prime Minister and leader of the Pakistan Muslim League (N). ](/news/2008/06/25/the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-delays-by-elections-until-it-can-handle-the-appeal-of-disqualified-candidate-nawaz-sharif-former-prime-minis.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister, Supreme Court_
7. [ Nawaz Sharif, former Prime Minister of Pakistan, states that he will return to Pakistan from exile after winning a case in the Supreme Court of Pakistan. ](/news/2007/08/30/nawaz-sharif-former-prime-minister-of-pakistan-states-that-he-will-return-to-pakistan-from-exile-after-winning-a-case-in-the-supreme-cour.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister, Supreme Court_
8. [ The travel ban for former Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf is lifted by the Supreme Court of Pakistan. Musharraf is currently facing treason charges in Pakistan. ](/news/2016/03/16/the-travel-ban-for-former-pakistani-president-pervez-musharraf-is-lifted-by-the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-musharraf-is-currently-facing-tr.md) _Context: Pakistan, Supreme Court_
9. [Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is met by Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif  at Allama Iqbal International Airport in Lahore for a two-hour meeting. Modi's surprise stopover is the first since Indian Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee visited Pakistan in 2004.  ](/news/2015/12/25/indian-prime-minister-narendra-modi-is-met-by-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-at-allama-iqbal-international-airport-in-lahore-for-a-t.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister_
10. [Pakistani protesters armed with sticks and stones clash with police in the centre of Islamabad after protests calling for the resignation of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif turn violent. All schools in the capital have been closed as a result of the clashes. ](/news/2014/09/1/pakistani-protesters-armed-with-sticks-and-stones-clash-with-police-in-the-centre-of-islamabad-after-protests-calling-for-the-resignation-of.md) _Context: Pakistan, Prime Minister_
