### [2012-11-6](/news/2012/11/6/index.md)

# AFP reports on Israel's plans to counter a Palestinian bid for enhanced United Nations status later this month. 

Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman warns that Israel will respond harshly if Palestine is given enhanced status at UN.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2012/11/2012116172352831476.html)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations_
2. [Israel, Palestine, and the United Nations: Israel announces it will withhold $6 million from its annual United Nations dues in protest of the December 23, 2016, Security Council settlement resolution. ](/news/2017/01/7/israel-palestine-and-the-united-nations-israel-announces-it-will-withhold-6-million-from-its-annual-united-nations-dues-in-protest-of-th.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations_
3. [U.S. president-elect Donald Trump calls President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi of Egypt, who then agrees to postpone a United Nations resolution regarding Israel. ](/news/2016/12/22/u-s-president-elect-donald-trump-calls-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-of-egypt-who-then-agrees-to-postpone-a-united-nations-resolution-reg.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations_
4. [Israel-Palestine relations: The report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council - the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union - calls on Israel to end settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, -The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/israel-palestine-relations-the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations_
5. [2014 Israel-Gaza conflict: A United Nations report finds evidence that both Hamas and Israel committed war crimes during the 2014 conflict. ](/news/2015/06/22/2014-israel-gaza-conflict-a-united-nations-report-finds-evidence-that-both-hamas-and-israel-committed-war-crimes-during-the-2014-conflict.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations_
6. [Gaza-Israel conflict: Canadian academic William Schabas resigns as the head of a United Nations committee investigating alleged Israeli war crimes in an offensive in the Gaza Strip during 2014 due to Israel alleging bias due to consultancy work he did for the Palestine Liberation Organisation. ](/news/2015/02/2/gaza-israel-conflict-canadian-academic-william-schabas-resigns-as-the-head-of-a-united-nations-committee-investigating-alleged-israeli-wa.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations_
7. [Operation Protective Edge:: United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights Navi Pillay condemns both Israel's military actions in the Gaza Strip and Hamas for "indiscriminate attacks" on Israel, and warns that war crimes may have been committed. ](/news/2014/07/23/operation-protective-edge-united-nations-high-commissioner-for-human-rights-navi-pillay-condemns-both-israel-s-military-actions-in-the-gaz.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations_
8. [Syrian civil war:: Four Filipino UN peacekeepers are kidnapped by armed men while patrolling the demilitarized area between Syria and the Israeli-annexed Golan Heights. ](/news/2013/05/7/syrian-civil-war-four-filipino-un-peacekeepers-are-kidnapped-by-armed-men-while-patrolling-the-demilitarized-area-between-syria-and-the-is.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations_
9. [Syrian civil war:: Three Syrian tanks have entered the demilitarized zone in the Golan Heights. Israel has launched a formal complaint to the United Nations. ](/news/2012/11/13/syrian-civil-war-three-syrian-tanks-have-entered-the-demilitarized-zone-in-the-golan-heights-israel-has-launched-a-formal-complaint-to-th.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations_
10. [Syrian civil war:: A car bomb attack by unknown people near a Palestinian refugee camp in the Damascene suburb of Sbeineh ("Sabina") kills at least 15 people. AFP says rebels claim the capture of the village of Harem near Idlib on the Turkish border, after a 3-day siege; the government still keeps air supremacy. U.N. envoy Lakhdar Brahimi says it is both conflict parties' duty to try to reach peace. ](/news/2012/09/2/syrian-civil-war-a-car-bomb-attack-by-unknown-people-near-a-palestinian-refugee-camp-in-the-damascene-suburb-of-sbeineh-sabina-kills-a.md) _Context: AFP, United Nations_
