### [2012-11-6](/news/2012/11/6/index.md)

# Prime Minister of Spain Mariano Rajoy criticises Catalonia's drive for independence on radio, claiming its such an attempt "goes against history, goes against the sign of the times, and goes against simple common sense". 

Mariano Rajoys says bid for independence defied common sense and says Spain is not in need of a bailout plan for 2012.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/europe/2012/11/2012116152139176961.html)

### Related:

1. [The Catalan Parliament passes a resolution calling for the Catalonian region to secede from Spain. Spanish prime minister Mariano Rajoy says his government will seek to invalidate the motion with an appeal to the Constitutional Court in the coming days. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-catalan-parliament-passes-a-resolution-calling-for-the-catalonian-region-to-secede-from-spain-spanish-prime-minister-mariano-rajoy-says.md) _Context: Catalonia, Mariano Rajoy, Prime Minister_
2. [Separatists won a clear majority of seats in Catalonia's parliament (72 out of 135) in this weekend's election that saw a record turnout of 78 percent. The winners will seek to unilaterally declare independence within 18 months. Spain's constitution does not allow any region to break away. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy vows to fight the separatist plan. ](/news/2015/09/28/separatists-won-a-clear-majority-of-seats-in-catalonia-s-parliament-72-out-of-135-in-this-weekend-s-election-that-saw-a-record-turnout-of.md) _Context: Catalonia, Mariano Rajoy, Prime Minister_
3. [The Spanish Parliament votes to allow Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy to lead a People's Party minority government after a ten month interregnum. ](/news/2016/10/29/the-spanish-parliament-votes-to-allow-prime-minister-mariano-rajoy-to-lead-a-people-s-party-minority-government-after-a-ten-month-interregnu.md) _Context: Mariano Rajoy, Prime Minister_
4. [The Socialist Workers' Party, following the party's 139-96 vote approving this action, say they will abstain from voting against acting Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy when he puts his People's Party coalition government to parliament this week, thereby ending the 10-month deadlock. ](/news/2016/10/23/the-socialist-workers-party-following-the-party-s-139a96-vote-approving-this-action-say-they-will-abstain-from-voting-against-acting-pr.md) _Context: Mariano Rajoy, Prime Minister_
5. [Pedro Sanchez, leader of Spain's Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) rejects a pact with the ruling People's Party (PP). "We say 'no' to Rajoy and his policies," Sanchez told a news conference after meeting with Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy. ](/news/2015/12/23/pedro-sa-nchez-leader-of-spain-s-spanish-socialist-workers-party-psoe-rejects-a-pact-with-the-ruling-people-s-party-pp-we-say-no-t.md) _Context: Mariano Rajoy, Prime Minister_
6. [Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy is punched in the face by a teenager during a People's Party campaign event in the city of Pontevedra. ](/news/2015/12/16/spanish-prime-minister-mariano-rajoy-is-punched-in-the-face-by-a-teenager-during-a-people-s-party-campaign-event-in-the-city-of-pontevedra.md) _Context: Mariano Rajoy, Prime Minister_
7. [Mariano Rajoy, the Prime Minister of Spain, declares three days of national mourning for the 78 people killed in the derailment, Spain's worst train accident since 1944. ](/news/2013/07/25/mariano-rajoy-the-prime-minister-of-spain-declares-three-days-of-national-mourning-for-the-78-people-killed-in-the-derailment-spain-s-wor.md) _Context: Mariano Rajoy, Prime Minister_
8. [The Prime Minister of Spain Mariano Rajoy is reelected as head of the Popular Party at its conference in Seville. ](/news/2012/02/18/the-prime-minister-of-spain-mariano-rajoy-is-reelected-as-head-of-the-popular-party-at-its-conference-in-seville.md) _Context: Mariano Rajoy, Prime Minister_
9. [Spain plans to sue leading members of the Catalan Parliament over the proposed independence referendum in Catalonia. ](/news/2017/09/7/spain-plans-to-sue-leading-members-of-the-catalan-parliament-over-the-proposed-independence-referendum-in-catalonia.md) _Context: Catalonia_
10. [A last minute presentation to the parliament of Catalonia results in the formal approval of a referendum concerning independence from Spain. Though the country's president urges the government to ignore the bill, parliament is expected to vote in favor of an independence vote. ](/news/2017/09/6/a-last-minute-presentation-to-the-parliament-of-catalonia-results-in-the-formal-approval-of-a-referendum-concerning-independence-from-spain.md) _Context: Catalonia_
