### [2011-02-9](/news/2011/02/9/index.md)

# Daniel Patrick Boyd pleads guilty to terrorism charges in a trial in the US state of North Carolina. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''Minneapolis Tribune](http://www.startribune.com/nation/115655454.html)

### Related:

1. [The death toll in the United States from Hurricane Matthew rises to 27 with at least five people still missing in North Carolina. Governor Pat McCrory warns that the state's swollen rivers are still rising with flooding continuing to pose threats to life and property this week. The storm, downgraded to a post-tropical cyclone yesterday, moves away from the U.S. coastline on an east-northeast track. ](/news/2016/10/10/the-death-toll-in-the-united-states-from-hurricane-matthew-rises-to-27-with-at-least-five-people-still-missing-in-north-carolina-governor-p.md) _Context: North Carolina, United States_
2. [The U.S. states of North Carolina and Virginia declare a state of emergency over gas shortages as a result of the Colonial pipeline leak in Shelby County, Alabama. ](/news/2016/09/19/the-u-s-states-of-north-carolina-and-virginia-declare-a-state-of-emergency-over-gas-shortages-as-a-result-of-the-colonial-pipeline-leak-in.md) _Context: North Carolina, United States_
3. [The United States Education and Justice Departments advise U.S. public school districts across the country to allow transgender students to use the bathrooms that match their gender identity, rather than their gender at birth. The new guidance comes as Justice and North Carolina battle in federal court over the state's new so-called bathroom bill. ](/news/2016/05/13/the-united-states-education-and-justice-departments-advise-u-s-public-school-districts-across-the-country-to-allow-transgender-students-to.md) _Context: North Carolina, United States_
4. [A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carolina.md) _Context: North Carolina, United States_
5. [The United Kingdom's Foreign Office issues a travel advisory for gay people concerning travel to parts of the United States due to new legislation in North Carolina and Mississippi. ](/news/2016/04/20/the-united-kingdom-s-foreign-office-issues-a-travel-advisory-for-gay-people-concerning-travel-to-parts-of-the-united-states-due-to-new-legis.md) _Context: North Carolina, United States_
6. [Voters in the U.S. states of Florida, Illinois, Ohio, Missouri, North Carolina and the commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries that the media has dubbed "Super Tuesday 2". ](/news/2016/03/15/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-florida-illinois-ohio-missouri-north-carolina-and-the-commonwealth-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-head-to.md) _Context: North Carolina, United States_
7. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan blasts the United States over its support for Syrian Kurdish groups which Turkey considers to be terrorists. ](/news/2016/02/10/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-blasts-the-united-states-over-its-support-for-syrian-kurdish-groups-which-turkey-considers-to-be-ter.md) _Context: United States, terrorism_
8. [In the United States, the hacking group Anonymous starts releasing names and information about alleged members of the Ku Klux Klan (KKK), a white-supremacist terrorist group originally founded after the Civil War by former Confederate soldiers. Prominent individuals listed deny the allegations. The group says they also infiltrated KKK-affiliated websites, and warned of more action culminating on November 24, the anniversary of the Ferguson, Missouri grand jury's decision not to indict. ](/news/2015/11/2/in-the-united-states-the-hacking-group-anonymous-starts-releasing-names-and-information-about-alleged-members-of-the-ku-klux-klan-kkk-a.md) _Context: United States, terrorism_
9. [The first group of what is an expected to be more than a trillion 17-year cicadas to emerge in the eastern United States is spotted in North Carolina. ](/news/2013/05/12/the-first-group-of-what-is-an-expected-to-be-more-than-a-trillion-17-year-cicadas-to-emerge-in-the-eastern-united-states-is-spotted-in-north.md) _Context: North Carolina, United States_
10. [Iran accuses the United States of "double standards" over the U.S.' delisting of the Mujahideen-e Khalq as a terrorist entity. ](/news/2012/09/29/iran-accuses-the-united-states-of-double-standards-over-the-u-s-delisting-of-the-mujahideen-e-khalq-as-a-terrorist-entity.md) _Context: United States, terrorism_
