### [2011-02-9](/news/2011/02/9/index.md)

# The United States Democratic Leadership Council consisting of centrist Democrats announces that it will wind up. 




### Source:

1. [The New Republic](http://www.tnr.com/article/politics/83086/democratic-leadership-council-requiem-dlc?page=0,0)

### Related:

1. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald J. Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-j-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pel.md) _Context: Democratic, United States_
2. [Voters in the U.S. state of Wisconsin go to the polls for a primary election with Ted Cruz winning the Republican Party contest and Bernie Sanders winning the Democratic Party primary. ](/news/2016/04/5/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-wisconsin-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-ted-cruz-winning-the-republican-party-contest-and-bernie-s.md) _Context: Democratic, United States_
3. [The Obama Administration, through its appointment of a majority of board members on the Democratic-controlled U.S. National Labor Relations Board's 3&ndash;2 ruling in the Browning-Ferris case uses an expanded definition of joint employer when determining if a parent company shares responsibility for workers hired by a subcontractor or franchisee. The Republican-controlled US Congress responded to arguments from businesses such as the International Franchise Association by adding another NLRB-related rider to the budget to block implementation of this latest ruling. Browning-Ferris can appeal the decision to a federal appeals court. The ruling could affect current unionization and pay efforts at McDonald's franchises. ](/news/2015/08/27/the-obama-administration-through-its-appointment-of-a-majority-of-board-members-on-the-democratic-controlled-u-s-national-labor-relations.md) _Context: Democratic, United States_
4. [United States Republican Party chairman Michael Steele is heavily criticised by members of his own party and by members of the Democratic Party for saying America's war in Afghanistan is "a war of Obama's choosing". ](/news/2010/07/3/united-states-republican-party-chairman-michael-steele-is-heavily-criticised-by-members-of-his-own-party-and-by-members-of-the-democratic-pa.md) _Context: Democratic, United States_
5. [The Congressional Black Caucus appeals to American President Barack Obama and Democratic congressional leaders for tougher efforts to reduce racial disparities in the U.S. health system, saying there are four critical areas not addressed by Obama's plan. ](/news/2010/02/25/the-congressional-black-caucus-appeals-to-american-president-barack-obama-and-democratic-congressional-leaders-for-tougher-efforts-to-reduce.md) _Context: Democratic, United States_
6. [ American politician William J. Jefferson, former Democratic Party Congressman from the U.S. state of Louisiana, is sentenced to 13 years in prison for corruption. ](/news/2009/11/13/american-politician-william-j-jefferson-former-democratic-party-congressman-from-the-u-s-state-of-louisiana-is-sentenced-to-13-years-in.md) _Context: Democratic, United States_
7. [ United States Senator Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania switches from the Republican to the Democratic Party. ](/news/2009/04/28/united-states-senator-arlen-specter-of-pennsylvania-switches-from-the-republican-to-the-democratic-party.md) _Context: Democratic, United States_
8. [ U.S. Democrat John Dingell of Michigan becomes the House of Representatives' longest-serving member. ](/news/2009/02/11/u-s-democrat-john-dingell-of-michigan-becomes-the-house-of-representatives-longest-serving-member.md) _Context: Democratic, United States_
9. [ Democratic Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich is arrested by Federal Bureau of Investigation agents at his Chicago home, amidst allegations of corruption and pay-to-play regarding the replacement for United States President-elect Barack Obama in the Senate. ](/news/2008/12/9/democratic-illinois-governor-rod-blagojevich-is-arrested-by-federal-bureau-of-investigation-agents-at-his-chicago-home-amidst-allegations.md) _Context: Democratic, United States_
10. [ Mary Jo Kilroy wins the final outstanding United States House of Representatives seat in the 2008 general elections by capturing the 15th congressional district of Ohio. This translates to an overall gain of 21 seats for the Democratic Party in the House. ](/news/2008/12/7/mary-jo-kilroy-wins-the-final-outstanding-united-states-house-of-representatives-seat-in-the-2008-general-elections-by-capturing-the-15th-c.md) _Context: Democratic, United States_
