### [2015-01-29](/news/2015/01/29/index.md)

# A Nieto Express propane gas tanker truck explodes near the loading dock of a maternity and children's hospital (Hospital Materno Infantil Cuajimalpa) in Mexico City, collapsing much of the hospital with at least three deaths and 70 people injured, 22 of whom are children. 

A gas tank truck explodes outside a maternity hospital in Mexico City, killing a nurse and two babies.


### Source:

1. [AFP/Reuters via ABC News Australia](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2015-01-30/gas-blast-at-mexico-children-hospital/6056392)
2. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/7b2ca0245e454b74a8a34910d86969cc/gas-blast-mexico-city-childrens-hospital-dozens-injured)
3. [New York Daily News](http://www.nydailynews.com/news/world/gas-tank-explodes-mexico-city-children-hospital-article-1.2096039)

### Related:

1. [Crisis in Venezuela: Socorro Flores Liera, Mexico's deputy foreign minister for Latin America and the Caribbean, speaks during an interview with Reuters in Mexico City, that during the first half of 2017, 1,420 Venezuelans have sought asylum in Mexico, a nearly four-fold jump compared to the 361 total Venezuelan asylum applicants for all of 2016, as the result of Venezuela's deepening political and economic crisis. ](/news/2017/08/4/crisis-in-venezuela-socorro-flores-liera-mexico-s-deputy-foreign-minister-for-latin-america-and-the-caribbean-speaks-during-an-interview.md) _Context: Mexico City_
2. [2016 San Pablito Market fireworks explosion: An explosion at a fireworks market in the city of Tultepec near Mexico City, kills at least 29 people and injures at least 70 others. Pyrotechnics is a major industry in Tultepec. ](/news/2016/12/20/2016-san-pablito-market-fireworks-explosion-an-explosion-at-a-fireworks-market-in-the-city-of-tultepec-near-mexico-city-kills-at-least-29.md) _Context: Mexico City_
3. [Hitrino train derailment: At least seven people have been killed and 25 others are injured after an explosion caused by the derailment of a train carrying propane and butane in the Bulgarian village of Hitrino, near Shumen. ](/news/2016/12/10/hitrino-train-derailment-at-least-seven-people-have-been-killed-and-25-others-are-injured-after-an-explosion-caused-by-the-derailment-of-a.md) _Context: propane_
4. [Luis Videgaray Caso resigns as Mexico's finance minister amid fallout over President Enrique Pena Nieto's controversial meeting with U.S. presidential candidate Donald Trump in Mexico City. Videgaray is revealed to have been the main advocate of arranging the meeting. ](/news/2016/09/7/luis-videgaray-caso-resigns-as-mexico-s-finance-minister-amid-fallout-over-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-s-controversial-meeting-with-u-s-p.md) _Context: Mexico City_
5. [Mexico-United States relations: U.S. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump meets with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto in Mexico City after accepting an invitation from him. ](/news/2016/08/31/mexico-united-states-relations-u-s-republican-presidential-nominee-donald-trump-meets-with-mexican-president-enrique-pea-a-nieto-in-mexi.md) _Context: Mexico City_
6. [Mexico City authorities declare a pollution alert after smog rose to 1.5 times acceptable limits the day before implementation of the City's new, temporary air quality program that will keep one-fifth of the city's cars at home every weekday. ](/news/2016/04/4/mexico-city-authorities-declare-a-pollution-alert-after-smog-rose-to-1-5-times-acceptable-limits-the-day-before-implementation-of-the-city-s.md) _Context: Mexico City_
7. [Air pollution in Mexico City: Mexico City, facing the capital's worst air-quality crisis in over a decade, issues a temporary order that all cars remain idle one day a week. Today, authorities report a pollution index of 108 (bad) after low readings during Holy Week. Vehicles will also be forced from the roads one Saturday a month. The measure will begin next Tuesday, April 5, and run until Thursday, June 30, 2016. Starting July 1, improved technology will be in place at smog-check centers where all vehicles must be tested every six months. ](/news/2016/03/30/air-pollution-in-mexico-city-mexico-city-facing-the-capital-s-worst-air-quality-crisis-in-over-a-decade-issues-a-temporary-order-that-all.md) _Context: Mexico City_
8. [Residents from more than 50 homes in Ripley, New York, are evacuated following the derailment of a 34-car Norfolk Southern train carrying hazardous materials in the southwestern part of the state. Ethanol leaked from the two of the 16 derailed cars. A third car carrying propane crashed but did not leak. ](/news/2016/03/1/residents-from-more-than-50-homes-in-ripley-new-york-are-evacuated-following-the-derailment-of-a-34-car-norfolk-southern-train-carrying-ha.md) _Context: propane_
9. [The Mexican Federal District is officially renamed to Mexico City (Ciudad de Mexico), and becomes one of the 32 first-level administrative entities of Mexico. [http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/jan/29/mexico-city-name-change-federal-district-df ("The Guardian)"]](/news/2016/01/29/the-mexican-federal-district-is-officially-renamed-to-mexico-city-ciudad-de-ma-c-xico-and-becomes-one-of-the-32-first-level-administrative.md) _Context: Mexico City_
10. [Petlawad explosion: A series of explosions involving propane triggering nearby illegally stored mining detonators in the Indian town of Petlawad in the state of Madhya Pradesh kills at least 104 people with over 150 missing. ](/news/2015/09/12/petlawad-explosion-a-series-of-explosions-involving-propane-triggering-nearby-illegally-stored-mining-detonators-in-the-indian-town-of-petl.md) _Context: propane_
