### [2015-01-29](/news/2015/01/29/index.md)

# Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. Without recovering any physical evidence, including the data recorders, Malaysia officially declares the loss of Flight 370 over the Indian Ocean an accident meaning that victims families can seek compensation. 




### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2015/01/29/malaysia-flight-mh370-declared-accoide/22513121/)

### Related:

1. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370:. Australia, Malaysia and the People's Republic of China reach an agreement about the costs and direction of the ongoing search for the wreckage of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 which is believed to have crashed in the Indian Ocean southwest of Western Australia. ](/news/2014/08/28/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-australia-malaysia-and-the-people-s-republic-of-china-reach-an-agreement-about-the-costs-and-direction-of-th.md) _Context: Indian Ocean, Malaysia, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
2. [Search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. New analysis by the Australian Transport Safety Bureau suggests that no-one was controlling Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 as it plunged into the southern Indian Ocean in 2014. ](/news/2016/11/2/search-for-malaysia-airlines-flight-370-new-analysis-by-the-australian-transport-safety-bureau-suggests-that-no-one-was-controlling-malaysi.md) _Context: Indian Ocean, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
3. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. Authorities confirm that a wing part found in Mauritius in May is part of the aircraft from Malaysian Airlines Flight 370. ](/news/2016/10/7/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-authorities-confirm-that-a-wing-part-found-in-mauritius-in-may-is-part-of-the-aircraft-from-malaysian-airlines.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
4. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. A Malaysian court dismisses Malaysia Airlines's bid to throw out a lawsuit filed by relatives of three people who went missing on Flight 370. The company argued that the disappearance of MH370 on March 8, 2014, occurred before the company came into existence as Malaysia Airlines Berhad (MAB) on September 1, 2015, and therefore has no liability to relatives. The court ruled MAB's liability would be determined in a trial. ](/news/2016/03/31/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-a-malaysian-court-dismisses-malaysia-airlines-s-bid-to-throw-out-a-lawsuit-filed-by-relatives-of-three-people.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
5. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. Debris found near the Indian Ocean island of Reunion is consistent with material from a Boeing 777 and is being examined to confirm whether it is from Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. ](/news/2015/07/29/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-debris-found-near-the-indian-ocean-island-of-ra-c-union-is-consistent-with-material-from-a-boeing-777-and-is-bei.md) _Context: Indian Ocean, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
6. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. Two brothers whose father was on Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 last year when it disappeared receive compensation from the government of Malaysia and Malaysian Airlines. ](/news/2015/06/2/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-two-brothers-whose-father-was-on-malaysia-airlines-flight-370-last-year-when-it-disappeared-receive-compensati.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
7. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370:. Malaysia's Department of Civil Aviation and British satellite firm Inmarsat release the raw data used to determine the estimated path of missing Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. ](/news/2014/05/27/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-malaysia-s-department-of-civil-aviation-and-british-satellite-firm-inmarsat-release-the-raw-data-used-to-dete.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
8. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370:. The search area for the missing aircraft in the southern Indian Ocean is expanded with any debris likely to be found on the ocean floor with the minimum time anticipated for the search eight months. ](/news/2014/04/28/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-the-search-area-for-the-missing-aircraft-in-the-southern-indian-ocean-is-expanded-with-any-debris-likely-to-b.md) _Context: Indian Ocean, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
9. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 370:. Chinese aircrew report seeing "suspicious objects" in the southern Indian Ocean while searching for the missing Malaysian Airlines plane. ](/news/2014/03/24/malaysia-airlines-flight-370-chinese-aircrew-report-seeing-suspicious-objects-in-the-southern-indian-ocean-while-searching-for-the-missi.md) _Context: Indian Ocean, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
10. [The Prime Minister of Australia, Tony Abbott, advises the Parliament that two objects possibly related to the search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 have been located in the southern Indian Ocean. ](/news/2014/03/20/the-prime-minister-of-australia-tony-abbott-advises-the-parliament-that-two-objects-possibly-related-to-the-search-for-malaysia-airlines-f.md) _Context: Indian Ocean, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
