### [2015-01-29](/news/2015/01/29/index.md)

# Philippines President Benigno Aquino III distances himself from a botched raid against a terrorist, Zulkifli Abdhir, that killed around 50 people, including police officers and Abdhir, while pledging support for a peace process with the Moro people. Supreme Court Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno urges the public to continue to support the peace treaty. 




### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://mobile.nytimes.com/2015/01/29/world/asia/philippine-police-raid.html?referrer=)

### Related:

1. [The Catholic Bishops Conference of the Philippines says that it will not join growing calls for the impeachment and resignation of Philippines President Benigno Aquino III following the January 25 botched police operation. ](/news/2015/02/4/the-catholic-bishops-conference-of-the-philippines-says-that-it-will-not-join-growing-calls-for-the-impeachment-and-resignation-of-philippin.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, January 25 botched police operation, Philippines, President of the Philippines_
2. [Foreign investors withdraw "billions of pesos" from the Philippines after a deadly battle threatened to derail the March 2014 peace deal. ](/news/2015/02/2/foreign-investors-withdraw-billions-of-pesos-from-the-philippines-after-a-deadly-battle-threatened-to-derail-the-march-2014-peace-deal.md) _Context: January 25 botched police operation, Moro insurgency in the Philippines, Philippines, peace deal_
3. [Around 30-50 people die in clashes between the Philippine National Police and the Moro Islamic Liberation Front threatening a peace agreement between the Philippines government and the rebels. ](/news/2015/01/25/around-30-50-people-die-in-clashes-between-the-philippine-national-police-and-the-moro-islamic-liberation-front-threatening-a-peace-agreemen.md) _Context: Moro insurgency in the Philippines, Philippine National Police, Philippines, peace deal_
4. [Moro insurgency in the Philippines:Philippines President Benigno Aquino III submits a bill to the Congress of the Philippines that will give autonomy to Filipino Muslims in Bangsamoro and bring peace to Mindanao.](/news/2014/09/10/moro-insurgency-in-the-philippines-pphilippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii-submits-a-bill-to-the-congress-of-the-philippines-that-will-giv.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, Filipino Muslims, Moro insurgency in the Philippines, Philippines_
5. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines abolishes the Priority Development Assistance Fund, otherwise known as the 'pork barrel', prompting Philippine President Benigno Aquino III to fly back to Manila. ](/news/2013/11/20/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-abolishes-the-priority-development-assistance-fund-otherwise-known-as-the-pork-barrel-prompting-phi.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, Philippines, President of the Philippines, Supreme Court of the Philippines_
6. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-law-in-the-whole-philippines-two.md) _Context: Philippines, President of the Philippines, Supreme Court of the Philippines_
7. [Former President of the Philippines Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III is indicted (among others) by the Office of the Ombudsman for his failure in handling the 2015 Mamasapano clash, which resulted in the deaths of 44 members of the Special Action Forces of the Philippine National Police. Aquino's camp has vowed to file a motion for reconsideration; as well as the group Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption (representing the victims' families), against what they call a "weak case" (citing Aquino's indictment for "graft", instead of "multiple homicide") ](/news/2017/07/14/former-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-noynoy-aquino-iii-is-indicted-among-others-by-the-office-of-the-ombudsman-for-his-failure-in.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, Philippine National Police, President of the Philippines_
8. [''Philippines v. China''On his final day as President of the Philippines, Benigno Aquino III says he was right when he sued China over the South China Sea. ](/news/2016/06/29/philippines-v-china-pon-his-final-day-as-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-aquino-iii-says-he-was-right-when-he-sued-china-over-the.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, Philippines, President of the Philippines_
9. [ President Benigno Aquino III says the Philippines doesn't have the capacity to permanently house Manus Island refugees from Australian-run detention camps. ](/news/2015/10/27/president-benigno-aquino-iii-says-the-philippines-doesn-t-have-the-capacity-to-permanently-house-manus-island-refugees-from-australian-run.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, Philippines, President of the Philippines_
10. [An unknown gunman shoots dead Nerlita Ledesma, a journalist from the Philippine tabloid ''Abante'' in the province of Bataan; her death is the 172nd murder of a journalist since the return of democracy in 1986 and the 31st during the presidency of Benigno Aquino III. ](/news/2015/01/8/an-unknown-gunman-shoots-dead-nerlita-ledesma-a-journalist-from-the-philippine-tabloid-abante-in-the-province-of-bataan-her-death-is-t.md) _Context: Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III, Philippines, President of the Philippines_
