### [2015-01-29](/news/2015/01/29/index.md)

# The Paraguayan People's Army kills a German couple who lived on a ranch near Yby Yau in northern Paraguay. 




### Source:

1. [Deutsche Welle](http://www.dw.de/german-couple-killed-in-paraguay-by-guerrilla-kidnappers/a-18225293?maca=en-TWITTER-EN-2004-xml-mrss)

### Related:

1. [Paraguayan People's Army insurgency. At least eight Paraguayan Army soldiers are killed in an ambush by suspected Paraguayan People's Army (EPP) insurgents, near the village of Arroyito, in northern Paraguay. ](/news/2016/08/27/paraguayan-people-s-army-insurgency-at-least-eight-paraguayan-army-soldiers-are-killed-in-an-ambush-by-suspected-paraguayan-people-s-army.md) _Context: Paraguay, Paraguayan People's Army_
2. [Paraguay passes a bill, requested by President, Fernando Lugo, that suspends constitutional rights for 30 days in parts of the country after the Paraguayan People's Army (PPA) kills four people. ](/news/2010/04/24/paraguay-passes-a-bill-requested-by-president-fernando-lugo-that-suspends-constitutional-rights-for-30-days-in-parts-of-the-country-after.md) _Context: Paraguay, Paraguayan People's Army_
3. [Religion in Pakistan. Pakistan holds a state funeral for German-born Catholic nun Ruth Pfau, known as "Pakistan's Mother Teresa," who devoted her life to eradicating leprosy in the South Asian country. ](/news/2017/08/19/religion-in-pakistan-pakistan-holds-a-state-funeral-for-german-born-catholic-nun-ruth-pfau-known-as-pakistan-s-mother-teresa-who-devote.md) _Context: German_
4. [Recognition of same-sex unions in Germany. German same-sex couples may be able to marry after Chancellor Angela Merkel drops her opposition for a parliamentary vote. ](/news/2017/06/29/recognition-of-same-sex-unions-in-germany-german-same-sex-couples-may-be-able-to-marry-after-chancellor-angela-merkel-drops-her-opposition.md) _Context: German_
5. [In Paraguay, around 50 armed men, allegedly belonging to the Brazil-based Primeiro Comando da Capital criminal gang, storm a security vault and police headquarters in Ciudad del Este, escaping with around $6 million in a daring cross-border raid. ](/news/2017/04/24/in-paraguay-around-50-armed-men-allegedly-belonging-to-the-brazil-based-primeiro-comando-da-capital-criminal-gang-storm-a-security-vault.md) _Context: Paraguay_
6. [Paraguayan President Horacio Cartes says he will not be a candidate in next year's presidential election regardless of Congress's action on a constitutional amendment that would allow second terms. Cartes adds his decision was informed by Pope Francis's call for peace and dialogue in Paraguay following protests against this change that turned violent two weeks ago. ](/news/2017/04/17/paraguayan-president-horacio-cartes-says-he-will-not-be-a-candidate-in-next-year-s-presidential-election-regardless-of-congress-s-action-on.md) _Context: Paraguay_
7. [Germany-Turkey relations. Eleven Turkish-German members of Germany's Parliament, the Bundestag, who voted in support of declaring the Ottoman Turks slaughter of Armenians in 1915 a genocide, are under police protection. The legislators have faced heavy criticism from Turkish officials, as well as from Turkish Germans. ](/news/2016/06/13/germany-turkey-relations-eleven-turkish-german-members-of-germany-s-parliament-the-bundestag-who-voted-in-support-of-declaring-the-otto.md) _Context: German_
8. [Erasmus bus crash. A Catalan official says the 13 exchange students killed in Sunday's accident were 19-to-25-year-old women, seven from Italy, two Germans, an Austrian, a woman from France, a Romanian and an Uzbek. Twenty-four people are being treated in hospital with one student in critical condition, and six people, including the driver, in serious condition. Reports from officials indicate the driver lost control of the coach and crashed to the other side before running into an oncoming car. The bus driver, who passed alcohol and drug tests, is being investigated for possible negligent homicide as police seek to determine the cause of the crash. ](/news/2016/03/21/erasmus-bus-crash-a-catalan-official-says-the-13-exchange-students-killed-in-sunday-s-accident-were-19-to-25-year-old-women-seven-from-ita.md) _Context: German_
9. [A man is arrested in Paraguay for allegedly raping and impregnating his ten-year-old stepdaughter. ](/news/2015/05/9/a-man-is-arrested-in-paraguay-for-allegedly-raping-and-impregnating-his-ten-year-old-stepdaughter.md) _Context: Paraguay_
10. [Lutz Bachmann resigns as a leader of PEGIDA, a German anti-Islamist organisation, after controversy was sparked by a headshot photo of himself posing as Adolf Hitler. ](/news/2015/01/21/lutz-bachmann-resigns-as-a-leader-of-pegida-a-german-anti-islamist-organisation-after-controversy-was-sparked-by-a-headshot-photo-of-himse.md) _Context: German_
