### [2015-01-29](/news/2015/01/29/index.md)

# Without recovering any physical evidence, including the data recorders, Malaysia officially declares the loss of Flight 370 over the Indian Ocean an accident meaning that victims families can seek compensation. 




### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/news/world/2015/01/29/malaysia-flight-mh370-declared-accoide/22513121/)

### Related:

1. [New analysis by the Australian Transport Safety Bureau suggests that no-one was controlling Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 as it plunged into the southern Indian Ocean in 2014. ](/news/2016/11/2/new-analysis-by-the-australian-transport-safety-bureau-suggests-that-no-one-was-controlling-malaysia-airlines-flight-370-as-it-plunged-into.md) _Context: Indian Ocean, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
2. [Authorities confirm that a wing part found in Mauritius in May is part of the aircraft from Malaysian Airlines Flight 370. ](/news/2016/10/7/authorities-confirm-that-a-wing-part-found-in-mauritius-in-may-is-part-of-the-aircraft-from-malaysian-airlines-flight-370.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
3. [A Malaysian court dismisses Malaysia Airlines's bid to throw out a lawsuit filed by relatives of three people who went missing on Flight 370. The company argued that the disappearance of MH370 on March 8, 2014, occurred before the company came into existence as Malaysia Airlines Berhad (MAB) on September 1, 2015, and therefore has no liability to relatives. The court ruled MAB's liability would be determined in a trial. ](/news/2016/03/31/a-malaysian-court-dismisses-malaysia-airlines-s-bid-to-throw-out-a-lawsuit-filed-by-relatives-of-three-people-who-went-missing-on-flight-370.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
4. [Debris found near the Indian Ocean island of Reunion is consistent with material from a Boeing 777 and is being examined to confirm whether it is from Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. ](/news/2015/07/29/debris-found-near-the-indian-ocean-island-of-ra-c-union-is-consistent-with-material-from-a-boeing-777-and-is-being-examined-to-confirm-whether.md) _Context: Indian Ocean, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
5. [Two brothers whose father was on Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 last year when it disappeared receive compensation from the government of Malaysia and Malaysian Airlines. ](/news/2015/06/2/two-brothers-whose-father-was-on-malaysia-airlines-flight-370-last-year-when-it-disappeared-receive-compensation-from-the-government-of-mala.md) _Context: Malaysia, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
6. [Australia, Malaysia and the People's Republic of China reach an agreement about the costs and direction of the ongoing search for the wreckage of Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 which is believed to have crashed in the Indian Ocean southwest of Western Australia. ](/news/2014/08/28/australia-malaysia-and-the-people-s-republic-of-china-reach-an-agreement-about-the-costs-and-direction-of-the-ongoing-search-for-the-wrecka.md) _Context: Indian Ocean, Malaysia_
7. [The Prime Minister of Australia, Tony Abbott, advises the Parliament that two objects possibly related to the search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 have been located in the southern Indian Ocean. ](/news/2014/03/20/the-prime-minister-of-australia-tony-abbott-advises-the-parliament-that-two-objects-possibly-related-to-the-search-for-malaysia-airlines-f.md) _Context: Indian Ocean, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
8. [Asylum seekers at the Christmas Island Immigration Reception and Processing Centre off the Indian Ocean coast of Western Australia start a hunger strike in protest at their deportation to Malaysia. ](/news/2011/08/6/asylum-seekers-at-the-christmas-island-immigration-reception-and-processing-centre-off-the-indian-ocean-coast-of-western-australia-start-a-h.md) _Context: Indian Ocean, Malaysia_
9. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Malaysia_
10. [Indonesia, Malaysia and the Philippines begin joint patrols in the pirate havens within the Celebes and Sulu Seas. ](/news/2017/06/19/indonesia-malaysia-and-the-philippines-begin-joint-patrols-in-the-pirate-havens-within-the-celebes-and-sulu-seas.md) _Context: Malaysia_
