### [2013-08-18](/news/2013/08/18/index.md)

# Bo Xilai, a former member of Politburo of the Communist Party of China, charged with bribery and corruption, will go on trial on August 22 in the city of Jinan. 

Disgraced Chinese politician Bo Xilai is to go on trial on Thursday, charged with bribery, corruption and abuse of power, state media say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-china-23745515)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/69345000/jpg/_69345659_69345274.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Gu Kailai, the wife of ousted Chongqing Politburo leader Bo Xilai, is given a suspended death sentence for the murder of Neil Heywood in China. ](/news/2012/08/20/gu-kailai-the-wife-of-ousted-chongqing-politburo-leader-bo-xilai-is-given-a-suspended-death-sentence-for-the-murder-of-neil-heywood-in-chi.md) _Context: Bo Xilai, Politburo_
2. [The Chinese Communist Party suspends the Politburo membership of former senior official Bo Xilai, while his wife Gu Kailai is named as a suspect in the murder of a British businessman. ](/news/2012/04/10/the-chinese-communist-party-suspends-the-politburo-membership-of-former-senior-official-bo-xilai-while-his-wife-gu-kailai-is-named-as-a-sus.md) _Context: Bo Xilai, Politburo_
3. [The Chinese Central Commission for Discipline Inspection announces that current Politburo member Sun Zhengcai is under investigation for violating party discipline. Sun is the fourth sitting Politburo member since 1990 to fall from power. ](/news/2017/07/24/the-chinese-central-commission-for-discipline-inspection-announces-that-current-politburo-member-sun-zhengcai-is-under-investigation-for-vio.md) _Context: Politburo_
4. [An Austrian court grants a United States request to extradite Ukrainian businessman Dmytro Firtash. U.S. officials accuse Firtash of being involved in a scandal where he allegedly paid US$18.5 million in bribes for a permit to mine titanium in India, something Firtash denies. ](/news/2017/02/21/an-austrian-court-grants-a-united-states-request-to-extradite-ukrainian-businessman-dmytro-firtash-u-s-officials-accuse-firtash-of-being-i.md) _Context: bribes_
5. [Former HBOS manager Lynden Scourfield and other bankers and consultants are found guilty of corruption and abuse of power in stealing GBP245 million from the bank and small businesses in a loans scam, which was spent on personal luxuries. Scourfield was sentenced to 11 years in prison. ](/news/2017/02/2/former-hbos-manager-lynden-scourfield-and-other-bankers-and-consultants-are-found-guilty-of-corruption-and-abuse-of-power-in-stealing-agbp24.md) _Context: corruption_
6. [A judge in Peru issues an arrest warrant for former President Alejandro Toledo for allegedly receiving US$20 million in bribes from Odebrecht, a Brazilian construction company, in exchange for a contract deal to build a transoceanic highway between Brazil and the Peruvian coast. Toledo denies any wrongdoing. ](/news/2017/02/10/a-judge-in-peru-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-president-alejandro-toledo-for-allegedly-receiving-us-20-million-in-bribes-from-odebrech.md) _Context: bribes_
7. [The Obama administration through federal prosecutors announces corruption charges against nine defendants, including a former close aide to New York Governor Andrew Cuomo, over their roles in alleged bribery and fraud schemes tied to the awarding of large state contracts and other activities. ](/news/2016/09/22/the-obama-administration-through-federal-prosecutors-announces-corruption-charges-against-nine-defendants-including-a-former-close-aide-to.md) _Context: bribes_
8. [Ling Jihua, former top aide to paramount leader Hu Jintao, is sentenced to life in prison for illegally obtaining state secrets and taking over $11 million in bribes. Ling's misfortunes started when he was accused of trying to cover up a scandal connected to his 23-year-old son's deadly crash in a Ferrari in 2012. ](/news/2016/07/4/ling-jihua-former-top-aide-to-paramount-leader-hu-jintao-is-sentenced-to-life-in-prison-for-illegally-obtaining-state-secrets-and-taking-o.md) _Context: bribes_
9. [Chinese state television reports Guo Youming, former deputy governor of Hubei province, is found guilty of taking bribes totaling more than 23.8 million yuan ($3.70 million). Guo is the latest to be convicted as a result of President Xi Jinping's anti-corruption campaign that started when Xi took office three years ago. ](/news/2015/12/9/chinese-state-television-reports-guo-youming-former-deputy-governor-of-hubei-province-is-found-guilty-of-taking-bribes-totaling-more-than.md) _Context: bribes_
10. [U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch announces criminal corruption charges against 16 FIFA officials in an indictment that expands Justice's May filing that indicted 14 officials associated with FIFA (Federation Internationale de Football Association) and related sports marketing companies. At U.S. authorities request, Swiss police arrest two South American FIFA (Federation Internationale de Football Association) officials at the five-star Baur au Lac hotel in Zurich, on suspicion of accepting "millions of dollars" in bribes. In addition, eight of the defendants indicted in May have pleaded guilty. ](/news/2015/12/3/u-s-attorney-general-loretta-lynch-announces-criminal-corruption-charges-against-16-fifa-officials-in-an-indictment-that-expands-justice-s.md) _Context: bribes_
