### [2008-03-12](/news/2008/03/12/index.md)

#  French Minister of Foreign Affairs Bernard Kouchner and his Swedish counterpart Carl Bildt pronounce their support for Serbian membership of the European Union. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/latestCrisis/idUSL12494473)
1. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [Bernard Kouchner, the French Minister of Foreign Affairs, and the Vatican offer to assist Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani sentenced to death by stoning for adultery in Iran. ](/news/2010/09/6/bernard-kouchner-the-french-minister-of-foreign-affairs-and-the-vatican-offer-to-assist-sakineh-mohammadi-ashtiani-sentenced-to-death-by-s.md) _Context: Bernard Kouchner, France, Minister of Foreign Affairs_
2. [ French foreign minister Bernard Kouchner warns Ireland, saying the Irish would be the "first victim" if they reject the EU Treaty of Lisbon. ](/news/2008/06/9/french-foreign-minister-bernard-kouchner-warns-ireland-saying-the-irish-would-be-the-first-victim-if-they-reject-the-eu-treaty-of-lisbon.md) _Context: Bernard Kouchner, EU, France_
3. [ Swedish Minister for Foreign Affairs Carl Bildt says that Kosovo may become a European Union member state even if it is not a member of the United Nations. ](/news/2008/03/9/swedish-minister-for-foreign-affairs-carl-bildt-says-that-kosovo-may-become-a-european-union-member-state-even-if-it-is-not-a-member-of-the.md) _Context: Carl Bildt, EU, Swedish_
4. [ French Foreign Minister Bernard Kouchner says the EU should consider punishing China's crackdown in Tibet with a boycott of the opening ceremony of the Olympic Games in Beijing. ](/news/2008/03/18/french-foreign-minister-bernard-kouchner-says-the-eu-should-consider-punishing-china-s-crackdown-in-tibet-with-a-boycott-of-the-opening-cer.md) _Context: Bernard Kouchner, EU, France_
5. [Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-berlin-to-discuss-the-consequences-of-the-united-kin.md) _Context: EU, France_
6. [France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-resolution-to-lift-european-union-sanctions-against-russia-applied-after-russia-s-a.md) _Context: EU, France_
7. [Serbians elect a new parliament under the backdrop of its accession to the European Union. Preliminary results indicate the incumbent, pro-EU populists sweeping the election. ](/news/2016/04/24/serbians-elect-a-new-parliament-under-the-backdrop-of-its-accession-to-the-european-union-preliminary-results-indicate-the-incumbent-pro-e.md) _Context: EU, Serbia_
8. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: France, Swedish_
9. [The European Parliament adopts a resolution calling for the introduction of an arms embargo against Saudi Arabia, saying the United Kingdom, France and other EU governments should no longer sell weapons to a country accused of targeting civilians in Yemen. ](/news/2016/02/25/the-european-parliament-adopts-a-resolution-calling-for-the-introduction-of-an-arms-embargo-against-saudi-arabia-saying-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: EU, France_
10. [Saudi Arabian blogger Raif Badawi, who has been sentenced to 1,000 lashes and 10 years in jail for insulting Islam and for cyber crime, wins the European Union's prestigious Sakharov Prize for Freedom of Thought. The Sakharov award ceremony will be held in Strasbourg, France on December 16, 2015 while the laureate remains imprisoned. ](/news/2015/10/29/saudi-arabian-blogger-raif-badawi-who-has-been-sentenced-to-1-000-lashes-and-10-years-in-jail-for-insulting-islam-and-for-cyber-crime-wins.md) _Context: EU, France_
