### [2011-04-15](/news/2011/04/15/index.md)

# The U.S. Attorney's office in Manhattan announces indictments of the owners of the three largest online poker sites accepting U.S. players--PokerStars, Full Tilt Poker, and Absolute Poker--on charges of bank fraud, gambling offenses, and money laundering. 

PokerStars, Full Tilt Poker and Absolute Poker have been charged by Manhattan U.S. Attorney with fraud, illegal gambling and money laundering.


### Source:

1. [ESPN](http://sports.espn.go.com/espn/poker/news/story?id=6362238)
1. [Cover Image](http://a1.espncdn.com/combiner/i?img=%2Fi%2Fespn%2Fespn_logos%2Fespn_red.png)

### Related:

1. [The office of the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York announces that 10 individuals, including assistant coaches at four NCAA Division I men's basketball programs--Arizona, Auburn, Oklahoma State, and USC--have been arrested on federal corruption charges. ](/news/2017/09/26/the-office-of-the-united-states-attorney-for-the-southern-district-of-new-york-announces-that-10-individuals-including-assistant-coaches-at.md) _Context: United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York_
2. [The 72nd session of the United Nations General Assembly commences its General Debate at the United Nations headquarters in Manhattan, New York. ](/news/2017/09/19/the-72nd-session-of-the-united-nations-general-assembly-commences-its-general-debate-at-the-united-nations-headquarters-in-manhattan-new-yo.md) _Context: Manhattan_
3. [Pedro Hernandez, convicted in February 2017 for the May 25, 1979 death of Etan Patz in the SoHo neighborhood of Manhattan, was sentenced yesterday to 25 years to life imprisonment.](/news/2017/04/19/pedro-hernandez-convicted-in-february-2017-for-the-may-25-1979-death-of-etan-patz-in-the-soho-neighborhood-of-manhattan-was-sentenced-yes.md) _Context: Manhattan_
4. [United States Attorney General Jeff Sessions requests the resignations of 46 Barack Obama-era chief federal prosecutors, including United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York Preet Bharara, who was previously told to stay on by then President-elect Donald Trump in November. ](/news/2017/03/10/united-states-attorney-general-jeff-sessions-requests-the-resignations-of-46-barack-obama-era-chief-federal-prosecutors-including-united-st.md) _Context: United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York_
5. [Manhattan District Attorney Cyrus R. Vance, Jr. announces over $800 million in grants available to various agencies across the U.S. for law enforcement-related initiatives such as testing of potentially expired rape kits, the funding of an international center devoted to monitoring cyber attacks, and a program at John Jay College of Criminal Justice dedicated to training prosecutors. The grants are funded from criminal penalties paid by several international banks accused of violating sanctions. ](/news/2015/11/8/manhattan-district-attorney-cyrus-r-vance-jr-announces-over-800-million-in-grants-available-to-various-agencies-across-the-u-s-for-law.md) _Context: Manhattan_
6. [Following 21 days of deliberation the deadlocked jury in Manhattan declared a mistrial in the case against three former senior attorneys from the "once large and prominent law firm" Dewey & LeBoeuf. The three had been charged with "plotting to manipulate financial records in an attempt to defraud bank lenders and insurance companies during the financial crisis." ](/news/2015/10/19/following-21-days-of-deliberation-the-deadlocked-jury-in-manhattan-declared-a-mistrial-in-the-case-against-three-former-senior-attorneys-fro.md) _Context: Manhattan_
7. [The District Attorney for Manhattan says he intends to retry a murder case in the disappearance of Etan Patz which ended in a mistrial. ](/news/2015/05/18/the-district-attorney-for-manhattan-says-he-intends-to-retry-a-murder-case-in-the-disappearance-of-etan-patz-which-ended-in-a-mistrial.md) _Context: Manhattan_
8. [A New York state appellate court in Manhattan rules to approve in its entirety the 2011 settlement by Bank of America with 22 institutional investors including BlackRock Inc, MetLife Inc, and Allianz SE's Pacific Investment Management Co to resolve claims over $174 billion of mortgage securities issued by the former Countrywide Financial Corp. in a $8.5 billion settlement. ](/news/2015/03/5/a-new-york-state-appellate-court-in-manhattan-rules-to-approve-in-its-entirety-the-2011-settlement-by-bank-of-america-with-22-institutional.md) _Context: Manhattan_
9. [A Manhattan federal court convicts Ross Ulbricht, aka "Dread Pirate Roberts", the owner of the Silk Road Deep Web illicit products website, on seven charges including trafficking and money laundering in the United States. ](/news/2015/02/4/a-manhattan-federal-court-convicts-ross-ulbricht-aka-dread-pirate-roberts-the-owner-of-the-silk-road-deep-web-illicit-products-website.md) _Context: Manhattan_
10. [A New York City physician tests positive for Ebola at the Bellevue Hospital Center in Manhattan after treating Ebola patients in Guinea. ](/news/2014/10/23/a-new-york-city-physician-tests-positive-for-ebola-at-the-bellevue-hospital-center-in-manhattan-after-treating-ebola-patients-in-guinea.md) _Context: Manhattan_
