### [2011-04-15](/news/2011/04/15/index.md)

# US actor Nicolas Cage is arrested in New Orleans for alleged domestic abuse battery, disturbing the peace and public drunkenness. 

Actor Nicolas Cage was freed from jail Saturday after an alleged drunken incident on a New Orleans street the night before got him arrested, city police said.


### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Entertainment_News/2011/04/17/Nicolas-Cage-arrested-in-New-Orleans/UPI-95581303021317/#ixzz1JlIDNDqe)

### Related:

1. [The New Orleans City Council removes the statue of Confederate President Jefferson Davis in New Orleans. This action is the second of four planned removals of Confederate monuments in the city. ](/news/2017/05/11/the-new-orleans-city-council-removes-the-statue-of-confederate-president-jefferson-davis-in-new-orleans-this-action-is-the-second-of-four-p.md) _Context: New Orleans_
2. [Multiple tornadoes tear through New Orleans, Baton Rouge, and other parts of southeastern Louisiana, injuring at least 20 people; no deaths have been reported. The severe weather also delivers heavy rain and hail in Mississippi and Alabama. ](/news/2017/02/7/multiple-tornadoes-tear-through-new-orleans-baton-rouge-and-other-parts-of-southeastern-louisiana-injuring-at-least-20-people-no-deaths.md) _Context: New Orleans_
3. [ A man is killed and two wounded in a triple shooting in Algiers neighborhood of New Orleans ](/news/2016/12/11/a-man-is-killed-and-two-wounded-in-a-triple-shooting-in-algiers-neighborhood-of-new-orleans.md) _Context: New Orleans_
4. [One person is killed, and nine others wounded in a mass shooting in the French Quarter section of New Orleans, following the Bayou Classic football game. Police arrest two men, one of whom was injured during the shooting. ](/news/2016/11/27/one-person-is-killed-and-nine-others-wounded-in-a-mass-shooting-in-the-french-quarter-section-of-new-orleans-following-the-bayou-classic-f.md) _Context: New Orleans_
5. [A bus carrying volunteers crashes into emergency vehicles responding to an earlier accident near New Orleans killing two, including the St. John the Baptist Fire District Chief, and injuring 43 more. ](/news/2016/08/28/a-bus-carrying-volunteers-crashes-into-emergency-vehicles-responding-to-an-earlier-accident-near-new-orleans-killing-two-including-the-st.md) _Context: New Orleans_
6. [American actor Nicolas Cage agrees to return to Mongolia a stolen dinosaur skull he bought in 2007 for $276,000. Cage says he was unaware the skull had entered the country illegally. ](/news/2015/12/22/american-actor-nicolas-cage-agrees-to-return-to-mongolia-a-stolen-dinosaur-skull-he-bought-in-2007-for-276-000-cage-says-he-was-unaware-th.md) _Context: Nicolas Cage_
7. [The U.S. Court of Appeals in New Orleans, Louisiana, in a 2-1 decision, upholds a lower court's injunction that blocks implementation of an Executive order to shield from deportation millions of undocumented immigrants who entered the United States as children. The White House is considering an appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-u-s-court-of-appeals-in-new-orleans-louisiana-in-a-2-1-decision-upholds-a-lower-courtas-injunction-that-blocks-implementation-of-a.md) _Context: New Orleans_
8. [Sixteen (16) people are wounded in a gunfight between two groups that erupted in a New Orleans park's Bunny Friend playground where hundreds of people gathered for a block party and filming of a music video. No fatalities were reported. The fighters ran from the park immediately after the shooting. ](/news/2015/11/22/sixteen-16-people-are-wounded-in-a-gunfight-between-two-groups-that-erupted-in-a-new-orleans-park-s-bunny-friend-playground-where-hundreds.md) _Context: New Orleans_
9. [Although he is currently still being held in New Orleans, Louisiana, Los Angeles prosecutors formally charge Robert Durst with the murder of his former friend Susan Berman covered in the HBO documentary miniseries "The Jinx". ](/news/2015/03/16/although-he-is-currently-still-being-held-in-new-orleans-louisiana-los-angeles-prosecutors-formally-charge-robert-durst-with-the-murder-of.md) _Context: New Orleans_
10. [The Los Angeles Police Department issues a warrant for the arrest of American Robert Durst regarding the murder of writer and confidant Susan Berman following the airing of a six-part documentary by HBO called "The Jinx". He is later taken into custody in the city of New Orleans. ](/news/2015/03/14/the-los-angeles-police-department-issues-a-warrant-for-the-arrest-of-american-robert-durst-regarding-the-murder-of-writer-and-confidant-susa.md) _Context: New Orleans_
