### [2004-06-6](/news/2004/06/6/index.md)

#  Palestinian Fatah leader Marwan Barghouti is sentenced to five life terms plus forty years by an Israeli court for his role in Palestinian terrorism. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/meast/06/06/barghouti/)

### Related:

1. [ Palestinian militants explode a truck laden with explosives in the Karni crossing in the eastern Gaza Strip. At least 6 Israelis were killed, as well as three of the attackers, and about 10-20 were wounded in the attack. The al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades, the Popular Resistance Committees and Hamas claimed joint responsibility. ](/news/2005/01/13/palestinian-militants-explode-a-truck-laden-with-explosives-in-the-karni-crossing-in-the-eastern-gaza-strip-at-least-6-israelis-were-kille.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, militants_
2. [ Three Egyptian paramilitary security officers stationed at the Sinai-Gaza border are killed by Israeli tank fire, after IDF troops allegedly mistook them for Palestinian terrorists or militants. The Egyptian government accepts an apology from Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and demands an investigation on the incident. ](/news/2004/11/18/three-egyptian-paramilitary-security-officers-stationed-at-the-sinaiagaza-border-are-killed-by-israeli-tank-fire-after-idf-troops-allege.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, militants_
3. [ The leader of Hamas states that the group has no plans to attack U.S. targets, retreating from earlier threats by its armed wing. However, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is announced as a new target, instead. [http://www.news.com.au/common/story_page/0,4057,9069472%255E2,00.html (News Limited)] Sharon states that Israel has a "natural right" to pursue those who would destroy it. [http://www.thejewishpress.com/news_article.asp?article=3547 (Jewish Press)] Hussam Abdo, a 14-year-old Palestinian suicide bomber fails to detonate his bomb-vest at an Israeli checkpoint outside Nablus. The child was paid $23 and promised sex in heaven as his reward. An armed wing of Fatah takes responsibility for sending the boy.](/news/2004/03/24/the-leader-of-hamas-states-that-the-group-has-no-plans-to-attack-u-s-targets-retreating-from-earlier-threats-by-its-armed-wing-however.md) _Context: Fatah, Israel, Palestinian_
4. [An Israeli soldier is killed during a car ramming attack near Ofra, in the West Bank. Another Israeli soldier was injured. A Palestinian suspected of committing the attack is taken into custody. ](/news/2017/04/6/an-israeli-soldier-is-killed-during-a-car-ramming-attack-near-ofra-in-the-west-bank-another-israeli-soldier-was-injured-a-palestinian-sus.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
5. [ A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-pa.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
6. [Israel suspends 83,000 entry permits for Palestinians for Ramadan following a mass shooting in downtown Tel Aviv that killed four and injured 17 people. ](/news/2016/06/9/israel-suspends-83-000-entry-permits-for-palestinians-for-ramadan-following-a-mass-shooting-in-downtown-tel-aviv-that-killed-four-and-injure.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
7. [Two Palestinian gunmen open fire in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv killing at least four people and injuring at least 18 others. The two gunmen are arrested. ](/news/2016/06/8/two-palestinian-gunmen-open-fire-in-the-israeli-city-of-tel-aviv-killing-at-least-four-people-and-injuring-at-least-18-others-the-two-gunme.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
8. [Israel temporarily bans all Palestinians from entering its territory until Sunday following the June 2016 Tel Aviv shooting. ](/news/2016/06/10/israel-temporarily-bans-all-palestinians-from-entering-its-territory-until-sunday-following-the-june-2016-tel-aviv-shooting.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
9. [Israeli security forces arrest 16 Palestinian suspects on the West Bank. ](/news/2016/03/31/israeli-security-forces-arrest-16-palestinian-suspects-on-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
10. [Israeli agent Jonathan Pollard, a former U.S. intelligence analyst convicted and sentenced to a life imprisonment for providing top secret classified information to Israel, will be released by the Obama Administration on parole tomorrow after serving 30 years in a U.S. federal prison. He will be given an ankle monitor while he completes five years of parole in America. ](/news/2015/11/19/israeli-agent-jonathan-pollard-a-former-u-s-intelligence-analyst-convicted-and-sentenced-to-a-life-imprisonment-for-providing-top-secret-c.md) _Context: Israel, life imprisonment_
