### [2004-06-6](/news/2004/06/6/index.md)

#  U.S.-led occupation of Iraq: Brigadier General Mark Hertling, a top US commander in charge of Najaf, Iraq, states "The Moqtada militia is militarily defeated. We have killed scores of them over the last few weeks, and that is in Najaf alone.&nbsp;... The militia have been defeated, or have left." US Coalition patrols and checkpoints are still active around Najaf and its twin city of Kufa, Iraq. 




### Source:

1. [News.com.au](http://www.news.com.au/common/story_page/0,4057,9763089%255E1702,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ Conflict in Iraq: Near the Sunni city of Fallujah, seven U.S. Marines and three Iraqi soldiers are killed in an ambush. Elsewhere, U.S. troops, backed by U.S. planes and Iraqi forces, raid the city of Najaf. The U.S. military tells residents to flee, mounts a pincer movement to trap the Mahdi army in the city center, and raids Moqtada al-Sadr's house again. ](/news/2004/09/6/conflict-in-iraq-near-the-sunni-city-of-fallujah-seven-u-s-marines-and-three-iraqi-soldiers-are-killed-in-an-ambush-elsewhere-u-s-tro.md) _Context: Iraq, Mahdi Army, Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
2. [ In the standoff between the Jaish-i-Mahdi militia and Iraqi and US forces, fears of a major assault on Najaf mount. The city is closed to journalists and some Iraqi government soldiers are reported to desert. Some delegates at the national conference call on Iraqi interim Prime Minister Allawi to end military operations against Muqtada al-Sadr. ](/news/2004/08/16/in-the-standoff-between-the-jaish-i-mahdi-militia-and-iraqi-and-us-forces-fears-of-a-major-assault-on-najaf-mount-the-city-is-closed-to-j.md) _Context: Iraq, Mahdi Army, Najaf, U.S. presence in Iraq_
3. [ Iraq War: Shia cleric Moqtada al-Sadr calls for an anti-American protest on the fourth anniversary of the overthrow of Saddam Hussein. Hundreds of thousands of Shias gather in Najaf for a demonstration calling for U.S.-led troops to leave Iraq. ](/news/2007/04/9/iraq-war-shia-cleric-moqtada-al-sadr-calls-for-an-anti-american-protest-on-the-fourth-anniversary-of-the-overthrow-of-saddam-hussein-hund.md) _Context: Iraq, Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
4. [ An ongoing battle, apparently between a combination of U.S. and Iraqi forces, and the al-Mahdi Army of Muqtada al-Sadr, damages two of minarets of the Imam Ali Mosque in Najaf, Iraq, which al-Sadr's forces occupied. ](/news/2004/08/19/an-ongoing-battle-apparently-between-a-combination-of-u-s-and-iraqi-forces-and-the-al-mahdi-army-of-muqtada-al-sadr-damages-two-of-mina.md) _Context: Iraq, Mahdi Army, Najaf_
5. [ In a statement issued from his Baghdad office, Shiite Muslim cleric Muqtada al-Sadr agrees to order his militia to leave the Imam Ali Mosque in Najaf, Iraq, after threats by Prime Minister Iyad Allawi's government to "liberate" it. Al-Sadr further agrees to disband his Jaish-i-Mahdi militia, and enter the "mainstream political process". It remains unclear when the withdrawal will actually take place. ](/news/2004/08/18/in-a-statement-issued-from-his-baghdad-office-shiite-muslim-cleric-muqtada-al-sadr-agrees-to-order-his-militia-to-leave-the-imam-ali-mosqu.md) _Context: Iraq, Mahdi Army, Najaf_
6. [ Aides to rebel Iraqi Shia cleric Moqtada al Sadr report that he has been wounded in fighting in the holy city of Najaf; the government denies the reports. The Najaf offensive triggers pro-Sadr protests in cities all over Iraq. ](/news/2004/08/13/aides-to-rebel-iraqi-shia-cleric-moqtada-al-sadr-report-that-he-has-been-wounded-in-fighting-in-the-holy-city-of-najaf-the-government-deni.md) _Context: Iraq, Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
7. [ Iraqi Shia cleric Moqtada al-Sadr calls upon members of his Mahdi Army to return to their homes and end their attacks. ](/news/2004/06/16/iraqi-shia-cleric-moqtada-al-sadr-calls-upon-members-of-his-mahdi-army-to-return-to-their-homes-and-end-their-attacks.md) _Context: Iraq, Mahdi Army, Muqtada al-Sadr_
8. [ Twenty insurgents loyal to Moqtada al-Sadr are killed by Coalition forces during a raid on the Selah mosque compound in Kufa, Iraq. Twelve insurgents are killed in other fighting in Kufa. ](/news/2004/05/23/twenty-insurgents-loyal-to-moqtada-al-sadr-are-killed-by-coalition-forces-during-a-raid-on-the-selah-mosque-compound-in-kufa-iraq-twelve.md) _Context: Iraq, Kufa, Muqtada al-Sadr_
9. [ Hundreds of civilians march to the Muslim shrines in Najaf, calling upon Moqtada al-Sadr to remove his Mahdi Army from the city. ](/news/2004/05/11/hundreds-of-civilians-march-to-the-muslim-shrines-in-najaf-calling-upon-moqtada-al-sadr-to-remove-his-mahdi-army-from-the-city.md) _Context: Mahdi Army, Muqtada al-Sadr, Najaf_
10. [ Khalil Naimi, a senior Iranian diplomat in Iraq, is killed while driving to the Iranian diplomatic mission in Baghdad by three unknown assailants, who drove up and shot him. He died shortly afterwards and the motives for the killing are unknown. The killing could complicate the mission of an Iranian government delegation which is in Iraq trying to mediate in the standoff between Iraq Alliance troops and Muqtada al-Sadr's militia, led by the radical Shiite cleric who is fortified in the town of Najaf. ](/news/2004/04/15/khalil-naimi-a-senior-iranian-diplomat-in-iraq-is-killed-while-driving-to-the-iranian-diplomatic-mission-in-baghdad-by-three-unknown-assa.md) _Context: Iraq, Mahdi Army, Najaf_
