### [2008-05-16](/news/2008/05/16/index.md)

#  The President of the United States George W. Bush arrives in Saudi Arabia to discuss rising fuel prices with King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia. Saudi Arabia later announces plans to raise its output by 300,000 barrels a day. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5hkf--m78S6F3LZAcz4sVHGGCQSTgD90MKBIO0)
2. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601103&sid=afAsd.eNt1DQ&refer=us)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Donald Trump arrives in Saudi Arabia, his first of three scheduled foreign trips. Trump signs an arms deal with King Salman worth more than US$100 billion. ](/news/2017/05/20/u-s-president-donald-trump-arrives-in-saudi-arabia-his-first-of-three-scheduled-foreign-trips-trump-signs-an-arms-deal-with-king-salman-w.md) _Context: King, Saudi Arabia, United States President_
2. [A Saudi Arabian student is arrested in Texas for allegedly planning a terrorist attack against the Dallas home of former President of the United States George W. Bush as a target as well as New York City and dams in California and Colorado. ](/news/2011/02/24/a-saudi-arabian-student-is-arrested-in-texas-for-allegedly-planning-a-terrorist-attack-against-the-dallas-home-of-former-president-of-the-un.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Saudi Arabia, United States President_
3. [ King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia visits the Vatican in what is the first audience by the head of the Roman Catholic Church with a Saudi monarch. ](/news/2007/11/6/king-abdullah-of-saudi-arabia-visits-the-vatican-in-what-is-the-first-audience-by-the-head-of-the-roman-catholic-church-with-a-saudi-monarc.md) _Context: Abdullah, King, Saudi Arabia_
4. [ In Saudi Arabia the new King Abdullah has been invested. Tony Blair and Jacques Chirac, along with many European Monarchs are present for the "bayaa" ceremony while George H. W. Bush and Dick Cheney will meet with the new King the following day. ](/news/2005/08/3/in-saudi-arabia-the-new-king-abdullah-has-been-invested-tony-blair-and-jacques-chirac-along-with-many-european-monarchs-are-present-for-t.md) _Context: Abdullah, King, Saudi Arabia_
5. [The United States Senate and House of Representatives override the veto of President Barack Obama in regards to the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. The act narrows the scope of the legal doctrine of foreign sovereign immunity, specifically, in this instance against the sovereign nation of Saudi Arabia. The action is the first such congressional veto override to Obama. ](/news/2016/09/28/the-united-states-senate-and-house-of-representatives-override-the-veto-of-president-barack-obama-in-regards-to-the-justice-against-sponsors.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, United States President_
6. [King of Saudi Arabia Salman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud announces, during his trip to Cairo, that a bridge crossing the Red Sea will be built, linking Egypt and Saudi Arabia. Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi says the bridge will be named after the Saudi monarch. A Saudi-Egypt Causeway project has been in the works for years. ](/news/2016/04/8/king-of-saudi-arabia-salman-bin-abdulaziz-al-saud-announces-during-his-trip-to-cairo-that-a-bridge-crossing-the-red-sea-will-be-built-lin.md) _Context: King, Saudi Arabia_
7. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, United States President_
8. [King Salman of Saudi Arabia will not meet with President of the United States Barack Obama at Camp David or at a summit meeting sending senior Ministers instead reportedly due to disagreement over a nuclear deal with Iran. ](/news/2015/05/10/king-salman-of-saudi-arabia-will-not-meet-with-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-at-camp-david-or-at-a-summit-meeting-sending-seni.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, United States President_
9. [King Salman of Saudi Arabia names a new cabinet and replaces officials in several key government positions, removing two sons of the late monarch Abdullah from their regional governorships in the process. ](/news/2015/01/30/king-salman-of-saudi-arabia-names-a-new-cabinet-and-replaces-officials-in-several-key-government-positions-removing-two-sons-of-the-late-mo.md) _Context: Abdullah, King_
10. [Custodian of the Two Holy Mosques King Abdullah of Saudi Arabia dies at the age of 90. His half brother Salman of Saudi Arabia succeeds him. His half brother Muqrin bin Abdulaziz Al Saud becomes the Crown Prince. ](/news/2015/01/23/custodian-of-the-two-holy-mosques-king-abdullah-of-saudi-arabia-dies-at-the-age-of-90-his-half-brother-salman-of-saudi-arabia-succeeds-him.md) _Context: Abdullah, King_
