### [2016-01-25](/news/2016/01/25/index.md)

# A MiG-31 fighter jet crashes in the Krasnoyarsk Krai region in Siberia, Russia. The pilots were able to eject safely, according to the Russian Defence Ministry. 

A Russian MiG-31 fighter jet has crashed in the Krasnoyarsk region in Siberia, according to the Russian Defense Ministry. The pilots were able to eject safely and no casualties have been reported.


### Source:

1. [RT](https://www.rt.com/news/330065-mig31-crash-siberia-pilots/)

### Related:

1. [At least 12 people, including 10 children, are killed in a bus crash in Siberia, Russia. ](/news/2016/12/4/at-least-12-people-including-10-children-are-killed-in-a-bus-crash-in-siberia-russia.md) _Context: Russia, Siberia_
2. [Russian warships in the Mediterranean Sea fire cruise missiles at sites near Aleppo. The Russian Defense Ministry claims the strikes targeted the Islamist militant group Jabhat Fateh al-Sham.  ](/news/2016/08/19/russian-warships-in-the-mediterranean-sea-fire-cruise-missiles-at-sites-near-aleppo-the-russian-defense-ministry-claims-the-strikes-targete.md) _Context: Russia, Russian Defence Ministry_
3. [A Russian Air Force Mi-24 helicopter crashes near Palmyra, Syria, while assisting Syrian Army forces in the area. Russia's Ministry of Defence confirms two Russian pilots, Riafa'at Habibulin and Yevgeny Dolgin, are killed. ](/news/2016/07/9/a-russian-air-force-mi-24-helicopter-crashes-near-palmyra-syria-while-assisting-syrian-army-forces-in-the-area-russia-s-ministry-of-defen.md) _Context: Russia, Russian Defence Ministry_
4. [Russian Defense Minister Sergei Shoigu says Russia and Syria will open humanitarian corridors to Aleppo, and will provide a way for rebel fighters to lay down their arms. ](/news/2016/07/28/russian-defense-minister-sergei-shoigu-says-russia-and-syria-will-open-humanitarian-corridors-to-aleppo-and-will-provide-a-way-for-rebel-fi.md) _Context: Russia, Russian Defence Ministry_
5. [Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shoygu dismisses  50 high-ranking Navy officers, including Baltic Fleet Commander Viktor Kravchuk and Chief of Staff Sergei Popov, following a month-long inspection that found incompetence, deficiencies in training, and misinformation regarding the state of the fleet. ](/news/2016/06/30/russian-defense-minister-sergey-shoygu-dismisses-50-high-ranking-navy-officers-including-baltic-fleet-commander-viktor-kravchuk-and-chief.md) _Context: Russia, Russian Defence Ministry_
6. [Russia announces it will deploy state-of-the art missile defense systems to the far eastern Kuril Islands where they and Japan have rival territorial claims dating to the end of the Second World War. Russian Defence Minister Sergey Shoygu also says that Russia will form new defence units in the country's Western Military District in response to NATO's recent deployment of forces to member states near its border. ](/news/2016/03/25/russia-announces-it-will-deploy-state-of-the-art-missile-defense-systems-to-the-far-eastern-kuril-islands-where-they-and-japan-have-rival-te.md) _Context: Russia, Russian Defence Ministry_
7. [For the first time, Russia strikes Islamic State targets in northern Syria with 3M-54 Klub (Kalibr) cruise missiles launched from a Kilo-class submarine in the Mediterranean, according to the Russian Minister of Defence, Sergey Shoygu. ](/news/2015/12/8/for-the-first-time-russia-strikes-islamic-state-targets-in-northern-syria-with-3m-54-klub-kalibr-cruise-missiles-launched-from-a-kilo-cla.md) _Context: Russia, Russian Defence Ministry_
8. [Russia reinforces the joint Armenian-Russian run Erebuni Airport, home to the Russian 3624th Air Base, with six attack and transport helicopters. The Russian Defence Ministry said the Mi-24 and Mi-8 helicopters had been transferred from a military base in the southern Russian region of Krasnodar Krai to the air base in Erebuni, Armenia. ](/news/2015/12/21/russia-reinforces-the-joint-armenian-russian-run-erebuni-airport-home-to-the-russian-3624th-air-base-with-six-attack-and-transport-helicop.md) _Context: Russia, Russian Defence Ministry_
9. [Russia is reportedly constructing hundreds of buildings for military use on the disputed Kunashir and Iturup islands, also claimed by Japan, in the Sea of Okhotsk. The Russian Defence Ministry  said the new military buildings would help "raise the combat readiness of troops on the eastern frontiers of Russia". ](/news/2015/12/2/russia-is-reportedly-constructing-hundreds-of-buildings-for-military-use-on-the-disputed-kunashir-and-iturup-islands-also-claimed-by-japan.md) _Context: Russia, Russian Defence Ministry_
10. [A Russian warship fires warning shots at a Turkish vessel in the Aegean Sea to "avoid a collision", according to the Russian Defence Ministry. ](/news/2015/12/13/a-russian-warship-fires-warning-shots-at-a-turkish-vessel-in-the-aegean-sea-to-avoid-a-collision-according-to-the-russian-defence-ministr.md) _Context: Russia, Russian Defence Ministry_
