### [2016-01-25](/news/2016/01/25/index.md)

# Greece faces suspension or expulsion from the European Union's Schengen Area if it can not prevent waves of migrants from crossing over the country into Macedonia. 

Plan emerges to seal Greek border with Macedonia as EU leaders meet in Amsterdam for crisis talks to &#039;save&#039; Schengen area


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/eu/12119799/Greece-threatened-with-expulsion-from-Schengen-free-movement-zone.html)

### Related:

1. [Police in northern Greece move  more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-border-to-a-shelter-near-t.md) _Context: EU, European migrant crisis, Greece, Macedonian_
2. [Germany announces plans to start deporting newly-arrived migrants to Greece starting in March. According to EU's Dublin Regulation, asylum seekers must file for asylum in the member state they arrived in. ](/news/2017/01/12/germany-announces-plans-to-start-deporting-newly-arrived-migrants-to-greece-starting-in-march-according-to-eu-s-dublin-regulation-asylum-s.md) _Context: EU, European migrant crisis, Greece_
3. [The European Union proposes visa-free travel for Turkish citizens within Europe's Schengen Area and invites member states and EU lawmakers to endorse the move by June 30.  The EU says Turkey has met all but five of the 72 criteria included in the agreement in exchange for its efforts to stop asylum seekers from reaching Europe. This visa deal also needs approval from the European Parliament. ](/news/2016/05/4/the-european-union-proposes-visa-free-travel-for-turkish-citizens-within-europe-s-schengen-area-and-invites-member-states-and-eu-lawmakers-t.md) _Context: EU, European migrant crisis, free travel_
4. [Macedonian police fire tear gas at refugees as they attempted to break through a fence at the Greece-Macedonia border near Idomeni, sparking clashes that injured 200 people. ](/news/2016/04/10/macedonian-police-fire-tear-gas-at-refugees-as-they-attempted-to-break-through-a-fence-at-the-greece-macedonia-border-near-idomeni-sparking.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greece, Macedonian_
5. [Macedonia says it will no longer let any migrants through its southern border with Greece, effectively blocking the Balkan route for migrants. The decision came after Slovenia barred access to migrants transiting the country. There are around 13,000 migrants now stranded at the Macedonia-Greece border. ](/news/2016/03/9/macedonia-says-it-will-no-longer-let-any-migrants-through-its-southern-border-with-greece-effectively-blocking-the-balkan-route-for-migrant.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greece, Macedonian_
6. [The European Union launches a new aid program  worth an initial 700 million euros (US$760 million) to address the growing refugee crisis in Greece. EU Humanitarian Aid Commissioner Christos Stylianides says the so-called Emergency Assistance Instrument will be used  to help migrants trapped in Greece and, if needed, in  other countries on the migration route front lines. Approval by a  majority of EU members is required. The next EU meeting is scheduled for Monday. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-european-union-launches-a-new-aid-program-worth-an-initial-700-million-euros-us-760-million-to-address-the-growing-refugee-crisis-in.md) _Context: EU, European migrant crisis, Greece_
7. [Greece recalls its ambassador to Austria in response to Austria's hosting of a meeting with Balkan states, to which Greece was not invited, about European migrant crisis policies that would make it harder for migrants to head north across Europe. Greece's foreign ministry called the move an "unfriendly act." More than 100,000 migrants have entered the EU illegally so far in 2016, nearly all of them arriving in Greece. ](/news/2016/02/25/greece-recalls-its-ambassador-to-austria-in-response-to-austria-s-hosting-of-a-meeting-with-balkan-states-to-which-greece-was-not-invited.md) _Context: EU, European migrant crisis, Greece_
8. [Greece claims that Macedonia has closed its borders to migrants from Afghanistan. ](/news/2016/02/21/greece-claims-that-macedonia-has-closed-its-borders-to-migrants-from-afghanistan.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greece, Macedonian_
9. [EU ministers discuss suspending the Schengen passport-free travel zone for two years, on the basis that the migrant crisis has exposed "serious deficiencies" at the Greek border that endanger the overall area. ](/news/2015/12/3/eu-ministers-discuss-suspending-the-schengen-passport-free-travel-zone-for-two-years-on-the-basis-that-the-migrant-crisis-has-exposed-ase.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greece, free travel_
10. [Macedonia's Army begins erecting a metal fence on its southern border with Greece. Around 250 migrants later clash with Macedonian police on the border. ](/news/2015/11/28/macedonia-s-army-begins-erecting-a-metal-fence-on-its-southern-border-with-greece-around-250-migrants-later-clash-with-macedonian-police-on.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Greece, Macedonian_
