### [2011-06-30](/news/2011/06/30/index.md)

# A heavy thunderstorm hits the midwestern United States of Illinois and Wisconsin leaving thousands of homes without power and causing transport problems in Chicago. 

About 20,000 homes and businesses served by Commonwealth Edison Co. were without power this afternoon in the wake of severe thunderstorms that pelted the Chicago area with golf ball-size hailstones, disrupted Metra service for hours in the far northern suburbs and damaged 64 Chicago police cars.


### Source:

1. [Chicago Tribune](http://www.chicagotribune.com/news/local/breaking/chi-temperatures-headed-for-upper-90s-20110630,0,7913478.story)
2. [WISN](http://www.wisn.com/r/28415289/detail.html)

### Related:

1. [Tornadoes of 2015, At least 11 people are killed as tornadoes strike Dallas, Texas, and five people die in a flash flood in Illinois. A total of 34 people have died in this week's smorgasbord of storms that started Wednesday. Mark Wiley of the National Weather Service says this rare run of December tornado storms in the South and Midwest, and spring-like temperatures across much of the North and East, in part to a strong El Nino. ](/news/2015/12/27/tornadoes-of-2015-at-least-11-people-are-killed-as-tornadoes-strike-dallas-texas-and-five-people-die-in-a-flash-flood-in-illinois-a-tota.md) _Context: Illinois, Midwestern_
2. [Health authorities in the United States say that 53 people in nine states have been sickened in a salmonella outbreak. California is the worst affected state with 31 cases with the other states with cases include Arizona, Illinois, Mississippi, New Mexico, South Dakota, Virginia, Washington and Wisconsin. ](/news/2015/05/21/health-authorities-in-the-united-states-say-that-53-people-in-nine-states-have-been-sickened-in-a-salmonella-outbreak-california-is-the-wor.md) _Context: Illinois, Wisconsin_
3. [Following the issuance of a rare High Risk for severe weather (only the fifth documented such case in November and also extending to areas further north than any previous known high risk issued in the November through February timeframe), several midwestern states in the United States are placed under multiple tornado watches, with multiple tornadoes touching down, causing at least four deaths and up to 50 injured in the area; one leveled parts of a suburb of Peoria, Illinois. Around six dozen tornadoes occur in total with activity most concentrated in Illinois and Indiana but extending from Tennessee to Michigan. ''](/news/2013/11/17/following-the-issuance-of-a-rare-high-risk-for-severe-weather-only-the-fifth-documented-such-case-in-november-and-also-extending-to-areas-f.md) _Context: Illinois, Midwestern_
4. [In three states--Wisconsin, Minnesota (where an elderly person's death was reported), and Illinois--in the United States, Whole Foods Market Inc. is recalling three types of the Crave Brothers (based in Waterloo, Wisconsin) Les Freres cheese, sold in 30 states and in Washington, D.C., due to concerns that it may be contaminated with ''Listeria monocytogenes'', which causes listeriosis, dangerous especially to the immunocompromised and pregnant women. ](/news/2013/07/5/in-three-statesawisconsin-minnesota-where-an-elderly-person-s-death-was-reported-and-illinoisain-the-united-states-whole-foods-mark.md) _Context: Illinois, Wisconsin_
5. [Heavy thunderstorms with 75 mph winds, in the US city of Chicago, Illinois, cut power and disrupt transport. ](/news/2011/07/11/heavy-thunderstorms-with-75-mph-winds-in-the-us-city-of-chicago-illinois-cut-power-and-disrupt-transport.md) _Context: Chicago, Illinois, Illinois_
6. [Central United States stormsMore than 270,000 people in the US city of Chicago, Illinois, are left without power due to thunder storms with some reports of funnel clouds. ](/news/2011/06/21/central-united-states-stormspmore-than-270-000-people-in-the-us-city-of-chicago-illinois-are-left-without-power-due-to-thunder-storms-with.md) _Context: Chicago, Illinois, Illinois_
7. [Rahm Emanuel is sworn in as the Mayor of Chicago, Illinois. ](/news/2011/05/16/rahm-emanuel-is-sworn-in-as-the-mayor-of-chicago-illinois.md) _Context: Chicago, Illinois, Illinois_
8. [The U.S. state of Wisconsin has demonstrations in the tens of thousands against a bill forcing public service workers to pay increased pension costs, increased healthcare coverage as well as stripping them of almost all union rights. Senators yesterday fled the state to Illinois. ](/news/2011/02/18/the-u-s-state-of-wisconsin-has-demonstrations-in-the-tens-of-thousands-against-a-bill-forcing-public-service-workers-to-pay-increased-pensi.md) _Context: Illinois, Wisconsin_
9. [Tornadoes touch down in midwestern and southern United States, including Washington County, Arkansas; Greater St. Louis, Sunset Hills, Missouri, Illinois and Oklahoma, with a few tornadoes in the early hours of January 1, 2011. A total 36 tornadoes touched down, resulting in the deaths of 9 people.](/news/2010/12/31/tornadoes-touch-down-in-midwestern-and-southern-united-states-including-washington-county-arkansas-greater-st-louis-sunset-hills-misso.md) _Context: Illinois, Midwestern_
10. [A heavy blizzard in the midwestern US states of Minnesota, Wisconsin, Iowa, Illinois and Michigan dropping about three feet of snow results in two deaths, road closures, flight cancellations and the inflatable roof of the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome in Minneapolis, Minnesota, collapsing. ](/news/2010/12/12/a-heavy-blizzard-in-the-midwestern-us-states-of-minnesota-wisconsin-iowa-illinois-and-michigan-dropping-about-three-feet-of-snow-results.md) _Context: Illinois, Wisconsin_
