### [2011-06-30](/news/2011/06/30/index.md)

# According to a study by a team of epidemiologists and physicians, evidence "strongly suggests" that United Nations peacekeepers brought a cholera strain to Haiti that has killed thousands of people. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5i-JSfU63cFjKa4zKqDD0Vk--r3_Q?docId=b22a00d2328d4930b5eaee7ccae9f0f2)
2. [Press TV](http://www.presstv.com/detail/186908.html)

### Related:

1. [Hurricane Matthew. The United Nations launches an emergency appeal for almost U.S.$120 million in life-saving help for 750,000 survivors in Haiti at risk of starvation and/or cholera. ](/news/2016/10/11/hurricane-matthew-the-united-nations-launches-an-emergency-appeal-for-almost-u-s-120-million-in-life-saving-help-for-750-000-survivors-in.md) _Context: United Nations, cholera_
2. [ In Iraq, a cholera outbreak prompts United Nations agencies UNICEF and the World Health Organization to launch a prevention and treatment campaign. So far, around 2,200 cases have been confirmed, and some infections have occurred in neighboring countries. ](/news/2015/11/7/in-iraq-a-cholera-outbreak-prompts-united-nations-agencies-unicef-and-the-world-health-organization-to-launch-a-prevention-and-treatment-c.md) _Context: United Nations, cholera_
3. [Aid workers and the United Nations raise concerns about rising food prices and increased cholera in Haiti, where Hurricane Sandy has killed at least 52 people. ](/news/2012/10/30/aid-workers-and-the-united-nations-raise-concerns-about-rising-food-prices-and-increased-cholera-in-haiti-where-hurricane-sandy-has-killed.md) _Context: United Nations, cholera_
4. [Haiti police fire tear gas into a camp for internally displaced people in Port-au-Prince after riots over United Nations peacekeepers from Nepal allegedly bringing cholera into the country turn violent. ](/news/2010/11/18/haiti-police-fire-tear-gas-into-a-camp-for-internally-displaced-people-in-port-au-prince-after-riots-over-united-nations-peacekeepers-from-n.md) _Context: United Nations, cholera_
5. [ The United Nations is asking donors for US$3.2 million to help six West African countries fight cholera. The disease has killed at least 700 people and infected over 42,000 in the region since June, a sharp rise due to the unusually heavy rains this year. ](/news/2005/11/7/the-united-nations-is-asking-donors-for-us-3-2-million-to-help-six-west-african-countries-fight-cholera-the-disease-has-killed-at-least-70.md) _Context: United Nations, cholera_
6. [Syria chemical weapons program. Sanctions against North Korea. Two North Korean shipments to a Syrian government agency of its chemical weapons program were intercepted in the past 6 months, according to a confidential United Nations report on violations of North Korea's sactions. ](/news/2017/08/21/syria-chemical-weapons-program-sanctions-against-north-korea-two-north-korean-shipments-to-a-syrian-government-agency-of-its-chemical-weap.md) _Context: United Nations_
7. [Epidemiology of HIV/AIDS. According to the United Nations, the Philippines has the largest increase in HIV/AIDS in the Asia Pacific region with about a 140% increase in cases from 2010 until 2016 possibly causing a 'national emergency.' ](/news/2017/08/1/epidemiology-of-hiv-aids-according-to-the-united-nations-the-philippines-has-the-largest-increase-in-hiv-aids-in-the-asia-pacific-region-w.md) _Context: United Nations_
8. [Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons. The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-12.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [Russia and the United Nations. Russian President Vladimir Putin appoints Vasily Nebenzya to be the new Permanent Representative of Russia to the United Nations following the sudden death of Vitaly Churkin in February. ](/news/2017/07/27/russia-and-the-united-nations-russian-president-vladimir-putin-appoints-vasily-nebenzya-to-be-the-new-permanent-representative-of-russia-to.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 2017 Temple Mount crisis. Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.. Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey. Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.. 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.. United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.. Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-. ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: United Nations_
