### [2011-06-30](/news/2011/06/30/index.md)

# Taiwanese media reports that former President Lee Teng-hui has been indicted on charges of embezzlement from a state diplomatic fund. 




### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/asia-pacific/report-former-taiwan-president-lee-teng-hui-indicted-on-charge-of-embezzling-state-fund/2011/06/29/AGFRjUrH_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Former president of Taiwan Chen Shui-bian's life sentence is cut to twenty years in prison. ](/news/2010/06/10/former-president-of-taiwan-chen-shui-bian-s-life-sentence-is-cut-to-twenty-years-in-prison.md) _Context: President of Taiwan, Taiwan_
2. [ A judge in Taipei, Taiwan, rules that the former President Chen Shui-bian, should be held in jail while prosecutors seek his conviction on charges of money laundering and corruption.  ](/news/2008/11/12/a-judge-in-taipei-taiwan-rules-that-the-former-president-chen-shui-bian-should-be-held-in-jail-while-prosecutors-seek-his-conviction-on.md) _Context: President of Taiwan, Taiwan_
3. [ Taiwan's Premier Chang Chun-hsiung remains in office as President Chen Shui-bian rejects his resignation. ](/news/2008/01/27/taiwan-s-premier-chang-chun-hsiung-remains-in-office-as-president-chen-shui-bian-rejects-his-resignation.md) _Context: President of Taiwan, Taiwan_
4. [ Four state-owned enterprises of the Republic of China (Taiwan)--Chunghwa Post, the Chinese Petroleum Corporation, the China Shipbuilding Corporation, and the Central Bank of China--change their names to remove "China" from their titles at the request of President Chen Shui-bian. The decision is condemned by the Pan-Blue Coalition, the United States and People's Republic of China as a move towards Taiwan independence. ](/news/2007/02/12/four-state-owned-enterprises-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-achunghwa-post-the-chinese-petroleum-corporation-the-china-shipbuilding-c.md) _Context: President of Taiwan, Taiwan_
5. [ Cloning scientist Hwang Woo-Suk is indicted for fraud, embezzlement and violation of bioethics law in a scandal in South Korea over his faked stem cell research. ](/news/2006/05/12/cloning-scientist-hwang-woo-suk-is-indicted-for-fraud-embezzlement-and-violation-of-bioethics-law-in-a-scandal-in-south-korea-over-his-fak.md) _Context: embezzlement, indicted_
6. [ The PRC objects to former US President Bill Clinton's plan to visit Taiwan and meet with the ROC President Chen Shui-bian. ](/news/2005/02/24/the-prc-objects-to-former-us-president-bill-clinton-s-plan-to-visit-taiwan-and-meet-with-the-roc-president-chen-shui-bian.md) _Context: President of Taiwan, Taiwan_
7. [ In the Republic of China/Taiwan, President Chen Shui-bian names fellow Democratic Progressive Party member Frank Hsieh, as the new premier. He calls for a reconciliation with the political opposition, which maintained its legislative majority in last month's elections. ](/news/2005/01/25/in-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-president-chen-shui-bian-names-fellow-democratic-progressive-party-member-frank-hsieh-as-the-new-premier.md) _Context: President of Taiwan, Taiwan_
8. [In Taiwan, President Chen Shui-bian signs a law that allows referendums to be held. The People's Republic of China condemns this. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/asia-pacific/3358655.stm]](/news/2003/12/31/in-taiwan-president-chen-shui-bian-signs-a-law-that-allows-referendums-to-be-held-the-people-s-republic-of-china-condemns-this-http-ne.md) _Context: President of Taiwan, Taiwan_
9. [ President Chen Shui-bian says that the hundreds of missiles the People's Republic of China has aimed at Taiwan justifies holding a referendum on independence. The referendum bill recently passed by the Legislative Yuan only allows votes on sovereignty if the country is attacked by a foreign power. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/3252246.stm]](/news/2003/12/1/president-chen-shui-bian-says-that-the-hundreds-of-missiles-the-people-s-republic-of-china-has-aimed-at-taiwan-justifies-holding-a-referend.md) _Context: President of Taiwan, Taiwan_
10. [Former President of the Philippines Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III is indicted (among others) by the Office of the Ombudsman for his failure in handling the 2015 Mamasapano clash, which resulted in the deaths of 44 members of the Special Action Forces of the Philippine National Police. Aquino's camp has vowed to file a motion for reconsideration; as well as the group Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption (representing the victims' families), against what they call a "weak case" (citing Aquino's indictment for "graft", instead of "multiple homicide") ](/news/2017/07/14/former-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-noynoy-aquino-iii-is-indicted-among-others-by-the-office-of-the-ombudsman-for-his-failure-in.md) _Context: indicted_
