### [2003-11-26](/news/2003/11/26/index.md)

#  India and Pakistan announce a ceasefire in the Kashmir region.




### Related:

1. [ The Indian Army says that Pakistan has violated ceasefire after a mortar fire over the military line that divides Kashmir. Pakistan denies the charge. ](/news/2005/01/19/the-indian-army-says-that-pakistan-has-violated-ceasefire-after-a-mortar-fire-over-the-military-line-that-divides-kashmir-pakistan-denies.md) _Context: Kashmir, ceasefire_
2. [A ceasefire brings calm after heavy fighting between Fatah and extremists that left two people dead at the Palestinian refugees camp of Ain al-Hilweh, Lebanon. ](/news/2017/08/21/a-ceasefire-brings-calm-after-heavy-fighting-between-fatah-and-extremists-that-left-two-people-dead-at-the-palestinian-refugees-camp-of-ain.md) _Context: ceasefire_
3. [Citizens remain trapped in Marawi, Philippines, after a ceasefire organised by the Moro Islamic Liberation Front (MILF) is broken. Up to 2,000 people remain in need of help after nearly two weeks without food. ](/news/2017/06/4/citizens-remain-trapped-in-marawi-philippines-after-a-ceasefire-organised-by-the-moro-islamic-liberation-front-milf-is-broken-up-to-2-0.md) _Context: ceasefire_
4. [Six people are killed and two are missing after the Jhelum River in Kashmir overflows following heavy rain and snowfall. ](/news/2017/04/7/six-people-are-killed-and-two-are-missing-after-the-jhelum-river-in-kashmir-overflows-following-heavy-rain-and-snowfall.md) _Context: Kashmir_
5. [Russia begins to withdraw its forces from Syria, with its aircraft carrier battle group being the first to leave. The United Nations says the ceasefire is "largely holding". ](/news/2017/01/6/russia-begins-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-syria-with-its-aircraft-carrier-battle-group-being-the-first-to-leave-the-united-nations-says-th.md) _Context: ceasefire_
6. [The warring parties reach agreement on a ceasefire, now that the fighting has ended, to allow civilians and the remaining rebel fighters trapped in the besieged Syrian city to evacuate. Five buses will start moving to pick up passengers at 5:00 a.m. EET Wednesday (03:00 UTC). ](/news/2016/12/13/the-warring-parties-reach-agreement-on-a-ceasefire-now-that-the-fighting-has-ended-to-allow-civilians-and-the-remaining-rebel-fighters-tra.md) _Context: ceasefire_
7. [Pakistan accuses eight Indian diplomats of espionage and terrorism amid rising tensions concerning Kashmir. India says it rejects these allegations. The six Pakistani diplomats withdrawn from India last week were reported to have been accused of spying. ](/news/2016/11/3/pakistan-accuses-eight-indian-diplomats-of-espionage-and-terrorism-amid-rising-tensions-concerning-kashmir-india-says-it-rejects-these-alle.md) _Context: Kashmir_
8. [Pakistani Chief of Air Staff Sohail Aman warns India not to escalate tensions in the disputed territory of Kashmir under the threat of a full-scale war. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson urges both sides to restrain themselves while on a diplomatic mission to Islamabad. ](/news/2016/11/24/pakistani-chief-of-air-staff-sohail-aman-warns-india-not-to-escalate-tensions-in-the-disputed-territory-of-kashmir-under-the-threat-of-a-ful.md) _Context: Kashmir_
9. [Russia vetoes a French-drafted United Nations Security Council resolution that calls for a ceasefire in Aleppo. China, which had backed Russia's four previous Syria-related vetoes, abstains. ](/news/2016/10/8/russia-vetoes-a-french-drafted-united-nations-security-council-resolution-that-calls-for-a-ceasefire-in-aleppo-china-which-had-backed-russ.md) _Context: ceasefire_
10. [ India and Pakistan each expel a diplomat from the other country as tensions grow over Kashmir. ](/news/2016/10/27/india-and-pakistan-each-expel-a-diplomat-from-the-other-country-as-tensions-grow-over-kashmir.md) _Context: Kashmir_
