### [2011-05-25](/news/2011/05/25/index.md)

# Christine Lagarde, the French Minister for Finance, announces her candidacy to be head of the International Monetary Fund. 

Since Dominique Strauss-Kahn resigned to fight sexual assault charges, Finance Minister Christine Lagarde of France has become a top candidate to lead the International Monetary Fund.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2011/WORLD/europe/05/25/france.lagarde.imf/index.html?hpt=T2)
2. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2011/05/25/business/global/25fund.html)

### Related:

1. [A court in France announces a delay of an investigation into whether Christine Lagarde abused her authority as Finance Minister of that country. Lagarde is the new Director of the International Monetary Fund. ](/news/2011/07/8/a-court-in-france-announces-a-delay-of-an-investigation-into-whether-christine-lagarde-abused-her-authority-as-finance-minister-of-that-coun.md) _Context: Christine Lagarde, Finance Minister, International Monetary Fund_
2. [A court in Paris finds International Monetary Fund Managing Director Christine Lagarde guilty of negligence in a 404 million euro "misuse of public funds" case. The court ruled that Lagarde won't be fined, won't serve any jail time, or receive a criminal record. The IMF Executive Board "looks forward to continuing to work with" her. ](/news/2016/12/19/a-court-in-paris-finds-international-monetary-fund-managing-director-christine-lagarde-guilty-of-negligence-in-a-404-million-euro-misuse-of.md) _Context: Christine Lagarde, International Monetary Fund_
3. [Christine Lagarde, the managing director of the International Monetary Fund, goes on trial in France for alleged negligence as Finance Minister resulting in the loss of hundreds of millions of euros. ](/news/2016/12/12/christine-lagarde-the-managing-director-of-the-international-monetary-fund-goes-on-trial-in-france-for-alleged-negligence-as-finance-minis.md) _Context: Christine Lagarde, International Monetary Fund_
4. [Christine Lagarde, the Chief of the International Monetary Fund, is placed under investigation in France for alleged negligence dating back to her time as Minister of Finance. ](/news/2014/08/27/christine-lagarde-the-chief-of-the-international-monetary-fund-is-placed-under-investigation-in-france-for-alleged-negligence-dating-back.md) _Context: Christine Lagarde, International Monetary Fund_
5. [Christine Lagarde officially starts as managing director of the International Monetary Fund (IMF). ](/news/2011/07/5/christine-lagarde-officially-starts-as-managing-director-of-the-international-monetary-fund-imf.md) _Context: Christine Lagarde, International Monetary Fund_
6. [Christine Lagarde, France's finance minister since 2007, is named the new head the International Monetary Fund (IMF) following the resignation of Dominique Strauss-Kahn. ](/news/2011/06/28/christine-lagarde-france-s-finance-minister-since-2007-is-named-the-new-head-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-following-the-resignati.md) _Context: Christine Lagarde, International Monetary Fund_
7. [Britain formally backs French politician Christine Lagarde to become the next managing director of the International Monetary Fund, following the resignation of Dominique Strauss-Kahn over his alleged rape of a hotel chambermaid in New York City. ](/news/2011/05/21/britain-formally-backs-french-politician-christine-lagarde-to-become-the-next-managing-director-of-the-international-monetary-fund-followin.md) _Context: Christine Lagarde, International Monetary Fund_
8. [A letter bomb explodes at the office of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) in Paris, injuring one person. ](/news/2017/03/16/a-letter-bomb-explodes-at-the-office-of-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-in-paris-injuring-one-person.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
9. [An agreement is reached between Mongolian government representatives  and the International Monetary Fund  and other international partners on a  three-year, $5.5 billion economic stabilization package. ](/news/2017/02/19/an-agreement-is-reached-between-mongolian-government-representatives-and-the-international-monetary-fund-and-other-international-partners.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
10. [Greece demands an explanation from the International Monetary Fund (IMF) after an apparent leaked transcript suggested the IMF may threaten to pull out of the country's bailout as a tactic to force European lenders to offer more debt relief. Whistleblowing site WikiLeaks published what it said was the transcript of a March 19 conference call of three senior IMF officials discussing tactics to apply pressure on Greece, Germany and the EU to reach a deal in April. ](/news/2016/04/2/greece-demands-an-explanation-from-the-international-monetary-fund-imf-after-an-apparent-leaked-transcript-suggested-the-imf-may-threaten.md) _Context: International Monetary Fund_
