### [2011-05-25](/news/2011/05/25/index.md)

# Palestinian officials dismiss Israeli PM Benjamin Netanyahu's speech to the US Congress, saying it will not lead to peace. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-13534775)
2. [The Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/DiplomacyAndPolitics/Article.aspx?id=222154)

### Related:

1. [Jewish settlers are accused of attacking a mosque in the West Bank, setting alight carpets and daubing Hebrew graffiti on its walls; Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu strongly condemns the act. ](/news/2011/06/7/jewish-settlers-are-accused-of-attacking-a-mosque-in-the-west-bank-setting-alight-carpets-and-daubing-hebrew-graffiti-on-its-walls-israeli.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
2. [After Hamas rejects a call from the International Red Cross for access to Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit, held incommunicado since he was captured nearly five years ago, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says Israel will reduce Palestinian prisoners' privileges in response. ](/news/2011/06/23/after-hamas-rejects-a-call-from-the-international-red-cross-for-access-to-israeli-soldier-gilad-shalit-held-incommunicado-since-he-was-capt.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
3. [Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu calls on Palestinian Authority President Abbas to choose peace with Israel and not Hamas, saying that the Fatah-Hamas unity government deal would jeopardize the already-stalled peace process because Hamas opposes the existence of Israel; Abbas rejects the call as -unacceptable interference-. ](/news/2011/05/3/israeli-prime-minister-netanyahu-calls-on-palestinian-authority-president-abbas-to-choose-peace-with-israel-and-not-hamas-saying-that-the-f.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
4. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu addresses a joint session of the United States Congress and says he is prepared to make "far-reaching compromises" for a peace deal with Palestinians, but states that Israel will not return to its pre-1967 borders. ](/news/2011/05/24/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-addresses-a-joint-session-of-the-united-states-congress-and-says-he-is-prepared-to-make-far-reach.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Palestinian_
5. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu announces that he will oppose a conversion bill that would give the Chief Rabbinate of Israel the legal power to decide whether any conversion is legitimate and could cause immigrants who converted to Judaism abroad to be denied Israeli citizenship. ](/news/2010/07/18/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-announces-that-he-will-oppose-a-conversion-bill-that-would-give-the-chief-rabbinate-of-israel-the.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu, Israeli Prime Minister_
6. [Israel-Jordan relations. 2017 Amman incident. Israel's embassy staff in Jordan, including a security guard involved in a shooting incident in which two Jordanians were killed yesterday, return to Israel from Amman. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu thanked U.S. President Donald Trump and Jordan's King Abdullah for their help and cooperation. ](/news/2017/07/24/israel-jordan-relations-2017-amman-incident-israel-s-embassy-staff-in-jordan-including-a-security-guard-involved-in-a-shooting-incident.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu_
7. [Politics of Israel. The Jewish Agency for Israel Board of Governors cancels Monday's dinner with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to protest Sunday's decision by his cabinet to rescind plans for a mixed-gender prayer area at Jerusalem's Western Wall, a compromise agreement reached after three years of intense negotiations. ](/news/2017/06/26/politics-of-israel-the-jewish-agency-for-israel-board-of-governors-cancels-monday-s-dinner-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-t.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu_
8. [Germany-Israel relations. Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu cancels a visit with the foreign minister of Germany Sigmar Gabriel after the latter's refusal to cancel a meeting with the Israel Defense Forces veterans NGO Breaking the Silence saying the group "slanders IDF soldiers as war criminals](/news/2017/04/25/germany-israel-relations-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-cancels-a-visit-with-the-foreign-minister-of-germany-sigmar-gabriel.md) _Context: Benjamin Netanyahu_
9. [An Israeli Army tank kills a Palestinian teenager and wounds two others near the Gaza border. ](/news/2017/03/22/an-israeli-army-tank-kills-a-palestinian-teenager-and-wounds-two-others-near-the-gaza-border.md) _Context: Palestinian_
10. [Israel passes the Regulation Law which retroactively legalizes 4,000 housing units in 16 settlements on Area C West Bank occupied Palestinian territories. ](/news/2017/02/6/israel-passes-the-regulation-law-which-retroactively-legalizes-4-000-housing-units-in-16-settlements-on-area-c-west-bank-occupied-palestinia.md) _Context: Palestinian_
