### [2011-05-25](/news/2011/05/25/index.md)

# South African President Jacob Zuma will visit Libya for talks with  Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, in renewed efforts by the African Union to broker a cease-fire in the 2011 Libyan civil war. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2011/WORLD/africa/05/25/south.africa.libya/index.html)

### Related:

1. [2011 Libyan civil war:The family of Anton Hammerl, a South African journalist missing in Libya since 5 April 2011, claim that he was shot by forces loyal to Muammar Gaddafi. ](/news/2011/05/20/2011-libyan-civil-war-pthe-family-of-anton-hammerl-a-south-african-journalist-missing-in-libya-since-5-april-2011-claim-that-he-was-shot-b.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi, South Africa_
2. [The South African Parliament debates a minority motion to impeach President Jacob Zuma following last week's Constitutional Court judgment that Zuma had violated the constitution in a spending scandal involving the president's private home. The African National Congress has a 249 - 151 majority, making this motion's chance of gaining a two-thirds majority unlikely. ](/news/2016/04/5/the-south-african-parliament-debates-a-minority-motion-to-impeach-president-jacob-zuma-following-last-week-s-constitutional-court-judgment-t.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President, South Africa_
3. [The Parliament of South Africa announces it will debate a motion to impeach President Jacob Zuma this coming Tuesday. This comes after Zuma is facing mounting pressure when the Constitutional Court ruled that Zuma violated the constitution by using state funds to renovate his mansion. Yesterday, anti-apartheid veteran Ahmed Kathrada joined opposition leaders in calling for Zuma's resignation. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-parliament-of-south-africa-announces-it-will-debate-a-motion-to-impeach-president-jacob-zuma-this-coming-tuesday-this-comes-after-zuma.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President, South Africa_
4. [A court in South Africa rules that the decision in 2009 to drop over 750 corruption charges against President Jacob Zuma was irrational and called for a review of them. However, the court ruling does not automatically reinstate the charges against Zuma as a legal team must be set up to decide on whether to charge him or not. ](/news/2016/04/29/a-court-in-south-africa-rules-that-the-decision-in-2009-to-drop-over-750-corruption-charges-against-president-jacob-zuma-was-irrational-and.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President, South Africa_
5. [South Africa's Public Protector finds that President Jacob Zuma has "benefitted unduly" from government funded upgrades of his rural residence. ](/news/2014/03/19/south-africa-s-public-protector-finds-that-president-jacob-zuma-has-benefitted-unduly-from-government-funded-upgrades-of-his-rural-residen.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President, South Africa_
6. [Central African Republic conflict (2012-present):South Africa's President Jacob Zuma announces full withdrawal from the Central African Republic after criticism over death of 13 soldiers during the fall of the government there. ](/news/2013/04/4/central-african-republic-conflict-2012apresent-psouth-africa-s-president-jacob-zuma-announces-full-withdrawal-from-the-central-african-r.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President, South Africa_
7. [South Africa's governing party, the African National Congress, starts a 5-day conference where President Jacob Zuma faces a challenge from Deputy President Kgalema Motlanthe. ](/news/2012/12/16/south-africa-s-governing-party-the-african-national-congress-starts-a-5-day-conference-where-president-jacob-zuma-faces-a-challenge-from-d.md) _Context: Jacob Zuma, President, South Africa_
8. [A Libyan starts court proceedings against 41 people accused of helping Muammar Gaddafi to attempt to suppress the opposition in the Libyan Civil War. ](/news/2012/02/5/a-libyan-starts-court-proceedings-against-41-people-accused-of-helping-muammar-gaddafi-to-attempt-to-suppress-the-opposition-in-the-libyan-c.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi_
9. [2011 Libyan civil war: ousted Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi's stronghold of Sirte is reportedly close to being conquered by the forces of the National Transitional Council, who have captured the city's airport, hospital, university and conference centre. ](/news/2011/10/9/2011-libyan-civil-war-ousted-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-s-stronghold-of-sirte-is-reportedly-close-to-being-conquered-by-the-forces-of.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi_
10. [Aftermath of Libyan Civil War:The bodies of ousted Libyan dictator Muammar Gaddafi, his son and advisor Mutassim Gaddafi, and former defence minister Abu-Bakr Yunis Jabr are buried in unmarked graves by the National Transitional Council. ](/news/2011/10/25/aftermath-of-libyan-civil-war-pthe-bodies-of-ousted-libyan-dictator-muammar-gaddafi-his-son-and-advisor-mutassim-gaddafi-and-former-defenc.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, Muammar Gaddafi_
