### [2011-05-25](/news/2011/05/25/index.md)

# Two of the reactors damaged in the March earthquake and tsunami at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant in Japan may be riddled with holes, according to the facility's owner, Tokyo Electric Power Co. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2011/WORLD/asiapcf/05/25/japan.nuclear.report/index.html)

### Related:

1. [According to Tokyo Electric Power Company, radiations levels within one of the reactors of Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, damaged by an earthquake and tsunami in 2011, are at its highest level since experiencing a meltdown, with a reading of 530 sieverts an hour. ](/news/2017/02/3/according-to-tokyo-electric-power-company-radiations-levels-within-one-of-the-reactors-of-fukushima-daiichi-nuclear-power-plant-damaged-by.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, an earthquake and tsunami_
2. [Japan's emperor and prime minister attend a memorial service marking the fifth anniversary of the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami in which 15,894 people died and caused the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. Many people remain displaced and recovery efforts are ongoing. ](/news/2016/03/11/japanas-emperor-and-prime-minister-attend-a-memorial-service-marking-the-fifth-anniversary-of-the-2011-tahoku-earthquake-and-tsunami-in-w.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, Japan, an earthquake and tsunami_
3. [French President Nicolas Sarkozy admits he did not visit Fukushima while in Japan after last year's earthquake and tsunami, despite having previously said he had done so. ](/news/2012/04/13/french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-admits-he-did-not-visit-fukushima-while-in-japan-after-last-year-s-earthquake-and-tsunami-despite-having-p.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, Japan, an earthquake and tsunami_
4. [Japan's economy shrinks by 0.3% in the April-June quarter confirming the country is in a recession caused in part by the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami and subsequent Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. ](/news/2011/08/15/japan-s-economy-shrinks-by-0-3-in-the-april-june-quarter-confirming-the-country-is-in-a-recession-caused-in-part-by-the-2011-tahoku-earthq.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, Japan, an earthquake and tsunami_
5. [The Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO) claims that three reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant suffered partial meltdowns following the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami; it had previously announced that only one reactor had suffered a meltdown. ](/news/2011/05/24/the-tokyo-electric-power-company-tepco-claims-that-three-reactors-at-the-fukushima-daiichi-nuclear-power-plant-suffered-partial-meltdowns.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, an earthquake and tsunami_
6. [Japan's Sendai Nuclear Power Plant in Satsumasendai in Kagoshima Prefecture on Kyushu restarts reactor no. 1. This is the first of 50-plus shut-down nuclear reactors to go back online since the 2011 Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. The problems discovered in the reactor model after the disaster have not been fixed. ](/news/2015/08/11/japan-s-sendai-nuclear-power-plant-in-satsumasendai-in-kagoshima-prefecture-on-kyushu-restarts-reactor-no-1-this-is-the-first-of-50-plus-s.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, Japan_
7. [Japan approves a thirty-to-forty year plan to clean up the site of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. ](/news/2015/06/12/japan-approves-a-thirty-to-forty-year-plan-to-clean-up-the-site-of-the-fukushima-daiichi-nuclear-disaster.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, Japan_
8. [Japan allocates 820 billion yen ($6.8 billion) for creating a nearly 400-kilometer (250-mile) chain of cement seawalls, at places nearly five stories high, against future tsunami disasters such as the one that struck the country's northeastern coast four years ago. ](/news/2015/03/22/japan-allocates-820-billion-yen-6-8-billion-for-creating-a-nearly-400-kilometer-250-mile-chain-of-cement-seawalls-at-places-nearly-fiv.md) _Context: Japan, an earthquake and tsunami_
9. [Typhoon Man-yi hits central Japan with concerns raised about a possible impact on the stricken Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant. ](/news/2013/09/16/typhoon-man-yi-hits-central-japan-with-concerns-raised-about-a-possible-impact-on-the-stricken-fukushima-daiichi-nuclear-power-plant.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, Japan_
10. [Japan upgrades the recent leak of radioactive water from the Fukushima nuclear disaster site to Level 3, a "serious incident," on the International Nuclear Event Scale. ](/news/2013/08/21/japan-upgrades-the-recent-leak-of-radioactive-water-from-the-fukushima-nuclear-disaster-site-to-level-3-a-serious-incident-on-the-intern.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, Japan_
