### [2016-12-27](/news/2016/12/27/index.md)

# Former President of Argentina Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner is indicted on corruption charges. 

Former Argentine President Cristina Fernandez was indicted on Tuesday on charges she ran a corruption scheme with a public works secretary who was arrested in June while trying to stash millions of dollars in a convent.


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/12/27/former-argentine-presidentcristina-fernandez-de-kirchner-indicted/)

### Related:

1. [Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner appeals to Pope Francis for assistance in settling Argentina's dispute over the Falkland Islands with the United Kingdom. ](/news/2013/03/18/argentine-president-cristina-ferna-ndez-de-kirchner-appeals-to-pope-francis-for-assistance-in-settling-argentina-s-dispute-over-the-falkland.md) _Context: Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, President of Argentina_
2. [Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, the President of Argentina, states that Argentina will lodge a complaint with the United Nations Security Council and the United Nations General Assembly about the alleged "militarisation" of the area around the Falkland Islands by the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/02/7/cristina-ferna-ndez-de-kirchner-the-president-of-argentina-states-that-argentina-will-lodge-a-complaint-with-the-united-nations-security-c.md) _Context: Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, President of Argentina_
3. [The government of Argentina announces that President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner has cancer in her thyroid gland, and will have an operation on 4 January and step aside as president for 20 days until 24 January. ](/news/2011/12/27/the-government-of-argentina-announces-that-president-cristina-ferna-ndez-de-kirchner-has-cancer-in-her-thyroid-gland-and-will-have-an-opera.md) _Context: Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, President of Argentina_
4. [President of Argentina Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner announces social benefits and tax deferments designed to assist those affected by the eruption of Puyehue-Cordon Caulle. ](/news/2011/07/5/president-of-argentina-cristina-ferna-ndez-de-kirchner-announces-social-benefits-and-tax-deferments-designed-to-assist-those-affected-by-the.md) _Context: Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, President of Argentina_
5. [Nestor Kirchner, Secretary General of UNASUR, former President of Argentina and husband of President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner dies at his home in El Calafate, Santa Cruz Province, with three days of mourning declared. ](/news/2010/10/27/na-c-stor-kirchner-secretary-general-of-unasur-former-president-of-argentina-and-husband-of-president-cristina-ferna-ndez-de-kirchner-dies-a.md) _Context: Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, President of Argentina_
6. [ Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, current First Lady of Argentina and candidate to become President of Argentina, announces Julio Cobos, the Governor of Mendoza Province as her running mate. ](/news/2007/08/14/cristina-ferna-ndez-de-kirchner-current-first-lady-of-argentina-and-candidate-to-become-president-of-argentina-announces-julio-cobos-the.md) _Context: Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, President of Argentina_
7. [Human rights in Argentina: Reynaldo Bignone, the last military President of Argentina, is sentenced to twenty years imprisonment for his role in the forced disappearance of more than 100 people in Operation Condor. ](/news/2016/05/27/human-rights-in-argentina-reynaldo-bignone-the-last-military-president-of-argentina-is-sentenced-to-twenty-years-imprisonment-for-his-rol.md) _Context: President of Argentina_
8. [Former President of Argentina Cristina Fernandez is indicted on fraud charges in relation to alleged irregularities in the sale of United States dollars by the Central Bank during her term in office. ](/news/2016/05/13/former-president-of-argentina-cristina-ferna-ndez-is-indicted-on-fraud-charges-in-relation-to-alleged-irregularities-in-the-sale-of-united-s.md) _Context: President of Argentina_
9. [Argentine general election, 2015: Voters in Argentina went to the polls Sunday to select a new President and legislature. The race to be Argentina's next president heads for a November 22 runoff. With 80 percent of polling places reporting, opposition, Republican Proposal (PRO) candidate Mauricio Macri, and ruling party, Justicialist Party (PJ) candidate Daniel Scioli each have 35 percent of the votes. ](/news/2015/10/25/argentine-general-election-2015-voters-in-argentina-went-to-the-polls-sunday-to-select-a-new-president-and-legislature-the-race-to-be-arg.md) _Context: President of Argentina_
10. [The investigator into the death of Argentinian prosecutor Alberto Nisman states that Nisman had drafted a request that President Cristina Fernandez be arrested for allegedly attempting to derail his investigation of the 1994 AMIA bombing that killed 85 people. ](/news/2015/02/3/the-investigator-into-the-death-of-argentinian-prosecutor-alberto-nisman-states-that-nisman-had-drafted-a-request-that-president-cristina-fe.md) _Context: President of Argentina_
