### [2016-12-27](/news/2016/12/27/index.md)

#  Israel's Foreign Ministry announces that it is "reducing" ties with some of the UN Security Council countries that voted to pass United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334. 

Israel curbed relations with countries that voted in favor of a recent U.N. Security Council resolution condemning the country&#x27;s West Bank settlements.


### Source:

1. [Business Insider](http://www.businessinsider.com/israel-suspends-ties-with-12-un-security-council-nations-2016-12)
2. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/israel-curtails-ties-12-countries-over-u-n-settlements-vote-n700426)

### Related:

1. [Israel, Palestine, and the United Nations. Israel announces it will withhold $6 million from its annual United Nations dues in protest of the December 23, 2016, Security Council settlement resolution. ](/news/2017/01/7/israel-palestine-and-the-united-nations-israel-announces-it-will-withhold-6-million-from-its-annual-united-nations-dues-in-protest-of-th.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations Security Council resolution_
2. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis:. The UN Security Council has expressed its "shock and distress" at the previous day's Israeli attack in which 54 Lebanese civilians, many of them children, were killed. ](/news/2006/07/31/2006-israel-lebanon-crisis-the-un-security-council-has-expressed-its-shock-and-distress-at-the-previous-day-s-israeli-attack-in-which-5.md) _Context: Israel, UN Security Council_
3. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon crisis:. Israel "halts" air strikes for forty-eight hours, after an airstrike killed sixty civilians in Qana, Lebanon. [http://www.ctv.ca/servlet/ArticleNews/story/CTVNews/20060729/Israel_fighting_lebanon_060730/20060730?hub=TopStories (CTV NEWS)]. The UN Security Council is to hold an emergency meeting on the Middle East crisis after the deaths of more than 54 Lebanese civilians in an Israeli raid. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/5229058.stm (BBC)]. More than 54 civilians, at least 37 of them children, are killed in the Lebanese town of Qana. [http://www.cnn.com/2006/WORLD/meast/07/30/mideast.main/index.html (CNN)], [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/5228224.stm (BBC)]. Ehud Olmert states that "Israel is not in a hurry to have a cease-fire" before it achieves its goals. [http://news.independent.co.uk/world/middle_east/article1204849.ece "(The Independent)"]. 146 Rockets hit Israel, at least three in Haifa, wounding six people. [http://today.reuters.co.uk/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=2006-07-30T171354Z_01_L22849465_RTRUKOC_0_UK-MIDEAST.xml "(Reuters)"]](/news/2006/07/30/2006-israel-lebanon-crisis-israel-halts-air-strikes-for-forty-eight-hours-after-an-airstrike-killed-sixty-civilians-in-qana-lebanon.md) _Context: Israel, UN Security Council_
4. [Al Jazeera controversies and criticism. Israel plans to shut down all of Al Jazeera's operations in the country, alleging support of terrorism. ](/news/2017/08/6/al-jazeera-controversies-and-criticism-israel-plans-to-shut-down-all-of-al-jazeera-s-operations-in-the-country-alleging-support-of-terrori.md) _Context: Israel_
5. [Oldest men. The world's oldest man, Polish-Israeli Yisrael Kristal, who was also recognized as the oldest living Holocaust survivor, dies at age 113 years, 330 days, in Haifa, Israel. ](/news/2017/08/11/oldest-men-the-world-s-oldest-man-polish-israeli-yisrael-kristal-who-was-also-recognized-as-the-oldest-living-holocaust-survivor-dies.md) _Context: Israel_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 2017 Temple Mount crisis. The Israeli government says it will remove metal detectors and some cameras recently installed at the entrances to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem that resulted in a wave of protests and some deaths. Instead, less obtrusive surveillance means will be used. ](/news/2017/07/25/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-the-israeli-government-says-it-will-remove-metal-detectors-and-some-cameras-recent.md) _Context: Israel_
7. [Israel-Jordan relations. 2017 Amman incident. Israel's embassy staff in Jordan, including a security guard involved in a shooting incident in which two Jordanians were killed yesterday, return to Israel from Amman. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu thanked U.S. President Donald Trump and Jordan's King Abdullah for their help and cooperation. ](/news/2017/07/24/israel-jordan-relations-2017-amman-incident-israel-s-embassy-staff-in-jordan-including-a-security-guard-involved-in-a-shooting-incident.md) _Context: Israel_
8. [2017 Amman incident. A shooting at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's Al-Aqsa Mosque. Another Jordanian man was killed inadvertently. ](/news/2017/07/23/2017-amman-incident-a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordania.md) _Context: Israel_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 2017 Temple Mount crisis. Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.. Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey. Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.. 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.. United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.. Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-. ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [Law in Israel. Israel arrests Palestinian lawmaker Khalida Jarrar over allegations of her inciting of violence. ](/news/2017/07/2/law-in-israel-israel-arrests-palestinian-lawmaker-khalida-jarrar-over-allegations-of-her-inciting-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel_
