### [2014-03-20](/news/2014/03/20/index.md)

# The Prime Minister of Australia, Tony Abbott, advises the Parliament that two objects possibly related to the search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 have been located in the southern Indian Ocean. 

Sky News Australia has the top stories in news online from Australia and the rest of the World.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/03/20/malaysia-airlines-wrapup-1-pictures-tv-g-idUSL3N0MH0UF20140320)
2. [Sky News](http://www.skynews.com.au/topstories/article.aspx?id=959816&vId=)

### Related:

1. [The Prime Minister of Australia Tony Abbott faces a possible leadership vote when the Parliament of Australia resumes sitting after backbencher Luke Simpkins announces that he will move a motion calling for a leadership spill. ](/news/2015/02/6/the-prime-minister-of-australia-tony-abbott-faces-a-possible-leadership-vote-when-the-parliament-of-australia-resumes-sitting-after-backbenc.md) _Context: Parliament, Prime Minister of Australia, Tony Abbott_
2. [New analysis by the Australian Transport Safety Bureau suggests that no-one was controlling Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 as it plunged into the southern Indian Ocean in 2014. ](/news/2016/11/2/new-analysis-by-the-australian-transport-safety-bureau-suggests-that-no-one-was-controlling-malaysia-airlines-flight-370-as-it-plunged-into.md) _Context: Indian Ocean, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
3. [Australians vote to elect a government for the next three years.  Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, leader of the conservative Liberal Party-led Coalition, dissolved both houses of Parliament in May in a bid for a Senate more friendly to his agenda. The final result showed the Coalition with a bare 1 seat majority in the House with 76 seats and the Australian Labor Party with 69 seats. ](/news/2016/07/2/australians-vote-to-elect-a-government-for-the-next-three-years-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-leader-of-the-conservative-liberal-party.md) _Context: Parliament, Prime Minister of Australia_
4. [  Prime Minister of Australia Malcolm Turnbull has called a historic double dissolution election with both houses of Parliament being dissolved and an election to be held on July 2. ](/news/2016/05/8/prime-minister-of-australia-malcolm-turnbull-has-called-a-historic-double-dissolution-election-with-both-houses-of-parliament-being-dissol.md) _Context: Parliament, Prime Minister of Australia_
5. [In Tokyo, Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull says his country is "very disappointed" with Japan's decision to resume whaling, but this dispute should not be allowed to hurt the two countries' special strategic ties. Malcolm Turnbull, who replaced Tony Abbott in September,  is on his first visit to Japan which will include talks with Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe. ](/news/2015/12/18/in-tokyo-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-says-his-country-is-avery-disappointeda-with-japanas-decision-to-resume-whaling.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Australia, Tony Abbott_
6. [Malcolm Turnbull launches a challenge for the leadership of the Liberal Party of Australia against incumbent Prime Minister Tony Abbott and wins 54&ndash;44. ](/news/2015/09/14/malcolm-turnbull-launches-a-challenge-for-the-leadership-of-the-liberal-party-of-australia-against-incumbent-prime-minister-tony-abbott-and.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Australia, Tony Abbott_
7. [Malaysian Airlines Flight 370:Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak confirms that the plane debris recovered from Reunion Island on July 29 is from Flight 370. This is the first direct evidence that the missing March 2014 flight crashed. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott says that the search for MH370 will continue. ](/news/2015/08/5/malaysian-airlines-flight-370-pmalaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-confirms-that-the-plane-debris-recovered-from-reunion-island-on-july-29.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Australia, Tony Abbott_
8. [Debris found near the Indian Ocean island of Reunion is consistent with material from a Boeing 777 and is being examined to confirm whether it is from Malaysia Airlines Flight 370. ](/news/2015/07/29/debris-found-near-the-indian-ocean-island-of-ra-c-union-is-consistent-with-material-from-a-boeing-777-and-is-being-examined-to-confirm-whether.md) _Context: Indian Ocean, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
9. [The Prime Minister of Australia Tony Abbott issues a last-minute plea for Bali Nine drug smugglers Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran facing the death penalty in Indonesia. ](/news/2015/02/14/the-prime-minister-of-australia-tony-abbott-issues-a-last-minute-plea-for-bali-nine-drug-smugglers-andrew-chan-and-myuran-sukumaran-facing-t.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Australia, Tony Abbott_
10. [Without recovering any physical evidence, including the data recorders, Malaysia officially declares the loss of Flight 370 over the Indian Ocean an accident meaning that victims families can seek compensation. ](/news/2015/01/29/without-recovering-any-physical-evidence-including-the-data-recorders-malaysia-officially-declares-the-loss-of-flight-370-over-the-indian.md) _Context: Indian Ocean, Malaysia Airlines Flight 370_
