### [2014-03-20](/news/2014/03/20/index.md)

# The Chancellor of Germany, Angela Merkel, announces the possibility of further sanctions from the European Union against Russia for the invasion and annexation of Crimea. 

German Chancellor Angela Merkel says Russia will face escalating EU sanctions if it does not take steps to ease the crisis over Crimea.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-26659578)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/03/20/us-ukraine-crisis-obama-idUSBREA2J1ER20140320)

### Related:

1. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel invites the presidents of Russia, Ukraine, and France to meet tomorrow in Berlin to discuss peace efforts in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2016/10/18/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-invites-the-presidents-of-russia-ukraine-and-france-to-meet-tomorrow-in-berlin-to-discuss-peace-efforts-in.md) _Context: Angela Merkel's, German Chancellor, Russia_
2. [European Union leaders advise  the United Kingdom that, after their EU exit, to retain access to the bloc's lucrative single market, the UK must allow free movement for EU workers. German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande reiterated that freedom of movement of EU citizens is non-negotiable. ](/news/2016/06/29/european-union-leaders-advise-the-united-kingdom-that-after-their-eu-exit-to-retain-access-to-the-bloc-s-lucrative-single-market-the-uk.md) _Context: Angela Merkel's, European Union, German Chancellor_
3. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel,  European Council President Donald Tusk, and European Commission Vice-President Frans Timmermans meet with Syrian refugees at a camp in the southeastern Turkish town of Nizip prior to talks with a delegation led by Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. Davutoglu stresses the importance of implementation of European Union visa liberalization for Turkish citizens in assuring the success of Europe's  migrant readmission agreement with his country. Tusk announces that the EU will spend 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) this summer on projects to improve the lives of Syrian migrants. ](/news/2016/04/23/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-european-council-president-donald-tusk-and-european-commission-vice-president-frans-timmermans-meet-with.md) _Context: Angela Merkel's, European Union, German Chancellor_
4. [ German Chancellor Angela Merkel announces a plan  to register and distribute incoming refugees evenly throughout the European Union. Refugees would be stopped at EU borders, have  their application processed, and then, if accepted, sent to one of the Union's 28 member states. ](/news/2015/11/3/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-announces-a-plan-to-register-and-distribute-incoming-refugees-evenly-throughout-the-european-union-refuge.md) _Context: Angela Merkel's, European Union, German Chancellor_
5. [2014 Crimean crisis:The Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe suspends Russia's right to vote and take part in election observations as a consequence to its annexation of Crimea. ](/news/2014/04/10/2014-crimean-crisis-pthe-parliamentary-assembly-of-the-council-of-europe-suspends-russia-s-right-to-vote-and-take-part-in-election-observati.md) _Context: 2014 Crimean crisis, Crimea, Russia_
6. [2014 Crimean crisis:The General Assembly of the United Nations passes a motion condemning the Russian annexation of Crimea. ](/news/2014/03/27/2014-crimean-crisis-pthe-general-assembly-of-the-united-nations-passes-a-motion-condemning-the-russian-annexation-of-crimea.md) _Context: 2014 Crimean crisis, Crimea, Russia_
7. [2014 Crimean Crisis:The Russian Federation Council, the upper house of the Federal Assembly, approves the annexation of Crimea. ](/news/2014/03/21/2014-crimean-crisis-pthe-russian-federation-council-the-upper-house-of-the-federal-assembly-approves-the-annexation-of-crimea.md) _Context: 2014 Crimean crisis, Crimea, Russia_
8. [2014 Crimean crisis - Japan announces it will fall in line with American sanctions against Russia for its role in promoting the secession of Crimea from Ukraine. ](/news/2014/03/18/2014-crimean-crisis-japan-announces-it-will-fall-in-line-with-american-sanctions-against-russia-for-its-role-in-promoting-the-secession-of.md) _Context: 2014 Crimean crisis, Crimea, Russia_
9. [British Prime Minister David Cameron travels to Berlin to discuss his demands for sweeping reform of the European Union with German Chancellor Angela Merkel. ](/news/2013/04/12/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-travels-to-berlin-to-discuss-his-demands-for-sweeping-reform-of-the-european-union-with-german-chancell.md) _Context: Angela Merkel's, European Union, German Chancellor_
10. [Eurozone debt crisis:Nicolas Sarkozy, the President of France, and Angela Merkel, the Chancellor of Germany, call for a new European Union Treaty to help prevent future Eurozone crises. ](/news/2011/12/5/eurozone-debt-crisis-pnicolas-sarkozy-the-president-of-france-and-angela-merkel-the-chancellor-of-germany-call-for-a-new-european-union.md) _Context: Angela Merkel's, European Union, German Chancellor_
