### [2014-03-20](/news/2014/03/20/index.md)

# United States Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid orders an investigation into the breach by the CIA into the United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence's computer systems. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/03/20/usa-cia-interrogations-idUSL2N0MH0PU20140320)

### Related:

1. [The Democrat-controlled United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence releases a report critical of the post-September 11 Bush Administration-era CIA interrogation techniques used to extract intelligence from captured Al-Qaeda operatives. The Obama Administration places US embassies around the world on high alert. ](/news/2014/12/9/the-democrat-controlled-united-states-senate-select-committee-on-intelligence-releases-a-report-critical-of-the-post-september-11-bush-admin.md) _Context: CIA, United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence_
2. [James Comey, the former FBI Director who was dismissed by President Donald Trump last month, appears before the United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. Comey says he believes he was fired because of the FBI investigation into the possible collusion between President Trump's campaign team and Russia's interference in the 2016 elections.](/news/2017/06/8/james-comey-the-former-fbi-director-who-was-dismissed-by-president-donald-trump-last-month-appears-before-the-united-states-senate-select.md) _Context: United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence_
3. [According to sources familiar with his decision, former U.S. National Security Advisor Michael Flynn invokes his Fifth Amendment protection against self-incrimination and declines to comply with a subpoena from the Senate Intelligence Committee investigating possible Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election. ](/news/2017/05/22/according-to-sources-familiar-with-his-decision-former-u-s-national-security-advisor-michael-flynn-invokes-his-fifth-amendment-protection.md) _Context: United States Senate Select Committee on Intelligence_
4. [The CIA has concluded that Russia actively tried to help Donald Trump win the 2016 U.S. presidential election. ](/news/2016/12/9/the-cia-has-concluded-that-russia-actively-tried-to-help-donald-trump-win-the-2016-u-s-presidential-election.md) _Context: CIA_
5. [U.S. Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nevada) announces he will not seek re-election to the United States Senate and intends to retire at the end of his term in January 2017. ](/news/2015/03/27/u-s-senate-minority-leader-harry-reid-d-nevada-announces-he-will-not-seek-re-election-to-the-united-states-senate-and-intends-to-retire-a.md) _Context: Harry Reid_
6. [In Peshawar, an unknown assailant shoots and kills Pakistani lawyer Samiullah Afridi, who had defended Dr. Shakil Afridi (in regards to assisting CIA agents hunt al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden), with two Pakistan militant groups, Jundullah and Jamaatul Ahrar, both claiming responsibility. ](/news/2015/03/17/in-peshawar-an-unknown-assailant-shoots-and-kills-pakistani-lawyer-samiullah-afridi-who-had-defended-dr-shakil-afridi-in-regards-to-assi.md) _Context: CIA_
7. [The US Eastern District Court of Virginia convicts a disgruntled former CIA officer, Jeffrey Alexander Sterling, of leaking secrets to a reporter. All nine charges he faced stem from a secret CIA mission to derail Iran's nuclear weapons program. ](/news/2015/01/26/the-us-eastern-district-court-of-virginia-convicts-a-disgruntled-former-cia-officer-jeffrey-alexander-sterling-of-leaking-secrets-to-a-rep.md) _Context: CIA_
8. [The White House accidentally reveals the name of the CIA's top intelligence official in Afghanistan to approximately 6,000 journalists during U.S. President Barack Obama's visit to Bagram Airfield.  ](/news/2014/05/27/the-white-house-accidentally-reveals-the-name-of-the-cia-s-top-intelligence-official-in-afghanistan-to-approximately-6-000-journalists-durin.md) _Context: CIA_
9. [United States Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-NV) is hospitalized after falling ill. ](/news/2013/12/20/united-states-senate-majority-leader-harry-reid-d-nv-is-hospitalized-after-falling-ill.md) _Context: Harry Reid_
10. [Newly declassified CIA documents show that top officials in the Reagan administration agreed to give Iraq information on the location of Iranian troops during the Iran-Iraq War despite awareness of Saddam Hussein's intention to use chemical weapons. ](/news/2013/08/26/newly-declassified-cia-documents-show-that-top-officials-in-the-reagan-administration-agreed-to-give-iraq-information-on-the-location-of-ira.md) _Context: CIA_
