### [2013-10-10](/news/2013/10/10/index.md)

# The Prime Minister of Libya Ali Zeidan is kidnapped from a hotel in Tripoli but later released. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via France 24](http://www.france24.com/en/breaking/20131010-libyan-pm-ali-zeidan-has-been-released?ns_campaign=al_en&ns_mchannel=email_marketing&ns_source=AL_20131010_1244&ns_linkname=20131010_breaking_news&ns_fee=0&f24_member_id=1080960490882)
2. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/africaandindianocean/libya/10368524/Libyan-prime-minister-kidnapped-by-gunmen.html)

### Related:

1. [The Libyan Parliament sacks Prime Minister Ali Zeidan and appoints former defense secretary Abdullah al-Thani as acting prime minister. ](/news/2014/03/11/the-libyan-parliament-sacks-prime-minister-ali-zeidan-and-appoints-former-defense-secretary-abdullah-al-thani-as-acting-prime-minister.md) _Context: Ali Zeidan, Libyan Prime Minister_
2. [Baghdadi Mahmudi, a former Prime Minister of Libya, under Muammar Gaddafi, goes on trial in Tripoli charged with "acts that led to the unjust killing of Libyans". ](/news/2012/12/10/baghdadi-mahmudi-a-former-prime-minister-of-libya-under-muammar-gaddafi-goes-on-trial-in-tripoli-charged-with-acts-that-led-to-the-unjus.md) _Context: Libyan Prime Minister, Tripoli_
3. [The president of Libya's newly elected legislative congress, Mohamed Yousef el-Magariaf, calls the prime minister to an emergency meeting, after Saturday's bulldozing of the Sidi el-Sha'ab mausoleum in Tripoli by unnamed organized assailants. ](/news/2012/08/26/the-president-of-libya-s-newly-elected-legislative-congress-mohamed-yousef-el-magariaf-calls-the-prime-minister-to-an-emergency-meeting-a.md) _Context: Libyan Prime Minister, Tripoli_
4. [The President of Tunisia, Moncef Marzouki, states that Tunisia is prepared to extradite former Prime Minister of Libya Baghdadi Mahmudi to Tripoli to face charges of abuse of office, if the Libyan government can guarantee a fair trial. ](/news/2012/01/2/the-president-of-tunisia-moncef-marzouki-states-that-tunisia-is-prepared-to-extradite-former-prime-minister-of-libya-baghdadi-mahmudi-to-t.md) _Context: Libyan Prime Minister, Tripoli_
5. [Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, son of late Muammar Gaddafi, is released in Zintan after requests from the eastern Libya-based government. He is sought by the International Criminal Court and was condemned to the death penalty by the Tripoli-based government. His whereabouts are now unknown. ](/news/2017/06/11/saif-al-islam-gaddafi-son-of-late-muammar-gaddafi-is-released-in-zintan-after-requests-from-the-eastern-libya-based-government-he-is-soug.md) _Context: Tripoli_
6. [A motorcade carrying prime minister Fayez al-Sarraj of the internationally recognized Government of National Accord, is attacked by unidentified gunmen in Tripoli. There were no injuries reported. ](/news/2017/02/20/a-motorcade-carrying-prime-minister-fayez-al-sarraj-of-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-national-accord-is-attacked-by-unidenti.md) _Context: Tripoli_
7. [ At least eight are killed in clashes in Tripoli, Libya. ](/news/2016/12/2/at-least-eight-are-killed-in-clashes-in-tripoli-libya.md) _Context: Tripoli_
8. [A Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) ship rescues 209 people, including 50 children, from two dinghies in distress in the Mediterranean Sea but finds 22 dead bodies, 21 women and a child, lying in a pool of fuel in the bottom of one of the boats. The dinghies were 17 miles east of Tripoli, Libya. Cause of death is unknown, though an MSF official says it could be that fumes from mixed fuel and water rendered the people unconscious. The MSF ship is expected to arrive in the Sicilian port of Trapani on Friday.](/news/2016/07/20/a-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-ship-rescues-209-people-including-50-children-from-two-dinghies-in-distress-in-the.md) _Context: Tripoli_
9. [The self-declared National Salvation government, one of the rival governments of Libya, resigns and gives up power to the UN-backed Libyan Presidential Council in Tripoli. ](/news/2016/04/6/the-self-declared-national-salvation-government-one-of-the-rival-governments-of-libya-resigns-and-gives-up-power-to-the-un-backed-libyan-p.md) _Context: Tripoli_
10. [The unrecognized House of Representatives, one of the rival governments based in eastern Libya, ships its first cargo of crude oil in defiance of the U.N.-backed authorities in the capital Tripoli in a move that could deepen divisions within the country. The Tripoli-based government asked the United Nations Security Council yesterday to blacklist the tanker. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-unrecognized-house-of-representatives-one-of-the-rival-governments-based-in-eastern-libya-ships-its-first-cargo-of-crude-oil-in-defian.md) _Context: Tripoli_
