### [2007-08-15](/news/2007/08/15/index.md)

#  Ali Mohammed Ghedi, the interim Prime Minister of Somalia, says he plans to create a Green Zone in Mogadishu and criticizes the United Nations for giving "so much emphasis on Darfur and not to Somalia". 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/africa/6947370.stm)

### Related:

1. [Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed, Prime Minister of the United Nations-backed Transitional Federal Government of Somalia, calls on UN agencies basing themselves in Kenya for safety reasons to move to Mogadishu within three months, citing the presence of UN agencies in "more dangerous" cities such as Kabul and Baghdad. ](/news/2011/04/5/mohamed-abdullahi-mohamed-prime-minister-of-the-united-nations-backed-transitional-federal-government-of-somalia-calls-on-un-agencies-basi.md) _Context: Mogadishu, Prime Minister of Somalia, Somalia, United Nations_
2. [ A bomb explosion near a convoy of cars carrying Somalia's Prime Minister Ali Mohammed Ghedi in Mogadishu. Although the PM escapes unhurt, 9 people have been killed and 20 others wounded. [http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L06777799.htm (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 20:57, 14 January 2007 (UTC)) ](/news/2005/11/6/a-bomb-explosion-near-a-convoy-of-cars-carrying-somalia-s-prime-minister-ali-mohammed-ghedi-in-mogadishu-although-the-pm-escapes-unhurt-9.md) _Context: Ali Mohammed Ghedi, Mogadishu, Prime Minister of Somalia, Somalia_
3. [The United Nations World Food Programme prepares an airlift to Mogadishu in Somalia to help relieve the 2011 Horn of Africa famine. ](/news/2011/07/27/the-united-nations-world-food-programme-prepares-an-airlift-to-mogadishu-in-somalia-to-help-relieve-the-2011-horn-of-africa-famine.md) _Context: Mogadishu, Somalia, United Nations_
4. [ The African Union says a twin bombing that killed 17 peacekeepers on its base in Mogadishu, Somalia, was conducted in UN marked cars. ](/news/2009/09/18/the-african-union-says-a-twin-bombing-that-killed-17-peacekeepers-on-its-base-in-mogadishu-somalia-was-conducted-in-un-marked-cars.md) _Context: Mogadishu, Somalia, United Nations_
5. [ The United Nations says around 204,000 people have fled violence in Mogadishu, Somalia as a result of a militant offensive against government forces. ](/news/2009/07/7/the-united-nations-says-around-204-000-people-have-fled-violence-in-mogadishu-somalia-as-a-result-of-a-militant-offensive-against-governme.md) _Context: Mogadishu, Somalia, United Nations_
6. [ War in Somalia: Somali Prime Minister Ali Mohammed Ghedi modifies the roster of the Transitional Federal Government by removing army chief-of-staff Ismail Qasim Naji and assigning him as ambassador to Oman, while also appointing new ambassadors to Kenya, Djibouti, and Yemen. Meanwhile, the Somali People's Resistance Movement emerges as an insurgency movement out of the underground members of the Islamic Courts Union. ](/news/2007/02/10/war-in-somalia-somali-prime-minister-ali-mohammed-ghedi-modifies-the-roster-of-the-transitional-federal-government-by-removing-army-chief.md) _Context: Ali Mohammed Ghedi, Prime Minister of Somalia, Somalia_
7. [ An explosion in a football stadium in Mogadishu, Somalia kills 15 people when new prime minister Ali Mohammed Ghedi begins his speech. Authorities later state that a security guard accidentally set off a grenade. ](/news/2005/05/3/an-explosion-in-a-football-stadium-in-mogadishu-somalia-kills-15-people-when-new-prime-minister-ali-mohammed-ghedi-begins-his-speech-auth.md) _Context: Ali Mohammed Ghedi, Mogadishu, Somalia_
8. [A United States Navy SEAL is killed, becoming the first U.S. service member killed in Somalia since 1993, and three others are injured in a gunfight with al-Shabaab militants, west of Mogadishu. ](/news/2017/05/6/a-united-states-navy-seal-is-killed-becoming-the-first-u-s-service-member-killed-in-somalia-since-1993-and-three-others-are-injured-in-a.md) _Context: Mogadishu, Somalia_
9. [Somali Public Works Minister Abbas Abdullahi Sheikh Siraji is shot and killed inside his vehicle by security forces near the Villa Somalia in the capital Mogadishu, after mistaking him for a militant. ](/news/2017/05/3/somali-public-works-minister-abbas-abdullahi-sheikh-siraji-is-shot-and-killed-inside-his-vehicle-by-security-forces-near-the-villa-somalia-i.md) _Context: Mogadishu, Somalia_
10. [At least 110 people have died of starvation in the drought-hit region of Bay, Somalia, in the past 48 hours, according to Prime Minister Hassan Ali Khayre. This comes as the United Nations and various non-governmental organizations are warning of potential famine in the country. ](/news/2017/03/4/at-least-110-people-have-died-of-starvation-in-the-drought-hit-region-of-bay-somalia-in-the-past-48-hours-according-to-prime-minister-has.md) _Context: Somalia, United Nations_
