### [2007-08-15](/news/2007/08/15/index.md)

#  President of the United States George W. Bush, President of Mexico Felipe Calderon and the Prime Minister of Canada Stephen Harper to meet later this month under the North American Security and Prosperity Partnership (SPP) mechanism to discuss economic and security issues. 




### Source:

1. [China View](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/2007-08/16/content_6541110.htm)

### Related:

1. [ U.S. President Barack Obama meets with Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper in Ottawa. ](/news/2009/02/19/u-s-president-barack-obama-meets-with-canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-in-ottawa.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Stephen Harper, United States President_
2. [ A summit between US president George W. Bush, Canadian prime minister Stephen Harper, Mexican president Felipe Caldern, and about 30 CEOs from the three countries begins in the resort town of Montebello, Quebec, near Ottawa. The talks will deal with the Security and Prosperity Partnership of North America. Protesters representing a variety of issues hold demonstrations regarding the exclusion of civil society from the talks and the secrecy of the process; police respond with tear gas. ](/news/2007/08/20/a-summit-between-us-president-george-w-bush-canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-mexican-president-felipe-calderon-and-about-30-ceos.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Security and Prosperity Partnership of North America, Stephen Harper_
3. [ Demonstrators in Mexico City clash with police as U.S. President George W. Bush meets with Mexican President Felipe Calderon in Merida, Yucatan. ](/news/2007/03/13/demonstrators-in-mexico-city-clash-with-police-as-u-s-president-george-w-bush-meets-with-mexican-president-felipe-caldera3n-in-ma-c-rida-y.md) _Context: Felipe Calderon, George W. Bush, President_
4. [U.S. President George W. Bush holds talks with Prime Minister Paul Martin of Canada in his first official visit to the country and agrees to work together to combat terrorism. ](/news/2004/12/1/u-s-president-george-w-bush-holds-talks-with-prime-minister-paul-martin-of-canada-in-his-first-official-visit-to-the-country-and-agrees-to.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, George W. Bush, United States President_
5. [The George W. Bush Presidential Center in Dallas, Texas, is dedicated in the presence of President of the United States Barack Obama, former president George W. Bush and all living former presidents. The complex will be opened to the public on May 1. ](/news/2013/04/25/the-george-w-bush-presidential-center-in-dallas-texas-is-dedicated-in-the-presence-of-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-former.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States President_
6. [U.S. news magazine ''Time'' selects U.S. President Barack Obama as its 2012 Person of the Year, following on from his 2008 award, and those of his predecessors George W. Bush in 2000 and 2004, Bill Clinton in 1992 and 1998, George H. W. Bush in 1990, Ronald Reagan in 1980 and 1983, Jimmy Carter in 1976, Richard Nixon in 1971 and 1972 and Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964 and 1967. ](/news/2012/12/19/u-s-news-magazine-time-selects-u-s-president-barack-obama-as-its-2012-person-of-the-year-following-on-from-his-2008-award-and-those.md) _Context: George W. Bush, United States President_
7. [Felipe Calderon, the President of Mexico, asks Joe Biden, the vice-President of the United States for assistance in stopping the flow of money and weapons into Mexico. ](/news/2012/03/5/felipe-caldera3n-the-president-of-mexico-asks-joe-biden-the-vice-president-of-the-united-states-for-assistance-in-stopping-the-flow-of-mo.md) _Context: Felipe Calderon, President_
8. [The minority government led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper is reprimanded by the Canadian House of Commons for failing to produce documents but avoids a no confidence motion. ](/news/2011/03/9/the-minority-government-led-by-prime-minister-stephen-harper-is-reprimanded-by-the-canadian-house-of-commons-for-failing-to-produce-document.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Stephen Harper_
9. [The minority of the Conservative Party of Canada led by Prime Minister Stephen Harper is defeated in a no confidence motion in the House of Commons with an election to be held in early May. ](/news/2011/03/25/the-minority-of-the-conservative-party-of-canada-led-by-prime-minister-stephen-harper-is-defeated-in-a-no-confidence-motion-in-the-house-of.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Stephen Harper_
10. [Carlos Pascual resigns as United States Ambassador to Mexico due in part to tensions with the President of Mexico Felipe Calderon. ](/news/2011/03/19/carlos-pascual-resigns-as-united-states-ambassador-to-mexico-due-in-part-to-tensions-with-the-president-of-mexico-felipe-caldera3n.md) _Context: Felipe Calderon, President_
