### [2007-08-15](/news/2007/08/15/index.md)

#  Six Italians are found shot to death in the town of Duisburg, Germany. Police say they were connected to 'Ndrangheta. 

Six people were found fatally shot in the town of Duisburg in western Germany, police said Wednesday.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/6947247.stm)
2. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,293289,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Ernesto Fazzalari, Italy's second most-wanted fugitive and member of 'Ndrangheta, is arrested by the Carabinieri near Molochio in Calabria, Southern Italy, after two decades on the run. Interior Minister Angelino Alfano described Fazzalari as "one of the most important fugitives and a leading underworld figure". ](/news/2016/06/26/ernesto-fazzalari-italy-s-second-most-wanted-fugitive-and-member-of-ndrangheta-is-arrested-by-the-carabinieri-near-molochio-in-calabria.md) _Context: 'Ndrangheta, Italian_
2. [Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-berlin-to-discuss-the-consequences-of-the-united-kin.md) _Context: Germany, Italian_
3. [Austria plans to deploy soldiers on its border with Italy to stem an expected increase in migrants trying to get to northern Europe, according to Austrian Defence Minister Hans Peter Doskozil. "As the EU's external borders are not yet effectively protected, Austria will soon ramp up strict border controls. That means massive border controls on the Brenner Pass, and with soldiers," Doskozil told German daily newspaper ''Die Welt''. ](/news/2016/04/2/austria-plans-to-deploy-soldiers-on-its-border-with-italy-to-stem-an-expected-increase-in-migrants-trying-to-get-to-northern-europe-accordi.md) _Context: Germany, Italian_
4. [Acting on requests from neighboring Italy, Swiss authorities  arrest 15 people sought  as suspected members of the 'Ndrangheta organized crime syndicate,  a Mafia-type organization  centered in Calabria, Italy. ](/news/2016/03/8/acting-on-requests-from-neighboring-italy-swiss-authorities-arrest-15-people-sought-as-suspected-members-of-the-ndrangheta-organized-cri.md) _Context: 'Ndrangheta, Italian_
5. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Germany, Italian_
6. [More than a dozen alleged ISIS-linked, terrorist members of Rawti Shax, a European offshoot of the Iraqi Kurdish jihadist network Ansar al-Islam,  are arrested in a coordinated, multi-nation sweep by police across Europe. The operation  dismantled an integrated cell in Italy, the United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, and Germany.  The group is accused of radicalizing fighters, planning attacks  targeting Norwegian and British diplomats in the Middle East, and planning to establish a caliphate in Iraq's Kurdistan region. ](/news/2015/11/12/more-than-a-dozen-alleged-isis-linked-terrorist-members-of-rawti-shax-a-european-offshoot-of-the-iraqi-kurdish-jihadist-network-ansar-al-i.md) _Context: Germany, Italian_
7. [The Italian Coast Guard states that at least 17 people have died and 4,200 have been rescued in the Mediterranean Sea attempting to travel to Europe in the past 24 hours. Ships from nations including Italy, Republic of Ireland, Germany, Belgium and the United Kingdom have been involved in rescue efforts. ](/news/2015/05/30/the-italian-coast-guard-states-that-at-least-17-people-have-died-and-4-200-have-been-rescued-in-the-mediterranean-sea-attempting-to-travel-t.md) _Context: Germany, Italian_
8. [The Eurozone records its sixth straight quarter of recession with France, Italy and Spain all recording negative growth and Germany growing weakly. ](/news/2013/05/15/the-eurozone-records-its-sixth-straight-quarter-of-recession-with-france-italy-and-spain-all-recording-negative-growth-and-germany-growing.md) _Context: Germany, Italian_
9. [2013 meat adulteration scandal: German authorities find horse meat in lasagne sold in Germany, as in Italy further tests will be conducted soon. ](/news/2013/02/14/2013-meat-adulteration-scandal-pgerman-authorities-find-horse-meat-in-lasagne-sold-in-germany-as-in-italy-further-tests-will-be-conducted.md) _Context: Germany, Italian_
10. [Italian police seek to arrest 41 alleged members of the 'ndrangheta crime syndicate based in Calabria with suspects also sought in Germany, Canada and Australia. ](/news/2011/03/8/italian-police-seek-to-arrest-41-alleged-members-of-the-ndrangheta-crime-syndicate-based-in-calabria-with-suspects-also-sought-in-germany.md) _Context: 'Ndrangheta, Germany_
