### [2007-08-15](/news/2007/08/15/index.md)

#  The Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon orders a full evaluation of the needs of North Korea after severe floods hit the country. Up to 300,000 people may have been left homeless. 

North Korean authorities have indicated flooding may have left up to 300,000 people homeless, a U.N. aid agency spokesman said on Wednesday, while the communist state warned of a poor harvest this year due to the heavy rain.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/6947230.stm)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idUSSEO14609020070815?feedType=RSS&feedName=topNews)

### Related:

1. [Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon warns that North Korea is headed for a "chronic" food crisis with droughts and floods in various parts of the country. ](/news/2010/10/22/secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-ban-ki-moon-warns-that-north-korea-is-headed-for-a-chronic-food-crisis-with-droughts-and-floods-in.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, North Korea, Secretary General, flood_
2. [North KoreaNorth Korea abruptly cancels an invitation for Ban Ki-moon, the Secretary-General of the United Nations, to visit. ](/news/2015/05/20/north-koreapnorth-korea-abruptly-cancels-an-invitation-for-ban-ki-moon-the-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-to-visit.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, North Korea, Secretary General_
3. [United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon  temporarily removes the Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen from a U.N. blacklist for violating children's rights because its supporters threatened to stop funding many U.N. programs. ](/news/2016/06/9/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-temporarily-removes-the-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-from-a-u-n-blacklist-for-viol.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
4. [Former New Zealand prime minister Helen Clark is running for Secretary-General of the United Nations, to succeed Ban Ki-moon whose second term expires at the end of this year. Clark, who is the first non-European and fourth woman among the eight announced candidates, was prime minister for nine years (1999-2008) and has been Administrator of the United Nations Development Programme since April 2009. The United Nations Trusteeship Council will begin preliminary meetings with candidates next week in New York City. ](/news/2016/04/4/former-new-zealand-prime-minister-helen-clark-is-running-for-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-to-succeed-ban-ki-moon-whose-second-te.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
5. [The United Nations Security Council unanimously adopts a resolution setting the stage for the deployment of UN Police to Burundi, where political unrest that has lasted nearly a year killed over 400 people and displaced tens of thousands. The resolution asks Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to present options within 15 days for the deployment of UN police in order to monitor the security situation, promote respect for human rights and advance the rule of law. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-adopts-a-resolution-setting-the-stage-for-the-deployment-of-un-police-to-burundi-where-poli.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
6. [U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says new talks aimed to help end Syria's war shouldn't be held up by wrangling over whether President Bashar Assad stays or goes. ](/news/2015/10/31/u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-new-talks-aimed-to-help-end-syria-s-war-shouldn-t-be-held-up-by-wrangling-over-whether-president-bas.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
7. [U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, during a surprise visit to Jerusalem today, calls for calm ahead of meetings with Israeli and Palestinian leaders in an effort to bring an end to the month-long wave of violence. ](/news/2015/10/20/u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-during-a-surprise-visit-to-jerusalem-today-calls-for-calm-ahead-of-meetings-with-israeli-and-palestinia.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
8. [The Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon calls for a "collective political response" to the crisis as the death toll from the latest boat to sink in the Mediterranean Sea rises to 171. ](/news/2015/08/29/the-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-ban-ki-moon-calls-for-a-collective-political-response-to-the-crisis-as-the-death-toll-from-the.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
9. [Ban Ki-Moon, the Secretary-General of the United Nations, calls for a new investigation into the death of former Secretary-General Dag Hammarskjold in a plane crash after a panel he appointed uncovers new evidence. ](/news/2015/07/6/ban-ki-moon-the-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-calls-for-a-new-investigation-into-the-death-of-former-secretary-general-dag-hamma.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
10. [The Secretary General of the United Nations Ban Ki-Moon announces the creation of an emergency mission to respond to the virus which has killed over 2,500 people in West Africa . ](/news/2014/09/18/the-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-ban-ki-moon-announces-the-creation-of-an-emergency-mission-to-respond-to-the-virus-which-has-kil.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
