### [2007-08-15](/news/2007/08/15/index.md)

#  Tropical Depression Five strengthens into Tropical Storm Erin, causing tropical storm warnings to be issued for parts of Texas and Tamaulipas.  [http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idUSN1522565620070815?src=081507_1351_DOUBLEFEATURE_rove%3A_gop_can_win (Reuters)]. 




### Related:

1. [Mexican Drug War:The Mexican police find 9 mutilated bodies inside a SUV with Texas license plates in the northern state of Tamaulipas, Mexico. ](/news/2013/04/2/mexican-drug-war-pthe-mexican-police-find-9-mutilated-bodies-inside-a-suv-with-texas-license-plates-in-the-northern-state-of-tamaulipas-mex.md) _Context: Tamaulipas, Texas_
2. [Mexico:At least 71 prisoners escape from jail in the Mexican city of Reynosa,  Tamaulipas, across the U.S. border from McAllen, Texas. ](/news/2010/09/10/mexico-pat-least-71-prisoners-escape-from-jail-in-the-mexican-city-of-reynosa-tamaulipas-across-the-u-s-border-from-mcallen-texas.md) _Context: Tamaulipas, Texas_
3. [ 2007 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Dean becomes the first hurricane of the season, threatening the Lesser Antilles, while Tropical Storm Erin threatens Texas. At least five people died in thunderstorms resulting from Erin while another two people went missing. ](/news/2007/08/16/2007-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-dean-becomes-the-first-hurricane-of-the-season-threatening-the-lesser-antilles-while-tropical-s.md) _Context: Texas, Tropical Storm Erin_
4. [ A tropical storm warning is issued for parts of Texas and Mexico following the formation of a tropical depression in the Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2007/08/14/a-tropical-storm-warning-is-issued-for-parts-of-texas-and-mexico-following-the-formation-of-a-tropical-depression-in-the-gulf-of-mexico.md) _Context: Texas, tropical depression_
5. [Arkansas becomes the first U.S. state since Texas in 2000 to hold two executions on the same day as executes convicted murderers Jack Jones, Jr. and Marcel Williams. ](/news/2017/04/24/arkansas-becomes-the-first-u-s-state-since-texas-in-2000-to-hold-two-executions-on-the-same-day-as-executes-convicted-murderers-jack-jones.md) _Context: Texas_
6. [A head on crash between a pickup truck and a church bus outside Garner State Park in the American state of Texas kills at least 12 people and injures 3 others. ](/news/2017/03/29/a-head-on-crash-between-a-pickup-truck-and-a-church-bus-outside-garner-state-park-in-the-american-state-of-texas-kills-at-least-12-people-an.md) _Context: Texas_
7. [Severe  storms, from the weather system that hit Southern California Friday, reach southwest Texas injuring several  people and damaging at least 100 homes with  one confirmed tornado in San Antonio. Heavy rains continue today with flash floods likely as the storm moves to eastern Texas and southern Louisiana. ](/news/2017/02/20/severe-storms-from-the-weather-system-that-hit-southern-california-friday-reach-southwest-texas-injuring-several-people-and-damaging-at.md) _Context: Texas_
8. [In Texas, four children die with an additional six others injured after they are poisoned by phosgene gas sprayed in an inappropriate attempt as a pesticide. ](/news/2017/01/2/in-texas-four-children-die-with-an-additional-six-others-injured-after-they-are-poisoned-by-phosgene-gas-sprayed-in-an-inappropriate-attemp.md) _Context: Texas_
9. [Texas confirms its first case of locally transmitted Zika virus by mosquitoes, becoming the second U.S. state to report a local transmission of the virus after Florida. The Texas Department of State Health Services says the case involves a woman living in Cameron County, who is not pregnant. ](/news/2016/11/28/texas-confirms-its-first-case-of-locally-transmitted-zika-virus-by-mosquitoes-becoming-the-second-u-s-state-to-report-a-local-transmission.md) _Context: Texas_
10. [A Texas jury awards T. Boone Pickens and his Mesa Petroleum partners $140 million as a result of systemic underpayment of profits and ownership from 160 oil wells in Reeves and Pecos counties. ](/news/2016/11/23/a-texas-jury-awards-t-boone-pickens-and-his-mesa-petroleum-partners-140-million-as-a-result-of-systemic-underpayment-of-profits-and-owners.md) _Context: Texas_
