### [2012-02-12](/news/2012/02/12/index.md)

# The Australian town of Walgett, New South Wales, is evacuated due to flood waters. 

The NSW State Emergency Services have issued an evacuation order for people within the Namoi Village at Walgett in northern NSW.


### Source:

1. [AAP via ''Melbourne Age](http://news.theage.com.au/breaking-news-national/flood-evacuation-ordered-in-walgett-20120212-1szkk.html)

### Related:

1. [Cyclone Debbie. The death toll from Cyclone Debbie and the associated flooding in the Australian states of New South Wales and Queensland rises to five people. ](/news/2017/04/2/cyclone-debbie-the-death-toll-from-cyclone-debbie-and-the-associated-flooding-in-the-australian-states-of-new-south-wales-and-queensland-ri.md) _Context: Australia, New South Wales_
2. [The New South Wales Rural Fire Service issues an emergency warning for a bush fire located to the east of Dunedoo in New South Wales, Australia. The warning comes amidst "unprecedented" fire conditions across the region, deemed to be worse than the conditions precipitating the 2009 Black Saturday bushfires in Victoria. ](/news/2017/02/12/the-new-south-wales-rural-fire-service-issues-an-emergency-warning-for-a-bush-fire-located-to-the-east-of-dunedoo-in-new-south-wales-austra.md) _Context: Australia, New South Wales_
3. [Australian east coast low. The search continues for three missing people in the Australian states of New South Wales and Tasmania. Four deaths have so far been confirmed in the Australian Capital Territory, Tasmania and NSW. ](/news/2016/06/7/australian-east-coast-low-the-search-continues-for-three-missing-people-in-the-australian-states-of-new-south-wales-and-tasmania-four-deat.md) _Context: Australia, New South Wales_
4. [Protesters on Norfolk Island, an external territory of Australia, occupy the former Legislative Assembly to protest Australia's termination of the island's autonomy. In July, Norfolk Island is set to become part of the State of New South Wales. ](/news/2016/04/29/protesters-on-norfolk-island-an-external-territory-of-australia-occupy-the-former-legislative-assembly-to-protest-australia-s-termination.md) _Context: Australia, New South Wales_
5. [Terrorism in Australia. Australian police in Sydney arrest two men who, police say, were planning attacks on locations such as naval bases and police headquarters. New South Wales Deputy Police Commissioner Catherine Burn said Wednesday's activity brings the number of people arrested in connection with last year's Operation Appleby to 13. ](/news/2015/12/23/terrorism-in-australia-australian-police-in-sydney-arrest-two-men-who-police-say-were-planning-attacks-on-locations-such-as-naval-bases-a.md) _Context: Australia, New South Wales_
6. [Australian east coast low. The storm in Australia's New South Wales is declared a "catastrophe" with four deaths, heavy flooding and disruption of transport to the state's largest cities Sydney and Newcastle. ](/news/2015/04/22/australian-east-coast-low-the-storm-in-australia-s-new-south-wales-is-declared-a-catastrophe-with-four-deaths-heavy-flooding-and-disrupt.md) _Context: Australia, New South Wales_
7. [New South Wales state election, 2015. Voters in the Australian state of New South Wales go to the polls for a state election with the Liberal-National Coalition led by Mike Baird retaining government. ](/news/2015/03/28/new-south-wales-state-election-2015-voters-in-the-australian-state-of-new-south-wales-go-to-the-polls-for-a-state-election-with-the-libera.md) _Context: Australia, New South Wales_
8. [In Australia, the New South Wales Police charge the Roman Catholic Archbishop of Adelaide, Philip Wilson, with allegedly covering up a child sexual abuse crime committed by another priest, James Fletcher, in the 1970s. ](/news/2015/03/17/in-australia-the-new-south-wales-police-charge-the-roman-catholic-archbishop-of-adelaide-philip-wilson-with-allegedly-covering-up-a-child.md) _Context: Australia, New South Wales_
9. [Barry O'Farrell resigns as Premier of the Australian state of New South Wales after giving misleading evidence to the Independent Commission against Corruption. ](/news/2014/04/16/barry-o-farrell-resigns-as-premier-of-the-australian-state-of-new-south-wales-after-giving-misleading-evidence-to-the-independent-commission.md) _Context: Australia, New South Wales_
10. [Barry O'Farrell, the Premier of the Australian state of New South Wales, declares a state of emergency due to bushfires that have already claimed one life and destroyed hundreds of homes. ](/news/2013/10/20/barry-o-farrell-the-premier-of-the-australian-state-of-new-south-wales-declares-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-bushfires-that-have-already-cl.md) _Context: Australia, New South Wales_
