### [2012-02-12](/news/2012/02/12/index.md)

# The International Air Transport Association calls for the United Nations to intervene in the dispute between the People's Republic of China and the European Union over airlines' involvement in the EU's carbon tax scheme for airlines. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://af.reuters.com/article/energyOilNews/idAFWEA142120120212)

### Related:

1. [The United States vetoes a United Nations Security Council resolution aimed at stopping Israeli airstrikes against Gaza. UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and the United Kingdom, European Union, Russia, France, and China all call for a ceasefire. ](/news/2008/12/28/the-united-states-vetoes-a-united-nations-security-council-resolution-aimed-at-stopping-israeli-airstrikes-against-gaza-un-secretary-genera.md) _Context: China's, EU, United Nations_
2. [The  report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council -- the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union -- calls on Israel to end  settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on  Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, "The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-a-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states-and-the-european-union-a.md) _Context: EU, United Nations_
3. [The European Union offers to help the fledgling new UN-backed Libyan unity government with assistance in its security sector, managing migration, border management and police capacity building. This comes after Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj appealed to foreign governments for help in fighting ISIL and aid to rebuild the country. ](/news/2016/04/19/the-european-union-offers-to-help-the-fledgling-new-un-backed-libyan-unity-government-with-assistance-in-its-security-sector-managing-migra.md) _Context: EU, United Nations_
4. [U.S. diplomats, amid growing  international concern the violence could spiral into an ethnic conflict, push for peace talks in Burundi. The European Union advises non-essential staff to evacuate the Central African nation amid rising violence and an uptick in political rhetoric. The head of the opposition UPRONA group  urges the United Nations to send peacekeepers quickly. Yesterday, the UN Security Council  called on the Burundi Government to protect human rights and cooperate with regional African mediators to immediately convene "an inclusive and genuine inter-Burundian dialogue" to find a peaceful resolution of the crisis. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-diplomats-amid-growing-international-concern-the-violence-could-spiral-into-an-ethnic-conflict-push-for-peace-talks-in-burundi-the.md) _Context: EU, United Nations_
5. [War in Donbass:Russian aid convoys enter eastern Ukraine without permission from the Ukrainian government, sparking condemnation from the US, the EU, and NATO, and prompting the UN to hold an emergency meeting to discuss the action. No other country sent humanitarian aid to the region. ](/news/2014/08/22/war-in-donbass-prussian-aid-convoys-enter-eastern-ukraine-without-permission-from-the-ukrainian-government-sparking-condemnation-from-the-u.md) _Context: EU, United Nations_
6. [The central banks of the European Union, Great Britain, and the People's Republic of China, in what appears to be a co-ordinated action, each loosen their respective monetary systems. ](/news/2012/07/5/the-central-banks-of-the-european-union-great-britain-and-the-people-s-republic-of-china-in-what-appears-to-be-a-co-ordinated-action-eac.md) _Context: China's, EU_
7. [Vice President of Iran Mohammad-Reza Rahimi delivers an anti-Semitic speech at a United Nations conference on the illegal drug trade saying that a central Jewish text, the Talmud, was responsible for the spread of illegal drugs around the world; his speech draws condemnation from U.N. and the European Union diplomats. ](/news/2012/06/28/vice-president-of-iran-mohammad-reza-rahimi-delivers-an-anti-semitic-speech-at-a-united-nations-conference-on-the-illegal-drug-trade-saying.md) _Context: EU, United Nations_
8. [The United Nations Working Group on Arbitrary Detention calls on China to release Liu Xiaobo and his wife. ](/news/2011/08/2/the-united-nations-working-group-on-arbitrary-detention-calls-on-china-to-release-liu-xiaobo-and-his-wife.md) _Context: China's, United Nations_
9. [South Korea announces plans to submit a claim to the United Nations to a larger portion of the East China Sea in a move which is likely to be disputed by the People's Republic of China and Japan. ](/news/2011/07/3/south-korea-announces-plans-to-submit-a-claim-to-the-united-nations-to-a-larger-portion-of-the-east-china-sea-in-a-move-which-is-likely-to-b.md) _Context: China's, United Nations_
10. [China denies claims by the United Nations that 300 Tibetan monks have forcibly disappeared over the past three months. ](/news/2011/06/9/china-denies-claims-by-the-united-nations-that-300-tibetan-monks-have-forcibly-disappeared-over-the-past-three-months.md) _Context: China's, United Nations_
