### [2008-04-7](/news/2008/04/7/index.md)

#  The ''Washington Post'' wins six Pulitzer Prizes including the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service for a series of articles of poor conditions for veterans at the Walter Reed Army Medical Center. 




### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/story/2008/04/07/ST2008040701372.html)

### Related:

1. [Iran releases four Iranian-American prisoners including ''Washington Post'' reporter Jason Rezaian and Christian pastor Saeed Abedini. The United States is to release seven Iranian-Americans held in the United States for violating sanctions against Iran. ](/news/2016/01/16/iran-releases-four-iranian-american-prisoners-including-washington-post-reporter-jason-rezaian-and-christian-pastor-saeed-abedini-the-u.md) _Context: Washington Post_
2. [Iranian Judiciary spokesman Gholamhossein Mohseni Ejei says an Iranian court sentenced ''Washington Post'' reporter Jason Rezaian to a prison term, length unspecified, for espionage. Mohseni Eje said, "I cannot give details." Post foreign editor Douglas Jehl said this might move the case closer to a final resolution in the judiciary, so it can then go to Iranian leaders who can make things right. ](/news/2015/11/22/iranian-judiciary-spokesman-gholamhossein-mohseni-ejei-says-an-iranian-court-sentenced-washington-post-reporter-jason-rezaian-to-a-priso.md) _Context: Washington Post_
3. [Iranian State television reports that court spokesman Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i clarified the Iranian-American reporter's verdict  -- ''Washington Post's'' Jason Rezaian was convicted in a closed-door espionage trial that ended two months ago. Details remain unknown. Rezaian faced four charges; it's not clear whether he was convicted of all charges nor what sentence was imposed.  Leila Ahsan, Rezaian's lawyer, also had not received the verdict as of Sunday. Post executive editor Martin Baron says they will appeal. ](/news/2015/10/12/iranian-state-television-reports-that-court-spokesman-gholam-hossein-mohseni-eje-i-clarified-the-iranian-american-reporter-s-verdict-w.md) _Context: Washington Post_
4. [Iranian Students News Agency reports an undisclosed verdict has been reached in the espionage case of ''Washington Post'' reporter Jason Rezaian, who has been held by Iran for more than 14 months. The final  closed door hearing on Rezaian's case  was on August 10, 2015. By not disclosing details, the Post stated that it seems Tehran could be working a political angle. Last month at the UN, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told journalists he would welcome quicker steps on mutual prisoner releases. ](/news/2015/10/11/iranian-students-news-agency-reports-an-undisclosed-verdict-has-been-reached-in-the-espionage-case-of-washington-post-reporter-jason-rez.md) _Context: Washington Post_
5. [Associated Press reports that there has been a massive hack from the American Office of Personnel Management and US Department of the Interior with the ''Washington Post'' claiming that Chinese hackers were responsible. The records of at least four million US Government workers are believed to have been compromised. ](/news/2015/06/4/associated-press-reports-that-there-has-been-a-massive-hack-from-the-american-office-of-personnel-management-and-us-department-of-the-interi.md) _Context: Washington Post_
6. [Three American citizens have been detained in Iran this week including ''Washington Post'' correspondent Jason Rezaian. Rezaian's Iranian wife Yeganeh Salehi has also been detained. ](/news/2014/07/24/three-american-citizens-have-been-detained-in-iran-this-week-including-washington-post-correspondent-jason-rezaian-rezaian-s-iranian-wi.md) _Context: Washington Post_
7. [The ''Washington Post'' and ''The Guardian'' newspapers win the Pulitzer Prize for Public Service for their stories on the National Security Agency based on leaks from Edward Snowden. ](/news/2014/04/14/the-washington-post-and-the-guardian-newspapers-win-the-pulitzer-prize-for-public-service-for-their-stories-on-the-national-security.md) _Context: Washington Post_
8. [The ''Washington Post'' reports that a US military report into the accidental burning of Qurans at Bagram airfield in Afghanistan that led to widespread protests has found that five US service personnel were involved. ](/news/2012/03/2/the-washington-post-reports-that-a-us-military-report-into-the-accidental-burning-of-qurans-at-bagram-airfield-in-afghanistan-that-led-t.md) _Context: Washington Post_
9. [The ''Washington Post'' reports that United States Senator Jeff Bingaman of New Mexico will announce that he will not contest the 2012 Senate election for New Mexico. ](/news/2011/02/18/the-washington-post-reports-that-united-states-senator-jeff-bingaman-of-new-mexico-will-announce-that-he-will-not-contest-the-2012-senat.md) _Context: Washington Post_
10. [ The ''Washington Post'' reports that the NATO-led Coalition Force in Afghanistan intercepted a shipment of Iranian arms intended for the Taliban. ](/news/2007/09/15/the-washington-post-reports-that-the-nato-led-coalition-force-in-afghanistan-intercepted-a-shipment-of-iranian-arms-intended-for-the-ta.md) _Context: Washington Post_
