### [2004-10-27](/news/2004/10/27/index.md)

#  A vote by the European Parliament over the approval of the new European Commission has been delayed, after incoming president Jose Manuel Barroso asks for more time to reshuffle his team. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/europe/3957625.stm)
2. [EUobserver](http://www.euobserver.com/?sid=9&aid=17641)

### Related:

1. [ The European Parliament approves the new make-up of the European Commission, headed by Jose Manuel Barroso. ](/news/2004/11/18/the-european-parliament-approves-the-new-make-up-of-the-european-commission-headed-by-josa-c-manuel-barroso.md) _Context: European Commission, European Parliament, Jose Manuel Barroso_
2. [The French government calls on former European Commission chief Jose Manuel Barroso not to take a job with investment bank Goldman Sachs, after some EU politicians demanded Barroso be sanctioned for accepting the new position that raises questions about the EU's conflict of interest rules. ](/news/2016/07/14/the-french-government-calls-on-former-european-commission-chief-josa-c-manuel-barroso-not-to-take-a-job-with-investment-bank-goldman-sachs-a.md) _Context: European Commission, Jose Manuel Barroso_
3. [Jose Manuel Barroso, President of the European Commission, says it would be "extremely difficult, if not impossible" for an independent Scotland to join the European Union as it would need the approval of all member states. ](/news/2014/02/16/josa-c-manuel-barroso-president-of-the-european-commission-says-it-would-be-extremely-difficult-if-not-impossible-for-an-independent-sco.md) _Context: European Commission, Jose Manuel Barroso_
4. [In his yearly State of the Union speech at the European Parliament, President of the European Commission Jose Manuel Barroso appeals for more European integration and a supervision mechanism for the 6,000 banks in Europe. ](/news/2012/09/12/in-his-yearly-state-of-the-union-speech-at-the-european-parliament-president-of-the-european-commission-josa-c-manuel-barroso-appeals-for-mo.md) _Context: European Parliament, Jose Manuel Barroso_
5. [ European Parliament lawmakers urge European Commission president Jos Manuel Barroso to suspend Transport Commissioner Jacques Barrot, after it was revealed that Barrot was involved in a party funding scandal in 2000. ](/news/2004/11/22/european-parliament-lawmakers-urge-european-commission-president-jose-manuel-barroso-to-suspend-transport-commissioner-jacques-barrot-afte.md) _Context: European Commission, European Parliament_
6. [ Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi indicates that he will likely withdraw the controversial nomination of Rocco Buttiglione to the European Union Commission which caused deadlock in the European Parliament this week. ](/news/2004/10/30/italian-prime-minister-silvio-berlusconi-indicates-that-he-will-likely-withdraw-the-controversial-nomination-of-rocco-buttiglione-to-the-eu.md) _Context: European Commission, European Parliament_
7. [ European Union leaders formally nominate Portuguese Prime Minister Jose Manuel Barroso to the post of European Commission president. ](/news/2004/06/29/european-union-leaders-formally-nominate-portuguese-prime-minister-josa-c-manuel-barroso-to-the-post-of-european-commission-president.md) _Context: European Commission, Jose Manuel Barroso_
8. [ The European Commission of the European Union has announced that ten countries - Cyprus, the Czech Republic, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Malta, Poland, Slovakia, and Slovenia - have met its criteria for entry, opening the way for an expansion of the EU from 15 member states to 25. The European Parliament has still to consider each candidate individually and the final decision will require the approval of the current member states.](/news/2002/10/9/the-european-commission-of-the-european-union-has-announced-that-ten-countries-a-cyprus-the-czech-republic-estonia-hungary-latvia-li.md) _Context: European Commission, European Parliament_
9. [President of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, holds his annual State of the European Union speech in Strasbourg. ](/news/2017/09/13/president-of-the-european-commission-jean-claude-juncker-holds-his-annual-state-of-the-european-union-speech-in-strasbourg.md) _Context: European Commission_
10. [Polish President Andrzej Duda announces he will veto two judicial reform bills passed by Poland's parliament, which the European Commission said would result in sanctions, and which have generated continuous demonstrations across the country. The ruling Law and Justice Party needs to put together a three-fifths majority to override the veto. ](/news/2017/07/24/polish-president-andrzej-duda-announces-he-will-veto-two-judicial-reform-bills-passed-by-poland-s-parliament-which-the-european-commission.md) _Context: European Commission_
