### [2004-10-27](/news/2004/10/27/index.md)

#  Amnesty International declares the Bush administration to be "guilty of setting conditions for torture and cruel treatment by lowering safeguards and failing to respond adequately to allegations of abuse", amid other criticisms of the "war on terror", which the report says is "violating basic rights in the name of national security" and urged the President and challenger John Kerry to support an independent inquiry into detention and interrogation policies. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6627935&pageNumber=0)

### Related:

1. [ A March 2003 memorandum by US administration lawyers is released, which concludes that President George W. Bush was not bound by international treaty or by federal law against torture because the commander-in-chief had the authority to protect national security. ](/news/2004/06/8/a-march-2003-memorandum-by-us-administration-lawyers-is-released-which-concludes-that-president-george-w-bush-was-not-bound-by-internatio.md) _Context: George W. Bush, national security, torture_
2. [In a report by Amnesty International, the group documents findings of Egyptian officials forcibly making hundreds of people disappear and face torture in the past year in an attempt to crack down on dissent in the country. ](/news/2016/07/13/in-a-report-by-amnesty-international-the-group-documents-findings-of-egyptian-officials-forcibly-making-hundreds-of-people-disappear-and-fa.md) _Context: Amnesty International, torture_
3. [Amnesty International calls on the People's Republic of China to stop the harassment, arbitrary detention and torture of human rights lawyers. ](/news/2011/06/30/amnesty-international-calls-on-the-people-s-republic-of-china-to-stop-the-harassment-arbitrary-detention-and-torture-of-human-rights-lawyer.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Human rights_
4. [In its annual report, Amnesty International says human rights abuses and repression increased in Iran and China last year, the African Union refused to cooperate with the International Criminal Court after it indicted Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir for war crimes in Darfur, the United Nations' Human Rights Council took little action while Sri Lanka's army and Tamil militants both committed potential war crimes, and Israel and the militant group Hamas did not follow up on reports that accused both sides of human rights abuses during the Gaza War. ](/news/2010/05/27/in-its-annual-report-amnesty-international-says-human-rights-abuses-and-repression-increased-in-iran-and-china-last-year-the-african-union.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Human rights_
5. [Amnesty International's Secretary-General sparks a furor by saying that "jihad in self-defense" is not "antithetical" to human rights. ](/news/2010/04/7/amnesty-internationalas-secretary-general-sparks-a-furor-by-saying-that-ajihad-in-self-defensea-is-not-aantitheticala-to-human-rig.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Human rights_
6. [ Russia says it will support whatever decision the people of breakaway republics of Abkhazia and South Ossetia will make during referendum on the future of their land [http://www.iht.com/articles/2008/08/14/europe/15georgia.php ("International Herald Tribune")] [http://www.nytimes.com/2008/08/15/world/europe/15georgia.html ("The New York Times")] Analysts 'see the conflict as a gamble initiated by Georgia, which is seeking EU and NATO membership, to test the strength of its Western allies in the face of Russia's unwillingness to see the West encroaching on its doorstep.' [http://edition.cnn.com/2008/WORLD/europe/08/14/georgia.russia.war/index.html (CNN)] An Amnesty International worldwide movement for human rights reported on August, 14, that the assault of the Georgian Army on Tskhinvali included '14 hours of bombardment' of the city. Amnesty International is still gathering information on the reported heavy civilian casualties, as well as reported bombings of non-military targets leading to deaths of civilians and the destruction of civilian buildings. [http://www.amnesty.org/en/news-and-updates/news/civilians-vulnerable-after-hostilities-georgia-20080814 (Amnesty International)] Russia appeared 'to be handing over a key Georgian city Thursday', U.S. officials said. Senior U.S. General James Cartwright claims that 'Russian forces seemed to be complying with an internationally-mediated cease-fire'. [http://edition.cnn.com/2008/WORLD/europe/08/14/georgia.russia.war/index.html (CNN)] Georgia's Prime Minister Lado Gurgenidze claimed that more than 100 Russian vehicles, some of them armoured, had gathered outside the major western Georgian town of Zugdidi. However, Robert Gates, the US Secretary of Defense, said that the Russian army is 'withdrawing their forces back towards Abkhazia and towards South Ossetia' [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/7561586.stm US warns Russia of lasting impact (BBC News)] Russian forces say they will start to return control of the key town of Gori to Georgia soon. 'For another two days Russian troops will stay in the region to ... hand over control functions to Georgian law-enforcement bodies, after which they will leave," Major-General Vyacheslav Borisov as quoted by Russian news agencies. [http://www.reuters.com/article/GCA-Georgia/idUSLE73186420080814 (Reuters)] Georgian police return to the town of Gori as the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation leave. [http://edition.cnn.com/2008/WORLD/europe/08/14/georgia.russia.war/ (CNN)] AV and MT went to watch Kung fu Panday BBS](/news/2008/08/14/russia-says-it-will-support-whatever-decision-the-people-of-breakaway-republics-of-abkhazia-and-south-ossetia-will-make-during-referendum-o.md) _Context: Amnesty International, Human rights_
7. [ A tape of senior Al Qaeda figure Ayman al-Zawahiri is released in which he brands US President George W. Bush a "lying failure" over the war on terror. He goes on to condemn Pope Benedict XVI as an "impostor" for his recent controversial speech and labels Roman Catholicism a religion "made of myths". ](/news/2006/09/29/a-tape-of-senior-al-qaeda-figure-ayman-al-zawahiri-is-released-in-which-he-brands-us-president-george-w-bush-a-lying-failure-over-the-wa.md) _Context: George W. Bush, War on Terror_
8. [ United States Senate Republicans and the Bush administration announce an agreement on interrogation methods and the trial of suspects in the War on Terror. ](/news/2006/09/21/united-states-senate-republicans-and-the-bush-administration-announce-an-agreement-on-interrogation-methods-and-the-trial-of-suspects-in-th.md) _Context: George W. Bush, War on Terror_
9. [ The case of Khaled el-Masri, who says he was abducted and tortured by the CIA because he was mistaken for another person, is dismissed by a district court in Alexandria, Virginia, as it would be a "grave risk" of damage to U.S. national security by exposing government secrets. The court rules that if the claims are true he "deserves a remedy" but this cannot be found in the court. ](/news/2006/05/19/the-case-of-khaled-el-masri-who-says-he-was-abducted-and-tortured-by-the-cia-because-he-was-mistaken-for-another-person-is-dismissed-by-a.md) _Context: national security, torture_
10. [ Colonel Lawrence Wilkerson, a top aide to former Secretary of State Colin Powell, accused Vice-President Dick Cheney of ignoring a decision by President Bush on the treatment of prisoners in the war on terror. ](/news/2005/11/29/colonel-lawrence-wilkerson-a-top-aide-to-former-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-accused-vice-president-dick-cheney-of-ignoring-a-decision.md) _Context: George W. Bush, War on Terror_
