### [2004-10-27](/news/2004/10/27/index.md)

#  Four British citizens, who were detained at the US military installation in Guantanamo Bay for almost three years, sue the U.S. government for GBP5.5 million ($10 million) each, alleging torture and other human rights violations. The principal defendants are Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld and Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Richard Myers. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/3959635.stm)

### Related:

1. [ United States District Court Judge Thomas Hogan dismisses a case of alleged torture against former United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld brought by nine former prisoners in Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2007/03/27/united-states-district-court-judge-thomas-hogan-dismisses-a-case-of-alleged-torture-against-former-united-states-secretary-of-defense-donal.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld, torture_
2. [ Former United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld is accused of quoting the Bible while briefing then-President George W. Bush. ](/news/2009/05/18/former-united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-is-accused-of-quoting-the-bible-while-briefing-then-president-george-w-bush.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld_
3. [ Leaked Pentagon memo by United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld says US policy in Iraq is "not working well enough or fast enough." ](/news/2006/12/2/leaked-pentagon-memo-by-united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-says-us-policy-in-iraq-is-not-working-well-enough-or-fast-enoug.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld_
4. [ The United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld likens Venezuela's President Hugo Chavez to Adolf Hitler. In retaliation, Venezuelan Vice President Jose Vicente Rangel refers to the US as the Third Reich. ](/news/2006/02/3/the-united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-likens-venezuela-s-president-hugo-cha-vez-to-adolf-hitler-in-retaliation-venezuela.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld_
5. [ Liberal Democrat MEP for London, Sarah Ludford, who is leading a European Parliament investigation into the U.S. policy of "extraordinary rendition", says she may invite Vice President of the United States Dick Cheney, United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld or United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to testify. ](/news/2006/01/26/liberal-democrat-mep-for-london-sarah-ludford-who-is-leading-a-european-parliament-investigation-into-the-u-s-policy-of-extraordinary-r.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld_
6. [ Major areas of the Australian city of Adelaide have been "locked down" ahead of the arrival of United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld for the 17th annual AUS-MIN meeting. ](/news/2005/11/16/major-areas-of-the-australian-city-of-adelaide-have-been-locked-down-ahead-of-the-arrival-of-united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-ru.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld_
7. [ The United Iraqi Alliance, the leading coalition in the new Government of Iraq, demands the death penalty for Saddam Hussein, accused of genocide in Kurdistan as well as torture and other human rights violations in Baghdad. ([http://www.aljazeera.com/me.asp?service_ID=7807 Al Jazeera])](/news/2005/04/19/the-united-iraqi-alliance-the-leading-coalition-in-the-new-government-of-iraq-demands-the-death-penalty-for-saddam-hussein-accused-of-ge.md) _Context: Human rights, torture_
8. [ A report from the International Committee of the Red Cross, recently leaked to the "New York Times", describes the treatment of prisoners at the U.S. base in Guantnamo Bay, Cuba as being "tantamount to torture". The U.S. military disputes this. ](/news/2004/11/30/a-report-from-the-international-committee-of-the-red-cross-recently-leaked-to-the-new-york-times-describes-the-treatment-of-prisoners-a.md) _Context: Camp X-Ray, torture_
9. [ United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld, when asked about connections between Saddam Hussein and al-Qaeda in an interview with the Council on Foreign Relations, states "To my knowledge, I have not seen any strong, hard evidence that links the two". Several hours later he issues a statement saying that he was "regrettably misunderstood" and that there was "solid evidence of the presence in Iraq of al-Qaeda members, including some that have been in Baghdad". ](/news/2004/10/5/united-states-secretary-of-defense-donald-rumsfeld-when-asked-about-connections-between-saddam-hussein-and-al-qaeda-in-an-interview-with-t.md) _Context: Defense Secretary, Donald Rumsfeld_
10. [ Amnesty International declares the Bush administration to be "guilty of setting conditions for torture and cruel treatment by lowering safeguards and failing to respond adequately to allegations of abuse", amid other criticisms of the "war on terror", which the report says is "violating basic rights in the name of national security" and urged the President and challenger John Kerry to support an independent inquiry into detention and interrogation policies. ](/news/2004/10/27/amnesty-international-declares-the-bush-administration-to-be-guilty-of-setting-conditions-for-torture-and-cruel-treatment-by-lowering-safe.md) _Context: Human rights, torture_
