### [2015-08-25](/news/2015/08/25/index.md)

# A Federal Security Service court in Russia sentences Ukrainian film director Oleg Sentsov to 20 years in prison for plotting terrorist acts in Crimea, amid allegations of torture and U.S. claims that he is being held hostage in Russia after having been abducted from Ukraine by Russian-backed separatists. 

A court in Russia sentences Ukrainian film director Oleg Sentsov to 20 years in prison for plotting terrorist acts in Crimea.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-34049595)

### Related:

1. [Ukrainian crisis: Russia's Federal Security Service (FSB) says it has thwarted two armed Ukrainian incursions into Crimea with at least two killed, including one FSB officer, following a "massive fire fight" with "sabotage-terrorist" groups. Ukraine denies the Russian claims. ](/news/2016/08/10/ukrainian-crisis-russia-s-federal-security-service-fsb-says-it-has-thwarted-two-armed-ukrainian-incursions-into-crimea-with-at-least-two.md) _Context: Crimea, Federal Security Service, Russia, Ukraine_
2. [War in Donbass: Russia-Ukraine relations: Ukraine sues Russia at the International Court of Justice, accusing the latter of being engaged in acts of "terrorism" and "discrimination" in eastern Ukraine and Crimea. ](/news/2017/01/16/war-in-donbass-russia-ukraine-relations-ukraine-sues-russia-at-the-international-court-of-justice-accusing-the-latter-of-being-engaged.md) _Context: Crimea, Russia, Ukraine_
3. [Ukrainian crisis: Russian military intervention in Ukraine (2014-present): Ukraine starts a missile test near Crimea, annexed by Russia in 2014, while Russia puts its air-defense and naval forces in the region on high alert. ](/news/2016/12/1/ukrainian-crisis-russian-military-intervention-in-ukraine-2014-present-ukraine-starts-a-missile-test-near-crimea-annexed-by-russia-in.md) _Context: Crimea, Russia, Ukraine_
4. [2014 Crimean crisis - Simferopol Incident: Japan announces it will fall in line with American sanctions against Russia for its role in promoting the secession of Crimea from Ukraine. ](/news/2014/03/18/2014-crimean-crisis-simferopol-incident-japan-announces-it-will-fall-in-line-with-american-sanctions-against-russia-for-its-role-in-promo.md) _Context: Crimea, Russia, Ukraine_
5. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: Federal Security Service, Russia_
6. [Eurovision Song Contest 2017: Russia-Ukraine relations: The Security Service of Ukraine bans Yuliya Samoylova, Russia's entrant in this year's Eurovision Song Contest, from entering the country. This follows allegations that she had toured in Crimea following its annexation by Russia. ](/news/2017/03/22/eurovision-song-contest-2017-russia-ukraine-relations-the-security-service-of-ukraine-bans-yuliya-samoylova-russia-s-entrant-in-this-ye.md) _Context: Crimea, Russia_
7. [War in Donbass: At the Munich Security Conference, a truce between Russian-backed separatists and the Ukrainian army, per the Minsk Protocol, takes effect Monday. Pending a permanent political agreement, Russian President Vladimir Putin orders that civil registration documents issued in separatist-held areas of Donetsk and Luhansk in eastern Ukraine be temporarily recognized. Ukrainian authorities say this violates provisions in the Minsk agreement. This is the third such agreement because the previous two in 2014 and 2015 were violated. Low-level fighting and artillery fire never fully stopped. ](/news/2017/02/18/war-in-donbass-at-the-munich-security-conference-a-truce-between-russian-backed-separatists-and-the-ukrainian-army-per-the-minsk-protocol.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine_
8. [Insurgency in the North Caucasus: The Russian Federal Security Service claims to have killed Rustam Asildarov, the leader of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's Caucasus Province and four other militants in the Dagestan region. ](/news/2016/12/4/insurgency-in-the-north-caucasus-the-russian-federal-security-service-claims-to-have-killed-rustam-asildarov-the-leader-of-the-islamic-sta.md) _Context: Federal Security Service, Russia_
9. [War in Donbass: The European Union extends its main Ukraine-related economic sanctions against Russia for six months until mid-2017. ](/news/2016/12/15/war-in-donbass-the-european-union-extends-its-main-ukraine-related-economic-sanctions-against-russia-for-six-months-until-mid-2017.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine_
10. [War in Donbass: German Chancellor Angela Merkel invites the presidents of Russia, Ukraine, and France to meet tomorrow in Berlin to discuss peace efforts in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2016/10/18/war-in-donbass-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-invites-the-presidents-of-russia-ukraine-and-france-to-meet-tomorrow-in-berlin-to-discuss.md) _Context: Russia, Ukraine_
