### [2015-08-25](/news/2015/08/25/index.md)

# A record number of migrants crossing the Balkans results in a record number of people in Hungary despite the government building a wall on the border with Serbia. 

BUDAPEST, Hungary &amp;#8212; The latest surge of migrants crossing the Balkans has brought a record number to Hungary despite government efforts to quickly build a 4-meter (13-foot) high fence on the


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Columbian](http://www.columbian.com/news/2015/aug/25/record-number-of-migrants-arrive-in-hungary/)
1. [Cover Image](http://16749-presscdn-0-94.pagely.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/themes/columbian/static/img/columbian_c_200x200.png)

### Related:

1. [Macedonia, Serbia, Croatia, and Slovenia shut their borders to so-called economic migrants, those not coming from war-torn countries such as Syria, Afghanistan, or Iraq, leaving thousands stranded at Balkan border crossings. Around 500 migrants from Iran, Morocco, and Algeria gather on the border between Greece and Macedonia to protest the closure. ](/news/2015/11/20/macedonia-serbia-croatia-and-slovenia-shut-their-borders-to-so-called-economic-migrants-those-not-coming-from-war-torn-countries-such-as.md) _Context: Balkans, Serbia_
2. [Hungary's parliament passes a law allowing the Hungarian military to help handle the migrant crisis at its borders with Serbia and Croatia, including the right to use non-lethal force such as rubber bullets, pyrotechnical devices, tear gas grenades or net guns. ](/news/2015/09/21/hungary-s-parliament-passes-a-law-allowing-the-hungarian-military-to-help-handle-the-migrant-crisis-at-its-borders-with-serbia-and-croatia.md) _Context: Hungary, Serbia_
3. [Dozens of migrants reach the border of Serbia and Croatia which has become the new route for migrants denied entry to Hungary. ](/news/2015/09/16/dozens-of-migrants-reach-the-border-of-serbia-and-croatia-which-has-become-the-new-route-for-migrants-denied-entry-to-hungary.md) _Context: Hungary, Serbia_
4. [A historic drought develops in the Balkans causing severe losses to agriculture. Towns in Serbia introduce water restrictions while scorching temperatures fuel hundreds of fires. Russia stations a second fire fighting aircraft to help in Nis. ](/news/2012/08/25/a-historic-drought-develops-in-the-balkans-causing-severe-losses-to-agriculture-towns-in-serbia-introduce-water-restrictions-while-scorchin.md) _Context: Balkans, Serbia_
5. [Sandor Kepiro goes on trial in Hungary for alleged war crimes during World War II while serving with the Hungarian Army in Serbia in 1942. ](/news/2011/05/5/sa-ndor-ka-c-para3-goes-on-trial-in-hungary-for-alleged-war-crimes-during-world-war-ii-while-serving-with-the-hungarian-army-in-serbia-in-194.md) _Context: Hungary, Serbia_
6. [ Republic of Macedonia, Albania and Serbian autonomous province of Kosovo are experiencing blackouts as a result of the 2007 European heatwave that spreads over the Balkans. It also causes bushfires everywhere in the region between Croatia, Hungary, Serbia and Greece. ](/news/2007/07/24/republic-of-macedonia-albania-and-serbian-autonomous-province-of-kosovo-are-experiencing-blackouts-as-a-result-of-the-2007-european-heatwa.md) _Context: Hungary, Serbia_
7. [The European Court of Justice dismisses complaints by Slovakia and Hungary about EU migration policy, upholding Brussels' right to force member states to take in asylum seekers. ](/news/2017/09/6/the-european-court-of-justice-dismisses-complaints-by-slovakia-and-hungary-about-eu-migration-policy-upholding-brusselsa-right-to-force-m.md) _Context: Hungary_
8. [The Government of Hungary has decided to extend the state of emergency declared last year because of the increased migration to and through the country. Government spokesman Zoltan Kovacs stated that strict border controls were still needed because the "threat of terrorism in Europe has increased". ](/news/2017/08/30/the-government-of-hungary-has-decided-to-extend-the-state-of-emergency-declared-last-year-because-of-the-increased-migration-to-and-through.md) _Context: Government of Hungary_
9. [Poles march against a bill that critics say might decrease judicial independence in Poland. Hungary has supported the bill while the European Union has opposed it. The protesters hope that the President Andrzej Duda would intervene against the proposed law. ](/news/2017/07/22/poles-march-against-a-bill-that-critics-say-might-decrease-judicial-independence-in-poland-hungary-has-supported-the-bill-while-the-europea.md) _Context: Hungary_
10. [Serbian president Aleksandar Vucic nominates Ana Brnabic as the next Prime Minister of Serbia. If confirmed by the National Assembly, Brnabic will become Serbia's first female and lesbian Prime Minister. ](/news/2017/06/15/serbian-president-aleksandar-vuaia-nominates-ana-brnabia-as-the-next-prime-minister-of-serbia-if-confirmed-by-the-national-assembly-brn.md) _Context: Serbia_
