### [2008-09-23](/news/2008/09/23/index.md)

#  Japanese investment bank Nomura Holdings acquires the European, Asian and Middle Eastern equities and investment banking operations of Lehman Brothers. 




### Source:

1. [MarketWatch](http://www.marketwatch.com/news/story/nomura-acquires-european-operations-lehman/story.aspx?guid=%7B3F8882D9%2DD10C%2D4406%2D8979%2D701FA1BB8BD6%7D&dist=hplatest)

### Related:

1. [ Internet and telephone transmissions between Europe, the Middle East, and Asia are seriously disrupted. The FLAG, SEA-ME-WE 3, and SEA-ME-WE 4 submarine communications cables are believed to have been cut for the second time this year. ](/news/2008/12/19/internet-and-telephone-transmissions-between-europe-the-middle-east-and-asia-are-seriously-disrupted-the-flag-sea-me-we-3-and-sea-me-w.md) _Context: Asia, Europe, Middle East_
2. [New Zealand Prime Minister John Key says his country is willing to accept some asylum seekers from the Middle East and Asia, currently in detention camps on impoverished Pacific island nations. Presently, 267 refugees in Australia for medical treatment, some accompanied by a relative, are set to be returned to Nauru's detention camp. Australia is hesitant about the offer, concerned that it could encourage people smugglers. ](/news/2016/02/19/new-zealand-prime-minister-john-key-says-his-country-is-willing-to-accept-some-asylum-seekers-from-the-middle-east-and-asia-currently-in-de.md) _Context: Asia, Middle East_
3. [Scientists warn a new strain of the Panama Disease fungus, which in the 1950s nearly wiped out the most popular banana in the world, the Gros Michel, is threatening today's favorite, the Cavendish, according to a new study published in "PLOS Pathogens". This untreatable fungal disease, called Tropical Race 4, has been active for decades in Southeast Asia. It recently has spread to other parts of Asia, Africa, the Middle East, and Australia, and is expected to make its way to Latin America, where the vast majority of the world's exported bananas are grown. ](/news/2015/12/6/scientists-warn-a-new-strain-of-the-panama-disease-fungus-which-in-the-1950s-nearly-wiped-out-the-most-popular-banana-in-the-world-the-gro.md) _Context: Asia, Middle East_
4. [More than a dozen alleged ISIS-linked, terrorist members of Rawti Shax, a European offshoot of the Iraqi Kurdish jihadist network Ansar al-Islam, are arrested in a coordinated, multi-nation sweep by police across Europe. The operation dismantled an integrated cell in Italy, the United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, and Germany. The group is accused of radicalizing fighters, planning attacks targeting Norwegian and British diplomats in the Middle East, and planning to establish a caliphate in Iraq's Kurdistan region. ](/news/2015/11/12/more-than-a-dozen-alleged-isis-linked-terrorist-members-of-rawti-shax-a-european-offshoot-of-the-iraqi-kurdish-jihadist-network-ansar-al-i.md) _Context: Europe, Middle East_
5. [Cuba defends North Korea by circulating an amendment to a European-Japanese draft resolution recommending the referral of North Korea to the International Criminal Court for crimes against humanity. ](/news/2014/11/13/cuba-defends-north-korea-by-circulating-an-amendment-to-a-european-japanese-draft-resolution-recommending-the-referral-of-north-korea-to-the.md) _Context: Europe, Japan_
6. [French police raid a camp site in the port city of Calais containing 800 migrants from Asia, Africa and the Middle East. ](/news/2014/05/28/french-police-raid-a-camp-site-in-the-port-city-of-calais-containing-800-migrants-from-asia-africa-and-the-middle-east.md) _Context: Asia, Middle East_
7. [Turkey opens a sea tunnel connecting Europe and Asia across the Bosphorus Strait in Istanbul. ](/news/2013/10/29/turkey-opens-a-sea-tunnel-connecting-europe-and-asia-across-the-bosphorus-strait-in-istanbul.md) _Context: Asia, Europe_
8. [2013 Luxor hot air balloon crash: A hot air balloon crashes near the Egyptian town of Luxor killing 19 Asian and European tourists. ](/news/2013/02/26/2013-luxor-hot-air-balloon-crash-a-hot-air-balloon-crashes-near-the-egyptian-town-of-luxor-killing-19-asian-and-european-tourists.md) _Context: Asia, Europe_
9. [Tens of thousands of people march in Asia, Europe and North America, protesting against job cuts, inequality, and austerity measures. ](/news/2012/05/1/tens-of-thousands-of-people-march-in-asia-europe-and-north-america-protesting-against-job-cuts-inequality-and-austerity-measures.md) _Context: Asia, Europe_
10. [The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom David Cameron arrives in Japan for the first leg of an Asian visit. ](/news/2012/04/10/the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-david-cameron-arrives-in-japan-for-the-first-leg-of-an-asian-visit.md) _Context: Asia, Japan_
