### [2008-07-25](/news/2008/07/25/index.md)

#  A series of seven bomb blasts rock Bangalore, India, killing 2 and injuring 20. 

Terrorists, on Friday, triggered eight serial blasts in 35 minutes at seven places during the busy lunch hour. Police said the bombs were put together with ammonium nitrate.


### Source:

1. [TOI](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/7_blasts_rock_Bangalore_2_dead_20_wounded/articleshow/3279730.cms)

### Related:

1. [An express train catches fire in India, leaving at least 23 dead. The train was traveling from Bangalore to Nanded in the western state of Maharashtra. ](/news/2013/12/28/an-express-train-catches-fire-in-india-leaving-at-least-23-dead-the-train-was-traveling-from-bangalore-to-nanded-in-the-western-state-of-m.md) _Context: Bangalore, India_
2. [2013 Bangalore blast:Sixteen people, including eight policemen, are injured in a bomb blast at a BJP office in Bangalore, India, weeks ahead of elections in the state of Karnataka. ](/news/2013/04/17/2013-bangalore-blast-psixteen-people-including-eight-policemen-are-injured-in-a-bomb-blast-at-a-bjp-office-in-bangalore-india-weeks-ahea.md) _Context: Bangalore, India_
3. [Six sleeping workers are killed by a fire in a car seat factory outside Bangalore, India. ](/news/2013/03/25/six-sleeping-workers-are-killed-by-a-fire-in-a-car-seat-factory-outside-bangalore-india.md) _Context: Bangalore, India_
4. [ Chief minister of the Indian state of Karnataka, Dharam Singh announced that the state government had accepted Jnanpith awardee U R Ananthamurthy's suggestion to rename Bangalore to its colloquial name, ''Bengaluru''. The new name will be effective from November 1, 2006. ](/news/2005/12/11/chief-minister-of-the-indian-state-of-karnataka-dharam-singh-announced-that-the-state-government-had-accepted-jnanpith-awardee-u-r-anantha.md) _Context: Bangalore, India_
5. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims it has a "basic consensus" with Bhutan and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-it.md) _Context: India_
6. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
7. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan, China releases a map detailing pieces of land claimed by Bhutan and India as belonging to China. China claims, via the map, that territory up until Gipmochi belongs to China and claims it's supported by the 1890 Convention of Calcutta. ](/news/2017/07/1/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-china-releases-a-map-detailing-pieces-of-land-claimed-by-bhutan-and-india-as-belon.md) _Context: India_
10. [China informs India that it must withdraw its troops for any dialogue to occur as tensions rise between China and India and Bhutan over the disputed territory of Doklam. ](/news/2017/06/30/china-informs-india-that-it-must-withdraw-its-troops-for-any-dialogue-to-occur-as-tensions-rise-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the.md) _Context: India_
