### [2014-03-30](/news/2014/03/30/index.md)

# Garda phone tapping scandal:Court documents seen by RTE  Radio 1's ''This Week'' indicate that Gardai recorded phone conversations with two main witnesses during the 1996 Sophie Toscan du Plantier murder investigation. 

Gardaí recorded phone conversations with two main witnesses during the Sophie Toscan du Plantier murder investigation, according to court documents seen by RTÉ&#39;s This Week.


### Source:

1. [RTÉ News](http://www.rte.ie/news/2014/0330/605496-ian-bailey/)

### Related:

1. [2014 Garda phone recordings controversy:Recordings of 133 conversations between garda, witnesses and journalists relating to the 1996 murder of Sophie Toscan du Plantier emerge. ](/news/2014/04/3/2014-garda-phone-recordings-controversy-precordings-of-133-conversations-between-gardai-witnesses-and-journalists-relating-to-the-1996-murd.md) _Context: Garda phone recordings controversy, Sophie Toscan du Plantier_
2. [A shooting at a house in Omeath, County Louth in the Republic of Ireland leaves two men dead, including an on-duty police officer. ](/news/2015/10/11/a-shooting-at-a-house-in-omeath-county-louth-in-the-republic-of-ireland-leaves-two-men-dead-including-an-on-duty-police-officer.md) _Context: police officer_
3. [Members of Ireland's police force Garda Siochana raid the Dublin home of former MEP Paul Murphy TD, taking Murphy into custody along with three other activists and politicians opposing the water-tax-rate change, stirring nationwide speculation of "political policing." The police later release all four without charges. ](/news/2015/02/9/members-of-ireland-s-police-force-garda-saocha-na-raid-the-dublin-home-of-former-mep-paul-murphy-td-taking-murphy-into-custody-along-with.md) _Context: police officer_
4. [The Irish government agrees the terms of reference for the Commission of Investigation into the Garda phone recordings controversy. ](/news/2014/04/8/the-irish-government-agrees-the-terms-of-reference-for-the-commission-of-investigation-into-the-garda-phone-recordings-controversy.md) _Context: Garda phone recordings controversy_
5. [2014 Garda phone recordings controversy:Taoiseach Enda Kenny tells the Dil the Prison Service recorded conversations between inmates and their solicitors. ](/news/2014/04/1/2014-garda-phone-recordings-controversy-ptaoiseach-enda-kenny-tells-the-dail-the-prison-service-recorded-conversations-between-inmates-and-t.md) _Context: Garda phone recordings controversy_
6. [Garda phone tapping scandal:Martin Callinan resigns as Commissioner of Ireland's Garda Siochana (national police) over his "disgusting" comment about whistleblowers made to a parliamentary committee. Callinan had also been involved in controversy over the recent surveillance/bugging of GSOC. ](/news/2014/03/25/garda-phone-tapping-scandal-pmartin-callinan-resigns-as-commissioner-of-ireland-s-garda-saocha-na-national-police-over-his-disgusting-c.md) _Context: police officer_
7. [An inquiry into the 1989 Jonesborough ambush finds that members of the Garda Siochana colluded with the IRA in the shooting of two RUC officers as they crossed the Irish border. ](/news/2013/12/3/an-inquiry-into-the-1989-jonesborough-ambush-finds-that-members-of-the-garda-saocha-na-colluded-with-the-ira-in-the-shooting-of-two-ruc-off.md) _Context: police officer_
8. [A detective in the Irish police force is shot dead in an attempted robbery near Dundalk, County Louth. ](/news/2013/01/25/a-detective-in-the-irish-police-force-is-shot-dead-in-an-attempted-robbery-near-dundalk-county-louth.md) _Context: police officer_
9. [Irish politician Joan Collins names crime journalist Paul Williams and sports star Ronan O'Gara under Dail privilege as being among those to benefit from having their penalty points for traffic offences cancelled by the Garda Siochana. Justice Minister Alan Shatter calls Collins's action a "total disgrace" and she is reported to a Leinster House watchdog called the Dail Committee on Procedure and Privileges. ](/news/2012/12/12/irish-politician-joan-collins-names-crime-journalist-paul-williams-and-sports-star-ronan-o-gara-under-da-il-privilege-as-being-among-those-t.md) _Context: police officer_
10. [In Dublin, dozens of complaints are made about the "heavy-handed" tactics of "excessive force" deployed by gardai following last week's nationwide student demonstration against a government-proposed fee increase, the largest such demonstration in a generation. ](/news/2010/11/9/in-dublin-dozens-of-complaints-are-made-about-the-heavy-handed-tactics-of-excessive-force-deployed-by-gardaa-following-last-week-s-nat.md) _Context: police officer_
