### [2014-03-30](/news/2014/03/30/index.md)

# Since March 18th, protesters occupy the legislative chamber, opposing the vote without review of the Cross-Strait Service Trade Agreement, denouncing a agreement signed 'in a black box.'date=April 2014Between 116,000 and 500,000 protesters march to the Presidential Office, in opposition to recent governmental push for Cross-Strait Service Trade Agreement vote and other related issues. 




### Source:

1. [LeMonde](http://www.lemonde.fr/asie-pacifique/article/2014/03/30/manifestation-massive-a-taiwan-contre-un-pacte-commercial-avec-la-chine_4392194_3216.html)
2. [LibertyTimes](http://iservice.libertytimes.com.tw/liveNews/news.php?no=978491)

### Related:

1. [Protesters opposed to the vote of the Cross-Strait Trade Agreement without a clause-by-clause review continue to occupy the Taiwanese parliament.Protesters push to occupy the nearby Executive Yuan as well. ](/news/2014/03/23/protesters-opposed-to-the-vote-of-the-cross-strait-trade-agreement-without-a-clause-by-clause-review-continue-to-occupy-the-taiwanese-parlia.md) _Context: legislative chamber, trade deal_
2. [Protesters storm and occupy the Legislative Yuan in Taiwan due to a unilateral move by the Kuomintang that forces the Cross-Strait Service Trade Agreement to the legislative floor without giving it an item-by-item review. ](/news/2014/03/18/protesters-storm-and-occupy-the-legislative-yuan-in-taiwan-due-to-a-unilateral-move-by-the-kuomintang-that-forces-the-cross-strait-service-t.md) _Context: legislative chamber, trade deal_
3. [Protesters against a proposed trade deal with China peacefully ended their 24-day occupation of the legislature, as lawmakers prepare to review bills requiring greater oversight for such agreements. ](/news/2014/04/10/protesters-against-a-proposed-trade-deal-with-china-peacefully-ended-their-24-day-occupation-of-the-legislature-as-lawmakers-prepare-to-rev.md) _Context: trade deal_
4. [ Republic of China legislative election, 2008: The Kuomintang (KMT) and its coalition allies win a landslide victory over the Democratic Progressive Party, garnering 86 of 113 seats in the Legislative Yuan. ](/news/2008/01/12/republic-of-china-legislative-election-2008-the-kuomintang-kmt-and-its-coalition-allies-win-a-landslide-victory-over-the-democratic-pro.md) _Context: legislative chamber_
5. [ A vote in the Legislative Yuan to recall Taiwanese President Chen Shui-bian, who is implicated in numerous corruption scandals, fails to gain the necessary two-thirds majority. ](/news/2006/06/27/a-vote-in-the-legislative-yuan-to-recall-taiwanese-president-chen-shui-bian-who-is-implicated-in-numerous-corruption-scandals-fails-to-ga.md) _Context: legislative chamber_
6. [ A motion to vote on a bill opening the Three Links between mainland China and Taiwan is defeated for the third time in the Legislative Yuan of the Republic of China when a Democratic Progressive Party lawmaker tries to eat the written cloture motion. The opposition Pan-Blue Coalition controls the legislature and would have likely passed the bill. ](/news/2006/05/30/a-motion-to-vote-on-a-bill-opening-the-three-links-between-mainland-china-and-taiwan-is-defeated-for-the-third-time-in-the-legislative-yuan.md) _Context: legislative chamber_
7. [ The National Assembly of the Republic of China approves a package of amendments to the Constitution of the Republic of China to halve the number of seats in the Legislative Yuan and abolish itself.](/news/2005/06/7/the-national-assembly-of-the-republic-of-china-approves-a-package-of-amendments-to-the-constitution-of-the-republic-of-china-to-halve-the-n.md) _Context: legislative chamber_
8. [ RoC Premier Yu Shyi-kun is prevented for six hours from delivering a key government report on the floor of the Legislative Yuan when opposition lawmakers, refusing to recognize President Chen Shui-bian's narrow re-election on March 20, tore up his report and unfurled banners and placards with the words "no truth, no president" and "bogus regime". ](/news/2004/06/1/roc-premier-yu-shyi-kun-is-prevented-for-six-hours-from-delivering-a-key-government-report-on-the-floor-of-the-legislative-yuan-when-opposi.md) _Context: legislative chamber_
9. [ The Legislative Yuan in Taiwan passes a bill mandating that official documents in Chinese be written from left to right instead of right to left, ending centuries of tradition. ](/news/2004/05/4/the-legislative-yuan-in-taiwan-passes-a-bill-mandating-that-official-documents-in-chinese-be-written-from-left-to-right-instead-of-right-to.md) _Context: legislative chamber_
10. [ ROC presidential election, 2004: Chen Shui-bian's Democratic Progressive Party submits a bill to the Legislative Yuan to allow an immediate recount, per Lien Chan's demand, but the majority Pan-Blue Coalition dismisses it as unnecessary saying the President could just issue an executive order instead. ](/news/2004/03/22/roc-presidential-election-2004-chen-shui-bian-s-democratic-progressive-party-submits-a-bill-to-the-legislative-yuan-to-allow-an-immediate.md) _Context: legislative chamber_
