### [2014-03-30](/news/2014/03/30/index.md)

# Sunflower Student Movement in Taiwan:: Since March 18th, protesters occupy the legislative chamber, opposing the vote without review of the Cross-Strait Service Trade Agreement, denouncing a agreement signed -in a black box.'date=April 2014: Between 116,000 and 500,000 protesters march to the Presidential Office, in opposition to recent governmental push for Cross-Strait Service Trade Agreement vote and other related issues. 




### Source:

1. [LeMonde](http://www.lemonde.fr/asie-pacifique/article/2014/03/30/manifestation-massive-a-taiwan-contre-un-pacte-commercial-avec-la-chine_4392194_3216.html)
2. [LibertyTimes](http://iservice.libertytimes.com.tw/liveNews/news.php?no=978491)

### Related:

1. [Sunflower Student Movement in Taiwan:: Protesters opposed to the vote of the Cross-Strait Trade Agreement without a clause-by-clause review continue to occupy the Taiwanese parliament.: Protesters push to occupy the nearby Executive Yuan as well. ](/news/2014/03/23/sunflower-student-movement-in-taiwan-protesters-opposed-to-the-vote-of-the-cross-strait-trade-agreement-without-a-clause-by-clause-review.md) _Context: activist, legislative chamber, trade deal_
2. [Sunflower Movement in Taiwan:: Protesters against a proposed trade deal with China peacefully ended their 24-day occupation of the legislature, as lawmakers prepare to review bills requiring greater oversight for such agreements. ](/news/2014/04/10/sunflower-movement-in-taiwan-protesters-against-a-proposed-trade-deal-with-china-peacefully-ended-their-24-day-occupation-of-the-legislatu.md) _Context: activist, trade deal_
3. [Occupy Taiwan Legislature: Protesters storm and occupy the Legislative Yuan in Taiwan due to a unilateral move by the Kuomintang that forces the Cross-Strait Service Trade Agreement to the legislative floor without giving it an item-by-item review. ](/news/2014/03/18/occupy-taiwan-legislature-protesters-storm-and-occupy-the-legislative-yuan-in-taiwan-due-to-a-unilateral-move-by-the-kuomintang-that-forces.md) _Context: legislative chamber, trade deal_
4. [Hong Kong customs authorities deny entry and deport a Taiwanese rights activist intending to support the Occupy Central campaign, which has gathered almost 800,000 votes in an unofficial poll on electoral reform. ](/news/2014/06/29/hong-kong-customs-authorities-deny-entry-and-deport-a-taiwanese-rights-activist-intending-to-support-the-occupy-central-campaign-which-has.md) _Context: activist_
5. [The People's Republic of China sends its first minister-level official to Taiwan to build ties with the self-governing island amid trade suspicions. ](/news/2014/06/25/the-people-s-republic-of-china-sends-its-first-minister-level-official-to-taiwan-to-build-ties-with-the-self-governing-island-amid-trade-sus.md) _Context: activist_
6. [ Republic of China legislative election, 2008: The Kuomintang (KMT) and its coalition allies win a landslide victory over the Democratic Progressive Party, garnering 86 of 113 seats in the Legislative Yuan. ](/news/2008/01/12/republic-of-china-legislative-election-2008-the-kuomintang-kmt-and-its-coalition-allies-win-a-landslide-victory-over-the-democratic-pro.md) _Context: legislative chamber_
7. [ A vote in the Legislative Yuan to recall Taiwanese President Chen Shui-bian, who is implicated in numerous corruption scandals, fails to gain the necessary two-thirds majority. ](/news/2006/06/27/a-vote-in-the-legislative-yuan-to-recall-taiwanese-president-chen-shui-bian-who-is-implicated-in-numerous-corruption-scandals-fails-to-ga.md) _Context: legislative chamber_
8. [ A motion to vote on a bill opening the Three Links between mainland China and Taiwan is defeated for the third time in the Legislative Yuan of the Republic of China when a Democratic Progressive Party lawmaker tries to eat the written cloture motion. The opposition Pan-Blue Coalition controls the legislature and would have likely passed the bill. ](/news/2006/05/30/a-motion-to-vote-on-a-bill-opening-the-three-links-between-mainland-china-and-taiwan-is-defeated-for-the-third-time-in-the-legislative-yuan.md) _Context: legislative chamber_
9. [ The National Assembly of the Republic of China approves a package of amendments to the Constitution of the Republic of China to halve the number of seats in the Legislative Yuan and abolish itself.](/news/2005/06/7/the-national-assembly-of-the-republic-of-china-approves-a-package-of-amendments-to-the-constitution-of-the-republic-of-china-to-halve-the-n.md) _Context: legislative chamber_
10. [ President Chen Shui-bian says that the hundreds of missiles the People's Republic of China has aimed at Taiwan justifies holding a referendum on independence. The referendum bill recently passed by the Legislative Yuan only allows votes on sovereignty if the country is attacked by a foreign power. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/3252246.stm]](/news/2003/12/1/president-chen-shui-bian-says-that-the-hundreds-of-missiles-the-people-s-republic-of-china-has-aimed-at-taiwan-justifies-holding-a-referend.md) _Context: legislative chamber_
