### [2014-03-30](/news/2014/03/30/index.md)

# Turkish local elections, 2014:Voters in Turkey go to the polls for municipal elections with Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan's Justice and Development Party claiming victory.  

With 45 percent of the votes counted, the governing party leads with 44 percent of the vote.


### Source:

1. [AP via ABC](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory/turkey-holding-critical-local-elections-23116863)
2. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/news/middle-east/1.582844)
3. [Sky News Australia](http://www.skynews.com.au/topstories/article.aspx?id=962799&vId=)

### Related:

1. [Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu announces his resignation effective 22 May amid conflict with President Recep Tayyip Erdogan  over Turkey's increasingly authoritarian rule. Davutoglu said he would step down following an extraordinary meeting of AKP party leaders scheduled for May 22. ](/news/2016/05/5/turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-announces-his-resignation-effective-22-may-amid-conflict-with-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-over.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish, ruling party_
2. [ Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan says prosecutor Abdurrahman Yalcinkaya's proposal to ban the ruling Justice and Development Party is against the "national will". ](/news/2008/03/15/turkish-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-says-prosecutor-abdurrahman-yalassa-nkaya-s-proposal-to-ban-the-ruling-justice-and-development.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish, ruling party_
3. [ At least 300,000 secularist Turks march in Ankara to warn the Islamist Prime Minister of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his party against seeking the presidency. ](/news/2007/04/14/at-least-300-000-secularist-turks-march-in-ankara-to-warn-the-islamist-prime-minister-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-and-his-party-against.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish, ruling party_
4. [President Recep Tayyip Erdogan proclaims Turkey's right to launch operations in Syria against "terrorist organizations." Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu tells reporters, "The only thing we expect from our U.S. ally is to support Turkey with no ifs or buts." ](/news/2016/02/20/president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-proclaims-turkey-s-right-to-launch-operations-in-syria-against-aterrorist-organizations-a-prime-minister.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish_
5. [A day after Turkey's president Recep Tayyip Erdogan had harsh words for Russia, Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu, in an essay in the London ''Times'', says the downing of the Russian jet,  "was not -- and is not -- an act against a specific country. ... While the measures to defend our territory will remain in place, Turkey will work with Russia and our allies to calm tensions." ](/news/2015/11/28/a-day-after-turkey-s-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-had-harsh-words-for-russia-turkish-prime-minister-ahmet-davutoalu-in-an-essay-in-the.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish_
6. [Voters in Turkey go to the polls for the first round of voting in a presidential election with current Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan poised for a first round victory. ](/news/2014/08/10/voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-round-of-voting-in-a-presidential-election-with-current-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish_
7. [Turkey's state run Anadolu Agency reports that twenty police officers have been charged with illegal wiretaps of officials including the Prime Minister of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan. Another 49 are awaiting questioning. ](/news/2014/07/26/turkey-s-state-run-anadolu-agency-reports-that-twenty-police-officers-have-been-charged-with-illegal-wiretaps-of-officials-including-the-pri.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish_
8. [Turkey restricts access to Twitter hours after the Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens to "root out" the social network where politically sensitive documents had been published. ](/news/2014/03/21/turkey-restricts-access-to-twitter-hours-after-the-prime-minister-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-to-root-out-the-social-network-where-pol.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish_
9. [In response to Israeli air strikes on Syria, Prime Minister of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan says Israel's government is waging "state terrorism". ](/news/2013/02/3/in-response-to-israeli-air-strikes-on-syria-prime-minister-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-says-israel-s-government-is-waging-state-terror.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish_
10. [ The Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert apologizes to the Prime Minister of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan for possibly violating Turkish airspace. ](/news/2007/10/28/the-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-apologizes-to-the-prime-minister-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-for-possibly-violating-turkish-ai.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Turkish_
