### [2011-12-12](/news/2011/12/12/index.md)

# The House of Representatives of the Philippines impeaches Chief Justice Renato Corona after 188 representatives signed a complaint. This is the second impeachment passed in the year after the impeachment of Ombudsman Merceditas Gutierrez early in March. 




### Source:

1. [GMA News.tv](http://www.gmanetwork.com/news/story/241451/news/nation/house-majority-oks-impeach-case-vs-corona-for-senate-trial)

### Related:

1. [Impeachment in the Philippines. Two impeachment complaints are filed in the lower house of the Philippine Congress against Supreme Court Chief Justice Maria Lourdes Sereno. ](/news/2017/08/2/impeachment-in-the-philippines-two-impeachment-complaints-are-filed-in-the-lower-house-of-the-philippine-congress-against-supreme-court-chi.md) _Context: Chief Justice, lower house of the Philippine Congress_
2. [The Senate of the Philippines finds the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court Renato Corona guilty of failure to disclose to the public his assets following a four-month-long impeachment trial. ](/news/2012/05/29/the-senate-of-the-philippines-finds-the-chief-justice-of-the-supreme-court-renato-corona-guilty-of-failure-to-disclose-to-the-public-his-ass.md) _Context: Chief Justice, Renato Corona_
3. [Liza Maza, a human rights activist and former Filipino congresswoman, and the Center for Women's Resources criticized the United States and the Philippines governments for preventing Maza's boarding of a July 9, 2015, Korean Air flight destined for Washington, D.C. Maza, who has a U.S. visa valid until 2018, was scheduled to speak before a left-wing conference on U.S. activities in the Philippines. ](/news/2015/07/17/liza-maza-a-human-rights-activist-and-former-filipino-congresswoman-and-the-center-for-women-s-resources-criticized-the-united-states-and.md) _Context: lower house of the Philippine Congress_
4. [Three impeachment complaints against Philippines President Benigno Aquino III are deemed by the Philippine House of Representatives as "sufficient in form", paving the way for possible legal proceedings against him. ](/news/2014/08/26/three-impeachment-complaints-against-philippines-president-benigno-aquino-iii-are-deemed-by-the-philippine-house-of-representatives-as-suff.md) _Context: lower house of the Philippine Congress_
5. [Ombudsman of the Philippines Merceditas Gutierrez resigns. Politicians previously voted to impeach her. ](/news/2011/04/29/ombudsman-of-the-philippines-merceditas-gutierrez-resigns-politicians-previously-voted-to-impeach-her.md) _Context: Merceditas Gutierrez_
6. [The Philippine House of Representatives votes to impeach the Ombudsman, Merceditas Gutierrez, for allegedly failing to investigate former President Gloria Macapagal Arroyo and other senior officials of her administration with sufficient vigor. ](/news/2011/03/22/the-philippine-house-of-representatives-votes-to-impeach-the-ombudsman-merceditas-gutierrez-for-allegedly-failing-to-investigate-former-pr.md) _Context: Merceditas Gutierrez_
7. [Representative Ronald Singson of the Philippines is sentenced to 18 months in a Hong Kong jail for cocaine possession. ](/news/2011/02/25/representative-ronald-singson-of-the-philippines-is-sentenced-to-18-months-in-a-hong-kong-jail-for-cocaine-possession.md) _Context: lower house of the Philippine Congress_
8. [Opening of the 15th Congress of the Philippines: [http://www.channelnewsasia.com/stories/afp_asiapacific/view/1071594/1/.html Channel NewsAsia]. Juan Ponce Enrile is elected as Senate President. Feliciano Belmonte is elected Speaker of the House of Representatives.. President Benigno Aquino III delivers his first State of the Nation Address.](/news/2010/07/26/opening-of-the-15th-congress-of-the-philippines-http-www-channelnewsasia-com-stories-afp_asiapacific-view-1071594-1-html-channel-newsas.md) _Context: lower house of the Philippine Congress_
9. [Philippine general election, 2010. Mayor Jejomar Binay and Senator Mar Roxas are still in a tight race for the vice-presidency. [http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/topstories/topstories/view/20100512-269597/Roxas-Binay-camps-trade-barbs-as-VP-race-heats-up "(Philippine Daily Inquirer)"]. Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo is elected as representative of Pampanga, the first outgoing president to be elected to the House of Representatives. [http://www.gmanews.tv/eleksyon2010/story/news/190811/arroyo-proclaimed-as-pampanga-congresswoman (GMA News)]. Former First Lady Imelda Marcos is elected as representative of Ilocos Norte. [http://newsinfo.inquirer.net/breakingnews/nation/view/20100511-269426/Imelda-Marcos-wins-big "(Philippine Daily Inquirer)"]. World-renowned boxer Manny Pacquiao is elected as representative of Sarangani. [http://www.philstar.com/Article.aspx?articleId=574540&publicationSubCategoryId=63 "(Philippine Star)"]](/news/2010/05/12/philippine-general-election-2010-mayor-jejomar-binay-and-senator-mar-roxas-are-still-in-a-tight-race-for-the-vice-presidency-http-news.md) _Context: lower house of the Philippine Congress_
10. [ An explosion hits the south wing of the House of Representatives of the Philippines in Quezon City, killing three people, including Congressman Wahab Akbar, and wounding 10. ](/news/2007/11/13/an-explosion-hits-the-south-wing-of-the-house-of-representatives-of-the-philippines-in-quezon-city-killing-three-people-including-congres.md) _Context: lower house of the Philippine Congress_
