### [2007-03-20](/news/2007/03/20/index.md)

#  Dismissal of U.S. attorneys controversy: The Bush administration agrees to allow Deputy White House Chief of Staff Karl Rove and former White House Counsel Harriet Miers to testify but not under oath.




### Related:

1. [ The United States House of Representatives approves contempt of Congress citations against Harriet Miers and Joshua Bolten in the U.S. Attorneys controversy. ](/news/2008/02/14/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-approves-contempt-of-congress-citations-against-harriet-miers-and-joshua-bolten-in-the-u-s-atto.md) _Context: Harriet Miers, firings_
2. [ Karl Rove, Deputy White House Chief of Staff and George W. Bush's leading political adviser, tells the "Wall Street Journal" that he intends to resign at the end of August. ](/news/2007/08/13/karl-rove-deputy-white-house-chief-of-staff-and-george-w-bush-s-leading-political-adviser-tells-the-wall-street-journal-that-he-intend.md) _Context: Deputy White House Chief of Staff, Karl Rove_
3. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush orders senior adviser Karl Rove not to testify before a United States Senate committee on the Dismissal of U.S. attorneys controversy. ](/news/2007/08/1/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-orders-senior-adviser-karl-rove-not-to-testify-before-a-united-states-senate-committee-on.md) _Context: Karl Rove, firings_
4. [ The United States House Committee on the Judiciary votes 22-17 to approve a report citing former White House counsel Harriet Miers and current Chief of Staff for President George W. Bush Joshua Bolten for failing to comply with subpoenas regarding the dismissal of U.S. attorneys controversy. ](/news/2007/07/25/the-united-states-house-committee-on-the-judiciary-votes-22-17-to-approve-a-report-citing-former-white-house-counsel-harriet-miers-and-curr.md) _Context: Harriet Miers, firings_
5. [ Dismissal of U.S. attorneys controversy: Monica Goodling, who was an assistant counsel to Attorney General Alberto Gonzales, resigns after refusing to testify before the Congress. ](/news/2007/04/6/dismissal-of-u-s-attorneys-controversy-monica-goodling-who-was-an-assistant-counsel-to-attorney-general-alberto-gonzales-resigns-after.md) _Context: firings, testify_
6. [ Alberto Gonzales, the Attorney General of the United States, acknowledges that mistakes were made in the handling of the firing of eight federal prosecutors. His top aide Kyle Sampson resigns for not advising other senior officials of the Department of Justice about discussions with former White House counsel Harriet Miers regarding the possible firings. ](/news/2007/03/13/alberto-gonzales-the-attorney-general-of-the-united-states-acknowledges-that-mistakes-were-made-in-the-handling-of-the-firing-of-eight-fe.md) _Context: Harriet Miers, firings_
7. [ On the first day of the U.S. Supreme Court's fall term, President George W. Bush nominates White House Counsel Harriet Miers to fill the seat currently held by Sandra Day O'Connor. The nominee has no judicial experience. ](/news/2005/10/3/on-the-first-day-of-the-u-s-supreme-court-s-fall-term-president-george-w-bush-nominates-white-house-counsel-harriet-miers-to-fill-the-se.md) _Context: Harriet Miers, White House Counsel_
8. [Karl Rove appears on British television to promote waterboarding and speaks of his pride that "we used techniques that broke the will of these terrorists", saying these techniques were "appropriate". ](/news/2010/03/12/karl-rove-appears-on-british-television-to-promote-waterboarding-and-speaks-of-his-pride-that-we-used-techniques-that-broke-the-will-of-the.md) _Context: Karl Rove_
9. [ United States Attorney General Michael Mukasey announces the appointment of a special prosecutor to investigate the firings of nine U.S. attorneys in 2006. ](/news/2008/09/29/united-states-attorney-general-michael-mukasey-announces-the-appointment-of-a-special-prosecutor-to-investigate-the-firings-of-nine-u-s-at.md) _Context: firings_
10. [ Subprime mortgage crisis:. US Congressional leaders and the George W. Bush administration reach an outline Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 of a bailout of financial institutions as a result of the subprime mortgage crisis. ](/news/2008/09/28/subprime-mortgage-crisis-us-congressional-leaders-and-the-george-w-bush-administration-reach-an-outline-emergency-economic-stabilization.md) _Context: George W. Bush administration_
