### [2007-03-20](/news/2007/03/20/index.md)

#  Indonesian police shoot dead a suspected member of Jemaah Islamiyah, wound three people and arrest others in an anti-terrorist raid. 




### Source:

1. [AP via USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/news/world/2007-03-21-indonesian-police_N.htm)

### Related:

1. [ Zarkasih, the leader of the Islamic militant organisation Jemaah Islamiyah, goes on trial in Indonesia on terrorism charges. ](/news/2007/12/17/zarkasih-the-leader-of-the-islamic-militant-organisation-jemaah-islamiyah-goes-on-trial-in-indonesia-on-terrorism-charges.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jemaah Islamiyah_
2. [ Indonesia claims that it has captured Jemaah Islamiyah leader Zarkarsih. ](/news/2007/06/15/indonesia-claims-that-it-has-captured-jemaah-islamiyah-leader-zarkarsih.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jemaah Islamiyah_
3. [ Indonesian police claim to have arrested Abu Dujana, the military leader of the Jemaah Islamiyah responsible for the 2002 Bali bombings. ](/news/2007/06/13/indonesian-police-claim-to-have-arrested-abu-dujana-the-military-leader-of-the-jemaah-islamiyah-responsible-for-the-2002-bali-bombings.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jemaah Islamiyah_
4. [ 2002 Bali bombings: A car-bomb on the Indonesian island of Bali explodes outside a nightclub killing at least 182 people, 75% of whom are said to have been foreign holidaymakers. Another 210 people are said to have been injured. The principal suspects for this terrorist incident are a group seeking to establish an Islamic state in Indonesia, Jemaah Islamiyah, although it could equally be the work of al-Qaeda. Another bomb explodes at around the same time in the nearby town of Denpasar, Bali. It had been said to be an attack on Australian holidaymakers due to its role in the liberation of East Timor.](/news/2002/10/12/2002-bali-bombings-a-car-bomb-on-the-indonesian-island-of-bali-explodes-outside-a-nightclub-killing-at-least-182-people-75-of-whom-are-s.md) _Context: Indonesia, Jemaah Islamiyah_
5. [Earthquakes in 2017. A magnitude 6.4 earthquake occurs off the Indonesian island of Sumatra. There are no reports of casualties or structural damage to buildings. ](/news/2017/08/13/earthquakes-in-2017-a-magnitude-6-4-earthquake-occurs-off-the-indonesian-island-of-sumatra-there-are-no-reports-of-casualties-or-structura.md) _Context: Indonesia_
6. [A rescue helicopter crashes while attempting to evacuate residents near the Dieng Volcanic Complex in Central Java, Indonesia, killing all eight people on board. ](/news/2017/07/3/a-rescue-helicopter-crashes-while-attempting-to-evacuate-residents-near-the-dieng-volcanic-complex-in-central-java-indonesia-killing-all-e.md) _Context: Indonesia_
7. [Philippine Drug War. In alleged emulation of Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's war on drugs, Indonesian President Joko Widodo announces orders for police to "shoot" suspected drug dealers without trial. ](/news/2017/07/23/philippine-drug-war-in-alleged-emulation-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-s-war-on-drugs-indonesian-president-joko-widodo-announces.md) _Context: Indonesia_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 2017 Temple Mount crisis. Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.. Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey. Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.. 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.. United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.. Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.. Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.. Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-. ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Indonesia_
9. [South China Sea disputes. Indonesia renames part of the South China Sea as "North Natuna Sea," angering China. ](/news/2017/07/15/south-china-sea-disputes-indonesia-renames-part-of-the-south-china-sea-as-north-natuna-sea-angering-china.md) _Context: Indonesia_
10. [United Nations Ocean Conference. At a United Nations-Oceans summit, delegates from China, Indonesia, the Philippines and Thailand, four of the top polluters of plastic into the oceans, pledge to reduce their levels of oceanic plastic pollution. ](/news/2017/06/8/united-nations-ocean-conference-at-a-united-nations-oceans-summit-delegates-from-china-indonesia-the-philippines-and-thailand-four-of-t.md) _Context: Indonesia_
