### [2007-03-20](/news/2007/03/20/index.md)

#  The wife of Sami Al-Arian, a former university professor convicted by a United States district court of funneling money to Islamic Jihad, fears for his life as his hunger strike to protest his imprisonment enters its 58th day. 




### Source:

1. [St. Petersburg Times](http://www.sptimes.com/2007/03/20/Hillsborough/Gaunt_Al_Arian_shocks.shtml)

### Related:

1. [Palestinian inmates held in Israeli jails from Hamas, Islamic Jihad, the PFLP and the DFLP go on hunger strike on the Palestinian "Prisoners' Day". Thousands of people rally in towns and cities in both the West Bank and the Gaza Strip in support of their action, waving Palestinian flags and displaying photos of imprisoned relatives. ](/news/2012/04/17/palestinian-inmates-held-in-israeli-jails-from-hamas-islamic-jihad-the-pflp-and-the-dflp-go-on-hunger-strike-on-the-palestinian-prisoners.md) _Context: Islamic Jihad Movement in Palestine, hunger strike_
2. [ United States District Court judge William Hoeveler rules against former Panamanian leader Manuel Noriega returning to Panama after he completes his sentence in a United States prison stating that there was no reason why he shouldn't be extradited to France to face a prison term there. ](/news/2007/08/24/united-states-district-court-judge-william-hoeveler-rules-against-former-panamanian-leader-manuel-noriega-returning-to-panama-after-he-comp.md) _Context: U.S. federal court, United States_
3. [ U.S. District Judge Royce Lamberth rules that Mohammad Munaf, a United States citizen, can be transferred to Iraqi authorities to face a death sentence over the kidnapping of three Romanian journalists in 2005 around Baghdad. ](/news/2006/10/19/u-s-district-judge-royce-lamberth-rules-that-mohammad-munaf-a-united-states-citizen-can-be-transferred-to-iraqi-authorities-to-face-a-de.md) _Context: U.S. federal court, United States_
4. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: United States_
5. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: United States_
6. [United States Senator Susan Collins says she will vote "no" on the Graham-Cassidy bill joining Senators John McCain and Rand Paul and possibly ending the most recent effort to repeal Obamacare. ](/news/2017/09/25/united-states-senator-susan-collins-says-she-will-vote-no-on-the-grahamacassidy-bill-joining-senators-john-mccain-and-rand-paul-and-poss.md) _Context: United States_
7. [North Korea says that the recent flight of U.S. aircraft off the coast of North Korea amounts to a declaration of war. ](/news/2017/09/25/north-korea-says-that-the-recent-flight-of-u-s-aircraft-off-the-coast-of-north-korea-amounts-to-a-declaration-of-war.md) _Context: United States_
8. [Facebook agrees to disclose ads that ran in the U.S. in 2016 from accounts associated with a Russian entity known as the Internet Research Agency to United States Congressional investigators. Earlier, this information was provided to Special Counsel Robert Mueller. ](/news/2017/09/21/facebook-agrees-to-disclose-ads-that-ran-in-the-u-s-in-2016-from-accounts-associated-with-a-russian-entity-known-as-the-internet-research-a.md) _Context: United States_
9. [The United States stops giving out visas to high ranking officials of Cambodia, Eritrea, Guinea and Sierra Leone for failing to accept deportations. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-stops-giving-out-visas-to-high-ranking-officials-of-cambodia-eritrea-guinea-and-sierra-leone-for-failing-to-accept-depor.md) _Context: United States_
10. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pelosi.md) _Context: United States_
