### [2007-03-20](/news/2007/03/20/index.md)

#  United Kingdom Secretary of State for Defence Des Browne orders the military to destroy cluster bombs that lack self-destruct mechanisms in order to avoid harming civilians. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Seattle Post-Intelligencer](http://seattlepi.com/national/1103AP_Britain_Cluster_Bombs.html)

### Related:

1. [ United Kingdom Secretary of State for Defence Des Browne announces the deployment of an additional 1,400 troops to Afghanistan. ](/news/2007/02/26/united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-defence-des-browne-announces-the-deployment-of-an-additional-1-400-troops-to-afghanistan.md) _Context: Des Browne, Secretary of State for Defence, UK_
2. [UK Secretary of State for Defence Philip Hammond announces the closure of four Army bases as part of a shake-up to accommodate the return of thousands of British troops stationed in Germany. ](/news/2013/03/5/uk-secretary-of-state-for-defence-philip-hammond-announces-the-closure-of-four-army-bases-as-part-of-a-shake-up-to-accommodate-the-return-of.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Defence, UK_
3. [United Kingdom Secretary of State for Defence, Liam Fox announces plans to reduce the British Army to its smallest size since the start of the Second Boer War just over a century ago. By 2020, troop numbers will be reduced from the present 101,000 to 82,000, with a greater reliability on Territorial Army soldiers. ](/news/2011/07/18/united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-defence-liam-fox-announces-plans-to-reduce-the-british-army-to-its-smallest-size-since-the-start-of-t.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Defence, UK_
4. [ United Kingdom Prime Minister Gordon Brown shuffles the Cabinet: [http://www.rte.ie/news/2009/0605/ukpolitics.html (RTE)] Secretary of State for Transport Geoff Hoon announces his resignation. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/politics/gordon-brown/5453348/Geoff-Hoon-resigns-as-pressure-mounts-on-Gordon-Brown.html (''Daily Telegraph'')] Minister of State for Europe Caroline Flint announces her resignation. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/politics/8084501.stm (BBC)] Minister of State for Housing and Planning Margaret Beckett announces her resignation. [http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory?id=7762196 (ABC)] Minister of State for Employment and Welfare Reform Tony McNulty announces his resignation. [http://news.sky.com/skynews/Home/Politics/Gordon-Browns-Reshuffle-Defence-Secretary-Quits-Andy-Burnham-Heads-To-Health/Article/200906115296531?lpos=Politics_First_UK_News_Article_Teaser_Region_1&lid=ARTICLE_15296531_Gordon_Browns_Reshuffle%3A_Defence_Secretary_Quits%2C_Andy_Burnham_Heads_To_Health (Sky News)] Bob Ainsworth replaces John Hutton as Secretary of State for Defence. [http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/politics/article6436610.ece (''Times'')] Chief Secretary to the Treasury Yvette Cooper replaces James Purnell as Secretary of State for Work and Pensions. [http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2009/jun/05/yvette-cooper-profile (''Guardian'')] Alan Sugar becomes "Enterprise Tsar" and receives a position in the House of Lords. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/politics/gordon-brown/5451354/Sir-Alan-Sugar-to-become-Enterprise-Tsar.html (''Daily Telegraph'')] John Denham replaces Hazel Blears as Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government. [http://www.google.com/hostednews/ukpress/article/ALeqM5hjLbfpu2UBV6VxgNSl58quyI5Tow (PA via Google News)] Secretary of State for Health Alan Johnson replaces Jacqui Smith as Home Secretary. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/politics/8084501.stm (BBC)] av](/news/2009/06/5/united-kingdom-prime-minister-gordon-brown-shuffles-the-cabinet-http-www-rte-ie-news-2009-0605-ukpolitics-html-rta-p-secretary-of-st.md) _Context: Secretary of State for Defence, UK_
5. [ ''Premiership of Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' In a major Cabinet reshuffle, every person's post is changed, bar one. Alistair Darling becomes Chancellor of the Exchequer, David Miliband becomes Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, and Jacqui Smith becomes the first female Secretary of State for the Home Department. Alan Johnson takes Health, Jack Straw takes Justice and First Secretary of State, Hilary Benn takes Environment, Des Browne remains as Defence Secretary but also becomes Secretary of State for Scotland, and Ruth Kelly takes Transport. Douglas Alexander takes Secretary of State for International Development; Peter Hain remains Secretary of State for Wales but also becomes Work and Pensions Secretary; Shaun Woodward becomes Northern Ireland Secretary; John Hutton takes Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform Secretary; Hazel Blears takes Communities Secretary and Minister for Equality; James Purnell takes Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families; and Tessa Jowell becomes Minister for the Olympics and will only attend Cabinet when required. Baroness Ashton becomes Leader of the House of Lords; Harriet Harman&mdash;Labour's deputy leader&mdash;becomes Leader of the House of Commons and Minister for Women; whilst Ed Balls becomes Children, Schools and Families Secretary. John Denham becomes Innovation, University and Skills Secretary; and Baroness Scotland becomes the new Attorney General of England and Wales. The Cabinet is set to change. ](/news/2007/06/28/premiership-of-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-in-a-major-cabinet-reshuffle-every-person-s-post-is-changed-bar-one-p-alistair-darling.md) _Context: Des Browne, UK_
6. [The United Kingdom announces it is withdrawing from the 1964 London Fisheries Convention, which allows several European countries to fish within 6 to 12 nautical miles of each other's coastlines. ](/news/2017/07/2/the-united-kingdom-announces-it-is-withdrawing-from-the-1964-london-fisheries-convention-which-allows-several-european-countries-to-fish-wi.md) _Context: UK_
7. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: UK_
8. [The United Kingdom and Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation sponsor a summit that plans on raising funds for family planning in developing countries. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-united-kingdom-and-bill-melinda-gates-foundation-sponsor-a-summit-that-plans-on-raising-funds-for-family-planning-in-developing-countr.md) _Context: UK_
9. [The Trump Administration announces this year's presidential state visit to the United Kingdom is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting.  ](/news/2017/07/11/the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-is-delayed-until-at-least-2018-both-the-white.md) _Context: UK_
10. [Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-conservatives-battling-in-a-tight-race.md) _Context: UK_
