### [2014-04-2](/news/2014/04/2/index.md)

# Post-coup unrest in Egypt (2013-14):. A bomb detonates near Cairo University killing a police chief and injuring 5 others. 

Several bombs near Cairo university kill a police brigadier-general and wound five people, in an attack claimed by the militant group Ajnad Misr.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-26851662)

### Related:

1. [Niqab in Egypt. The Parliament of Egypt drafts a law which will ban women from wearing full-face veils such as the niqab and burqa in public places and government institutions. The move comes after Cairo University recently banned nurses and doctors from wearing veils in medical schools and in teaching hospitals, arguing the ban would -protect patients- rights and interests-. ](/news/2016/03/9/niqab-in-egypt-the-parliament-of-egypt-drafts-a-law-which-will-ban-women-from-wearing-full-face-veils-such-as-the-niqab-and-burqa-in-publ.md) _Context: Cairo University_
2. [Post-coup unrest in Egypt (2013-14):. Three army officers and two protesters are killed and more than one hundred protesters are arrested during anti-government protests across Egypt. ](/news/2014/11/28/post-coup-unrest-in-egypt-2013-14-three-army-officers-and-two-protesters-are-killed-and-more-than-one-hundred-protesters-are-arrested.md) _Context: Post-coup unrest in Egypt (2013-14)_
3. [Post-coup unrest in Egypt (2013-14). On the anniversary of Mohamed Morsi's ouster last year, three attacks took place in Kerdasa, Cairo and Assiut, during which one suspected militant was killed when the homemade bomb he was handling prematurely exploded. A late night bomb in Alexandria exploded in a passenger train, wounding 9 people. ](/news/2014/07/3/post-coup-unrest-in-egypt-2013-14-on-the-anniversary-of-mohamed-morsi-s-ouster-last-year-three-attacks-took-place-in-kerdasa-cairo-an.md) _Context: Post-coup unrest in Egypt (2013-14)_
4. [Post-coup unrest in Egypt (2013-14). Gunmen in Egypt's western desert province of New Valley Governorate attack a military checkpoint, killing at least 21 soldiers. Egypt reportedly declares a state of emergency on its border with Sudan. ](/news/2014/07/19/post-coup-unrest-in-egypt-2013-14-gunmen-in-egypt-s-western-desert-province-of-new-valley-governorate-attack-a-military-checkpoint-kil.md) _Context: Post-coup unrest in Egypt (2013-14)_
5. [Post-coup unrest in Egypt:. Homemade bombs explode in four metro stations and a court house in Greater Cairo, injuring eight people. ](/news/2014/06/25/post-coup-unrest-in-egypt-homemade-bombs-explode-in-four-metro-stations-and-a-court-house-in-greater-cairo-injuring-eight-people.md) _Context: Post-coup unrest in Egypt (2013-14)_
6. [Post-coup unrest in Egypt (Sinai insurgency):. Attacks by suicide bombers on a security checkpoint and a civilian bus in Egypt-s Sinai Peninsula as well as a separate bombing near a courthouse in Cairo killed at least four people. ](/news/2014/05/2/post-coup-unrest-in-egypt-sinai-insurgency-attacks-by-suicide-bombers-on-a-security-checkpoint-and-a-civilian-bus-in-egypt-s-sinai-pen.md) _Context: Post-coup unrest in Egypt (2013-14)_
7. [Post-coup unrest in Egypt:. Egyptian security forces arrested an alleged member of the Free Syrian Army in Giza's Imbaba. They also seized a number of explosives they claimed would allegedly be used in terror attacks in the country before the upcoming presidential elections. ](/news/2014/05/12/post-coup-unrest-in-egypt-egyptian-security-forces-arrested-an-alleged-member-of-the-free-syrian-army-in-giza-s-imbaba-they-also-seized-a.md) _Context: Post-coup unrest in Egypt (2013-14)_
8. [Post-coup unrest in Egypt:. An Egyptian court hands down a death sentence on 638 Muslim Brotherhood supporters, among them the group's top leader Mohamed Badie. ](/news/2014/04/28/post-coup-unrest-in-egypt-an-egyptian-court-hands-down-a-death-sentence-on-638-muslim-brotherhood-supporters-among-them-the-group-s-top-l.md) _Context: Post-coup unrest in Egypt (2013-14)_
9. [Post-coup unrest in Egypt:. An Egyptian court sentences 11 supporters of deposed President Mohammed Morsi to prison terms ranging from five to 88 years for rioting.](/news/2014/04/27/post-coup-unrest-in-egypt-an-egyptian-court-sentences-11-supporters-of-deposed-president-mohammed-morsi-to-prison-terms-ranging-from-five.md) _Context: Post-coup unrest in Egypt (2013-14)_
10. [Post-coup unrest in Egypt:. An Egyptian general is killed and a police officer is injured after a bomb attached to the general's car exploded. ](/news/2014/04/23/post-coup-unrest-in-egypt-an-egyptian-general-is-killed-and-a-police-officer-is-injured-after-a-bomb-attached-to-the-general-s-car-explode.md) _Context: Post-coup unrest in Egypt (2013-14)_
