### [2011-04-27](/news/2011/04/27/index.md)

# Governor Brian Sandoval of Nevada appoints US Congressman Dean Heller to replace Senator John Ensign. 

Republican Congressman Dean Heller is appointed to replace a Nevada senator who is resigning over an inquiry into his affair with an aide.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-us-canada-13214513)

### Related:

1. [Republican Dean Heller is sworn in as a United States Senator representing Nevada replacing John Ensign who resigned. ](/news/2011/05/9/republican-dean-heller-is-sworn-in-as-a-united-states-senator-representing-nevada-replacing-john-ensign-who-resigned.md) _Context: Dean Heller, John Ensign, Nevada_
2. [U.S. Senator John Ensign, a Nevada Republican, announces his resignation from his Senate seat effective May 3, due to allegations he had an affair with the wife of a member of his staff. ](/news/2011/04/21/u-s-senator-john-ensign-a-nevada-republican-announces-his-resignation-from-his-senate-seat-effective-may-3-due-to-allegations-he-had-an.md) _Context: John Ensign, Nevada, United States Senate_
3. [Efforts to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. American Health Care Act of 2017. The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/efforts-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-american-health-care-act-of-2017-the-republican-controlled-united-states.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives, United States Senate_
4. [Cabinet of Donald Trump. The United States Senate, in a 52 to 47 vote, confirms physician and U.S. Representative Tom Price to be Secretary of Health and Human Services. ](/news/2017/02/10/cabinet-of-donald-trump-the-united-states-senate-in-a-52-to-47-vote-confirms-physician-and-u-s-representative-tom-price-to-be-secretary.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives, United States Senate_
5. [The United States Senate and House of Representatives override the veto of President Barack Obama in regards to the Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act. The act narrows the scope of the legal doctrine of foreign sovereign immunity, specifically, in this instance against the sovereign nation of Saudi Arabia. The action is the first such congressional veto override to Obama. ](/news/2016/09/28/the-united-states-senate-and-house-of-representatives-override-the-veto-of-president-barack-obama-in-regards-to-the-justice-against-sponsors.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives, United States Senate_
6. [2016 House Democrats sit-in. Georgia Representative John Lewis leads about 40 U.S. House of Representatives Democrats in a sit-in after the U.S. Senate failed to approve any of four gun control measures Monday night. ](/news/2016/06/22/2016-house-democrats-sit-in-georgia-representative-john-lewis-leads-about-40-u-s-house-of-representatives-democrats-in-a-sit-in-after-the.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives, United States Senate_
7. [The U.S. House passes the 2016 National Defense Authorization Act by a vote of 370-58. In addition to funding the U.S. military, the bill contains provisions for sweeping personnel reforms. The previous version of the bill was vetoed by President Barack Obama. Some sources expect swift passage by the U.S. Senate while other sources are not so optimistic. ](/news/2015/11/6/the-u-s-house-passes-the-2016-national-defense-authorization-act-by-a-vote-of-370-58-in-addition-to-funding-the-u-s-military-the-bill-co.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives, United States Senate_
8. [The U.S. House of Representatives, defying a veto-threat by President Barack Obama, overwhelmingly passes legislation to suspend the Obama administration's program to admit 10,000 Syrian and Iraqi refugees into the country. The bill will now face a vote in the U.S. Senate. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-defying-a-veto-threat-by-president-barack-obama-overwhelmingly-passes-legislation-to-suspend-the-obama-a.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives, United States Senate_
9. [The U.S. House of Representatives passes, by a vote of 266 to 167, a two-year federal budget that is both amenable to the White House and expected to pass in the Senate. ](/news/2015/10/29/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-passes-by-a-vote-of-266-to-167-a-two-year-federal-budget-that-is-both-amenable-to-the-white-house-and-ex.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives, United States Senate_
10. [The United States House of Representatives votes overwhelmingly to end the mass collection of Americans' phone data with the USA Freedom Act passing 338-88 (79%). The bill's passage through the Senate is less certain. ](/news/2015/05/13/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-overwhelmingly-to-end-the-mass-collection-of-americans-phone-data-with-the-usa-freedom-act.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives, United States Senate_
