### [2012-05-8](/news/2012/05/8/index.md)

# Former Libyan rebels who fought to topple Muammar Gaddafi in 2011 launch an attack on the interim Prime Minister Abdurrahim El-Keib's office in Tripoli, Libya. 

The office of Libyan PM Abdurrahim al-Keib is attacked by ex-rebels demanding compensation promised by the government, leaving at least one guard dead.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-17995427)

### Related:

1. [Hannibal Gaddafi, son of Libya's late leader Muammar Gaddafi, who was kidnapped by militants, is released in Baalbek, Lebanon. Gaddafi's abductors said they were seeking information on the fate of Shiite cleric Imam Moussa al-Sadr, who disappeared during a trip to Tripoli in 1978. ](/news/2015/12/11/hannibal-gaddafi-son-of-libya-s-late-leader-muammar-gaddafi-who-was-kidnapped-by-militants-is-released-in-baalbek-lebanon-gaddafi-s-abd.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, Tripoli_
2. [Men in technicals, pickup trucks with anti-aircraft guns, block off and surround the Libyan foreign ministry in the capital Tripoli demanding a ban on Gaddafi-era officials working in the government ](/news/2013/04/28/men-in-technicals-pickup-trucks-with-anti-aircraft-guns-block-off-and-surround-the-libyan-foreign-ministry-in-the-capital-tripoli-demandin.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, Tripoli_
3. [The British government pays PS2.23 million to the family of Sami al-Saadi, who with his wife and young children, was abducted with the help of MI-6, forced onto a plane and secretly flown to Tripoli, where he was tortured for years by the security police of the former dictator Muammar Gaddafi. ](/news/2012/12/13/the-british-government-pays-aps2-23-million-to-the-family-of-sami-al-saadi-who-with-his-wife-and-young-children-was-abducted-with-the-help.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, Tripoli_
4. [Baghdadi Mahmudi, a former Prime Minister of Libya, under Muammar Gaddafi, goes on trial in Tripoli charged with "acts that led to the unjust killing of Libyans". ](/news/2012/12/10/baghdadi-mahmudi-a-former-prime-minister-of-libya-under-muammar-gaddafi-goes-on-trial-in-tripoli-charged-with-acts-that-led-to-the-unjus.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, Tripoli_
5. [2011-present Libyan factional fighting:Authorities in Tripoli announce the capture of Muammar Gaddafi's former spokesman Moussa Ibrahim near the town of Tarhouna, 40 miles south of the capital Tripoli. Ibrahim's whereabouts had been unknown since the end of the civil war in 2011 and there had been several earlier reports of his arrest. Hours later an audio message purported to be by Ibrahim appears online, in which he denies being captured or even being in Libya. ](/news/2012/10/20/2011apresent-libyan-factional-fighting-pauthorities-in-tripoli-announce-the-capture-of-muammar-gaddafi-s-former-spokesman-moussa-ibrahim-n.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, Tripoli_
6. [United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton makes an unannounced visit to the Libyan capital Tripoli, aiming to strengthen ties between the United States and the National Transitional Council, which has established itself as Libya's ruling body following the ousting of Muammar Gaddafi. ](/news/2011/10/18/united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-makes-an-unannounced-visit-to-the-libyan-capital-tripoli-aiming-to-strengthen-ties-between.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, Tripoli_
7. [Tripoli doctor Gassem Baruni tells the Associated Press that Colonel Muammar Gaddafi's daughter Hana Moammar Gadafi - thought to have been killed in 1986 US airstrikes - worked for him as a surgeon before she disappeared on August 25. ](/news/2011/08/31/tripoli-doctor-gassem-baruni-tells-the-associated-press-that-colonel-muammar-gaddafi-s-daughter-hana-moammar-gadafi-thought-to-have-been-k.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, Tripoli_
8. [Libya's National Transitional Council announces plans to move its headquarters to Tripoli following the capture of the city from Muammar Gaddafi. ](/news/2011/08/25/libya-s-national-transitional-council-announces-plans-to-move-its-headquarters-to-tripoli-following-the-capture-of-the-city-from-muammar-gad.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, Tripoli_
9. [Heavy fighting continues in the Libyan capital Tripoli as Muammar Gaddafi's son Saif al-Islam Gaddafi leads a counterattack despite earlier reports of his capture. ](/news/2011/08/23/heavy-fighting-continues-in-the-libyan-capital-tripoli-as-muammar-gaddafi-s-son-saif-al-islam-gaddafi-leads-a-counterattack-despite-earlier.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, Tripoli_
10. [Anti-Muammar Gaddafi rebels make major progress in the 2011 Libyan civil war, advancing into Zawiya, only 50 km west of the capital city, Tripoli. ](/news/2011/08/14/anti-muammar-gaddafi-rebels-make-major-progress-in-the-2011-libyan-civil-war-advancing-into-zawiya-only-50-km-west-of-the-capital-city-tr.md) _Context: Muammar Gaddafi, Tripoli_
