### [2012-05-8](/news/2012/05/8/index.md)

# Thaer Halahla, a Palestinian national on hunger strike for 71 days after being jailed by Israeli authorities, is transferred to a civilian hospital. 

A Palestinian who has been on hunger strike for 71 days in protest at his detention by the Israeli authorities is transferred to a civilian hospital.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-17993499)

### Related:

1. [Hundreds of Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails -- activists say up to 1,500 are participating -- begin an open-ended hunger strike to protest poor conditions and the Israeli policy of detention without trial. ](/news/2017/04/17/hundreds-of-palestinian-prisoners-in-israeli-jails-a-activists-say-up-to-1-500-are-participating-a-begin-an-open-ended-hunger-strike-to.md) _Context: Israel, hunger strike_
2. [Two Palestinian prisoners held in Israel enter the 71st day of their hunger strikes. United Nations Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon expressed his concern about the condition of the hunger strikers. ](/news/2012/05/9/two-palestinian-prisoners-held-in-israel-enter-the-71st-day-of-their-hunger-strikes-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-expressed.md) _Context: Israel, hunger strike_
3. [Over 1,500 Palestinian prisoners in Israeli prisons end their mass hunger strike after reaching an agreement with Israeli authorities in an Egyptian-mediated deal. ](/news/2012/05/14/over-1-500-palestinian-prisoners-in-israeli-prisons-end-their-mass-hunger-strike-after-reaching-an-agreement-with-israeli-authorities-in-an.md) _Context: Israel, hunger strike_
4. [Two Palestinians held in Israeli prisons are reportedly close to death, having refused to eat for 74 days. A further 1,600 prisoners have been on hunger strike since 17 April. Leaders of the strikers wait for a response from the Israeli Prison Service to calls for negotiation on issues such as the allowing of family visits for prisoners from Gaza and the ending of the use of extended solitary confinement. ](/news/2012/05/12/two-palestinians-held-in-israeli-prisons-are-reportedly-close-to-death-having-refused-to-eat-for-74-days-a-further-1-600-prisoners-have-be.md) _Context: Israel, hunger strike_
5. [Israel plans to shut down all of Al Jazeera's operations in the country, alleging support of terrorism. ](/news/2017/08/6/israel-plans-to-shut-down-all-of-al-jazeera-s-operations-in-the-country-alleging-support-of-terrorism.md) _Context: Israel_
6. [The world's oldest man, Polish-Israeli Yisrael Kristal, who was also recognized as the oldest living Holocaust survivor, dies at age 113 years, 330 days, in Haifa, Israel. ](/news/2017/08/11/the-world-s-oldest-man-polishaisraeli-yisrael-kristal-who-was-also-recognized-as-the-oldest-living-holocaust-survivor-dies-at-age-113-y.md) _Context: Israel_
7. [The Israeli government says it will remove metal detectors and some cameras recently installed at the entrances to the Temple Mount in Jerusalem that resulted in a wave of protests and some deaths. Instead, less obtrusive surveillance means will be used. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-israeli-government-says-it-will-remove-metal-detectors-and-some-cameras-recently-installed-at-the-entrances-to-the-temple-mount-in-jerus.md) _Context: Israel_
8. [Israel's embassy staff in Jordan, including a security guard involved in a shooting incident in which two Jordanians were killed yesterday, return to Israel from Amman. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu thanked U.S. President Donald Trump and Jordan's King Abdullah for their help and cooperation. ](/news/2017/07/24/israel-s-embassy-staff-in-jordan-including-a-security-guard-involved-in-a-shooting-incident-in-which-two-jordanians-were-killed-yesterday.md) _Context: Israel_
9. [A shooting at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's  Al-Aqsa Mosque. Another Jordanian man was killed inadvertently. ](/news/2017/07/23/a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordanian-wounded-there-is-s.md) _Context: Israel_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel_
