### [2012-05-8](/news/2012/05/8/index.md)

# The New York Court of Appeals, in The People v. James Kent, rules that merely viewing child pornography (or having a cache of it, as on a cell phone), despite its offensiveness, is not in itself illegal in the state, so long as one is not aware of the cache or did not download the images ono a drive in order to view them; state legislators have stated they will work to close those loopholes through formulation of legislation. Distribution, production, and purposeful possession would still be illegal.




### Source:

1. [Huffington Post](http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/05/10/child-pornography-legal-new-york-porn-possession-james-kent_n_1505916.html?icid=maing-grid7%7Cmain5%7Cdl19%7Csec3_lnk2%26pLid%3D159477)

### Related:

1. [Sheila Abdus-Salaam, an incumbent associate judge of the New York Court of Appeals and the first African-American woman to serve on the Court of Appeals is found dead in the Hudson River. ](/news/2017/04/12/sheila-abdus-salaam-an-incumbent-associate-judge-of-the-new-york-court-of-appeals-and-the-first-african-american-woman-to-serve-on-the-cour.md) _Context: New York Court of Appeals_
2. [The Norwegian newspaper "Aftenposten" accuses Facebook of censorship because of the website's decision to remove the iconic Vietnam War-era photo "napalm girl" as child pornography. ](/news/2016/09/9/the-norwegian-newspaper-aftenposten-accuses-facebook-of-censorship-because-of-the-website-s-decision-to-remove-the-iconic-vietnam-war-er.md) _Context: child pornography_
3. [Former Subway pitchman Jared Fogle reaches a plea deal with U.S. federal prosecutors in Indianapolis. Fogle will plead guilty to possessing and distributing child pornography and traveling across state lines to have sex with at least two teenage girls. Under the deal, he will serve from 5 to 121/2 years in prison, and will also pay $1.4 million in restitution to 14 victims. ](/news/2015/08/20/former-subway-pitchman-jared-fogle-reaches-a-plea-deal-with-u-s-federal-prosecutors-in-indianapolis-fogle-will-plead-guilty-to-possessing.md) _Context: child pornography_
4. [The FBI, U.S. Postal Service, and Indiana State Police seize electronics and other items from the Zionsville, Indiana home of Subway commercial spokesman Jared Fogle. The seizure comes two months after the former head of Fogle's foundation was arrested on child pornography charges. ](/news/2015/07/7/the-fbi-u-s-postal-service-and-indiana-state-police-seize-electronics-and-other-items-from-the-zionsville-indiana-home-of-subway-commerc.md) _Context: child pornography_
5. [In a five-day national dragnet last week, Operation Cross Check, the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) rounds up 2,059 people who had been convicted of crimes and had been living in the country illegally. Most were not violent criminals (none were implicated in terrorism; almost all the 912 misdemeanors were for driving under the influence, DWI; 476 of the felons were charged with an immigration violation, though some were convicted of manslaughter, robbery, rape, and child pornography). ](/news/2015/03/9/in-a-five-day-national-dragnet-last-week-operation-cross-check-the-u-s-immigration-and-customs-enforcement-ice-rounds-up-2-059-people-w.md) _Context: child pornography_
6. [Japan's parliament moves to ban the possession of child pornography. ](/news/2014/06/6/japan-s-parliament-moves-to-ban-the-possession-of-child-pornography.md) _Context: child pornography_
7. [Four people living at the same address in Savannah, Tennessee (3 men and 1 woman), believed to be involved in an area child pornography investigation and who had earlier fled a September 2013 FBI investigation (where computers and cameras were seized) are found dead of gunshot wounds (they may have been drugged) in a murder-suicide on a road in Double Springs, Winston County, Alabama. ](/news/2013/10/8/four-people-living-at-the-same-address-in-savannah-tennessee-3-men-and-1-woman-believed-to-be-involved-in-an-area-child-pornography-inve.md) _Context: child pornography_
8. [Google announces a new system aimed at removing child pornography from the internet. ](/news/2013/06/16/google-announces-a-new-system-aimed-at-removing-child-pornography-from-the-internet.md) _Context: child pornography_
9. [The New York Court of Appeals rules that insurance policyholders opposed to a restructuring plan undertaken by MBIA in 2009 with the approval of its primary regulator, New York's insurance authorities, may sue for fraudulent conveyance in a trial court in that state. ](/news/2011/06/28/the-new-york-court-of-appeals-rules-that-insurance-policyholders-opposed-to-a-restructuring-plan-undertaken-by-mbia-in-2009-with-the-approva.md) _Context: New York Court of Appeals_
10. [Pope Benedict XVI comments on condoms and pedophilia:. Survivors of child sexual abuse carried out by priests react with fury after Pope Benedict XVI's claims that pedophilia wasn't considered an "absolute evil" as recently as the 1970s and that society considers child pornography "normal". ](/news/2010/12/21/pope-benedict-xvi-comments-on-condoms-and-pedophilia-survivors-of-child-sexual-abuse-carried-out-by-priests-react-with-fury-after-pope-ben.md) _Context: child pornography_
