### [2017-01-30](/news/2017/01/30/index.md)

# A petition, launched Sunday to cancel U.S. President Donald Trump's state visit to the United Kingdom later this year, tops 1 million signatures, passing the threshold  for British Parliament debate.  A British government spokesman says the state visit is going ahead as planned. 

The petition suggested it should be canceled &quot;because it would cause embarrassment&quot; to Queen Elizabeth II.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/petition-ban-trump-s-state-visit-uk-reaches-1m-signatures-n714021)

### Related:

1. [On January 18, 2016, the British Parliament will debate a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the United Kingdom because of 'hate speech' that is unacceptable behavior, non-conducive to the public good. The  conclusion reached by the lawmakers will not be binding on the UK government. ](/news/2016/01/5/on-january-18-2016-the-british-parliament-will-debate-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-home-secretary-to-ba.md) _Context: British, British Parliament, Donald Trump, United Kingdom_
2. [The British Parliament debates a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban,  because of 'hate speech,' United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump  from entering the United Kingdom. Almost all of the 50 MPs (member of parliament), of the 650-member legislative body, present  criticized Trump -- especially his comments on Muslims -- but few supported an entry ban. ](/news/2016/01/18/the-british-parliament-debates-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-home-secretary-to-ban-because-of-hate-spee.md) _Context: British Parliament, Donald Trump, United Kingdom_
3. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to ''The New York Times''. British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United Kingdom-United States relations_
4. [British Prime Minister  Theresa May meets with U.S. President Donald Trump at the White House in Washington, D.C.. This is the first visit by a foreign leader since Trump's inauguration last Friday. ](/news/2017/01/27/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-meets-with-u-s-president-donald-trump-at-the-white-house-in-washington-d-c-this-is-the-first-visit-b.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United Kingdom-United States relations_
5. [The Supreme Court of the United Kingdom rules that the Government of the United Kingdom may not begin the formal Brexit process until Parliament votes in approval of the move.  ](/news/2017/01/24/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-kingdom-rules-that-the-government-of-the-united-kingdom-may-not-begin-the-formal-brexit-process-until-parlia.md) _Context: British, British Parliament_
6. [U.S. President Donald Trump nominates New York Jets owner Woody Johnson to be the next United States Ambassador to the United Kingdom. ](/news/2017/01/20/u-s-president-donald-trump-nominates-new-york-jets-owner-woody-johnson-to-be-the-next-united-states-ambassador-to-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United Kingdom-United States relations_
7. [The United Kingdom's Foreign Office issues a travel advisory for gay people concerning travel to parts of the United States due to new legislation in North Carolina and Mississippi.  ](/news/2016/04/20/the-united-kingdom-s-foreign-office-issues-a-travel-advisory-for-gay-people-concerning-travel-to-parts-of-the-united-states-due-to-new-legis.md) _Context: United Kingdom, United Kingdom-United States relations_
8. [Flights between the United Kingdom and the Egyptian city of Sharm el-Sheikh are suspended due to concerns of the British government that the crash was caused by an "explosive device". ](/news/2015/11/4/flights-between-the-united-kingdom-and-the-egyptian-city-of-sharm-el-sheikh-are-suspended-due-to-concerns-of-the-british-government-that-the.md) _Context: British, United Kingdom_
9. [Britain is reviewing the powers of the House of Lords after the unelected peers stalled legislation yesterday that would have eliminated some tax allowances for the nation's poor. Senior Conservatives say the upper chamber of Parliament stepped out of their usual roles as technical overseers of legislation. However,  Conservative MP David Davis warned that such a move was "bully politics" that would "disgust" the public. ](/news/2015/10/27/britain-is-reviewing-the-powers-of-the-house-of-lords-after-the-unelected-peers-stalled-legislation-yesterday-that-would-have-eliminated-som.md) _Context: British Parliament, United Kingdom_
10. [Saudi Arabian ambassador to the United Kingdom Prince Mohammed bin Nawaf bin Abdulaziz, in an op-ed piece in the ''The Daily Telegraph'', warns of "potentially serious repercussions" for the two countries' relationship unless a more respectful discourse developed.  At issue is London's withdrawal from a PS5.9m (US$9.1m) prison deal with Saudi Arabia which has been linked to London's concerns about a death penalty case and a case involving Karl Andree, a 74-year-old Briton who faces 350 lashes. Today, the Saudi Supreme Court confirmed Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr's death sentence. ](/news/2015/10/26/saudi-arabian-ambassador-to-the-united-kingdom-prince-mohammed-bin-nawaf-bin-abdulaziz-in-an-op-ed-piece-in-the-the-daily-telegraph-wa.md) _Context: British, United Kingdom_
