### [2017-01-30](/news/2017/01/30/index.md)

# In Ankara, the Turkish government opens the trial of 270 suspects charged in July's failed coup in Ankara. The defendants include, "in absentia", the alleged mastermind Fethullah Gulen, former NATO Chief of Staff Major General Salih Sevil, and other high-ranking military officials. 

Turkey on Monday opened the biggest trial yet over the failed July coup aimed at ousting President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, trying 270 suspects including, in absentia, the alleged mastermind Fethullah Gulen. The suspects, 152 of whom are in pre-trial detention, include ex high-ranking military officials


### Source:

1. [Yahoo! News](https://www.yahoo.com/news/turkey-puts-gulen-269-others-trial-over-coup-110730149.html)

### Related:

1. [About 330 people with alleged links to last year's coup attempt stand trial at a prison outside Ankara on charges of murder and attempting to overthrow the government, the largest trial to date. ](/news/2017/02/28/about-330-people-with-alleged-links-to-last-year-s-coup-attempt-stand-trial-at-a-prison-outside-ankara-on-charges-of-murder-and-attempting-t.md) _Context: Ankara, last year's coup attempt_
2. [The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails-to-uphold-the-principles-of-democ.md) _Context: NATO, last year's coup attempt_
3. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: NATO_
4. [The Turkish interior ministry announces that 130 people, living outside the country and suspected of militant links, will lose their citizenship unless they return to Turkey within three months and meet government standards. Named suspects include U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, and Peoples' Democratic Party leaders Faysal Sariyildiz, Tugba Hezer, and Ozdal Ucer. ](/news/2017/06/5/the-turkish-interior-ministry-announces-that-130-people-living-outside-the-country-and-suspected-of-militant-links-will-lose-their-citizen.md) _Context: Fethullah Gulen_
5. [Montenegro officially joins NATO as its 29th member at a ceremony in Washington, D.C. ](/news/2017/06/5/montenegro-officially-joins-nato-as-its-29th-member-at-a-ceremony-in-washington-d-c.md) _Context: NATO_
6. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: NATO_
7. [A suicide bombing attack on a NATO convoy in Kabul kills eight civilians and wounds at least 28 people. ](/news/2017/05/3/a-suicide-bombing-attack-on-a-nato-convoy-in-kabul-kills-eight-civilians-and-wounds-at-least-28-people.md) _Context: NATO_
8. [The Turkish government issues an arrest warrant for NBA Oklahoma City Thunder player Enes Kanter suspected of being a member of a "terror group." Kanter, a vocal supporter of Fethullah Gulen, was returning to the U.S. from a charity tour when, last Saturday, he was detained in Bucharest, Romania, because his Turkish passport had been revoked. Kanter says he plans on becoming a United States citizen. ](/news/2017/05/26/the-turkish-government-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-nba-oklahoma-city-thunder-player-enes-kanter-suspected-of-being-a-member-of-a-terror-gr.md) _Context: Fethullah Gulen_
9. [British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connection-with-monday-s-manchester-bombing-attack-for-most-of-the-day.md) _Context: NATO_
10. [ Enes Kanter, a Turkish player with the NBA's Oklahoma City Thunder, returns to the U.S. after having been briefly detained in Bucharest. Kanter alleged that his public opposition to Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan and support of exiled Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen had led to the cancellation of his Turkish passport. ](/news/2017/05/21/enes-kanter-a-turkish-player-with-the-nba-s-oklahoma-city-thunder-returns-to-the-u-s-after-having-been-briefly-detained-in-bucharest-ka.md) _Context: Fethullah Gulen_
