### [2017-01-30](/news/2017/01/30/index.md)

# In Ankara, the Turkish government opens  the trial  of 270 suspects charged in July's failed coup in Ankara.  The defendants include, ''in absentia'', the alleged mastermind Fethullah Gulen, former NATO  Chief of Staff Major General Salih Sevil, and other high-ranking military officials. 

Turkey on Monday opened the biggest trial yet over the failed July coup aimed at ousting President Recep Tayyip Erdogan, trying 270 suspects including, in absentia, the alleged mastermind Fethullah Gulen. The suspects, 152 of whom are in pre-trial detention, include ex high-ranking military officials


### Source:

1. [Yahoo! News](https://www.yahoo.com/news/turkey-puts-gulen-269-others-trial-over-coup-110730149.html)

### Related:

1. [About 330 people with alleged links to last year's coup attempt stand trial at a prison outside Ankara on charges of murder and attempting to overthrow the government, the largest trial to date. ](/news/2017/02/28/about-330-people-with-alleged-links-to-last-year-s-coup-attempt-stand-trial-at-a-prison-outside-ankara-on-charges-of-murder-and-attempting-t.md) _Context: Ankara, last year's coup attempt_
2. [The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails-to-uphold-the-principles-of-democ.md) _Context: NATO, last year's coup attempt_
3. [A suicide bombing attack on a NATO convoy in Kabul kills eight civilians and wounds at least 28 people. ](/news/2017/05/3/a-suicide-bombing-attack-on-a-nato-convoy-in-kabul-kills-eight-civilians-and-wounds-at-least-28-people.md) _Context: NATO_
4. [The Parliament of Montenegro votes 46-0 to ratify Montenegro's membership of NATO, while opposition politicians boycott the vote and hold protests. ](/news/2017/04/28/the-parliament-of-montenegro-votes-46a0-to-ratify-montenegro-s-membership-of-nato-while-opposition-politicians-boycott-the-vote-and-hold.md) _Context: NATO_
5. [At a NATO meeting, German foreign minister Sigmar Gabriel rejects as "quite unrealistic" the belief that Germany would spend 2% of GDP on the military. He says other spending such as development aid should be taken into account. ](/news/2017/03/31/at-a-nato-meeting-german-foreign-minister-sigmar-gabriel-rejects-as-quite-unrealistic-the-belief-that-germany-would-spend-2-of-gdp-on-th.md) _Context: NATO_
6. [Russian Special Envoy to Afghanistan Zamir Kabulov denies allegations by NATO Commander Gen. Curtis Scaparrotti that Russia was "perhaps" supplying the Taliban. ](/news/2017/03/24/russian-special-envoy-to-afghanistan-zamir-kabulov-denies-allegations-by-nato-commander-gen-curtis-scaparrotti-that-russia-was-perhaps-su.md) _Context: NATO_
7. [Eight hundred British Army troops arrive in Estonia as part of NATO's Enhanced Forward Presence to deter Russian aggression in Eastern Europe. ](/news/2017/03/18/eight-hundred-british-army-troops-arrive-in-estonia-as-part-of-nato-s-enhanced-forward-presence-to-deter-russian-aggression-in-eastern-europ.md) _Context: NATO_
8. [Turkey bans the Dutch ambassador, Cornelis Van Rij, from returning to the Embassy of the Netherlands in Ankara, and closes its airspace to Dutch diplomats in response to a Dutch ban on Turkish ministers speaking at pro-Erdogan rallies. ](/news/2017/03/13/turkey-bans-the-dutch-ambassador-cornelis-van-rij-from-returning-to-the-embassy-of-the-netherlands-in-ankara-and-closes-its-airspace-to-d.md) _Context: Ankara_
9. [The Turkish government dismisses more than 4,400 public servants from their jobs in the latest purge within the country following a failed coup attempt last year. ](/news/2017/02/8/the-turkish-government-dismisses-more-than-4-400-public-servants-from-their-jobs-in-the-latest-purge-within-the-country-following-a-failed-c.md) _Context: last year's coup attempt_
10. [A Montenegrin prosecutor accuses Russian authorities of being involved in the October 2016 coup plot in order to halt Montenegro's accession to NATO. Russian officials dismiss the allegations as "absurd." ](/news/2017/02/20/a-montenegrin-prosecutor-accuses-russian-authorities-of-being-involved-in-the-october-2016-coup-plot-in-order-to-halt-montenegro-s-accession.md) _Context: NATO_
