### [2017-01-30](/news/2017/01/30/index.md)

# Philippine Drug War: Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte suspends the war on drugs so resources can focus on ridding -corrupt- officers from the Philippine National Police. The "cause celebre" is the kidnapping and strangulation of South Korean businessman Jee Ick-joo last October. 

The Philippine police are to suspend their controversial war on drugs until &ldquo;corrupt&rdquo; officers can be rooted out, the chief of the force said on Monday, following the killing of a South Korean businessman.


### Source:

1. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/01/30/duterte-has-suspended-war-drugs-can-hunt-corrupt-police-officers/)

### Related:

1. [Philippine Drug War: After a temporary suspension due to the kidnapping and killing of a South Korean national, Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte orders the Philippine National Police to resume his controversial campaign. ](/news/2017/03/1/philippine-drug-war-after-a-temporary-suspension-due-to-the-kidnapping-and-killing-of-a-south-korean-national-philippine-president-rodrigo.md) _Context: Philippine National Police, Rodrigo Duterte, South Korea, drug war, kidnapping and killing of_
2. [Philippine Drug War: Datu Saudi-Ampatuan mayor Samsudin Dimaukom, publicly accused by Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte of involvement in the illegal drug trade, is killed, along with nine others, by Philippine police at a highway checkpoint in what police describe as an anti-drug operation. ](/news/2016/10/28/philippine-drug-war-datu-saudi-ampatuan-mayor-samsudin-dimaukom-publicly-accused-by-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-of-involvement-in.md) _Context: Philippine National Police, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
3. [Philippines-United States relations: U.S. President Barack Obama cancels a scheduled meeting with the President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, after Duterte referred to Obama as a "son of a whore", while adding "I am no American puppet", in response to Obama's recent criticism of his war on drugs. ](/news/2016/09/5/philippines-united-states-relations-u-s-president-barack-obama-cancels-a-scheduled-meeting-with-the-president-of-the-philippines-rodrig.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
4. [Philippine Drug War: With 2,400 people dead so far, Rodrigo Duterte, the President of the Philippines, says that "plenty will be killed" in the war against drugs. ](/news/2016/09/5/philippine-drug-war-with-2-400-people-dead-so-far-rodrigo-duterte-the-president-of-the-philippines-says-that-plenty-will-be-killed-in.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
5. [Philippine Drug War: President Rodrigo Duterte releases a list of politicians, police officers and military personnel allegedly involved in the illicit drug trade. ](/news/2016/08/7/philippine-drug-war-president-rodrigo-duterte-releases-a-list-of-politicians-police-officers-and-military-personnel-allegedly-involved-in.md) _Context: Philippine National Police, Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
6. [Human rights in the Philippines; Philippine Drug War: Ten people are killed by the Philippine National Police within a week after Rodrigo Duterte took office as president and made statements encouraging the murder of illegal drug addicts. ](/news/2016/07/3/human-rights-in-the-philippines-philippine-drug-war-ten-people-are-killed-by-the-philippine-national-police-within-a-week-after-rodrigo-du.md) _Context: Philippine National Police, Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
7. [Crime in the Philippines; Philippine Drug War: Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte urges Filipino citizens to murder people suspected of using illegal drugs. ](/news/2016/07/1/crime-in-the-philippines-philippine-drug-war-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-urges-filipino-citizens-to-murder-people-suspected-of-u.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, drug war_
8. [Regions of the Philippines: President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte abolishes the Negros Island Region (first created in 2015 by his predecessor) through Executive Order no. 38, citing lack of funds to fully establish the region. Negros Occidental reverts back to the Western Visayas region, Negros Oriental back to the Central Visayas region. ](/news/2017/08/9/regions-of-the-philippines-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-abolishes-the-negros-island-region-first-created-in-2015-by-his-pr.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
9. [Philippine Drug War: At least 25 people are killed and 48 are arrested by the Philippine National Police Manila Police District in consecutive anti-drug operations in Manila within 24 hours. ](/news/2017/08/17/philippine-drug-war-at-least-25-people-are-killed-and-48-are-arrested-by-the-philippine-national-police-manila-police-district-in-consecuti.md) _Context: Philippine National Police, drug war_
10. [Martial law in the Philippines: The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/martial-law-in-the-philippines-the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-l.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
