### [2017-01-30](/news/2017/01/30/index.md)

# Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte suspends the war on drugs so  resources can focus on ridding "corrupt" officers from the Philippine National Police. The ''cause celebre'' is the kidnapping and strangulation of South Korean businessman  Jee Ick-joo last October. 

The Philippine police are to suspend their controversial war on drugs until &ldquo;corrupt&rdquo; officers can be rooted out, the chief of the force said on Monday, following the killing of a South Korean businessman.


### Source:

1. [The Daily Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2017/01/30/duterte-has-suspended-war-drugs-can-hunt-corrupt-police-officers/)

### Related:

1. [After a temporary suspension due to the kidnapping and killing of a South Korean national, Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte orders the Philippine National Police to resume his controversial campaign. ](/news/2017/03/1/after-a-temporary-suspension-due-to-the-kidnapping-and-killing-of-a-south-korean-national-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-orders-the-p.md) _Context: Philippine National Police, Philippines's war against illegal drugs, Rodrigo Duterte, South Korea, kidnapping and killing of_
2. [Datu Saudi-Ampatuan mayor Samsudin Dimaukom, publicly accused by Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte of involvement in the illegal drug trade, is killed, along with nine others, by Philippine police at a  highway checkpoint in what police describe as an anti-drug operation. ](/news/2016/10/28/datu-saudi-ampatuan-mayor-samsudin-dimaukom-publicly-accused-by-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-of-involvement-in-the-illegal-drug-tra.md) _Context: Philippine National Police, Philippines's war against illegal drugs, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
3. [With 2,400 people dead so far, Rodrigo Duterte, the President of the Philippines, says that "plenty will be killed" in the war against drugs. ](/news/2016/09/5/with-2-400-people-dead-so-far-rodrigo-duterte-the-president-of-the-philippines-says-that-plenty-will-be-killed-in-the-war-against-drugs.md) _Context: Philippines's war against illegal drugs, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
4. [U.S. President Barack Obama cancels a scheduled meeting with the President of the Philippines,  Rodrigo Duterte, after Duterte referred to Obama as a "son of a whore", while adding "I am no American puppet", in response to Obama's recent criticism of his war on drugs. ](/news/2016/09/5/u-s-president-barack-obama-cancels-a-scheduled-meeting-with-the-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-after-duterte-referred-to-o.md) _Context: Philippines's war against illegal drugs, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
5. [President Rodrigo Duterte releases a list of politicians, police officers and military personnel allegedly involved in the illicit drug trade. ](/news/2016/08/7/president-rodrigo-duterte-releases-a-list-of-politicians-police-officers-and-military-personnel-allegedly-involved-in-the-illicit-drug-trad.md) _Context: Philippine National Police, Philippines's war against illegal drugs, Rodrigo Duterte_
6. [Human rights in the Philippines; Ten people are killed by the Philippine National Police within a week after Rodrigo Duterte took office as president and made statements encouraging the murder of illegal drug addicts. ](/news/2016/07/3/human-rights-in-the-philippines-ten-people-are-killed-by-the-philippine-national-police-within-a-week-after-rodrigo-duterte-took-office-as.md) _Context: Philippine National Police, Philippines's war against illegal drugs, Rodrigo Duterte_
7. [Crime in the Philippines; Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte urges Filipino citizens to murder people suspected of using illegal drugs. ](/news/2016/07/1/crime-in-the-philippines-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-urges-filipino-citizens-to-murder-people-suspected-of-using-illegal-drugs.md) _Context: Philippines's war against illegal drugs, President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
8. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-law-in-the-whole-philippines-two.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
9. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte plans to appeal to the Congress of the Philippines to extend Proclamation No. 216 (martial law on the whole of Mindanao, which will end on 22 July 10 PM PST) until the end of 2017, due to constitutional constraints as well as the ongoing Marawi crisis. ](/news/2017/07/18/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-plans-to-appeal-to-the-congress-of-the-philippines-to-extend-proclamation-no-216-martial-law.md) _Context: President of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
10. [Former President of the Philippines Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III is indicted (among others) by the Office of the Ombudsman for his failure in handling the 2015 Mamasapano clash, which resulted in the deaths of 44 members of the Special Action Forces of the Philippine National Police. Aquino's legal team has vowed to appeal for a motion for reconsideration; as well as the group Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption (representing the victims' families), against what they call a "weak case" (citing Aquino's charges of "graft" & "usurpation of authority", instead of "reckless imprudence resulting in multiple homicide") ](/news/2017/07/14/former-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-noynoy-aquino-iii-is-indicted-among-others-by-the-office-of-the-ombudsman-for-his-failure-in.md) _Context: Philippine National Police, President of the Philippines_
