### [2017-01-30](/news/2017/01/30/index.md)

#  The Russian Defence Ministry says six Russian bombers hit ISIL positions in Syria's Deir ez-Zor Governorate. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-russia-bombers-idUSKBN15E1KN)

### Related:

1. [For the first time, Russia strikes Islamic State targets in northern Syria with 3M-54 Klub (Kalibr) cruise missiles launched from a Kilo-class submarine in the Mediterranean, according to the Russian Minister of Defence, Sergey Shoygu. ](/news/2015/12/8/for-the-first-time-russia-strikes-islamic-state-targets-in-northern-syria-with-3m-54-klub-kalibr-cruise-missiles-launched-from-a-kilo-cla.md) _Context: ISIL, Ministry of Defence, Russian military intervention, Syria_
2. [ISIL militants and their families, estimated to be around 600 people, begin to leave their strongholds on the Lebanon-Syria border and Qalamun Mountains for the Deir ez-Zor Governorate under Syrian military escort. A ceasefire was reached between warring parties yesterday. ](/news/2017/08/28/isil-militants-and-their-families-estimated-to-be-around-600-people-begin-to-leave-their-strongholds-on-the-lebanonasyria-border-and-qal.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor Governorate, ISIL, Syria_
3. [Russian President Vladimir Putin orders Defence Minister Sergey Shoygu to start the withdrawal of Russian Armed Forces from Syria, saying during a meeting with Shoygu, "I consider the objectives that have been set for the Defense Ministry to be generally accomplished. That is why I order to start withdrawal of the main part of our military group from the territory of the Syrian Arab Republic starting from tomorrow." ](/news/2016/03/14/russian-president-vladimir-putin-orders-defence-minister-sergey-shoygu-to-start-the-withdrawal-of-russian-armed-forces-from-syria-saying-du.md) _Context: Ministry of Defence, Russian military intervention, Syria_
4. [Airstrikes on Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant-controlled areas in Syria's eastern Deir ez-Zor Governorate, leaves at least 47 civilians dead, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2016/01/23/airstrikes-on-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-controlled-areas-in-syria-s-eastern-deir-ez-zor-governorate-leaves-at-least-47-civilians.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor Governorate, ISIL, Syria_
5. [Syrian state news reports clashes between Syrian Armed Forces and the Islamic State in eastern Syria's Deir ez-Zor province result in the deaths of 58 militants. ](/news/2015/11/8/syrian-state-news-reports-clashes-between-syrian-armed-forces-and-the-islamic-state-in-eastern-syria-s-deir-ez-zor-province-result-in-the-de.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor Governorate, ISIL, Syria_
6. [Russian warships launch cruise missiles from the Caspian Sea against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant positions in Syria's eastern Deir ez-Zor. Russian Defense Minister, Sergey Shoigu, reported over 600 terrorists were killed in the strikes. Video footage also emerged of Russian ground crew servicemen writing the words "For Paris" on bombs to be dropped on ISIL targets in a show of solidarity with France in the wake of the November 13 terror attacks that left 130 people dead in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/20/russian-warships-launch-cruise-missiles-from-the-caspian-sea-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-positions-in-syria-s-eastern-deir.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor Governorate, ISIL, Syria_
7. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information-from-tribal-leader.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor Governorate, ISIL_
8. [ Lebanese Armed Forces are attacked by five suicide bombers and other militants during a raid of two Syrian refugee camps in Arsal near the Syrian border. The army reports a girl was killed in one of the suicide attacks, seven soldiers were also wounded, and 350 people, including several ISIL officials, were detained during the sweep. ](/news/2017/06/30/lebanese-armed-forces-are-attacked-by-five-suicide-bombers-and-other-militants-during-a-raid-of-two-syrian-refugee-camps-in-arsal-near-the.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria_
9. [The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria-following-russia-s-threat-that-it-would-treat-any-ai.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria_
10. [Iran fires medium range ballistic missiles from western Iran to ISIL targets in Deir ez-Zor Governorate, eastern Syria, in retaliation for the June 7 Tehran attacks. ](/news/2017/06/18/iran-fires-medium-range-ballistic-missiles-from-western-iran-to-isil-targets-in-deir-ez-zor-governorate-eastern-syria-in-retaliation-for-t.md) _Context: Deir ez-Zor Governorate, Syria_
