### [2017-01-30](/news/2017/01/30/index.md)

# United Kingdom-United States relations: A petition, launched Sunday to cancel U.S. President Donald Trump's state visit to the United Kingdom later this year, tops 1 million signatures, passing the threshold for British Parliament debate. A British government spokesman says the state visit is going ahead as planned. 

The petition suggested it should be canceled &quot;because it would cause embarrassment&quot; to Queen Elizabeth II.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/petition-ban-trump-s-state-visit-uk-reaches-1m-signatures-n714021)

### Related:

1. [United States presidential election, 2016: On January 18, 2016, the British Parliament will debate a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the United Kingdom because of 'hate speech' that is unacceptable behavior, non-conducive to the public good. The conclusion reached by the lawmakers will not be binding on the UK government. ](/news/2016/01/5/united-states-presidential-election-2016-on-january-18-2016-the-british-parliament-will-debate-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-p.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, Britain, Donald Trump, Parliament_
2. [United Kingdom-United States relations: The Trump Administration announces this year's presidential state visit to the United Kingdom is delayed until at least 2018. Both the White House and 10 Downing Street state the two countries had been unable to agree on a 2017 date. This planned visit has drawn protests in the United Kingdom since February, and more than 1.8 million signatures on a petition to Parliament to cancel the meeting. ](/news/2017/07/11/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-the-trump-administration-announces-this-year-s-presidential-state-visit-to-the-united-kingdom-is-d.md) _Context: Britain, Parliament, United Kingdom-United States relations_
3. [United Kingdom-United States relations: "The Guardian" reports that U.S. President Donald Trump has postponed his visit to the United Kingdom, according to a U.K. adviser who said Mr. Trump recently telephoned 10 Downing Street with this information. Both Prime Minister Theresa May's office and the White House deny this report. ](/news/2017/06/11/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-the-guardian-reports-that-u-s-president-donald-trump-has-postponed-his-visit-to-the-united-king.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, Donald Trump, United Kingdom-United States relations_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016: The British Parliament debates a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban, because of 'hate speech,' United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the United Kingdom. Almost all of the 50 MPs (member of parliament), of the 650-member legislative body, present criticized Trump -- especially his comments on Muslims -- but few supported an entry ban. ](/news/2016/01/18/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-british-parliament-debates-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-ho.md) _Context: Britain, Donald Trump, Parliament_
5. [United Kingdom-United States relations: 2017 Brussels summit: British police suspend sharing intelligence with the United States in connection with Monday's Manchester bombing attack for most of the day, after U.S. officials allegedly leak "sensitive information" to "The New York Times". British Prime Minister Theresa May emphasized the sensitive nature of said information when she met with U.S. President Donald Trump during their meeting at the NATO summit in Brussels. Trump calls for an investigation into the leaks. ](/news/2017/05/25/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-2017-brussels-summit-british-police-suspend-sharing-intelligence-with-the-united-states-in-connec.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United Kingdom-United States relations_
6. [United Kingdom-United States relations: British Prime Minister Theresa May meets with U.S. President Donald Trump at the White House in Washington, D.C.. This is the first visit by a foreign leader since Trump's inauguration last Friday. ](/news/2017/01/27/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-british-prime-minister-theresa-may-meets-with-u-s-president-donald-trump-at-the-white-house-in-wa.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United Kingdom-United States relations_
7. [R (Miller) v Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union: The Supreme Court of the United Kingdom rules that the Government of the United Kingdom may not begin the formal Brexit process until Parliament votes in approval of the move. ](/news/2017/01/24/r-miller-v-secretary-of-state-for-exiting-the-european-union-the-supreme-court-of-the-united-kingdom-rules-that-the-government-of-the-uni.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, Parliament_
8. [United Kingdom-United States relations: U.S. President Donald Trump nominates New York Jets owner Woody Johnson to be the next United States Ambassador to the United Kingdom. ](/news/2017/01/20/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-u-s-president-donald-trump-nominates-new-york-jets-owner-woody-johnson-to-be-the-next-united-stat.md) _Context: Donald Trump, United Kingdom-United States relations_
9. [United Kingdom-United States relations: The United Kingdom's Foreign Office issues a travel advisory for gay people concerning travel to parts of the United States due to new legislation in North Carolina and Mississippi. ](/news/2016/04/20/united-kingdom-united-states-relations-the-united-kingdom-s-foreign-office-issues-a-travel-advisory-for-gay-people-concerning-travel-to-p.md) _Context: Britain, United Kingdom-United States relations_
10. [Kogalymavia Flight 9268: Flights between the United Kingdom and the Egyptian city of Sharm el-Sheikh are suspended due to concerns of the British government that the crash was caused by an "explosive device". ](/news/2015/11/4/kogalymavia-flight-9268-flights-between-the-united-kingdom-and-the-egyptian-city-of-sharm-el-sheikh-are-suspended-due-to-concerns-of-the-br.md) _Context: 10 Downing Street, Britain_
