### [2017-01-30](/news/2017/01/30/index.md)

# White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer, during the daily press briefing, says State Department officials should follow the President's program or get new jobs . 

The White House clashed Monday with a large group of American diplomats who are voicing dissent with Donald Trump’s temporary travel ban on citizens from seven Muslim majority countries.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''Law Vegas Review-Journal](http://www.reviewjournal.com/news/politics-and-government/us-diplomats-challenge-trump-travel-ban)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-us-canada-38805944)
3. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2017/01/30/politics/career-diplomats-dissent-memo/)
4. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/30/us/politics/trump-immigration-ban-memo.html?_r=0)
4. [Cover Image](http://www.reviewjournal.com/sites/default/files/field/media/31915503sfxl_7882285.jpg%3Fresize%3D750%3A500)

### Related:

1. [White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer announces his intention to resign as White House Press Secretary due to Donald Trump's appointment of Anthony Scaramucci as the White House Communications Director, and will formally step down from the role in August 2017. Sarah Huckabee Sanders will take over as the White House Press Secretary in August 2017. ](/news/2017/07/21/white-house-press-secretary-sean-spicer-announces-his-intention-to-resign-as-white-house-press-secretary-due-to-donald-trump-s-appointment-o.md) _Context: Sean Spicer, White House Press Secretary_
2. [Citing a drop in demand, the Dubai-based, United Arab Emirates-owned airline Emirates Air announces a cut in flights to five of its 12 U.S. destinations. The airline's Dubai hub, third-busiest in the world, is a major stop for travelers in countries affected by President Donald Trump's travel ban, and is also one of several Middle East airports affected by a U.S. ban on tablets, laptops, and similar devices in the passenger cabin. ](/news/2017/04/19/citing-a-drop-in-demand-the-dubai-based-united-arab-emirates-owned-airline-emirates-air-announces-a-cut-in-flights-to-five-of-its-12-u-s.md) _Context: President Donald Trump's travel ban_
3. [U.S. President Donald Trump signs a revised version of Executive Order 13769 eliminating Iraq from the order and reducing the indefinite suspension of Syrian refugees to 120 days. The order will be in effect on March 16, 2017. ](/news/2017/03/6/u-s-president-donald-trump-signs-a-revised-version-of-executive-order-13769-eliminating-iraq-from-the-order-and-reducing-the-indefinite-sus.md) _Context: President Donald Trump's travel ban_
4. [The State Department memorandum about concerns with this travel ban is submitted to acting Secretary of State Tom Shannon through the federal government's Dissent Channel. This protest memo had between 900-1,000 signatures. Department officials said these signatures are far more than any dissent cable in recent years, adding more diplomats want to add their names to it. ](/news/2017/01/31/the-state-department-memorandum-about-concerns-with-this-travel-ban-is-submitted-to-acting-secretary-of-state-tom-shannon-through-the-federa.md) _Context: President Donald Trump's travel ban_
5. [The Iraqi Parliament votes in favour of a reciprocal travel ban on U.S. citizens if U.S. President Donald Trump's executive order barring citizens of Iraq and six other Muslim-majority countries is not reversed. The Iraqi travel ban will not be implemented while tens of thousands of U.S. soldiers and contractors are involved in the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2017/01/30/the-iraqi-parliament-votes-in-favour-of-a-reciprocal-travel-ban-on-u-s-citizens-if-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-executive-order-barring-ci.md) _Context: President Donald Trump's travel ban_
6. [U.S. federal judges in the states of Massachusetts, Virginia, and Washington sign orders halting implementation of parts of the executive order. ](/news/2017/01/29/u-s-federal-judges-in-the-states-of-massachusetts-virginia-and-washington-sign-orders-halting-implementation-of-parts-of-the-executive-or.md) _Context: President Donald Trump's travel ban_
7. [Travelers from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen are blocked from entering the United States as the executive order takes effect. ](/news/2017/01/28/travelers-from-iran-iraq-libya-somalia-sudan-syria-and-yemen-are-blocked-from-entering-the-united-states-as-the-executive-order-takes.md) _Context: President Donald Trump's travel ban_
8. [President Trump signs an executive order limiting refugees and immigration from seven Muslim-majority countries, including Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. The order also prioritizes the vetting of Christian refugees of the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/27/president-trump-signs-an-executive-order-limiting-refugees-and-immigration-from-seven-muslim-majority-countries-including-iran-iraq-libya.md) _Context: President Donald Trump's travel ban_
9. [White House Press Secretary Jay Carney reveals that Osama bin Laden was not armed but did put up resistance when U.S. forces entered his compound. ](/news/2011/05/3/white-house-press-secretary-jay-carney-reveals-that-osama-bin-laden-was-not-armed-but-did-put-up-resistance-when-u-s-forces-entered-his-com.md) _Context: White House Press Secretary_
10. [ Former White House Press Secretary Scott McClellan claims that United States President George W. Bush was involved in the Plame affair. ](/news/2007/11/21/former-white-house-press-secretary-scott-mcclellan-claims-that-united-states-president-george-w-bush-was-involved-in-the-plame-affair.md) _Context: White House Press Secretary_
