### [2006-11-8](/news/2006/11/8/index.md)

#  United States general elections, 2006: The Associated Press declares Democrat Jim Webb as the winner of the 2006 Senate elections in Virginia. This would give the Democratic Party of the United States an effective majority if Independents Joe Lieberman and Bernie Sanders caucus with the Democrats.

Democrat Amy Klobuchar sailed to an easy victory in the U.S. Senate race Tuesday, capitalizing on voter anger over the Iraq war to become Minnesota&#039;s first elected female senator. 


### Source:

1. [AP via Kane County Chronicle](http://www.kcchronicle.com/MainSection/296664502305545.php)
2. [AP via MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/15623951/)
3. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/R/RUMSFELD_RESIGNS?SITE=TXHAR&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT)
4. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2006/POLITICS/11/08/election.main/index.html)
5. [Minnesota Public Radio](http://minnesota.publicradio.org/display/web/2006/11/07/kloken)
6. [Yahoo](http://news.yahoo.com/s/ap/20061109/ap_on_el_se/democrats_senate)

### Related:

1. [The former Democratic National Committee chair and ex-CNN contributor Donna Brazile admits that she had forwarded some debate questions to Hillary Clinton's campaign during last year's Democratic primary before two debates with Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-former-democratic-national-committee-chair-and-ex-cnn-contributor-donna-brazile-admits-that-she-had-forwarded-some-debate-questions-to-h.md) _Context: Bernie Sanders_
2. [Presidency of Donald Trump: The Trump White House bars "The New York Times", CNN, the "Los Angeles Times", the "New York Daily News", "The Hill", the "Daily Mail", BBC, Politico, and BuzzFeed from a Friday press "gaggle." Generally conservative, mostly new, outlets were permitted entry, such as Breitbart News, One America News Network, and "The Washington Times". Also allowed in were ABC News, CBS News, NBC News, "The Wall Street Journal", Bloomberg News, and Fox News. "Time" magazine and the Associated Press could have attended but chose not to in protest. The White House Correspondents- Association, which represents the press corps, quickly rebuked the White House-s actions. ](/news/2017/02/24/presidency-of-donald-trump-the-trump-white-house-bars-the-new-york-times-cnn-the-los-angeles-times-the-new-york-daily-news-the-h.md) _Context: Associated Press_
3. [2016 Oakland warehouse fire: Authorities report the death toll has risen to 36. Alameda County Sheriff Gregory Ahern told the Associated Press they don't believe additional bodies will be found in the debris. ](/news/2016/12/5/2016-oakland-warehouse-fire-authorities-report-the-death-toll-has-risen-to-36-alameda-county-sheriff-gregory-ahern-told-the-associated-pre.md) _Context: Associated Press_
4. [North Carolina gubernatorial election, 2016: The recount in North Carolina continues amid pressure towards Republican candidate Pat McCrory to accept his defeat by Democratic nominee Roy Cooper. ](/news/2016/11/30/north-carolina-gubernatorial-election-2016-the-recount-in-north-carolina-continues-amid-pressure-towards-republican-candidate-pat-mccrory.md) _Context: Democratic_
5. [2016 United States presidential election recount and audit: The campaign of Republican president-elect Donald Trump has called the planned recounts by Green nominee Jill Stein's campaign in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Michigan a "scam" and has criticized the participation of the campaign of Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2016/11/27/2016-united-states-presidential-election-recount-and-audit-the-campaign-of-republican-president-elect-donald-trump-has-called-the-planned.md) _Context: Democratic_
6. [United States presidential elections, 2016: Green Party presumptive presidential candidate Jill Stein invites Bernie Sanders to take over her place as the party's nominee. ](/news/2016/07/9/united-states-presidential-elections-2016-green-party-presumptive-presidential-candidate-jill-stein-invites-bernie-sanders-to-take-over-he.md) _Context: Bernie Sanders_
7. [2016 Democratic National Committee email leak: Emails released by Wikileaks show that the Democratic National Committee (DNC), led by Debbie Wasserman Schultz, supported the candidacy of Hillary Clinton over Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2016/07/23/2016-democratic-national-committee-email-leak-emails-released-by-wikileaks-show-that-the-democratic-national-committee-dnc-led-by-debbie.md) _Context: Bernie Sanders_
8. [United States presidential election, 2016: Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders endorses Democratic Party rival Hillary Clinton for president at a rally in New Hampshire, effectively suspending his presidential campaign. ](/news/2016/07/12/united-states-presidential-election-2016-vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-endorses-democratic-party-rival-hillary-clinton-for-president-at-a.md) _Context: Bernie Sanders_
9. [Democratic Party presidential primaries, 2016: The Associated Press reports that Hillary Clinton has the support of enough delegates to secure the Democratic Party nomination. Since delegates do not vote until the convention though, she is the presumptive nominee of the party. ](/news/2016/06/6/democratic-party-presidential-primaries-2016-the-associated-press-reports-that-hillary-clinton-has-the-support-of-enough-delegates-to-secu.md) _Context: Associated Press_
10. [A 22-year-old Dutch woman held in Qatar for nearly three months after telling police she had been raped is released following the court ruling of a one-year suspended prison sentence. The Associated Press reports it isn't clear "[...] what sentence was given to the man she accused of rape." ](/news/2016/06/13/a-22-year-old-dutch-woman-held-in-qatar-for-nearly-three-months-after-telling-police-she-had-been-raped-is-released-following-the-court-ruli.md) _Context: Associated Press_
