### [2004-09-22](/news/2004/09/22/index.md)

#  Experts and officials from Interpol and 19 countries met Tuesday in Burkina Faso to elaborate a strategy to combat terrorism and crime in Africa. Countries participating included France, the United States, Britain, Morocco, Algeria, Egypt, Turkey, Senegal, Burkina Faso, Chad, Sudan, Cte d'Ivoire, Lesotho, Zimbabwe, Cambodia, Benin, Burundi, Togo and Mauritania. 




### Source:

1. [Independent Online](http://www.iol.co.za/index.php?set_id=1&click_id=68&art_id=qw1095848462393B236)

### Related:

1. [The Parliament of Libya orders the closure of Libya's southern borders with Chad, Sudan, Algeria and Niger while declaring seven southern regions restricted military areas to stop the flow of illegal immigrants and goods. ](/news/2012/12/17/the-parliament-of-libya-orders-the-closure-of-libya-s-southern-borders-with-chad-sudan-algeria-and-niger-while-declaring-seven-southern-re.md) _Context: Algeria, Chad, Sudan_
2. [A man sets himself on fire outside the parliament building in Cairo, Egypt. Copycat burnings also take place in Algeria and Mauritania. ](/news/2011/01/17/a-man-sets-himself-on-fire-outside-the-parliament-building-in-cairo-egypt-copycat-burnings-also-take-place-in-algeria-and-mauritania.md) _Context: Algeria, Egypt, Mauritanian_
3. [A ship bound from Libya, the "Al-Amal", due to deliver humanitarian aid from Algeria, Morocco and Nigeria to the Gaza Strip, changes course for Egypt after being warned to stay away by the Israeli Navy and receiving pressure from the United States to "act responsibly". ](/news/2010/07/13/a-ship-bound-from-libya-the-al-amal-due-to-deliver-humanitarian-aid-from-algeria-morocco-and-nigeria-to-the-gaza-strip-changes-course.md) _Context: Algeria, Egypt, Morocco_
4. [ Egypt recalls its ambassador to Algeria after complaints about violence towards its football fans after a World Cup play off. Sudan also summons its envoy to Egypt over media coverage of the game's aftermath. ](/news/2009/11/19/egypt-recalls-its-ambassador-to-algeria-after-complaints-about-violence-towards-its-football-fans-after-a-world-cup-play-off-sudan-also-su.md) _Context: Algeria, Egypt, Sudan_
5. [ Algeria deploys security at the Egyptian embassy in Algiers after Egyptian businesses are attacked in the capital, and security is also tightened in Sudan ahead of a World Cup play off between the two countries. ](/news/2009/11/16/algeria-deploys-security-at-the-egyptian-embassy-in-algiers-after-egyptian-businesses-are-attacked-in-the-capital-and-security-is-also-tig.md) _Context: Algeria, Egypt, Sudan_
6. [ Darfur Conflict: Chad's President Idriss Deby and Sudan's President Omar al-Bashir meet in Senegal to sign the Dakar Agreement, the sixth peace agreement in five years. ](/news/2008/03/13/darfur-conflict-chad-s-president-idriss-da-c-by-and-sudan-s-president-omar-al-bashir-meet-in-senegal-to-sign-the-dakar-agreement-the-sixth.md) _Context: Chad, Senegal, Sudan_
7. [ Tomihiro Taniguchi, Deputy Director-General of the International Atomic Energy Agency, announces that Algeria, Egypt, Morocco and Saudi Arabia, and possibly Tunisia and the United Arab Emirates, will launch nuclear programs for desalination. A proliferation expert asserts the real reason behind the programs is for a "security hedge." ](/news/2006/11/4/tomihiro-taniguchi-deputy-director-general-of-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-announces-that-algeria-egypt-morocco-and-saudi-ara.md) _Context: Algeria, Egypt, Morocco_
8. [ The INS registration deadline for males in the United States aged 16 and older from Afghanistan, Algeria, Bahrain, Eritrea, Lebanon, Morocco, North Korea, Oman, Qatar, Somalia, Tunisia, United Arab Emirates and Yemen. A controversial Bush administration policy designed to capture terrorists requires all such men to submit to "special registration" procedures consisting of fingerprinting, photographing, and lengthy interviews concerning their whereabouts, associations, and activities.](/news/2003/01/10/the-ins-registration-deadline-for-males-in-the-united-states-aged-16-and-older-from-afghanistan-algeria-bahrain-eritrea-lebanon-morocc.md) _Context: Algeria, Morocco, terrorism_
9. [The White House announces that citizens of North Korea, Venezuela, and Chad will be restricted from travelling to the United States, along with citizens of the six nations previously listed in Executive Order 13780 with the exception of Sudan. ](/news/2017/09/24/the-white-house-announces-that-citizens-of-north-korea-venezuela-and-chad-will-be-restricted-from-travelling-to-the-united-states-along-w.md) _Context: Chad, Sudan_
10. [The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab-emirates-and-egypt-towards-qat.md) _Context: Egypt, Turkey_
