### [2004-09-22](/news/2004/09/22/index.md)

#  The United States Senate, by a vote of 77&ndash;17, confirms the nomination of Porter Goss as Director of the Central Intelligence Agency. Some Democratic senators had charged that Goss is too partisan to deliver unbiased reports to the White House. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6309561)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. House of Representatives passes, by a vote of 266 to 167, a two-year federal budget that is both amenable to the White House and expected to pass in the Senate. ](/news/2015/10/29/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-passes-by-a-vote-of-266-to-167-a-two-year-federal-budget-that-is-both-amenable-to-the-white-house-and-ex.md) _Context: United States Senate, White House_
2. [U.S. President Barack Obama, the White House Office of Management and Budget, issues a partial shutdown of government agencies after the House and Senate fail to come to an agreement on a spending bill to keep government operations running. ](/news/2013/10/1/u-s-president-barack-obama-the-white-house-office-of-management-and-budget-issues-a-partial-shutdown-of-government-agencies-after-the-hou.md) _Context: United States Senate, White House_
3. [Internal e-mails reveal Porter Goss, a former head of the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), agreed with a decision to destroy hundreds of tapes purportedly showing agents waterboarding two al-Qaeda suspects being held in Thailand in 2002 over fears that public release of the tapes would be "devastating". ](/news/2010/04/17/internal-e-mails-reveal-porter-goss-a-former-head-of-the-u-s-central-intelligence-agency-cia-agreed-with-a-decision-to-destroy-hundreds.md) _Context: CIA, Porter Goss_
4. [ The United States Senate passes legislation to ban the Central Intelligence Agency from using certain interrogation methods including waterboarding. ](/news/2008/02/13/the-united-states-senate-passes-legislation-to-ban-the-central-intelligence-agency-from-using-certain-interrogation-methods-including-water.md) _Context: CIA, United States Senate_
5. [ Porter Goss resigns as director of the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency (CIA). ](/news/2006/05/5/porter-goss-resigns-as-director-of-the-u-s-central-intelligence-agency-cia.md) _Context: CIA, Porter Goss_
6. [ President Hamid Karzai of Afghanistan says at a press conference that he does not believe that Osama bin Laden is in Afghanistan. CIA chief Porter Goss has said in a recent interview that he has an "excellent idea" of bin Laden's whereabouts. ](/news/2005/07/9/president-hamid-karzai-of-afghanistan-says-at-a-press-conference-that-he-does-not-believe-that-osama-bin-laden-is-in-afghanistan-cia-chief.md) _Context: CIA, Porter Goss_
7. [ The final report of the US Senate Intelligence Committee states that the Central Intelligence Agency described the danger presented by weapons of mass destruction in Iraq in an unreasonable way, largely unsupported by the available intelligence. ](/news/2004/07/9/the-final-report-of-the-us-senate-intelligence-committee-states-that-the-central-intelligence-agency-described-the-danger-presented-by-weap.md) _Context: CIA, United States Senate_
8. [ The White House releases a February 7, 2002, memo in which President George W. Bush ordered humane treatment of captured Taliban and al Qaeda fighters despite a Justice Department legal opinion that the Geneva Convention does not apply. Twenty-one other memos requested by Senate Democrats have not yet been released; no released memos address Iraq or Abu-Ghraib Prison. [http://msnbc.msn.com/ID/5259200/ (MSNBC)] [http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/articles/A61651-2004Jun22.html (Memo)] Gordon B. Hinckley, 15th president of the LDS church, awarded presidential medal of Freedom from George W. Bush. The U.S. administration releases a U.S. Justice Department memo asserting that the legal opinion that the president had "the legal authority to order prisoners to be tortured". The memo indicates that Donald Rumsfeld denied approval to strongly coercive physical measures, but approved what has been described as "mild, noninjurious physical contact", and use of "detainee's individuals phobias (such as fear of dogs)". [http://www.voanews.com/article.cfm?objectID=287A07AA-33E4-42B5-A908D73E080FF8A3 (VOA)] [http://www.news24.com/News24/World/News/0,,2-10-1462_1546723,00.html (News24)] The U.S. administration asserts that it refused to permit the use of torture, even if to do so would be legally permissible.](/news/2004/06/23/the-white-house-releases-a-february-7-2002-memo-in-which-president-george-w-bush-ordered-humane-treatment-of-captured-taliban-and-al-qae.md) _Context: United States Senate, White House_
9. [The United States Senate, in a 92-5 vote, confirms Christopher A. Wray as Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. ](/news/2017/08/1/the-united-states-senate-in-a-92a5-vote-confirms-christopher-a-wray-as-director-of-the-federal-bureau-of-investigation.md) _Context: United States Senate_
10. [The American Health Care Act of 2017, an attempt to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, fails passage in the United States Senate. ](/news/2017/07/28/the-american-health-care-act-of-2017-an-attempt-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-fails-passage-in-the-united-state.md) _Context: United States Senate_
