### [2017-09-28](/news/2017/09/28/index.md)

# Aquatic species from Japan hitched a ride on debris from the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami and were able to reach the West Coast of the United States alive. 

The 2011 Japanese tsunami set the stage for something unprecedented. For the first time in recorded history, scientists have detected entire communities of coastal species crossing the ocean by floating on makeshift rafts. Nearly 300 species have appeared on the shores of Hawaii and the U.S. West Coast attached to tsunami debris, marine biologists from the Smithsonian Environmental Research Center, Williams College and other institutions reported in the journal Science on Thursday.


### Source:

1. [Phys.org](https://phys.org/news/2017-09-tsunami-enabled-hundreds-aquatic-species.html)
1. [Cover Image](https://3c1703fe8d.site.internapcdn.net/newman/gfx/news/hires/2017/tsunamienabl.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Japan's emperor and prime minister attend a memorial service marking the fifth anniversary of the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami in which 15,894 people died and caused the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. Many people remain displaced and recovery efforts are ongoing. ](/news/2016/03/11/japanas-emperor-and-prime-minister-attend-a-memorial-service-marking-the-fifth-anniversary-of-the-2011-tahoku-earthquake-and-tsunami-in-w.md) _Context: 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami, Japan_
2. [Japan allocates 820 billion yen ($6.8 billion) for creating a nearly 400-kilometer (250-mile) chain of cement seawalls, at places nearly five stories high, against future tsunami disasters such as the one that struck the country's northeastern coast four years ago. ](/news/2015/03/22/japan-allocates-820-billion-yen-6-8-billion-for-creating-a-nearly-400-kilometer-250-mile-chain-of-cement-seawalls-at-places-nearly-fiv.md) _Context: 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami, Japan_
3. [April car sales in Japan rise by 92% year-over-year, a gain partially realized due to low sales in the wake of last year's earthquake and tsunami. ](/news/2012/05/1/april-car-sales-in-japan-rise-by-92-year-over-year-a-gain-partially-realized-due-to-low-sales-in-the-wake-of-last-year-s-earthquake-and-ts.md) _Context: 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami, Japan_
4. [French President Nicolas Sarkozy admits he did not visit Fukushima while in Japan after last year's earthquake and tsunami, despite having previously said he had done so. ](/news/2012/04/13/french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-admits-he-did-not-visit-fukushima-while-in-japan-after-last-year-s-earthquake-and-tsunami-despite-having-p.md) _Context: 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami, Japan_
5. [Production at the Japanese plants of carmaker Toyota returns to normal following the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami. ](/news/2011/10/6/production-at-the-japanese-plants-of-carmaker-toyota-returns-to-normal-following-the-2011-tahoku-earthquake-and-tsunami.md) _Context: 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami, Japan_
6. [Japanese automaker Toyota resumes full production at its North American plants, having finally overcome parts shortages caused by the March 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami. ](/news/2011/09/15/japanese-automaker-toyota-resumes-full-production-at-its-north-american-plants-having-finally-overcome-parts-shortages-caused-by-the-march.md) _Context: 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami, Japan_
7. [Japan's economy shrinks by 0.3% in the April-June quarter confirming the country is in a recession caused in part by the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami and subsequent Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. ](/news/2011/08/15/japan-s-economy-shrinks-by-0-3-in-the-april-june-quarter-confirming-the-country-is-in-a-recession-caused-in-part-by-the-2011-tahoku-earthq.md) _Context: 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami, Japan_
8. [Japanese automaker Toyota announces plans to fully restore production from the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami in October, one month earlier than previously announced. ](/news/2011/07/7/japanese-automaker-toyota-announces-plans-to-fully-restore-production-from-the-2011-tahoku-earthquake-and-tsunami-in-october-one-month-ear.md) _Context: 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami, Japan_
9. [The Japanese media reports that Ryu Matsumoto is to resign as Minister of State for Disaster Management after making insensitive remarks while touring areas hit by the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami. ](/news/2011/07/5/the-japanese-media-reports-that-ryu-matsumoto-is-to-resign-as-minister-of-state-for-disaster-management-after-making-insensitive-remarks-whi.md) _Context: 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami, Japan_
10. [Japanese electronics company Sony reduces sales and profit forecasts due to the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami, a computer hacking attack and slowing demand in the US and Europe. ](/news/2011/07/28/japanese-electronics-company-sony-reduces-sales-and-profit-forecasts-due-to-the-2011-tahoku-earthquake-and-tsunami-a-computer-hacking-atta.md) _Context: 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami, Japan_
