### [2006-09-19](/news/2006/09/19/index.md)

#  President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and President of the United States George W. Bush both speak at the United Nations General Assembly. Ahmadinejad said that Bush's policies in the Middle East were "moving the world toward war." Bush said that "The greatest obstacle to this future is that your (Iranian) rulers have chosen to deny you (the Iranian people) liberty and to use your nation's resources to fund terrorism and fuel extremism and pursue nuclear weapons." 

President Bush&#8217;s policies in the Middle East are &#8220;moving the world toward war,&#8221; Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said Tuesday in an exclusive interview with &#8220;NBC Nightly News&#8221; anchor Brian Williams.


### Source:

1. [MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/14911603/)
2. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/articlenews.aspx?type=newsOne&storyID=2006-09-19T211509Z_01_N19405827_RTRUKOC_0_US-UN-BUSH-IRAN.xml&WTmodLoc=Home-C2-TopNews-newsOne-2)

### Related:

1. [ The President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad indicates that he does not expect an attack by the United States or Israel because he considers George W. Bush to be a lame duck president. ](/news/2008/07/8/the-president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-indicates-that-he-does-not-expect-an-attack-by-the-united-states-or-israel-because-he-considers-g.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President, United States_
2. [ CBS News's Mike Wallace holds an interview with Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, the president of Iran. In the interview, Ahmadinejad said that the letter he sent to George W. Bush was meant to "open a window towards the light" for Bush to "see that one can look on the world through a different perspective." He responded to his nation's nuclear program and possible weapons program saying that Iran was "studying" the offer presented by the United States and the European Union. He also claimed that Bush "believes that his power emanates from his nuclear warhead arsenals." ](/news/2006/08/8/cbs-news-s-mike-wallace-holds-an-interview-with-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-the-president-of-iran-in-the-interview-ahmadinejad-said-that-the-let.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President, United States_
3. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Iran, Middle East, U.S. President, United States_
4. [Iranian President Hassan Rouhani confirmed he had contacted U.S. President Barack Obama via letters. Both countries cut all diplomatic relations after the Iranian Hostage Crisis in 1980. ](/news/2013/09/17/iranian-president-hassan-rouhani-confirmed-he-had-contacted-u-s-president-barack-obama-via-letters-both-countries-cut-all-diplomatic-relat.md) _Context: Iran, President, U.S. President, United States_
5. [The United States and other western nations including Britain, Sweden, Australia, Belgium, Uruguay and Spain walk out of the United Nations General Assembly following claims by the President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad that the "majority of the American people as well as most nations and politicians around the world" say that the 9/11 attacks were the work of the Government of the United States trying to protect Israel. ](/news/2010/09/23/the-united-states-and-other-western-nations-including-britain-sweden-australia-belgium-uruguay-and-spain-walk-out-of-the-united-nations.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President, United Nations General Assembly, United States_
6. [President of the United States Barack Obama announces that the United States will pursue aggressive sanctions to prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon that could potentially spark a nuclear arms race in the Middle East. ](/news/2010/03/17/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-that-the-united-states-will-pursue-aggressive-sanctions-to-prevent-iran-from-getting-a.md) _Context: Iran, Middle East, U.S. President, United States_
7. [ Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad heads for New York to attend the United Nations General Assembly. ](/news/2009/09/22/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-heads-for-new-york-to-attend-the-united-nations-general-assembly.md) _Context: Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President, United Nations General Assembly_
8. [ President George W. Bush attends the final United States-European Union summit of his Presidency with agreements to tighten sanctions against Iran for its nuclear program. ](/news/2008/06/10/president-george-w-bush-attends-the-final-united-states-european-union-summit-of-his-presidency-with-agreements-to-tighten-sanctions-again.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iran, U.S. President, United States_
9. [ Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad states in an interview that Iran does not fear the U.S. and that any foreign attack would be "severely punished". ](/news/2007/02/12/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-states-in-an-interview-that-iran-does-not-fear-the-u-s-and-that-any-foreign-attack-would-be-severel.md) _Context: Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President, United States_
10. [ Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad opposes a bill in Iranian parliament that would require the fingerprinting of any citizens of the United States that are visiting Iran, stating, "We do not have a problem with American people. We oppose only the U.S. government." ](/news/2006/10/24/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-opposes-a-bill-in-iranian-parliament-that-would-require-the-fingerprinting-of-any-citizens-of-the-uni.md) _Context: Iran, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, President, United States_
