### [2006-09-19](/news/2006/09/19/index.md)

#  Thailand coup d'tat: A coup d'tat occurs in Thailand, with tanks seen moving into place around government buildings in Bangkok. Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra declares a state of emergency in a TV broadcast from the United States, where he went for the United Nations General Assembly, but the transmission is reported to have been cut off. An announcement on Thai television declared that a "Council of Administrative Reform" with King Bhumibol Adulyadej as head of state had seized power in Bangkok and nearby provinces without any resistance. State TV stations are broadcasting messages of loyalty to the King, while international broadcast channels were blocked. 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory?id=2463750&CMP=OTC-RSSFeeds0312)
2. [Forbes](http://www.forbes.com/home/columnists/2006/09/19/thailand-coup-notes-markets-emerge-cx_pm_0919thai.html)
3. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/articlenews.aspx?type=topNews&storyID=2006-09-20T031354Z_01_BKK255937_RTRUKOC_0_US-THAILAND-1.xml)
4. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/5361512.stm)

### Related:

1. [Thousands of protesters fill the streets of Bangkok, Thailand, after lawmakers pass a draft bill for political amnesty which could allow self-exiled Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra to re-enter the country. ](/news/2013/11/5/thousands-of-protesters-fill-the-streets-of-bangkok-thailand-after-lawmakers-pass-a-draft-bill-for-political-amnesty-which-could-allow-sel.md) _Context: Bangkok, Thailand, Thaksin_
2. [The Thai Cabinet agrees to lift a state of emergency in the capital Bangkok and three surrounding provinces. ](/news/2010/12/21/the-thai-cabinet-agrees-to-lift-a-state-of-emergency-in-the-capital-bangkok-and-three-surrounding-provinces.md) _Context: Bangkok, Thailand, state of emergency_
3. [Thailand lifts a state of emergency in Nakhon Ratchasima, Khon Kaen and Udon Thani but it remains in place in Bangkok and the nearby provinces of Nonthaburi, Pathum Thani and Samut Prakan. ](/news/2010/10/1/thailand-lifts-a-state-of-emergency-in-nakhon-ratchasima-khon-kaen-and-udon-thani-but-it-remains-in-place-in-bangkok-and-the-nearby-provinc.md) _Context: Bangkok, Thailand, state of emergency_
4. [Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva lifts a curfew in the capital Bangkok and 23 provinces in the aftermath of protests but a state of emergency would remain. ](/news/2010/05/29/thai-prime-minister-abhisit-vejjajiva-lifts-a-curfew-in-the-capital-bangkok-and-23-provinces-in-the-aftermath-of-protests-but-a-state-of-eme.md) _Context: Bangkok, Thailand, state of emergency_
5. [Senior red-shirt leader Arisman Pongruangrong climbs down a rope to escape an arrest attempt by Thai security forces laying siege to Thaksin Shinawatra's SC Park Hotel in Bangkok. He urges protesters to leave Ratchaprasong "to avoid being used as human shields".  ](/news/2010/04/16/senior-red-shirt-leader-arisman-pongruangrong-climbs-down-a-rope-to-escape-an-arrest-attempt-by-thai-security-forces-laying-siege-to-thaksin.md) _Context: Bangkok, Thailand, Thaksin_
6. [ Thai political crisis: Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva declares a state of emergency in Bangkok and its surrounding areas. ](/news/2009/04/12/thai-political-crisis-p-prime-minister-abhisit-vejjajiva-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-bangkok-and-its-surrounding-areas.md) _Context: Bangkok, Thailand, state of emergency_
7. [ More than 5,000 Royal Police are deployed to Bangkok, Thailand, as supporters of deposed Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra protest. ](/news/2009/01/31/more-than-5-000-royal-police-are-deployed-to-bangkok-thailand-as-supporters-of-deposed-prime-minister-thaksin-shinawatra-protest.md) _Context: Bangkok, Thailand, Thaksin_
8. [ 2008 Thai political crisis: Thai Prime Minister Samak Sundaravej declares a state of emergency in Bangkok after clashes between groups of pro- and anti-government protesters resulted in one death and 43 injuries. ](/news/2008/09/2/2008-thai-political-crisis-p-thai-prime-minister-samak-sundaravej-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-bangkok-after-clashes-between-groups-of.md) _Context: Bangkok, Thailand, state of emergency_
9. [ Thailand summons the Singaporean ambassador to Bangkok to protest about a visit made by former Prime Minister of Thailand Thaksin Shinawatra, deposed in the 2006 Thai coup d'tat, to Singapore. Thaksin was able to meet the Singaporean Deputy Prime Minister, S Jayakumar, but Singapore played down the meeting as "purely social and private". ](/news/2007/01/16/thailand-summons-the-singaporean-ambassador-to-bangkok-to-protest-about-a-visit-made-by-former-prime-minister-of-thailand-thaksin-shinawatr.md) _Context: Bangkok, Thailand, Thaksin_
10. [ Thailand coup d'tat: The leader of the military coup in Thailand, General Sonthi Boonyaratglin, declares that a new civilian prime minister will be appointed in two weeks to replace the deposed Thaksin Shinawatra. ](/news/2006/09/20/thailand-coup-d-etat-p-the-leader-of-the-military-coup-in-thailand-general-sonthi-boonyaratglin-declares-that-a-new-civilian-prime-minist.md) _Context: Thailand, Thaksin, coup_
