### [2013-06-3](/news/2013/06/3/index.md)

# Democrat United States Senator Frank Lautenberg of New Jersey dies at age 89 from pneumonia. Republican governor Chris Christie is tasked with choosing a replacement Senator. 

Sen. Frank R. Lautenberg, a World War II veteran who served five terms in the Senate, died Monday, leaving one of New Jersey&#8217;s Senate seats empty and marking the first time in roughly 70 years that the chamber will be without a someone who saw service in that war. 


### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2013/jun/3/sen-frank-lautenberg-dies-89-new-jersey-democrat-w/)

### Related:

1. [New Jersey Governor Chris Christie suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/02/10/new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-suspends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination-for-president-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey, New Jersey Governor_
2. [Voters in the US states of New Jersey and Virginia go to the polls in their gubernatorial elections, while voters in cities across the country also vote to choose their next mayor. [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57610800/voters-head-to-the-polls-to-elect-governors-in-va-n.j/ (CBS News)] [http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2487773/New-York-City-mayors-race-set-landslide-De-Blasio-leading-40-points.html (''Daily Mail'')] [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57610977/no-surprise-chris-christie-re-elected-as-new-jersey-governor/ (CBS News)] [http://www.reuters.com/article/2013/11/06/us-usa-politics-virginia-idUSBRE9A501O20131106 (Reuters)] [http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-250_162-57610976/bill-de-blasio-wins-new-york-city-mayoral-race/ (CBS News)]Chris Christie is re-elected Governor of New Jersey.Terry McAuliffe is narrowly elected Governor of Virginia.Bill de Blasio is elected Mayor of New York City.](/news/2013/11/5/voters-in-the-us-states-of-new-jersey-and-virginia-go-to-the-polls-in-their-gubernatorial-elections-while-voters-in-cities-across-the-count.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey, New Jersey Governor_
3. [New Jersey Governor Chris Christie appoints Jeffrey Chiesa (R-NJ) as a U.S. Senator following the death of Frank Lautenberg. He will serve until a special election is held later this year. ](/news/2013/06/6/new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-appoints-jeffrey-chiesa-r-nj-as-a-u-s-senator-following-the-death-of-frank-lautenberg-he-will-serve-u.md) _Context: Chris Christie, Frank Lautenberg, New Jersey_
4. [The Governor of the US state of New Jersey, Chris Christie declares a state of emergency along the Passaic and Delaware Rivers and Bound Brook in Somerset County in order to prepare for anticipated floods later in the week. ](/news/2011/03/9/the-governor-of-the-us-state-of-new-jersey-chris-christie-declares-a-state-of-emergency-along-the-passaic-and-delaware-rivers-and-bound-bro.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey, New Jersey Governor_
5. [American voters in the state of New Jersey select party candidates to succeed term-limited incumbent Republican Chris Christie. Democrat Phil Murphy and Republican Kim Guadagno win nominations their parties' nominations. ](/news/2017/06/6/american-voters-in-the-state-of-new-jersey-select-party-candidates-to-succeed-term-limited-incumbent-republican-chris-christie-democrat-phi.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey_
6. [Two former associates of New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, former deputy chief of staff Bridget Kelly and ex-Port Authority executive Bill Baroni, are found guilty on all seven counts by a federal jury from their roles in the so-called Bridgegate scandal that created crippling traffic near the George Washington Bridge in September 2013. ](/news/2016/11/4/two-former-associates-of-new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-former-deputy-chief-of-staff-bridget-kelly-and-ex-port-authority-executive-bill.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey Governor_
7. [ United States presidential election, 2016: New Jersey governor Chris Christie formally announces his candidacy for the Republican nomination for the 2016 presidential election. ](/news/2015/06/30/united-states-presidential-election-2016-p-new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-formally-announces-his-candidacy-for-the-republican-nominati.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey Governor_
8. [New Jersey Governor Chris Christie is sued for his role on "Bridgegate". ](/news/2014/01/9/new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-is-sued-for-his-role-on-bridgegate.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey Governor_
9. [New Jersey Governor Chris Christie apologizes for his senior aides intentionally causing a traffic jam on the George Washington Bridge for political retribution in September 2013. ](/news/2014/01/9/new-jersey-governor-chris-christie-apologizes-for-his-senior-aides-intentionally-causing-a-traffic-jam-on-the-george-washington-bridge-for-p.md) _Context: Chris Christie, New Jersey Governor_
10. [The United States House of Representatives holds Attorney-General Eric Holder in contempt for his perceived obstruction of the Congressional investigation into Operation Fast and Furious. Most House Republicans and 17 Democrats approve the decision. ](/news/2012/06/28/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-holds-attorney-general-eric-holder-in-contempt-for-his-perceived-obstruction-of-the-congressional.md) _Context: Democrat, Republican_
