### [2013-06-3](/news/2013/06/3/index.md)

# Park Geun-Hye, the President of South Korea, warns North Korea that it will be held responsible for the fate of nine young asylum seekers repatriated from Laos. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via France 24](http://www.france24.com/en/20130603-skorean-leader-warns-north-over-returned-refugees)

### Related:

1. [A day after Sunday's trilateral summit between China, Japan, and South Korea, South Korean President Park Geun-hye and Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe are meeting in Seoul. The two countries haven't met in over three years. Expected topics include trade ties, North Korea's pursuit of nuclear bombs, and long-running disputes over Japanese wartime aggression and behavior. ](/news/2015/11/2/a-day-after-sunday-s-trilateral-summit-between-china-japan-and-south-korea-south-korean-president-park-geun-hye-and-japanese-prime-minist.md) _Context: North Korea, Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea_
2. [The President of China, Xi Jinping, arrives in South Korea for talks with the President of South Korea, Park Geun-hye, days after a North Korean missile test.](/news/2014/07/3/the-president-of-china-xi-jinping-arrives-in-south-korea-for-talks-with-the-president-of-south-korea-park-geun-hye-days-after-a-north-ko.md) _Context: North Korea, Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea_
3. [2013 Korean crisis:: North Korea renews a threat to permanently close its Kaesong joint industrial zone with South Korea, blaming the "confrontation" policies of the South Korea's new president, Park Geun-hye. ](/news/2013/04/11/2013-korean-crisis-north-korea-renews-a-threat-to-permanently-close-its-kaesong-joint-industrial-zone-with-south-korea-blaming-the-confr.md) _Context: North Korea, Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea_
4. [2016 South Korean political scandal: Lee Jae-yong (Jay Y. Lee), the vice-chairman of the Samsung Group is sentenced to five years for graft for his involvement in the 2016 South Korean political scandal that led to the impeachment of President of South Korea Park Geun-hye. ](/news/2017/08/25/2016-south-korean-political-scandal-lee-jae-yong-jay-y-lee-the-vice-chairman-of-the-samsung-group-is-sentenced-to-five-years-for-graft.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea_
5. [2016 South Korean political scandal: Authorities arrest Impeached South Korean President Park Geun-hye on charges of bribery, abuse of authority, coercion, and leaking government secrets. ](/news/2017/03/30/2016-south-korean-political-scandal-authorities-arrest-impeached-south-korean-president-park-geun-hye-on-charges-of-bribery-abuse-of-autho.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea_
6. [Impeachment of Park Geun-hye: South Korea's Constitutional Court upholds the impeachment of President Park Geun-hye, removing her from office. Hwang Kyo-ahn assumes powers as Acting President. ](/news/2017/03/10/impeachment-of-park-geun-hye-south-korea-s-constitutional-court-upholds-the-impeachment-of-president-park-geun-hye-removing-her-from-offic.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea_
7. [2016 South Korean political scandal: A court in South Korea strikes down a request by prosecutors to issue an arrest warrant for Samsung vice chairman Lee Jae-yong, who is accused of bribery and embezzlement, in connection to a corruption scandal involving impeached President Park Geun-hye. ](/news/2017/01/19/2016-south-korean-political-scandal-a-court-in-south-korea-strikes-down-a-request-by-prosecutors-to-issue-an-arrest-warrant-for-samsung-vic.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea_
8. [2016 South Korean political scandal: South Korean prosecutors issue an arrest warrant for Lee Jae-yong, a senior executive in the Samsung Group, in relation to the political scandal that has led to the impeachment of Park Geun-hye, the President of South Korea. ](/news/2017/01/16/2016-south-korean-political-scandal-south-korean-prosecutors-issue-an-arrest-warrant-for-lee-jae-yong-a-senior-executive-in-the-samsung-gr.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea_
9. [Impeachment process against Park Geun-hye: South Korean lawmakers impeach President Park Geun-hye by a 234-56 vote. Prime Minister Hwang Kyo-ahn, a staunch defender of Ms. Park, will serve as acting president. South Korea's Constitutional Court has up to 180 days to render a final decision. ](/news/2016/12/9/impeachment-process-against-park-geun-hye-south-korean-lawmakers-impeach-president-park-geun-hye-by-a-234-56-vote-prime-minister-hwang-k.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea_
10. [Impeachment process against Park Geun-hye: A bill is introduced into the South Korean National Assembly to impeach President Park Geun-hye. A vote is expected tomorrow. ](/news/2016/12/8/impeachment-process-against-park-geun-hye-a-bill-is-introduced-into-the-south-korean-national-assembly-to-impeach-president-park-geun-hye.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea_
