### [2004-03-7](/news/2004/03/7/index.md)

#  Greek legislative election, 2004: New Democracy, led by Kostas Karamanlis, wins over the Panhellenic Socialist Movement, led by George Papandreou.




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/3540163.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Costas Simitis, the prime minister of Greece and president of the ruling PASOK, after informing the country's president Costis Stephanopoulos, announced his resignation. At the same time he announced national elections for March 7, 2004, when PASOK will have a new president, expected to be George Papandreou. PASOK will be challenged by the New Democracy opposition led by Kostas Karamanlis. See, (Greek) and, (English).](/news/2004/01/7/costas-simitis-the-prime-minister-of-greece-and-president-of-the-ruling-pasok-after-informing-the-country-s-president-costis-stephanopoul.md) _Context: Greek legislative election, 2004, Kostas Karamanlis, New Democracy, PASOK_
2. [ Serious controversy in Greece over a flyer with propaganda against George Papandreou, just some days before the elections of Sunday, March 7, 2004. The opposition party New Democracy (ND) is accused by Anna Diamantopoulou (member of the currently ruling Panhellenic Socialist Movement&nbsp;- PASOK) that printed and mailed the controversial flyer to members of the Greek Eastern Christian Church's clergy. The flyer is describing George Papandreou as an Atheist who is against the Church and the national and religious symbols. ](/news/2004/03/3/serious-controversy-in-greece-over-a-flyer-with-propaganda-against-george-papandreou-just-some-days-before-the-elections-of-sunday-march.md) _Context: George Papandreou, New Democracy, PASOK_
3. [ Greek conservative Prime Minister Costas Karamanlis early Monday declared victory in Sunday's general elections after early results gave his ruling New Democracy party a lead of over four percent over the opposition Pasok socialists. ](/news/2007/09/17/greek-conservative-prime-minister-costas-karamanlis-early-monday-declared-victory-in-sunday-s-general-elections-after-early-results-gave-hi.md) _Context: New Democracy, PASOK_
4. [ Education in Greece: Debate over the private universities issue and George Papandreou, junior's suggestions (see 9 January) between New Democracy and PASOK. (Greek)](/news/2004/01/13/education-in-greece-debate-over-the-private-universities-issue-and-george-papandreou-junior-s-suggestions-see-9-january-between-new-dem.md) _Context: New Democracy, PASOK_
5. [Former Prime Minister George Papandreou announces the formation of a new party, Movement of Democratic Socialists, threatening to push the long-dominant PASOK under the election threshold. ](/news/2015/01/3/former-prime-minister-george-papandreou-announces-the-formation-of-a-new-party-movement-of-democratic-socialists-threatening-to-push-the-l.md) _Context: PASOK_
6. [The Prime Minister of Greece, Antonis Samaras, reshuffles his cabinet giving more positions to his Panhellenic Socialist Movement coalition partner, appointing its leader Evangelos Venizelos as Deputy Prime Minister and Foreign Minister. ](/news/2013/06/25/the-prime-minister-of-greece-antonis-samaras-reshuffles-his-cabinet-giving-more-positions-to-his-panhellenic-socialist-movement-coalition.md) _Context: PASOK_
7. [Antonis Samaras, leader of the New Democracy party in Greece, continues to negotiate with political rivals to form a coalition government, as Greece struggles to overcome its economic crisis. ](/news/2012/06/19/antonis-samaras-leader-of-the-new-democracy-party-in-greece-continues-to-negotiate-with-political-rivals-to-form-a-coalition-government-a.md) _Context: New Democracy_
8. [In Greece, Evangelos Venizelos of the Pasok party makes a third effort to create a coalition government, amid increasing political and economic turmoil in the country. ](/news/2012/05/10/in-greece-evangelos-venizelos-of-the-pasok-party-makes-a-third-effort-to-create-a-coalition-government-amid-increasing-political-and-econo.md) _Context: PASOK_
9. [Former Prime Minister of Greece George Papandreou announces that he will resign as head of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement. ](/news/2012/01/4/former-prime-minister-of-greece-george-papandreou-announces-that-he-will-resign-as-head-of-the-panhellenic-socialist-movement.md) _Context: PASOK_
10. [Greeks vote in local elections with the Prime Minister George Papandreou threatening to dissolve parliament if his party does not fare well. Early results show that the PASOK is doing well making an early election less likely. ](/news/2010/11/7/greeks-vote-in-local-elections-with-the-prime-minister-george-papandreou-threatening-to-dissolve-parliament-if-his-party-does-not-fare-well.md) _Context: PASOK_
