### [2004-02-5](/news/2004/02/5/index.md)

#  Carmine Caridi is expelled from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (the "Academy" in the Academy Awards) by vote after having been found to have leaked hundreds of screeners over the past five years to Russell Sprague in Chicago.




### Related:

1. [ The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences mails nomination ballots in which it qualifies 254 films released in 2003 as eligible for Oscar consideration. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=entertainmentNews&storyID=4059933]](/news/2003/12/31/the-academy-of-motion-picture-arts-and-sciences-mails-nomination-ballots-in-which-it-qualifies-254-films-released-in-2003-as-eligible-for-o.md) _Context: Academy Awards, Motion Picture Academy_
2. [United States federal judge Richard Posner has announced his retirement after three decades of service on the bench of the 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. Appointed by President Ronald Reagan in 1981, Justice Posner has written more than 3,300 opinions from the bench.](/news/2017/09/1/united-states-federal-judge-richard-posner-has-announced-his-retirement-after-three-decades-of-service-on-the-bench-of-the-7th-u-s-circuit.md) _Context: Chicago_
3. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Chicago_
4. [A United Airlines passenger is dragged off a flight at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago. The airline company is under fire because of the mistreatment of the passenger. ](/news/2017/04/9/a-united-airlines-passenger-is-dragged-off-a-flight-at-o-hare-international-airport-in-chicago-the-airline-company-is-under-fire-because-of.md) _Context: Chicago_
5. [The Driehaus Architecture Prize for New Classical architecture is awarded to Robert Adam in Chicago. ](/news/2017/03/25/the-driehaus-architecture-prize-for-new-classical-architecture-is-awarded-to-robert-adam-in-chicago.md) _Context: Chicago_
6. [Chicago Police arrest four African-American suspects after they stream a video on Facebook showing themselves torturing and scalping a bound and gagged, kidnapped, white man with a mental disorder. The four suspects will face elevated hate crime charges. ](/news/2017/01/4/chicago-police-arrest-four-african-american-suspects-after-they-stream-a-video-on-facebook-showing-themselves-torturing-and-scalping-a-bound.md) _Context: Chicago_
7. [Nominations for the 2017 Academy Awards are announced, with "La La Land", "Moonlight" and "Hidden Figures" among the favorites. ](/news/2017/01/24/nominations-for-the-2017-academy-awards-are-announced-with-la-la-land-moonlight-and-hidden-figures-among-the-favorites.md) _Context: Academy Awards_
8. [An American Airlines Boeing 767 catches fire after an aborted takeoff at Chicago's O'Hare International Airport. Seven passengers and one flight attendant were injured, and taken to area hospitals. ](/news/2016/10/28/an-american-airlines-boeing-767-catches-fire-after-an-aborted-takeoff-at-chicago-s-o-hare-international-airport-seven-passengers-and-one-fl.md) _Context: Chicago_
9. [Barack Obama chooses his home city of Chicago for his presidential library. ](/news/2016/07/27/barack-obama-chooses-his-home-city-of-chicago-for-his-presidential-library.md) _Context: Chicago_
10. [A study by researchers at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, presented at the American Society of Clinical Oncology meeting in Chicago, reports 26 percent of cancer patients can't afford to pay for their treatment, and 18 percent can't afford their prescriptions. ](/news/2016/06/3/a-study-by-researchers-at-the-university-of-north-carolina-at-chapel-hill-presented-at-the-american-society-of-clinical-oncology-meeting-in.md) _Context: Chicago_
