### [2004-02-5](/news/2004/02/5/index.md)

#  SCO v. IBM: SCO Group widens Unix and Linux lawsuit against IBM. They add a copyright infringement claim to case.




### Related:

1. [ "SCO v. IBM": SCO Group claims that it has "low-level talks" with Google about a possible license agreement related to Linux.](/news/2004/01/10/sco-v-ibm-sco-group-claims-that-it-has-low-level-talks-with-google-about-a-possible-license-agreement-related-to-linux.md) _Context: Linux, SCO Group, SCO v. IBM_
2. [ Novell wins the rights to the copyrights for Unix from the SCO Group in SCO v. Novell decided in the United States District Court in Utah. ](/news/2007/08/10/novell-wins-the-rights-to-the-copyrights-for-unix-from-the-sco-group-in-sco-v-novell-decided-in-the-united-states-district-court-in-utah.md) _Context: SCO Group, Unix_
3. [ "SCO v. IBM:" IBM has applied for a declaratory judgment that it does not infringe the SCO Group's copyrights. ](/news/2004/03/30/sco-v-ibm-ibm-has-applied-for-a-declaratory-judgment-that-it-does-not-infringe-the-sco-group-s-copyrights.md) _Context: SCO Group, SCO v. IBM_
4. [ "SCO v. IBM:" SCO Group plans to widen its legal battle against the open-source operating system, stating intent to sue large-scale Linux users for copyright infringement.](/news/2003/11/18/sco-v-ibm-sco-group-plans-to-widen-its-legal-battle-against-the-open-source-operating-system-stating-intent-to-sue-large-scale-linux-u.md) _Context: Linux, SCO Group_
5. [ SCO v. IBM: In an open letter to the Linux community published by Silicon Graphics (SGI), SGI states it conducted a comprehensive comparison of the Linux kernel and the UNIX System&nbsp;V source code owned by The SCO Group. According to the letter (authored by SGI Vice President of Software Rich Altmaier), SGI's ""exhaustive comparison"" of the source codes turned up only ""trivial"" code segments that ""may arguably be related"" to SCO's software. The letter also disputed SCO's claims that SGI inappropriately contributed its XFS (eXtensible File System).](/news/2003/10/6/sco-v-ibm-in-an-open-letter-to-the-linux-community-published-by-silicon-graphics-sgi-sgi-states-it-conducted-a-comprehensive-compariso.md) _Context: Linux, SCO Group_
6. [ "SCO vs IBM": International Business Machines Corp. files new counterclaims against SCO Group Inc. involving the Linux operating system according to a memo sent to the IBM sales force.](/news/2003/09/26/sco-vs-ibm-international-business-machines-corp-files-new-counterclaims-against-sco-group-inc-involving-the-linux-operating-system-acc.md) _Context: Linux, SCO Group_
7. [ "SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit:" SCO Group announces that it intends to sell binary-only licences to use the free Linux operating system which will remove the threat of litigation from licence-holders. Linux advocates react by stating that SCO has no basis for this action, and that doing this may cause SCO to forfeit their rights under the GNU GPL to use or distribute Linux or Linux-derived code in any form. ](/news/2003/07/21/sco-v-ibm-linux-lawsuit-sco-group-announces-that-it-intends-to-sell-binary-only-licences-to-use-the-free-linux-operating-system-which-w.md) _Context: Linux, SCO Group_
8. [ SCO v. IBM Linux lawsuit: Novell enters the lawsuit between the SCO Group and IBM with a press release concerning the SCO Group's ownership of UNIX. "To Novell's knowledge, the 1995 agreement governing SCO's purchase of UNIX from Novell does not convey to SCO the associated copyrights," a letter to the SCO Group's CEO Darl McBride said in part. "We believe it unlikely that SCO can demonstrate that it has any ownership interest whatsoever in those copyrights. Apparently you share this view, since over the last few months you have repeatedly asked Novell to transfer the copyrights to SCO, requests that Novell has rejected."](/news/2003/05/27/sco-v-ibm-linux-lawsuit-novell-enters-the-lawsuit-between-the-sco-group-and-ibm-with-a-press-release-concerning-the-sco-group-s-ownership.md) _Context: SCO Group, Unix_
9. [ The SCO Group, formerly Caldera, the current owner of the rights to the Unix operating system, sues IBM for $1 billion for "devaluing" Unix, claiming that IBM employees who signed Non-disclosure agreements worked on the Linux operating system.](/news/2003/03/6/the-sco-group-formerly-caldera-the-current-owner-of-the-rights-to-the-unix-operating-system-sues-ibm-for-1-billion-for-devaluing-unix.md) _Context: Linux, Unix_
10. [Warner Brothers is accused of self-censorship after it tagged its own websites for copyright infringement through the search engine Google. ](/news/2016/09/6/warner-brothers-is-accused-of-self-censorship-after-it-tagged-its-own-websites-for-copyright-infringement-through-the-search-engine-google.md) _Context: copyright infringement_
