### [2016-10-11](/news/2016/10/11/index.md)

# Computer security firm Symantec warns a second hacking group, going by the name Odinaff, is trying to rob banks using fraudulent SWIFT messages, the same approach that yielded U.S.$81 million in February's attack on Bangladesh's central bank. So far, the group has infected 10 to 20 organizations with this malware. 

Symantec&#039;s latest research on Odinaff hacker group and its attacks on SWIFT users indicates a surge in cybercrime against financial institutions.


### Source:

1. [ (Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-cyber-heist-malware-idUSKCN12B1L3?il=0)
2. [Investopedia](http://www.investopedia.com/news/symantec-finds-new-attacks-swift-users-symc/)

### Related:

1. [Cybersecurity software maker Check Point reports "HummingBad" malware has infected at least 10 million Android devices, mostly in China and India. Check Point says a team of developers based in Beijing is behind "HummingBad" which gives hackers administrative-level access to infected devices. Apple devices have been hit by similar malware. ](/news/2016/07/5/cybersecurity-software-maker-check-point-reports-hummingbad-malware-has-infected-at-least-10-million-android-devices-mostly-in-china-and.md) _Context: Computer security, malware_
2. [The cybersecurity firms Kaspersky Lab and Symantec report that technical evidence connects the WannaCry ransomware attack to the North Korean-backed Lazarus Group. North Korea is also believed to be responsible for previous cyberattacks on the SWIFT banking system and against Sony Pictures. ](/news/2017/05/16/the-cybersecurity-firms-kaspersky-lab-and-symantec-report-that-technical-evidence-connects-the-wannacry-ransomware-attack-to-the-north-korea.md) _Context: Symantec_
3. [The Shadow Brokers group releases files allegedly from the National Security Agency which indicate efforts to monitor financial transactions made through the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication. ](/news/2017/04/14/the-shadow-brokers-group-releases-files-allegedly-from-the-national-security-agency-which-indicate-efforts-to-monitor-financial-transactions.md) _Context: Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication_
4. [A court in the Philippines orders the central bank to return US$15 million back to Bangladesh. ](/news/2016/09/19/a-court-in-the-philippines-orders-the-central-bank-to-return-us-15-million-back-to-bangladesh.md) _Context: February's attack on Bangladesh's central bank_
5. [Eddie Bauer reports that malware was used to access payment data for cards used at their stores; payments made via their website were reportedly unaffected. ](/news/2016/08/18/eddie-bauer-reports-that-malware-was-used-to-access-payment-data-for-cards-used-at-their-stores-payments-made-via-their-website-were-report.md) _Context: malware_
6. [HEI Hotels & Resorts, a firm that operates hotels for Hyatt, Intercontinental, Marriott, and Starwood, reports that malware designed to collect payment information was discovered on computers at 20 of their locations across the United States. ](/news/2016/08/14/hei-hotels-resorts-a-firm-that-operates-hotels-for-hyatt-intercontinental-marriott-and-starwood-reports-that-malware-designed-to-coll.md) _Context: malware_
7. [A committee of the United States House of Representatives is looking into the way the Federal Reserve Bank of New York investigated the theft of assets it was holding for the central bank of Bangladesh. ](/news/2016/06/1/a-committee-of-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-is-looking-into-the-way-the-federal-reserve-bank-of-new-york-investigated-the-thef.md) _Context: February's attack on Bangladesh's central bank_
8. [Bangladeshi bank officials say unknown hackers installed malware in the bank's computer systems in last month's attempt to steal nearly $1 billion from the central bank's account at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. ](/news/2016/03/11/bangladeshi-bank-officials-say-unknown-hackers-installed-malware-in-the-bank-s-computer-systems-in-last-month-s-attempt-to-steal-nearly-1-b.md) _Context: malware_
9. [The Association for Computing Machinery awards the 2015 A.M. Turing Award to Whitfield Diffie and Martin Hellman for the invention of public-key cryptography and digital signatures which revolutionized computer security. ](/news/2016/03/1/the-association-for-computing-machinery-awards-the-2015-a-m-turing-award-to-whitfield-diffie-and-martin-hellman-for-the-invention-of-public.md) _Context: Computer security_
10. [Iran rebuffs a Stuxnet-style computer worm attack on a power plant in southern Iran. Tehran accuses Israel and the United States of planting the malware. ](/news/2012/12/25/iran-rebuffs-a-stuxnet-style-computer-worm-attack-on-a-power-plant-in-southern-iran-tehran-accuses-israel-and-the-united-states-of-planting.md) _Context: malware_
