### [2016-10-11](/news/2016/10/11/index.md)

# Hurricane Matthew. The United Nations launches an emergency appeal for almost U.S.$120 million in life-saving help for 750,000 survivors in Haiti at risk of starvation and/or cholera. 

Parts of Haiti hit by Matthew were still without aid Tuesday, as the U.N. sought $120 million in life-saving aid for 750,000 survivors at risk of cholera.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/storyline/hurricane-matthew/haiti-needs-massive-response-halt-cholera-crisis-after-matthew-u-n664191)

### Related:

1. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Matthew hits the southeastern United States as the death toll in Haiti rises to at least 877. ](/news/2016/10/7/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-hits-the-southeastern-united-states-as-the-death-toll-in-haiti-rises-to-at-least-877.md) _Context: Haiti, Hurricane Matthew, emergency appeal_
2. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Matthew kills at least 26 people on the island of Hispaniola; 22 in Haiti and four more in the Dominican Republic. The U.S. National Hurricane Center predicts the storm, currently a Category 3 with maximum sustained winds of 115 mph (185 km/h), will strengthen as it moves across the Bahamas tonight and tomorrow, and be near the east coast of Florida by tomorrow evening. ](/news/2016/10/5/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-kills-at-least-26-people-on-the-island-of-hispaniola-22-in-haiti-and-four-more-in-the-dom.md) _Context: Haiti, Hurricane Matthew, emergency appeal_
3. [Aid workers and the United Nations raise concerns about rising food prices and increased cholera in Haiti, where Hurricane Sandy has killed at least 52 people. ](/news/2012/10/30/aid-workers-and-the-united-nations-raise-concerns-about-rising-food-prices-and-increased-cholera-in-haiti-where-hurricane-sandy-has-killed.md) _Context: Haiti, United Nations, cholera_
4. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Weather forecasters track Hurricane Matthew as it makes landfall in Haiti and issue hurricane warnings for Cuba and the Bahamas. ](/news/2016/10/4/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-weather-forecasters-track-hurricane-matthew-as-it-makes-landfall-in-haiti-and-issue-hurricane-warnings-for-c.md) _Context: Haiti, Hurricane Matthew_
5. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Heavy rains from Hurricane Matthew's outer bands drench Haiti and Jamaica, killing a Haitian fisherman. The Category 4 storm, with 140 mph ((220 km/h) maximum sustained winds), is heading towards western Haiti, eastern Cuba, and the southeastern and central Bahamas. ](/news/2016/10/3/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-heavy-rains-from-hurricane-matthew-s-outer-bands-drench-haiti-and-jamaica-killing-a-haitian-fisherman-the.md) _Context: Haiti, Hurricane Matthew_
6. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Matthew, at Category 4 strength with maximum sustained winds of 150 mph (240 km/h), temporarily stalls as it heads towards Jamaica and Haiti. Weather forecasters expect tropical storm conditions today with landfall tomorrow. Further, they expect rainfall of 20 inches, with up to 40 inches in some parts of southern Haiti. ](/news/2016/10/2/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-at-category-4-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-150-mph-240-km-h-temporarily-st.md) _Context: Haiti, Hurricane Matthew_
7. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season. Hurricane Matthew becomes a category-5 hurricane with maximum sustained winds up to 160 mph, the strongest hurricane to form over the Caribbean Sea since Hurricane Felix in 2007. It is expected to impact parts of Haiti, Jamaica and eastern Cuba. ](/news/2016/09/30/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-becomes-a-category-5-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-up-to-160-mph-the-strongest-h.md) _Context: Haiti, Hurricane Matthew_
8. [ In Iraq, a cholera outbreak prompts United Nations agencies UNICEF and the World Health Organization to launch a prevention and treatment campaign. So far, around 2,200 cases have been confirmed, and some infections have occurred in neighboring countries. ](/news/2015/11/7/in-iraq-a-cholera-outbreak-prompts-united-nations-agencies-unicef-and-the-world-health-organization-to-launch-a-prevention-and-treatment-c.md) _Context: United Nations, cholera_
9. [Members of the United Nations peacekeeping force sent to Haiti are alleged to have raped a Haitian teenage boy and sexually abused him at a UN base in the town of Port-Salut: he is to testify in a closed hearing. ](/news/2012/05/10/members-of-the-united-nations-peacekeeping-force-sent-to-haiti-are-alleged-to-have-raped-a-haitian-teenage-boy-and-sexually-abused-him-at-a.md) _Context: Haiti, United Nations_
10. [According to a study by a team of epidemiologists and physicians, evidence "strongly suggests" that United Nations peacekeepers brought a cholera strain to Haiti that has killed thousands of people. ](/news/2011/06/30/according-to-a-study-by-a-team-of-epidemiologists-and-physicians-evidence-strongly-suggests-that-united-nations-peacekeepers-brought-a-ch.md) _Context: United Nations, cholera_
