### [2016-10-11](/news/2016/10/11/index.md)

# The Obama administration through the U.S. Department of Justice announces that they will file criminal contempt of court charges against Maricopa County, Arizona sheriff Joe Arpaio for violating a judge's order to stop immigration patrols that led to a court finding of racial profiling. The charges carry a maximum penalty of six months in jail. 

Sheriff Joe Arpaio faces a misdemeanor charge of defying a court order to stop racial profiling of Latinos suspected of being in the U.S. illegally.


### Source:

1. [Arizona Central](http://www.azcentral.com/story/news/local/phoenix/2016/10/11/department-justice-charge-arpaio-criminal-contempt/91901204/)
2. [NPR](http://www.npr.org/sections/thetwo-way/2016/10/11/497577585/feds-will-press-criminal-contempt-charges-against-ariz-sheriff-arpaio)

### Related:

1. [U.S. President Donald Trump pardons former sheriff of Maricopa County, Arizona, Joe Arpaio. ](/news/2017/08/25/u-s-president-donald-trump-pardons-former-sheriff-of-maricopa-county-arizona-joe-arpaio.md) _Context: Joe Arpaio, Maricopa County, Arizona_
2. [The Obama Administration and Bush Administration had failed to publicly disclose up to thousands of lethal airstrikes the U.S. made in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria against ISIL, Al-Qaeda, and the Taliban via U.S. Army helicopters and drones. ](/news/2017/02/5/the-obama-administration-and-bush-administration-had-failed-to-publicly-disclose-up-to-thousands-of-lethal-airstrikes-the-u-s-made-in-afgha.md) _Context: Obama Administration_
3. [Germany-United States relations: Deutsche Bank agrees to a $7.2 billion settlement with the U.S. Department of Justice over its sale and pooling of toxic mortgage securities in the years leading up to the 2008 financial crisis. ](/news/2017/01/17/germany-united-states-relations-deutsche-bank-agrees-to-a-7-2-billion-settlement-with-the-u-s-department-of-justice-over-its-sale-and-p.md) _Context: U.S. Department of Justice_
4. [Barack Obama citizenship conspiracy theories: Arizona Sheriff Joe Arpaio holds a press conference showing findings from 2 different forensic experts of "9 points of forgery" alleging President Obama's long form birth certificate was forged and also claims to have found the birth certificate used to make the forgery. ](/news/2016/12/15/barack-obama-citizenship-conspiracy-theories-arizona-sheriff-joe-arpaio-holds-a-press-conference-showing-findings-from-2-different-forensic.md) _Context: Joe Arpaio_
5. [Russia-United States relations: Democratic National Committee cyber attacks: The Obama administration formally accuses the Russian government of cyber attacks against the U.S. Democratic Party in influencing presidential election. ](/news/2016/10/7/russia-united-states-relations-democratic-national-committee-cyber-attacks-the-obama-administration-formally-accuses-the-russian-governm.md) _Context: Obama Administration_
6. [Myanmar-United States relations: The Obama administration lifts U.S. sanctions on Myanmar by terminating an emergency order that deemed the policies of the former military government a threat to U.S. national security. ](/news/2016/10/7/myanmar-united-states-relations-the-obama-administration-lifts-u-s-sanctions-on-myanmar-by-terminating-an-emergency-order-that-deemed-th.md) _Context: Obama Administration_
7. [Syrian civil war: Russia-United States relations: The Obama administration through the U.S. State Department announces the suspension of bilateral talks with Russia about the cessation of hostilities in Syria, as Russia and the Syrian government continue to pursue a military course despite the ceasefire accord. ](/news/2016/10/3/syrian-civil-war-russia-united-states-relations-the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-state-department-announces-the-suspension-of-b.md) _Context: Obama Administration_
8. [Yemeni Crisis: The Obama administration through the U.S. Defense Department says it will take appropriate action against those responsible for October 9 unsuccessful cruise missile attack, apparently fired from Houthi-controlled territory in Yemen, upon the USS Mason. ](/news/2016/10/11/yemeni-crisis-the-obama-administration-through-the-u-s-defense-department-says-it-will-take-appropriate-action-against-those-responsible-f.md) _Context: Obama Administration_
9. [The Obama administration through the United States Department of Commerce transfers oversight of the technical management of the Internet by the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers to an international consortium of stakeholders. ](/news/2016/10/1/the-obama-administration-through-the-united-states-department-of-commerce-transfers-oversight-of-the-technical-management-of-the-internet-by.md) _Context: Obama Administration_
10. [The Obama administration chooses retired United States Air Force Brigadier General Gregory Touhill the first federal CISO chief, who reports to the CIO of the U.S. Tony Scott. ](/news/2016/09/8/the-obama-administration-chooses-retired-united-states-air-force-brigadier-general-gregory-touhill-the-first-federal-ciso-chief-who-reports.md) _Context: Obama Administration_
