### [2016-10-11](/news/2016/10/11/index.md)

# The Office of the Chief Medical Examiner in Oklahoma City reports that an unarmed black man, Terence Crutcher, shot dead on September 16, by a white police officer, Betty Jo Shelby, had acute PCP intoxication. Authorities charged her with first-degree manslaughter. 

An unarmed black man shot dead by a white police officer after his car broke down on a city street last month was high on the hallucinogenic drug PCP in when he died, according to toxicology tests released by a medical examiner Tuesday.


### Source:

1. [AP via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/us/2016/10/11/autopsy-oklahoma-police-victim-had-pcp-in-system-when-died.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://a57.foxnews.com/media2.foxnews.com/BrightCove/694940094001/2016/09/23/0/0/694940094001_5138156789001_Tulsa-cop-turns-herself-in-for-shooting-of-unarmed-man-.jpg?ve=1)

### Related:

1. [The Venerable Rev. Father Stanley Rother, a priest of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Oklahoma City (born in Okarche, Oklahoma), is beatified at the Cox Convention Center in Oklahoma City by Cardinal Angelo Amato, head of the sainthood Congregation in the Roman Curia and Pope Francis's delegate. Rother, who became a missionary, was assassinated in July 1981 in the poor rural village of Santiago Atitlan, Guatemala, and is the first Catholic martyr born a citizen of the United States. ](/news/2017/09/23/the-venerable-rev-father-stanley-rother-a-priest-of-the-roman-catholic-archdiocese-of-oklahoma-city-born-in-okarche-oklahoma-is-beatif.md) _Context: Oklahoma City_
2. [Will Rogers World Airport in Oklahoma City suspends all arrival and departure flights after at least one person is shot in the airport's parking lot. Local media report that victim has been transported in "emergency condition" to a nearby hospital. ](/news/2016/11/15/will-rogers-world-airport-in-oklahoma-city-suspends-all-arrival-and-departure-flights-after-at-least-one-person-is-shot-in-the-airport-s-par.md) _Context: Oklahoma City_
3. [The U.S. Geological Survey reports a magnitude 5.1 earthquake strike in Oklahoma, the state's third strongest quake, northwest of Oklahoma City. No damage or injuries are reported. Oklahoma has recently experienced a surge in seismic activity, leading to calls for the governor to make changes to oil- and gas-drilling regulations. ](/news/2016/02/13/the-u-s-geological-survey-reports-a-magnitude-5-1-earthquake-strike-in-oklahoma-the-state-s-third-strongest-quake-northwest-of-oklahoma-c.md) _Context: Oklahoma City_
4. [Record breaking rain causes flooding in the American states of Oklahoma and Texas with Oklahoma City recording record rainfall levels for the month of May. ](/news/2015/05/23/record-breaking-rain-causes-flooding-in-the-american-states-of-oklahoma-and-texas-with-oklahoma-city-recording-record-rainfall-levels-for-th.md) _Context: Oklahoma City_
5. [A Girl Scout in Oklahoma City is reported as having sold 18,107 boxes of cookies, breaking the previous record of 18,000. ](/news/2014/03/25/a-girl-scout-in-oklahoma-city-is-reported-as-having-sold-18-107-boxes-of-cookies-breaking-the-previous-record-of-18-000.md) _Context: Oklahoma City_
6. [The death toll from the tornados that hit Oklahoma City on May 31 rises to nine. ](/news/2013/06/1/the-death-toll-from-the-tornados-that-hit-oklahoma-city-on-may-31-rises-to-nine.md) _Context: Oklahoma City_
7. [Oklahoma City's Will Rogers World Airport is evacuated due to a tornado threat with three tornadoes touching down with five people dead and others reported missing. ](/news/2013/05/31/oklahoma-city-s-will-rogers-world-airport-is-evacuated-due-to-a-tornado-threat-with-three-tornadoes-touching-down-with-five-people-dead-and.md) _Context: Oklahoma City_
8. [A massive two mile wide tornado strikes south of the US city of Oklahoma City, causing widespread damage and causing the National Weather Service to issue a rare tornado emergency. ](/news/2013/05/20/a-massive-two-mile-wide-tornado-strikes-south-of-the-us-city-of-oklahoma-city-causing-widespread-damage-and-causing-the-national-weather-se.md) _Context: Oklahoma City_
9. [Osvaldo Rivera is the suspect jailed in Camden County, New Jersey for the stabbing to death of a 6-year-old boy and the attempted murder of the boy's 12-year-old sister. Authorities say he was high on PCP-laced marijuana. ](/news/2012/09/4/osvaldo-rivera-is-the-suspect-jailed-in-camden-county-new-jersey-for-the-stabbing-to-death-of-a-6-year-old-boy-and-the-attempted-murder-of.md) _Context: acute PCP intoxication_
10. [ Nathaniel Jones, a 41-year-old, 350 lb unarmed black man dies after being clubbed by police with metal truncheons in Cincinnati, Ohio. Six police officers are suspended from duty afterwards. A video of the beating, captured by the video camera mounted in an officer's cruiser, is released to the public, stoking racial tensions in Cincinnati nearly three years after the city was rocked by riots. Preliminary autopsy results show that Jones had an enlarged heart, and his blood contained cocaine and PCP, Hamilton County Coroner Carl Parrott says.](/news/2003/11/30/nathaniel-jones-a-41-year-old-350-lb-unarmed-black-man-dies-after-being-clubbed-by-police-with-metal-truncheons-in-cincinnati-ohio-six.md) _Context: acute PCP intoxication_
