### [2016-10-11](/news/2016/10/11/index.md)

# The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and a rebel official report that Russian jets have resumed heavy bombing, and, in total, have now killed at least 50 civilians in villages surrounding rebel-held eastern Aleppo. 

Russian jets resumed heavy bombing of rebel-held eastern Aleppo on Tuesday after several days of relative calm, a rebel official and the Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights monitoring group said.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-aleppo-idUSKCN12B14M)
2. [Sky News United Kingdom](http://news.sky.com/story/aleppo-airstrikes-kill-at-least-50-civilians-in-rebel-held-areas-10614275)

### Related:

1. [Between four and 20 people are reported killed by government and Russian  airstrikes that hit rebel held areas, five hospitals, and a mobile clinic in Aleppo,  says U.S. State Department spokeswoman Elizabeth Trudeau. Syria and Russia deny targeting Aleppo. ](/news/2016/11/15/between-four-and-20-people-are-reported-killed-by-government-and-russian-airstrikes-that-hit-rebel-held-areas-five-hospitals-and-a-mobile.md) _Context: Aleppo, Russia, war_
2. [Russia vetoes a French-drafted United Nations Security Council resolution that calls for a ceasefire in Aleppo. China, which had backed Russia's four previous Syria-related vetoes, abstains. ](/news/2016/10/8/russia-vetoes-a-french-drafted-united-nations-security-council-resolution-that-calls-for-a-ceasefire-in-aleppo-china-which-had-backed-russ.md) _Context: Aleppo, Russia, war_
3. [Russian and Syrian government attacks on rebel-held east Aleppo kill two people and injure 13 others. The Syrian American Medical Society reports the city's main trauma hospital closes. ](/news/2016/10/1/russian-and-syrian-government-attacks-on-rebel-held-east-aleppo-kill-two-people-and-injure-13-others-the-syrian-american-medical-society-re.md) _Context: Aleppo, Russia, war_
4. [Russian warships in the Mediterranean Sea fire cruise missiles at sites near Aleppo. The Russian Defense Ministry claims the strikes targeted the Islamist militant group Jabhat Fateh al-Sham.  ](/news/2016/08/19/russian-warships-in-the-mediterranean-sea-fire-cruise-missiles-at-sites-near-aleppo-the-russian-defense-ministry-claims-the-strikes-targete.md) _Context: Aleppo, Russia, war_
5. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says that at least 51 people have been killed in the Syrian city of Aleppo. ](/news/2016/08/13/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-that-at-least-51-people-have-been-killed-in-the-syrian-city-of-aleppo.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, war_
6. [Airstrikes hit  Darkush in Idlib Province near the Turkish border, killing at least 23 people, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights.  At least 25 died when rebels shelled government-held areas of Aleppo. Friday is the last day of a 72-hour Syrian Army-sponsored ceasefire. ](/news/2016/07/8/airstrikes-hit-darkush-in-idlib-province-near-the-turkish-border-killing-at-least-23-people-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, war_
7. [The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL militants have kidnapped about 900 Syrian Kurdish civilians from Aleppo over the past three weeks in retaliation for the Kurdish and US-backed Syrian Democratic Forces attack on Manbij. The captives are being forced to build fortifications for the extremists. At least 26 of those abducted reportedly have been killed for refusing to follow ISIL orders. ](/news/2016/06/24/the-britain-based-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-isil-militants-have-kidnapped-about-900-syrian-kurdish-civilians-from-aleppo-o.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, war_
8. [A rocket attack hits a hospital in the Syrian city of Aleppo, killing three civilians. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said the attack was part of a bigger shelling that killed 19 more people. ](/news/2016/05/3/a-rocket-attack-hits-a-hospital-in-the-syrian-city-of-aleppo-killing-three-civilians-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-said-the-atta.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, war_
9. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims that twenty air strikes have hit the northern areas of Aleppo. Bombardments by both sides have killed nearly 250 people since April 22. ](/news/2016/04/30/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-claims-that-twenty-air-strikes-have-hit-the-northern-areas-of-aleppo-bombardments-by-both-sides-hav.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, war_
10. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that airstrikes have killed at least seven people in Aleppo. ](/news/2016/04/22/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-that-airstrikes-have-killed-at-least-seven-people-in-aleppo.md) _Context: Aleppo, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, war_
