### [2016-10-11](/news/2016/10/11/index.md)

# War in Afghanistan: Violence against Shia Muslims: A gunman, reportedly wearing an Afghan police uniform, kills at least 14 people and wounds dozens more in the Shiite Karte Sakhi shrine in Kabul on the beginning of Ashura. Police kill the attacker. 

Gunmen walked into a Shiite mosque in the Afghan capital on Tuesday and opened fire, killing more than a dozen people and wounding many others inside.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-afghanistan-attacks-idUSKCN12B2E1)
2. [UPI](http://www.upi.com/Top_News/World-News/2016/10/11/At-least-14-killed-by-gunmen-in-Kabul-mosque-at-start-of-Ashura/9921476204127/?spt=hs&or=tn_int)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan: Violence against Shia Muslims: A bomb explosion among crowds of Shiite Muslims gathered to mark Ashura, one of their holiest commemorations, kills at least 12 people and wounds 28 others. Also, authorities revise the death toll to 17 from yesterday's attack on a Kabul Shiite shrine. ](/news/2016/10/12/war-in-afghanistan-violence-against-shia-muslims-a-bomb-explosion-among-crowds-of-shiite-muslims-gathered-to-mark-ashura-one-of-their-hol.md) _Context: Ashura, Kabul, Shi'ite, Violence against Shia Muslims, War in Afghanistan_
2. [War in Afghanistan: A suicide car bombing in the western part of Kabul kills at least 24 and injures more than 40 people. Afghan authorities say the target of the attack was a bus of civilian government workers from the Ministry of Mines and Petroleum. ](/news/2017/07/24/war-in-afghanistan-a-suicide-car-bombing-in-the-western-part-of-kabul-kills-at-least-24-and-injures-more-than-40-people-afghan-authorities.md) _Context: Kabul, War in Afghanistan_
3. [War in Afghanistan: June 2017 Kabul attack: According to the Interior Ministry, three blasts at a funeral attended by MPs and government figures in Kabul kill at least seven people and wound 119 more. ](/news/2017/06/3/war-in-afghanistan-june-2017-kabul-attack-according-to-the-interior-ministry-three-blasts-at-a-funeral-attended-by-mps-and-government-fig.md) _Context: Kabul, War in Afghanistan_
4. [War in Afghanistan: June 2017 Kabul mosque attack: A terrorist attack, involving a blast and gunfire, occurs at a Shia mosque in Kabul, Afghanistan, killing several people. ](/news/2017/06/15/war-in-afghanistan-june-2017-kabul-mosque-attack-a-terrorist-attack-involving-a-blast-and-gunfire-occurs-at-a-shia-mosque-in-kabul-afgh.md) _Context: Kabul, War in Afghanistan_
5. [War in Afghanistan: Four militants attack a state television building in Jalalabad, killing at least six people. The militants are also killed after engaging with Afghan police. ISIL claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/05/17/war-in-afghanistan-four-militants-attack-a-state-television-building-in-jalalabad-killing-at-least-six-people-the-militants-are-also-kill.md) _Context: Afghan police, War in Afghanistan_
6. [War in Afghanistan: 10 January 2017 Afghanistan bombings: Two bombs explode near the National Assembly in Kabul, killing at least 38 people. ](/news/2017/01/10/war-in-afghanistan-10-january-2017-afghanistan-bombings-two-bombs-explode-near-the-national-assembly-in-kabul-killing-at-least-38-people.md) _Context: Kabul, War in Afghanistan_
7. [War in Afghanistan: November 2016 Kabul suicide bombing: At least 32 people are killed and another 80 injured in a suicide bombing at a Kabul Shia mosque. ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/21/war-in-afghanistan-november-2016-kabul-suicide-bombing-at-least-32-people-are-killed-and-another-80-injured-in-a-suicide-bombing-at-a-kabu.md) _Context: Kabul, War in Afghanistan_
8. [July 2016 Kabul bombing: Afghan officials report at least 80 people are killed and more than 230 injured as twin suicide blasts hit a large demonstration of the Shiite Hazara community over a power route line at Dehmazang Circle, Kabul, Afghanistan. The Islamic State claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/07/23/july-2016-kabul-bombing-afghan-officials-report-at-least-80-people-are-killed-and-more-than-230-injured-as-twin-suicide-blasts-hit-a-large.md) _Context: Kabul, Shi'ite_
9. [ War in Afghanistan: Six police officers are killed in an insider attack in Uruzgan province. ](/news/2016/05/21/war-in-afghanistan-six-police-officers-are-killed-in-an-insider-attack-in-uruzgan-province.md) _Context: Afghan police, War in Afghanistan_
10. [War in Afghanistan: April 2016 Kabul attack: A large explosion is reported in the Afghan capital Kabul a week after the Taliban declared the start of their annual spring offensive. The target was an Afghan government security compound with at least 28 people reported killed and more than 200 others injured. ](/news/2016/04/19/war-in-afghanistan-april-2016-kabul-attack-a-large-explosion-is-reported-in-the-afghan-capital-kabul-a-week-after-the-taliban-declared-the.md) _Context: Kabul, War in Afghanistan_
