### [2010-07-11](/news/2010/07/11/index.md)

# Police in northern Eleuthera, The Bahamas, capture Colton Harris-Moore, a 19-year-old fugitive known in the United States as the "Barefoot Bandit". 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2010/07/11/AR2010071101048.html)

### Related:

1. [Following the death of Alton Sterling and Philando Castile and the shooting of white police officers in Dallas, Texas, The Bahamas issues a rare travel warning for its citizens traveling to the United States. ](/news/2016/07/9/following-the-death-of-alton-sterling-and-philando-castile-and-the-shooting-of-white-police-officers-in-dallas-texas-the-bahamas-issues-a.md) _Context: Bahamas, United States_
2. [The United Arab Emirates and Bahrain issue a travel warning for their citizens heading to American cities where protests are occuring following ethnic tensions in the country. This comes after The Bahamas issued its own travel warning yesterday, after the shooting of Dallas police officers. ](/news/2016/07/10/the-united-arab-emirates-and-bahrain-issue-a-travel-warning-for-their-citizens-heading-to-american-cities-where-protests-are-occuring-follow.md) _Context: Bahamas, United States_
3. [Colton Harris-Moore, otherwise known as the "Barefoot Bandit", pleads guilty to illegally landing a plane in The Bahamas, and currently faces jail or deportation. ](/news/2010/07/13/colton-harris-moore-otherwise-known-as-the-barefoot-bandit-pleads-guilty-to-illegally-landing-a-plane-in-the-bahamas-and-currently-face.md) _Context: Bahamas, Colton Harris-Moore_
4. [Irma has killed at least 14 people. The storm, still at Category 5 strength with maximum sustained winds of 175 mph (280 km/h), is moving west-northwest at 16 mph (26 km/h). It has reached the dual-country island of Hispaniola and is forecast to pass over the Turks and Caicos Islands as it heads towards The Bahamas and Cuba. The eye did not directly hit Puerto Rico; still casualties are reported and around two-thirds of its 3.4 million population are without electricity. ](/news/2017/09/7/irma-has-killed-at-least-14-people-the-storm-still-at-category-5-strength-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-175-mph-280-km-h-is-moving-we.md) _Context: Bahamas_
5. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: United States_
6. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: United States_
7. [United States Senator Susan Collins says she will vote "no" on the Graham-Cassidy bill joining Senators John McCain and Rand Paul and possibly ending the most recent effort to repeal Obamacare. ](/news/2017/09/25/united-states-senator-susan-collins-says-she-will-vote-no-on-the-grahamacassidy-bill-joining-senators-john-mccain-and-rand-paul-and-poss.md) _Context: United States_
8. [North Korea says that the recent flight of U.S. aircraft off the coast of North Korea amounts to a declaration of war. ](/news/2017/09/25/north-korea-says-that-the-recent-flight-of-u-s-aircraft-off-the-coast-of-north-korea-amounts-to-a-declaration-of-war.md) _Context: United States_
9. [Maria, now a Category 3 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 125 mph (205 km/h), is passing offshore of the northern coast of the Dominican Republic, expected to impact the Turks and Caicos Islands and southeastern Bahamas later tonight and Friday. ](/news/2017/09/21/maria-now-a-category-3-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-125-mph-205-km-h-is-passing-offshore-of-the-northern-coast-of-the-domin.md) _Context: Bahamas_
10. [Facebook agrees to disclose ads that ran in the U.S. in 2016 from accounts associated with a Russian entity known as the Internet Research Agency to United States Congressional investigators. Earlier, this information was provided to Special Counsel Robert Mueller. ](/news/2017/09/21/facebook-agrees-to-disclose-ads-that-ran-in-the-u-s-in-2016-from-accounts-associated-with-a-russian-entity-known-as-the-internet-research-a.md) _Context: United States_
