### [2002-10-11](/news/2002/10/11/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict: United States embassy guards in Tel Aviv, Israel, stopped a suicide bomber from setting off a bomb in a crowded beachfront cafe.




### Related:

1. [ Israeli police, at the request of the British Embassy in Tel Aviv, captured a man who broke in to the Embassy and demanded asylum, threatening to kill himself if his demands were not met. ](/news/2006/08/31/israeli-police-at-the-request-of-the-british-embassy-in-tel-aviv-captured-a-man-who-broke-in-to-the-embassy-and-demanded-asylum-threaten.md) _Context: Israel, Tel Aviv, embassies_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: At least 32 people are injured, including one seriously, when a Palestinian suicide bomber detonates himself at a food stand near Tel Aviv's central bus station. Palestinian Islamic Jihad's al-Quds brigades claims responsibility for the attack. It is the first terrorist attack of the year in Israel. ](/news/2006/01/19/israeli-palestinian-conflict-at-least-32-people-are-injured-including-one-seriously-when-a-palestinian-suicide-bomber-detonates-himself.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Tel Aviv_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: Following an Israeli raid on the Palestinian city of Tulkarm, one Israeli soldier and one Islamic Jihad leader are killed. The soldier was killed in a gunfight with 3 members of Palestinian Islamic Jihad. The three were suspected to have been part of the cell which was involved in Tel Aviv "Stage" club bombing in February 2005. Shafiq Abdul Rani, the leader of the Jihad cell in Tulkarm was killed and another militant was arrested. ](/news/2005/05/2/israeli-palestinian-conflict-following-an-israeli-raid-on-the-palestinian-city-of-tulkarm-one-israeli-soldier-and-one-islamic-jihad-lead.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Tel Aviv_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A suicide bomber killed a 71-year-old woman and injured several other at a bus stop near Tel Aviv, Israel.: A large crowd of Palestinian police officers and militiamen marched in a funeral procession for a policeman killed by a Hamas militiaman. Hamas claims that, although they did not authorize the killing, it was justified under Islamic law.](/news/2002/10/10/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-suicide-bomber-killed-a-71-year-old-woman-and-injured-several-other-at-a-bus-stop-near-tel-aviv-israel-a.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Tel Aviv_
5. [A Tel Aviv, Israel, four story parking lot under construction collapses and kills at least two people and injures 18 others. ](/news/2016/09/5/a-tel-aviv-israel-four-story-parking-lot-under-construction-collapses-and-kills-at-least-two-people-and-injures-18-others.md) _Context: Israel, Tel Aviv_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present): Israel suspends 83,000 entry permits for Palestinians for Ramadan following a mass shooting in downtown Tel Aviv that killed four and injured 17 people. ](/news/2016/06/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-present-israel-suspends-83-000-entry-permits-for-palestinians-for-ramadan-following-a-mass-shooting.md) _Context: Israel, Tel Aviv_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present): June 2016 Tel Aviv shooting: Two Palestinian gunmen open fire in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv killing at least four people and injuring at least 18 others. The two gunmen are arrested. ](/news/2016/06/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-present-june-2016-tel-aviv-shooting-two-palestinian-gunmen-open-fire-in-the-israeli-city-of-tel-av.md) _Context: Israel, Tel Aviv_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel claims its forces shot dead five Palestinian attackers in three separate incidents. ](/news/2016/02/14/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-claims-its-forces-shot-dead-five-palestinian-attackers-in-three-separate-incidents.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A shooting takes place at a pub in Tel Aviv, Israel, leaving two dead and eight injured. The gunman managed to escape and possibly killed his accomplice, an Arab taxi driver, whose body was found nearby. The police identified the shooter as 30 year old muslim Nisa'at Melkham from Ar'ara and searched his home. ](/news/2016/01/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-shooting-takes-place-at-a-pub-in-tel-aviv-israel-leaving-two-dead-and-eight-injured-the-gunman-managed.md) _Context: Israel, Tel Aviv_
