### [2002-10-11](/news/2002/10/11/index.md)

#  Jimmy Carter is honored with the Nobel Peace Prize.




### Related:

1. [The Nobel Prize committee awards Colombian president Juan Manuel Santos the Nobel Peace Prize for his resolute efforts to bring the country's more than 50-year-long civil war to an end, a war that has cost the lives of at least 220 thousand Colombians and displaced close to six million people. ](/news/2016/10/7/the-nobel-prize-committee-awards-colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-the-nobel-peace-prize-for-his-resolute-efforts-to-bring-the-country.md) _Context: Nobel Peace Prize_
2. [Former President and Prime Minister of Israel, and Nobel Peace Prize winner Shimon Peres dies at the age of 93. ](/news/2016/09/28/former-president-and-prime-minister-of-israel-and-nobel-peace-prize-winner-shimon-peres-dies-at-the-age-of-93.md) _Context: Nobel Peace Prize_
3. [The Myanmar Assembly of the Union, or parliament,  selects Htin Kyaw as the new President. Kyaw, a confidant of Aung San Suu Kyi, will be the first civilian president in decades. Suu Kyi, a Nobel Peace Prize recipient, is constitutionally barred from the office. ](/news/2016/03/15/the-myanmar-assembly-of-the-union-or-parliament-selects-htin-kyaw-as-the-new-president-kyaw-a-confidant-of-aung-san-suu-kyi-will-be-th.md) _Context: Nobel Peace Prize_
4. [Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter announces that his latest medical tests show he is cancer-free. Carter, 91, announced in August that a melanoma for which he had been treated had returned. ](/news/2015/12/6/former-u-s-president-jimmy-carter-announces-that-his-latest-medical-tests-show-he-is-cancer-free-carter-91-announced-in-august-that-a-me.md) _Context: Jimmy Carter_
5. [Voters in Myanmar head to the polls with the National League for Democracy, the party of Nobel Peace Prize-winner Aung San Suu Kyi, expected to win a majority of seats in Parliament and the ruling Union Solidarity and Development Party conceding defeat on Monday. Early indication is an 80 percent turnout of the more than 30 million people eligible to vote. ](/news/2015/11/8/voters-in-myanmar-head-to-the-polls-with-the-national-league-for-democracy-the-party-of-nobel-peace-prize-winner-aung-san-suu-kyi-expected.md) _Context: Nobel Peace Prize_
6. [The president of Zimbabwe, Robert Mugabe, is awarded the Confucius Peace Prize, sometimes characterized as a Chinese alternative to the Nobel Peace Prize. ](/news/2015/10/23/the-president-of-zimbabwe-robert-mugabe-is-awarded-the-confucius-peace-prize-sometimes-characterized-as-a-chinese-alternative-to-the-nobe.md) _Context: Nobel Peace Prize_
7. [Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter announceds that his liver cancer (melanoma) has spread to his brain. In addition to radiation, Carter will be treated with a new drug, Keytruda (pembrolizumab), that boosts the immune system without the debilitating side effects of older treatments. ](/news/2015/08/20/former-u-s-president-jimmy-carter-announceds-that-his-liver-cancer-melanoma-has-spread-to-his-brain-in-addition-to-radiation-carter-wil.md) _Context: Jimmy Carter_
8. [Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter, aged 90, announces that recent liver surgery revealed that he is suffering from an as-yet unspecified form of cancer which has spread to other parts of his body. ](/news/2015/08/12/former-u-s-president-jimmy-carter-aged-90-announces-that-recent-liver-surgery-revealed-that-he-is-suffering-from-an-as-yet-unspecified-fo.md) _Context: Jimmy Carter_
9. [Eight out of the ten allegedly involved in shooting Pakistani schoolgirl and Nobel Peace Prize winner Malala Yousafzai have been secretly set free. ](/news/2015/06/5/eight-out-of-the-ten-allegedly-involved-in-shooting-pakistani-schoolgirl-and-nobel-peace-prize-winner-malala-yousafzai-have-been-secretly-se.md) _Context: Nobel Peace Prize_
10. [An anti-terrorism court in Pakistan's Swat District sentences ten people to life imprisonment after finding them guilty of an attack on Nobel Peace Prize winner Malala Yousafzai and two other school girls. ](/news/2015/04/30/an-anti-terrorism-court-in-pakistan-s-swat-district-sentences-ten-people-to-life-imprisonment-after-finding-them-guilty-of-an-attack-on-nobe.md) _Context: Nobel Peace Prize_
