### [2002-10-11](/news/2002/10/11/index.md)

#  More than 10,000 supporters of Palestinian Authority President Yasser Arafat rallied in Gaza City to show strength against Hamas.




### Related:

1. [At least four Palestinians are injured following Israeli air strikes in Gaza that were reportedly in response to rockets launched into southern Israel by Hamas. ](/news/2017/02/28/at-least-four-palestinians-are-injured-following-israeli-air-strikes-in-gaza-that-were-reportedly-in-response-to-rockets-launched-into-south.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas_
2. [A 10-year-old Palestinian boy and his 6-year-old sister in Gaza are killed by fragments from a missile fired by an Israeli aircraft targeting  four Hamas training camps after four missiles landed in open areas in southern Israel late yesterday. ](/news/2016/03/12/a-10-year-old-palestinian-boy-and-his-6-year-old-sister-in-gaza-are-killed-by-fragments-from-a-missile-fired-by-an-israeli-aircraft-targetin.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:Israel suspends peace talks with the Palestinian Authority following an announcement of a unity agreement between the ruling Palestinian faction Fatah and the militant Hamas rulers of Gaza. ](/news/2014/04/24/israeliapalestinian-conflict-pisrael-suspends-peace-talks-with-the-palestinian-authority-following-an-announcement-of-a-unity-agreement-be.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian Authority_
4. [Egyptian Prime Minister Hesham Qandil makes a visit to Gaza City in hopes of lulling the ongoing conflict between Israel and Hamas. ](/news/2012/11/16/egyptian-prime-minister-hesham-qandil-makes-a-visit-to-gaza-city-in-hopes-of-lulling-the-ongoing-conflict-between-israel-and-hamas.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas_
5. [The Israeli Air Force launches an air strike east of Gaza City, killing a Hamas gunman, in response to a rocket launched at Israel which landed in the Negev Desert. ](/news/2011/08/16/the-israeli-air-force-launches-an-air-strike-east-of-gaza-city-killing-a-hamas-gunman-in-response-to-a-rocket-launched-at-israel-which-lan.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas_
6. [Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu calls on Palestinian Authority President Abbas to choose peace with Israel and not Hamas, saying that the Fatah-Hamas unity government deal would jeopardize the already-stalled peace process because Hamas opposes the existence of Israel; Abbas rejects the call as "unacceptable interference". ](/news/2011/05/3/israeli-prime-minister-netanyahu-calls-on-palestinian-authority-president-abbas-to-choose-peace-with-israel-and-not-hamas-saying-that-the-f.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian Authority_
7. [Hamas finds the dead body of kidnapped Italian activist Vittorio Arrigoni in Gaza City. ](/news/2011/04/15/hamas-finds-the-dead-body-of-kidnapped-italian-activist-vittorio-arrigoni-in-gaza-city.md) _Context: Gaza, Hamas_
8. [Top Fatah members aligned with Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas asked Israel to attack Hamas ahead of Hamas' violent takeover of the Gaza Strip in 2007, according to a US diplomatic cable published by Wikileaks. ](/news/2010/12/21/top-fatah-members-aligned-with-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-asked-israel-to-attack-hamas-ahead-of-hamasa-violent-takeover.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian Authority_
9. [Human rights organizations say the Palestinian Authority is depriving Palestinians in Gaza affiliated with Hamas of passports; Hamas has retaliated by depriving Gazans belonging to Fatah of their passports. ](/news/2010/11/8/human-rights-organizations-say-the-palestinian-authority-is-depriving-palestinians-in-gaza-affiliated-with-hamas-of-passports-hamas-has-ret.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian Authority_
10. [The Palestinian Authority arrests 250 members of Hamas following the shooting of four Israeli settlers at Beit Hagai. ](/news/2010/09/1/the-palestinian-authority-arrests-250-members-of-hamas-following-the-shooting-of-four-israeli-settlers-at-beit-hagai.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian Authority_
