### [2002-10-11](/news/2002/10/11/index.md)

#  United States embassy guards in Tel Aviv, Israel, stopped a suicide bomber from setting off a bomb in a crowded beachfront cafe.




### Related:

1. [ Israeli police, at the request of the British Embassy in Tel Aviv, captured a man who broke in to the Embassy and demanded asylum, threatening to kill himself if his demands were not met. ](/news/2006/08/31/israeli-police-at-the-request-of-the-british-embassy-in-tel-aviv-captured-a-man-who-broke-in-to-the-embassy-and-demanded-asylum-threaten.md) _Context: Israel, Tel Aviv, embassies_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: At least 32 people are injured, including one seriously, when a Palestinian suicide bomber detonates himself at a food stand near Tel Aviv's central bus station. Palestinian Islamic Jihad's al-Quds brigades claims responsibility for the attack. It is the first terrorist attack of the year in Israel. ](/news/2006/01/19/israeli-palestinian-conflict-at-least-32-people-are-injured-including-one-seriously-when-a-palestinian-suicide-bomber-detonates-himself.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Tel Aviv_
3. [ A suicide bomber killed a 71-year-old woman and injured several other at a bus stop near Tel Aviv, Israel. A large crowd of Palestinian police officers and militiamen marched in a funeral procession for a policeman killed by a Hamas militiaman. Hamas claims that, although they did not authorize the killing, it was justified under Islamic law.](/news/2002/10/10/a-suicide-bomber-killed-a-71-year-old-woman-and-injured-several-other-at-a-bus-stop-near-tel-aviv-israel-a-large-crowd-of-palestinian-pol.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Tel Aviv_
4. [A Tel Aviv, Israel, four story parking lot under construction collapses and kills at least two people and injures 18 others. ](/news/2016/09/5/a-tel-aviv-israel-four-story-parking-lot-under-construction-collapses-and-kills-at-least-two-people-and-injures-18-others.md) _Context: Israel, Tel Aviv_
5. [Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
6. [Israel suspends 83,000 entry permits for Palestinians for Ramadan following a mass shooting in downtown Tel Aviv that killed four and injured 17 people. ](/news/2016/06/9/israel-suspends-83-000-entry-permits-for-palestinians-for-ramadan-following-a-mass-shooting-in-downtown-tel-aviv-that-killed-four-and-injure.md) _Context: Israel, Tel Aviv_
7. [Two Palestinian gunmen open fire in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv killing at least four people and injuring at least 18 others. The two gunmen are arrested. ](/news/2016/06/8/two-palestinian-gunmen-open-fire-in-the-israeli-city-of-tel-aviv-killing-at-least-four-people-and-injuring-at-least-18-others-the-two-gunme.md) _Context: Israel, Tel Aviv_
8. [Israel claims its forces shot dead five Palestinian attackers in three separate incidents. ](/news/2016/02/14/israel-claims-its-forces-shot-dead-five-palestinian-attackers-in-three-separate-incidents.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [A shooting takes place at a pub in Tel Aviv, Israel, leaving two dead and eight injured. The gunman managed to escape and possibly killed his accomplice, an Arab taxi driver, whose body was found nearby. The police identified the shooter as 30 year old muslim Nisa'at Melkham from Ar'ara and searched his home. ](/news/2016/01/1/a-shooting-takes-place-at-a-pub-in-tel-aviv-israel-leaving-two-dead-and-eight-injured-the-gunman-managed-to-escape-and-possibly-killed-hi.md) _Context: Israel, Tel Aviv_
10. [Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-police-in-jerusalem-today-with-two-of-the-attackers-shot-dead-a.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
