### [2014-03-11](/news/2014/03/11/index.md)

# Shas endorses Isaac Herzog from the Israeli Labor Party as the country's next prime minister. 

During a special meeting, Shas head says opposition&#8217;s main goal is to topple Netanyahu&#8217;s government


### Source:

1. [AlJazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2014/03/israel-new-law-kills-minority-representation-2014311165373497.html)
2. [Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/aryeh-deri-endorses-isaac-herzog-for-prime-minister/)

### Related:

1. [Avi Gabbay, former minister of environmental protection in Benyamin Netanyahu's government, wins an upset victory in the primaries of the Israeli Labor Party, thus becoming leader of the opposition. ](/news/2017/07/10/avi-gabbay-former-minister-of-environmental-protection-in-benyamin-netanyahu-s-government-wins-an-upset-victory-in-the-primaries-of-the-is.md) _Context: Israeli Labor Party_
2. [The Jewish Agency for Israel Board of Governors cancels Monday's dinner with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to protest Sunday's decision by his cabinet to rescind plans for a mixed-gender prayer area at Jerusalem's Western Wall, a compromise agreement reached after three years of intense negotiations. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-jewish-agency-for-israel-board-of-governors-cancels-monday-s-dinner-with-israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-to-protest-sunday-s-d.md) _Context: Politics of Israel_
3. [The Israeli ultra-orthodox party Shas proposes a bill that would thwart the mixed prayer area at Western Wall by placing the site under the jurisdiction of the Chief Rabbinate; if approved, a NIS 10,000 fine would be given to those engaging in male-female prayer or women wrapping themselves in the traditional talit or laying tefillin. ](/news/2016/11/29/the-israeli-ultra-orthodox-party-shas-proposes-a-bill-that-would-thwart-the-mixed-prayer-area-at-western-wall-by-placing-the-site-under-the.md) _Context: Shas_
4. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's speech yesterday that the Grand Mufti of Jerusalem persuaded the Nazis to adopt their Final Solution to exterminate 6 million Jews is reproached by Holocaust experts and survivors, historians, world leaders, etc. Palestine Liberation Organization's Saeb Erakat and Israel's Zionist Union party's Isaac Herzog both blasted Netanyahu's claim. German Chancellor Angela Merkel said, "All Germans know the history of the murderous race mania of the Nazis that led to ... the Holocaust."  Mehnaz Afridi, a Manhattan College professor who promotes Muslim-Jewish dialogue said, "this ... really is a terrible statement to make at this time." ](/news/2015/10/21/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-s-speech-yesterday-that-the-grand-mufti-of-jerusalem-persuaded-the-nazis-to-adopt-their-final-solu.md) _Context: Isaac Herzog_
5. [Labor and Hatnuah agree to run in a joint list for the March 2015 elections in Israel in a bid to establish a large center-left political bloc and remove Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu from power; Isaac Herzog and Tzipi Livni, should they win the elections, will share the prime ministership on rotation. ](/news/2014/12/10/labor-and-hatnuah-agree-to-run-in-a-joint-list-for-the-march-2015-elections-in-israel-in-a-bid-to-establish-a-large-center-left-political-bl.md) _Context: Isaac Herzog_
6. [Binyamin Ben-Eliezer of the Israeli Labor Party withdraws from the presidential election on 10 June as a result of a graft probe. ](/news/2014/06/7/binyamin-ben-eliezer-of-the-israeli-labor-party-withdraws-from-the-presidential-election-on-10-june-as-a-result-of-a-graft-probe.md) _Context: Israeli Labor Party_
7. [Human Rights Watch and other rights groups issue a report rejecting the Israeli government's arguments against accepting Africans migrants seeking asylum in Israel and criticizing it for using force to deter them from entering the country, stating that the migrants face extreme violence if denied entry into Israel. ](/news/2012/10/29/human-rights-watch-and-other-rights-groups-issue-a-report-rejecting-the-israeli-governmentas-arguments-against-accepting-africans-migrants.md) _Context: Politics of Israel_
8. [Former television journalist Shelly Yachimovich is elected as the head of the Israeli Labor Party. ](/news/2011/09/22/former-television-journalist-shelly-yachimovich-is-elected-as-the-head-of-the-israeli-labor-party.md) _Context: Israeli Labor Party_
9. [Five months after his expulsion from the Shas party, Israeli rabbi Chaim Amsellem forms the Whole Nation party, and announces plans to run for the 19th Knesset on a secular-religious unity platform. ](/news/2011/04/14/five-months-after-his-expulsion-from-the-shas-party-israeli-rabbi-chaim-amsellem-forms-the-whole-nation-party-and-announces-plans-to-run-f.md) _Context: Shas_
10. [The leader of the Israeli Labor Party Ehud Barak and four other Labor Party MKs announce their resignation from the party and the formation of a new "centrist Zionist and democratic" faction called "Independence". ](/news/2011/01/17/the-leader-of-the-israeli-labor-party-ehud-barak-and-four-other-labor-party-mks-announce-their-resignation-from-the-party-and-the-formation.md) _Context: Israeli Labor Party_
