### [2015-08-21](/news/2015/08/21/index.md)

# 2015 Atlantic hurricane season: The season's first hurricane, Hurricane Danny, is upgraded to Category 3, as its winds strengthened to 115 mph. On its current track, the hurricane will move across the Leeward Islands by Monday but may weaken when it reaches Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. 

Danny&#39;s winds have strengthened to 115 mph, making it a Category 3 hurricane as it spins toward the Caribbean, the National Hurricane Center said Friday.


### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/weather/2015/08/21/hurricane-danny-caribbean/32108541/)
2. [Weather Channel updated](http://www.weather.com/storms/hurricane/news/hurricane-danny-tropical-storm-danny-atlantic-2015)

### Related:

1. [2015 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Joaquin: The United States National Transportation Safety Board announces it has completed its search of the sunken "El Faro", but did not find the voyage data recorder, i.e., the black box. ](/news/2015/11/16/2015-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-joaquin-the-united-states-national-transportation-safety-board-announces-it-has-completed-its-sea.md) _Context: 2015 Atlantic hurricane season_
2. [2015 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Joaquin: U.S. Coast Guard searchers, looking for the 790-foot El Faro cargo ship missing since Thursday, locate multiple objects, including life jackets, life rings, containers, and an oil sheen in the waters off The Bahamas. Connection to El Faro is not immediately confirmed. ](/news/2015/10/4/2015-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-joaquin-u-s-coast-guard-searchers-looking-for-the-790-foot-el-faro-cargo-ship-missing-since-thu.md) _Context: 2015 Atlantic hurricane season_
3. [Hurricane Joaquin: As Hurricane Joaquin, still a Category 3 storm, heads northeast, a Tropical Storm Warning and a Hurricane Watch are in effect for Bermuda. Winds will begin to strengthen early Saturday with thunderstorms and more significant showers around midnight. Joaquin should turn toward the north-northeast Sunday and pass around 125|nmi|abbr=off west of Bermuda that evening. ](/news/2015/10/3/hurricane-joaquin-as-hurricane-joaquin-still-a-category-3-storm-heads-northeast-a-tropical-storm-warning-and-a-hurricane-watch-are-in-ef.md) _Context: Category 3 storm_
4. [2015 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Joaquin: Hurricane Joaquin becomes a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph. Some additional strengthening is possible tomorrow. The storm, moving at just 6 mph, is predicted to drop 10 to 15 inches of rain in the central Bahamas with up to five inches expected for the rest of the archipelago. ](/news/2015/10/1/2015-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-joaquin-hurricane-joaquin-becomes-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph.md) _Context: 2015 Atlantic hurricane season_
5. [2015 Atlantic hurricane season: Tropical Storm Fred's predicted track will turn northeast toward the Azores islands off the coast of Portugal as a Tropical Depression. ](/news/2015/09/4/2015-atlantic-hurricane-season-tropical-storm-fred-s-predicted-track-will-turn-northeast-toward-the-azores-islands-off-the-coast-of-portuga.md) _Context: 2015 Atlantic hurricane season_
6. [2015 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Joaquin: Hurricane Joaquin passes over ocean with temperatures near 86degF (30degC) - the warmest since record keeping began in 1880. ](/news/2015/09/30/2015-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-joaquin-hurricane-joaquin-passes-over-ocean-with-temperatures-near-86adegf-30adegc-the-warmest-si.md) _Context: 2015 Atlantic hurricane season_
7. [2015 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Fred hits Cape Verde causing flooding and the closure of airports. ](/news/2015/08/31/2015-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-fred-hits-cape-verde-causing-flooding-and-the-closure-of-airports.md) _Context: 2015 Atlantic hurricane season_
8. [2015 Atlantic hurricane season: Dominican Prime Minister Roosevelt Skerrit declares disaster status for nine local areas where access by road is impossible after flooding and mudslides from Tropical Storm Erika which killed at least 20 people and left more than 50 missing. Skerrit also appealed for international aid. ](/news/2015/08/30/2015-atlantic-hurricane-season-dominican-prime-minister-roosevelt-skerrit-declares-disaster-status-for-nine-local-areas-where-access-by-roa.md) _Context: 2015 Atlantic hurricane season_
9. [2015 Atlantic hurricane season: Five deaths occurred in Haiti as Tropical Storm Erika dumped heavy rains there, on the Dominican Republic, and on Puerto Rico. The storm weakened to a Tropical Depression before it hit Cuba (max winds 56 kph (35 mph), heading to the southeastern Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2015/08/29/2015-atlantic-hurricane-season-five-deaths-occurred-in-haiti-as-tropical-storm-erika-dumped-heavy-rains-there-on-the-dominican-republic-a.md) _Context: 2015 Atlantic hurricane season_
10. [2015 Atlantic hurricane season: Dominican Prime Minister Roosevelt Skerrit reports that Tropical Storm Erika has left at least 12 dead and more than 20 missing. Erika deposited almost 12 inches of rain in less than 10 hours and caused extensive damage across the island as floods wiped out roads, swamped villages, and started mudslides. ](/news/2015/08/28/2015-atlantic-hurricane-season-dominican-prime-minister-roosevelt-skerrit-reports-that-tropical-storm-erika-has-left-at-least-12-dead-and-m.md) _Context: 2015 Atlantic hurricane season_
