### [2015-08-21](/news/2015/08/21/index.md)

# Destruction of cultural heritage by ISIL: The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant destroys the historic Mar Elian monastery near the town of Al-Qaryatayn in the Homs Governorate in Syria. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://hosted.ap.org/dynamic/stories/M/ML_ISLAMIC_STATE?SITE=AP&SECTION=HOME&TEMPLATE=DEFAULT)

### Related:

1. [Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant: Tadmur offensive (July-August 2015): Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims that ISIL has kidnapped at least 230 people, including at least 60 Christians, from Al-Qaryatayn in the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2015/08/7/islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-tadmur-offensive-july-august-2015-syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-claim.md) _Context: Homs Governorate, ISIL, al-Qaryatayn_
2. [Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant:: Islamic State militants claim to have captured the Jahar gas fields in the Syrian province of Homs, the second gas field they have captured in a week. ](/news/2014/11/3/islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-islamic-state-militants-claim-to-have-captured-the-jahar-gas-fields-in-the-syrian-province-of-homs-t.md) _Context: Homs Governorate, ISIL, Syria_
3. [Syrian Civil War: Central Syria campaign (July 2017-present): A Syrian Army commando unit backed by Russian warplanes and helicopters kills 25 ISIL militants in Central Syria, in the northeast of the Homs Governorate. ](/news/2017/08/13/syrian-civil-war-central-syria-campaign-july-2017-present-a-syrian-army-commando-unit-backed-by-russian-warplanes-and-helicopters-kill.md) _Context: Homs Governorate, ISIL_
4. [2017 Istanbul nightclub attack: The Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack in what it claims is a response to Turkey's actions in neighbouring Syria. ](/news/2017/01/2/2017-istanbul-nightclub-attack-the-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-for-the-attack-in-what-it-claims-is-a-respons.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria_
5. [Syrian Civil War: Syrian Government forces enter Raqqa province, the joint capital of Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant. It is one of three simultaneous attacks in Iraq and Syria. ](/news/2016/06/4/syrian-civil-war-syrian-government-forces-enter-raqqa-province-the-joint-capital-of-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-it-is-one-of-thr.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria_
6. [Spillover of the Syrian Civil War: Turkey claims that its artillery fire together with U.S. air strikes killed more than 104 ISIL militants after rockets fired from northern Syria killed several people in the Turkish town of Kilis. ](/news/2016/05/28/spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-turkey-claims-that-its-artillery-fire-together-with-u-s-air-strikes-killed-more-than-104-isil-militants.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria_
7. [Syrian Civil War: Battle of al-Qaryatayn (March-April 2016): The Syrian Army retakes control of al-Qaryatayn, Homs Governorate, after driving out ISIL militants. ](/news/2016/04/3/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-al-qaryatayn-march-april-2016-the-syrian-army-retakes-control-of-al-qaryatayn-homs-governorate-after-driv.md) _Context: Homs Governorate, al-Qaryatayn_
8. [Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant: ISIS claims responsibility for the deaths of two Syrian refugee activists who fled to Sanliurfa, Turkey, raising concerns about the group-s reach in countries outside of Syria and Iraq. Ibrahim Abdel Qader, a founder of Raqqa Is Being Slaughtered Silently, and Fares Hammadi are said to have been killed by an acquaintance posing as a defector from ISIS. ](/news/2015/11/3/islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-isis-claims-responsibility-for-the-deaths-of-two-syrian-refugee-activists-who-fled-to-sanliurfa-turke.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria_
9. [France-led coalition intervention against ISIL: France launches a series of airstrikes on Raqqa, the Islamic State's de facto capital in Syria, destroying a jihadi training camp and a munitions dump. ](/news/2015/11/15/france-led-coalition-intervention-against-isil-france-launches-a-series-of-airstrikes-on-raqqa-the-islamic-state-s-de-facto-capital-in-syr.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria_
10. [Spillover of the Syrian Civil War: Turkey-ISIL conflict: Turkish forces engage Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) militants along the Syrian border:: Turkish troops kill four Islamic State militants in Turkey's southeastern Gaziantep Province when two cars with ISIS passengers advanced on a Turkish armored vehicle near a border post in Oguzeli. ](/news/2015/11/14/spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-turkey-isil-conflict-turkish-forces-engage-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-isil-militants-along.md) _Context: ISIL, Syria_
