### [2015-08-21](/news/2015/08/21/index.md)

# Supreme Leader of North Korea Kim Jong-un orders the Korean People's Army to be on a war footing following the exchange of artillery fire with South Korea yesterday. 

North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has ordered his frontline troops to be on a war footing, state media says, as tensions rise with the South.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/08/north-korea-state-media-army-mobilised-150821003337584.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-34013475)
2. [Cover Image](http://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/A79E/production/_85101924_nkorealeaderphoto2.png)

### Related:

1. [South Korea's National Intelligence Service warns that North Korea is currently planning a "terrorist attack" on South Korea, saying Kim Jong-un himself gave the order to North Korea's State Security Department to make preparations for attacks. The NIS warning covered a large number of possible targets, including "subways, shopping malls, exhibition centers, power plants" as well as possible cyber attacks. ](/news/2016/02/18/south-korea-s-national-intelligence-service-warns-that-north-korea-is-currently-planning-a-terrorist-attack-on-south-korea-saying-kim-jon.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, South Korea_
2. [North Korea reportedly executes Ri Yong-gil, Chief of the General Staff of the Korean People's Army on charges of corruption, according to South Korean media. ](/news/2016/02/10/north-korea-reportedly-executes-ri-yong-gil-chief-of-the-general-staff-of-the-korean-people-s-army-on-charges-of-corruption-according-to-s.md) _Context: Korean People's Army, North Korea, South Korea_
3. [North Korea's state media says Kim Yang-gon, a top aide to supreme leader Kim Jong-un and secretary of the ruling Workers' Party of Korea (WPK), who was also in charge of ties with South Korea, dies in a car crash. ](/news/2015/12/29/north-korea-s-state-media-says-kim-yang-gon-a-top-aide-to-supreme-leader-kim-jong-un-and-secretary-of-the-ruling-workers-party-of-korea-w.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, South Korea_
4. [Kim Jong-un, the supreme leader of North Korea, announces that the country is now in possession of a hydrogen bomb, according to North Korean state media. Experts from South Korea however are skeptical about this claim. ](/news/2015/12/10/kim-jong-un-the-supreme-leader-of-north-korea-announces-that-the-country-is-now-in-possession-of-a-hydrogen-bomb-according-to-north-korea.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, South Korea_
5. [2013 Korean crisis: The annual session of North Korea's Parliament, the Supreme People's Assembly, takes place in Pyongyang, following repeated threats of violence by the leader Kim Jong-Un against South Korea and the United States. Choi Bu-Il is appointed Minister of Internal Security. ](/news/2013/04/1/2013-korean-crisis-the-annual-session-of-north-korea-s-parliament-the-supreme-people-s-assembly-takes-place-in-pyongyang-following-repea.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, South Korea_
6. [North Korean leader Kim Jong-Un orders preparations for strategic rocket strikes on the US mainland at an overnight meeting with top army commanders, in response to the use of nuclear-capable B-2 Stealth Bombers in joint US-South Korea military drills. China appeals for calm on all sides. ](/news/2013/03/29/north-korean-leader-kim-jong-un-orders-preparations-for-strategic-rocket-strikes-on-the-us-mainland-at-an-overnight-meeting-with-top-army-co.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, South Korea_
7. [Kim Jong-un is officially announced as the Supreme Leader of North Korea, a position that he occupied "de facto" since his father's death. He also gains the rank of Marshal in the Korean People's Army. ](/news/2012/07/18/kim-jong-un-is-officially-announced-as-the-supreme-leader-of-north-korea-a-position-that-he-occupied-de-facto-since-his-father-s-death-h.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, Korean People's Army, North Korea_
8. [North Korean media name Kim Jong-un &ndash; the son and successor of late leader Kim Jong-il &ndash; as the Supreme Commander of the Korean People's Army. ](/news/2011/12/24/north-korean-media-name-kim-jong-un-ndash-the-son-and-successor-of-late-leader-kim-jong-il-ndash-as-the-supreme-commander-of-the-korean.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, Korean People's Army, North Korea_
9. [South Korea reports China's formal invitation to probable North Korean heir Kim Jong-un to visit the country, though China has not confirmed this. ](/news/2011/03/5/south-korea-reports-china-s-formal-invitation-to-probable-north-korean-heir-kim-jong-un-to-visit-the-country-though-china-has-not-confirmed.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, South Korea_
10. [South Korean media report that two North Koreans have been executed in front of 500 spectators for handling propaganda leaflets floated across the border from South Korea, apparently as part of a campaign by North Korean leader Kim Jong-Il to tighten ideological control as he grooms his youngest son as eventual successor. ](/news/2011/01/24/south-korean-media-report-that-two-north-koreans-have-been-executed-in-front-of-500-spectators-for-handling-propaganda-leaflets-floated-acro.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, South Korea_
