### [2015-08-21](/news/2015/08/21/index.md)

# The season's first hurricane, Hurricane Danny, is upgraded to Category 3, as its winds strengthened to 115 mph. On its current track, the hurricane will move across the Leeward Islands by Monday but may weaken when it reaches Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. 

Danny&#39;s winds have strengthened to 115 mph, making it a Category 3 hurricane as it spins toward the Caribbean, the National Hurricane Center said Friday.


### Source:

1. [USA Today](http://www.usatoday.com/story/weather/2015/08/21/hurricane-danny-caribbean/32108541/)
2. [Weather Channel updated](http://www.weather.com/storms/hurricane/news/hurricane-danny-tropical-storm-danny-atlantic-2015)

### Related:

1. [Hurricane Irma is now a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph (215 kp/h). Hurricane warnings are issued for the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean, which are expected to be affected Tuesday. Rainfalls of up to 10 inches (25 centimeters) are possible. Irma is forecast to strengthen over the next 48 hours. The governors of Puerto Rico and Florida issue states of emergency. ](/news/2017/09/4/hurricane-irma-is-now-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-215-kp-h-hurricane-warnings-are-issued-for-the-leewa.md) _Context: Leeward Islands_
2. [Hurricane Irma, now a Category 2 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 110 miles per hour (175 kilometers per hour), is expected to resume strengthening this weekend increasing the danger when it nears the Leeward Islands in the Caribbean next Thursday. ](/news/2017/09/1/hurricane-irma-now-a-category-2-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-110-miles-per-hour-175-kilometers-per-hour-is-expected-to-resu.md) _Context: Leeward Islands_
3. [The United States National Transportation Safety Board announces it has completed its search of the sunken "El Faro", but did not find the voyage data recorder, i.e., the black box. ](/news/2015/11/16/the-united-states-national-transportation-safety-board-announces-it-has-completed-its-search-of-the-sunken-el-faro-but-did-not-find-the-v.md) _Context: 2015 Atlantic hurricane season_
4. [U.S. Coast Guard searchers, looking for the 790-foot El Faro cargo ship missing since Thursday, locate multiple objects, including life jackets, life rings, containers, and an oil sheen in the waters off The Bahamas. Connection to El Faro is not immediately confirmed. ](/news/2015/10/4/u-s-coast-guard-searchers-looking-for-the-790-foot-el-faro-cargo-ship-missing-since-thursday-locate-multiple-objects-including-life-jack.md) _Context: 2015 Atlantic hurricane season_
5. [As Hurricane Joaquin, still a Category 3 storm, heads northeast, a Tropical Storm Warning and a Hurricane Watch are in effect for Bermuda. Winds will begin to strengthen early Saturday with thunderstorms and more significant showers around midnight. Joaquin should turn toward the north-northeast Sunday and pass around 125 nmi west of Bermuda that evening. ](/news/2015/10/3/as-hurricane-joaquin-still-a-category-3-storm-heads-northeast-a-tropical-storm-warning-and-a-hurricane-watch-are-in-effect-for-bermuda-w.md) _Context: Category 3 storm_
6. [Hurricane Joaquin becomes a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of 130 mph. Some additional strengthening is possible tomorrow. The storm, moving at just 6 mph, is predicted to drop 10 to 15 inches of rain in the central Bahamas with up to five inches expected for the rest of the archipelago. ](/news/2015/10/1/hurricane-joaquin-becomes-a-category-4-hurricane-with-maximum-sustained-winds-of-130-mph-some-additional-strengthening-is-possible-tomorrow.md) _Context: 2015 Atlantic hurricane season_
7. [Tropical Storm Fred's predicted track will turn northeast toward the Azores islands off the coast of Portugal as a Tropical Depression. ](/news/2015/09/4/tropical-storm-fred-s-predicted-track-will-turn-northeast-toward-the-azores-islands-off-the-coast-of-portugal-as-a-tropical-depression.md) _Context: 2015 Atlantic hurricane season_
8. [Hurricane Joaquin passes over ocean with temperatures near 86degF (30degC) - the warmest since record keeping began in 1880. ](/news/2015/09/30/hurricane-joaquin-passes-over-ocean-with-temperatures-near-86adegf-30adegc-the-warmest-since-record-keeping-began-in-1880.md) _Context: 2015 Atlantic hurricane season_
9. [Hurricane Fred hits Cape Verde causing flooding and the closure of airports. ](/news/2015/08/31/hurricane-fred-hits-cape-verde-causing-flooding-and-the-closure-of-airports.md) _Context: 2015 Atlantic hurricane season_
10. [Dominican Prime Minister Roosevelt Skerrit declares disaster status for nine local areas where access by road is impossible after flooding and mudslides from Tropical Storm Erika which killed at least 20 people and left more than 50 missing. Skerrit also appealed for international aid. ](/news/2015/08/30/dominican-prime-minister-roosevelt-skerrit-declares-disaster-status-for-nine-local-areas-where-access-by-road-is-impossible-after-flooding-a.md) _Context: 2015 Atlantic hurricane season_
