### [2015-08-21](/news/2015/08/21/index.md)

# Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan calls for a snap election for November 1st after the previous election resulted in a hung parliament unable to form a coalition government. 

Snap elections are being called in Turkey after efforts to form a coalition government in the wake of a June vote fail.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-34018497)

### Related:

1. [The President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan calls for new elections after a deadline to form a new government following an inconclusive election in June. ](/news/2015/08/24/the-president-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-calls-for-new-elections-after-a-deadline-to-form-a-new-government-following-an-inconclusive-el.md) _Context: President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkish general election, November 2015, election in June_
2. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's ruling Justice and Development Party (AKP) wins Sunday's snap election with more than 49 percent of the vote. AKP, projected to get 316 seats in the 550-seat parliament, regains single-party rule just five months after losing it. ](/news/2015/11/1/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-s-ruling-justice-and-development-party-akp-wins-sunday-s-snap-election-with-more-than-49-percent-o.md) _Context: President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan, Turkish general election, November 2015_
3. [President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdogan affirms Turkey has paid a deposit on the purchase of Russian S-400 missile systems. ](/news/2017/09/12/president-of-turkey-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-affirms-turkey-has-paid-a-deposit-on-the-purchase-of-russian-s-400-missile-systems.md) _Context: President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
4. [Results of yesterday's snap election are counted, revealing a hung parliament as the Conservative Party fails to retain its parliamentary majority, despite remaining the party with the most seats. Prime Minister Theresa May announced that she will form a minority government with the support of the Northern Irish Democratic Unionist Party. ](/news/2017/06/9/results-of-yesterday-s-snap-election-are-counted-revealing-a-hung-parliament-as-the-conservative-party-fails-to-retain-its-parliamentary-ma.md) _Context: hung parliament, snap election_
5. [Voters in Turkey go to the polls for a referendum that seeks to replace the country's parliamentary system with an executive presidency, thereby giving President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sweeping new powers. Erdogan's AK Party has claimed victory while the opposition CHP has said that it will challenge the result. ](/news/2017/04/16/voters-in-turkey-go-to-the-polls-for-a-referendum-that-seeks-to-replace-the-country-s-parliamentary-system-with-an-executive-presidency-the.md) _Context: President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
6. [UK Prime Minister Theresa May and Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sign a GBP100 million defense deal to build new fighter jets. Under the deal, BAE Systems will collaborate with Turkish companies to build the TAI TFX. ](/news/2017/01/28/uk-prime-minister-theresa-may-and-turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-sign-a-agbp100-million-defense-deal-to-build-new-fighter-jets-und.md) _Context: President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
7. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan vows that the Turkish Armed Forces will stay on Cyprus "in perpetuity" and that the proposal of a rotating presidency for a unified island is unacceptable, casting doubts on an eventual solution to the dispute. The remarks come as the latest round of unity talks end, with them to restart on January 18. ](/news/2017/01/13/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-vows-that-the-turkish-armed-forces-will-stay-on-cyprus-in-perpetuity-and-that-the-proposal-of-a-ro.md) _Context: President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
8. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens to open Turkey's borders to allow refugees and migrants to reach Europe after the European Parliament votes to temporarily freeze talks of Turkey's accession to the EU. ](/news/2016/11/25/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-to-open-turkey-s-borders-to-allow-refugees-and-migrants-to-reach-europe-after-the-european.md) _Context: President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
9. [President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's order under the state of emergency declared Wednesday after the failed military coup calls for closure of thousands of private schools, charities, and other institutions suspected of having links to Fethullah Gulen. ](/news/2016/07/23/president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-s-order-under-the-state-of-emergency-declared-wednesday-after-the-failed-military-coup-calls-for-closure-of.md) _Context: President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
10. [The United States Secretary of State John Kerry warns Turkey it could lose its NATO membership if it fails to uphold the principles of democracy. Around 8,000 police officers have been sacked in the country following the attempted coup, with more than 6,000 people in the army, the judiciary and other state bodies detained as part of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan's crackdown. ](/news/2016/07/18/the-united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-warns-turkey-it-could-lose-its-nato-membership-if-it-fails-to-uphold-the-principles-of-democ.md) _Context: President of Turkey, Recep Tayyip Erdogan_
