### [2005-02-20](/news/2005/02/20/index.md)

#  Irish Minister for Justice, Equality and Law Reform Michael McDowell directly accuses Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams as well as Martin McGuinness (both elected MPs) and Martin Ferris TD of being on the IRA Army Council, the first such direct accusation from the Irish Government. Irish Prime Minister Bertie Ahern meanwhile has said he does not know the make-up of the Council. 

The Taoiseach, Bertie Ahern, has said he does not know who the members of the IRA army council are.


### Source:

1. [Ireland Online](http://212.2.162.45/news/story.asp?j=134311558&p=y343yzz64&n=134312318)
2. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2005/0220/northpolitics.html)

### Related:

1. [ "Prime Minister Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:". Longstanding tradition is abandoned in the House of Commons as every serving Member of Parliament, and others, clap and give a standing ovation to Tony Blair after he finishes his last Prime Minister's Questions.. Queen Elizabeth II accepts the resignation of Tony Blair as Prime Minister.. Gordon Brown, MP for Kirkcaldy and Cowdenbeath and former Chancellor of the Exchequer, accepts Queen Elizabeth II's invitation to form a new government, becoming the new Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.. Tony Blair takes the Chiltern Hundreds to stand down as MP for Sedgefield and accepts a role as the main Middle East envoy for the Quartet on the Middle East. His appointment is announced at the United Nations headquarters. Zalmay Khalilzad, United States Ambassador to the United Nations, welcomes the appointment of Blair as envoy.. Journalists learn that Patricia Hewitt and Margaret Beckett will not be reappointed Health Secretary and Foreign Secretary, respectively, when Brown assembles his government.. Brown begins contact by telephone with U.S. President George W. Bush, French President Nicolas Sarkozy, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel, Prime Minister of Italy Romano Prodi, and Irish Taoiseach Bertie Ahern, discussing working closely together. ](/news/2007/06/27/prime-minister-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-longstanding-tradition-is-abandoned-in-the-house-of-commons-as-every-serving-member-of-parl.md) _Context: Bertie Ahern, MP, Taoiseach_
2. [ Bertie Ahern of Fianna Fail is elected as Ireland's Taoiseach for a record third term upon the opening of the 30th Dail; the Taoiseach then announces his new cabinet with ministries. ](/news/2007/06/14/bertie-ahern-of-fianna-fa-il-is-elected-as-ireland-s-taoiseach-for-a-record-third-term-upon-the-opening-of-the-30th-da-il-the-taoiseach-th.md) _Context: Bertie Ahern, Irish government, Taoiseach_
3. [Renewable Heat Incentive scandal. Martin McGuinness of Sinn Fein resigns as the NI deputy first minister in protest of handling by the Democratic Unionist Party of a failed energy scheme that cost Northern Irish taxpayers GBP490 million. His decision will likely lead to a snap election. ](/news/2017/01/9/renewable-heat-incentive-scandal-martin-mcguinness-of-sinn-fa-c-in-resigns-as-the-ni-deputy-first-minister-in-protest-of-handling-by-the-demo.md) _Context: Martin McGuinness, Sinn Fein_
4. [Sinn Fein politician Martin McGuinness retires from politics for health reasons. ](/news/2017/01/19/sinn-fa-c-in-politician-martin-mcguinness-retires-from-politics-for-health-reasons.md) _Context: Martin McGuinness, Sinn Fein_
5. [Irish general election, 2016. Prime Minister Enda Kenny, who rejected suggestions he should resign, says he will "fully and inclusively" engage with other parties, groups and Independents, including Fianna Fail, as he forms the country's government. Sinn Fein says it is not interested in forming a coalition government with Kenny's Fine Gael party. ](/news/2016/03/1/irish-general-election-2016-prime-minister-enda-kenny-who-rejected-suggestions-he-should-resign-says-he-will-fully-and-inclusively-eng.md) _Context: Sinn Fein, Taoiseach_
6. [Murder of Jean McConville and Arrest of Gerry Adams:. Sinn Fein claims that party president Gerry Adams is a victim of "political policing" are dismissed by the Taoiseach (Prime Minister of Ireland) Enda Kenny, British prime minister David Cameron and Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson. ](/news/2014/05/2/murder-of-jean-mcconville-and-arrest-of-gerry-adams-sinn-fa-c-in-claims-that-party-president-gerry-adams-is-a-victim-of-political-policing.md) _Context: Gerry Adams, Sinn Fein_
7. [Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams remains in custody in connection with the IRA murder of Jean McConville. ](/news/2014/05/1/sinn-fa-c-in-leader-gerry-adams-remains-in-custody-in-connection-with-the-ira-murder-of-jean-mcconville.md) _Context: Gerry Adams, Sinn Fein_
8. [Sinn Fein-s Martin McGuinness, the Deputy First Minister of Northern Ireland accepts an invitation to attend several events during the forthcoming State visit of Irish President Michael D. Higgins to the United Kingdom, including a banquet to be held by Elizabeth II at Windsor Castle. ](/news/2014/04/5/sinn-fa-c-in-s-martin-mcguinness-the-deputy-first-minister-of-northern-ireland-accepts-an-invitation-to-attend-several-events-during-the-fo.md) _Context: Martin McGuinness, Sinn Fein_
9. [Sinn Fein's Francie Molloy wins the Mid Ulster by-election, holding onto the seat vacated by Martin McGuinness at the end of 2012. ](/news/2013/03/8/sinn-fa-c-in-s-francie-molloy-wins-the-mid-ulster-by-election-holding-onto-the-seat-vacated-by-martin-mcguinness-at-the-end-of-2012.md) _Context: Martin McGuinness, Sinn Fein_
10. [Irish politicians respond to High Court Judge Paul Carney's order that a man who plead guilty in court to repeatedly raping his daughter as a child be granted bail and provisional released. Taoiseach Enda Kenny comments on a nation "filled with revulsion" at the outcome of the case, while opposition politician Gerry Adams refers to abuse his father inflicted on others. ](/news/2013/01/22/irish-politicians-respond-to-high-court-judge-paul-carney-s-order-that-a-man-who-plead-guilty-in-court-to-repeatedly-raping-his-daughter-as.md) _Context: Gerry Adams, Taoiseach_
