### [2005-02-20](/news/2005/02/20/index.md)

#  U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Ruud Lubbers resigns over allegations of sexual harassment, while continuing to deny them. 




### Source:

1. [VOA](http://www.voanews.com/english/2005-02-20-voa27.cfm)

### Related:

1. [Former Prime Minister of the Netherlands and United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees Ruud Lubbers is injured in a car accident and rushed to a hospital with minor injuries. ](/news/2013/03/8/former-prime-minister-of-the-netherlands-and-united-nations-high-commissioner-for-refugees-ruud-lubbers-is-injured-in-a-car-accident-and-rus.md) _Context: Ruud Lubbers, United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees_
2. [According to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, the total number of refugees from Syria reaches over five million. ](/news/2017/03/30/according-to-the-united-nations-high-commissioner-for-refugees-the-total-number-of-refugees-from-syria-reaches-over-five-million.md) _Context: United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees_
3. [Three UNHCR workers - one from Sudan and two from Nepal - are kidnapped by unidentified gunmen in Geneina, the capital of the West Darfur state. ](/news/2016/11/28/three-unhcr-workers-one-from-sudan-and-two-from-nepal-are-kidnapped-by-unidentified-gunmen-in-geneina-the-capital-of-the-west-darfur-st.md) _Context: United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees_
4. [21st Century Fox, the parent company of Fox News, settles a sexual harassment case by Gretchen Carlson for US$20 million. ](/news/2016/09/6/21st-century-fox-the-parent-company-of-fox-news-settles-a-sexual-harassment-case-by-gretchen-carlson-for-us-20-million.md) _Context: sexual harassment_
5. [The United Nations reports that ISIL appears to have captured up to 3,000 fleeing Iraqi villagers from Hawija District headed to Kirkuk city. Militants  reportedly executed 12 people. Earlier, the Iraqi Observatory for Human Rights said ISIL is  using people for human shields against attacks by Iraqi security forces. ](/news/2016/08/5/the-united-nations-reports-that-isil-appears-to-have-captured-up-to-3-000-fleeing-iraqi-villagers-from-hawija-district-headed-to-kirkuk-city.md) _Context: United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees_
6. [Roger Ailes is reported to be leaving Fox News after charges of sexual harassment are filed against him by former ''Fox and Friends'' host Gretchen Carlson. ](/news/2016/07/19/roger-ailes-is-reported-to-be-leaving-fox-news-after-charges-of-sexual-harassment-are-filed-against-him-by-former-fox-and-friends-host-g.md) _Context: sexual harassment_
7. [According to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, the number of people displaced by conflicts in the world is at its highest level ever recorded, with an estimated 65.3 million people either being refugees, internally displaced or asylum seekers. ](/news/2016/06/20/according-to-the-united-nations-high-commissioner-for-refugees-the-number-of-people-displaced-by-conflicts-in-the-world-is-at-its-highest-l.md) _Context: United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees_
8. [Australian Immigration Minister Peter Dutton says Australia and Papua New Guinea will hold emergency talks next week about asylum seekers Australia has been holding on PNG's Los Negros Island in Manus Province. Tuesday, the Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea ruled this detention is illegal, and ordered the PNG and Australian governments to immediately take steps to end it. An Iranian refugee detainee remains in critical condition after setting himself on fire yesterday to protest  Australia's treatment of refugees while  the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees was visiting the island. ](/news/2016/04/28/australian-immigration-minister-peter-dutton-says-australia-and-papua-new-guinea-will-hold-emergency-talks-next-week-about-asylum-seekers-au.md) _Context: United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees_
9. [An Iranian asylum seeker self-immolates himself in Nauru to protest Australia's treatment of refugees. The protest coincides with a visit by representatives from the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees to the island. Instead of admitting refugees into the country, Australia has been sending them to Nauru or Papua New Guinea. ](/news/2016/04/27/an-iranian-asylum-seeker-self-immolates-himself-in-nauru-to-protest-australia-s-treatment-of-refugees-the-protest-coincides-with-a-visit-by.md) _Context: United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees_
10. [Former chair of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change Rajendra K. Pachauri is to face a court in Delhi, India on charges of sexual harassment. Pachauri is accused of stalking, intimidation and sexual assault of a former employee. ](/news/2016/04/22/former-chair-of-the-intergovernmental-panel-on-climate-change-rajendra-k-pachauri-is-to-face-a-court-in-delhi-india-on-charges-of-sexual-h.md) _Context: sexual harassment_
