### [2008-08-1](/news/2008/08/1/index.md)

#  2008 Summer Olympics: The International Olympic Committee and the Beijing Organizing Committee reach an agreement on Internet access for the 2008 Olympic Games. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters via ''The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/reuters/technology/tech-olympics-censorship.html)
2. [AFP via Google News](http://afp.google.com/article/ALeqM5gI4coLNu9o-2CJUDgz4NeqaxIf5A)
3. [The Times](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/sport/olympics/article4441127.ece)

### Related:

1. [ The International Olympic Committee lifts its ban on Iraqi athletes participating in the Beijing Olympics following assurances from the Government of Iraq about the independence of the Iraqi Olympic Committee. ](/news/2008/07/29/the-international-olympic-committee-lifts-its-ban-on-iraqi-athletes-participating-in-the-beijing-olympics-following-assurances-from-the-gov.md) _Context: Beijing Olympiad, International Olympic Committee_
2. [ The International Olympic Committee session in Moscow, Russia. Beijing wins the bid as the host city for the 2008 Summer Olympics.](/news/2001/07/13/the-international-olympic-committee-session-in-moscow-russia-beijing-wins-the-bid-as-the-host-city-for-the-2008-summer-olympics.md) _Context: Beijing Olympiad, International Olympic Committee_
3. [The International Olympic Committee rules that 271 of the 389 athletes nominated by the Russian Olympic Committee will be eligible to participate in the 2016 summer Olympics. ](/news/2016/08/4/the-international-olympic-committee-rules-that-271-of-the-389-athletes-nominated-by-the-russian-olympic-committee-will-be-eligible-to-partic.md) _Context: International Olympic Committee_
4. [The International Olympic Committee states it considers all Russian athletes tainted by the country's state-run doping scheme but individual athletes can compete in 2016 Games if they are able to convince individual sports federations of their innocence. A daunting task for these organizations to handle hundreds of appeals just 12 days before the start of the Rio Games on 5 August. ](/news/2016/07/24/the-international-olympic-committee-states-it-considers-all-russian-athletes-tainted-by-the-countryas-state-run-doping-scheme-but-individu.md) _Context: International Olympic Committee_
5. [The government of Kuwait sues the International Olympic Committee (IOC) for US$1.3 billion in damages over the suspension of its Olympic committee last October due to the government's interference in sports. ](/news/2016/06/23/the-government-of-kuwait-sues-the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-for-us-1-3-billion-in-damages-over-the-suspension-of-its-olympic-com.md) _Context: International Olympic Committee_
6. [The International Olympic Committee (IOC) upholds its ban on Russian track and field athletes participating in the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro due to various doping scandals. IOC officials plan to gather next Tuesday to discuss the matter further. ](/news/2016/06/17/the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-upholds-its-ban-on-russian-track-and-field-athletes-participating-in-the-2016-summer-olympics-in-r.md) _Context: International Olympic Committee_
7. [The International Olympic Committee (IOC) executive board backs host Tokyo's  proposal to include baseball-softball, surfing, karate, sport climbing, and skateboarding in the 2020 Summer Olympics. The full IOC will vote on this in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, in August. ](/news/2016/06/1/the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-executive-board-backs-host-tokyo-s-proposal-to-include-baseball-softball-surfing-karate-sport.md) _Context: International Olympic Committee_
8. [Lamine Diack, who is provisionally suspended as an honorary member of the International Olympic Committee (IOC) in connection with  suspected involvement in the  Russian doping scandal cited in yesterday's World Anti-Doping Agency report, resigns as president of the Monaco-based International Athletics Foundation (IAF), according to the  International Association of Athletics Federations (IAFF). Diack  stepped down as president of the IAAF in August.   The 82-year-old native of Senegal is under investigation in France on suspicion of corruption and money-laundering. ](/news/2015/11/10/lamine-diack-who-is-provisionally-suspended-as-an-honorary-member-of-the-international-olympic-committee-ioc-in-connection-with-suspecte.md) _Context: International Olympic Committee_
9. [2014 Winter Olympics:The International Olympic Committee lifts the suspension of the Indian Olympic Association effective immediately. Indian athletes are now able to compete at the 2014 Winter Olympics under their nation's flag. ](/news/2014/02/11/2014-winter-olympics-pthe-international-olympic-committee-lifts-the-suspension-of-the-indian-olympic-association-effective-immediately-indi.md) _Context: International Olympic Committee_
10. [The International Olympic Committee votes to reinstate wrestling as an Olympic sport at the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo. ](/news/2013/09/8/the-international-olympic-committee-votes-to-reinstate-wrestling-as-an-olympic-sport-at-the-2020-summer-olympics-in-tokyo.md) _Context: International Olympic Committee_
