### [2008-08-1](/news/2008/08/1/index.md)

#  A total solar eclipse is visible from northern Canada (Nunavut), Greenland, central Russia, eastern Kazakhstan, western Mongolia and China. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://afp.google.com/article/ALeqM5j4f6CQ9oO6WrC1-OoYGUWtCy2L5g)

### Related:

1. [A Soyuz capsule carrying astronauts Chris Hadfield of Canada, Thomas Marshburn of the United States and Roman Romanenko of Russia of Expedition 35 back from the International Space Station lands safely in Kazakhstan. ](/news/2013/05/14/a-soyuz-capsule-carrying-astronauts-chris-hadfield-of-canada-thomas-marshburn-of-the-united-states-and-roman-romanenko-of-russia-of-expedit.md) _Context: Canada, Kazakhstan, Russia_
2. [Syrian Civil War: Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/syrian-civil-war-russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-u.md) _Context: China, Russia_
3. [Syrian peace process: The second day of peace negotiations in Astana, Kazakhstan, end with the sponsors of the talks, Russia, Turkey and Iran, agreeing to set up commission between the three to monitor and enforce the fragile ceasefire to the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/24/syrian-peace-process-the-second-day-of-peace-negotiations-in-astana-kazakhstan-end-with-the-sponsors-of-the-talks-russia-turkey-and-ira.md) _Context: Kazakhstan, Russia_
4. [ China-Mongolia relations: Mongolia bans the 14th Dalai Lama from leisure in the country after China cancels a Mongolian loan. ](/news/2016/12/21/china-mongolia-relations-mongolia-bans-the-14th-dalai-lama-from-leisure-in-the-country-after-china-cancels-a-mongolian-loan.md) _Context: China, Mongolia_
5. [Syrian civil war: Syrian peace process: Russia vetoes a French-drafted United Nations Security Council resolution that calls for a ceasefire in Aleppo. China, which had backed Russia's four previous Syria-related vetoes, abstains. ](/news/2016/10/8/syrian-civil-war-syrian-peace-process-russia-vetoes-a-french-drafted-united-nations-security-council-resolution-that-calls-for-a-ceasefire.md) _Context: China, Russia_
6. [Philippines-United States relations: Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippines-united-states-relations-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-unit.md) _Context: China, Russia_
7. [China-Russia relations: Russia postpones a transfer of missile engines to China. There is concern the technology could be passed on to a third country, such as North Korea. China is not a member of the Missile Technology Control Regime, a voluntary, informal partnership between 34 countries to prevent proliferation of missile delivery systems that could carry weapons of mass destruction. ](/news/2016/04/8/china-russia-relations-russia-postpones-a-transfer-of-missile-engines-to-china-there-is-concern-the-technology-could-be-passed-on-to-a-thi.md) _Context: China, Russia_
8. [Both Starwood Hotels and Resorts Worldwide and Marriott International shareholders approve Marriott's acquisition of Starwood, which will create the world's largest hotelier. The deal has cleared the pre-merger antitrust reviews in the United States and Canada; approvals from the European Union and China is pending. Last week, Anbang Insurance Group topped Marriott's bid, then withdrew their offer three days later. ](/news/2016/04/8/both-starwood-hotels-and-resorts-worldwide-and-marriott-international-shareholders-approve-marriott-s-acquisition-of-starwood-which-will-cr.md) _Context: Canada, China_
9. [2016 North Korean nuclear test: The United Nations Security Council vote on the United States-China draft resolution on North Korea is rescheduled to 10:00 a.m. EST Wednesday. Russia requests more time to review the text. ](/news/2016/03/1/2016-north-korean-nuclear-test-the-united-nations-security-council-vote-on-the-united-states-china-draft-resolution-on-north-korea-is-resch.md) _Context: China, Russia_
10. [Russia and other ex-Soviet states meeting in Kazakhstan agree to set up a joint task force to tackle instability on their borders, most notably from Afghanistan. ](/news/2015/10/16/russia-and-other-ex-soviet-states-meeting-in-kazakhstan-agree-to-set-up-a-joint-task-force-to-tackle-instability-on-their-borders-most-nota.md) _Context: Kazakhstan, Russia_
