### [2014-09-6](/news/2014/09/6/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War:: The Syrian Air Force targets a bakery and a training camp controlled by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria in Ar-Raqqah, killing 25 people. 

Syrian warplanes bombed a bakery run by Islamic State in the city of Raqqa, killing 25 people, in air raids on Saturday that also hit a major training camp used by the insurgent group for a second day running, a group monitoring the war said.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2014/09/06/us-syria-crisis-idUSKBN0H10AV20140906)

### Related:

1. [ Syrian Civil War: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War: Turkey-ISIL conflict: Turkish shelling kills 55 Islamic State of Iraq and Syria insurgents in northern Syria in retaliation for rocket attacks on Kilis, a Turkish border town. [http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-turkey-idUSKCN0XZ05R (Reuters)] [http://www.dailyprogress.com/news/world/wire/report-turkey-attacks-is-in-syria-militants-killed/article_4b13cd44-6a6b-5be8-91ba-5d4b5cf3af2b.html (Daily Progress)]: Three Spanish journalists were released after being abducted around Aleppo, Syria, and held hostage by the Al-Nusra Front since 13 July 2015. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/05/07/three-spanish-journalists-released-in-syria-by-al-qaeda-group-af/ (The Telegraph (UK))]](/news/2016/05/8/syrian-civil-war-spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-turkey-isil-conflict-turkish-shelling-kills-55-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-insu.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, Syrian Civil War_
2. [ Syrian Civil War: Turkish president Recep Tayyip Erdogan threatens unilateral action against Islamic State of Iraq and Syria inside Syria. ](/news/2016/05/12/syrian-civil-war-turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-threatens-unilateral-action-against-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-inside-syria.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War: Several Syrian rebel groups sign an agreement to unite in the fight against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria and President Bashar al-Assad's forces. ](/news/2014/09/25/syrian-civil-war-several-syrian-rebel-groups-sign-an-agreement-to-unite-in-the-fight-against-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-syria-and-presid.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [2014 American intervention in Iraq and Syrian civil war:: American journalist James Wright Foley, kidnapped in 2012, has reportedly been beheaded by Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. ](/news/2014/08/19/2014-american-intervention-in-iraq-and-syrian-civil-war-american-journalist-james-wright-foley-kidnapped-in-2012-has-reportedly-been-beh.md) _Context: Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War:: Syrian Air Force air strikes in Aleppo, Syria, killing dozens of people; 14 others are killed by barrel bombing in the neighborhood of Baeedeen. ](/news/2014/04/21/syrian-civil-war-syrian-air-force-air-strikes-in-aleppo-syria-killing-dozens-of-people-14-others-are-killed-by-barrel-bombing-in-the-ne.md) _Context: Syrian Air Force, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War: The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says barrels packed with explosives dropped from Syrian Air Force aircraft have killed 517 people in the northern province of Aleppo since 15 December. ](/news/2013/12/29/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-barrels-packed-with-explosives-dropped-from-syrian-air-force-aircraft-have-ki.md) _Context: Syrian Air Force, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian civil war:: Activists fighting Syrian government forces say that at least 16 people, most of them students, were killed in an air strike from Syrian government warplanes that hit a secondary school in the rebel-held Syrian city of Raqqa. ](/news/2013/09/29/syrian-civil-war-activists-fighting-syrian-government-forces-say-that-at-least-16-people-most-of-them-students-were-killed-in-an-air-str.md) _Context: Ar-Raqqah, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian civil war:: An air strike on Aleppo by the Syrian Air Force kills 15 people, including nine children. ](/news/2013/04/7/syrian-civil-war-an-air-strike-on-aleppo-by-the-syrian-air-force-kills-15-people-including-nine-children.md) _Context: Syrian Air Force, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian civil war:: Battle of Ar-Raqqah: Syrian rebels capture Ar-Raqqah, the first major city to be under rebel control in the Syrian civil war. ](/news/2013/03/6/syrian-civil-war-battle-of-ar-raqqah-syrian-rebels-capture-ar-raqqah-the-first-major-city-to-be-under-rebel-control-in-the-syrian-civil.md) _Context: Ar-Raqqah, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian civil war:: Fighter jets from the Syrian Air Force fire rockets into northern Lebanon with no casualties reported. ](/news/2013/03/18/syrian-civil-war-fighter-jets-from-the-syrian-air-force-fire-rockets-into-northern-lebanon-with-no-casualties-reported.md) _Context: Syrian Air Force, Syrian Civil War_
