### [2017-10-6](/news/2017/10/6/index.md)

# U.S. film producer Harvey Weinstein (including "Pulp Fiction", "Clerks", "The Crying Game", and "Sex, Lies, and Videotape") answers allegations made by "the New York Times" that he had settled eight sexual harassment claims made over three decades. Multiple Democratic recipients of Weinstein's political donations give the funds to women's charities. 

Roy and Jill Serjeant


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-people-harvey-weinstein-politics/weinstein-on-indefinite-leave-as-company-investigates-allegations-idUSKBN1CB2UQ)
1. [Cover Image](https://s3.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20171006&t=2&i=1204493289&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=LYNXMPED951YL)

### Related:

1. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pelosi.md) _Context: Democratic, U.S._
2. [Voters in the U.S. state of Wisconsin go to the polls for a primary election with Ted Cruz winning the Republican Party contest and Bernie Sanders winning the Democratic Party primary. ](/news/2016/04/5/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-wisconsin-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-ted-cruz-winning-the-republican-party-contest-and-bernie-s.md) _Context: Democratic, U.S._
3. [America's largest seven-day newspaper, "The New York Times", breaking with the tradition that front pages belong to the news department, publishes Saturday morning's edition with the first front page editorial since 1920. The editorial calls for tighter gun control laws after the shootings in Colorado Springs, Colorado, and San Bernardino, California, over the past eight days. [http:--www.nytimes.com-2015-12-05-us-gun-debate-yields-page-1-editorial.html?_r=0 "(The New York Times)"], [https:--www.washingtonpost.com-news-wonk-wp-2015-12-05-the-new-york-times-has-rare-front-page-editorial-calling-u-s-gun-laws-a-national-disgrace- ("The Washington Post")], [http:--www.theguardian.com-media-2015-dec-05-gun-control-new-york-times-ront-page-editorial-first-time-since-1920-san-bernardino "(The Guardian)"]](/news/2015/12/5/america-s-largest-seven-day-newspaper-the-new-york-times-breaking-with-the-tradition-that-front-pages-belong-to-the-news-department-pub.md) _Context: U.S., the New York Times_
4. [The Obama Administration, through its appointment of a majority of board members on the Democratic-controlled U.S. National Labor Relations Board's 3&ndash;2 ruling in the Browning-Ferris case uses an expanded definition of joint employer when determining if a parent company shares responsibility for workers hired by a subcontractor or franchisee. The Republican-controlled US Congress responded to arguments from businesses such as the International Franchise Association by adding another NLRB-related rider to the budget to block implementation of this latest ruling. Browning-Ferris can appeal the decision to a federal appeals court. The ruling could affect current unionization and pay efforts at McDonald's franchises. ](/news/2015/08/27/the-obama-administration-through-its-appointment-of-a-majority-of-board-members-on-the-democratic-controlled-u-s-national-labor-relations.md) _Context: Democratic, U.S._
5. [The United States Democratic Leadership Council consisting of centrist Democrats announces that it will wind up. ](/news/2011/02/9/the-united-states-democratic-leadership-council-consisting-of-centrist-democrats-announces-that-it-will-wind-up.md) _Context: Democratic, U.S._

### Changes:

1. [American film producer Harvey Weinstein (including "Pulp Fiction", "Clerks", "The Crying Game", and "Sex, Lies, and Videotape") answers allegations made by "the New York Times" that he had settled eight sexual harassment claims made over three decades. Multiple Democratic donation receivers give their previous political funds to women's charities. ](/news/2017/10/6/american-film-producer-harvey-weinstein-including-pulp-fiction-clerks-the-crying-game-and-sex-lies-and-videotape-answers-alle.md) _2017-10-07 10:30:07 (First version)_
1. [U.S. film producer Harvey Weinstein (including "Pulp Fiction", "Clerks", "The Crying Game", and "Sex, Lies, and Videotape") answers allegations made by "the New York Times" that he had settled eight sexual harassment claims made over three decades. Multiple Democratic recipients of Weinstein's political donations give the funds to women's charities. ](/news/2017/10/6/u-s-film-producer-harvey-weinstein-including-pulp-fiction-clerks-the-crying-game-and-sex-lies-and-videotape-answers-allegati.md) _(Current version)_
