### [2014-07-24](/news/2014/07/24/index.md)

# Arseniy Yatsenyuk resigns as Ukraine's Prime minister after the ruling coalition in parliament collapsed, accusing lawmakers of imperiling the nation by putting politics above urgent needs during wartime. 

Ukraine says two warplanes downed Wednesday were out of reach of shoulder-fired missiles.


### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/intense-battles-continue-in-eastern-ukraineaustralia-to-send-police-to-guard-crash-site/2014/07/24/2c6bc1c0-1315-11e4-8936-26932bcfd6ed_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Malaysia Airlines Flight 17; 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: Dutch-led investigators say Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 was downed over eastern Ukraine in 2014 by a Buk missile that had come from Russia. ](/news/2016/09/28/malaysia-airlines-flight-17-2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-dutch-led-investigators-say-malaysia-airlines-flight-mh17-was-downed-over-e.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine_
2. [The Prime Minister of Ukraine Arseniy Yatsenyuk resigns from office in a televised address. Yatsenyuk said his resignation is to be immediately followed by the formation of a new government. Volodymyr Groysman has taken role as Acting Prime Minister. ](/news/2016/04/10/the-prime-minister-of-ukraine-arseniy-yatsenyuk-resigns-from-office-in-a-televised-address-yatsenyuk-said-his-resignation-is-to-be-immediat.md) _Context: Arseniy Yatsenyuk_
3. [Russia-Ukraine relations: Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk says his country is imposing a moratorium on repayment of a $3 billion debt to Russia following Moscow's refusal to accept repayment terms already offered to other international creditors. This means Ukraine is likely to default on the debt, which is due Sunday. ](/news/2015/12/18/russia-ukraine-relations-ukrainian-prime-minister-arseniy-yatsenyuk-says-his-country-is-imposing-a-moratorium-on-repayment-of-a-3-billio.md) _Context: Arseniy Yatsenyuk_
4. [Foreign ministers from members of NATO attend a summit in Belgium to discuss the 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine and the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant insurgency. ](/news/2014/12/3/foreign-ministers-from-members-of-nato-attend-a-summit-in-belgium-to-discuss-the-2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-and-the-islamic-state-in.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine_
5. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: Kazakhstan renews its military cooperation with Ukraine, to which it promises vital supplies of coal, following a visit to Kiev by the Kazakh leader, Nursultan Nazarbayev. ](/news/2014/12/22/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-kazakhstan-renews-its-military-cooperation-with-ukraine-to-which-it-promises-vital-supplies-of-coal-fo.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine_
6. [The Parliament of Ukraine meets for the first time since recent elections with Arseniy Yatsenyuk expected to be confirmed as Prime Minister. ](/news/2014/11/27/the-parliament-of-ukraine-meets-for-the-first-time-since-recent-elections-with-arseniy-yatsenyuk-expected-to-be-confirmed-as-prime-minister.md) _Context: Arseniy Yatsenyuk_
7. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: At least three people die in a new round of fighting between the Armed Forces of Ukraine and pro-Russian separatists. ](/news/2014/11/26/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-at-least-three-people-die-in-a-new-round-of-fighting-between-the-armed-forces-of-ukraine-and-pro-russian.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine_
8. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:: Voters in break away "people's republics" (Donetsk People's Republic and Lugansk People's Republic respectively) in Donetsk and Luhansk go to the polls for parliamentary and presidential elections. Rebel leaders Alexander Zakharchenko (Donetsk) and Igor Plotnisky (Luhansk) appear set for victory in early counting in elections which will be recognised in Russia but not elsewhere. International observers noted a very high turnout. ](/news/2014/11/2/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-voters-in-break-away-people-s-republics-donetsk-people-s-republic-and-lugansk-people-s-republic-resp.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine_
9. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine: Vladimir Putin, the President of Russia, and Petro Poroshenko, the President of Ukraine, will meet at the sidelines of the Asia-Europe Meeting in Milan, Italy to discuss the conflict and supplies of natural gas. ](/news/2014/10/17/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-vladimir-putin-the-president-of-russia-and-petro-poroshenko-the-president-of-ukraine-will-meet-at-th.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine_
10. [2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine:: The RIA Novosti news agency reports that Russian photojournalist Andrey Stenin has been found dead in Ukraine. It was discovered that he died 4 weeks ago. ](/news/2014/09/3/2014-pro-russian-unrest-in-ukraine-the-ria-novosti-news-agency-reports-that-russian-photojournalist-andrey-stenin-has-been-found-dead-in-u.md) _Context: 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine_
