### [2014-07-24](/news/2014/07/24/index.md)

# Eighteen people including 16 schoolchildren die after a train collides with a bus in the Medak district of the Indian state of Telangana. 

Mangled remains of a school bus with blood stains on it, strewn bags, tiffin boxes, notebooks and text books was all it remained on the accident site of the bus-train collision in which 18 persons, including 16 school children, were killed in


### Source:

1. [PTI via Business Standard](http://www.business-standard.com/article/pti-stories/heart-rending-scenes-wailing-parents-at-bus-crash-site-114072401221_1.html)

### Related:

1. [A truck collides with a motorised rickshaw in the Adilabad district of India's Telangana state resulting in 16 deaths. ](/news/2016/05/15/a-truck-collides-with-a-motorised-rickshaw-in-the-adilabad-district-of-india-s-telangana-state-resulting-in-16-deaths.md) _Context: India, Telangana_
2. [The death toll from an Indian heat wave rises to 432 in the states of Andhra Pradesh and Telangana with extreme conditions forecast to continue. ](/news/2015/05/25/the-death-toll-from-an-indian-heat-wave-rises-to-432-in-the-states-of-andhra-pradesh-and-telangana-with-extreme-conditions-forecast-to-conti.md) _Context: India, Telangana_
3. [Lawmakers riot in the lower house of India's parliament in protest of a plan creating the state of Telangana. ](/news/2014/02/13/lawmakers-riot-in-the-lower-house-of-india-s-parliament-in-protest-of-a-plan-creating-the-state-of-telangana.md) _Context: India, Telangana_
4. [India's ruling coalition endorses the creation of a new state of Telangana to be carved out of Andhra Pradesh in southern India. ](/news/2013/07/31/india-s-ruling-coalition-endorses-the-creation-of-a-new-state-of-telangana-to-be-carved-out-of-andhra-pradesh-in-southern-india.md) _Context: India, Telangana_
5. [ India announces it is to create a new state, Telangana, out of Andhra Pradesh, with some officials resigning in protest. ](/news/2009/12/10/india-announces-it-is-to-create-a-new-state-telangana-out-of-andhra-pradesh-with-some-officials-resigning-in-protest.md) _Context: India, Telangana_
6. [Despite an ongoing stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction which is claimed by both China and Bhutan, China claims that there has been a "basic consensus" with Bhutan over the past 24 months that Doklam belongs to China and that there is no dispute between the two countries. ''[http://economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/defence/no-dispute-with-bhutan-in-doklam-china/articleshow/59456533.cms (The Economic Times)]''](/news/2017/07/6/despite-an-ongoing-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-which-is-claimed-by-both-china-and-bhutan-china-claims-th.md) _Context: India_
7. [Amid a stand-off between China and India over the Doklam tri-junction, China tells India that former Indian prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru accepted the Convention of Calcutta which China is using to support its territorial claims. Tensions have been rising between China and India and Bhutan over Doklam since China began constructing a road in the disputed territory in mid-June. ](/news/2017/07/4/amid-a-stand-off-between-china-and-india-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-china-tells-india-that-former-indian-prime-minister-jawaharlal-nehru.md) _Context: India_
8. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over the Doklam tri-junction, a spokesman on behalf of Bhutan via ''India Today'' urges India and China to "de-escalate the situation at the border and bring back normalcy". India and China have been locked in a military stand-off at the Doklam tri-junction since late June. ''[http://indiatoday.intoday.in/story/china-bhutan-india-doka-la-tensions-thimphu/1/992752.html (India Today)]''](/news/2017/07/3/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-the-doklam-tri-junction-a-spokesman-on-behalf-of-bhutan-via-india-today-u.md) _Context: India_
9. [Amid growing tensions between China and India and Bhutan over disputed land, the Bharatiya Janata Party supports the words of defence minster Arun Jaitley that "India of 2017 is different from India of 1962". It follows a warning from China to India that referenced the defeat of the latter during the 1962 Sino-Indian War. ](/news/2017/07/2/amid-growing-tensions-between-china-and-india-and-bhutan-over-disputed-land-the-bharatiya-janata-party-supports-the-words-of-defence-minste.md) _Context: India_
10. [Visas given to potential entrepreneurs who are foreigners will be significantly reduced prompting fears and criticism from Silicon Valley. Many of those given visas are from India.  ](/news/2017/07/11/visas-given-to-potential-entrepreneurs-who-are-foreigners-will-be-significantly-reduced-prompting-fears-and-criticism-from-silicon-valley-m.md) _Context: India_
