### [2014-07-24](/news/2014/07/24/index.md)

# Israel-Gaza conflict. At least 15 Palestinians are killed and 200 injured in a strike on a UNRWA-run school in Beit Hanoun, northern Gaza, crowded with hundreds of displaced civilians. UN condemns the shelling, saying it asked IDF for time to evacuate civilians. 

Shelling of UNRWA school condemned by UN, saying it asked IDF for time to evacuate civilians, which was not given


### Source:

1. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/story/1307077/three-palestinians-killed-in-west-bank-protest)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jul/24/israeli-strike-un-school-gaza-kills-women-children)

### Related:

1. [Israel-Gaza conflict. The Israel Defense Forces report a rocket fired from Gaza landed in Israeli territory with no injuries or damage. ](/news/2014/11/1/israel-gaza-conflict-the-israel-defense-forces-report-a-rocket-fired-from-gaza-landed-in-israeli-territory-with-no-injuries-or-damage.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israel-Gaza conflict_
2. [ An Israel Defense Forces soldier and six Palestinians were killed in an IDF operation in the northern Gaza town of Beit Hanoun. ](/news/2006/11/1/an-israel-defense-forces-soldier-and-six-palestinians-were-killed-in-an-idf-operation-in-the-northern-gaza-town-of-beit-hanoun.md) _Context: Beit Hanoun, Israel Defense Forces_
3. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue. IDF planes and artillery strike Gaza knocking out power to parts of the city, destroy a bridge in Beit Hanoun, fire missiles at a Fatah Youth Centre, an office and a refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip. Israeli troops later raided offices of Hamas and Islamic Jihad in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-idf-planes-and-artillery-strike-gaza-knocking-out-power-to.md) _Context: Beit Hanoun, Israel Defense Forces_
4. [Germany-Israel relations. Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu cancels a visit with the foreign minister of Germany Sigmar Gabriel after the latter's refusal to cancel a meeting with the Israel Defense Forces veterans NGO Breaking the Silence saying the group "slanders IDF soldiers as war criminals](/news/2017/04/25/germany-israel-relations-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-cancels-a-visit-with-the-foreign-minister-of-germany-sigmar-gabriel.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces_
5. [An Israeli Army tank kills a Palestinian teenager and wounds two others near the Gaza border. ](/news/2017/03/22/an-israeli-army-tank-kills-a-palestinian-teenager-and-wounds-two-others-near-the-gaza-border.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces_
6. [Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War. March 2017 Israel-Syria incident. The Syrian Army shoots down an Israel Defense Forces (IDF) Skylark drone over Syria's Quneitra Governorate. ](/news/2017/03/20/israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-march-2017-israel-syria-incident-the-syrian-army-shoots-down-an-is.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Hebron shooting incident. Following last month's manslaughter conviction, Israeli soldier Elor Azaria is sentenced to 18 months in prison by a military court for, during a violent incident, his deadly shooting of the wounded, unarmed, prone Palestinian Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, who had stabbed a soldier last March in Hebron. ](/news/2017/02/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hebron-shooting-incident-following-last-month-s-manslaughter-conviction-israeli-soldier-elor-azaria-is-sen.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. A rock throwing 19-year old Palestinian is killed by IDF troops amid clashes in the West Bank village of Beit Rima. ](/news/2016/12/18/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-rock-throwing-19-year-old-palestinian-is-killed-by-idf-troops-amid-clashes-in-the-west-bank-village-of-bei.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces_
9. [Syrian civil war. Israel-Syria relations. Syria reports its air defense shot down an Israeli warplane that attacked a Syrian army position in al-Quneitra, near the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights. The Israel Defense Forces say that missiles were fired at their aircraft but none hit. ](/news/2016/09/13/syrian-civil-war-israel-syria-relations-syria-reports-its-air-defense-shot-down-an-israeli-warplane-that-attacked-a-syrian-army-position.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces_
10. [Syrian Civil War. Israel-Syria relations. Israel's military attacks two Syrian Army targets in Syrian territory from the Golan Heights after a fire from the fighting damages a security fence on the border. ](/news/2016/07/4/syrian-civil-war-israel-syria-relations-israel-s-military-attacks-two-syrian-army-targets-in-syrian-territory-from-the-golan-heights-aft.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces_
