### [2014-07-24](/news/2014/07/24/index.md)

# The United States Federal Aviation Administration lifts its ban on aircraft travelling to and from Israel imposed due to concerns about Hamas rockets. 




### Source:

1. [Time](http://time.com/3027005/u-s-lifts-israel-flight-ban-faa-tel-aviv-ben-gurion-airport/)

### Related:

1. [Captured Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit:. The fourth anniversary of the capture of Gilad Shalit, and held incommunicado by Hamas in Gaza, is marked in Israel, the United States and a number of European cities. ](/news/2010/06/25/captured-israeli-soldier-gilad-shalit-the-fourth-anniversary-of-the-capture-of-gilad-shalit-and-held-incommunicado-by-hamas-in-gaza-is-m.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, United States_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. Israel's decision to ease the Gaza blockade is welcomed by the United Nations and the United States; Gaza's Hamas rulers say this is propaganda by Israel. ](/news/2010/06/17/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-s-decision-to-ease-the-gaza-blockade-is-welcomed-by-the-united-nations-and-the-united-states-gaza-s.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, United States_
3. [June 2017 Jerusalem attack. In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/june-2017-jerusalem-attack-in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel_
4. [Hamas, which is seeking to reconcile with rival Palestinian organizations, elects former Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh its new leader, replacing term-limited Khaled Meshaal. Last week, Hamas dropped its longstanding call for Israel's destruction, and severed ties with the Muslim Brotherhood. ](/news/2017/05/6/hamas-which-is-seeking-to-reconcile-with-rival-palestinian-organizations-elects-former-prime-minister-ismail-haniyeh-its-new-leader-repla.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel_
5. [Israel-Palestine relations. The Palestinian National Authority threatens to revoke its recognition of Israel (guaranteed by their signing of the Oslo I Accord in 1993) if the United States, under the presidency of Donald Trump, moves its Embassy in Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/01/10/israel-palestine-relations-the-palestinian-national-authority-threatens-to-revoke-its-recognition-of-israel-guaranteed-by-their-signing.md) _Context: Israel, United States_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel_
7. [The United States Federal Aviation Administration approves private startup company Moon Express landing a robotic craft on the Moon, according to the Mountain View, California, company. ](/news/2016/08/3/the-united-states-federal-aviation-administration-approves-private-startup-company-moon-express-landing-a-robotic-craft-on-the-moon-accordi.md) _Context: Federal Aviation Administration, United States_
8. [Israel-Palestine relations. The report of the diplomatic Quartet to the Security Council - the United Nations, Russia, the United States, and the European Union - calls on Israel to end settlement construction and expansion policy, and calls on Palestinians to act decisively to stop incitement to violence and to clearly condemn terrorist acts. Special Coordinator for the Middle East Peace Process Nickolay Mladenov tells the UNSC, -The main objective of this report is not about assigning blame ... (rather) it focuses on the major threats to achieving a negotiated peace." ](/news/2016/07/1/israel-palestine-relations-the-report-of-the-diplomatic-quartet-to-the-security-council-the-united-nations-russia-the-united-states.md) _Context: Israel, United States_
9. [Gaza-Israel conflict. A Palestinian woman is killed and another person is injured in the Gaza Strip by tank fire from Israel. Israel said it responded to mortar rounds and the discovery of another tunnel by Hamas. ](/news/2016/05/5/gaza-israel-conflict-a-palestinian-woman-is-killed-and-another-person-is-injured-in-the-gaza-strip-by-tank-fire-from-israel-israel-said.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israe.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel_
