### [2014-07-24](/news/2014/07/24/index.md)

# Three American citizens have been detained in Iran this week including ''Washington Post'' correspondent Jason Rezaian. Rezaian's Iranian wife Yeganeh Salehi has also been detained. 

Tehran bureau chief Jason Rezaian and three others believed detained;


### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/post-reporter-other-americans-appear-to-have-been-detained-in-iran/2014/07/24/1a13511e-1356-11e4-8936-26932bcfd6ed_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Iran releases four Iranian-American prisoners including ''Washington Post'' reporter Jason Rezaian and Christian pastor Saeed Abedini. The United States is to release seven Iranian-Americans held in the United States for violating sanctions against Iran. ](/news/2016/01/16/iran-releases-four-iranian-american-prisoners-including-washington-post-reporter-jason-rezaian-and-christian-pastor-saeed-abedini-the-u.md) _Context: Iran, Washington Post_
2. [Iranian Students News Agency reports an undisclosed verdict has been reached in the espionage case of ''Washington Post'' reporter Jason Rezaian, who has been held by Iran for more than 14 months. The final  closed door hearing on Rezaian's case  was on August 10, 2015. By not disclosing details, the Post stated that it seems Tehran could be working a political angle. Last month at the UN, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told journalists he would welcome quicker steps on mutual prisoner releases. ](/news/2015/10/11/iranian-students-news-agency-reports-an-undisclosed-verdict-has-been-reached-in-the-espionage-case-of-washington-post-reporter-jason-rez.md) _Context: Iran, Washington Post_
3. [ The ''Washington Post'' reports that the NATO-led Coalition Force in Afghanistan intercepted a shipment of Iranian arms intended for the Taliban. ](/news/2007/09/15/the-washington-post-reports-that-the-nato-led-coalition-force-in-afghanistan-intercepted-a-shipment-of-iranian-arms-intended-for-the-ta.md) _Context: Iran, Washington Post_
4. [ The ''Washington Post'' reveals that the current United States administration turned down an Iranian attempt to settle disagreements about recognizing the right of existence of Israel and alleged Iranian support of terrorism in 2003. ](/news/2006/06/18/the-washington-post-reveals-that-the-current-united-states-administration-turned-down-an-iranian-attempt-to-settle-disagreements-about.md) _Context: Iran, Washington Post_
5. [Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and  North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea-both-chambers-of-the-u.md) _Context: Iran_
6. [Maryam Mirzakhani, the first woman and first Iranian to win the Fields Medal in mathematics, dies at 40 of breast cancer. ](/news/2017/07/15/maryam-mirzakhani-the-first-woman-and-first-iranian-to-win-the-fields-medal-in-mathematics-dies-at-40-of-breast-cancer.md) _Context: Iranian_
7. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Iran_
8. [A temperature of 53.7degC (128.7degF) is recorded during the 2017 heat wave in Ahvaz, Khuzestan Province, breaking Iran's previous record and becoming one of the highest temperatures ever recorded on Earth. ](/news/2017/06/30/a-temperature-of-53-7adegc-128-7adegf-is-recorded-during-the-2017-heat-wave-in-ahvaz-khuzestan-province-breaking-iran-s-previous-record-and.md) _Context: Iran_
9. [Iran fires medium range ballistic missiles from western Iran to ISIL targets in Deir ez-Zor Governorate, eastern Syria, in retaliation for the June 7 Tehran attacks. ](/news/2017/06/18/iran-fires-medium-range-ballistic-missiles-from-western-iran-to-isil-targets-in-deir-ez-zor-governorate-eastern-syria-in-retaliation-for-t.md) _Context: Iran_
10. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: Iran_
