### [2010-03-15](/news/2010/03/15/index.md)

# David Beckham flies to Finland to have surgery for a torn Achilles tendon, after the injury thwarts his attempt to become the first English footballer to play at four editions of the FIFA World Cup. [http://sport.scotsman.com/sport/David-Beckham39s-bid-to-become.6151139.jp "(The Scotsman)"]




### Related:

1. [David Beckham tears his Achilles tendon in a match for A.C. Milan. He is ruled out for the 2010 FIFA World Cup. ](/news/2010/03/14/david-beckham-tears-his-achilles-tendon-in-a-match-for-a-c-milan-he-is-ruled-out-for-the-2010-fifa-world-cup.md) _Context: Achilles tendon, David Beckham_
2. [ The German national football team lose a World Cup qualifier for only the second time at home in their history (including as West Germany) by a heavy 1-5 margin to an England team managed by Sven-Gran Eriksson in the Olympic Stadium in Munchen (Munich), ending a significant run of England losses to Germany.](/news/2001/09/1/the-german-national-football-team-lose-a-world-cup-qualifier-for-only-the-second-time-at-home-in-their-history-including-as-west-germany.md) _Context: England, World Cup_
3. [2017 Turku stabbing: At least two people are reportedly killed, and several others wounded in a stabbing in Turku, Finland. Police said they arrested one person after a shootout and had launched a manhunt for other possible attackers. ](/news/2017/08/18/2017-turku-stabbing-at-least-two-people-are-reportedly-killed-and-several-others-wounded-in-a-stabbing-in-turku-finland-police-said-they.md) _Context: Finland_
4. [Finnish municipal elections, 2017: Voters go to the polls for municipal elections in Finland. ](/news/2017/04/9/finnish-municipal-elections-2017-voters-go-to-the-polls-for-municipal-elections-in-finland.md) _Context: Finland_
5. [China-Finland relations: Chinese president Xi Jinping visits Finland on his way to the United States. ](/news/2017/04/5/china-finland-relations-chinese-president-xi-jinping-visits-finland-on-his-way-to-the-united-states.md) _Context: Finland_
6. [Russian president Vladimir Putin attends the International Arctic Forum in Arkhangelsk, Russia. He says there that he is ready to meet U.S. President Donald Trump in Helsinki, Finland. ](/news/2017/03/30/russian-president-vladimir-putin-attends-the-international-arctic-forum-in-arkhangelsk-russia-he-says-there-that-he-is-ready-to-meet-u-s.md) _Context: Finland_
7. [Imatra shooting: Three women, the Imatra Town Council chairwoman and two local reporters, are shot dead outside a restaurant in Imatra, Finland, a town east of the capital, Helsinki. A 23-year-old suspect is apprehended by police. ](/news/2016/12/4/imatra-shooting-three-women-the-imatra-town-council-chairwoman-and-two-local-reporters-are-shot-dead-outside-a-restaurant-in-imatra-finl.md) _Context: Finland_
8. [At least 11 people are killed and 16 others are injured after a gunman opens fire on football fans watching an English Premier League game near Juba, South Sudan. ](/news/2016/11/6/at-least-11-people-are-killed-and-16-others-are-injured-after-a-gunman-opens-fire-on-football-fans-watching-an-english-premier-league-game-n.md) _Context: association football_
9. [2016 influenza A virus subtype H5N8 outbreak: Avian flu virus H5N8 outbreaks are reported in birds in India, Germany, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands, and several other European nations. The World Health Organization advised on 17 November that human infection is possible, but unlikely, based on information available. ](/news/2016/11/26/2016-influenza-a-virus-subtype-h5n8-outbreak-avian-flu-virus-h5n8-outbreaks-are-reported-in-birds-in-india-germany-finland-ireland-the.md) _Context: Finland_
10. [English football sexual abuse scandal: Four police forces in England say they are actively investigating allegations of child sexual abuse in association football. Several ex-players have gone public with allegations against former Crewe Alexandra and Manchester City coach Barry Bennell. ](/news/2016/11/25/english-football-sexual-abuse-scandal-four-police-forces-in-england-say-they-are-actively-investigating-allegations-of-child-sexual-abuse-i.md) _Context: association football_
