### [2008-01-12](/news/2008/01/12/index.md)

#  Republic of China legislative election, 2008: The Kuomintang (KMT) and its coalition allies win a landslide victory over the Democratic Progressive Party, garnering 86 of 113 seats in the Legislative Yuan. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/7184448.stm)
2. [ChinaPost](http://www.chinapost.com.tw/news/2008/01/12/138798/KMT%2Dwins.htm)

### Related:

1. [ A motion to vote on a bill opening the Three Links between mainland China and Taiwan is defeated for the third time in the Legislative Yuan of the Republic of China when a Democratic Progressive Party lawmaker tries to eat the written cloture motion. The opposition Pan-Blue Coalition controls the legislature and would have likely passed the bill. ](/news/2006/05/30/a-motion-to-vote-on-a-bill-opening-the-three-links-between-mainland-china-and-taiwan-is-defeated-for-the-third-time-in-the-legislative-yuan.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party, coalition allies, legislative chamber_
2. [ ROC presidential election, 2004: Chen Shui-bian's Democratic Progressive Party submits a bill to the Legislative Yuan to allow an immediate recount, per Lien Chan's demand, but the majority Pan-Blue Coalition dismisses it as unnecessary saying the President could just issue an executive order instead. ](/news/2004/03/22/roc-presidential-election-2004-chen-shui-bian-s-democratic-progressive-party-submits-a-bill-to-the-legislative-yuan-to-allow-an-immediate.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party, coalition allies, legislative chamber_
3. [Tsai Ing-wen of the Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) is elected the first female President of Taiwan. Eric Chu, the ruling Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party) candidate concedes defeat and announced his resignation as party leader. Ms. Tsai vowed to preserve the status quo in relations with China. The DPP supports independence for the island. ](/news/2016/01/16/tsai-ing-wen-of-the-democratic-progressive-party-dpp-is-elected-the-first-female-president-of-taiwan-eric-chu-the-ruling-kuomintang-chi.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party, Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party)_
4. [Protesters storm and occupy the Legislative Yuan in Taiwan due to a unilateral move by the Kuomintang that forces the Cross-Strait Service Trade Agreement to the legislative floor without giving it an item-by-item review. ](/news/2014/03/18/protesters-storm-and-occupy-the-legislative-yuan-in-taiwan-due-to-a-unilateral-move-by-the-kuomintang-that-forces-the-cross-strait-service-t.md) _Context: Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party), legislative chamber_
5. [Taiwan's opposition Democratic Progressive Party wins all three seats in by-elections against the ruling Kuomintang. ](/news/2010/01/9/taiwan-s-opposition-democratic-progressive-party-wins-all-three-seats-in-by-elections-against-the-ruling-kuomintang.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party, Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party)_
6. [ The opposition Democratic Progressive Party in Taiwan makes large gains in local elections against the Kuomintang. ](/news/2009/12/6/the-opposition-democratic-progressive-party-in-taiwan-makes-large-gains-in-local-elections-against-the-kuomintang.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party, Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party)_
7. [ Ma Ying-jeou is elected President of the Republic of China with more than 58% of the votes in the 2008 presidential election, handing the presidency back to the Kuomintang (KMT) after eight years under the Democratic Progressive Party. ](/news/2008/03/22/ma-ying-jeou-is-elected-president-of-the-republic-of-china-with-more-than-58-of-the-votes-in-the-2008-presidential-election-handing-the-p.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party, Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party)_
8. [ ROC local elections, 2005: Republic of China (Taiwan) opposition party Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party) makes major gains in municipal elections, taking 14 of 23 mayor or county magistrate seats. Ruling Democratic Progressive Party takes six seats. People First Party and New Party each takes one seat, and an independent wins one seat. DPP chairman Su Tseng-chang resigns to take responsibility for his party's defeat. ](/news/2005/12/3/roc-local-elections-2005-republic-of-china-taiwan-opposition-party-kuomintang-chinese-nationalist-party-makes-major-gains-in-municipa.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party, Kuomintang (Chinese Nationalist Party)_
9. [ RoC Premier Yu Shyi-kun is prevented for six hours from delivering a key government report on the floor of the Legislative Yuan when opposition lawmakers, refusing to recognize President Chen Shui-bian's narrow re-election on March 20, tore up his report and unfurled banners and placards with the words "no truth, no president" and "bogus regime". ](/news/2004/06/1/roc-premier-yu-shyi-kun-is-prevented-for-six-hours-from-delivering-a-key-government-report-on-the-floor-of-the-legislative-yuan-when-opposi.md) _Context: coalition allies, legislative chamber_
10. [ ROC referendum, 2004: In Taiwan, a referendum bill written by majority pro-Chinese reunification pan-blue coalition legislators, is passed by the Legislative Yuan. The move is met by opposition from the People's Republic of China as it is seen as a possible route for declaring Taiwan independence, even though the bill blocks referendums on sovereignty issue and changing the official name of the Republic of China.](/news/2003/11/28/roc-referendum-2004-in-taiwan-a-referendum-bill-written-by-majority-pro-chinese-reunification-pan-blue-coalition-legislators-is-passed.md) _Context: coalition allies, legislative chamber_
