### [2008-03-2](/news/2008/03/2/index.md)

#  South American diplomatic crisis: President Hugo Chvez orders the closure of the Venezuelan embassy in Colombia and moves ten battalions to the Colombian-Venezuelan border in response to the killing of FARC leader Ral Reyes in Ecuador by Colombian armed forces the previous day. Rafael Correa, the President of Ecuador, orders troops to the Colombian border. The Colombian government accuses Correa of having "a relationship and commitments" with FARC. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5i3-gy-m2ViT4af14BjcC-rOHaWrgD8V5F3704)
2. [AP via Google News](http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5i3-gy-m2ViT4af14BjcC-rOHaWrgD8V5MN2G0)
3. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/americas/7274222.stm)

### Related:

1. [ 2008 Andean diplomatic crisis: Interpol confirms that Colombia did not tamper with computer files in hardware seized from Raul Reyes. This alleged that Venezuela and Ecuador provided funding, assistance and drug routes to the terrorist group Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia. However, Interpol stated that they had not looked at the content of the files, only their authenticity. ](/news/2008/05/15/2008-andean-diplomatic-crisis-interpol-confirms-that-colombia-did-not-tamper-with-computer-files-in-hardware-seized-from-raul-reyes-this.md) _Context: Colombia, Ecuador, Raul Reyes, Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, Venezuela_
2. [President of Venezuela Hugo Chvez welcomes President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos to Caracas. ](/news/2010/11/2/president-of-venezuela-hugo-chavez-welcomes-president-of-colombia-juan-manuel-santos-to-caracas.md) _Context: Colombia, Hugo Chvez, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
3. [ Footage of FARC leader Jorge Briceno saying he financed Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa's 2006 campaign is broadcast on Colombian television. ](/news/2009/07/17/footage-of-farc-leader-jorge-bricea-o-saying-he-financed-ecuadorian-president-rafael-correa-s-2006-campaign-is-broadcast-on-colombian-telev.md) _Context: Colombia, Ecuador, President, Rafael Correa_
4. [ Ecuadorean police arrest four men including three Colombians on suspicion of plotting an assassination of the President of Ecuador Rafael Correa. ](/news/2008/06/12/ecuadorean-police-arrest-four-men-including-three-colombians-on-suspicion-of-plotting-an-assassination-of-the-president-of-ecuador-rafael-c.md) _Context: Colombia, Ecuador, President, Rafael Correa_
5. [ The President of Venezuela Hugo Chvez calls for a cooling of tensions with Colombia at a summit of the Rio Group presidents in the Dominican Republic. The Rio Group later approves a declaration aimed at reducing tensions between, Ecuador, Venezuela and Colombia. ](/news/2008/03/7/the-president-of-venezuela-hugo-chavez-calls-for-a-cooling-of-tensions-with-colombia-at-a-summit-of-the-rio-group-presidents-in-the-dominic.md) _Context: Colombia, Ecuador, Hugo Chvez, Venezuela_
6. [ Ral Reyes, the second in command of the FARC guerilla organization, is killed in a Colombian military operation in northern Ecuador. ](/news/2008/03/1/raul-reyes-the-second-in-command-of-the-farc-guerilla-organization-is-killed-in-a-colombian-military-operation-in-northern-ecuador.md) _Context: Colombia, Ecuador, Raul Reyes, Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia_
7. [ Venezuela has rejected the suggestion of Colombia to hold a regional summit to resolve the dispute over the capture of FARC leader Rodrigo Granda. Hugo Chvez states that he is willing to discuss the matter personally with lvaro Uribe. ](/news/2005/01/17/venezuela-has-rejected-the-suggestion-of-colombia-to-hold-a-regional-summit-to-resolve-the-dispute-over-the-capture-of-farc-leader-rodrigo.md) _Context: Colombia, Hugo Chvez, Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, Venezuela_
8. [ Venezuelan President Hugo Chvez says he is convinced that Colombian police captured FARC leader Rodrigo Granda in Venezuela, contrary to their claims that he was arrested in the Colombian border town of Ccuta. ](/news/2005/01/10/venezuelan-president-hugo-chavez-says-he-is-convinced-that-colombian-police-captured-farc-leader-rodrigo-granda-in-venezuela-contrary-to-t.md) _Context: Colombia, Hugo Chvez, Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, Venezuela_
9. [Around ten heads of state attend the 17th Non-aligned Movement summit in Isla Margarita, Venezuela, including Evo Morales of Bolivia, Raul Castro of Cuba, Rafael Correa of Ecuador, Hassan Rouhani of Iran, Mahmoud Abbas of the State of Palestine, Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, and Venezuela's president Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/09/17/around-ten-heads-of-state-attend-the-17th-non-aligned-movement-summit-in-isla-margarita-venezuela-including-evo-morales-of-bolivia-raaol.md) _Context: Ecuador, Rafael Correa, Venezuela_
10. [The death toll from Saturday's earthquake has risen to at least 480 with 1,700 missing. Another 2,500 have been injured. President Rafael Correa states it is the worst disaster in Ecuador in seven decades, and the reconstruction will have a "huge economic impact" on the country. ](/news/2016/04/19/the-death-toll-from-saturday-s-earthquake-has-risen-to-at-least-480-with-1-700-missing-another-2-500-have-been-injured-president-rafael-co.md) _Context: Ecuador, President, Rafael Correa_
