### [2009-09-1](/news/2009/09/1/index.md)

#  A plane carrying South African Deputy President Kgalema Motlanthe back from an African Union summit in Tripoli, Libya makes an emergency landing on an unlit runway in northern Congo after missing a fuel stop. 




### Source:

1. [IOL](http://www.int.iol.co.za/index.php?set_id=1&click_id=136&art_id=nw20090901121411601C499396)

### Related:

1. [South African President Jacob Zuma will visit Libya for talks with  Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi, in renewed efforts by the African Union to broker a cease-fire in the 2011 Libyan civil war. ](/news/2011/05/25/south-african-president-jacob-zuma-will-visit-libya-for-talks-with-libyan-leader-muammar-gaddafi-in-renewed-efforts-by-the-african-union-t.md) _Context: African Union, Libya, South Africa_
2. [Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir is to boycott an African Union-European Union meeting in the Libyan capital Tripoli to "avoid embarrassment to Libya". ](/news/2010/11/28/sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-is-to-boycott-an-african-union-european-union-meeting-in-the-libyan-capital-tripoli-to-avoid-embarrassmen.md) _Context: African Union, Libya, Tripoli_
3. [Afriqiyah Airways Flight 771 arriving from South Africa en route to London crashes at Tripoli airport, Libya, killing 104 people; a 10-year-old child is the sole survivor. ](/news/2010/05/12/afriqiyah-airways-flight-771-arriving-from-south-africa-en-route-to-london-crashes-at-tripoli-airport-libya-killing-104-people-a-10-year.md) _Context: Libya, South Africa, Tripoli_
4. [ At least eight are killed in clashes in Tripoli, Libya. ](/news/2016/12/2/at-least-eight-are-killed-in-clashes-in-tripoli-libya.md) _Context: Libya, Tripoli_
5. [South Africa formally begins the process of withdrawing from the International Criminal Court amid a dispute over the country's refusal to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir at last year's African Union summit in Johannesburg. ](/news/2016/10/21/south-africa-formally-begins-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-amid-a-dispute-over-the-country-s-refusal-to-a.md) _Context: African Union, South Africa_
6. [A Medecins Sans Frontieres (Doctors Without Borders) ship rescues 209 people, including 50 children, from two dinghies in distress in the Mediterranean Sea but finds 22 dead bodies, 21 women and a child, lying in a pool of fuel in the bottom of one of the boats. The dinghies were 17 miles east of Tripoli, Libya. Cause of death is unknown, though an MSF official says it could be that fumes from mixed fuel and water rendered the people unconscious. The MSF ship is expected to arrive in the Sicilian port of Trapani on Friday.](/news/2016/07/20/a-ma-c-decins-sans-frontia-res-doctors-without-borders-ship-rescues-209-people-including-50-children-from-two-dinghies-in-distress-in-the.md) _Context: Libya, Tripoli_
7. [The self-declared National Salvation government, one of the rival governments of Libya, resigns and gives up power to the UN-backed Libyan Presidential Council in Tripoli. ](/news/2016/04/6/the-self-declared-national-salvation-government-one-of-the-rival-governments-of-libya-resigns-and-gives-up-power-to-the-un-backed-libyan-p.md) _Context: Libya, Tripoli_
8. [The unrecognized House of Representatives, one of the rival governments based in eastern Libya, ships its first cargo of crude oil in defiance of the U.N.-backed authorities in the capital Tripoli in a move that could deepen divisions within the country. The Tripoli-based government asked the United Nations Security Council yesterday to blacklist the tanker. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-unrecognized-house-of-representatives-one-of-the-rival-governments-based-in-eastern-libya-ships-its-first-cargo-of-crude-oil-in-defian.md) _Context: Libya, Tripoli_
9. [ Rival governments in eastern and western Libya reach the initial phase of an agreement designed to foster elections that would bring about a single ruling entity in the North African country. The deal must  be endorsed by the internationally-recognized government in Tobruk and the General National Congress in Tripoli. ](/news/2015/12/6/rival-governments-in-eastern-and-western-libya-reach-the-initial-phase-of-an-agreement-designed-to-foster-elections-that-would-bring-about.md) _Context: Libya, Tripoli_
10. [Hannibal Gaddafi, son of Libya's late leader Muammar Gaddafi, who was kidnapped by militants, is released in Baalbek, Lebanon. Gaddafi's abductors said they were seeking information on the fate of Shiite cleric Imam Moussa al-Sadr, who disappeared during a trip to Tripoli in 1978. ](/news/2015/12/11/hannibal-gaddafi-son-of-libya-s-late-leader-muammar-gaddafi-who-was-kidnapped-by-militants-is-released-in-baalbek-lebanon-gaddafi-s-abd.md) _Context: Libya, Tripoli_
