### [2009-09-1](/news/2009/09/1/index.md)

#  Fiji is suspended from the Commonwealth of Nations, only the second full suspension in the organization's history. 

Military-ruled Fiji was on Tuesday suspended from the Commonwealth of Nations after it ignored a deadline set by the 53-member grouping to take effective steps towards restoration of democracy. 


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/8231717.stm)
2. [Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/news/world/rest-of-world/Fiji-suspended-from-Commonwealth-over-failure-to-restore-democracy/articleshow/4961084.cms)

### Related:

1. [ The Commonwealth of Nations urges the Fijian government to restore democracy in the country. ](/news/2009/11/29/the-commonwealth-of-nations-urges-the-fijian-government-to-restore-democracy-in-the-country.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations, Fiji_
2. [ 2006 Fijian coup d'tat:: Fiji is suspended from the Commonwealth of Nations following a meeting of Commonwealth foreign ministers in London. ](/news/2006/12/8/2006-fijian-coup-d-etat-fiji-is-suspended-from-the-commonwealth-of-nations-following-a-meeting-of-commonwealth-foreign-ministers-in-londo.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations, Fiji_
3. [ Don McKinnon, the Commonwealth Secretary-General, conveys the support of the Commonwealth of Nations to the Prime Minister of Fiji Laisenia Qarase. He warned Fijian military commander Frank Bainimarama against staging a coup d'etat. ](/news/2006/11/2/don-mckinnon-the-commonwealth-secretary-general-conveys-the-support-of-the-commonwealth-of-nations-to-the-prime-minister-of-fiji-laisenia.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations, Fiji_
4. [Foreign relations of the Gambia: British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, during a visit to the Gambia, announces that the West African nation is to rejoin the Commonwealth of Nations following talks with Gambian President Adama Barrow. The Gambia withdrew from the Commonwealth in 2013 under Yahya Jammeh, who considered it a "neo-colonial institution". ](/news/2017/02/14/foreign-relations-of-the-gambia-british-foreign-secretary-boris-johnson-during-a-visit-to-the-gambia-announces-that-the-west-african-nati.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations_
5. [The Maldives leaves the Commonwealth of Nations after 34 years, claiming that it has been "unfairly and unjustly" treated by the intergovernmental organization. ](/news/2016/10/13/the-maldives-leaves-the-commonwealth-of-nations-after-34-years-claiming-that-it-has-been-unfairly-and-unjustly-treated-by-the-intergovern.md) _Context: Commonwealth of Nations_
6. [Fiji authorities detain two opposition party leaders, a prominent trade unionist, and another opposition activist, following their participation in Wednesday's forum on the Pacific island's 2013 constitution. A police spokesperson told the "Fiji Times" that several people were being questioned about comments made at the forum that, "Could affect the safety and security of all Fijians." ](/news/2016/09/10/fiji-authorities-detain-two-opposition-party-leaders-a-prominent-trade-unionist-and-another-opposition-activist-following-their-participa.md) _Context: Fiji_
7. [Proposal for a new flag of Fiji:: Fiji prime minister Voreqe Bainimarama scraps plans to change the flag of Fiji as the feel-good factor envelops the Pacific nation following a first Olympic medal, a gold in men's rugby sevens. ](/news/2016/08/18/proposal-for-a-new-flag-of-fiji-fiji-prime-minister-voreqe-bainimarama-scraps-plans-to-change-the-flag-of-fiji-as-the-feel-good-factor-env.md) _Context: Fiji_
8. [Fiji-New Zealand relations: New Zealand Prime Minister John Key visits Fiji, the first time a Kiwi leader has done so since the 2006 coup d'etat. Key is hoping to improve relations between the two countries though it's clear their political tensions don't have easy solutions. ](/news/2016/06/9/fiji-new-zealand-relations-new-zealand-prime-minister-john-key-visits-fiji-the-first-time-a-kiwi-leader-has-done-so-since-the-2006-coup.md) _Context: Fiji_
9. [Fiji's ambassador to the United Nations Peter Thomson is elected as President of the United Nations General Assembly for its 71st session. ](/news/2016/06/13/fiji-s-ambassador-to-the-united-nations-peter-thomson-is-elected-as-president-of-the-united-nations-general-assembly-for-its-71st-session.md) _Context: Fiji_
10. [2015-16 South Pacific cyclone season: Cyclone Zena, now a category 3 storm, heads for Fiji, where a tropical depression already dumped up to 12 inches of rain on the western and northern parts of Fiji's largest and most populous island, Viti Levu, triggering major flash flooding that's killed at least two people. The archipelago is still recovering from category 5 Cyclone Winston that killed 44 people in February. ](/news/2016/04/6/2015-16-south-pacific-cyclone-season-cyclone-zena-now-a-category-3-storm-heads-for-fiji-where-a-tropical-depression-already-dumped-up.md) _Context: Fiji_
