### [2009-09-1](/news/2009/09/1/index.md)

#  President Tabare Vazquez of Uruguay shuffles his cabinet, with Gonzalo Fernandez, drafter of all major legislation, moving from Foreign Affairs to Defence. 

With only two months left for Uruguay&rsquo;s October general election President Tabare Vazquez, as had been anticipated, reshuffled his cabinet which included a major surprise: his main advisor and most trusted man was moved from Foreign Affairs to the ministry of Defence.


### Source:

1. [MercoPress](http://en.mercopress.com/2009/09/01/surprise-move-president-vazquez-most-trusted-advisor-defence-minister)

### Related:

1. [ Uruguayan President Tabare Vazquez calls for an integrated Mercosur with a greater number of countries to make it more competitive overseas, but also demands greater balance inside the group among members. ](/news/2009/09/18/uruguayan-president-tabara-c-va-zquez-calls-for-an-integrated-mercosur-with-a-greater-number-of-countries-to-make-it-more-competitive-overse.md) _Context: President, Tabare Vazquez, Uruguay_
2. [ In Montevideo, President of Mexico Felipe Calderon and President of Uruguay Tabare Vazquez sign a Strategic Association accord to strengthen political dialogue and bilateral trade relations. ](/news/2009/08/14/in-montevideo-president-of-mexico-felipe-caldera3n-and-president-of-uruguay-tabara-c-va-zquez-sign-a-strategic-association-accord-to-streng.md) _Context: President, Tabare Vazquez, Uruguay_
3. [Uruguayan general election. Voters in Uruguay go to the polls for the second round of voting in the presidential election with former President Tabare Vazquez of the ruling Broad Front winning another term in government. ](/news/2014/11/30/uruguayan-general-election-voters-in-uruguay-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-voting-in-the-presidential-election-with-former-presid.md) _Context: Tabare Vazquez, Uruguay_
4. [ President of Uruguay Tabar Vzquez resigns as the leader of the Socialist Party following a row over the vetoing of an abortion decriminalisation bill. ](/news/2008/12/4/president-of-uruguay-tabare-vazquez-resigns-as-the-leader-of-the-socialist-party-following-a-row-over-the-vetoing-of-an-abortion-decriminal.md) _Context: President, Uruguay_
5. [ In Uruguay, Dr. Tabar Vzquez, the first leftist president in the country's 180-year history, takes office, announces his cabinet and restores diplomatic relations with Cuba. ](/news/2005/03/1/in-uruguay-dr-tabare-vazquez-the-first-leftist-president-in-the-country-s-180-year-history-takes-office-announces-his-cabinet-and-rest.md) _Context: President, Uruguay_
6. [Authorities cannot contact the South Korean cargo freighter "Stellar Daisy". It is believed that the ship sunk off the coast of Uruguay. ](/news/2017/04/1/authorities-cannot-contact-the-south-korean-cargo-freighter-stellar-daisy-it-is-believed-that-the-ship-sunk-off-the-coast-of-uruguay.md) _Context: Uruguay_
7. [Violent storms cause floods across Uruguay with seven people killed and more than 2,000 left homeless. Four of those were killed by a tornado that struck Dolores. Four million people in the Chilean capital of Santiago were left without tap water as heavy rains triggered landslides. This led to the fouling of the city's water supply. ](/news/2016/04/18/violent-storms-cause-floods-across-uruguay-with-seven-people-killed-and-more-than-2-000-left-homeless-four-of-those-were-killed-by-a-tornad.md) _Context: Uruguay_
8. [A tornado hits the Uruguayan town of Dolores resulting in at least four deaths and seven injuries. ](/news/2016/04/15/a-tornado-hits-the-uruguayan-town-of-dolores-resulting-in-at-least-four-deaths-and-seven-injuries.md) _Context: Uruguay_
9. [Uruguay's National Emergencies System reports two people have died in flooding from heavy rains in its northern provinces, and almost 5,500 have been evacuated. The Uruguay River has risen close to three meters over safe levels in Paysandu, and almost four meters (13 feet) in Salto. ](/news/2015/12/24/uruguay-s-national-emergencies-system-reports-two-people-have-died-in-flooding-from-heavy-rains-in-its-northern-provinces-and-almost-5-500.md) _Context: Uruguay_
10. [2015 United Nations Security Council election. Egypt, Senegal, Uruguay, Japan, and Ukraine are elected to two-year, non-permanent seats on the United Nations Security Council for 2016-17, replacing Chad, Chile, Jordan, Lithuania, and Nigeria. [http://www.nytimes.com/2015/10/16/world/ukraine-and-japan-among-latest-members-of-un-security-council.html?ref=world (New York Times) ] ](/news/2015/10/15/2015-united-nations-security-council-election-egypt-senegal-uruguay-japan-and-ukraine-are-elected-to-two-year-non-permanent-seats-on-t.md) _Context: Uruguay_
