### [2009-09-1](/news/2009/09/1/index.md)

#  Speaking in Lima's "El Comercio" in response to some ironic quotes by Peruvian President Alan Garcia, Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez says his country will continue to export oil to the United States because it is "in interest". 

Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez said that his country will continue exporting oil to the United States because it is in interest. In a statement published in the Lima daily El Comercio that &ldquo;many people don&rsquo;t know&rdquo; that Venezuelan state oil giant PDVSA, through its Citgo subsidiary, has seven large refineries and more than 10.000 service stations on US soil.


### Source:

1. [MercoPress](http://en.mercopress.com/2009/09/01/chavez-takes-time-to-reply-to-peruvian-president-garca-ironies)

### Related:

1. [Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez responds to criticism from Organization of American States Secretary General Jose Miguel Insulza by saying the OAS is interfering in the country's internal affairs and referring to Insulza as a "spokesman of the empire" during a radio address. ](/news/2011/01/10/venezuelan-president-hugo-cha-vez-responds-to-criticism-from-organization-of-american-states-secretary-general-josa-c-miguel-insulza-by-sayin.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, U.S., Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
2. [ UNASUR leaders express fresh concerns over Colombian plans to grant United States troops access to its military bases but cannot agree on a declaration to formally condemn the proposals. Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez warns that "the winds of war are beginning to blow" across the region. ](/news/2009/08/11/unasur-leaders-express-fresh-concerns-over-colombian-plans-to-grant-united-states-troops-access-to-its-military-bases-but-cannot-agree-on-a.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, U.S., Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
3. [President Hugo Chavez returns to Venezuela after undergoing surgery for cancer in Cuba. ](/news/2011/07/4/president-hugo-cha-vez-returns-to-venezuela-after-undergoing-surgery-for-cancer-in-cuba.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
4. [The Venezuelan parliament temporarily grants more powers to President Hugo Chavez in the wake of recent flooding, allowing him to pass laws by decree without the support of the National Assembly.](/news/2010/12/18/the-venezuelan-parliament-temporarily-grants-more-powers-to-president-hugo-cha-vez-in-the-wake-of-recent-flooding-allowing-him-to-pass-laws.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
5. [Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez announces plans to pass laws by decree for the next six to eighteen months, amid concern from the opposition. ](/news/2010/12/14/venezuelan-president-hugo-cha-vez-announces-plans-to-pass-laws-by-decree-for-the-next-six-to-eighteen-months-amid-concern-from-the-oppositi.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
6. [A Peruvian judge orders that United States born militant Lori Berenson be released from prison in Lima. ](/news/2010/11/5/a-peruvian-judge-orders-that-united-states-born-militant-lori-berenson-be-released-from-prison-in-lima.md) _Context: Lima, Peru, U.S._
7. [Peruvian President Alan Garcia names Jose Chang as Prime Minister, replacing Javier Velasquez as part of a cabinet reshuffle. ](/news/2010/09/14/peruvian-president-alan-garcaa-names-josa-c-chang-as-prime-minister-replacing-javier-vela-squez-as-part-of-a-cabinet-reshuffle.md) _Context: Alan Garcia, Peru, President_
8. [President of Venezuela Hugo Chavez announces that he has agreed to meet President of Colombia Juan Manuel Santos tomorrow for talks to end strained relations between the two countries. ](/news/2010/08/9/president-of-venezuela-hugo-cha-vez-announces-that-he-has-agreed-to-meet-president-of-colombia-juan-manuel-santos-tomorrow-for-talks-to-end.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
9. [President of Venezuela Hugo Chavez orders a review of Venezuela's ties with the Vatican following tensions between the government and Roman Catholic bishops. ](/news/2010/07/15/president-of-venezuela-hugo-cha-vez-orders-a-review-of-venezuela-s-ties-with-the-vatican-following-tensions-between-the-government-and-roman.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
10. [Venezuelan authorities issue an arrest warrant for the head of Globovision, the country's only remaining independent television station which criticises President of Venezuela Hugo Chavez. ](/news/2010/06/13/venezuelan-authorities-issue-an-arrest-warrant-for-the-head-of-globovisia3n-the-country-s-only-remaining-independent-television-station-whi.md) _Context: Hugo Chavez, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
