### [2014-10-10](/news/2014/10/10/index.md)

# Kim Jong-un, the leader of North Korea, fails to show at an event marking the 69th anniversary of the founding of the Workers' Party of Korea, increasing speculation about his prolonged absence from public view. 

North Korean leader Kim Jong-un misses a key political ceremony, increasing speculation over his longest absence from public view.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-29563837)

### Related:

1. [North Korea's state media says Kim Yang-gon, a top aide to supreme leader Kim Jong-un and secretary of the ruling Workers' Party of Korea (WPK), who was also in charge of ties with South Korea, dies in a car crash. ](/news/2015/12/29/north-korea-s-state-media-says-kim-yang-gon-a-top-aide-to-supreme-leader-kim-jong-un-and-secretary-of-the-ruling-workers-party-of-korea-w.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, Workers' Party of Korea_
2. [North Korean leader Kim Jong-un is given two posts in the Workers' Party of Korea previously held by his father Kim Jong-Il, including chairman of the party's Central Military Commission and a standing member of the Politburo. ](/news/2012/04/12/north-korean-leader-kim-jong-un-is-given-two-posts-in-the-workers-party-of-korea-previously-held-by-his-father-kim-jong-il-including-chair.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, Workers' Party of Korea_
3. [The ruling Workers Party in North Korea calls a conference in mid-April to consolidate the transfer of leadership to Kim Jong-un from his father Kim Jong-Il. ](/news/2012/02/20/the-ruling-workers-party-in-north-korea-calls-a-conference-in-mid-april-to-consolidate-the-transfer-of-leadership-to-kim-jong-un-from-his-fa.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, Workers' Party of Korea_
4. [Malaysia-North Korea relations. North Korea temporarily bans all Malaysian nationals (estimated to be at least 11 people including embassy employees) from leaving the country amid a growing dispute between the two countries over the death of Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of Kim Jong-un. Malaysian official Khairy Jamaluddin calls the move "tantamount to taking hostages". ](/news/2017/03/7/malaysia-north-korea-relations-north-korea-temporarily-bans-all-malaysian-nationals-estimated-to-be-at-least-11-people-including-embassy.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
5. [Kim Jong-nam's assassination. Two women, Indonesian Siti Aisyah and Vietnamese Doan Thi Huong, are charged with murder in relation to the death of Kim Jong-nam, the estranged half-brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, at Kuala Lumpur International Airport. The women, who reportedly thought they were involved in a prank TV show, did not enter pleas. ](/news/2017/03/1/kim-jong-nam-s-assassination-two-women-indonesian-siti-aisyah-and-vietnamese-aoa-n-tha-haedegae-ng-are-charged-with-murder-in-relation-to.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
6. [Death of Kim Jong-nam. Malaysian police claim that Kim Jong-nam, half brother of North Korean leader Kim Jong-un, was killed by VX nerve agent, a toxin used almost exclusively for chemical warfare. ](/news/2017/02/24/death-of-kim-jong-nam-malaysian-police-claim-that-kim-jong-nam-half-brother-of-north-korean-leader-kim-jong-un-was-killed-by-vx-nerve-age.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
7. [North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. Kim Jong Un, the leader of North Korea, claims that the country is close to developing an intercontinental ballistic missile. ](/news/2017/01/1/north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-kim-jong-un-the-leader-of-north-korea-claims-that-the-country-is-close-to-developing-an-inter.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
8. [Two North Korean officials are reportedly publicly executed by Kim Jong-un after they allegedly disobeyed orders: former agriculture minister Hwang Min for unsuitable policies and Ri Yong Jin, a senior official at the education ministry, for sleeping at a meeting with Kim, disrespect for the leader and corruption. They were allegedly executed by anti-aircraft artillery fire. ](/news/2016/08/30/two-north-korean-officials-are-reportedly-publicly-executed-by-kim-jong-un-after-they-allegedly-disobeyed-orders-former-agriculture-ministe.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
9. [North Korea-United States relations. North Korea says the United States has "crossed the red line in our showdown" after placing sanctions on its leader Kim Jong-un over human rights abuses, and considers the sanctions to be a "declaration of war" by the United States. ](/news/2016/07/28/north-korea-united-states-relations-north-korea-says-the-united-states-has-crossed-the-red-line-in-our-showdown-after-placing-sanctions.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
10. [ North Korean leader Kim Jong-un rules out a nuclear first strike unless North Korea's sovereignty is violated. ](/news/2016/05/8/north-korean-leader-kim-jong-un-rules-out-a-nuclear-first-strike-unless-north-korea-s-sovereignty-is-violated.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea_
