### [2017-08-5](/news/2017/08/5/index.md)

# The United Nations Security Council votes 15-0 to impose sanctions on North Korea for its intercontinental ballistic missile tests. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-northkorea-missiles-un-idUSKBN1AL0NU)

### Related:

1. [U.S. and South Korean officials confirm that North Korea launched a test missile from the west coast city of Kusong. The projectile travelled to the east for 30 minutes and 435|mi|km reaching an altitude of more than 1245|mi|km before landing in the Sea of Japan, 60|mi|km south of the Russian city of Vladivostok. ](/news/2017/05/14/u-s-and-south-korean-officials-confirm-that-north-korea-launched-a-test-missile-from-the-west-coast-city-of-kusong-the-projectile-travelle.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, missile tests_
2. [The United Nations Security Council condemns North Korea's most recent ballistic missile launches as a grave violation of the international ban, and urges all countries "to redouble their efforts" to fully implement the March sanctions. ](/news/2016/06/23/the-united-nations-security-council-condemns-north-korea-s-most-recent-ballistic-missile-launches-as-a-grave-violation-of-the-international.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, United Nations Security Council_
3. [The United Nations Security Council adopts the toughest sanctions on North Korea in twenty years due to continued efforts to develop a nuclear weapons program. ](/news/2016/03/2/the-united-nations-security-council-adopts-the-toughest-sanctions-on-north-korea-in-twenty-years-due-to-continued-efforts-to-develop-a-nucle.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, United Nations Security Council_
4. [The People's Republic of China refuses to let the United Nations Security Council publish a report on North Korea's efforts to avoid sanctions on its nuclear program. ](/news/2011/02/23/the-people-s-republic-of-china-refuses-to-let-the-united-nations-security-council-publish-a-report-on-north-korea-s-efforts-to-avoid-sanctio.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, United Nations Security Council_
5. [ North Korea launches its sixth ballistic missile despite the United Nations Security Council's possible international sanctions. ](/news/2009/05/30/north-korea-launches-its-sixth-ballistic-missile-despite-the-united-nations-security-council-s-possible-international-sanctions.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, United Nations Security Council_
6. [North Korea fires a missile which flies 2,700km, passing over Hokkaido, northern Japan, prompting the activation of the nationwide J-Alert warning system. This is first time since 1998 that a North Korean missile has passed over Japanese territory. ](/news/2017/08/29/north-korea-fires-a-missile-which-flies-2-700km-passing-over-hokkaido-northern-japan-prompting-the-activation-of-the-nationwide-j-alert-w.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
7. [North Korea test-launches what is presumed to be its first intercontinental ballistic missile 933 kilometers into the Sea of Japan within Japan's Exclusive Economic Zone. An American expert theorizes the ICBM, which reached an altitude of 2,802 km, could potentially reach the U.S. state of Alaska. ](/news/2017/07/4/north-korea-test-launches-what-is-presumed-to-be-its-first-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-933-kilometers-into-the-sea-of-japan-within-ja.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction_
8. [North Korea launches an intercontinental ballistic missile that flies 620 miles horizontally in about 45 minutes, landing in the Sea of Japan, according to Japan, South Korea and the United States. ](/news/2017/07/28/north-korea-launches-an-intercontinental-ballistic-missile-that-flies-620-miles-horizontally-in-about-45-minutes-landing-in-the-sea-of-japa.md) _Context: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, missile tests_
9. [North Korea test fires several missiles, believed to be anti-ship weapons. The test comes immediately after South Korea suspends further deployment of the THAAD anti-missile system. ](/news/2017/06/8/north-korea-test-fires-several-missiles-believed-to-be-anti-ship-weapons-the-test-comes-immediately-after-south-korea-suspends-further-dep.md) _Context: North Korea, missile tests_
10. [As a result of North Korea's repeated missile tests, the United Nations Security Council expands its targeted sanctions against the country, adding to the U.N. blacklist four entities, including the Koryo Bank and the Army's Strategic Rocket Force, and 14 people, including the North's head of intelligence operations. ](/news/2017/06/2/as-a-result-of-north-korea-s-repeated-missile-tests-the-united-nations-security-council-expands-its-targeted-sanctions-against-the-country.md) _Context: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, United Nations Security Council_
