### [2011-12-4](/news/2011/12/4/index.md)

# Voters in Croatia go to the polls for a parliamentary election with an exit poll showing the centre-left Kukuriku coalition set to win a majority. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-16021016)

### Related:

1. [French legislative election, 2017: Voters in France return to the polls after last month's presidential election for the first round of a legislative election, to begin choosing the 577 members of France's lower house. Opinion polls and exit polls predict that En Marche!, formed by newly elected President Emmanuel Macron, will pick up a majority of seats. ](/news/2017/06/11/french-legislative-election-2017-voters-in-france-return-to-the-polls-after-last-month-s-presidential-election-for-the-first-round-of-a-le.md) _Context: exit poll_
2. [United States-European Union relations: The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/united-states-european-union-relations-the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-go.md) _Context: Croatia_
3. [Bulgarian parliamentary election, 2017: Official results of yesterday's election are released today. An exit poll showed the centre-right GERB winning the most votes. ](/news/2017/03/27/bulgarian-parliamentary-election-2017-official-results-of-yesterday-s-election-are-released-today-an-exit-poll-showed-the-centre-right-ge.md) _Context: exit poll_
4. [Dutch general election, 2017: Voters in the Netherlands go to the polls for a general election. Exit polls suggest that incumbent Prime Minister Mark Rutte's People's Party for Freedom and Democracy will win the most seats in the election. ](/news/2017/03/15/dutch-general-election-2017-voters-in-the-netherlands-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-exit-polls-suggest-that-incumbent-prime-mini.md) _Context: exit poll_
5. [Italian constitutional referendum, 2016: Italians go to the polls to for a referendum on whether to approve a constitutional law that amends the Constitution of Italy to reform the powers of the Italian Parliament. Prime Minister Matteo Renzi, who introduced the referendum bill, resigns after exit polls show that the no case is likely to be successful. ](/news/2016/12/4/italian-constitutional-referendum-2016-italians-go-to-the-polls-to-for-a-referendum-on-whether-to-approve-a-constitutional-law-that-amends.md) _Context: exit poll_
6. [Croatian parliamentary election, 2016: Croatian lawmakers approve conservative Croatian Democratic Union party leader Andrej Plenkovic's new coalition government 91-45. ](/news/2016/10/19/croatian-parliamentary-election-2016-croatian-lawmakers-approve-conservative-croatian-democratic-union-party-leader-andrej-plenkovia-s-ne.md) _Context: Croatia_
7. [Russian legislative election, 2016: Russian voters head to the polls to elect all 450 MPs to the 7th State Duma of the Russian Federation. Exit polls show the governing United Russia party with a comfortable lead. ](/news/2016/09/18/russian-legislative-election-2016-russian-voters-head-to-the-polls-to-elect-all-450-mps-to-the-7th-state-duma-of-the-russian-federation-e.md) _Context: exit poll_
8. [Croatian parliamentary election, 2016: Voters in Croatia go to the polls for a parliamentary election with the conservative Croatian Democratic Union taking an early lead. ](/news/2016/09/11/croatian-parliamentary-election-2016-voters-in-croatia-go-to-the-polls-for-a-parliamentary-election-with-the-conservative-croatian-democra.md) _Context: Croatia_
9. [Croatian MPs vote to dissolve the Parliament, setting the stage for snap election, which are expected to take place in early September. This comes as Croatia is facing an escalating political crisis following the last election in November 2015. ](/news/2016/06/20/croatian-mps-vote-to-dissolve-the-parliament-setting-the-stage-for-snap-election-which-are-expected-to-take-place-in-early-september-this.md) _Context: Croatia_
10. [Italian local elections, 2016: Voters in the Italian capital of Rome go to the polls for a runoff election to select a new Mayor of Rome with exit polls showing Virginia Raggi of the Five Star Movement will become the first female Mayor. ](/news/2016/06/19/italian-local-elections-2016-voters-in-the-italian-capital-of-rome-go-to-the-polls-for-a-runoff-election-to-select-a-new-mayor-of-rome-wit.md) _Context: exit poll_
