### [2014-02-17](/news/2014/02/17/index.md)

# A United Nations report accuses North Korea of atrocities and calls for an investigation by the International Criminal Court. 

UN-mandated report says leaders, including Kim Jong-un, complicit in extermination, starvation and slavery of people.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/asia-pacific/2014/02/nk-leaders-accused-crimes-against-humanity-2014217131956791816.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-26220304)

### Related:

1. [Cuba defends North Korea by circulating an amendment to a European-Japanese draft resolution recommending the referral of North Korea to the International Criminal Court for crimes against humanity. ](/news/2014/11/13/cuba-defends-north-korea-by-circulating-an-amendment-to-a-european-japanese-draft-resolution-recommending-the-referral-of-north-korea-to-the.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, North Korea, United Nations_
2. [South Africa will notify the United Nations that the country is withdrawing from the International Criminal Court (ICC). This separation would take effect one year from when notice is formally received by the  U.N. Secretary-General. Last week, Burundi's parliament voted to leave the ICC, but the required paperwork has not yet reached the U.N. ](/news/2016/10/20/south-africa-will-notify-the-united-nations-that-the-country-is-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-icc-this-separation-wou.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, United Nations_
3. [The United Nations estimates that the death toll from severe flooding in North Korea reaches 133 with another 395 missing and tens of thousands homeless. ](/news/2016/09/12/the-united-nations-estimates-that-the-death-toll-from-severe-flooding-in-north-korea-reaches-133-with-another-395-missing-and-tens-of-thousa.md) _Context: North Korea, United Nations_
4. [A United Nations commission of inquiry says that Eritrea should be referred to the International Criminal Court for alleged crimes against humanity committed in the country, including the enslavement of between 300,000 and 400,000 people through military conscription. ](/news/2016/06/8/a-united-nations-commission-of-inquiry-says-that-eritrea-should-be-referred-to-the-international-criminal-court-for-alleged-crimes-against-h.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, United Nations_
5. [The Philippines impounds a North Korean cargo ship in line with new UN sanctions on North Korea in response to Pyongyang's recent nuclear test and missile launch. Presidential spokesman, Manolo Quezon, said the 6,830-tonne cargo ship would not be allowed to leave the Port of Subic, Luzon, where it has been docked for three days, and that its crew would be deported. ](/news/2016/03/5/the-philippines-impounds-a-north-korean-cargo-ship-in-line-with-new-un-sanctions-on-north-korea-in-response-to-pyongyang-s-recent-nuclear-te.md) _Context: North Korea, United Nations_
6. [A new United Nations report on  South Sudan describes one of the most horrendous human rights situations in the world, in particular by Government forces, including use of rape as a widespread weapon of war and recommends  the U.N. Security Council consider imposing a comprehensive arms embargo on South Sudan and referring the matter to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2016/03/11/a-new-united-nations-report-on-south-sudan-describes-one-of-the-most-horrendous-human-rights-situations-in-the-world-in-particular-by-gove.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, United Nations_
7. [The United Nations General Assembly passes a resolution condemning North Korea's human rights abuses and calls on the Security Council to refer  violations  to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2015/12/17/the-united-nations-general-assembly-passes-a-resolution-condemning-north-korea-s-human-rights-abuses-and-calls-on-the-security-council-to-re.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, North Korea_
8. [The United Nations General Assembly humanitarian committee adopts, by a 112&ndash;19 vote (with 50 abstentions), a resolution that condemns North Korea for gross violations of human rights and supports referring the country and its leaders to the International Criminal Court in The Hague. The resolution will be sent to the full General Assembly, where it is expected to pass, given the committee vote. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-united-nations-general-assembly-humanitarian-committee-adopts-by-a-112-ndash-19-vote-with-50-abstentions-a-resolution-that-condemns.md) _Context: International Criminal Court, North Korea_
9. [North Korea runs a campaign to fight water drought, which according to United Nations is the worst within the past 100 years. ](/news/2015/06/17/north-korea-runs-a-campaign-to-fight-water-drought-which-according-to-united-nations-is-the-worst-within-the-past-100-years.md) _Context: North Korea, United Nations_
10. [A United Nations report claims that a North Korean shipping company has been renaming and reflagging its vessels to avoid an arms embargo. ](/news/2015/02/26/a-united-nations-report-claims-that-a-north-korean-shipping-company-has-been-renaming-and-reflagging-its-vessels-to-avoid-an-arms-embargo.md) _Context: North Korea, United Nations_
