### [2014-02-17](/news/2014/02/17/index.md)

# Ethiopian Airlines Flight 702 between Addis Ababa and Rome is diverted to land at Geneva in an attempted hijacking by the co-pilot who claims to be seeking political asylum. 




### Source:

1. [The Houston Chronicle](http://www.chron.com/news/crime/article/Ethiopian-co-pilot-hijacks-plane-to-Geneva-5241095.php)

### Related:

1. [An explosion outside a prominent post office in Rome causes damage to a car; however, no injuries or deaths have been reported. A preliminary investigation indicated it was most likely -a demonstrative act, showing that it could be done-. ](/news/2017/05/12/an-explosion-outside-a-prominent-post-office-in-rome-causes-damage-to-a-car-however-no-injuries-or-deaths-have-been-reported-a-preliminar.md) _Context: Rome_
2. [A landslide at a rubbish dump on the outskirts of Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, kills at least 48 people. ](/news/2017/03/12/a-landslide-at-a-rubbish-dump-on-the-outskirts-of-addis-ababa-ethiopia-kills-at-least-48-people.md) _Context: Addis Ababa_
3. [United Nations officials announce the creation of a new team in Geneva to investigate possible war crimes, crimes against humanity and genocide during the Syrian Civil War in order to prepare for future prosecutions of those responsible. ](/news/2017/02/16/united-nations-officials-announce-the-creation-of-a-new-team-in-geneva-to-investigate-possible-war-crimes-crimes-against-humanity-and-genoc.md) _Context: Geneva_
4. [At the Indigenous Peoples Forum in Rome, Italy, Pope Francis says that developmental needs have to be reconciled with the protection of the particular characteristics of indigenous peoples and their territories. This is taken by some as a reference to the Standing Rock Sioux and other groups opposing the Dakota Access Pipeline. ](/news/2017/02/15/at-the-indigenous-peoples-forum-in-rome-italy-pope-francis-says-that-developmental-needs-have-to-be-reconciled-with-the-protection-of-the.md) _Context: Rome_
5. [Cyprus dispute. Greek and Turkish local leaders of Cyprus resume talks to end the division of the island before a high level multilateral conference takes place in Geneva this week in the latest effort to reunify the island. ](/news/2017/01/9/cyprus-dispute-greek-and-turkish-local-leaders-of-cyprus-resume-talks-to-end-the-division-of-the-island-before-a-high-level-multilateral-co.md) _Context: Geneva_
6. [2016 Ethiopian protests. At least 23 inmates are killed in a fire and stampede at Kaliti Prison near Addis Ababa in Ethiopia during an attempted jailbreak. ](/news/2016/09/5/2016-ethiopian-protests-at-least-23-inmates-are-killed-in-a-fire-and-stampede-at-kaliti-prison-near-addis-ababa-in-ethiopia-during-an-attem.md) _Context: Addis Ababa_
7. [Italian local elections, 2016. Voters in the Italian capital of Rome go to the polls for a runoff election to select a new Mayor of Rome with exit polls showing Virginia Raggi of the Five Star Movement will become the first female Mayor. ](/news/2016/06/19/italian-local-elections-2016-voters-in-the-italian-capital-of-rome-go-to-the-polls-for-a-runoff-election-to-select-a-new-mayor-of-rome-wit.md) _Context: Rome_
8. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian government airstrikes, and rockets from Islamist insurgents, hit many neighborhoods in Aleppo. Fatalities are reported on both sides of the city. This continued fighting threatens the truce and peace talks being held in Geneva, Switzerland. UN envoy Staffan de Mistura says he will meet the government delegation Monday, and will sit down with the main opposition High Negotiations Committee later in the week. ](/news/2016/04/16/syrian-civil-war-syrian-government-airstrikes-and-rockets-from-islamist-insurgents-hit-many-neighborhoods-in-aleppo-fatalities-are-repor.md) _Context: Geneva_
9. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian peace process. The delegation of the government of Syria rules out starting any direct talks with the opposition delegation as U.N. sponsored peace talks enter a third day in Geneva. ](/news/2016/03/16/syrian-civil-war-syrian-peace-process-the-delegation-of-the-government-of-syria-rules-out-starting-any-direct-talks-with-the-opposition-de.md) _Context: Geneva_
10. [Syrian peace process. The High Negotiations Committee, Syria's main opposition group, will attend Monday's U.N.-brokered peace talks in Geneva, Switzerland, a day shy of the fifth anniversary of the start of the conflict, and two-plus weeks into the ceasefire agreement. Although fighting continues, a significant drop in violence has been seen during the truce. The first round of Geneva talks collapsed on Feb. 3 during a government offensive against rebels in Aleppo. ](/news/2016/03/11/syrian-peace-process-the-high-negotiations-committee-syria-s-main-opposition-group-will-attend-monday-s-u-n-brokered-peace-talks-in-gene.md) _Context: Geneva_
