### [2016-04-25](/news/2016/04/25/index.md)

# A Royal Norwegian Air Force F-16 fighter jet, taking part in a mock attack on Tarva on April 12, mistakenly opened fire on a control tower with three officers inside, who survived unharmed, according to the Norwegian military. 

It is the second time in six years the tower has been fired on in error by F-16 jets – no one was injured either time


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/apr/25/whoops-norwegian-fighter-jet-mistakenly-machine-guns-control-tower)

### Related:

1. [A USAF F-16 crashes shortly after takeoff from Joint Base Andrews in Prince George's County, Maryland. The pilot inside ejected safely and was taken to a local hospital with non-life threatening injuries. ](/news/2017/04/5/a-usaf-f-16-crashes-shortly-after-takeoff-from-joint-base-andrews-in-prince-george-s-county-maryland-the-pilot-inside-ejected-safely-and-w.md) _Context: F-16_
2. [Military intervention against ISIL: Denmark's government announces it will be withdrawing its seven F-16 fighter jets from military operations against ISIL in Iraq and Syria from mid-December. ](/news/2016/12/2/military-intervention-against-isil-denmark-s-government-announces-it-will-be-withdrawing-its-seven-f-16-fighter-jets-from-military-operatio.md) _Context: F-16_
3. [An Israeli Air Force F-16 crashes while attempting to land at Ramon Airbase in southern Israel, killing the pilot. A navigator who was also in the aircraft successfully ejects and escapes the incident unharmed. ](/news/2016/10/5/an-israeli-air-force-f-16-crashes-while-attempting-to-land-at-ramon-airbase-in-southern-israel-killing-the-pilot-a-navigator-who-was-also.md) _Context: F-16_
4. [A United States Air Force F-16 crashes during takeoff from Bagram Airfield in Afghanistan. The pilot ejected safely and was recovered by coalition forces, according to a U.S. military statement. ](/news/2016/03/29/a-united-states-air-force-f-16-crashes-during-takeoff-from-bagram-airfield-in-afghanistan-the-pilot-ejected-safely-and-was-recovered-by-coa.md) _Context: F-16_
5. [India-United States relations: India summons the U.S. Ambassador to India Richard Verma over the U.S. decision to sell more F-16 fighter jets to Pakistan. ](/news/2016/02/13/india-united-states-relations-india-summons-the-u-s-ambassador-to-india-richard-verma-over-the-u-s-decision-to-sell-more-f-16-fighter-j.md) _Context: F-16_
6. [Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War: 2015 Russian Sukhoi Su-24 shootdown: Turkish F-16 fighter jets shoot down a Russian Sukhoi Su-24 aircraft that had allegedly infringed its airspace near the Syrian border. Russia's Ministry of Defence denies the Su-24 entered Turkish airspace and initially said it was shot down by ground fire over Syria's Latakia Governorate. A video emerged of one pilot killed as local rebel Turkmen fighters shot at him while he was parachuting and a video of his body, while the fate of the other pilot is unknown but is presumed dead. A combat search and rescue mission by Russian forces failed to reach them. It is the first time a NATO member has shot down a Russian plane since the 1950s. ](/news/2015/11/24/russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-2015-russian-sukhoi-su-24-shootdown-turkish-f-16-fighter-jets-shoot-down-a-russian-s.md) _Context: F-16_
7. [Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War: Spillover of the Syrian Civil War: Turkey says a Russian warplane violated its airspace near the Syrian border, prompting the Turkish Air Force to scramble two F-16 fighter jets to intercept it. The Foreign Ministry summoned Russia's ambassador to protest the violation and urged Russia to avoid repeating such a violation, or it would be held "responsible for any undesired incident that may occur". ](/news/2015/10/5/russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-turkey-says-a-russian-warplane-violated-its-airspa.md) _Context: F-16_
8. [An F-16 jet belonging to the Hellenic Air Force crashes in southern Spain during a NATO exercise, killing ten people and injuring 21. ](/news/2015/01/26/an-f-16-jet-belonging-to-the-hellenic-air-force-crashes-in-southern-spain-during-a-nato-exercise-killing-ten-people-and-injuring-21.md) _Context: F-16_
9. [The United States expands its military presence in Jordan, sending a Patriot missile battery and an undeclared number of F-16 fighters to the area. ](/news/2013/06/4/the-united-states-expands-its-military-presence-in-jordan-sending-a-patriot-missile-battery-and-an-undeclared-number-of-f-16-fighters-to-th.md) _Context: F-16_
10. [China warns the United States over its proposed sale of newer versions of the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon to Taiwan. ](/news/2011/09/22/china-warns-the-united-states-over-its-proposed-sale-of-newer-versions-of-the-general-dynamics-f-16-fighting-falcon-to-taiwan.md) _Context: F-16_
