### [2016-04-25](/news/2016/04/25/index.md)

# A senior Burundian Army general, Athanase Kararuza, an ethnic Tutsi and security advisor to Burundi Vice-President Gaston Sindimwo, is shot dead by heavily armed men  in the capital Bujumbura. 

A prosecutor said that she had seen reports of killings, disappearances, imprisonment, torture and rape.


### Source:

1. [AFP via Daily Mail](http://www.dailymail.co.uk/wires/afp/article-3557388/Tutsi-general-killed-Burundi-attack.html)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/icc-to-investigate-past-years-deadly-violence-in-burundi/2016/04/25/48b8af66-0b14-11e6-a6b6-2e6de3695b0e_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Burundi's army reports 87 people, including eight government defenders, were killed, and 45 attackers captured in Friday's clashes at three military sites in Bujumbura. Police have not identified the gunmen. Witnesses report some of the victims'  arms were tied behind their backs while others were killed at close range. This was the worst violence since this spring's attempted coup d'etat. One of the generals behind the failed coup says his rebel group still wants to oust the president. ](/news/2015/12/12/burundi-s-army-reports-87-people-including-eight-government-defenders-were-killed-and-45-attackers-captured-in-friday-s-clashes-at-three.md) _Context: Bujumbura, Burundi, Burundian Army_
2. [A gunman shoots dead Burundi's environment minister Emmanuel Niyonkuru in the nation's capital, Bujumbura. ](/news/2017/01/1/a-gunman-shoots-dead-burundi-s-environment-minister-emmanuel-niyonkuru-in-the-nation-s-capital-bujumbura.md) _Context: Bujumbura, Burundi_
3. [The United Nations Security Council unanimously adopts a resolution setting the stage for the deployment of UN Police to Burundi, where political unrest that has lasted nearly a year killed over 400 people and displaced tens of thousands. The resolution asks Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to present options within 15 days for the deployment of UN police in order to monitor the security situation, promote respect for human rights and advance the rule of law. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-adopts-a-resolution-setting-the-stage-for-the-deployment-of-un-police-to-burundi-where-poli.md) _Context: Burundi, Burundian unrest (2015–present)_
4. [The European Union suspends direct financial aid to Burundi after concluding that the Burundian authorities had not done enough to find a political solution to the ongoing conflict occurring in the country. ](/news/2016/03/15/the-european-union-suspends-direct-financial-aid-to-burundi-after-concluding-that-the-burundian-authorities-had-not-done-enough-to-find-a-po.md) _Context: Burundi, Burundian unrest (2015–present)_
5. [Two former Presidents of Burundi call for the United Nations Security Council to authorise the use of peacekeeping troops in Burundi to prevent a potential civil war. ](/news/2016/01/21/two-former-presidents-of-burundi-call-for-the-united-nations-security-council-to-authorise-the-use-of-peacekeeping-troops-in-burundi-to-prev.md) _Context: Burundi, Burundian unrest (2015–present)_
6. [The U.S. State Department issues a travel advisory for Burundi and advises its citizens there to leave  as soon as possible due to the increased violence in the capital Bujumbura where 87 people were killed this weekend. Families of U.S. government personnel  and non-emergency  personnel have been ordered to leave immediately.   ](/news/2015/12/13/the-u-s-state-department-issues-a-travel-advisory-for-burundi-and-advises-its-citizens-there-to-leave-as-soon-as-possible-due-to-the-incre.md) _Context: Bujumbura, Burundi_
7. [Burundi's army repels attacks on military barracks in the capital, Bujumbura, in the worst violence since this spring's unrest that developed after President Pierre Nkurunziza decided to seek a third term in office. According to an army spokesman, at least 12 gunmen are killed and 20 captured. Reports that at least five soldiers have been killed are denied by the army, which says the soldiers were wounded. Two southern sites, a police station and an army camp, were also attacked, with no report on casualties. Kenya Airways and RwandAir cancels its flights to Bujumbura. ](/news/2015/12/11/burundias-army-repels-attacks-on-military-barracks-in-the-capital-bujumbura-in-the-worst-violence-since-this-spring-s-unrest-that-develo.md) _Context: Bujumbura, Burundian Army_
8. [At least nine people are killed after gunmen attack a bar in Burundi's capital, Bujumbura. ](/news/2015/11/8/at-least-nine-people-are-killed-after-gunmen-attack-a-bar-in-burundi-s-capital-bujumbura.md) _Context: Bujumbura, Burundi_
9. [Burundi's army chief General Prime Niyongabo survives an assassination attempt after armed men attacked his motorcade on a busy road in the capital, Bujumbura. Six people are killed in the attack. ](/news/2015/09/11/burundi-s-army-chief-general-prime-niyongabo-survives-an-assassination-attempt-after-armed-men-attacked-his-motorcade-on-a-busy-road-in-the.md) _Context: Bujumbura, Burundi_
10. [General Adolphe Nshimirimana, former chief of staff of the Burundi Army, is assassinated in Bujumbura. ](/news/2015/08/2/general-adolphe-nshimirimana-former-chief-of-staff-of-the-burundi-army-is-assassinated-in-bujumbura.md) _Context: Bujumbura, Burundian Army_
