
Formats: [HTML](/news/2016/04/25/abu-sayyaf-militants-who-threatened-to-kill-three-foreigners-kidnapped-in-september-2015-from-a-high-end-philippine-resort-unless-the.html)  [JSON](/news/2016/04/25/abu-sayyaf-militants-who-threatened-to-kill-three-foreigners-kidnapped-in-september-2015-from-a-high-end-philippine-resort-unless-the.json)  [XML](/news/2016/04/25/abu-sayyaf-militants-who-threatened-to-kill-three-foreigners-kidnapped-in-september-2015-from-a-high-end-philippine-resort-unless-the.xml)  

### [2016-04-25](/news/2016/04/25/index.md)

##### Moro conflict
#  Abu Sayyaf militants, who threatened to kill three foreigners kidnapped in September, 2015, from a "high-end" Philippine resort, unless they were paid 900 million pesos (17 mil Euros) by midnight today (15:00 UTC), have beheaded one of the hostages, Canadian John Ridsdel. Philippine President Benigno Aquino III had ordered an all-out effort to rescue the hostages, including a Philippine woman, kidnapped by the Daesh-linked group. 

Islamist extremists have beheaded one of three foreigners they took from a high-end resort in the strife-torn southern Philippine island group of Mindanao last September, carrying out their threat to execute their hostages if they were not paid 900 million pesos (S$26 million) in ransom.. Read more at straitstimes.com.


### Sources:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-36132382)
2. [Journal of Turkish Weekly](http://www.turkishweekly.net/2016/04/25/news/philippines-all-out-effort-demanded-to-free-hostages/)
3. [Reuters via EuroNews](http://www.euronews.com/newswires/3185281-philippines-says-severed-head-found-as-captives-ransom-deadline-passes/)
4. [Straits Times](http://www.straitstimes.com/asia/se-asia/philippine-militants-behead-one-of-three-foreigners-taken-from-resort-identity-of-dead)
4. [Cover Image](http://www.straitstimes.com/sites/default/files/styles/x_large/public/articles/2016/04/26/pzjohn26e_2x.jpg?itok=OuPCEr3t)

### Changes:

1. [Moro conflict: Abu Sayyaf militants, who threatened to kill three foreigners kidnapped in September, 2015, from a "high-end" Philippine resort, unless they were paid 900 million pesos (17 mil Euros) by midnight today (15:00 UTC), have beheaded one of the hostages, Canadian John Ridsdel. Philippine President Benigno Aquino III had ordered an all-out effort to rescue the hostages, including a Philippine woman, kidnapped by the Daesh-linked group. ](/news/2016/04/25/moro-conflict-abu-sayyaf-militants-who-threatened-to-kill-three-foreigners-kidnapped-in-september-2015-from-a-high-end-philippine-reso.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:28 (First version)_
2. [ Abu Sayyaf militants, who threatened to kill three foreigners kidnapped in September, 2015, from a "high-end" Philippine resort, unless they were paid 900 million pesos (17 mil Euros) by midnight today (15:00 UTC), have beheaded one of the hostages, Canadian John Ridsdel. Philippine President Benigno Aquino III had ordered an all-out effort to rescue the hostages, including a Philippine woman, kidnapped by the Daesh-linked group. ](/news/2016/04/25/abu-sayyaf-militants-who-threatened-to-kill-three-foreigners-kidnapped-in-september-2015-from-a-high-end-philippine-resort-unless-th.md) _2018-02-06 13:49:28 (Update)_
2. [ Abu Sayyaf militants, who threatened to kill three foreigners kidnapped in September, 2015, from a "high-end" Philippine resort, unless they were paid 900 million pesos (17 mil Euros) by midnight today (15:00 UTC), have beheaded one of the hostages, Canadian John Ridsdel. Philippine President Benigno Aquino III had ordered an all-out effort to rescue the hostages, including a Philippine woman, kidnapped by the Daesh-linked group. ](/news/2016/04/25/abu-sayyaf-militants-who-threatened-to-kill-three-foreigners-kidnapped-in-september-2015-from-a-high-end-philippine-resort-unless-the.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Philippine president Benigno Aquino III says that the Abu Sayyaf militants plan to kidnap his sister actress Kris Aquino and boxer Manny Pacquiao. ](/news/2016/04/27/philippine-president-benigno-aquino-iii-says-that-the-abu-sayyaf-militants-plan-to-kidnap-his-sister-actress-kris-aquino-and-boxer-manny-pac.md) _Context: Abu Sayyaf, Moro conflict, his predecessor_
2. [Philippine officials report four Indonesian sailors were kidnapped last night off the Philippines' southernmost town of Sitangkai, Tawi-Tawi, near Malaysia's Sabah state. Seven gunmen in a blue speedboat attacked two Indonesian-flagged tugboats. Six other sailors, including one who was shot, were not taken by ISIL-linked Abu Sayyaf militants. ](/news/2016/04/16/philippine-officials-report-four-indonesian-sailors-were-kidnapped-last-night-off-the-philippines-southernmost-town-of-sitangkai-tawi-tawi.md) _Context: Abu Sayyaf, ISIL, Moro conflict_
3. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte abolishes the Negros Island Region (first created in 2015 by his predecessor) through Executive Order no. 38, citing lack of funds to fully establish the region. Negros Occidental reverts back to the Western Visayas region, Negros Oriental back to the Central Visayas region. ](/news/2017/08/9/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-abolishes-the-negros-island-region-first-created-in-2015-by-his-predecessor-through-executive.md) _Context: Philippine President, his predecessor_
4. [Former President of the Philippines Benigno "Noynoy" Aquino III is indicted (among others) by the Office of the Ombudsman for his failure in handling the 2015 Mamasapano clash, which resulted in the deaths of 44 members of the Special Action Forces of the Philippine National Police. Aquino's legal team has vowed to appeal for a motion for reconsideration; as well as the group Volunteers Against Crime and Corruption (representing the victims' families), against what they call a "weak case" (citing Aquino's charges of "graft" & "usurpation of authority", instead of "reckless imprudence resulting in multiple homicide") ](/news/2017/07/14/former-president-of-the-philippines-benigno-noynoy-aquino-iii-is-indicted-among-others-by-the-office-of-the-ombudsman-for-his-failure-in.md) _Context: Philippine President, his predecessor_
5. [The Philippine military announces that it has discovered the bodies of 16 people, believed to have been killed by the ISIL affiliated Abu Sayyaf. Authorities say that the death toll after six days of fighting is 95, including 19 civilians. ](/news/2017/05/28/the-philippine-military-announces-that-it-has-discovered-the-bodies-of-16-people-believed-to-have-been-killed-by-the-isil-affiliated-abu-sa.md) _Context: Abu Sayyaf, ISIL_
