### [2016-04-25](/news/2016/04/25/index.md)

# Constitution of Venezuela. Venezuela's Supreme Tribunal rules that opposition's proposed amendment to change the President's term of office from six to four years can not be applied retroactively, thereby ending this attempt to cut short President Nicolas Maduro's time in office. 

CARACAS, Venezuela (AP) — Venezuela&#039;s supreme court has struck down an attempt by the opposition to cut short President Nicolas Maduros&#039; term in office, ruling that a proposed constitutional amendment to that effect cannot…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/7500fe4e4e5c40d685aff626c1af6a64/venezuela-court-blocks-bid-cut-short-presidents-term)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-36136282)

### Related:

1. [Venezuelan Constitutional Assembly election, 2017. Voters in Venezuela participate in an election for members of a new Constitutional Assembly, devised by President Nicolas Maduro to amend the constitution following a legislative takeover in March. Many Venezuelans question the election's legitimacy, resulting in boycotts and ongoing protests. ](/news/2017/07/30/venezuelan-constitutional-assembly-election-2017-voters-in-venezuela-participate-in-an-election-for-members-of-a-new-constitutional-assemb.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela, the constitution_
2. [2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. The Supreme Court of Venezuela bars Luisa Ortega Diaz, the chief prosecutor and outspoken critic of president Nicolas Maduro, from leaving the country and freezes her assets. ](/news/2017/06/28/2017-venezuelan-constitutional-crisis-the-supreme-court-of-venezuela-bars-luisa-ortega-daaz-the-chief-prosecutor-and-outspoken-critic-of.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Supreme Tribunal, Venezuela_
3. [2017 Venezuelan protests. Marking the 50th consecutive day of protests, hundreds of thousands demonstrate throughout Venezuela against President Nicolas Maduro, with civil unrest growing despite the increasing number of casualties. ](/news/2017/05/20/2017-venezuelan-protests-marking-the-50th-consecutive-day-of-protests-hundreds-of-thousands-demonstrate-throughout-venezuela-against-presi.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President, Venezuela_
4. [2014-17 Venezuelan protests. Venezuelans continue their march against President Nicolas Maduro with thousands flocking into the streets of Caracas for a second day. ](/news/2017/04/20/2014-17-venezuelan-protests-venezuelans-continue-their-march-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-with-thousands-flocking-into-the-streets-o.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President, Venezuela_
5. [2014-17 Venezuelan protests. Venezuelan security forces clash with opposition demonstrators in the so-called "Mother of All Marches" against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas. Two students and a National Guard sergeant are shot dead. ](/news/2017/04/19/2014-17-venezuelan-protests-venezuelan-security-forces-clash-with-opposition-demonstrators-in-the-so-called-mother-of-all-marches-again.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President, Venezuela_
6. [2017 dissolution of Venezuelan National Assembly. In a ruling, Venezuela's Supreme Court says it "guarantees congressional functions will be exercised by" itself, authorizing president Nicolas Maduro to create oil joint ventures without the previously mandated congressional approval. Opposition leaders call it a "coup", while Peru recalls its ambassador. ](/news/2017/03/30/2017-dissolution-of-venezuelan-national-assembly-in-a-ruling-venezuela-s-supreme-court-says-it-guarantees-congressional-functions-will-be.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Supreme Tribunal, Venezuela_
7. [Venezuelan protests. Venezuelan officials arrest several opposition activists, including Popular Will Party leaders, just days before Thursday's scheduled national protest against the rule of President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/08/30/venezuelan-protests-venezuelan-officials-arrest-several-opposition-activists-including-popular-will-party-leaders-just-days-before-thursd.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President, Venezuela_
8. [Venezuelan protests, 2016 state of emergency in Venezuela. Venezuela's National Electoral Council says the opposition successfully met the one percent of voter signatures in every state requirement for a referendum to recall President Nicolas Maduro. Council head Tibisay Lucena did not name a date for the next phase of the referendum process: collect 20 percent of voters' signatures. ](/news/2016/08/1/venezuelan-protests-2016-state-of-emergency-in-venezuela-venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-says-the-opposition-successfully-met-the-o.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President, Venezuela_
9. [Venezuelan opposition lawmaker, Julio Borges, is left bloodied after being hit in the face with a pipe in downtown Caracas. He spoke at a press conference after the attack with blood streaming down from his nose and mouth, and bloody stains on his button-down shirt, accusing the attackers of being supporters of President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/06/9/venezuelan-opposition-lawmaker-julio-borges-is-left-bloodied-after-being-hit-in-the-face-with-a-pipe-in-downtown-caracas-he-spoke-at-a-pr.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President, Venezuela_
10. [2014-16 Venezuelan protests. Venezuelan opposition leaders say they have now secured enough signatures on a petition to move to the next stage in a recall referendum of President Nicolas Maduro. The process must now be validated by electoral officials. ](/news/2016/06/25/2014-16-venezuelan-protests-venezuelan-opposition-leaders-say-they-have-now-secured-enough-signatures-on-a-petition-to-move-to-the-next-s.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, President, Venezuela_
