### [2016-04-25](/news/2016/04/25/index.md)

# European migrant crisis. Turkey says it has deported more than 3,300 foreigners suspected of links to jihadi groups, and barred another 41,000 foreigners from entering the country. 

ANKARA, Turkey (AP) — Turkey has deported more than 3,300 foreigners suspected of links to jihadi groups, particularly Islamic State militants, and another 41,000 foreigners have been barred from entering the country as…


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/6f26d28ceab44f9a9f7b833b957859f2/turkey-says-it-has-deported-3300-suspected-jihadi-fighters)

### Related:

1. [European migrant crisis. Police in northern Greece move more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/european-migrant-crisis-police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-bo.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Turkey_
2. [European migrant crisis. EU-Turkey relations. The European Union proposes visa-free travel for Turkish citizens within Europe's Schengen Area and invites member states and EU lawmakers to endorse the move by June 30. The EU says Turkey has met all but five of the 72 criteria included in the agreement in exchange for its efforts to stop asylum seekers from reaching Europe. This visa deal also needs approval from the European Parliament. ](/news/2016/05/4/european-migrant-crisis-eu-turkey-relations-the-european-union-proposes-visa-free-travel-for-turkish-citizens-within-europe-s-schengen-are.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Turkey_
3. [European migrant crisis. EU-Turkey relations. On Wednesday, the European Union will propose relaxing visa requirements for Turks as a reward for having reduced the flood of refugees and migrants into Europe. ](/news/2016/05/2/european-migrant-crisis-eu-turkey-relations-on-wednesday-the-european-union-will-propose-relaxing-visa-requirements-for-turks-as-a-reward.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Turkey_
4. [European migrant crisis. Five migrants drown off the island of Samos close to Turkey. ](/news/2016/04/9/european-migrant-crisis-five-migrants-drown-off-the-island-of-samos-close-to-turkey.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Turkey_
5. [European migrant crisis. Greece starts deporting migrants to Turkey. ](/news/2016/04/4/european-migrant-crisis-greece-starts-deporting-migrants-to-turkey.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Turkey_
6. [European migrant crisis. German Chancellor Angela Merkel, European Council President Donald Tusk, and European Commission Vice-President Frans Timmermans meet with Syrian refugees at a camp in the southeastern Turkish town of Nizip prior to talks with a delegation led by Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. Davutoglu stresses the importance of implementation of European Union visa liberalization for Turkish citizens in assuring the success of Europe's migrant readmission agreement with his country. Tusk announces that the EU will spend 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) this summer on projects to improve the lives of Syrian migrants. ](/news/2016/04/23/european-migrant-crisis-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-european-council-president-donald-tusk-and-european-commission-vice-president-fra.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Turkey_
7. [European migrant crisis. Enlargement of the European Union. The European Union and Turkey agree on broad principles for a plan to ease the migration crisis which includes returning thousands of migrants to Turkey. For this, the EU will swiftly ease visa requirements for Turks and speed up Ankara's EU accession talks. A final agreement is to be ready for next week's two-day EU summit in Brussels, Belgium. ](/news/2016/03/8/european-migrant-crisis-enlargement-of-the-european-union-the-european-union-and-turkey-agree-on-broad-principles-for-a-plan-to-ease-the-m.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Turkey_
8. [European migrant crisis. At least 25 migrants, including 10 children, drown after their wooden boat capsizes in the Aegean Sea near the seaside town of Didim, Turkey. The Turkish Coast Guard was able to rescue 15 people. ](/news/2016/03/6/european-migrant-crisis-at-least-25-migrants-including-10-children-drown-after-their-wooden-boat-capsizes-in-the-aegean-sea-near-the-seas.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Turkey_
9. [European migrant crisis. European Union leaders offer Turkey a detailed package of cash and incentives to agree that all migrants attempting to cross the Aegean Sea by raft or boat would be sent back to Turkey which, in effect, becomes the region's migrant holding center. A number of stumbling blocks remain, such as raising the amount of aid from 3 billion euros to at least 6 billion euros; reducing the "72 arduous conditions" the Turks must meet to implement visa-free travel for Turkish citizens; Europe agrees to accelerate talks with Ankara on its EU bid; etc. Human Rights Watch protests the proposed fast-track collective expulsions that fail to take individual circumstances into account and breach peoples' right to seek asylum. ](/news/2016/03/18/european-migrant-crisis-european-union-leaders-offer-turkey-a-detailed-package-of-cash-and-incentives-to-agree-that-all-migrants-attempting.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Turkey_
10. [European migrant crisis. NATO, during a two-day meeting, considers request from Turkey and Greece to monitor migrant transit in the Aegean Sea and to combat human traffickers squeezing refugees onto unsafe boats. ](/news/2016/02/10/european-migrant-crisis-nato-during-a-two-day-meeting-considers-request-from-turkey-and-greece-to-monitor-migrant-transit-in-the-aegean-s.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Turkey_
