### [2016-04-25](/news/2016/04/25/index.md)

# The presidential campaigns of Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich announce they will now coordinate strategies to stop fellow Republican Donald Trump from becoming the party's nominee. Cruz's campaign will cut campaigning in Oregon and New Mexico to help Kasich, while the Kasich campaign will give Cruz a "clear path" in Indiana. 

Republican rivals Ted Cruz and John Kasich announce they will co-ordinate strategies to tackle frontrunner Donald Trump in forthcoming US primaries.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/election-us-2016-36127175)
1. [Cover Image](https://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/B9A2/production/_89422574_89422573.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Ohio Governor John Kasich suspends his campaign. He was the last Republican Party challenger to Donald Trump for the GOP presidential nomination. ](/news/2016/05/4/ohio-governor-john-kasich-suspends-his-campaign-he-was-the-last-republican-party-challenger-to-donald-trump-for-the-gop-presidential-nomina.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Governor, John Kasich, Republican, United States presidential election, 2016, his campaign_
2. [Texas Senator Ted Cruz names former Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina as his vice-presidential running mate. ](/news/2016/04/27/texas-senator-ted-cruz-names-former-republican-presidential-candidate-carly-fiorina-as-his-vice-presidential-running-mate.md) _Context: Republican, Ted Cruz, Ted Cruz presidential campaign, 2016, Texas, United States Senate, United States presidential election, 2016_
3. [Former New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg is seriously considering a possible independent presidential run if Donald Trump or Texas Senator Ted Cruz face Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders in the general election. ](/news/2016/01/23/former-new-york-city-mayor-michael-bloomberg-is-seriously-considering-a-possible-independent-presidential-run-if-donald-trump-or-texas-senat.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Ted Cruz, Texas, United States Senate, United States presidential election, 2016_
4. [Senator Ted Cruz (R-Texas) announces his intention to run for president. ](/news/2015/03/23/senator-ted-cruz-r-texas-announces-his-intention-to-run-for-president.md) _Context: Republican, Ted Cruz, Texas, United States Senate, United States presidential election, 2016_
5. [Voters in the American state of Oregon have their mail-in ballots counted for a Democratic Party and Republican Party primary. Donald Trump is the projected winner on the Republican winner while Bernie Sanders is projected to win the Democratic Party race. ](/news/2016/05/17/voters-in-the-american-state-of-oregon-have-their-mail-in-ballots-counted-for-a-democratic-party-and-republican-party-primary-donald-trump.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Oregon, Republican, United States presidential election, 2016_
6. [The eleventh Republican Party presidential debate of the election cycle takes place at the Fox Theatre in downtown Detroit, Michigan, airing live on Fox News Channel. The debate features four Republican candidates, Donald Trump, Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio and John Kasich. Ben Carson was also invited to the debate but he said that he would not be attending. An estimated 16.9 million viewers watched the debate, 5.5 million of them adults aged 25-54, making it the most watched debate since December 2015. ](/news/2016/03/3/the-eleventh-republican-party-presidential-debate-of-the-election-cycle-takes-place-at-the-fox-theatre-in-downtown-detroit-michigan-airing.md) _Context: Donald Trump, John Kasich, Republican, Ted Cruz_
7. [Republican Party voters, in precinct gatherings, hold the Nevada caucuses with Donald Trump winning, Marco Rubio coming second, and Ted Cruz finishing in third place. ](/news/2016/02/23/republican-party-voters-in-precinct-gatherings-hold-the-nevada-caucuses-with-donald-trump-winning-marco-rubio-coming-second-and-ted-cruz.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Republican, Ted Cruz, United States presidential election, 2016_
8. [The seventh Republican Party presidential debate, the second hosted by Fox News, and the final debate before voting begins with the Iowa caucuses on February 1, is held in Des Moines, Iowa. The seven candidates featuring in the primetime debate were Jeb Bush, Ben Carson, Chris Christie, Ted Cruz, John Kasich, Rand Paul and Marco Rubio. Donald Trump, the current front-runner in the polls, was also invited to the primetime debate but opted to boycott the debate and instead hosted a town hall with charitable proceeds going to veterans groups. ](/news/2016/01/28/the-seventh-republican-party-presidential-debate-the-second-hosted-by-fox-news-and-the-final-debate-before-voting-begins-with-the-iowa-cau.md) _Context: Donald Trump, John Kasich, Republican, Ted Cruz_
9. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Republican, United States Senate_
10. [Although he lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/although-he-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nominee-for-the-2016-presidential-election-becomes-the-president-elect-of-t.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Republican, United States presidential election, 2016_
