### [1999-04-5](/news/1999/04/5/index.md)

#  In Laramie, Wyoming, Russell Henderson pleads guilty to kidnapping and felony murder in order to avoid a possible death penalty conviction for the apparent hate crime killing of Matthew Shepard




### Related:

1. [ A Paris court convicts four men and a girl in the kidnapping, torture and murder of Ilan Halimi, sentencing the ringleader to life in prison. ](/news/2009/07/10/a-paris-court-convicts-four-men-and-a-girl-in-the-kidnapping-torture-and-murder-of-ilan-halimi-sentencing-the-ringleader-to-life-in-priso.md) _Context: kidnapped, murder_
2. [ The United States Federal Bureau of Investigation names Alexis Flores as the 487th person placed on the FBI Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list. He is wanted for the kidnapping, rape and murder of a five-year-old girl in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. ](/news/2007/06/2/the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigation-names-alexis-flores-as-the-487th-person-placed-on-the-fbi-ten-most-wanted-fugitives-list.md) _Context: kidnapped, murder_
3. [ Iraq hanged three men in the first executions in the country since the 2003 invasion. They were part of the Jaish Ansar al-Sunna group and had been convicted of kidnapping and murdering three policemen and abducting, raping and killing Iraqi women. Iraqi President Jalal Talabani refused to sign the death warrants, but his Deputy President Adel Abdul Mehdi signed instead. Talabani has also said he will refuse to sign the death warrant of Saddam Hussein should he be convicted and sentenced to death. ](/news/2005/09/1/iraq-hanged-three-men-in-the-first-executions-in-the-country-since-the-2003-invasion-they-were-part-of-the-jaish-ansar-al-sunna-group-and.md) _Context: kidnapped, murder_
4. [ Ex-president of Peru, Alberto Fujimori, plans to finance his coming presidential campaign with "Fuji-Cola". Fujimori is in exile in Japan, is wanted for corruption, murder and kidnapping and is legally banned from holding public office in Peru until 2010 ](/news/2005/03/22/ex-president-of-peru-alberto-fujimori-plans-to-finance-his-coming-presidential-campaign-with-fuji-cola-fujimori-is-in-exile-in-japan.md) _Context: kidnapped, murder_
5. [ Beltway sniper attacks: A Virginia jury recommends a life sentence without possibility of parole for Lee Boyd Malvo, who was earlier convicted of capital murder, among other charges, in connection with the shootings. Malvo had faced the possibility of execution.[http://www.cnn.com/2003/LAW/12/23/sprj.dcsp.malvo.trial/index.html]](/news/2003/12/23/beltway-sniper-attacks-a-virginia-jury-recommends-a-life-sentence-without-possibility-of-parole-for-lee-boyd-malvo-who-was-earlier-convic.md) _Context: death penalty, murder_
6. [ In Jasper, Texas, testimony begins in the trial of John William King who is accused of dragging African American James Byrd Jr. to death in an apparent hate crime. King was later convicted and sentenced to the death penalty.](/news/1999/02/16/in-jasper-texas-testimony-begins-in-the-trial-of-john-william-king-who-is-accused-of-dragging-african-american-james-byrd-jr-to-death-in.md) _Context: death penalty, hate crime_
7. [Brazil is to investigate the supposed murder of ten members of an Amazonian tribe in the Javari Valley. ](/news/2017/09/11/brazil-is-to-investigate-the-supposed-murder-of-ten-members-of-an-amazonian-tribe-in-the-javari-valley.md) _Context: murder_
8. [Two more Filipino journalists are murdered in a span of two days adding to toll of more than a hundred journalists killed since 2000. ](/news/2017/08/7/two-more-filipino-journalists-are-murdered-in-a-span-of-two-days-adding-to-toll-of-more-than-a-hundred-journalists-killed-since-2000.md) _Context: murder_
9. [Two UN officials with MONUSCO--an American and a Swede--are among six people kidnapped near the village of Ngombe in the Democratic Republic of the Congo's Kasai-Central province. Congolese officials have not identified the kidnappers nor has any group claimed responsibility. ](/news/2017/03/13/two-un-officials-with-monuscoaan-american-and-a-swedeaare-among-six-people-kidnapped-near-the-village-of-ngombe-in-the-democratic-republ.md) _Context: kidnapped_
10. [In an apparent hate crime, an Indian engineer is shot dead and another injured in Olathe, Kansas. ](/news/2017/02/22/in-an-apparent-hate-crime-an-indian-engineer-is-shot-dead-and-another-injured-in-olathe-kansas.md) _Context: hate crime_
