### [2012-09-23](/news/2012/09/23/index.md)

# A conference to "rescue Syria" is held in Damascus by the National Coordination Body and around 20 other parties. Twenty eight parties, which are also opposed to the militarization of the conflict, have not participated. The conference calls for a ceasefire and a peaceful political transition to succeed the Assad regime. The armed opposition considers the position as "too lenient on the dictator". 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/middle_east/syrian-opposition-figures-meet-in-damascus-call-for-regimes-overthrow/2012/09/23/6b6e3f00-0567-11e2-9eea-333857f6a7bd_story.html)
2. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/world/2012-09/24/c_123750583.htm)

### Related:

1. [Syrian uprising:President Bashar al-Assad declares that a state of war exists in Syria as fighting spills into Damascus. ](/news/2012/06/27/syrian-uprising-ppresident-bashar-al-assad-declares-that-a-state-of-war-exists-in-syria-as-fighting-spills-into-damascus.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Damascus, Syria_
2. [In response to several Israeli airstrikes against suspected Hezbollah-related targets inside Syria, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has threatened wider war with the State of Israel, stating its intention to fire Scud missiles, and specifically target the Israeli city of Haifa. Israel responded by stating that any such actions by the Assad regime, or attacks on its aircraft, will cause Israel to "annihilate" Syrian air defense systems. ](/news/2017/03/25/in-response-to-several-israeli-airstrikes-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-inside-syria-syrian-president-bashar-al-assad-has-thr.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria_
3. [According to Syrian state media, two suicide bombers attack in Damascus, killing at least 31 people. ](/news/2017/03/15/according-to-syrian-state-media-two-suicide-bombers-attack-in-damascus-killing-at-least-31-people.md) _Context: Damascus, Syria_
4. [Tahrir al-Sham, al-Qaeda's branch in Syria, claims responsibility for yesterday's twin bomb attacks in Damascus which left dozens dead. ](/news/2017/03/12/tahrir-al-sham-al-qaeda-s-branch-in-syria-claims-responsibility-for-yesterday-s-twin-bomb-attacks-in-damascus-which-left-dozens-dead.md) _Context: Damascus, Syria_
5. [ CHP MP Ozturk Yilmaz says Turkey has expressed its readiness to work with president Assad of Syria. ](/news/2016/12/26/chp-mp-azta1-4rk-ya-lmaz-says-turkey-has-expressed-its-readiness-to-work-with-president-assad-of-syria.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria_
6. [Allegedly Israeli fighter jets strike a suspected Hezbollah weapons convoy near Damascus, Syria. ](/news/2016/11/30/allegedly-israeli-fighter-jets-strike-a-suspected-hezbollah-weapons-convoy-near-damascus-syria.md) _Context: Damascus, Syria_
7. [Several bombings kill at least 40 people in government and Kurdish held territory across Syria, including Tartus, Homs, Al-Hasakah and Damascus. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/09/5/several-bombings-kill-at-least-40-people-in-government-and-kurdish-held-territory-across-syria-including-tartus-homs-al-hasakah-and-damas.md) _Context: Damascus, Syria_
8. [A suicide bomb attack in Syria's capital Damascus kills at least 10 people. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility.  ](/news/2016/02/9/a-suicide-bomb-attack-in-syria-s-capital-damascus-kills-at-least-10-people-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility.md) _Context: Damascus, Syria_
9. [At least 75 Syrian Army soldiers and pro-Assad militiamen are killed following a multi-front attack on the eastern Syrian city of Deir ez-Zor by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant forces. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL fighters had advanced into the northern tip of Deir ez-Zor city, and captured the suburb of Al-Baghaliyeh. The pro-government Syrian Arab News Agency (SANA) reports that government forces had repelled an attack on the city leaving dozens of militants dead. ](/news/2016/01/16/at-least-75-syrian-army-soldiers-and-pro-assad-militiamen-are-killed-following-a-multi-front-attack-on-the-eastern-syrian-city-of-deir-ez-zo.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Syria_
10. [Zahran Alloush, founder  of Islamist rebel group Jaysh al-Islam (army of Islam), the group's deputy leader, and other officials die in Russian airstrikes on a meeting  east of Damascus, according to the  Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Jaysh al-Islam was one of the opposition groups at the December 10th conference that agreed on principles to guide peace  talks, which both Bashar al-Assad and Russia rejected. ](/news/2015/12/25/zahran-alloush-founder-of-islamist-rebel-group-jaysh-al-islam-army-of-islam-the-group-s-deputy-leader-and-other-officials-die-in-russi.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Damascus_
