### [2012-09-23](/news/2012/09/23/index.md)

# Citing nuclear sanctions, the United States of America deny visas to 20 out of 160 Iranian officials, of which two are ministers, impeaching diplomats' attendance at next week's United Nations General Assembly meeting in New York. 




### Source:

1. [RIA Novosti](http://en.rian.ru/world/20120923/176176197.html)

### Related:

1. [ Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad heads for New York to attend the United Nations General Assembly. ](/news/2009/09/22/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-heads-for-new-york-to-attend-the-united-nations-general-assembly.md) _Context: Iran, New York, United Nations General Assembly_
2. [The United Nations General Assembly approves the first Arms Trade Treaty to regulate the multi-billion-dollar global trade in conventional arms with 154 votes in favor, three member states - Iran, North Korea and Syria - against the decision, and 23 abstentions. ](/news/2013/04/2/the-united-nations-general-assembly-approves-the-first-arms-trade-treaty-to-regulate-the-multi-billion-dollar-global-trade-in-conventional-a.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations General Assembly_
3. [The UN General Assembly's human rights committee criticizes Iran for human rights abuses; Iranian diplomat Mohammad-Javad Larijani calls the UN censure a "politicization" of human rights. ](/news/2010/11/19/the-un-general-assembly-s-human-rights-committee-criticizes-iran-for-human-rights-abuses-iranian-diplomat-mohammad-javad-larijani-calls-the.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations General Assembly_
4. [ Iran says it will hold the US responsible for any Israeli attack against their country, in response to US Vice President Joe Biden's claim that the US will not interfere in an Israeli attack on Iranian nuclear facilities. ](/news/2009/07/6/iran-says-it-will-hold-the-us-responsible-for-any-israeli-attack-against-their-country-in-response-to-us-vice-president-joe-biden-s-claim.md) _Context: Iran, United States of America_
5. [ US Vice President Joe Biden says in an ABC interview that Washington will not interfere in an Israeli attack on Iran. ](/news/2009/07/5/us-vice-president-joe-biden-says-in-an-abc-interview-that-washington-will-not-interfere-in-an-israeli-attack-on-iran.md) _Context: Iran, United States of America_
6. [ Turkey, Austria, Japan, Mexico and Uganda are elected by the United Nations General Assembly to the Security Council. Iran and Iceland fail in their bids. ](/news/2008/10/17/turkey-austria-japan-mexico-and-uganda-are-elected-by-the-united-nations-general-assembly-to-the-security-council-iran-and-iceland-fail.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations General Assembly_
7. [ President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and President of the United States George W. Bush both speak at the United Nations General Assembly. Ahmadinejad said that Bush's policies in the Middle East were "moving the world toward war." Bush said that "The greatest obstacle to this future is that your (Iranian) rulers have chosen to deny you (the Iranian people) liberty and to use your nation's resources to fund terrorism and fuel extremism and pursue nuclear weapons." ](/news/2006/09/19/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-and-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-both-speak-at-the-united-nations-general-assembly.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations General Assembly_
8. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Iran_
9. [In a vote at the United Nations General Assembly, 94 states support a Mauritius-sponsored resolution to seek an advisory opinion from the International Court of Justice on the legal status of the disputed Chagos Archipelago. ](/news/2017/06/22/in-a-vote-at-the-united-nations-general-assembly-94-states-support-a-mauritius-sponsored-resolution-to-seek-an-advisory-opinion-from-the-in.md) _Context: United Nations General Assembly_
10. [Iran fires medium range ballistic missiles from western Iran to ISIL targets in Deir ez-Zor Governorate, eastern Syria, in retaliation for the June 7 Tehran attacks. ](/news/2017/06/18/iran-fires-medium-range-ballistic-missiles-from-western-iran-to-isil-targets-in-deir-ez-zor-governorate-eastern-syria-in-retaliation-for-t.md) _Context: Iran_
