### [2006-09-25](/news/2006/09/25/index.md)

#  Chen Liangyu, the Shanghai Communist Party of China General Secretary and a senior member of the Shanghai clique, is dismissed for corruption. 

Find the latest business news on Wall Street, jobs and the economy, the housing market, personal finance and money investments and much more on ABC News


### Source:

1. [ABC](http://abcnews.go.com/Business/wireStory?id=2486562)

### Related:

1. [ The Communist Party of China expels nine senior officials and business leaders over a Shanghai corruption scandal related to misuse of Government pension funds. The nine people will also face criminal charges. ](/news/2007/03/2/the-communist-party-of-china-expels-nine-senior-officials-and-business-leaders-over-a-shanghai-corruption-scandal-related-to-misuse-of-gove.md) _Context: Communist Party of China, Shanghai_
2. [Political reshuffle in the Zhejiang governor Li Qiang is transferred to neighbouring Jiangsu province to serve as party chief. He is succeeded as Zhejiang governor by Xinjiang deputy party chief Che Jun. ](/news/2016/07/4/political-reshuffle-in-the-zhejiang-governor-li-qiang-is-transferred-to-neighbouring-jiangsu-province-to-serve-as-party-chief-he-is-succeed.md) _Context: Communist Party of China_
3. [Political reshuffle in the Luo Huining leaves his position as party chief of Qinghai and becomes party chief of Shanxi province, replacing Wang Rulin. ](/news/2016/06/30/political-reshuffle-in-the-luo-huining-leaves-his-position-as-party-chief-of-qinghai-and-becomes-party-chief-of-shanxi-province-replacing-w.md) _Context: Communist Party of China_
4. [Authorities in China sentence Huang Yu, a computer technician from Sichuan who worked for a government department which handled state secrets, to death for leaking more than 150,000 classified documents to an unidentified foreign power. The documents in question covered secrets ranging from the ruling Communist Party to military and financial issues. ](/news/2016/04/19/authorities-in-china-sentence-huang-yu-a-computer-technician-from-sichuan-who-worked-for-a-government-department-which-handled-state-secret.md) _Context: Communist Party of China_
5. [Wei Hong is removed as the Governor of China's Sichuan province due to perceived disloyalty to the Communist Party. ](/news/2016/02/5/wei-hong-is-removed-as-the-governor-of-china-s-sichuan-province-due-to-perceived-disloyalty-to-the-communist-party.md) _Context: Communist Party of China_
6. [Human rights activists claim that three pro-democracy advocates have been sentenced to up to five years imprisonment on charges of attempting to overthrow the Communist Party government in Guangzhou. ](/news/2016/01/29/human-rights-activists-claim-that-three-pro-democracy-advocates-have-been-sentenced-to-up-to-five-years-imprisonment-on-charges-of-attemptin.md) _Context: Communist Party of China_
7. [The two-child policy takes effect in China, allowing couples in the country to have at most two children, replacing the controversial one-child policy. The change in law was announced by the ruling Communist Party on October 29 and passed the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress on December 27, five days prior to its effect. ](/news/2016/01/1/the-two-child-policy-takes-effect-in-china-allowing-couples-in-the-country-to-have-at-most-two-children-replacing-the-controversial-one-ch.md) _Context: Communist Party of China_
8. [Air Canada Flight 88, a scheduled flight from Shanghai to Toronto, diverts to Calgary International Airport after the aircraft, a Boeing 777, encountered violent turbulence. Twenty-one passengers, including three children, were taken to hospital. ](/news/2015/12/31/air-canada-flight-88-a-scheduled-flight-from-shanghai-to-toronto-diverts-to-calgary-international-airport-after-the-aircraft-a-boeing-777.md) _Context: Shanghai_
9. [Chinese human rights lawyer Pu Zhiqiang goes on trial in Beijing for online social commentary critical of the ruling Communist Party. ](/news/2015/12/14/chinese-human-rights-lawyer-pu-zhiqiang-goes-on-trial-in-beijing-for-online-social-commentary-critical-of-the-ruling-communist-party.md) _Context: Communist Party of China_
10. [The USS Stethem visits Shanghai, signaling that relations between the two countries continue despite tensions over the recent USS Lassen cruise near artificial islands constructed by China. The navies of the two nations plan combined maritime exercise as well. ](/news/2015/11/16/the-uss-stethem-visits-shanghai-signaling-that-relations-between-the-two-countries-continue-despite-tensions-over-the-recent-uss-lassen-cru.md) _Context: Shanghai_
