### [2006-09-25](/news/2006/09/25/index.md)

#  Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad says that rabbis are more critical of Zionism and the "Zionist regime" than he has been. He expresses hope that "God willing, with the force of God behind it, we shall soon experience a world without the United States and Zionism." 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera.com](http://www.aljazeera.com/me.asp?service_id=11990)

### Related:

1. [ Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad threatens to pull Iran out of the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty if the United States and the EU 3 do not accept Iran's nuclear program. ](/news/2006/05/7/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-threatens-to-pull-iran-out-of-the-nuclear-nonproliferation-treaty-if-the-united-states-and-the-eu-3-d.md) _Context: Iranian President, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, United States_
2. [Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad rejects the country's once effective family planning program as an "ungodly Western import" and urges girls to marry at age of 16. ](/news/2010/11/21/iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-rejects-the-country-s-once-effective-family-planning-program-as-an-ungodly-western-import-and-urges.md) _Context: Iranian President, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
3. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says that Lebanon is becoming a "satellite" of Iran after it hosts a controversial visit by Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, who again "predicts" Israel's destruction at a Hezbollah rally in southern Lebanon. ](/news/2010/10/14/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-says-that-lebanon-is-becoming-a-satellite-of-iran-after-it-hosts-a-controversial-visit-by-irania.md) _Context: Iranian President, Mahmoud Ahmadinejad_
4. [The United States and other western nations including Britain, Sweden, Australia, Belgium, Uruguay and Spain walk out of the United Nations General Assembly following claims by the President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad that the "majority of the American people as well as most nations and politicians around the world" say that the 9/11 attacks were the work of the Government of the United States trying to protect Israel. ](/news/2010/09/23/the-united-states-and-other-western-nations-including-britain-sweden-australia-belgium-uruguay-and-spain-walk-out-of-the-united-nations.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, United States_
5. [President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad asks that the United States stop using what he describes as "cowboy logic" if it wants to engage in dialogue with Iran over its nuclear programme, adding that he would support negotiations. ](/news/2010/07/19/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-asks-that-the-united-states-stop-using-what-he-describes-as-cowboy-logic-if-it-wants-to-engage-in-di.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, United States_
6. [President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has applied for a visa to visit the United States next week for the Non-Proliferation Treaty review conference, and State Department spokesman Philip Crowley has said they will likely be approved, although "a face-to-face meeting between a US diplomat and an Iranian diplomat is highly unlikely" ](/news/2010/04/28/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-has-applied-for-a-visa-to-visit-the-united-states-next-week-for-the-non-proliferation-treaty-review-co.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, United States_
7. [The United States weakens proposed sanctions against Iran in a bid to win broader support on the UN Security Council as Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad dismisses the impact of any new measures to stop Iran's nuclear program. ](/news/2010/03/25/the-united-states-weakens-proposed-sanctions-against-iran-in-a-bid-to-win-broader-support-on-the-un-security-council-as-iranian-president-ma.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, United States_
8. [ The President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad indicates that he does not expect an attack by the United States or Israel because he considers George W. Bush to be a lame duck president. ](/news/2008/07/8/the-president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-indicates-that-he-does-not-expect-an-attack-by-the-united-states-or-israel-because-he-considers-g.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, United States_
9. [ The President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad accuses the United States of plotting to kidnap and assassinate him during a visit to Iraq. ](/news/2008/06/19/the-president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-accuses-the-united-states-of-plotting-to-kidnap-and-assassinate-him-during-a-visit-to-iraq.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, United States_
10. [ The President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad speaks at Columbia University stating that Americans should look into "who was truly involved" in the September 11, 2001 attacks, defending his right to denial of the Holocaust, and denying the existence of gay Iranians. ](/news/2007/09/24/the-president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-speaks-at-columbia-university-stating-that-americans-should-look-into-who-was-truly-involved-in.md) _Context: Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, United States_
