### [2006-09-25](/news/2006/09/25/index.md)

#  Up to a million cluster bomblets discharged by Israel in its conflict with Hezbollah remain unexploded in southern Lebanon, the UN has said. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/middle_east/5382192.stm)

### Related:

1. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict:: The US and France have agreed on the wording of a UN resolution to end the fighting between Israel and Hezbollah.](/news/2006/08/5/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-the-us-and-france-have-agreed-on-the-wording-of-a-un-resolution-to-end-the-fighting-between-israel-and-hezbo.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, UN_
2. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict:: Israel claims that Hezbollah fired 10 Katyusha rockets into Southern Lebanon with none reaching Israel. ](/news/2006/08/15/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-israel-claims-that-hezbollah-fired-10-katyusha-rockets-into-southern-lebanon-with-none-reaching-israel.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, Southern Lebanon_
3. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict:: Israeli government endorses the UN Security Council resolution calling for an end to fighting in southern Lebanon. ](/news/2006/08/13/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-israeli-government-endorses-the-un-security-council-resolution-calling-for-an-end-to-fighting-in-southern-le.md) _Context: Israel, Southern Lebanon, UN_
4. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict:: Hostilities between Israel and Hezbollah militants in Lebanon must stop immediately, UN Secretary General Kofi Annan has said.](/news/2006/07/20/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-hostilities-between-israel-and-hezbollah-militants-in-lebanon-must-stop-immediately-un-secretary-general-ko.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel, UN_
5. [March 2017 Israel-Syria incident: In response to several Israeli airstrikes against suspected Hezbollah-related targets inside Syria, Syrian president Bashar al-Assad has threatened wider war with the State of Israel, stating its intention to fire Scud missiles, and specifically target the Israeli city of Haifa. Israel responded by stating that any such actions by the Assad regime, or attacks on its aircraft, will cause Israel to "annihilate" Syrian air defense systems. ](/news/2017/03/25/march-2017-israel-syria-incident-in-response-to-several-israeli-airstrikes-against-suspected-hezbollah-related-targets-inside-syria-syri.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel_
6. [Israel-Iran proxy conflict: Allegedly Israeli fighter jets strike a suspected Hezbollah weapons convoy near Damascus, Syria. ](/news/2016/11/30/israel-iran-proxy-conflict-allegedly-israeli-fighter-jets-strike-a-suspected-hezbollah-weapons-convoy-near-damascus-syria.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel_
7. [Syrian Civil War: A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/syrian-civil-war-a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-nati.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel_
8. [Israeli-Lebanese conflict: Israeli security forces claim that Hezbollah and forces loyal to the President of Syria Bashar al-Assad are responsible for firing rockets from Syrian territory onto the Golan Heights into the mount Hermon sky resort. ](/news/2015/01/27/israeli-lebanese-conflict-israeli-security-forces-claim-that-hezbollah-and-forces-loyal-to-the-president-of-syria-bashar-al-assad-are-res.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel_
9. [Operation Protective Edge: A 72-hour ceasefire brokered by the UN and USA which began at 08:00 falls apart with each side accusing the other party of breaching the ceasefire. An Israeli soldier is kidnapped and several killed during a suicide bomber attack at 09:30, according to Israeli officials. 91 Palestinians were killed in the city of Rafah south of Gaza according to the Gaza Officials since the Israeli soldier was captured. The UN and USA strongly condemn the attack. The ceasefire was cancelled. ](/news/2014/08/1/operation-protective-edge-a-72-hour-ceasefire-brokered-by-the-un-and-usa-which-began-at-08-00-falls-apart-with-each-side-accusing-the-other.md) _Context: Israel, UN_
10. [A Hezbollah official Hassan al-Lakkis is assassinated outside his home in Hadath, south of the Lebanese capital Beirut with Hezbollah blaming Israel. ](/news/2013/12/4/a-hezbollah-official-hassan-al-lakkis-is-assassinated-outside-his-home-in-hadath-south-of-the-lebanese-capital-beirut-with-hezbollah-blamin.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Israel_
