### [2015-02-18](/news/2015/02/18/index.md)

# Australian David Hicks wins an appeal in the U.S. Court of Military Commission Review against his conviction for providing material support to terrorism in 2007 in a U.S. Navy court in Guantanamo Bay. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Sky News Australia](http://www.skynews.com.au/news/top-stories/2015/02/19/david-hicks-wins-challenge-to-conviction.html)

### Related:

1. [ The first terrorism trial of a Guantanamo Bay inmate begins with Salim Ahmed Hamdan, the former driver and bodyguard of Osama bin Laden, pleading not guilty. ](/news/2008/07/21/the-first-terrorism-trial-of-a-guantanamo-bay-inmate-begins-with-salim-ahmed-hamdan-the-former-driver-and-bodyguard-of-osama-bin-laden-pl.md) _Context: Guantanamo Bay, terrorism_
2. [ Australian David Hicks is released from Yatala Labour Prison, South Australia, after his jail sentence for providing material support for terrorism ends, following his earlier detainment at Guantanamo Bay. ](/news/2007/12/29/australian-david-hicks-is-released-from-yatala-labour-prison-south-australia-after-his-jail-sentence-for-providing-material-support-for-t.md) _Context: David Hicks, terrorism_
3. [Aftermath of the USS "John S. McCain" collision: The United States Navy relieves vice admiral Joseph Aucoin as commander of the United States Seventh Fleet following four collisions in Asia this year that claimed the lives of 17 sailors. ](/news/2017/08/23/aftermath-of-the-uss-john-s-mccain-collision-the-united-states-navy-relieves-vice-admiral-joseph-aucoin-as-commander-of-the-united-state.md) _Context: United States Navy_
4. [Shipwrecks in 2017: The United States Navy's USS "John S. McCain" collides with the Liberian-flagged "Alnic" MC near Singapore. Rescue efforts are underway with ten sailors reported as missing. ](/news/2017/08/21/shipwrecks-in-2017-the-united-states-navy-s-uss-john-s-mccain-collides-with-the-liberian-flagged-alnic-mc-near-singapore-rescue-effor.md) _Context: United States Navy_
5. [USS "Fitzgerald" and MV "ACX Crystal" collision: The US Navy has announced that about a dozen sailors of the USS "Fitzgerald" are to be disciplined in the aftermath of the collision with a container ship last June, where 7 crew members died. ](/news/2017/08/17/uss-fitzgerald-and-mv-acx-crystal-collision-the-us-navy-has-announced-that-about-a-dozen-sailors-of-the-uss-fitzgerald-are-to-be-disc.md) _Context: United States Navy_
6. [Iran-United States relations: The United States Navy says the USS "Thunderbolt" fired a warning shot at an Iranian patrol boat after it came within 150 yards of the U.S. ship. ](/news/2017/07/25/iran-united-states-relations-the-united-states-navy-says-the-uss-thunderbolt-fired-a-warning-shot-at-an-iranian-patrol-boat-after-it-ca.md) _Context: United States Navy_
7. [USS "Fitzgerald" and MV "ACX Crystal" collision: Rescuers find the bodies of seven United States Navy sailors who were missing after the prior day's collision between the USS "Fitzgerald" and the MV "ACX Crysta"l off the coast of Yokosuka, Japan. ](/news/2017/06/18/uss-fitzgerald-and-mv-acx-crystal-collision-rescuers-find-the-bodies-of-seven-united-states-navy-sailors-who-were-missing-after-the-pri.md) _Context: United States Navy_
8. [USS "Fitzgerald" and MV "ACX Crystal" collision: The USS "Fitzgerald", a United States Navy destroyer, collides with a merchant ship MV "ACX Crystal" off the coast of Japan at around 2:30 a.m. local time, with seven American sailors reported missing. The ship was taking on water and able to operate at limited propulsion. ](/news/2017/06/17/uss-fitzgerald-and-mv-acx-crystal-collision-the-uss-fitzgerald-a-united-states-navy-destroyer-collides-with-a-merchant-ship-mv-acx.md) _Context: United States Navy_
9. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: terrorism_
10. [A U.S. Navy F/A-18 Hornet crashes in the Celebes Sea off the Philippines during an attempted landing on the USS "Carl Vinson". The pilot ejected and was recovered safely. ](/news/2017/04/21/a-u-s-navy-f-a-18-hornet-crashes-in-the-celebes-sea-off-the-philippines-during-an-attempted-landing-on-the-uss-carl-vinson-the-pilot-eje.md) _Context: United States Navy_
