### [2015-02-18](/news/2015/02/18/index.md)

# Islamic State. The United Nations Security Council meets to discuss the recent beheadings of 21 Coptic Christians in Libya. 

THE UN Security Council will meet Wednesday to discuss the situation in Libya after the apparent IS execution of 21 Egyptian Christians, with Egypt&#39;s foreign minister... 


### Source:

1. [AFP via Newvision](http://www.newvision.co.ug/news/664956-un-security-council-to-meet-wednesday-on-libya.html)

### Related:

1. [Libyan Civil War. In response to the U.N.-backed Government of National Accord's plea, the United Nations Security Council blacklists the tanker shipping crude oil by the unrecognized rival House of Representatives government in eastern Libya. ](/news/2016/04/28/libyan-civil-war-in-response-to-the-u-n-backed-government-of-national-accord-s-plea-the-united-nations-security-council-blacklists-the-ta.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations Security Council_
2. [Libyan Civil War. The unrecognized House of Representatives, one of the rival governments based in eastern Libya, ships its first cargo of crude oil in defiance of the U.N.-backed authorities in the capital Tripoli in a move that could deepen divisions within the country. The Tripoli-based government asked the United Nations Security Council yesterday to blacklist the tanker. ](/news/2016/04/27/libyan-civil-war-the-unrecognized-house-of-representatives-one-of-the-rival-governments-based-in-eastern-libya-ships-its-first-cargo-of-c.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations Security Council_
3. [Qatar withdraws its ambassador from Egypt following disagreement over Egyptian Air Force strikes against Islamic State targets in Libya after the execution of 21 Coptic Christian hostages by Islamic State. ](/news/2015/02/19/qatar-withdraws-its-ambassador-from-egypt-following-disagreement-over-egyptian-air-force-strikes-against-islamic-state-targets-in-libya-afte.md) _Context: Libya, execution of 21 Coptic Christian_
4. [ Libyan Civil War (2014-present). Egypt bombs Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant targets in the city of Derna in Libya following the execution of 21 Coptic Christians recently. ](/news/2015/02/16/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-egypt-bombs-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-targets-in-the-city-of-derna-in-libya-following-the-exe.md) _Context: Coptic, Libya_
5. [Aftermath of Libyan civil war:. The United Nations Security Council confirms that the NATO-enforced no-fly zone over Libya will be terminated on October 31. ](/news/2011/10/27/aftermath-of-libyan-civil-war-the-united-nations-security-council-confirms-that-the-nato-enforced-no-fly-zone-over-libya-will-be-terminate.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations Security Council_
6. [ Libya, Vietnam, Burkina Faso, Croatia and Costa Rica are elected to the United Nations Security Council as non-permanent members. ](/news/2007/10/16/libya-vietnam-burkina-faso-croatia-and-costa-rica-are-elected-to-the-united-nations-security-council-as-non-permanent-members.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations Security Council_
7. [North Korea and the United Nations. The United Nations Security Council votes 15-0 to impose sanctions on North Korea for its intercontinental ballistic missile tests. ](/news/2017/08/5/north-korea-and-the-united-nations-the-united-nations-security-council-votes-15-0-to-impose-sanctions-on-north-korea-for-its-intercontine.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. 2017 Temple Mount crisis. A United Nations Security Council session is to be held to address the escalating violence in Jerusalem. ](/news/2017/07/22/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-a-united-nations-security-council-session-is-to-be-held-to-address-the-escalating.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
9. [European Union-Libya relations. The European Union restricts the exports of inflatable boats to Libya. ](/news/2017/07/17/european-union-libya-relations-the-european-union-restricts-the-exports-of-inflatable-boats-to-libya.md) _Context: Libya_
10. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis. Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognize.md) _Context: Libya_
