### [2015-02-18](/news/2015/02/18/index.md)

# The United Nations Security Council meets to discuss the recent beheadings of 21 Coptic Christians in Libya. 

THE UN Security Council will meet Wednesday to discuss the situation in Libya after the apparent IS execution of 21 Egyptian Christians, with Egypt&#39;s foreign minister... 


### Source:

1. [AFP via Newvision](http://www.newvision.co.ug/news/664956-un-security-council-to-meet-wednesday-on-libya.html)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.newvision.co.ug/w-images/ef4ff8e2-10f7-4177-bfd2-f3203f0c0f0a/7/2015_2largeimg217_Feb_2015_211836210-350x250.jpg)

### Related:

1. [In response to the U.N.-backed Government of National Accord's plea, the United Nations Security Council blacklists the tanker shipping crude oil by the unrecognized rival House of Representatives government in eastern Libya. ](/news/2016/04/28/in-response-to-the-u-n-backed-government-of-national-accord-s-plea-the-united-nations-security-council-blacklists-the-tanker-shipping-crud.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations Security Council_
2. [The unrecognized House of Representatives, one of the rival governments based in eastern Libya, ships its first cargo of crude oil in defiance of the U.N.-backed authorities in the capital Tripoli in a move that could deepen divisions within the country. The Tripoli-based government asked the United Nations Security Council yesterday to blacklist the tanker. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-unrecognized-house-of-representatives-one-of-the-rival-governments-based-in-eastern-libya-ships-its-first-cargo-of-crude-oil-in-defian.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations Security Council_
3. [Qatar withdraws its ambassador from Egypt following disagreement over Egyptian Air Force strikes against Islamic State targets in Libya after the execution of 21 Coptic Christian hostages by Islamic State. ](/news/2015/02/19/qatar-withdraws-its-ambassador-from-egypt-following-disagreement-over-egyptian-air-force-strikes-against-islamic-state-targets-in-libya-afte.md) _Context: Libya, execution of 21 Coptic Christian_
4. [Egypt bombs Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant targets in the city of Derna in Libya following the execution of 21 Coptic Christians recently. ](/news/2015/02/16/egypt-bombs-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-targets-in-the-city-of-derna-in-libya-following-the-execution-of-21-coptic-christians-recen.md) _Context: Coptic, Libya_
5. [The United Nations Security Council confirms that the NATO-enforced no-fly zone over Libya will be terminated on October 31. ](/news/2011/10/27/the-united-nations-security-council-confirms-that-the-nato-enforced-no-fly-zone-over-libya-will-be-terminated-on-october-31.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations Security Council_
6. [ Libya, Vietnam, Burkina Faso, Croatia and Costa Rica are elected to the United Nations Security Council as non-permanent members. ](/news/2007/10/16/libya-vietnam-burkina-faso-croatia-and-costa-rica-are-elected-to-the-united-nations-security-council-as-non-permanent-members.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations Security Council_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The United States vetoes a United Nations Security Council resolution (sponsored by Algeria and Libya) condemning the killing by Israel of Sheikh Ahmed Yassin along with six other Palestinians outside a mosque in Gaza City and calling for a complete cessation of executions. The veto is publicly motivated by the resolution making no mention of suicide bombings committed by Hamas and attributed to Yassin. 11 votes are recorded in favour, with three (United Kingdom, Germany, and Romania) abstaining and one (the United States) against. ](/news/2004/03/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-united-states-vetoes-a-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-algeria-and-libya-condem.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations Security Council_
8. [The Philippines suspends trade relations with North Korea to comply with a recent United Nations Security Council resolution over its repeated missile tests. ](/news/2017/09/8/the-philippines-suspends-trade-relations-with-north-korea-to-comply-with-a-recent-united-nations-security-council-resolution-over-its-repeat.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
9. [At least five migrants have died and ninety are missing after their boat sinks off the western coast of Libya. ](/news/2017/09/21/at-least-five-migrants-have-died-and-ninety-are-missing-after-their-boat-sinks-off-the-western-coast-of-libya.md) _Context: Libya_
10. [The United Nations Security Council approves new sanctions on North Korea, limiting refined petroleum imports and banning textile exports, in response to its recent nuclear test. ](/news/2017/09/11/the-united-nations-security-council-approves-new-sanctions-on-north-korea-limiting-refined-petroleum-imports-and-banning-textile-exports-i.md) _Context: United Nations Security Council_
