### [2015-02-18](/news/2015/02/18/index.md)

# The Government of India approves the construction of seven stealth frigates and six nuclear submarines for the Indian Navy. 

The Modi government has cleared the indigenous construction of seven stealth frigates and six nuclear-powered attack submarines, which together will cost well upwards of Rs 1 lakh crore.


### Source:

1. [Times of India](http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/Govt-approves-construction-of-7-stealth-frigates-6-nuclear-powered-submarines/articleshow/46281364.cms)

### Related:

1. [ Piracy in Somalia:. The Indian Navy frigate INS "Tabar" destroys a pirate ship and forces the abandonment of another pirate vessel off the coast of Somalia. ](/news/2008/11/19/piracy-in-somalia-the-indian-navy-frigate-ins-tabar-destroys-a-pirate-ship-and-forces-the-abandonment-of-another-pirate-vessel-off-the.md) _Context: Indian Navy, frigate_
2. [The Government of India revokes the Public Health Foundation of India's registration, allegedly for foreign-funded lobbying practices. ](/news/2017/04/20/the-government-of-india-revokes-the-public-health-foundation-of-india-s-registration-allegedly-for-foreign-funded-lobbying-practices.md) _Context: Government of India_
3. [The Editors Guild of India protests the Indian Government's order to shut down Hindi news channel NDTV India for 24 hours alleging the channel's coverage of January-s deadly attack on Pathankot air base revealed sensitive military secrets. NDTV denies the charges, and says it will challenge this unprecedented order. ](/news/2016/11/4/the-editors-guild-of-india-protests-the-indian-government-s-order-to-shut-down-hindi-news-channel-ndtv-india-for-24-hours-alleging-the-chann.md) _Context: Government of India_
4. [An Indian Air Force AN32 carrying 29 people on board has gone missing over the Bay of Bengal while en route to Port Blair in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands. The Indian Navy has launched a search and rescue operation. ](/news/2016/07/22/an-indian-air-force-an32-carrying-29-people-on-board-has-gone-missing-over-the-bay-of-bengal-while-en-route-to-port-blair-in-the-andaman-and.md) _Context: Indian Navy_
5. [Jat reservation agitation. Jat protesters reach an agreement with the Indian government on increased reservations similar to those authorized for economically disadvantaged lower castes. Authorities say at least 19 people have been killed in the three-day demonstrations. Protest leaders call for reopening blockaded roads in the northern state of Haryana. Water restrictions, implemented after protesters damaged the water station's New Dehli feed, remain in effect while engineers repair the equipment. ](/news/2016/02/22/jat-reservation-agitation-jat-protesters-reach-an-agreement-with-the-indian-government-on-increased-reservations-similar-to-those-authorize.md) _Context: Government of India_
6. [Taiwan-United States relations. Territorial disputes in the South China Sea. The United States announces a deal to sell $1.83 billion worth of arms to Taiwan, which includes two decommissioned U.S. Navy frigates, Assault Amphibious Vehicles, and surface-to-air missiles. China has also expressed its disapproval over the deal, claiming it would affect their internal affairs. ](/news/2015/12/16/taiwan-united-states-relations-territorial-disputes-in-the-south-china-sea-the-united-states-announces-a-deal-to-sell-1-83-billion-wort.md) _Context: frigate_
7. [Elements from the maritime forces of India, Japan, and the United States engage in joint military exercises in the Bay of Bengal. ](/news/2015/10/19/elements-from-the-maritime-forces-of-india-japan-and-the-united-states-engage-in-joint-military-exercises-in-the-bay-of-bengal.md) _Context: Indian Navy_
8. [The Government of India deploys the Army to the state of Gujarat after two days of caste-related violence results in seven deaths. ](/news/2015/08/27/the-government-of-india-deploys-the-army-to-the-state-of-gujarat-after-two-days-of-caste-related-violence-results-in-seven-deaths.md) _Context: Government of India_
9. [Aircraft carrier INS Vikramaditya is commissioned into the Indian Navy at the Russian shipbuilding complex of Sevmash in Severodvinsk, ending a five-year delay to the $2.33 billion project. Russian deputy Prime Minister Dmitry Rogozin and Indian Defense Minister AK Antony attend the handing over ceremony. ](/news/2013/11/16/aircraft-carrier-ins-vikramaditya-is-commissioned-into-the-indian-navy-at-the-russian-shipbuilding-complex-of-sevmash-in-severodvinsk-endin.md) _Context: Indian Navy_
10. [The Indian submarine INS Sindhurakshak (S63) sinks in Mumbai following a pair of onboard explosions killing 18 Indian Navy sailors. ](/news/2013/08/14/the-indian-submarine-ins-sindhurakshak-s63-sinks-in-mumbai-following-a-pair-of-onboard-explosions-killing-18-indian-navy-sailors.md) _Context: Indian Navy_
