### [2006-04-7](/news/2006/04/7/index.md)

#  For the second time in less than a week, a number of tornados strike the U.S. states of Tennessee, Kentucky, and Indiana. 

Residents labored Saturday to begin rebuilding a day after tornadoes killed 12 people in Tennessee, the second wave of violent weather to hit the state in less than a week.


### Source:

1. [FOX News](http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,191016,00.html)

### Related:

1. [At least six people die and dozens injured as major storms, packed with tornadoes, move through the American South and Midwest. Three people died when a tornado hit northern Mississippi, one was killed in Arkansas and two more in Tennessee. Officials continue  searching into the night for the missing. ](/news/2015/12/23/at-least-six-people-die-and-dozens-injured-as-major-storms-packed-with-tornadoes-move-through-the-american-south-and-midwest-three-people.md) _Context: Tennessee, tornado_
2. [Glen Casada, a top Republican Tennessee lawmaker who is the chair of the state's House Republican Caucus, suggests activating the Tennessee National Guard to 'round up' Syrian refugees and remove them from the southeastern state, saying "Tennessee is a sovereign state, if the federal government is forsaking the obligation to protect our citizens, we need to act". ](/news/2015/11/18/glen-casada-a-top-republican-tennessee-lawmaker-who-is-the-chair-of-the-stateas-house-republican-caucus-suggests-activating-the-tennesse.md) _Context: Tennessee, state_
3. [Following the issuance of a rare High Risk for severe weather (only the fifth documented such case in November and also extending to areas further north than any previous known high risk issued in the November through February timeframe), several midwestern states in the United States are placed under multiple tornado watches, with multiple tornadoes touching down, causing at least four deaths and up to 50 injured in the area; one leveled parts of a suburb of Peoria, Illinois. Around six dozen tornadoes occur in total with activity most concentrated in Illinois and Indiana but extending from Tennessee to Michigan. ''](/news/2013/11/17/following-the-issuance-of-a-rare-high-risk-for-severe-weather-only-the-fifth-documented-such-case-in-november-and-also-extending-to-areas-f.md) _Context: Indiana, Tennessee_
4. [The death toll from a tornado outbreak in the US reaches at least 36, with casualties reported in Kentucky, Indiana, Alabama, Georgia and Ohio. ](/news/2012/03/3/the-death-toll-from-a-tornado-outbreak-in-the-us-reaches-at-least-36-with-casualties-reported-in-kentucky-indiana-alabama-georgia-and-oh.md) _Context: Indiana, Kentucky_
5. [A tornado touches down in the US city of Louisville, Kentucky near the University of Louisville Belknap campus, damaging some buildings at the Churchill Downs horse racing track. ](/news/2011/06/22/a-tornado-touches-down-in-the-us-city-of-louisville-kentucky-near-the-university-of-louisville-belknap-campus-damaging-some-buildings-at-t.md) _Context: Kentucky, tornado_
6. [U.S. tornado outbreak:Seven US states declare a state of emergency following heavy storms including Alabama, Arkansas, Kentucky, Mississippi, Missouri, Tennessee and Oklahoma. ](/news/2011/04/28/u-s-tornado-outbreak-pseven-us-states-declare-a-state-of-emergency-following-heavy-storms-including-alabama-arkansas-kentucky-mississipp.md) _Context: Kentucky, Tennessee_
7. [The death toll reaches 28 as flooding from weekend storms worsens in southern US towns and cities, including Nashville in Middle Tennessee, and parts of Kentucky, Alabama and Mississippi. ](/news/2010/05/3/the-death-toll-reaches-28-as-flooding-from-weekend-storms-worsens-in-southern-us-towns-and-cities-including-nashville-in-middle-tennessee.md) _Context: Kentucky, Tennessee_
8. [Tennessee state senator and former Army flight surgeon Mark E. Green withdraws his name from consideration as Secretary of the Army because of political opposition. Green was the Trump Administration's second nominee for this position. ](/news/2017/05/5/tennessee-state-senator-and-former-army-flight-surgeon-mark-e-green-withdraws-his-name-from-consideration-as-secretary-of-the-army-because.md) _Context: Tennessee_
9. [Robert Bentley, the Governor of Alabama, declares a state of emergency due to forecasts of storms with the threat of tornadoes during the day. The neighboring state of Georgia also faces the threat of severe weather. ](/news/2017/04/4/robert-bentley-the-governor-of-alabama-declares-a-state-of-emergency-due-to-forecasts-of-storms-with-the-threat-of-tornadoes-during-the-da.md) _Context: tornado_
10. [The death tolls from tornadoes and floods in the midwestern and southern United States rises to ten with two people missing. ](/news/2017/04/30/the-death-tolls-from-tornadoes-and-floods-in-the-midwestern-and-southern-united-states-rises-to-ten-with-two-people-missing.md) _Context: tornado_
