### [2012-09-13](/news/2012/09/13/index.md)

# Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev calls for Russian punk band Pussy Riot to be freed, saying that their further imprisonment is "unproductive". 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2012/sep/12/medvedev-says-free-pussy-riot)

### Related:

1. [Russia-United States relations: President of the United States Donald Trump signs the Countering America-s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act. Prime Minister of Russia Dmitry Medvedev calls it a "trade war". ](/news/2017/08/2/russia-united-states-relations-president-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-signs-the-countering-america-s-adversaries-through-sanctions.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, Prime Minister of Russia_
2. [Cold War II: At the 52nd Munich Security Conference in Germany, NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg says that NATO and Russia are "not in a cold-war situation but also not in the partnership that we established at the end of the Cold War" while the Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev says tensions between Russia and NATO have sent the world spiralling into a "new Cold War", blaming U.S. and European leaders for the souring of relations with Russia. He also rejected accusations that Russian warplanes have bombed civilians in Syria, saying it is "just not true". ](/news/2016/02/13/cold-war-ii-at-the-52nd-munich-security-conference-in-germany-nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-says-that-nato-and-russia-are-not-i.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, Prime Minister of Russia_
3. [The Prime Minister of Russia Dmitry Medvedev visits the disputed Kuril Islands prompting a protest from Japan. ](/news/2015/08/22/the-prime-minister-of-russia-dmitry-medvedev-visits-the-disputed-kuril-islands-prompting-a-protest-from-japan.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, Prime Minister of Russia_
4. [At the United Russia Congress, Prime Minister Vladimir Putin accepts President Dmitry Medvedev's proposal to run in the 2012 Russian presidential election. ](/news/2011/09/24/at-the-united-russia-congress-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-accepts-president-dmitry-medvedev-s-proposal-to-run-in-the-2012-russian-preside.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, Prime Minister of Russia_
5. [Russian President Dmitry Medvedev orders Prime Minister Vladimir Putin to remove his deputies on the boards of state companies by 1 July. ](/news/2011/04/3/russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-orders-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-to-remove-his-deputies-on-the-boards-of-state-companies-by-1-july.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, Prime Minister of Russia_
6. [ Russian President Dmitry Medvedev criticizes Prime Minister Vladimir Putin's government for not acting quickly enough to deal with the current financial crisis. ](/news/2009/01/11/russian-president-dmitry-medvedev-criticizes-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-s-government-for-not-acting-quickly-enough-to-deal-with-the-curr.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev, Prime Minister of Russia_
7. [Death and funeral of Helmut Kohl: World leaders such as Bill Clinton, Emmanuel Macron, Theresa May, Dmitry Medvedev and Angela Merkel attend the memorial service for the former West German leader Helmut Kohl. ](/news/2017/07/1/death-and-funeral-of-helmut-kohl-world-leaders-such-as-bill-clinton-emmanuel-macron-theresa-may-dmitry-medvedev-and-angela-merkel-attend.md) _Context: Dmitry Medvedev_
8. [Russia-Spain relations: A Spanish judge issues an arrest warrant for various individuals with links to organized crime from Russia. The list also includes former and current officials of the Russian government with close links to Russian President Vladimir Putin. Prominent officials include former Defense Minister Anatoliy Serdyukov and former Prime Minister Viktor Zubkov. The charges range from money laundering to assassination. ](/news/2016/05/3/russia-spain-relations-a-spanish-judge-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-various-individuals-with-links-to-organized-crime-from-russia-the-li.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Russia_
9. [Two members of the protest band Pussy Riot are left with chemical burns and head injuries after being attacked by a group of people in a McDonald's. ](/news/2014/03/6/two-members-of-the-protest-band-pussy-riot-are-left-with-chemical-burns-and-head-injuries-after-being-attacked-by-a-group-of-people-in-a-mcd.md) _Context: Pussy Riot_
10. [Nadezhda Tolokonnikova and Maria Alyokhina, former members of Pussy Riot, are arrested and subsequently released after protesting during the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi. ](/news/2014/02/19/nadezhda-tolokonnikova-and-maria-alyokhina-former-members-of-pussy-riot-are-arrested-and-subsequently-released-after-protesting-during-the.md) _Context: Pussy Riot_
