### [2013-04-4](/news/2013/04/4/index.md)

# A Palestinian, Naji Balbisi, dies from injuries he suffered during a clashes with Israeli forces in the West Bank city of Tulkarem, a day after his cousin, Amer al-Najjar, died in the clashes after they tried to firebomb a checkpoint. 

Abbas blames Israel for escalation in West Bank violence after two alleged firebombers are killed in Tulkarem


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2013/04/04/world/meast/west-bank-tensions)
2. [The Times of Israel](http://www.timesofisrael.com/palestinians-riot-in-hebron-as-prisoner-is-laid-to-rest/)

### Related:

1. [A Palestinian protestor is killed by Israeli forces after hurling stones and incendiary bottles in the West Bank. ](/news/2013/03/12/a-palestinian-protestor-is-killed-by-israeli-forces-after-hurling-stones-and-incendiary-bottles-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
2. [Israel presses on with the construction of thousands of new homes in West Bank and East Jerusalem, despite worldwide criticism and suggestions that officials in Palestine may go to the International Criminal Court. ](/news/2012/12/19/israel-presses-on-with-the-construction-of-thousands-of-new-homes-in-west-bank-and-east-jerusalem-despite-worldwide-criticism-and-suggestio.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
3. [Palestinians stone an Israeli car travelling through the West Bank resulting in a 12-year-old being injured. ](/news/2010/09/2/palestinians-stone-an-israeli-car-travelling-through-the-west-bank-resulting-in-a-12-year-old-being-injured.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
4. [The body of a Palestinian teenager said to have been shot dead by Jewish settlers is found. He is the first to die since Israel and the Palestinian National Authority began indirect peace talks on Saturday. In a retaliation shooting, the Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades claims responsibility for firing on a car of Jewish civilians in the West Bank. ](/news/2010/05/14/the-body-of-a-palestinian-teenager-said-to-have-been-shot-dead-by-jewish-settlers-is-found-he-is-the-first-to-die-since-israel-and-the-pale.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
5. [Ahmad Sabah, a Palestinian with a Gaza ID card, claims the new Israeli military order on deportations is behind his release to Gaza instead of the West Bank where he lived before his detainment in 2001. ](/news/2010/04/22/ahmad-sabah-a-palestinian-with-a-gaza-id-card-claims-the-new-israeli-military-order-on-deportations-is-behind-his-release-to-gaza-instead.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
6. [Palestinian officials say they will oppose new Israeli orders on deporting Palestinians from the West Bank. ](/news/2010/04/20/palestinian-officials-say-they-will-oppose-new-israeli-orders-on-deporting-palestinians-from-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue. IDF planes and artillery strike Gaza knocking out power to parts of the city, destroy a bridge in Beit Hanoun, fire missiles at a Fatah Youth Centre, an office and a refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip. Israeli troops later raided offices of Hamas and Islamic Jihad in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-idf-planes-and-artillery-strike-gaza-knocking-out-power-to.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue. The Israel Defense Forces strikes three bridges in the Gaza Strip and a money-changer in Khan Younis, while a further 82 people were arrested in the West Bank. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4285490.stm (BBC)], [http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L27659513.htm (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 22:31, 14 January 2007 (UTC)), [http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/B6F73DEB-7DDD-4EFC-BDCA-FA695BDF2ABE.htm (Al Jazeera)], [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/629780.html (Haaretz)] (Link dead as of 22:31, 14 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/09/27/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-the-israel-defense-forces-strikes-three-bridges-in-the-gaza.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
9. [ The Israeli Defense Force launches Operation First Rain, a series of air strikes on Palestinian targets in the Gaza Strip, including an alleged Hamas weapons factory and a children's school. According to Israel the operation's goal is to stop shelling of southern Israeli towns and villages by Palestinian militants, though several civilians have been injured, including an infant. At least 200 Palestinians have been arrested in overnight IDF raids in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/25/the-israeli-defense-force-launches-operation-first-rain-a-series-of-air-strikes-on-palestinian-targets-in-the-gaza-strip-including-an-all.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian, West Bank_
10. [Israel arrests Palestinian lawmaker Khalida Jarrar over allegations of her inciting of violence. ](/news/2017/07/2/israel-arrests-palestinian-lawmaker-khalida-jarrar-over-allegations-of-her-inciting-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinian_
