### [2013-04-4](/news/2013/04/4/index.md)

# The first legs of the 2012-13 UEFA Europa League quarter-finals are held in Europe. Fernando Torres scores twice and helps Chelsea to a 3-1 defeat of Rubin Kazan. 

Fernando Torres scores twice as Chelsea establish a first-leg lead over Rubin Kazan in the Europa League quarter-final.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/sport/0/football/21963641)

### Related:

1. [The second legs of the 2012-13 UEFA Europa League round of 32 are held across Europe. Among the football teams eliminated are titleholders Atletico Madrid, Ajax (in the first ever penalty shootout in the knockout phase of the competition) and European giants Liverpool, while both London sides left, Tottenham and Chelsea, advance into the last 16. ](/news/2013/02/21/the-second-legs-of-the-2012a13-uefa-europa-league-round-of-32-are-held-across-europe-among-the-football-teams-eliminated-are-titleholders.md) _Context: 2012-13 UEFA Europa League, Chelsea F.C., Europe, quarter-finals_
2. [The 2012-13 UEFA Europa League Round of 32 and Round of 16 draw is held in Nyon, Switzerland. Europa League title holders Atletico Madrid will play Rubin Kazan while Champions League title holders Chelsea will face Sparta Prague. ](/news/2012/12/20/the-2012a13-uefa-europa-league-round-of-32-and-round-of-16-draw-is-held-in-nyon-switzerland-europa-league-title-holders-atla-c-tico-madrid.md) _Context: 2012-13 UEFA Europa League, Chelsea F.C., Rubin Kazan, quarter-finals_
3. [The first legs of the 2012-13 UEFA Europa League round of 16 are held across Europe. Gareth Bale helps Tottenham to a 3-0 defeat of Inter Milan. ](/news/2013/03/7/the-first-legs-of-the-2012a13-uefa-europa-league-round-of-16-are-held-across-europe-gareth-bale-helps-tottenham-to-a-3a0-defeat-of-inte.md) _Context: 2012-13 UEFA Europa League, Europe, quarter-finals_
4. [The second legs of the 2012-13 UEFA Europa League round of 16 are held across Europe. Emmanuel Adebayor's extra-time goal earns Tottenham Hotspur a place in the quarter-finals after their loss 1-4 to Inter Milan. ](/news/2013/03/14/the-second-legs-of-the-2012a13-uefa-europa-league-round-of-16-are-held-across-europe-emmanuel-adebayor-s-extra-time-goal-earns-tottenham.md) _Context: 2012-13 UEFA Europa League, Europe, quarter-finals_
5. [The draw for the semi-finals of the 2012-13 UEFA Europa League is held in Nyon, Switzerland. Basel will play Chelsea while Fenerbahce will face Benfica. ](/news/2013/04/12/the-draw-for-the-semi-finals-of-the-2012a13-uefa-europa-league-is-held-in-nyon-switzerland-basel-will-play-chelsea-while-fenerbahasse-wil.md) _Context: 2012-13 UEFA Europa League, Chelsea F.C._
6. [Chelsea lose their unbeaten league record against Manchester United as Manchester United wins 3-2 at Stamford Bridge. Referee Mark Clattenburg sends off Branislav Ivanovic and Fernando Torres. In addition, Javier Hernandez is pelted with objects after scoring the winning goal, a steward is injured and hospitalized, and Chelsea issue a formal complaint to the Premier League over the referee's alleged racial abuse of several players, including Mikel John Obi. ](/news/2012/10/28/chelsea-lose-their-unbeaten-league-record-against-manchester-united-as-manchester-united-wins-3-2-at-stamford-bridge-referee-mark-clattenbu.md) _Context: Chelsea F.C., Fernando Torres_
7. [Spanish striker Fernando Torres joins Chelsea from Liverpool in a PS50m transfer, a record for English football. ](/news/2011/01/31/spanish-striker-fernando-torres-joins-chelsea-from-liverpool-in-a-aps50m-transfer-a-record-for-english-football.md) _Context: Chelsea F.C., Fernando Torres_
8. [Seattle-based Amazon.com says it  will create 15,000 new full-time jobs across Europe by the end of 2017, increasing its European workforce by approximately 30 percent. ](/news/2017/02/20/seattle-based-amazon-com-says-it-will-create-15-000-new-full-time-jobs-across-europe-by-the-end-of-2017-increasing-its-european-workforce.md) _Context: Europe_
9. [A cold spell with the temperature reaching [?]30 degC in Moscow and other parts of Eastern Europe hits Europe. Nearly 20 people die in recent days; 10  in Poland. ](/news/2017/01/7/a-cold-spell-with-the-temperature-reaching-a30-adegc-in-moscow-and-other-parts-of-eastern-europe-hits-europe-nearly-20-people-die-in-recent.md) _Context: Europe_
10. [Following a joint police operation by Europol and Interpol last October and November across much of Europe, dubbed "Operation Pandora", more than 3,500 stolen artwork and artifacts are recovered, with 75 people arrested and 48,588 more being investigated. ](/news/2017/01/23/following-a-joint-police-operation-by-europol-and-interpol-last-october-and-november-across-much-of-europe-dubbed-operation-pandora-more.md) _Context: Europe_
