### [2003-04-16](/news/2003/04/16/index.md)

#  A Bush administration official announces that the United States, People's Republic of China, and North Korea will meet in Beijing from April 23 to April 24 to discuss North Korea's suspected nuclear weapons program. The United States had refused bilateral discussions with North Korea since October 2002, insisting on multinational talks. The United States will be represented by Assistant Secretary of State James Kelly.




### Related:

1. [ North Korea crisis: The United States says it is willing to give North Korea security assurances in exchange for a nuclear standdown. U.S. President Bush rules out a non-aggression treaty demanded by Pyongyang.](/news/2003/10/19/north-korea-crisis-the-united-states-says-it-is-willing-to-give-north-korea-security-assurances-in-exchange-for-a-nuclear-standdown-u-s.md) _Context: George W. Bush, North Korea, North Korea nuclear weapons program_
2. [Following the death of 22-year-old U.S. student Otto Warmbier, touring firm Young Pioneer Tours, who arranged Otto's visit to North Korea, say they will no longer be taking U.S. citizens to North Korea as the "risk is too high". Beijing-based Koryo Tours say they are reviewing their positions on taking U.S. citizens to the country. ](/news/2017/06/20/following-the-death-of-22-year-old-u-s-student-otto-warmbier-touring-firm-young-pioneer-tours-who-arranged-otto-s-visit-to-north-korea-s.md) _Context: Beijing, North Korea_
3. [North Korea's all-female Moranbong Band, which was formed by leader Kim Jong-un, surprisingly cancels tonight's concert at Beijing's National Centre for the Performing Arts, and two others and returns to Pyongyang. Rumors for the sudden change abound, but no reason has been given. The sudden cancellation could hurt Chinese-North Korean relations, cooler since between Kim assumed power in 2011. ](/news/2015/12/12/north-korea-s-all-female-moranbong-band-which-was-formed-by-leader-kim-jong-un-surprisingly-cancels-tonight-s-concert-at-beijing-s-nationa.md) _Context: Beijing, North Korea_
4. [Japan and North Korea hold their first talks in four years in Beijing. ](/news/2012/08/29/japan-and-north-korea-hold-their-first-talks-in-four-years-in-beijing.md) _Context: Beijing, North Korea_
5. [North Korean leader Kim Jong-il arrives in Beijing for a meeting with the President of the People's Republic of China, Hu Jintao. ](/news/2011/05/25/north-korean-leader-kim-jong-il-arrives-in-beijing-for-a-meeting-with-the-president-of-the-people-s-republic-of-china-hu-jintao.md) _Context: Beijing, North Korea_
6. [North Korean leader Kim Jong-il allegedly meets with Chinese President Hu Jintao in Beijing. ](/news/2010/05/6/north-korean-leader-kim-jong-il-allegedly-meets-with-chinese-president-hu-jintao-in-beijing.md) _Context: Beijing, North Korea_
7. [ U.S. President George W. Bush, on his way to Beijing to attend the Olympics, stops in South Korea and Thailand. ](/news/2008/08/5/u-s-president-george-w-bush-on-his-way-to-beijing-to-attend-the-olympics-stops-in-south-korea-and-thailand.md) _Context: Beijing, George W. Bush_
8. [ Six party talks being held in Beijing agrees on steps to verify the end of North Korea's nuclear weapons program. ](/news/2008/07/12/six-party-talks-being-held-in-beijing-agrees-on-steps-to-verify-the-end-of-north-korea-s-nuclear-weapons-program.md) _Context: Beijing, North Korea_
9. [ United States President George W. Bush writes to North Korean leader Kim Jong-Il asking him to fully disclose North Korea's nuclear program. ](/news/2007/12/6/united-states-president-george-w-bush-writes-to-north-korean-leader-kim-jong-il-asking-him-to-fully-disclose-north-korea-s-nuclear-program.md) _Context: George W. Bush, North Korea_
10. [ The International Atomic Energy Agency confirms that North Korea has shut down all five of its nuclear reactors as six-party talks resume in Beijing. ](/news/2007/07/18/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-confirms-that-north-korea-has-shut-down-all-five-of-its-nuclear-reactors-as-six-party-talks-resume-i.md) _Context: Beijing, North Korea_
