### [2016-02-5](/news/2016/02/5/index.md)

# Zika virus outbreak in the Americas (2015-present). Three people die in Colombia after contracting the Zika virus and developing Guillain-Barre syndrome. 

Colombia said Friday that three people had died after contracting the Zika virus and developing a rare nerve disorder called Guillain-Barre, the first time health officials have directly blamed the mosquito-borne disease for causing deaths


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/Health/zika-virus-outbreak-updates-pregnant-woman-puerto-rico/story?id=36737501)
2. [AFP via ''Daily Star](http://www.dailystar.com.lb/News/World/2016/Feb-05/335887-three-die-in-colombia-after-contracting-zika-developing-nerve-disorder-official.ashx)

### Related:

1. [Zika virus outbreak in the Americas (2015-present). The Government of Honduras declares a state of emergency with 3,649 suspected cases of the Zika virus in the past three months. ](/news/2016/02/2/zika-virus-outbreak-in-the-americas-2015-present-the-government-of-honduras-declares-a-state-of-emergency-with-3-649-suspected-cases-of.md) _Context: Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak in the Americas (2015-present)_
2. [Zika virus outbreak in the Americas (2015-present). The World Health Organization declares the spread of the Zika virus a global public health emergency requiring an urgent, united response. ](/news/2016/02/1/zika-virus-outbreak-in-the-americas-2015-present-the-world-health-organization-declares-the-spread-of-the-zika-virus-a-global-public-he.md) _Context: Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak in the Americas (2015-present)_
3. [Zika virus outbreak in the Americas (2015-present). Jamaican health officials confirm the country's first case of the Zika virus in a 4-year-old child who recently returned from a trip to Texas. ](/news/2016/01/30/zika-virus-outbreak-in-the-americas-2015-present-jamaican-health-officials-confirm-the-country-s-first-case-of-the-zika-virus-in-a-4-ye.md) _Context: Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak in the Americas (2015-present)_
4. [Zika virus outbreak in the Americas (2015-present). The World Health Organization forms an emergency committee to tackle the spread of the Zika virus in the Americas. ](/news/2016/01/28/zika-virus-outbreak-in-the-americas-2015-present-the-world-health-organization-forms-an-emergency-committee-to-tackle-the-spread-of-the.md) _Context: Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak in the Americas (2015-present)_
5. [Zika virus outbreak in the Americas (2015-present). Virologists find the Zika virus in Australian tourists returning from South America. ](/news/2016/01/26/zika-virus-outbreak-in-the-americas-2015-present-virologists-find-the-zika-virus-in-australian-tourists-returning-from-south-america.md) _Context: Zika virus, Zika virus outbreak in the Americas (2015-present)_
6. [Colombia-Venezuela relations. Censorship in Venezuela. Venezuela's National Commission of Telecommunications (Conatel) takes Colombian television channels, Caracol Television and RCN Television, off air due to their coverage of the 2017 Venezuelan constitutional crisis. ](/news/2017/08/24/colombia-venezuela-relations-censorship-in-venezuela-venezuela-s-national-commission-of-telecommunications-conatel-takes-colombian-tel.md) _Context: Colombia_
7. [Maritime incidents in 2017. At least nine people are killed and about 30 others are missing after their multi-story tourist boat, carrying about 170 people, sinks in a reservoir in northwest Colombia near Medellin. ](/news/2017/06/25/maritime-incidents-in-2017-at-least-nine-people-are-killed-and-about-30-others-are-missing-after-their-multi-story-tourist-boat-carrying-a.md) _Context: Colombia_
8. [Population displacement. The number of people displaced globally totals 65.6 million after an addition of 10.3 million people displaced in 2016. Syria, Colombia, Afghanistan, Iraq and South Sudan are the countries in the top five. ](/news/2017/06/19/population-displacement-the-number-of-people-displaced-globally-totals-65-6-million-after-an-addition-of-10-3-million-people-displaced-in-2.md) _Context: Colombia_
9. [Colombian conflict. A suspected terrorist bomb explosion in an Andino shopping mall's ladies room in Bogota, Colombia, kills three women and injures at least 11. ](/news/2017/06/17/colombian-conflict-a-suspected-terrorist-bomb-explosion-in-an-andino-shopping-mall-s-ladies-room-in-bogota-colombia-kills-three-women-an.md) _Context: Colombia_
10. [2015-16 Zika virus epidemic. The federal government of Brazil informs the World Health Organization that it is ending its state of emergency concerning the Zika virus, following a 95.3% reduction in cases in early 2017 compared to early 2016. ](/news/2017/05/11/2015-16-zika-virus-epidemic-the-federal-government-of-brazil-informs-the-world-health-organization-that-it-is-ending-its-state-of-emergen.md) _Context: Zika virus_
