### [2006-08-18](/news/2006/08/18/index.md)

#  Australia: The first person convicted under new anti-terrorism laws has been acquitted on appeal. Jack Thomas was convicted in March on two counts of receiving funds from a terrorist network and for carrying a falsified passport. According to [http://www.abc.net.au/news/newsitems/200608/s1718664.htm ABC News] his 5-year sentence was today quashed by the Victorian Court of Appeal, which ruled information obtained during an interview with Australian Federal Police Officers in Pakistan, conducted without legal representation and under threat of torture, was inadmissible.  




### Related:

1. [Australian police in Sydney arrest two men  who, police say, were planning attacks on locations such as  naval bases and police headquarters. New South Wales Deputy Police Commissioner  Catherine Burn said Wednesday's activity brings the number of people arrested in connection with last year's Operation Appleby to 13. ](/news/2015/12/23/australian-police-in-sydney-arrest-two-men-who-police-say-were-planning-attacks-on-locations-such-as-naval-bases-and-police-headquarters.md) _Context: Australia, police_
2. [Detectives from Scotland Yard contact police in Australia over the apparent suicide of Jacintha Saldanha. ](/news/2012/12/9/detectives-from-scotland-yard-contact-police-in-australia-over-the-apparent-suicide-of-jacintha-saldanha.md) _Context: Australia, police_
3. [Australia temporarily closes its High Commission in the Pakistani capital Islamabad. It says it fears violent protests aimed at Western countries as a result of recent controversies. ](/news/2012/09/21/australia-temporarily-closes-its-high-commission-in-the-pakistani-capital-islamabad-it-says-it-fears-violent-protests-aimed-at-western-coun.md) _Context: Australia, Pakistan_
4. [A dozen members of the Australian Federal Police are expelled from Vanuatu, following a diplomatic row over the arrest of the Prime Minister of Vanuatu's private secretary in Australia last month. ](/news/2012/05/10/a-dozen-members-of-the-australian-federal-police-are-expelled-from-vanuatu-following-a-diplomatic-row-over-the-arrest-of-the-prime-minister.md) _Context: Australia, police_
5. [ Australian authorities increase security as the interrogation of Dr. Mohamed Haneef over his possible involvement in the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack and the 2007 London car bombs incidents continues. The Australian Federal Police conducts raids on two hospitals in Perth, Western Australia. ](/news/2007/07/6/australian-authorities-increase-security-as-the-interrogation-of-dr-mohamed-haneef-over-his-possible-involvement-in-the-2007-glasgow-inter.md) _Context: Australia, police_
6. [ The UK Office for National Statistics announces that, in 2005, 565,000 immigrants arrived in the UK, mainly from Poland, India, Pakistan, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka, while there were 380,000 emigrants, over half of whom were UK citizens. The most popular emigration destinations were Australia, Spain, and France. The net immigration total, 185,000, was 17,000 less than 2004's record. ](/news/2006/11/2/the-uk-office-for-national-statistics-announces-that-in-2005-565-000-immigrants-arrived-in-the-uk-mainly-from-poland-india-pakistan-b.md) _Context: Australia, Pakistan_
7. [ Severely injured victims of the 2005 Bali bombings are being evacuated to medical facilities in Australia and Singapore. The Australian Government has made moves to assist Indonesia in its response, dispatching Australian Federal Police officers and forensic experts to assist in investigations. ](/news/2005/10/2/severely-injured-victims-of-the-2005-bali-bombings-are-being-evacuated-to-medical-facilities-in-australia-and-singapore-the-australian-gov.md) _Context: Australia, police_
8. [ In Australia, a suspicious package containing white powder sent to Foreign Minister Alexander Downer led security guards to close the mail-room of Parliament House in Canberra and enact decontamination procedures. Federal Police later deemed the package harmless, but analysis continues.](/news/2005/06/3/in-australia-a-suspicious-package-containing-white-powder-sent-to-foreign-minister-alexander-downer-led-security-guards-to-close-the-mail.md) _Context: Australia, police_
9. [Chinese authorities report "grave concern" over reports that two kidnapped Chinese teachers in Quetta, Pakistan were killed by members of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2017/06/9/chinese-authorities-report-grave-concern-over-reports-that-two-kidnapped-chinese-teachers-in-quetta-pakistan-were-killed-by-members-of-th.md) _Context: Pakistan_
10. [Rare specimens of daisies from the 1850s originally held in the National Museum of Natural History in Paris were reportedly destroyed by Australia in March allegedly due to incomplete paperwork. ](/news/2017/05/8/rare-specimens-of-daisies-from-the-1850s-originally-held-in-the-national-museum-of-natural-history-in-paris-were-reportedly-destroyed-by-aus.md) _Context: Australia_
