### [2012-09-25](/news/2012/09/25/index.md)

# Activists from the Enough Project reveal through ''The Guardian'' newspaper that Omar al-Bashir's Sudan and Joseph Kabila's DR Congo together received 2.4 million pound sterling (around USD 4 million) in British military aid, in the last five years alone. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/politics/2012/sep/25/uk-millions-training-oppressive-regimes)

### Related:

1. [ The BBC announces 1,800 job cuts as part of restructuring to fill a 2 billion (US$4 bn) shortfall caused by lower than expected funding by the British government. ](/news/2007/10/18/the-bbc-announces-1-800-job-cuts-as-part-of-restructuring-to-fill-a-ps2-billion-us-4-bn-shortfall-caused-by-lower-than-expected-funding-by.md) _Context: Britain, PS, US$_
2. [Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir names Vice President Bakri Hassan Saleh as Prime Minister of Sudan, the first person to hold the post since it was abolished following the 1989 Sudanese coup d'etat. ](/news/2017/03/1/sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-names-vice-president-bakri-hassan-saleh-as-prime-minister-of-sudan-the-first-person-to-hold-the-post-sinc.md) _Context: Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
3. [Clashes between security forces and anti-government protesters demanding the resignation of President Joseph Kabila reportedly leave more than 20 people dead in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. ](/news/2016/12/20/clashes-between-security-forces-and-anti-government-protesters-demanding-the-resignation-of-president-joseph-kabila-reportedly-leave-more-th.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Joseph Kabila_
4. [South Africa formally begins the process of withdrawing from the International Criminal Court amid a dispute over the country's refusal to arrest Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir at last year's African Union summit in Johannesburg. ](/news/2016/10/21/south-africa-formally-begins-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-the-international-criminal-court-amid-a-dispute-over-the-country-s-refusal-to-a.md) _Context: Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
5. [Following the Brexit vote and the subsequent drop in the exchange rate of the British pound to U.S. dollar, the FTSE 100 Index reaches an all-time intra-day high of 7,129. ](/news/2016/10/11/following-the-brexit-vote-and-the-subsequent-drop-in-the-exchange-rate-of-the-british-pound-to-u-s-dollar-the-ftse-100-index-reaches-an-al.md) _Context: PS, US$_
6. [A day after street violence in the Democratic Republic of the Congo between protesters opposed to President Joseph Kabila and security forces left at least 44 dead, armed men in military uniforms burn down the headquarters of the main opposition Union for Democracy and Social Progress (UDPS) in Kinshasa, DR Congo, killing at least two people. ](/news/2016/09/20/a-day-after-street-violence-in-the-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-between-protesters-opposed-to-president-joseph-kabila-and-security-force.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Joseph Kabila_
7. [A Democratic Republic of the Congo protest calling for the resignation of President Joseph Kabila turns violent in Kinshasa, leaving at least 17 people dead, including three police officers. Opposition groups say that 50 people died. ](/news/2016/09/19/a-democratic-republic-of-the-congo-protest-calling-for-the-resignation-of-president-joseph-kabila-turns-violent-in-kinshasa-leaving-at-leas.md) _Context: Democratic Republic of the Congo, Joseph Kabila_
8. [The Lesedi La Rona diamond, the largest uncut diamond in the world, went on sale at an auction in Mayfair with it expected to sell at PS52 million, or US$70 million. However, the diamond only managed to draw a high bid of US$61 million, falling short of the reserve price to sell it. ](/news/2016/06/29/the-lesedi-la-rona-diamond-the-largest-uncut-diamond-in-the-world-went-on-sale-at-an-auction-in-mayfair-with-it-expected-to-sell-at-aps52-m.md) _Context: PS, US$_
9. [Sudan's Electoral Commission declares that incumbent President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir won re-election with 94.4 per cent of the vote extending his 25 year rule. He has been indicted multiple times by the International Criminal Court for being personally responsible for war crimes committed in Darfur and elsewhere in Sudan. ](/news/2015/04/27/sudan-s-electoral-commission-declares-that-incumbent-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-won-re-election-with-94-4-per-cent-of-the-vote-extend.md) _Context: Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
10. [Sudanese president Omar al-Bashir orders the closure of oil pipelines coming from South Sudan. ](/news/2013/06/8/sudanese-president-omar-al-bashir-orders-the-closure-of-oil-pipelines-coming-from-south-sudan.md) _Context: Omar al-Bashir, Sudan_
