### [2007-10-2](/news/2007/10/2/index.md)

#  Pakistan: The Pakistani cabinet announces plans to drop all corruption charges against former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto.date=December 2007 The President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf appoints General Ashfaq Kiyani to succeed him as the head of the Pakistan Army after Saturday's election. 




### Source:

1. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2007/10/02/AR2007100202084.html)

### Related:

1. [A Pakistani court indicts former President Pervez Musharraf for his alleged involvement in the 2007 assassination of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto. ](/news/2013/08/20/a-pakistani-court-indicts-former-president-pervez-musharraf-for-his-alleged-involvement-in-the-2007-assassination-of-former-prime-minister-b.md) _Context: Benazir Bhutto, Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
2. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred  Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
3. [Chaudhry Zulfiqar Ali, a prosecutor with Pakistan's Federal Investigation Agency leading the prosecution of former President Pervez Musharraf over alleged involvement in the assassination of Benazir Bhutto, is shot dead on the way to court in Islamabad. ](/news/2013/05/3/chaudhry-zulfiqar-ali-a-prosecutor-with-pakistan-s-federal-investigation-agency-leading-the-prosecution-of-former-president-pervez-musharra.md) _Context: Benazir Bhutto, Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
4. [ Pakistan's National Reconciliation Ordinance, issued by former President Pervez Musharraf in October 2007 to provide several thousand politicians (including current President Asif Ali Zardari) amnesty from charges of political corruption, expires. ](/news/2009/11/28/pakistan-s-national-reconciliation-ordinance-issued-by-former-president-pervez-musharraf-in-october-2007-to-provide-several-thousand-polit.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President, anti-corruption_
5. [ Former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's party Pakistan Muslim League (N) announces it has decided to leave the governing coalition because of differences over how to restore around 60 judges sacked by President Pervez Musharraf on November 3, 2007. ](/news/2008/05/12/former-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-s-party-pakistan-muslim-league-n-announces-it-has-decided-to-leave-the-governing-coalition-because-of.md) _Context: Pervez Musharraf, President, Prime Minister of Pakistan, government_
6. [ Former Prime Minister of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif announces he will file nomination papers in the Pakistani general election, 2008. However, he will not serve as Prime Minister under the current President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf. ](/news/2007/11/26/former-prime-minister-of-pakistan-nawaz-sharif-announces-he-will-file-nomination-papers-in-the-pakistani-general-election-2008-however-h.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President, Prime Minister of Pakistan_
7. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency: Pakistan Army renews air attacks in the Swat valley targeting extremists positions.date=December 2007 Foreign ministers of the Commonwealth of Nations meet in London to discuss the issue of Pakistan. They demand that President Pervez Musharraf lift the state of emergency, release political prisoners and step down as army chief by November 22, or otherwise the country will be "suspended from the Councils of the Commonwealth." ](/news/2007/11/12/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-p-pakistan-army-renews-air-attacks-in-the-swat-valley-targeting-extremists-positions-date-december-2007p.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pakistan army, Pervez Musharraf, President_
8. [Former President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf survives an assassination attempt in Islamabad, Pakistan. There are no reports of injuries. ](/news/2014/04/3/former-president-of-pakistan-pervez-musharraf-survives-an-assassination-attempt-in-islamabad-pakistan-there-are-no-reports-of-injuries.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
9. [A Pakistani court charges former President Pervez Musharraf with high treason in relation to the imposition of the emergency rule in 2007. ](/news/2014/03/31/a-pakistani-court-charges-former-president-pervez-musharraf-with-high-treason-in-relation-to-the-imposition-of-the-emergency-rule-in-2007.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
10. [Pakistan's former leader Pervez Musharraf is directed to appear before the country's Supreme Court on allegations of treason. ](/news/2013/04/8/pakistan-s-former-leader-pervez-musharraf-is-directed-to-appear-before-the-country-s-supreme-court-on-allegations-of-treason.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President_
