### [2008-01-29](/news/2008/01/29/index.md)

#  The United States House of Representatives passes a $146 billion economic stimulus package. 

The House, seizing a rare moment of bipartisanship to respond to the economy’s slump, overwhelmingly passed a $146 billion aid package that would speed rebates of $600-$1,200 to most taxpayers.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2008/01/29/washington/30wire-stim.html)

### Related:

1. [ The United States House of Representatives approves legislation developed by Barney Frank to let the United States government insure up to $300 billion in mortgages to help homeowners avert foreclosure. ](/news/2008/05/8/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-approves-legislation-developed-by-barney-frank-to-let-the-united-states-government-insure-up-to.md) _Context: US$, United States House of Representatives_
2. [ The United States House of Representatives votes to provide $50 billion over five years to fight AIDS, tuberculosis and malaria in Africa and other third world areas. ](/news/2008/04/2/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-to-provide-50-billion-over-five-years-to-fight-aids-tuberculosis-and-malaria-in-africa-a.md) _Context: US$, United States House of Representatives_
3. [ The United States House of Representatives approves a $US100 billion bill to fund the US war effort in Iraq and Afghanistan without a timetable for the withdrawal of troops from Iraq. ](/news/2007/05/24/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-approves-a-us100-billion-bill-to-fund-the-us-war-effort-in-iraq-and-afghanistan-without-a-timet.md) _Context: US$, United States House of Representatives_
4. [ The U.S. House of Representatives narrowly passes a US$2.9 trillion budget blueprint which results in a surplus after five years but relies heavily on the expiration of the Bush tax cuts to do so. The U.S. Senate passed a similar budget blueprint last week with negotiations to ensue.](/news/2007/03/29/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-narrowly-passes-a-us-2-9-trillion-budget-blueprint-which-results-in-a-surplus-after-five-years-but-relies.md) _Context: US$, United States House of Representatives_
5. [ The United States House of Representatives passes a $1.17 billion funding bill for Amtrak in fiscal year 2006, an amount that is still short of the $2 billion Amtrak was originally seeking. The funding was approved in an amendment to a more general transportation and treasury appropriations bill. The House also removed the requirement in the bill that would mandate Amtrak to end passenger train service on currently unprofitable routes. The funding has yet to be approved by the Senate.](/news/2005/06/29/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-passes-a-1-17-billion-funding-bill-for-amtrak-in-fiscal-year-2006-an-amount-that-is-still-shor.md) _Context: US$, United States House of Representatives_
6. [Discovery Communications announces it will acquire Scripps Networks Interactive for US$ 14.6 billion. ](/news/2017/07/31/discovery-communications-announces-it-will-acquire-scripps-networks-interactive-for-us-14-6-billion.md) _Context: US$_
7. [Michael Kors buys Jimmy Choo for US$1.2 billion. ](/news/2017/07/25/michael-kors-buys-jimmy-choo-for-us-1-2-billion.md) _Context: US$_
8. [The United States House of Representatives pass a bill ending Dodd-Frank regulations. The bill now goes to the Senate where it is expected to not go through. ](/news/2017/06/8/the-united-states-house-of-representatives-pass-a-bill-ending-doddafrank-regulations-the-bill-now-goes-to-the-senate-where-it-is-expected.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
9. [Montana congressman Greg Gianforte apologizes to journalist Ben Jacobs for the alleged body slam incident that occurred on May 24, and donates US$50,000 to the Committee to Protect Journalists. ](/news/2017/06/8/montana-congressman-greg-gianforte-apologizes-to-journalist-ben-jacobs-for-the-alleged-body-slam-incident-that-occurred-on-may-24-and-donat.md) _Context: US$_
10. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: United States House of Representatives_
