### [2004-02-6](/news/2004/02/6/index.md)

#  Democratic Presidential Primaries: Howard Dean tells his supporters that he must win the Wisconsin Democratic primary in order to stay in the Democratic presidential race.




### Related:

1. [ Howard Dean officially ends his campaign for President of the United States, after placing a distant third in the Wisconsin primary elections of February 17, 2004. ""I am no longer actively pursuing the presidency,"" he announced.](/news/2004/02/18/howard-dean-officially-ends-his-campaign-for-president-of-the-united-states-after-placing-a-distant-third-in-the-wisconsin-primary-electio.md) _Context: Howard Dean, Wisconsin_
2. [ Democratic presidential nomination: Wisconsin held its primary election. John Kerry got 40% of the vote, followed by John Edwards with 34%, and Howard Dean with 18%.](/news/2004/02/17/democratic-presidential-nomination-wisconsin-held-its-primary-election-john-kerry-got-40-of-the-vote-followed-by-john-edwards-with-34.md) _Context: Howard Dean, Wisconsin_
3. [ U.S. presidential election, 2004: The Iowa caucuses yield unexpectedly strong results for Democratic candidates John Kerry, who earns 38% of the state's delegates and John Edwards, who takes 32%. Former front-runner Howard Dean slips to 18%, and Richard A. "Dick" Gephardt's fourth-place (11%) finish prompts him to end his presidential bid.](/news/2004/01/19/u-s-presidential-election-2004-the-iowa-caucuses-yield-unexpectedly-strong-results-for-democratic-candidates-john-kerry-who-earns-38-o.md) _Context: Democratic, Howard Dean_
4. [Al Gore endorses Howard Dean's candidacy for the Democratic presidential nomination for the 2004 U.S. presidential election. [http://www.msnbc.com/news/1002878.asp?0sl=-21&cp1=1]](/news/2003/12/9/al-gore-endorses-howard-dean-s-candidacy-for-the-democratic-presidential-nomination-for-the-2004-u-s-presidential-election-http-www-msn.md) _Context: Democratic, Howard Dean_
5. [ In the United States, Democratic candidate Howard Dean issues an apology for controversial remarks. He stated previously he wanted to be a candidate for ""guys with Confederate flags on their pickup trucks"."](/news/2003/11/6/in-the-united-states-democratic-candidate-howard-dean-issues-an-apology-for-controversial-remarks-he-stated-previously-he-wanted-to-be-a.md) _Context: Democratic, Howard Dean_
6. [As expected, during a visit to Kenosha, Wisconsin, President Donald Trump signed an executive order requiring U.S. federal agencies to take measures aimed at protecting U.S. workers, boost protections for some U.S. products, and examine the H-1B visa program which affords foreign workers opportunities for employment in U.S. specialty fields. ](/news/2017/04/18/as-expected-during-a-visit-to-kenosha-wisconsin-president-donald-trump-signed-an-executive-order-requiring-u-s-federal-agencies-to-take.md) _Context: Wisconsin_
7. [The Jill Stein-initiated recounts begin in Wisconsin. ](/news/2016/12/1/the-jill-stein-initiated-recounts-begin-in-wisconsin.md) _Context: Wisconsin_
8. [The campaign of Republican president-elect Donald Trump has called the planned recounts by Green nominee Jill Stein's campaign in Wisconsin, Pennsylvania and Michigan a "scam" and has criticized the participation of the campaign of Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2016/11/27/the-campaign-of-republican-presidentaelect-donald-trump-has-called-the-planned-recounts-by-green-nominee-jill-stein-s-campaign-in-wisconsi.md) _Context: Wisconsin_
9. [The Clinton campaign announces it will participate in efforts to push for recounts by Jill Stein's campaign in Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin. ](/news/2016/11/26/the-clinton-campaign-announces-it-will-participate-in-efforts-to-push-for-recounts-by-jill-stein-s-campaign-in-michigan-pennsylvania-and-wi.md) _Context: Wisconsin_
10. [Jill Stein's campaign to hold recounts in Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin receives grassroots support, having crowdfunded millions of dollars through private donations. ](/news/2016/11/25/jill-stein-s-campaign-to-hold-recounts-in-michigan-pennsylvania-and-wisconsin-receives-grassroots-support-having-crowdfunded-millions-of.md) _Context: Wisconsin_
