### [2004-02-6](/news/2004/02/6/index.md)

#  Electronic voting: The U.S. military abandons plans for a trial of Internet voting (Secure Electronic Registration and Voting Experiment) in the upcoming presidential election.




### Related:

1. [At a news briefing in London, the CEO of Smartmatic, the Venezuelan-owned multinational company that provided the election system used in Sunday's election, says the number of those participating in the poll was tampered with, off by at least one million. ](/news/2017/08/2/at-a-news-briefing-in-london-the-ceo-of-smartmatic-the-venezuelan-owned-multinational-company-that-provided-the-election-system-used-in-su.md) _Context: election system_
2. [Brazilians vote in a presidential general election using electronic machines. ](/news/2014/10/5/brazilians-vote-in-a-presidential-general-election-using-electronic-machines.md) _Context: election system_
3. [ The Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao in the Philippines are holding elections using for the first-time electronic voting as precedent to the Presidential elections in 2010. ](/news/2008/08/11/the-autonomous-region-in-muslim-mindanao-in-the-philippines-are-holding-elections-using-for-the-first-time-electronic-voting-as-precedent-t.md) _Context: election system_
4. [ Howard Dean, a former governor of Vermont and a 2004 U.S. presidential candidate, is elected chairman of the Democratic National Committee. ](/news/2005/02/12/howard-dean-a-former-governor-of-vermont-and-a-2004-u-s-presidential-candidate-is-elected-chairman-of-the-democratic-national-committee.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate_
5. [ U.S. presidential election: Several Democratic Party members of the U.S. House of Representatives request that the United Nations send observers to monitor the November 2 presidential election, citing the disputed 2000 presidential outcome. ](/news/2004/07/2/u-s-presidential-election-several-democratic-party-members-of-the-u-s-house-of-representatives-request-that-the-united-nations-send-obse.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate_
6. [ A spokesman for Saudi Arabia strongly denies John Kerry's assertion that it had made an agreement with United States President George W. Bush to manipulate the price of oil for political purposes as the U.S. election approaches. The assertion stems from material in Bob Woodward's new book, "Plan of Attack", detailing the Bush Administration's preparation for the invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2004/04/20/a-spokesman-for-saudi-arabia-strongly-denies-john-kerry-s-assertion-that-it-had-made-an-agreement-with-united-states-president-george-w-bu.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate_
7. [ U.S. presidential election : An advertisement for John Kerry placed in a newspaper in Gulfport, Florida by a local Democratic Party club gets negative national publicity, as it suggests shooting United States Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld. The ad was placed by the Saint Petersburg Democratic Club of Florida, and has been condemned by both Republicans and Democrats, including Kerry's campaign. ](/news/2004/04/14/u-s-presidential-election-an-advertisement-for-john-kerry-placed-in-a-newspaper-in-gulfport-florida-by-a-local-democratic-party-club-ge.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate_
8. [ U.S. presidential election: The Bush reelection campaign charges that an anti-Bush ad campaign funded with "soft money" from billionaire George Soros funding violates campaign finance laws. The Bush camp plans to file a complaint with the Federal Election Commission regarding a planned anti-Bush advertising campaign by The Media Fund. ](/news/2004/03/10/u-s-presidential-election-the-bush-reelection-campaign-charges-that-an-anti-bush-ad-campaign-funded-with-soft-money-from-billionaire-ge.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate_
9. [ A report submitted today to the State of Maryland states that the electronic voting machines made by Diebold Election Systems "have such poor computer security and physical security that an election could be disrupted or even stolen by corrupt insiders or determined outsiders". The machines have been purchased by a number of states in the United States. This is the third report to state that the machines do not meet the security requirements of an election. Previous reports are available online.](/news/2004/01/29/a-report-submitted-today-to-the-state-of-maryland-states-that-the-electronic-voting-machines-made-by-diebold-election-systems-have-such-po.md) _Context: election system_
10. [ U.S. presidential election, 2004: Senator John Kerry wins the New Hampshire primary. Howard Dean comes second.](/news/2004/01/27/u-s-presidential-election-2004-senator-john-kerry-wins-the-new-hampshire-primary-howard-dean-comes-second.md) _Context: 2004 U.S. presidential candidate_
