### [2004-02-6](/news/2004/02/6/index.md)

#  Gerhard Schroder announces his intention to resign from his post as chairman of the Social Democratic Party but to continue as Chancellor of Germany.




### Related:

1. [ Kurt Beck, the chairman of the Social Democratic Party of Germany steps down. According to media reports, Frank Walter Steinmeier will become the candidate for Chancellor of Germany in the 2009 elections. ](/news/2008/09/7/kurt-beck-the-chairman-of-the-social-democratic-party-of-germany-steps-down-according-to-media-reports-frank-walter-steinmeier-will-beco.md) _Context: Chancellor, SPD_
2. [ After two months of negotiations, Angela Merkel is elected the first female Chancellor of Germany by a coalition of the CDU/CSU and SPD delegates in the Bundestag. ](/news/2005/11/22/after-two-months-of-negotiations-angela-merkel-is-elected-the-first-female-chancellor-of-germany-by-a-coalition-of-the-cdu-csu-and-spd-del.md) _Context: Chancellor, SPD_
3. [ Germany: Conferences of the CDU, CSU and SPD approve a coalition deal that will see Angela Merkel become Chancellor on November 22. ](/news/2005/11/14/germany-conferences-of-the-cdu-csu-and-spd-approve-a-coalition-deal-that-will-see-angela-merkel-become-chancellor-on-november-22.md) _Context: Chancellor, SPD_
4. [ German Chancellor Gerhard Schroder informs that he won't play a role in the Merkel grand coalition cabinet. He criticizes the United States for its response to Hurricane Katrina and "Anglo-Saxon economic policies," while stressing the importance of Franco-Germanic ties. ](/news/2005/10/12/german-chancellor-gerhard-schrapder-informs-that-he-won-t-play-a-role-in-the-merkel-grand-coalition-cabinet-he-criticizes-the-united-state.md) _Context: Chancellor, Gerhard Schroder_
5. [ Following the German federal election, 2005, Christian Democrat Angela Merkel will become the next Chancellor of Germany, replacing Social Democrat Gerhard Schroder, although Schroder's party will be the dominant party in the grand coalition.](/news/2005/10/10/following-the-german-federal-election-2005-christian-democrat-angela-merkel-will-become-the-next-chancellor-of-germany-replacing-social.md) _Context: Chancellor, Gerhard Schroder_
6. [ Qatari Prime Minister Abdallah ibn Khalifah Al Thani and German Chancellor Gerhard Schroder agree to begin a study to look into the feasibility of building a maglev line approximately 160&nbsp;km long linking Qatar and Bahrain, powered by Transrapid technology developed by Siemens AG and ThyssenKrupp. Also being considered is a possible extension to the United Arab Emirates that would make the combined length of the line roughly 800&nbsp;km. ](/news/2005/06/15/qatari-prime-minister-abdallah-ibn-khalifah-al-thani-and-german-chancellor-gerhard-schrapder-agree-to-begin-a-study-to-look-into-the-feasib.md) _Context: Chancellor, Gerhard Schroder_
7. [ The German Green Party backs Chancellor Gerhard Schroder's "Agenda 2010" with more than 90% of all votes at an extraordinary party convention.](/news/2003/06/15/the-german-green-party-backs-chancellor-gerhard-schrapder-s-agenda-2010-with-more-than-90-of-all-votes-at-an-extraordinary-party-convent.md) _Context: Chancellor, Gerhard Schroder_
8. [Voters in the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia head to the polls, with the media suggesting a victory for Angela Merkel's CDU over the SPD, who have lead the state for all but five years since 1966. ](/news/2017/05/14/voters-in-the-german-state-of-north-rhine-westphalia-head-to-the-polls-with-the-media-suggesting-a-victory-for-angela-merkel-s-cdu-over-the.md) _Context: SPD_
9. [The Social Democratic Party of Germany endorses Martin Schulz as its leader. ](/news/2017/03/19/the-social-democratic-party-of-germany-endorses-martin-schulz-as-its-leader.md) _Context: SPD_
10. [Regional elections take place in the German states of Baden-Wurttemberg, Rhineland-Palatinate and Saxony-Anhalt with the governing Christian Democratic Union performing poorly, the centre-left Social Democratic Party of Germany winning in Rhineland-Palatinate, and the anti-immigrant Alternative for Germany performing well in all three states. ](/news/2016/03/13/regional-elections-take-place-in-the-german-states-of-baden-wa1-4rttemberg-rhineland-palatinate-and-saxony-anhalt-with-the-governing-christia.md) _Context: SPD_
