### [2004-02-6](/news/2004/02/6/index.md)

#  In Australia, the Music Industry Piracy Investigations organization uses an Anton Piller order to raid offices of P2P companies Sharman Networks and Brilliant Digital Entertainment, the homes of their key executives, as well as several internet service providers and universities.




### Related:

1. [A U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit three-judge panel upholds the Federal Communications Commission's net neutrality rules that prohibit broadband providers from giving or selling access to faster internet service to selected customers. ](/news/2016/06/14/a-u-s-court-of-appeals-for-the-district-of-columbia-circuit-three-judge-panel-upholds-the-federal-communications-commission-s-net-neutralit.md) _Context: broadband providers_
2. [British Prime Minister David Cameron announces plans for every household in the UK to automatically have pornography blocked by their internet service provider, unless they choose otherwise. ](/news/2013/07/22/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-announces-plans-for-every-household-in-the-uk-to-automatically-have-pornography-blocked-by-their-intern.md) _Context: broadband providers_
3. [ Chairman of the United States Federal Communications Commission Kevin Martin says he is "ready, willing and able," to prevent broadband Internet service providers from interfering with the speed of their subscribers' Internet access. ](/news/2008/02/25/chairman-of-the-united-states-federal-communications-commission-kevin-martin-says-he-is-ready-willing-and-able-to-prevent-broadband-int.md) _Context: broadband providers_
4. [ The California court of appeal heard oral arguments over bloggers' challenges to an effort by Apple Computer to force the ISP of an Apple news site to hand over the email records of bloggers it claims revealed trade secrets. ](/news/2006/04/21/the-california-court-of-appeal-heard-oral-arguments-over-bloggers-challenges-to-an-effort-by-apple-computer-to-force-the-isp-of-an-apple-n.md) _Context: broadband providers_
5. [ NTL, the largest British cable television company, telco and ISP, announces its multi-billion pound purchase of Telewest, the second largest cable company, creating one of the largest companies in the British media industry. ](/news/2005/10/3/ntl-the-largest-british-cable-television-company-telco-and-isp-announces-its-multi-billion-pound-purchase-of-telewest-the-second-larges.md) _Context: broadband providers_
6. [ The Supreme Court of the United States releases a unanimous decision in "MGM Studios, Inc. v. Grokster, Ltd.", finding that P2P file sharing companies can be held liable for the copyright infringement of their users. ](/news/2005/06/27/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-releases-a-unanimous-decision-in-mgm-studios-inc-v-grokster-ltd-finding-that-p2p-file-sharin.md) _Context: P2P_
7. [ In New York City, United States, attorney general charges insurance company American International Group and two of its former executives for fraud and manipulating the accounts ](/news/2005/05/26/in-new-york-city-united-states-attorney-general-charges-insurance-company-american-international-group-and-two-of-its-former-executives-f.md) _Context: executive_
8. [ "MGM Studios v. Grokster", an important lawsuit regarding the future of peer-to-peer file sharing, is heard before the United States Supreme Court. ](/news/2005/03/29/mgm-studios-v-grokster-an-important-lawsuit-regarding-the-future-of-peer-to-peer-file-sharing-is-heard-before-the-united-states-suprem.md) _Context: P2P_
9. [ The Zimbabwe government proposes new terms for all Internet service providers that will force them to block content or report "malicious messages" to the authorities. ](/news/2004/06/1/the-zimbabwe-government-proposes-new-terms-for-all-internet-service-providers-that-will-force-them-to-block-content-or-report-malicious-me.md) _Context: broadband providers_
10. [ Economists from Harvard and UNC - Chapel Hill determine that peer-to-peer file sharing and music downloads "have an effect on sales which is statistically indistinguishable from zero, despite rather precise estimates." ](/news/2004/04/5/economists-from-harvard-and-unc-chapel-hill-determine-that-peer-to-peer-file-sharing-and-music-downloads-have-an-effect-on-sales-which-i.md) _Context: P2P_
