### [2004-02-6](/news/2004/02/6/index.md)

#  U.S. President George W. Bush appoints an Iraq Intelligence Commission to investigate United States intelligence capabilities, specifically regarding the 2003 invasion of Iraq and Iraq's weapons of mass destruction. The commission is headed by Governor, and former Senator, Chuck Robb and Judge Laurence Silberman.




### Related:

1. [ Appearing before the US Senate Armed Services Committee, Charles Duelfer, head of the Iraq Survey Group announces that the group found no evidence that Iraq under Saddam Hussein had produced any weapons of mass destruction since 1991, when UN sanctions were imposed. This directly contradicts the main argument used by the George W. Bush administration for invading Iraq in 2003. ](/news/2004/10/6/appearing-before-the-us-senate-armed-services-committee-charles-duelfer-head-of-the-iraq-survey-group-announces-that-the-group-found-no-e.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush, weapons of mass destruction_
2. [ U.S. President George W. Bush announces the formation of the Iraq Intelligence Commission, an independent, bipartisan inquiry presidential commission to probe into prewar intelligence regarding weapons of mass destruction leading up to the decision to invade Iraq. Former Iraq Survey Group chief David Kay, who searched for weapons in Iraq, meets with Bush at the White House and maintains that Bush was right to go to war in Iraq and characterizes the Saddam Hussein regime as "far more dangerous than even we anticipated" when it was thought he had WMDs ready to deploy. (See rationale for the Iraq War and Senate Report on Pre-war Intelligence on Iraq)](/news/2004/02/2/u-s-president-george-w-bush-announces-the-formation-of-the-iraq-intelligence-commission-an-independent-bipartisan-inquiry-presidential.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush, Iraq Intelligence Commission_
3. [ Media: A Program on International Policy Attitudes (PIPA) study conducted with California-based Knowledge Networks, titled "Misperceptions, the Media, and the Iraq War," is released. According to this study, misperceptions about the 2003 invasion of Iraq are most common among consumers of Fox News Channel and supporters of President George W. Bush and least common among consumers of PBS and NPR and supporters of Democratic presidential candidates. The study also found that frequent viewers of Fox News are more likely to believe in the misconceptions than less frequent ones. One example misconception is the belief that weapons of mass destruction have already been found in Iraq.](/news/2003/10/2/media-a-program-on-international-policy-attitudes-pipa-study-conducted-with-california-based-knowledge-networks-titled-misperceptions.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush, weapons of mass destruction_
4. [A private note, due to remain secret despite calls for it to be published by the chairman of the Iraq Inquiry, shows former British prime minister Tony Blair privately assured former American president George W. Bush "you can count on us" before they jointly invaded Iraq prior to the Iraq War. ](/news/2011/01/21/a-private-note-due-to-remain-secret-despite-calls-for-it-to-be-published-by-the-chairman-of-the-iraq-inquiry-shows-former-british-prime-mi.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
5. [ "The New York Times" reports that it has seen a memo that shows George W. Bush was determined to go to war at least two months before the 2003 invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2006/03/27/the-new-york-times-reports-that-it-has-seen-a-memo-that-shows-george-w-bush-was-determined-to-go-to-war-at-least-two-months-before-the-2.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, George W. Bush_
