### [2011-06-28](/news/2011/06/28/index.md)

# Ireland's parliament is involved in controversy amid newspaper reports that thousands of phone calls were made from Dail Eireann to help TD Michael Healy-Rae win a charity reality TV show four years ago. Taxpayers then picked up the bill. 

Independent Kerry South TD Michael Healy-Rae has said he does not know who voted for him to win a reality TV contest more than&hellip;


### Source:

1. [Irish Independent](http://www.independent.ie/national-news/it-wasnrsquot-me-healyrae-on-3636-dail-calls-to-win-tv-show-2807312.html)
2. [Newstalk](http://www.newstalk.ie/2011/news/8healy-rae-rejects-suggestions-over-calls-says-conscience-is-clear59/)
3. [TV3](http://www.tv3.ie/article.php?article_id=60259&locID=1.2&pagename=news)
4. [The Irish Times](http://www.irishtimes.com/newspaper/breaking/2011/0628/breaking30.html?via=mr)

### Related:

1. [Irish senator Ned O'Sullivan admits making "around a dozen" of the thousands of phone calls originating from Dail Eireann to help TD Michael Healy-Rae win a charity reality TV show four years ago. Taxpayers then picked up the bill. ](/news/2011/06/29/irish-senator-ned-o-sullivan-admits-making-around-a-dozen-of-the-thousands-of-phone-calls-originating-from-da-il-aireann-to-help-td-micha.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann, Michael Healy-Rae, TD_
2. [The Irish Dail Eireann (parliament) fails to elect a new taoiseach (Prime Minister) with incumbent Enda Kenny carrying on as a caretaker. ](/news/2016/03/10/the-irish-da-il-aireann-parliament-fails-to-elect-a-new-taoiseach-prime-minister-with-incumbent-enda-kenny-carrying-on-as-a-caretaker.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann_
3. [Independent lawmaker Catherine Murphy raises fresh allegations in Ireland's Dail against billionaire Denis O'Brien, prompting criticism over the silence of the country's media (much of it owned by O'Brien). ](/news/2015/05/28/independent-lawmaker-catherine-murphy-raises-fresh-allegations-in-ireland-s-da-il-against-billionaire-denis-o-brien-prompting-criticism-ove.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann_
4. [Members of Ireland's police force Garda Siochana raid the Dublin home of former MEP Paul Murphy TD, taking Murphy into custody along with three other activists and politicians opposing the water-tax-rate change, stirring nationwide speculation of "political policing." The police later release all four without charges. ](/news/2015/02/9/members-of-ireland-s-police-force-garda-saocha-na-raid-the-dublin-home-of-former-mep-paul-murphy-td-taking-murphy-into-custody-along-with.md) _Context: TD_
5. [In Ireland, thousands of people attend an anti-austerity rally at Dublin Castle, where EU finance ministers are meeting. Opposition TDs Richard Boyd Barrett, Joan Collins and Joe Higgins address the demonstration. ](/news/2013/04/13/in-ireland-thousands-of-people-attend-an-anti-austerity-rally-at-dublin-castle-where-eu-finance-ministers-are-meeting-opposition-tds-rich.md) _Context: TD_
6. [Irish politician Joan Collins names crime journalist Paul Williams and sports star Ronan O'Gara under Dail privilege as being among those to benefit from having their penalty points for traffic offences cancelled by the Garda Siochana. Justice Minister Alan Shatter calls Collins's action a "total disgrace" and she is reported to a Leinster House watchdog called the Dail Committee on Procedure and Privileges. ](/news/2012/12/12/irish-politician-joan-collins-names-crime-journalist-paul-williams-and-sports-star-ronan-o-gara-under-da-il-privilege-as-being-among-those-t.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann_
7. [John Logue, President of the Union of Students in Ireland, is arrested and taken from Dail Eireann in handcuffs after turning his back on legislators while peacefully protesting against budget cuts. ](/news/2012/11/14/john-logue-president-of-the-union-of-students-in-ireland-is-arrested-and-taken-from-da-il-aireann-in-handcuffs-after-turning-his-back-on.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann_
8. [Irish government lawmaker Denis Naughten votes against his own government over cuts to a hospital, amid protests by hundreds of people outside Dail Eireann; he now faces expulsion from Fine Gael with the hospital's emergency department to close on Monday. ](/news/2011/07/6/irish-government-lawmaker-denis-naughten-votes-against-his-own-government-over-cuts-to-a-hospital-amid-protests-by-hundreds-of-people-outsi.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann_
9. [Ireland's Taoiseach Enda Kenny attacks the Vatican's approach to the child abuse scandals in the country as "absolutely disgraceful", while the Socialist Party's Joe Higgins tells Dail Eireann that people were "throwing their hands in the air" after the report into the sexual abuse scandal in Cloyne diocese was published this week. ](/news/2011/07/15/ireland-s-taoiseach-enda-kenny-attacks-the-vatican-s-approach-to-the-child-abuse-scandals-in-the-country-as-absolutely-disgraceful-while.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann_
10. [Moriarty Tribunal:Taoiseach Enda Kenny confirms that disgraced former minister Michael Lowry is to be censured by Dail Eireann today without any discussion of the matter, following two days of debate on the tribunal's findings. ](/news/2011/03/31/moriarty-tribunal-ptaoiseach-enda-kenny-confirms-that-disgraced-former-minister-michael-lowry-is-to-be-censured-by-da-il-aireann-today-with.md) _Context: Dáil Éireann_
