### [2011-06-28](/news/2011/06/28/index.md)

# The Tokyo Electric Power Company (Tepco) incurs wrath from shareholders at its first annual meeting since the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, with a motion asking the company to abandon nuclear power being defeated. 

Angry Tepco shareholders fail to force the company to abandon nuclear power in the wake of the Fukushima Daiichi radiation crisis.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-13938774)

### Related:

1. [Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster: According to Tokyo Electric Power Company, radiations levels within one of the reactors of Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, damaged by an earthquake and tsunami in 2011, are at its highest level since experiencing a meltdown, with a reading of 530 sieverts an hour. ](/news/2017/02/3/fukushima-daiichi-nuclear-disaster-according-to-tokyo-electric-power-company-radiations-levels-within-one-of-the-reactors-of-fukushima-dai.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, Tokyo Electric Power Company_
2. [The Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO) claims that three reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant suffered partial meltdowns following the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami; it had previously announced that only one reactor had suffered a meltdown. ](/news/2011/05/24/the-tokyo-electric-power-company-tepco-claims-that-three-reactors-at-the-fukushima-daiichi-nuclear-power-plant-suffered-partial-meltdowns.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, Tokyo Electric Power Company_
3. [Japan-s emperor and prime minister attend a memorial service marking the fifth anniversary of the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami in which 15,894 people died and caused the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. Many people remain displaced and recovery efforts are ongoing. ](/news/2016/03/11/japan-s-emperor-and-prime-minister-attend-a-memorial-service-marking-the-fifth-anniversary-of-the-2011-tahoku-earthquake-and-tsunami-in-w.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster_
4. [Japan's Sendai Nuclear Power Plant in Satsumasendai in Kagoshima Prefecture on Kyushu restarts reactor no. 1. This is the first of 50-plus shut-down nuclear reactors to go back online since the 2011 Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. The problems discovered in the reactor model after the disaster have not been fixed. ](/news/2015/08/11/japan-s-sendai-nuclear-power-plant-in-satsumasendai-in-kagoshima-prefecture-on-kyushu-restarts-reactor-no-1-this-is-the-first-of-50-plus-s.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster_
5. [Japan approves a thirty-to-forty year plan to clean up the site of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. ](/news/2015/06/12/japan-approves-a-thirty-to-forty-year-plan-to-clean-up-the-site-of-the-fukushima-daiichi-nuclear-disaster.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster_
6. [Japan's Nuclear Regulation Authority grants allowance to restart two nuclear plants, the first such a move in the country after the Fukushima disaster. ](/news/2014/07/16/japan-s-nuclear-regulation-authority-grants-allowance-to-restart-two-nuclear-plants-the-first-such-a-move-in-the-country-after-the-fukushim.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster_
7. [Japan upgrades the recent leak of radioactive water from the Fukushima nuclear disaster site to Level 3, a "serious incident," on the International Nuclear Event Scale. ](/news/2013/08/21/japan-upgrades-the-recent-leak-of-radioactive-water-from-the-fukushima-nuclear-disaster-site-to-level-3-a-serious-incident-on-the-intern.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster_
8. [Japan begins a renewed effort to halt the leak of radioactive material from the tsunami-damaged Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant. ](/news/2013/07/23/japan-begins-a-renewed-effort-to-halt-the-leak-of-radioactive-material-from-the-tsunami-damaged-fukushima-daiichi-nuclear-power-plant.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster_
9. [Steam begins to rise at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant with utility company Tepco saying that it is possibly because of rain and that the levels of radioactivity in the surrounding areas have remained unchanged. ](/news/2013/07/18/steam-begins-to-rise-at-the-fukushima-daiichi-nuclear-power-plant-with-utility-company-tepco-saying-that-it-is-possibly-because-of-rain-and.md) _Context: Tokyo Electric Power Company_
10. [Tokyo Electric Power Company says that it is moving tons of highly radioactive water from a temporary storage tank to another after detecting signs of leakage at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant in Futaba District of Fukushima Prefecture, Japan. ](/news/2013/04/6/tokyo-electric-power-company-says-that-it-is-moving-tons-of-highly-radioactive-water-from-a-temporary-storage-tank-to-another-after-detectin.md) _Context: Tokyo Electric Power Company_
