### [2011-06-28](/news/2011/06/28/index.md)

# The United Nations reports the worst drought in six decades is affecting more than 10 million people and forced people in Somalia to flee to Kenya and Ethiopia as they starve to death. 

The UN says the worst drought in 60 years has forced Somalis to flee to Kenya and Ethiopia in search of food.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-13944550)

### Related:

1. [At least 110 people have died of starvation in the drought-hit region of Bay, Somalia, in the past 48 hours, according to Prime Minister Hassan Ali Khayre. This comes as the United Nations and various non-governmental organizations are warning of potential famine in the country. ](/news/2017/03/4/at-least-110-people-have-died-of-starvation-in-the-drought-hit-region-of-bay-somalia-in-the-past-48-hours-according-to-prime-minister-has.md) _Context: Somalia, United Nations, drought_
2. [Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed, Prime Minister of the United Nations-backed Transitional Federal Government of Somalia, calls on UN agencies basing themselves in Kenya for safety reasons to move to Mogadishu within three months, citing the presence of UN agencies in "more dangerous" cities such as Kabul and Baghdad. ](/news/2011/04/5/mohamed-abdullahi-mohamed-prime-minister-of-the-united-nations-backed-transitional-federal-government-of-somalia-calls-on-un-agencies-basi.md) _Context: Kenya, Somalia, United Nations_
3. [Ethiopia and Kenya may attack the al-Shabaab Islamist militant group in Somalia, following its threat to target Kenya. ](/news/2011/02/28/ethiopia-and-kenya-may-attack-the-al-shabaab-islamist-militant-group-in-somalia-following-its-threat-to-target-kenya.md) _Context: Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia_
4. [Al-Shabaab militants take control of a town on the border between Somalia, Ethiopia and Kenya from pro-government forces, following fighting that displaced 60,000 people. ](/news/2010/10/29/al-shabaab-militants-take-control-of-a-town-on-the-border-between-somalia-ethiopia-and-kenya-from-pro-government-forces-following-fighting.md) _Context: Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia_
5. [ A six-nation east African regional bloc consisting of Djibouti, Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia, Sudan and Uganda urges global sanctions on Eritrea for backing Islamist rebels in neighbouring war-torn Somalia. ](/news/2009/09/19/a-six-nation-east-african-regional-bloc-consisting-of-djibouti-ethiopia-kenya-somalia-sudan-and-uganda-urges-global-sanctions-on-eritre.md) _Context: Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia_
6. [ The United Nations reports that Somalia is experiencing its worst drought since the 1990s. ](/news/2009/05/13/the-united-nations-reports-that-somalia-is-experiencing-its-worst-drought-since-the-1990s.md) _Context: Somalia, United Nations, drought_
7. [ Widespread flooding is reported in East Africa especially Kenya, Somalia and Ethiopia, with at least five reported dead in Mogadishu where the Shabelle and Juba rivers have burst their banks and more than 70,000 people reported displaced in total. ](/news/2006/11/15/widespread-flooding-is-reported-in-east-africa-especially-kenya-somalia-and-ethiopia-with-at-least-five-reported-dead-in-mogadishu-where.md) _Context: Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia_
8. [ The death toll continues to rise due to flooding in Somalia and the Somalia Region of Ethiopia. In April 2005, heavy rains generated widespread flooding and caused the Shebelle River to burst its banks. As of May 5, the flooding in Somali Region alone has caused over 100 confirmed deaths and widespread property damage affecting over 100,000 persons. The floods have also destroyed shelters housing 25,000 Somali refugees in Kenya. ](/news/2005/05/9/the-death-toll-continues-to-rise-due-to-flooding-in-somalia-and-the-somalia-region-of-ethiopia-in-april-2005-heavy-rains-generated-widesp.md) _Context: Ethiopia, Kenya, Somalia_
9. [USAID  announces the Trump administration is dedicating  $169 million to feed people facing starvation in Ethiopia and Kenya, adding to earlier assistance for those suffering from drought and conflict in the region. ](/news/2017/08/3/usaid-announces-the-trump-administration-is-dedicating-169-million-to-feed-people-facing-starvation-in-ethiopia-and-kenya-adding-to-earl.md) _Context: Ethiopia, Kenya_
10. [A high court in Kenya blocks a government bid to close the Dadaab refugee camp and repatriate over 260,000 Somali refugees back to Somalia. The government said it will appeal against the ruling. ](/news/2017/02/9/a-high-court-in-kenya-blocks-a-government-bid-to-close-the-dadaab-refugee-camp-and-repatriate-over-260-000-somali-refugees-back-to-somalia.md) _Context: Kenya, Somalia_
