### [2011-06-28](/news/2011/06/28/index.md)

# Tropical storm Arlene, the first of the 2011 Atlantic hurricane season, forms in the southwestern Gulf of Mexico. 

The season&#8217;s first named storm, Tropical Storm Arlene, has spun up in the southwestern Gulf of Mexico. It currently has 40-mph sustained winds. The storm should come ashore along the Mexico c…


### Source:

1. [Houston Chronicle](http://blog.chron.com/sciguy/2011/06/atlantic-seasons-first-named-storm-arlene-forms/)

### Related:

1. [Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal declares a state of emergency after Tropical Storm Lee forms in the northern Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2011/09/1/louisiana-governor-bobby-jindal-declares-a-state-of-emergency-after-tropical-storm-lee-forms-in-the-northern-gulf-of-mexico.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, Hurricane Rina_
2. [Tropical Storm Emily forms in the Atlantic Ocean with tropical storm warnings issued for Puerto Rico, Guadeloupe, Desirade, Les Saintes, Marie Galante and the Dominican Republic. ](/news/2011/08/1/tropical-storm-emily-forms-in-the-atlantic-ocean-with-tropical-storm-warnings-issued-for-puerto-rico-guadeloupe-desirade-les-saintes-mar.md) _Context: Hurricane Rina, tropical storm_
3. [Tropical Storm Arlene, the first tropical storm of the 2011 Atlantic hurricane season, makes landfall near Cabo Rojo bringing heavy rain to Mexico and southern Texas. ](/news/2011/06/30/tropical-storm-arlene-the-first-tropical-storm-of-the-2011-atlantic-hurricane-season-makes-landfall-near-cabo-rojo-bringing-heavy-rain-to.md) _Context: Hurricane Rina, tropical storm_
4. [ A tropical storm warning is issued for parts of Texas and Mexico following the formation of a tropical depression in the Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2007/08/14/a-tropical-storm-warning-is-issued-for-parts-of-texas-and-mexico-following-the-formation-of-a-tropical-depression-in-the-gulf-of-mexico.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico, tropical storm_
5. [Hurricane Franklin, the Atlantic Ocean's first hurricane of the season, is set to hit Mexico's Gulf state of Veracruz tonight or tomorrow morning. The category 1 storm is expected to lose strength as it moves inland through the oil-producing state. ](/news/2017/08/9/hurricane-franklin-the-atlantic-ocean-s-first-hurricane-of-the-season-is-set-to-hit-mexico-s-gulf-state-of-veracruz-tonight-or-tomorrow-mo.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
6. [In anticipation of Hurricane Harvey, residents from Corpus Christi to Galveston, Texas, and workers from Gulf of Mexico oil platforms are evacuating the region. The storm makes landfall between Port Aransas and Port O'Connor as a Category 4 hurricane around 11 p.m. EDT (0300 UTC, August 26) as the strongest storm to hit the United States mainland since 2004. The National Hurricane Center predicts Harvey will linger over Texas for days, dumping 15|-|25|in|cm, and as much as 35|in|cm of rain on some parts of the state. ](/news/2017/08/25/in-anticipation-of-hurricane-harvey-residents-from-corpus-christi-to-galveston-texas-and-workers-from-gulf-of-mexico-oil-platforms-are-ev.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
7. [Tropical Storm Colin forms in the Gulf of Mexico and is likely to hit Florida's Gulf Coast tomorrow. ](/news/2016/06/5/tropical-storm-colin-forms-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-and-is-likely-to-hit-florida-s-gulf-coast-tomorrow.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
8. [State oil company Petroleos Mexicanos reports the death toll has risen to 28 from Wednesday's explosion at Petroquimica Mexicana de Vinilo's Clorados 3 petrochemical plant in the Gulf port city of Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz. Some workers are still missing while 18 others remain hospitalized. Officials say the explosion came from an unspecified leak. The plant produces the hazardous industrial chemical vinyl chloride. ](/news/2016/04/22/state-oil-company-petroleos-mexicanos-reports-the-death-toll-has-risen-to-28-from-wednesday-s-explosion-at-petroquimica-mexicana-de-vinilo-s.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
9. [At least 24 people are killed, 136 others injured, and eight workers still missing from yesterday's blast at the major Clorados 3 petrochemical plant of Petroquimica Mexicana de Vinilo. Nineteen people remain hospitalized, with 13 in serious condition. The plant is run by Mexichem under agreement with Petroleos Mexicanos (Pemex), the national petrochemical company, in Coatzacoalcos, Veracruz, Mexico, on the country's southern Gulf of Mexico coast. Pemex had an earlier fire at the same facility in February 2016 that killed one worker; also that month, an offshore Pemex Gulf platform fire killed two and injured eight. ](/news/2016/04/21/at-least-24-people-are-killed-136-others-injured-and-eight-workers-still-missing-from-yesterday-s-blast-at-the-major-clorados-3-petrochemi.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
10. [Nine Cuban migrants die and 18 others are rescued by the Royal Caribbean's "Brilliance of the Seas" cruise ship in the Gulf of Mexico, 130 miles west of Marco Island, Florida. The group had been sailing for 22 days in a 30-foot long "rustic" boat. The survivors were severely dehydrated and in poor condition. Those who had died were buried at sea. The cruise ship is taking the migrants to its next stop, the Mexican island of Cozumel. ](/news/2016/03/19/nine-cuban-migrants-die-and-18-others-are-rescued-by-the-royal-caribbean-s-brilliance-of-the-seas-cruise-ship-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-130-m.md) _Context: Gulf of Mexico_
