### [2015-09-13](/news/2015/09/13/index.md)

# A PKK car bombing on a checkpoint kills two Turkish police officers and injures five others in south-eastern Turkey. Also, Turkish security forces impose a curfew in the region's largest city, Diyarbakir. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/2015/09/13/us-turkey-kurds-attack-idUSKCN0RD04N20150913)

### Related:

1. [Turkish police headquarters in Midyat and Cinar, Diyarbakir, are hit by car bombs, killing six people and injuring 39. No group has claimed responsibility but the government accuses PKK rebels of carrying out the attack. ](/news/2016/01/14/turkish-police-headquarters-in-midyat-and-aa-nar-diyarbaka-r-are-hit-by-car-bombs-killing-six-people-and-injuring-39-no-group-has-claim.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkey-PKK conflict, Turkish police_
2. [Turkish Armed Forces claims that it has killed three Kurdistan Workers' Party fighters in air strikes in southeastern Turkey near the borders with Iraq. ](/news/2016/09/1/turkish-armed-forces-claims-that-it-has-killed-three-kurdistan-workers-party-fighters-in-air-strikes-in-southeastern-turkey-near-the-border.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkish troops_
3. [Eight Turkish police officers are killed and 40 are injured in a bombing at a police checkpoint in the town of Cizre, with the PKK believed to be responsible. ](/news/2016/08/26/eight-turkish-police-officers-are-killed-and-40-are-injured-in-a-bombing-at-a-police-checkpoint-in-the-town-of-cizre-with-the-pkk-believed.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkish police_
4. [Turkish Armed Forces state two soldiers are killed and three wounded  in a pair of attacks by Kurdistan Workers' Party fighters in Diyarbakir Province in the country's southeast.  ](/news/2016/06/28/turkish-armed-forces-state-two-soldiers-are-killed-and-three-wounded-in-a-pair-of-attacks-by-kurdistan-workers-party-fighters-in-diyarbaka.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkish troops_
5. [The Turkish military say it carried out air strikes in northern Iraq against targets belonging to the Kurdistan Workers' Party, hitting weapon stores and shelters. ](/news/2016/04/5/the-turkish-military-say-it-carried-out-air-strikes-in-northern-iraq-against-targets-belonging-to-the-kurdistan-workers-party-hitting-weap.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkish troops_
6. [Two Turkish police officers are killed and at least 14 others including several civilians are injured by a car bomb attack on a police station in the town of Nusaybin, near the Syria-Turkey border. The Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) are blamed for the attack. ](/news/2016/03/4/two-turkish-police-officers-are-killed-and-at-least-14-others-including-several-civilians-are-injured-by-a-car-bomb-attack-on-a-police-stati.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkish police_
7. [A car bomb, targeting an armored vehicle transporting police personnel, explodes close to a bus terminal in the Baglar district of Diyarbakir, Turkey, killing at least seven police officers and wounding 27 more people, including 13 officers, according to  a joint statement by Turkish officials and the police. The  attack comes one day before Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu's scheduled visit to the city. There has been no claim of responsibility. CNN points out both Kurdish rebels and ISIL militants have claimed similar recent incidents.  ](/news/2016/03/31/a-car-bomb-targeting-an-armored-vehicle-transporting-police-personnel-explodes-close-to-a-bus-terminal-in-the-baalar-district-of-diyarbak.md) _Context: Diyarbakir, Kurdistan Workers' Party_
8. [Turkey declares a curfew in the town of Yuksekova on the border with Iran as Turkish forces prepare an offensive against the PKK. ](/news/2016/03/13/turkey-declares-a-curfew-in-the-town-of-ya1-4ksekova-on-the-border-with-iran-as-turkish-forces-prepare-an-offensive-against-the-pkk.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkish troops_
9. [Military vehicles explode outside a Turkish Armed Forces barracks in Ankara, Turkey, killing at least 28 people and injuring 61 others. Authorities believe a car bomb caused the blast. A senior Turkish security source says initial signs indicate that the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) are responsible. ](/news/2016/02/17/military-vehicles-explode-outside-a-turkish-armed-forces-barracks-in-ankara-turkey-killing-at-least-28-people-and-injuring-61-others-auth.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkish troops_
10. [Turkish security forces kill at least 32 Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) militants over the weekend, in military operations across the embattled Kurdish-majority southeast. ](/news/2016/01/10/turkish-security-forces-kill-at-least-32-kurdistan-workers-party-pkk-militants-over-the-weekend-in-military-operations-across-the-embatt.md) _Context: Kurdistan Workers' Party, Turkish troops_
