### [2015-09-13](/news/2015/09/13/index.md)

# Thirty-four refugees, including four babies and 11 children, drown in the Aegean Sea when their wooden boat sinks off the Greek island of Farmakonissi, close to Turkey's coast. 

Thirty-four refugees, almost half of them babies and children, drowned when their boat sank off a Greek island on Sunday, almost certainly the largest death toll in those waters since the migrant crisis began, the coastguard said.


### Source:

1. [Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/world/migrant-crisis/thirtyfour-refugees-including-babies-children-drown-as-boat-capsizes-off-greek-island-20150913-gjlpr3.html)
2. [Xinhua News Agency](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/2015-09/14/c_134620218.htm)

### Related:

1. [NATO, during a two-day meeting, considers request from Turkey and Greece to monitor migrant transit in the Aegean Sea and to combat human traffickers  squeezing refugees onto unsafe boats. ](/news/2016/02/10/nato-during-a-two-day-meeting-considers-request-from-turkey-and-greece-to-monitor-migrant-transit-in-the-aegean-sea-and-to-combat-human-tr.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, Greece, Turkish, refugee_
2. [A boat carrying Iraqi Kurd migrants sinks off the Greek island of Samos  in the Aegean Sea off Turkey's Anatolian coast, killing at least 24 people, including several children, with 11 others missing. ](/news/2016/01/28/a-boat-carrying-iraqi-kurd-migrants-sinks-off-the-greek-island-of-samos-in-the-aegean-sea-off-turkey-s-anatolian-coast-killing-at-least-24.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, Greece, Turkish_
3. [A boat carrying Syrian migrants sinks in the Aegean Sea between Turkey and Greece with seventeen people on board. ](/news/2015/09/27/a-boat-carrying-syrian-migrants-sinks-in-the-aegean-sea-between-turkey-and-greece-with-seventeen-people-on-board.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, Greece, Turkish_
4. [A magnitude 6.4 earthquake occurs in the Aegean Sea between Greece and Turkey with reports of serious damage on the Turkish island of Gokceada and the cities of Edirne and Canakkale. ](/news/2014/05/24/a-magnitude-6-4-earthquake-occurs-in-the-aegean-sea-between-greece-and-turkey-with-reports-of-serious-damage-on-the-turkish-island-of-gapkass.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, Greece, Turkish_
5. [At least 18 asylum seekers drown in the Aegean Sea while trying to reach Greece from Turkey. ](/news/2012/12/15/at-least-18-asylum-seekers-drown-in-the-aegean-sea-while-trying-to-reach-greece-from-turkey.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, Greece, Turkish_
6. [Police in northern Greece move  more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-border-to-a-shelter-near-t.md) _Context: Greece, Turkish_
7. [Greece starts deporting migrants to Turkey. ](/news/2016/04/4/greece-starts-deporting-migrants-to-turkey.md) _Context: Greece, Turkish_
8. [At least 25 migrants, including 10 children, drown  after their wooden boat capsizes in the Aegean Sea near the seaside town of Didim, Turkey. The Turkish Coast Guard was able to rescue 15 people. ](/news/2016/03/6/at-least-25-migrants-including-10-children-drown-after-their-wooden-boat-capsizes-in-the-aegean-sea-near-the-seaside-town-of-didim-turke.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, Turkish_
9. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Greece, Turkish_
10. [ European Union leaders offer Turkey a detailed package of cash and incentives to agree that all migrants attempting to cross the Aegean Sea by raft or boat would be sent back to Turkey which, in effect, becomes the region's migrant holding center. A number of stumbling blocks remain, such as raising the amount of aid from 3 billion euros to at least 6 billion euros; reducing the "72 arduous conditions" the Turks must meet to implement visa-free travel for Turkish citizens;  Europe agrees to  accelerate talks with Ankara on its EU bid; etc.  Human Rights Watch protests the proposed  fast-track collective expulsions that fail to take individual circumstances into account and breach peoples' right to seek asylum. ](/news/2016/03/18/european-union-leaders-offer-turkey-a-detailed-package-of-cash-and-incentives-to-agree-that-all-migrants-attempting-to-cross-the-aegean-sea.md) _Context: Aegean Sea, Turkish_
