### [2007-07-6](/news/2007/07/6/index.md)

#  Australian authorities increase security as the interrogation of Dr. Mohamed Haneef over his possible involvement in the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack and the 2007 London car bombs incidents continues. The Australian Federal Police conducts raids on two hospitals in Perth, Western Australia. 

Australian police holding an Indian doctor suspected of links with the plot to explode car bombs in London and Glasgow raided two hospitals on Friday and expanded their probe to at least five more doctors.


### Source:

1. [AP via the ''Houston Chronicle](http://www.chron.com/disp/story.mpl/ap/world/4947284.html)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/topNews/idUSSYD26830320070706?feedType=RSS&pageNumber=2)

### Related:

1. [ Dr Mohamed Haneef is granted bail by a Queensland magistrate on charges of supporting a terrorist organisation in relation to the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack and the 2007 London car bombs. The Australian government later revokes his visa. ](/news/2007/07/16/dr-mohamed-haneef-is-granted-bail-by-a-queensland-magistrate-on-charges-of-supporting-a-terrorist-organisation-in-relation-to-the-2007-glas.md) _Context: 2007 attack, Australia, Mohamed Haneef, planned car bomb attacks_
2. [ The Australian Federal Police charge Dr. Mohamed Haneef with "providing support to a terrorist organization" in relation to the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack and the 2007 London car bombs. ](/news/2007/07/14/the-australian-federal-police-charge-dr-mohamed-haneef-with-providing-support-to-a-terrorist-organization-in-relation-to-the-2007-glasgo.md) _Context: 2007 attack, Mohamed Haneef, planned car bomb attacks, police_
3. [ The Australian government upgrades its travel alert for the United Kingdom following the 2007 Glasgow International Airport attack and the 2007 London car bombs discovery. ](/news/2007/07/1/the-australian-government-upgrades-its-travel-alert-for-the-united-kingdom-following-the-2007-glasgow-international-airport-attack-and-the.md) _Context: 2007 attack, Australia, planned car bomb attacks_
4. [Australian police in Sydney arrest two men  who, police say, were planning attacks on locations such as  naval bases and police headquarters. New South Wales Deputy Police Commissioner  Catherine Burn said Wednesday's activity brings the number of people arrested in connection with last year's Operation Appleby to 13. ](/news/2015/12/23/australian-police-in-sydney-arrest-two-men-who-police-say-were-planning-attacks-on-locations-such-as-naval-bases-and-police-headquarters.md) _Context: Australia, police_
5. [Detectives from Scotland Yard contact police in Australia over the apparent suicide of Jacintha Saldanha. ](/news/2012/12/9/detectives-from-scotland-yard-contact-police-in-australia-over-the-apparent-suicide-of-jacintha-saldanha.md) _Context: Australia, police_
6. [A dozen members of the Australian Federal Police are expelled from Vanuatu, following a diplomatic row over the arrest of the Prime Minister of Vanuatu's private secretary in Australia last month. ](/news/2012/05/10/a-dozen-members-of-the-australian-federal-police-are-expelled-from-vanuatu-following-a-diplomatic-row-over-the-arrest-of-the-prime-minister.md) _Context: Australia, police_
7. [The Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting 2011 finishes in the Australian city of  Perth. ](/news/2011/10/30/the-commonwealth-heads-of-government-meeting-2011-finishes-in-the-australian-city-of-perth.md) _Context: Australia, Perth_
8. [2011 Puyehue eruption:Australian airlines QANTAS and Virgin Australia suspends flights to Perth, Western Australia, due to ash from the eruption in Chile, with flights to Tasmania and New Zealand also cancelled. ](/news/2011/06/15/2011-puyehue-eruption-paustralian-airlines-qantas-and-virgin-australia-suspends-flights-to-perth-western-australia-due-to-ash-from-the-eru.md) _Context: Australia, Perth_
9. [Australian Federal Police (AFP) and Victorian Police raid premises across Victoria in relation to alleged financing of a terrorist organisation believed to be the Kurdish Workers Party. One of the premises raided was of the Kurdish Association of Victoria; the AFP also raids properties in Sydney and Perth. ](/news/2010/08/19/australian-federal-police-afp-and-victorian-police-raid-premises-across-victoria-in-relation-to-alleged-financing-of-a-terrorist-organisat.md) _Context: Perth, police_
10. [ Dr Mohamed Haneef wins his bid in the Federal Court to have his Australian work visa reinstated after Immigration Minister Kevin Andrews canceled it after Dr Haneef was charged with "providing material support to a terrorist organization." [http://www.abc.net.au/news/stories/2007/08/21/2010804.htm (ABC News Australia)] Andrews later says the Australian government would appeal against the court ruling. ](/news/2007/08/21/dr-mohamed-haneef-wins-his-bid-in-the-federal-court-to-have-his-australian-work-visa-reinstated-after-immigration-minister-kevin-andrews-ca.md) _Context: Australia, Mohamed Haneef_
