### [2015-07-2](/news/2015/07/2/index.md)

# London-based BP  agrees,  pending court approval, to pay $US18.7 billion to compensate the United States government and the five  Gulf Coast states--Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi and Texas--for damages stemming from the 2010 Gulf of Mexico oil spill. The settlement includes a civil penalty of $US5.5 billion under the Clean Water Act. 




### Source:

1. [AP via ''Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/national/energy-environment/gulf-states-reach-187b-settlement-with-bp-over-oil-spill/2015/07/02/3eaa4586-20bc-11e5-a135-935065bc30d0_story.html)
2. [Fortune](http://fortune.com/2015/07/02/bp-to-pay-18-billion-to-settle-all-federal-state-claims-over-gulf-spill/)

### Related:

1. [U.S. federal magistrate Carl Barbier's ruling caps BP's fine under the Clean Water Act for its 2010 ''Deepwater Horizon'' oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico at $13.7 billion. ](/news/2015/01/16/u-s-federal-magistrate-carl-barbier-s-ruling-caps-bp-s-fine-under-the-clean-water-act-for-its-2010-deepwater-horizon-oil-spill-in-the-g.md) _Context: BP, Deepwater Horizon oil spill, Gulf of Mexico, federal Clean Water Act_
2. [A moderate severe weather outbreak pounds several southern U.S. states on Christmas Day, including Texas, Alabama, Mississippi and Louisiana. More than 30 tornadoes are reported as the storms leave at least six people dead. The system is expected to move northeast and affect the East Coast with high winds and heavy snowfall. ](/news/2012/12/26/a-moderate-severe-weather-outbreak-pounds-several-southern-u-s-states-on-christmas-day-including-texas-alabama-mississippi-and-louisiana.md) _Context: Alabama, Louisiana, Mississippi, Texas_
3. [Tropical Storm Isaac:The United States National Hurricane Center issues hurricane warnings for the states of Florida, Alabama, Mississippi and Louisiana. A state of emergency is in effect in these four areas. ](/news/2012/08/26/tropical-storm-isaac-pthe-united-states-national-hurricane-center-issues-hurricane-warnings-for-the-states-of-florida-alabama-mississippi.md) _Context: Alabama, Florida, Louisiana, Mississippi_
4. [Scientists are finding enormous oil plumes in the deep waters of the Gulf of Mexico, including one as large as 10 miles long, 3 miles wide and 300 feet thick in spots as fresh evidence that the leak from the broken undersea well could be substantially worse than estimates that the United States government and BP have given. ](/news/2010/05/16/scientists-are-finding-enormous-oil-plumes-in-the-deep-waters-of-the-gulf-of-mexico-including-one-as-large-as-10-miles-long-3-miles-wide-a.md) _Context: BP, Deepwater Horizon oil spill, Gulf of Mexico, United States_
5. [Multiple tornadoes tear through New Orleans, Baton Rouge, and other parts of  southeastern Louisiana, injuring at least 20 people; no deaths have been reported. The severe weather also delivers heavy rain and hail in Mississippi and Alabama.  ](/news/2017/02/7/multiple-tornadoes-tear-through-new-orleans-baton-rouge-and-other-parts-of-southeastern-louisiana-injuring-at-least-20-people-no-deaths.md) _Context: Alabama, Louisiana, Mississippi_
6. [Tropical Storm Colin forms in the Gulf of Mexico and is likely to hit Florida's Gulf Coast tomorrow. ](/news/2016/06/5/tropical-storm-colin-forms-in-the-gulf-of-mexico-and-is-likely-to-hit-florida-s-gulf-coast-tomorrow.md) _Context: Florida, Gulf Coast of the United States, Gulf of Mexico_
7. [A United States federal district judge rules unconstitutional a provision in an Alabama state law that requires  doctors who perform abortions to have admitting privileges at a local hospital.  A Florida law enacted today contains a comparable provision to Alabama's. The U.S. Supreme Court heard arguments  a few weeks ago  on the constitutionality of similar abortion restrictions in Texas. ](/news/2016/03/25/a-united-states-federal-district-judge-rules-unconstitutional-a-provision-in-an-alabama-state-law-that-requires-doctors-who-perform-abortio.md) _Context: Alabama, Florida, Texas_
8. [Six people have been killed in Louisiana, Texas, and  Oklahoma, with two Mississippi fishermen missing, in this week's  flooding in the America's Deep South.  More than 24 inches of rain has fallen in some of the hardest-hit areas with more rain today that is expected to lead to additional flooding later this week. ](/news/2016/03/13/six-people-have-been-killed-in-louisiana-texas-and-oklahoma-with-two-mississippi-fishermen-missing-in-this-week-s-flooding-in-the-amer.md) _Context: Louisiana, Mississippi, Texas_
9. [The United States Department of Justice files papers in court documenting BP's "gross negligence and willful misconduct" over the April 2010 oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2012/09/4/the-united-states-department-of-justice-files-papers-in-court-documenting-bp-s-gross-negligence-and-willful-misconduct-over-the-april-2010.md) _Context: BP, Deepwater Horizon oil spill, Gulf of Mexico_
10. [BP and plaintiffs reach an agreement over compensation for the Deepwater Horizon oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico. ](/news/2012/03/2/bp-and-plaintiffs-reach-an-agreement-over-compensation-for-the-deepwater-horizon-oil-spill-in-the-gulf-of-mexico.md) _Context: BP, Deepwater Horizon oil spill, Gulf of Mexico_
