### [2009-02-23](/news/2009/02/23/index.md)

#  Member of Parliament Peter Archer's report into the United Kingdom's tainted blood scandal chiefly blames United States pharmaceutical companies that provided contaminated blood plasma, thus infecting approximately 5,700 hemophiliacs with HIV or hepatitis C. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5iWDI-NIaxtKXJiPSrIXPw_I895kAD96HFE3O0)

### Related:

1. [The British Parliament debates a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban, because of 'hate speech,' United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the United Kingdom. Almost all of the 50 MPs (member of parliament), of the 650-member legislative body, present criticized Trump -- especially his comments on Muslims -- but few supported an entry ban. ](/news/2016/01/18/the-british-parliament-debates-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-home-secretary-to-ban-because-of-hate-speec.md) _Context: MP, Parliament, United Kingdom, United States_
2. [ The United Kingdom confirms the first case of a person contracting Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease after receiving contaminated blood plasma. ](/news/2009/02/15/the-united-kingdom-confirms-the-first-case-of-a-person-contracting-creutzfeldt-jakob-disease-after-receiving-contaminated-blood-plasma.md) _Context: United Kingdom, blood plasma, contaminated, infection_
3. [On January 18, 2016, the British Parliament will debate a petition, signed by more than 560,000 people, calling for the Home Secretary to ban United States Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump from entering the United Kingdom because of 'hate speech' that is unacceptable behavior, non-conducive to the public good. The conclusion reached by the lawmakers will not be binding on the UK government. ](/news/2016/01/5/on-january-18-2016-the-british-parliament-will-debate-a-petition-signed-by-more-than-560-000-people-calling-for-the-home-secretary-to-ba.md) _Context: Parliament, United Kingdom, United States_
4. [Britain is reviewing the powers of the House of Lords after the unelected peers stalled legislation yesterday that would have eliminated some tax allowances for the nation's poor. Senior Conservatives say the upper chamber of Parliament stepped out of their usual roles as technical overseers of legislation. However, Conservative MP David Davis warned that such a move was "bully politics" that would "disgust" the public. ](/news/2015/10/27/britain-is-reviewing-the-powers-of-the-house-of-lords-after-the-unelected-peers-stalled-legislation-yesterday-that-would-have-eliminated-som.md) _Context: MP, Parliament, United Kingdom_
5. [Former British Foreign Secretary David Miliband confirms he is to resign as an MP and move to the United States to become head of the International Rescue Committee in New York. ](/news/2013/03/26/former-british-foreign-secretary-david-miliband-confirms-he-is-to-resign-as-an-mp-and-move-to-the-united-states-to-become-head-of-the-intern.md) _Context: MP, United Kingdom, United States_
6. [ Labour Party Members of the United Kingdom's Parliament circulate an e-mail that requests Prime Minister Gordon Brown's resignation. ](/news/2009/06/3/labour-party-members-of-the-united-kingdom-s-parliament-circulate-an-e-mail-that-requests-prime-minister-gordon-brown-s-resignation.md) _Context: MP, Parliament, United Kingdom_
7. [ Member of Parliament for Scunthorpe Elliot Morley will resign at the United Kingdom's 2010 General Election. ](/news/2009/05/29/member-of-parliament-for-scunthorpe-elliot-morley-will-resign-at-the-united-kingdom-s-2010-general-election.md) _Context: MP, Parliament, United Kingdom_
8. [ Twenty members of the United Kingdom's Parliament demand House of Commons Speaker Michael Martin's resignation, amid at the 2009 expenses scandal. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/uk_politics/8054657.stm (BBC)] [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/newstopics/mps-expenses/5344495/Speaker-Michael-Martin-sorry-but-refuses-to-resign.html "(The Daily Telegraph)"]](/news/2009/05/18/twenty-members-of-the-united-kingdom-s-parliament-demand-house-of-commons-speaker-michael-martin-s-resignation-amid-at-the-2009-expenses-s.md) _Context: MP, Parliament, United Kingdom_
9. [ British Member of Parliament John McDonnell (Hayes and Harlington) is suspended after manhandling the ceremonial mace during House of Commons proceedings. ](/news/2009/01/15/british-member-of-parliament-john-mcdonnell-hayes-and-harlington-is-suspended-after-manhandling-the-ceremonial-mace-during-house-of-commo.md) _Context: MP, Parliament, United Kingdom_
10. [ Speaker of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom Michael Martin accuses Scotland Yard of not having a search warrant before its officers entered Member of Parliament Damian Green's Commons office and failing to inform Serjeant-at-Arms Jill Pay that she was entitled to request one. ](/news/2008/12/3/speaker-of-the-house-of-commons-of-the-united-kingdom-michael-martin-accuses-scotland-yard-of-not-having-a-search-warrant-before-its-office.md) _Context: MP, Parliament, United Kingdom_
