### [2010-11-12](/news/2010/11/12/index.md)

# Leaders from Germany, France and the United Kingdom hold an emergency meeting at the 2010 G-20 Seoul summit after panic selling of Irish debt spreads to Spain and Portugal. 

Ireland is in talks to receive emergency funding from the European Union and is likely to become the second euro zone country after Greece to obtain an international rescue, official sources said on Friday.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-11739748)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/idUSTRE6AB0P420101112)
2. [Cover Image](https://s1.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20101112&t=2&i=247739765&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=2010-11-12T174142Z_01_BTRE6AB0M5U00_RTROPTP_0_G20)

### Related:

1. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: France, Germany, Ireland, Spanish, United Kingdom_
2. [The remnants of former Tropical Storm Henri combines with another storm in western Europe to cause heavy rains and possible floods in the United Kingdom, France, Spain and Portugal. ](/news/2015/09/16/the-remnants-of-former-tropical-storm-henri-combines-with-another-storm-in-western-europe-to-cause-heavy-rains-and-possible-floods-in-the-un.md) _Context: France, Portugal, Spanish, United Kingdom_
3. [Moody's Investors Service downgrades the credit ratings of several European Union members including Italy, Malta, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia and Spain and issues a negative outlook for the ratings of Austria, France and the United Kingdom. ](/news/2012/02/13/moody-s-investors-service-downgrades-the-credit-ratings-of-several-european-union-members-including-italy-malta-portugal-slovakia-sloven.md) _Context: France, Portugal, Spanish, United Kingdom_
4. [Four European nations (the United Kingdom, France, Germany and Portugal) circulate a draft United Nations Security Council resolution condemning the Government of Syria for its recent crackdown on protesters. ](/news/2011/08/2/four-european-nations-the-united-kingdom-france-germany-and-portugal-circulate-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-condem.md) _Context: France, Germany, Portugal, United Kingdom_
5. [A final funding deal for the Airbus A400M military transport aircraft has been agreed to by the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Belgium, Luxembourg, Spain and Turkey. ](/news/2010/11/5/a-final-funding-deal-for-the-airbus-a400m-military-transport-aircraft-has-been-agreed-to-by-the-united-kingdom-france-germany-belgium-lu.md) _Context: France, Germany, Spanish, United Kingdom_
6. [ The Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Gordon Brown launches the International Health Partnership consisting of the World Health Organisation, the World Bank, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation as well as the governments of the United Kingdom, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Norway and Portugal. ](/news/2007/09/5/the-prime-minister-of-the-united-kingdom-gordon-brown-launches-the-international-health-partnership-consisting-of-the-world-health-organisa.md) _Context: France, Germany, Portugal, United Kingdom_
7. [Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-berlin-to-discuss-the-consequences-of-the-united-kin.md) _Context: France, Germany, United Kingdom_
8. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saudi.md) _Context: France, Germany, United Kingdom_
9. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: France, Germany, United Kingdom_
10. [Bolivia summons the ambassadors of France, Spain and Portugal to explain why their countries blocked President Evo Morales' official jet "en route" to land on the Eurozone last week, amid orders to be searched if Edward Snowden was on board. ](/news/2013/07/8/bolivia-summons-the-ambassadors-of-france-spain-and-portugal-to-explain-why-their-countries-blocked-president-evo-morales-official-jet-en.md) _Context: France, Portugal, Spanish_
