### [2010-11-12](/news/2010/11/12/index.md)

# The corpse of missing 10-year-old Australian girl Zahra Baker is found in Caldwell County in the U.S. state of North Carolina; her father and stepmother, Adam and Elisa Baker, are the main suspects in her disappearance and homicide. 

The human remains found in North Carolina Wednesday were confirmed to be those of missing Australian 10-year-old Zahra Baker, WCNC-TV reported Friday, citing a source close to the investigation.


### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/us/2010/11/12/remains-north-carolina-reportedly-confirmed-missing-girl/)

### Related:

1. [The U.S. state of North Carolina bans same-sex marriage. ](/news/2012/05/8/the-u-s-state-of-north-carolina-bans-same-sex-marriage.md) _Context: North Carolina, U.S. state_
2. [The General Assembly of the U.S. state of North Carolina votes on a motion to veto override by the Governor Bev Perdue of the state budget. ](/news/2011/06/15/the-general-assembly-of-the-u-s-state-of-north-carolina-votes-on-a-motion-to-veto-override-by-the-governor-bev-perdue-of-the-state-budget.md) _Context: North Carolina, U.S. state_
3. [The U.S. state of North Carolina orders the evacuation of Cape Hatteras and Ocracoke Island ahead of Hurricane Earl. ](/news/2010/09/1/the-u-s-state-of-north-carolina-orders-the-evacuation-of-cape-hatteras-and-ocracoke-island-ahead-of-hurricane-earl.md) _Context: North Carolina, U.S. state_
4. [ Hawaii becomes the first U.S. state and the second media market after Wilmington, North Carolina, to convert to digital television. ](/news/2009/01/15/hawaii-becomes-the-first-u-s-state-and-the-second-media-market-after-wilmington-north-carolina-to-convert-to-digital-television.md) _Context: North Carolina, U.S. state_
5. [ Mike Nifong is disbarred in the U.S. state of North Carolina for his role in the prosecution of the 2006 Duke University lacrosse case. ](/news/2007/06/16/mike-nifong-is-disbarred-in-the-u-s-state-of-north-carolina-for-his-role-in-the-prosecution-of-the-2006-duke-university-lacrosse-case.md) _Context: North Carolina, U.S. state_
6. [ Mike Nifong, facing disbarment for his actions in the 2006 Duke University lacrosse case, agrees to resign his position as district attorney for Durham County in the U.S. state of North Carolina. ](/news/2007/06/15/mike-nifong-facing-disbarment-for-his-actions-in-the-2006-duke-university-lacrosse-case-agrees-to-resign-his-position-as-district-attorne.md) _Context: North Carolina, U.S. state_
7. [ Some 18,000 people are evacuated from the Apex area of the U.S. state of North Carolina and 13 are reported injured after a blast and fire at an Environmental Quality Industrial Services chemical plant. ](/news/2006/10/6/some-18-000-people-are-evacuated-from-the-apex-area-of-the-u-s-state-of-north-carolina-and-13-are-reported-injured-after-a-blast-and-fire.md) _Context: North Carolina, U.S. state_
8. [ Tropical Storm Beryl forms off the coast of the U.S. state of North Carolina, 180 miles southeast of Cape Hatteras. It is the second tropical storm to form in the North Atlantic in the 2006 hurricane season. ](/news/2006/07/18/tropical-storm-beryl-forms-off-the-coast-of-the-u-s-state-of-north-carolina-180-miles-southeast-of-cape-hatteras-it-is-the-second-tropic.md) _Context: North Carolina, U.S. state_
9. [ Mini-Tuesday: Five states hold primaries and two states hold caucuses for the Democratic presidential nomination. U.S. Senator John Kerry of Massachusetts wins primary elections in Arizona, Delaware, New Mexico, Missouri and North Dakota, which a best result is 51 percent in Missouri. Senator John Edwards of North Carolina wins in South Carolina. Retired U.S. Army General Wesley Clark narrowly wins in Oklahoma. Former Vermont Governor Howard Dean, who opted to focus on the Michigan and Washington primaries the following Saturday, polls poorly in all these primaries, with a best result is third with 18% in New Mexico. For the first time, Kerry obtains a majority of elected delegates to the 2004 Democratic National Convention, with 244 delegates to Dean's 121, Edwards' 102 and Clark's 79. Senator Joseph Lieberman of Connecticut, having earlier announced "Joementum", comes in second in Delaware and announces his withdrawal from the race.](/news/2004/02/3/mini-tuesday-five-states-hold-primaries-and-two-states-hold-caucuses-for-the-democratic-presidential-nomination-u-s-senator-john-kerry-o.md) _Context: North Carolina, U.S. state_
10. [Australia and East Timor settle a dispute between the two countries in the Timor Sea. ](/news/2017/09/2/australia-and-east-timor-settle-a-dispute-between-the-two-countries-in-the-timor-sea.md) _Context: Australia_
