### [2010-11-12](/news/2010/11/12/index.md)

# The European Union agrees to meet with Iran to discuss its nuclear program. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-11748096)

### Related:

1. [Nuclear program of Iran. The International Atomic Energy Agency states that Iran has complied with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, paving the way for international sanctions to be lifted by the United States and European Union. ](/news/2016/01/16/nuclear-program-of-iran-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-states-that-iran-has-complied-with-its-commitments-under-the-joint-comprehen.md) _Context: European Union, Iran, nuclear scientist_
2. [Iranian diplomatic tour and medical discovery:. A group of international diplomats begins a two-day tour given by Iran as a gesture of goodwill and transparency in response to foreign concerns over its nuclear program. The European Union, Russia, and the People's Republic of China refuses its invitation. ](/news/2011/01/15/iranian-diplomatic-tour-and-medical-discovery-a-group-of-international-diplomats-begins-a-two-day-tour-given-by-iran-as-a-gesture-of-goodw.md) _Context: European Union, Iran, nuclear scientist_
3. [Iran says it is ready to resume international talks over its nuclear program "in a place and on a date convenient to both sides", says a letter to the European Union. ](/news/2010/10/29/iran-says-it-is-ready-to-resume-international-talks-over-its-nuclear-program-in-a-place-and-on-a-date-convenient-to-both-sides-says-a-let.md) _Context: European Union, Iran, nuclear scientist_
4. [ Iran advises a high-level meeting between it, the United States and European Union in Geneva over its nuclear program saying that it will not suspend production of enriched uranium. ](/news/2008/07/19/iran-advises-a-high-level-meeting-between-it-the-united-states-and-european-union-in-geneva-over-its-nuclear-program-saying-that-it-will-n.md) _Context: European Union, Iran, nuclear scientist_
5. [ President George W. Bush attends the final United States-European Union summit of his Presidency with agreements to tighten sanctions against Iran for its nuclear program. ](/news/2008/06/10/president-george-w-bush-attends-the-final-united-states-european-union-summit-of-his-presidency-with-agreements-to-tighten-sanctions-again.md) _Context: European Union, Iran, nuclear scientist_
6. [Iran confirms it has executed nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri by hanging for treason. Iranian judiciary spokesman Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i says Amiri was charged with spying for enemies of the Islamic Republic of Iran and that U.S. officials had been unaware that Iran was monitoring Amiri's efforts for the West. His body was returned to his family with rope marks around his neck. ](/news/2016/08/7/iran-confirms-it-has-executed-nuclear-scientist-shahram-amiri-by-hanging-for-treason-iranian-judiciary-spokesman-gholam-hossein-mohseni-eje.md) _Context: Iran, nuclear scientist_
7. [Iran-European Union relations. EU Foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini holds the highest-level talks between the EU and Iran in decades to mark a new phase in relations between the two. Both sides are keen to focus on trade, energy and the environment as possible areas of cooperation. ](/news/2016/04/16/iran-european-union-relations-eu-foreign-policy-chief-federica-mogherini-holds-the-highest-level-talks-between-the-eu-and-iran-in-decades.md) _Context: European Union, Iran_
8. [Nuclear program of Iran. The United Nations finds Iran's firing of a medium-range ballistic missile in October violated a June 2010 resolution banning the Islamic Republic from launches capable of delivering nuclear weapons. The test was not technically a violation of the July nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers. It's not known if the Security Council will take any action. ](/news/2015/12/15/nuclear-program-of-iran-the-united-nations-finds-iran-s-firing-of-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-in-october-violated-a-june-2010-resoluti.md) _Context: Iran, nuclear scientist_
9. [Iran's Islamic Consultative Assembly approves the deal on its nuclear program agreed with six world powers. ](/news/2015/10/13/iran-s-islamic-consultative-assembly-approves-the-deal-on-its-nuclear-program-agreed-with-six-world-powers.md) _Context: Iran, nuclear scientist_
10. [P5+1. Iran asks Austria to secure the talks over its nuclear program following reports of cybersecurity breaches. ](/news/2015/06/13/p5-1-iran-asks-austria-to-secure-the-talks-over-its-nuclear-program-following-reports-of-cybersecurity-breaches.md) _Context: Iran, nuclear scientist_
