### [2010-09-24](/news/2010/09/24/index.md)

# Judge Ronald B. Leighton of the United States District Court for the Western District of Washington rules on remand that the discharge of flight nurse Maj. Margaret Witt under the Don't ask, don't tell policy violated her constitutional rights. 




### Source:

1. [AP via MSNBC](http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/39349521)

### Related:

1. [The Obama administration asks United States District Court for the Central District of California judge Virginia A. Phillips to stay her ruling in Log Cabin Republicans v. United States of America that the Don't Ask, Don't Tell policy is unconstitutional while it appeals the decision. ](/news/2010/10/14/the-obama-administration-asks-united-states-district-court-for-the-central-district-of-california-judge-virginia-a-phillips-to-stay-her-rul.md) _Context: don't ask, don't tell, judge_
2. [Nearly 200 members of the Democratic Party in the United States Congress file a lawsuit in the federal court, claiming that U.S. President Trump profits from business dealings with foreign governments, in violation of the United States Constitution's emolument clauses. This is the third such suit of its kind, following on the heels of the most recent suit by the Attorneys General of Maryland and the District of Columbia.](/news/2017/06/14/nearly-200-members-of-the-democratic-party-in-the-united-states-congress-file-a-lawsuit-in-the-federal-court-claiming-that-u-s-president-t.md) _Context: United States Constitution_
3. [The Supreme Court of the United States accepts a petition by five people from American Samoa arguing that people born in this U.S. territory are entitled to U.S citizenship under the United States Constitution. The State Department currently opposes this idea. ](/news/2016/06/2/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-accepts-a-petition-by-five-people-from-american-samoa-arguing-that-people-born-in-this-u-s-territory.md) _Context: United States Constitution_
4. [A U.S. federal judge declines plaintiffs request for an emergency order requiring Texas issue birth certificates to U.S.-born children of immigrant families who entered the country illegally. The judge said Matricula Consular cards issued by Mexican consulates to their citizens in the U.S. aren't secure. The U.S. Constitution's 14th Amendment guarantees the right of citizenship to children born in the United States. ](/news/2015/10/16/a-u-s-federal-judge-declines-plaintiffs-request-for-an-emergency-order-requiring-texas-issue-birth-certificates-to-u-s-born-children-of-im.md) _Context: United States Constitution_
5. [The U.S. Supreme Court rules that Section 3 of the Defense of Marriage Act is unconstitutional and in violation of the Fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution. ](/news/2013/06/26/the-u-s-supreme-court-rules-that-section-3-of-the-defense-of-marriage-act-is-unconstitutional-and-in-violation-of-the-fifth-amendment-to-th.md) _Context: United States Constitution_
6. [A judge declines to throw out the case against actress Lindsay Lohan in which she is accused of lying to a California police officer after a car accident in 2012. ](/news/2013/03/2/a-judge-declines-to-throw-out-the-case-against-actress-lindsay-lohan-in-which-she-is-accused-of-lying-to-a-california-police-officer-after-a.md) _Context: judge_
7. [Prosecutors ask a judge of the Manhattan federal district court to sentence Peter Madoff, brother and co-conspirator of infamous scammer Bernard Madoff, to a sentence of ten years. ](/news/2012/12/13/prosecutors-ask-a-judge-of-the-manhattan-federal-district-court-to-sentence-peter-madoff-brother-and-co-conspirator-of-infamous-scammer-ber.md) _Context: judge_
8. [The United States military officially ends its policy known as "don't ask, don't tell" and allows homosexual personnel to publicly declare their sexual orientation without being dismissed. ](/news/2011/09/20/the-united-states-military-officially-ends-its-policy-known-as-don-t-ask-don-t-tell-and-allows-homosexual-personnel-to-publicly-declare-t.md) _Context: don't ask, don't tell_
9. [The Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals orders the Obama administration to cease its enforcement of the ban on gay men and women in the military ("Don't ask, don't tell"). ](/news/2011/07/6/the-ninth-u-s-circuit-court-of-appeals-orders-the-obama-administration-to-cease-its-enforcement-of-the-ban-on-gay-men-and-women-in-the-mili.md) _Context: don't ask, don't tell_
10. [Timothy Geithner, the United States Secretary of the Treasury, says that President Barack Obama will not invoke the United States Constitution to raise the debt ceiling unilaterally. The idea has been under consideration due to the 14th amendment requiring that "the validity of the public debt of the United States [...] shall not be questioned." ](/news/2011/07/24/timothy-geithner-the-united-states-secretary-of-the-treasury-says-that-president-barack-obama-will-not-invoke-the-united-states-constituti.md) _Context: United States Constitution_
