### [2010-09-24](/news/2010/09/24/index.md)

# The United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton meets with the President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas to discuss an extension of the Middle East peace process. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Google News](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5hE6ebNMh0_w_PGt3sDXhRHw54big)

### Related:

1. [ U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Palestinian National Authority President Mahmoud Abbas meet in the West Bank. ](/news/2009/03/4/u-s-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-and-palestinian-national-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-meet-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, United States Secretary of State_
2. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah and urges him to restart peace talks, before holding talks with the Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. ](/news/2013/04/8/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-palestinian-authority-president-mahmoud-abbas-in-ramallah-and-urges-him-to-restart-peace-t.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, United States Secretary of State_
3. [ Israel releases 199 Palestinian prisoners as a goodwill gesture to the President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas as the United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice visits the area. ](/news/2008/08/25/israel-releases-199-palestinian-prisoners-as-a-goodwill-gesture-to-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-as-the.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, United States Secretary of State_
4. [ United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice meets with the Prime Minister of Israel Ehud Olmert and the President of the Palestinian National Authority Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2007/02/19/united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-meets-with-the-prime-minister-of-israel-ehud-olmert-and-the-president-of-the-palestinian.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President, United States Secretary of State_
5. [In the United States, Hillary Clinton is criticized by the State Department-s inspector general for her usage of a private email server while she was secretary of state. The finding also concluded though that former secretary of state Colin Powell also had a private email server, as did former ambassador to Kenya Scott Gration. The inspector referred to the email server usage as "longstanding systemic weaknesses". ](/news/2016/05/25/in-the-united-states-hillary-clinton-is-criticized-by-the-state-department-s-inspector-general-for-her-usage-of-a-private-email-server-wh.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, United States Secretary of State_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Palestinian political violence. Palestinian rioters set fire to the building containing Joseph's Tomb in the West Bank city of Nablus causing heavy damage to the structure before the fire is put out. Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemns the attack. ](/news/2015/10/16/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-political-violence-palestinian-rioters-set-fire-to-the-building-containing-joseph-s-tomb-in-the-w.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
7. [United States presidential election, 2016. Hillary Clinton, former United States Secretary of State, announces that she is seeking the Democratic Party nomination for President in the 2016 election. ](/news/2015/04/12/united-states-presidential-election-2016-hillary-clinton-former-united-states-secretary-of-state-announces-that-she-is-seeking-the-democ.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, United States Secretary of State_
8. [A woman is arrested after she throws a shoe at the head of former United States Secretary of State Hillary Clinton as she was giving a speech in Las Vegas, Nevada. ](/news/2014/04/11/a-woman-is-arrested-after-she-throws-a-shoe-at-the-head-of-former-united-states-secretary-of-state-hillary-clinton-as-she-was-giving-a-speec.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, United States Secretary of State_
9. [Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian National Authority, accepts the resignation of Prime Minister Rami Hamdallah who had offered his resignation on Thursday. ](/news/2013/06/23/mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-accepts-the-resignation-of-prime-minister-rami-hamdallah-who-had-offered.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
10. [Salam Fayyad resigns as Prime Minister of the Palestinian National Authority following an ongoing dispute with the President Mahmoud Abbas. ](/news/2013/04/13/salam-fayyad-resigns-as-prime-minister-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-following-an-ongoing-dispute-with-the-president-mahmoud-abbas.md) _Context: Mahmoud Abbas, Palestinian Authority President_
