### [2003-11-29](/news/2003/11/29/index.md)

#  Occupation of Iraq: A team of eight Spanish intelligence agents is attacked south of Baghdad; seven are killed and one wounded. Two Japanese diplomats are killed near Tikrit. Two U.S. soldiers and a Colombian civilian contractor are killed in Baghdad.




### Related:

1. [Iraqi engineers warn that the Mosul Dam could collapse at anytime, resulting in a catastrophic flash flood that could kill up to one million people along the Tigris, with the major Iraqi cites of Mosul, Tikrit, Samarra and Baghdad all at risk. The U.S. embassy in Baghdad has urged American citizens to leave the area. ](/news/2016/03/2/iraqi-engineers-warn-that-the-mosul-dam-could-collapse-at-anytime-resulting-in-a-catastrophic-flash-flood-that-could-kill-up-to-one-million.md) _Context: Baghdad, Tikrit_
2. [The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for a suicide bomb attack on a Iraqi Army base (Camp Speicher, now known as Tikrit Air Academy), near the town of Tikrit, north of Baghdad, that killed at least 15 and injured 22. ](/news/2016/01/3/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-for-a-suicide-bomb-attack-on-a-iraqi-army-base-camp-speicher-now-known-as-t.md) _Context: Baghdad, Tikrit_
3. [At least 33 people are killed and more than 160 others are wounded during a wave of bombings in Kirkuk, Baqubah, Tikrit, Fallujah, Nassiriyah, Mussayab and Baghdad. ](/news/2013/04/15/at-least-33-people-are-killed-and-more-than-160-others-are-wounded-during-a-wave-of-bombings-in-kirkuk-baqubah-tikrit-fallujah-nassiriya.md) _Context: Baghdad, Tikrit_
4. [A suicide attacker blows up a tanker lorry at the police headquarters in the Iraqi city of Tikrit, killing at least nine people. Three people are killed in a separate shooting in Baghdad. ](/news/2013/04/1/a-suicide-attacker-blows-up-a-tanker-lorry-at-the-police-headquarters-in-the-iraqi-city-of-tikrit-killing-at-least-nine-people-three-peopl.md) _Context: Baghdad, Tikrit_
5. [ A roadside bomb kills a U.S. soldier and wounds another in Salman Pak, south of Baghdad. An Iraqi Oil Ministry official is shot dead while leaving his house in Baghdad. The militant group Army of Ansar al-Sunna release a video on their website confirming the beheading of an Iraqi officer kidnapped in Mosul. In Tikrit, fires continue to burn from major oil wells and a pipeline attacked earlier, halting oil exports. The militant Brigades of Iraq's Honorable People release videos showing beheadings of three Iraqi security guards kidnapped in Baghdad. ](/news/2004/11/3/a-roadside-bomb-kills-a-u-s-soldier-and-wounds-another-in-salman-pak-south-of-baghdad-an-iraqi-oil-ministry-official-is-shot-dead-while.md) _Context: Baghdad, Tikrit_
6. [ Occupation of Iraq: Six United States soldiers are killed over the weekend in three separate insurgent roadside bomb attacks, two in Baghdad and one in Tikrit. This occurs amidst the largest U.S. troop rotation since World War&nbsp;II.](/news/2004/03/14/occupation-of-iraq-six-united-states-soldiers-are-killed-over-the-weekend-in-three-separate-insurgent-roadside-bomb-attacks-two-in-baghda.md) _Context: Baghdad, Tikrit_
7. [ Occupation of Iraq: Suicide bombers in two vehicles killed 11 Iraqis and wounded 58 foreign troops and 44 Iraqis near the entrance to a Polish-manned coalition logistics base near the town of Hilla in central Iraq south of Baghdad. ](/news/2004/02/18/occupation-of-iraq-suicide-bombers-in-two-vehicles-killed-11-iraqis-and-wounded-58-foreign-troops-and-44-iraqis-near-the-entrance-to-a-pol.md) _Context: Baghdad, Occupation of Iraq_
8. [ Occupation of Iraq: At least 47 people, mostly Iraqi army recruits, are killed by a car bomb in Baghdad in the second major bomb attack in two days.](/news/2004/02/11/occupation-of-iraq-at-least-47-people-mostly-iraqi-army-recruits-are-killed-by-a-car-bomb-in-baghdad-in-the-second-major-bomb-attack-in.md) _Context: Baghdad, Occupation of Iraq_
9. [ Occupation of Iraq: A large car bomb explodes in the central Iraqi town of Iskandariya, 25 mi south of Baghdad, killing at least 50 people.](/news/2004/02/10/occupation-of-iraq-a-large-car-bomb-explodes-in-the-central-iraqi-town-of-iskandariya-25-mi-south-of-baghdad-killing-at-least-50-people.md) _Context: Baghdad, Occupation of Iraq_
10. [ Occupation of Iraq: At around 8 am local time (5 am GMT) in Baghdad, Iraq, an insurgent suicide bomber driving a car filled with explosives blew himself up while attempting to enter "Assassin's Gate." Early reports said that about 18 people, including 16 Iraqi civilians and two United States Department of Defense workers were killed, while another 56 Iraqi civilians were wounded.](/news/2004/01/18/occupation-of-iraq-at-around-8-am-local-time-5-am-gmt-in-baghdad-iraq-an-insurgent-suicide-bomber-driving-a-car-filled-with-explosives.md) _Context: Baghdad, Occupation of Iraq_
