### [2000-01-21](/news/2000/01/21/index.md)

# Amidst a economic crisis, a coup d'tat takes place in Ecuador, resulting in President Jamil Mahuad being sent into exile, and replaced by Vice President Gustavo Noboa.




### Related:

1. [The administration of Ecuador president Jamil Mahuad announces its intention to adopt the U.S. dollar as the official currency of the country to address the ongoing economic crisis. Subsequent protest led to the 2000 Ecuadorian coup d'tat which saw Mahuad's removal from office and the elevation of Vice President Gustavo Noboa to the presidency.](/news/2000/01/9/the-administration-of-ecuador-president-jamil-mahuad-announces-its-intention-to-adopt-the-u-s-dollar-as-the-official-currency-of-the-countr.md) _Context: 2000 Ecuadorian coup d'tat, Ecuador, Gustavo Noboa, Jamil Mahuad_
2. [Ecuador's National Court of Justice issues an international arrest warrant for former President Jamil Mahuad on embezzlement charges and orders that all of his assets in Ecuador be seized. ](/news/2012/12/12/ecuador-s-national-court-of-justice-issues-an-international-arrest-warrant-for-former-president-jamil-mahuad-on-embezzlement-charges-and-ord.md) _Context: Ecuador, Jamil Mahuad_
3. [ In Ecuador, former president Gustavo Noboa is placed under house arrest. ](/news/2005/05/9/in-ecuador-former-president-gustavo-noboa-is-placed-under-house-arrest.md) _Context: Ecuador, Gustavo Noboa_
4. [Gustavo Noboa becomes President of Ecuador, after Jamil Mahuad is sent into exile.](/news/2000/01/22/gustavo-noboa-becomes-president-of-ecuador-after-jamil-mahuad-is-sent-into-exile.md) _Context: Gustavo Noboa, Jamil Mahuad_
5. [Voters in Ecuador return to the polls for the second round of a presidential election, which Lenin Moreno of the socialist PAIS Alliance is predicted to narrowly win over the center-right Creating Opportunities's Guillermo Lasso. With 94.18% of the votes counted, Moreno leads with 51.07%. According to the national election commission, it was a transparent and successful election. ](/news/2017/04/2/voters-in-ecuador-return-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-a-presidential-election-which-lenan-moreno-of-the-socialist-pais-alliance-is.md) _Context: Ecuador_
6. [The National Liberation Army releases former congressman Odin Sanchez, who had been held hostage by the rebel group since April 2016, paving the way for peace talks to begin between the rebels and the Colombian government next week in Ecuador. ](/news/2017/02/2/the-national-liberation-army-releases-former-congressman-odin-sanchez-who-had-been-held-hostage-by-the-rebel-group-since-april-2016-paving.md) _Context: Ecuador_
7. [Around ten heads of state attend the 17th Non-aligned Movement summit in Isla Margarita, Venezuela, including Evo Morales of Bolivia, Raul Castro of Cuba, Rafael Correa of Ecuador, Hassan Rouhani of Iran, Mahmoud Abbas of the State of Palestine, Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, and Venezuela's president Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/09/17/around-ten-heads-of-state-attend-the-17th-non-aligned-movement-summit-in-isla-margarita-venezuela-including-evo-morales-of-bolivia-raaol.md) _Context: Ecuador_
8. [A powerful 6.7 magnitude earthquake hits Ecuador near the town of Muisne, one person is killed. ](/news/2016/05/18/a-powerful-6-7-magnitude-earthquake-hits-ecuador-near-the-town-of-muisne-one-person-is-killed.md) _Context: Ecuador_
9. [Heavy rain pelts earthquake-hit Ecuador causing floods, mostly in the town of Alluriquin in the Santo Domingo de los Tsachilas Province, killing at least four people and injuring several more. About 300 people have been affected by the floods after a local river burst its banks, engulfing the town with water. ](/news/2016/04/27/heavy-rain-pelts-earthquake-hit-ecuador-causing-floods-mostly-in-the-town-of-alluriquin-in-the-santo-domingo-de-los-tsa-chilas-province-ki.md) _Context: Ecuador_
10. [The United Nations World Food Programme announces it is stepping up assistance to Ecuador's most vulnerable areas following an earthquake that killed over 650 people. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-united-nations-world-food-programme-announces-it-is-stepping-up-assistance-to-ecuadoras-most-vulnerable-areas-following-an-earthquake.md) _Context: Ecuador_
