### [2008-03-6](/news/2008/03/6/index.md)

#  Paul Burrell, Princess Diana's butler, refuses to be questioned about whether he lied to the inquest into her death in 1997. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/lifestyleMolt/idUSL0685678320080306)
1. [Cover Image](http://s1.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20080306&t=2&i=3421955&w=&fh=545px&fw=&ll=&pl=&sq=&r=2008-03-06T121546Z_01_L06856783_RTRUKOP_0_PICTURE0)

### Related:

1. [ Operation Paget, the inquiry into the death in 1997 of Diana, Princess of Wales headed by Lord Stevens, a former chief of London's Metropolitan Police, concludes that there were no suspicious circumstances and that the fatal car crash in which she died was a 'tragic accident'. ](/news/2006/12/14/operation-paget-the-inquiry-into-the-death-in-1997-of-diana-princess-of-wales-headed-by-lord-stevens-a-former-chief-of-london-s-metropol.md) _Context: 1997, Death of Diana, Princess of Wales, grandmother_
2. [ The British Royal Family, including Prince Charles, Prince Harry and Prince William, and Her Majesty the Queen Elizabeth, along with Prime Minister Gordon Brown and former Prime Minister Tony Blair, and hundreds more, gather for a memorial service for Diana, Princess of Wales, ten years after her death, at Guard's Chapel in London. ](/news/2007/08/31/the-british-royal-family-including-prince-charles-prince-harry-and-prince-william-and-her-majesty-the-queen-elizabeth-along-with-prime.md) _Context: Death of Diana, Princess of Wales, grandmother_
3. [ DNA testing confirms that blood with a high blood alcohol content did indeed belong to Henri Paul, the driver in the crash that killed Diana, Princess of Wales, Dodi al Fayed and Paul himself in 1997. ](/news/2006/12/9/dna-testing-confirms-that-blood-with-a-high-blood-alcohol-content-did-indeed-belong-to-henri-paul-the-driver-in-the-crash-that-killed-dian.md) _Context: 1997, grandmother_
4. [ The "Daily Mirror", a British tabloid, publishes the blacked out portion of a letter wherein Diana, Princess of Wales alleged that someone was trying to kill her. The relevant portion reads: "[M]y husband is planning 'an accident' in my car, brake failure & serious head injury in order to make the path clear for him to marry." The part "my husband" (referring to Charles, Prince of Wales) had been previously blacked out, and the word "him" replaced with "Charles" in transcripts of the letter released by Diana's butler, Paul Burrell. The revelation comes on the same day the inquest into the death of Diana and her lover Dodi Al-Fayed is officially opened.](/news/2004/01/6/the-daily-mirror-a-british-tabloid-publishes-the-blacked-out-portion-of-a-letter-wherein-diana-princess-of-wales-alleged-that-someone.md) _Context: Paul Burrell, grandmother_
5. [ A senior French police source claims Diana, Princess of Wales was pregnant when she was killed in a car crash in Paris in 1997. A Clarence House spokesperson for The Prince of Wales refuses to comment on the issue. Mohamed Al-Fayed, the father of Diana's partner Dodi Al-Fayed had long insisted that Diana was pregnant with Dodi's baby and that she was murdered to stop her from giving birth. ](/news/2003/12/21/a-senior-french-police-source-claims-diana-princess-of-wales-was-pregnant-when-she-was-killed-in-a-car-crash-in-paris-in-1997-a-clarence.md) _Context: 1997, grandmother_
6. [It is announced that the daughter of the Duke of Cambridge and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, has been named Charlotte Elizabeth Diana, named after her grandfather, grandmother, and great grandmother. ](/news/2015/05/4/it-is-announced-that-the-daughter-of-the-duke-of-cambridge-and-catherine-duchess-of-cambridge-has-been-named-charlotte-elizabeth-diana-na.md) _Context: grandmother_
7. [While they are not yet ready to say they are reopening the case after the 2008 inquiry jury's final verdict and report (faulty driving and unlawful killing), the Metropolitan Police Authority Specialist Crime and Operations Command in London is investigating the credibility and accuracy of supposedly new information from an unspecified source regarding the August 1997 Death of Diana, Princess of Wales. ](/news/2013/08/17/while-they-are-not-yet-ready-to-say-they-are-reopening-the-case-after-the-2008-inquiry-jury-s-final-verdict-and-report-faulty-driving-and-u.md) _Context: Death of Diana, Princess of Wales_
8. [ Current Bolivian Minister of Hydrocarbons Andres Soliz Rada asks Bolivia's chief prosecutor to issue charges against former heads of Enron, its subsidiary Prisma Energy International, former President of Bolivia Gonzalo Sanchez de Lozada, former Vice President Victor Hugo Cardenas, former Enron director for Bolivia Peter E. Weidler, several ministers during Sanchez's 1993-1997 presidency, and former executives of Bolivia's state oil company for "contracts damaging to the state, contravening the constitution and falsification of contracts." Lozada is charged with genocide for his role in the Bolivian Gas War. ](/news/2006/06/24/current-bolivian-minister-of-hydrocarbons-andra-c-s-soliz-rada-asks-boliviaas-chief-prosecutor-to-issue-charges-against-former-heads-of-enr.md) _Context: 1997_
9. [ Francis Ona, the leader of the former Bougainville Revolutionary Army, has died in village on Bougainville following a short illness. Ona led the bloody 10-year secessionist war against Papua New Guinea that ended in 1997. ](/news/2005/07/24/francis-ona-the-leader-of-the-former-bougainville-revolutionary-army-has-died-in-village-on-bougainville-following-a-short-illness-ona-l.md) _Context: 1997_
10. [ Three paparazzi who were pursuing Diana and Dodi Al-Fayed when they died face a new trial in France. ](/news/2005/04/14/three-paparazzi-who-were-pursuing-diana-and-dodi-al-fayed-when-they-died-face-a-new-trial-in-france.md) _Context: grandmother_
