### [2004-07-31](/news/2004/07/31/index.md)

#  Iran states that it has resumed building nuclear centrifuges to enrich uranium, reversing an October 2003 pledge to Britain, France and Germany to suspend all uranium enrichment-related activities. The United States contends that the purpose is to produce weapons grade uranium. 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=5835448)
1. [Cover Image](https://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [ Iran will have enough enriched uranium to make a single nuclear weapon later this year, the International Institute for Strategic Studies predicts. ](/news/2009/01/27/iran-will-have-enough-enriched-uranium-to-make-a-single-nuclear-weapon-later-this-year-the-international-institute-for-strategic-studies-p.md) _Context: Iran, enriched uranium, uranium_
2. [ A diplomat claims that an International Atomic Energy Agency document claims that Iran has assembled some 1,300 centrifuges at a key underground nuclear plant in Natanz and has started to feed them with the uranium gas necessary for enriching uranium. ](/news/2007/04/18/a-diplomat-claims-that-an-international-atomic-energy-agency-document-claims-that-iran-has-assembled-some-1-300-centrifuges-at-a-key-underg.md) _Context: Iran, centrifuge, uranium_
3. [ Iran is alleged to have broken seals placed upon uranium centrifuges by the International Atomic Energy Agency and resumed their construction. ](/news/2004/07/27/iran-is-alleged-to-have-broken-seals-placed-upon-uranium-centrifuges-by-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-and-resumed-their-constructi.md) _Context: Iran, centrifuge, uranium_
4. [ Iran admits it possesses a design for a far more advanced high-speed centrifuge to enrich uranium than it previously revealed to the International Atomic Energy Agency after being confronted with evidence obtained from the secret network of nuclear suppliers surrounding Pakistani scientist Abdul Qadeer Khan.](/news/2004/02/13/iran-admits-it-possesses-a-design-for-a-far-more-advanced-high-speed-centrifuge-to-enrich-uranium-than-it-previously-revealed-to-the-intern.md) _Context: Iran, centrifuge, uranium_
5. [Russia's envoy to the International Atomic Energy Agency says he expects the historic nuclear deal between Iran and world powers, the P5+1, to be implemented in January. Before the end of the year, Iran will exchange its stockpile of low-enriched uranium for Russia's non-enriched forms of uranium, he said. ](/news/2015/12/7/russia-s-envoy-to-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-says-he-expects-the-historic-nuclear-deal-between-iran-and-world-powers-the-p5-1.md) _Context: Iran, uranium_
6. [Eleven tons of enriched uranium are on a ship heading from Iran to Russia, per the July 14th international agreement. Iran delivers 200 tons of Russian yellowcake in return. The International Atomic Energy Agency will decide when Tehran has complied with its obligations which would make dismantling of economic sanctions possible. ](/news/2015/12/28/eleven-tons-of-enriched-uranium-are-on-a-ship-heading-from-iran-to-russia-per-the-july-14th-international-agreement-iran-delivers-200-tons.md) _Context: Iran, enriched uranium_
7. [Iran nuclear chief Ali Akbar Salehi says nine tons of Iran's enriched uranium will be exported to Russia in the next few days, as the country moves to implement the nuclear deal and secure relief from international sanctions. ](/news/2015/12/19/iran-nuclear-chief-ali-akbar-salehi-says-nine-tons-of-iran-s-enriched-uranium-will-be-exported-to-russia-in-the-next-few-days-as-the-countr.md) _Context: Iran, enriched uranium_
8. [Iran stops dismantling decommissioned centrifuges in two uranium enrichment plants, according to state media reports. This comes days after Iran's conservative lawmakers complained to President Hassan Rouhani that the process was too rushed. ](/news/2015/11/10/iran-stops-dismantling-decommissioned-centrifuges-in-two-uranium-enrichment-plants-according-to-state-media-reports-this-comes-days-after.md) _Context: Iran, centrifuge_
9. [Iran announces that a new uranium ore mine and an enrichment plant will be added to the country's nuclear policy, defying the U.N. resolutions. ](/news/2013/04/9/iran-announces-that-a-new-uranium-ore-mine-and-an-enrichment-plant-will-be-added-to-the-country-s-nuclear-policy-defying-the-u-n-resolutio.md) _Context: Iran, uranium_
10. [Iran's negotiator Saeed Jalili defends the nation's controversial nuclear program that involves uranium enrichment, in a new round of talks with P5+1 countries in Kazakhstan. ](/news/2013/04/5/iran-s-negotiator-saeed-jalili-defends-the-nation-s-controversial-nuclear-program-that-involves-uranium-enrichment-in-a-new-round-of-talks.md) _Context: Iran, enriched uranium_
