### [2013-07-2](/news/2013/07/2/index.md)

# Pending approval from Pope Francis, reports that Pope John Paul II may be canonized at the end of the year are confirmed after approval by the Vatican Congregation for the Causes of Saints of an alleged second miracle. 

Awaiting final approval from Pope Francis; possible canonization date is Dec. 8, the feast of the Immaculate Conception


### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-202_162-57592012/john-paul-ii-clears-final-hurdle-for-sainthood/)
1. [Cover Image](http://cbsnews1.cbsistatic.com/hub/i/2013/03/15/55127aac-1c50-11e3-9918-005056850598/60RPopeJP1280_1.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Pope Francis pleads for peace in a Christmas Mass in the Vatican. ](/news/2016/12/25/pope-francis-pleads-for-peace-in-a-christmas-mass-in-the-vatican.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Vatican City_
2. [At the beginning of today's weekly general audience, Pope Francis asks for forgiveness for the scandals which have recently hit Rome and the Vatican. He did not offer details. The Church's Synod on the Family concludes Sunday, October 25, 2015. ](/news/2015/10/14/at-the-beginning-of-today-s-weekly-general-audience-pope-francis-asks-for-forgiveness-for-the-scandals-which-have-recently-hit-rome-and-the.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Vatican City_
3. [Pope Francis asks Catholic faithful in Europe to host refugee families fleeing death from war and hunger, and announces the Vatican's two churches will welcome two families of refugees. ](/news/2015/09/6/pope-francis-asks-catholic-faithful-in-europe-to-host-refugee-families-fleeing-death-from-war-and-hunger-and-announces-the-vatican-s-two-ch.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Vatican City_
4. [The Salvadoran Archbishop Oscar Romero, assassinated at the start of the Salvadoran Civil War, is beatified in Pope Francis's name, by Cardinal Angelo Amato, Prefect of the Congregation for the Causes of Saints, in San Salvador. ](/news/2015/05/23/the-salvadoran-archbishop-ascar-romero-assassinated-at-the-start-of-the-salvadoran-civil-war-is-beatified-in-pope-francis-s-name-by-card.md) _Context: Congregation for the Causes of Saints, Pope Francis_
5. [The President of Cuba, Raul Castro, is received in an official private audience with Pope Francis, who will become the third Pope to visit the still officially Communist island before visiting the U.S. this October. Some restrictions on exercise of religion, and a few restrictions on other rights, have been lifted or relaxed, especially after Pope John Paul II's historic 1998 meeting with Fidel Castro, Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI's trip during his reign, and especially in 2014 and earlier this year, after Raul and Francis and U.S. President Barack Obama's diplomatic team dramatically improved U.S.-Cuba relations. President Castro went there to thank Francis, whom he publicly has stated his admiration for, for his efforts, and spoke of the possibility of converting and of officially restoring the Church. ](/news/2015/05/10/the-president-of-cuba-raul-castro-is-received-in-an-official-private-audience-with-pope-francis-who-will-become-the-third-pope-to-visit-t.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Pope John Paul II_
6. [Pope Francis holds a private meeting with a transsexual man and his fiancee at the Vatican. ](/news/2015/01/27/pope-francis-holds-a-private-meeting-with-a-transsexual-man-and-his-fianca-c-e-at-the-vatican.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Vatican City_
7. [Pope Francis celebrates Holy Mass in Manila to a crowd of 6 to 7 million, the largest papal gathering since 1995 World Youth Day mass celebrated by late Pope John Paul II in the same place, despite pouring rain. ](/news/2015/01/18/pope-francis-celebrates-holy-mass-in-manila-to-a-crowd-of-6-to-7-million-the-largest-papal-gathering-since-1995-world-youth-day-mass-celebr.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Pope John Paul II_
8. [Pope Francis urges President Shimon Peres of Israel and President Mahmoud Abbas of Palestine to work for peace at an historic joint prayer meeting at the Vatican. ](/news/2014/06/8/pope-francis-urges-president-shimon-peres-of-israel-and-president-mahmoud-abbas-of-palestine-to-work-for-peace-at-an-historic-joint-prayer-m.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Vatican City_
9. [Pope Francis invites the President of Israel Shimon Peres and the President of the State of Palestine Mahmoud Abbas to pray with him at the Vatican for peace and the invitations are accepted. ](/news/2014/05/25/pope-francis-invites-the-president-of-israel-shimon-peres-and-the-president-of-the-state-of-palestine-mahmoud-abbas-to-pray-with-him-at-the.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Vatican City_
10. [Popes John XXIII and John Paul II are declared saints by Pope Francis in the first papal canonization since 1954. ](/news/2014/04/27/popes-john-xxiii-and-john-paul-ii-are-declared-saints-by-pope-francis-in-the-first-papal-canonization-since-1954.md) _Context: Pope Francis, Pope John Paul II_
