### [2013-07-2](/news/2013/07/2/index.md)

# Two Russian married couples are found guilty by a German court of espionage for Russia 

A married couple are sent to jail in Germany after being found guilty of spying for Russia for about 20 years.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-23145426)

### Related:

1. [Cold War II: At the 52nd Munich Security Conference in Germany, NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg says that NATO and Russia are "not in a cold-war situation but also not in the partnership that we established at the end of the Cold War" while the Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev says tensions between Russia and NATO have sent the world spiralling into a "new Cold War", blaming U.S. and European leaders for the souring of relations with Russia. He also rejected accusations that Russian warplanes have bombed civilians in Syria, saying it is "just not true". ](/news/2016/02/13/cold-war-ii-at-the-52nd-munich-security-conference-in-germany-nato-secretary-general-jens-stoltenberg-says-that-nato-and-russia-are-not-i.md) _Context: Germany, Russia_
2. [Vienna Conference on Syria: Syrian Civil War: Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/vienna-conference-on-syria-syrian-civil-war-iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-represen.md) _Context: Germany, Russia_
3. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: Germany, Russia_
4. [War in Donbass: The leaders of France, Germany and Russia agree to work on a peace plan to be put to the President of Ukraine Petro Poroshenko on Sunday. ](/news/2015/02/7/war-in-donbass-the-leaders-of-france-germany-and-russia-agree-to-work-on-a-peace-plan-to-be-put-to-the-president-of-ukraine-petro-poroshen.md) _Context: Germany, Russia_
5. [War in Donbass: Leaders from Germany, France, Russia and Ukraine meet in the Belarusian capital Minsk for peace talks. ](/news/2015/02/11/war-in-donbass-leaders-from-germany-france-russia-and-ukraine-meet-in-the-belarusian-capital-minsk-for-peace-talks.md) _Context: Germany, Russia_
6. [Representatives of six major world powers - China, France, Germany, United Kingdom, Russia and the United States - meet with Iranian officials to discuss the nation's nuclear program. ](/news/2013/02/26/representatives-of-six-major-world-powers-china-france-germany-united-kingdom-russia-and-the-united-states-meet-with-iranian-off.md) _Context: Germany, Russia_
7. [Gazprom completes building the second leg of the Nord Stream natural gas pipeline connecting Russia, Germany and neighbouring countries. ](/news/2012/08/29/gazprom-completes-building-the-second-leg-of-the-nord-stream-natural-gas-pipeline-connecting-russia-germany-and-neighbouring-countries.md) _Context: Germany, Russia_
8. [Greek mail bombs: Parcel bombs explode at the Mexican, Russian and Swiss embassies in Greece. Similar packages were sent or addressed to the embassies of Belgium, Bulgaria, Chile, Germany and the Netherlands over the past two days. ](/news/2010/11/2/greek-mail-bombs-parcel-bombs-explode-at-the-mexican-russian-and-swiss-embassies-in-greece-similar-packages-were-sent-or-addressed-to-the.md) _Context: Germany, Russia_
9. [ Officials from the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Russia, China and the United States express "regret" at Iran's refusal to accept nuclear proposals. ](/news/2009/11/20/officials-from-the-united-kingdom-france-germany-russia-china-and-the-united-states-express-regret-at-iran-s-refusal-to-accept-nuclea.md) _Context: Germany, Russia_
10. [ India's Viswanathan Anand retains the World Chess Championship title in Bonn, Germany, by defeating Russia-s Vladimir Kramnik. ](/news/2008/10/29/india-s-viswanathan-anand-retains-the-world-chess-championship-title-in-bonn-germany-by-defeating-russia-s-vladimir-kramnik.md) _Context: Germany, Russia_
