### [2009-11-27](/news/2009/11/27/index.md)

#  Multibillion-dollar debt problems of Emirati investment company Dubai World, including the possibility of default, upset markets worldwide. 

U.S. stock-market futures were trading sharply lower on Friday as debt problems for Dubai World spread concern across markets worldwide, and as traders nervously waited to see how a shortened Wall Street session would unfold after the Thanksgiving holiday.


### Source:

1. [MarketWatch](http://www.marketwatch.com/story/us-stock-futures-deep-in-the-red-on-dubai-news-2009-11-27)

### Related:

1. [Citing a drop in demand, the Dubai-based, United Arab Emirates-owned airline Emirates Air announces a cut in flights to five of its 12 U.S. destinations.  The airline's Dubai hub, third-busiest in the world, is a major stop for travelers in countries affected by President Donald Trump's travel ban, and is also one of several Middle East airports affected by a U.S. ban on tablets, laptops, and similar devices in the passenger cabin. ](/news/2017/04/19/citing-a-drop-in-demand-the-dubai-based-united-arab-emirates-owned-airline-emirates-air-announces-a-cut-in-flights-to-five-of-its-12-u-s.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
2. [The Somali pirates that hijacked the ''Aris 13'', a United Arab Emirates-owned oil tanker, release it without condition. ](/news/2017/03/16/the-somali-pirates-that-hijacked-the-aris-13-a-united-arab-emirates-owned-oil-tanker-release-it-without-condition.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
3. [Off the northern coast of Somalia, Somali pirates hijack the ''Aris 13'', a United Arab Emirates-owned oil tanker, kidnapping eight Sri Lankan crew members. This is the first hijacking of a large commercial vessel in five years. ](/news/2017/03/14/off-the-northern-coast-of-somalia-somali-pirates-hijack-the-aris-13-a-united-arab-emirates-owned-oil-tanker-kidnapping-eight-sri-lank.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
4. [The United Arab Emirates announces at the World Government Summit that its planned passenger drone will begin operations in July. ](/news/2017/02/14/the-united-arab-emirates-announces-at-the-world-government-summit-that-its-planned-passenger-drone-will-begin-operations-in-july.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
5. [At least 11 people are killed in a bombing in Kandahar, including five UAE diplomats. ](/news/2017/01/11/at-least-11-people-are-killed-in-a-bombing-in-kandahar-including-five-uae-diplomats.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
6. [The Obama administration transfers 15 Guantanamo Bay detainees to the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2016/08/15/the-obama-administration-transfers-15-guantanamo-bay-detainees-to-the-united-arab-emirates.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
7. [The United Arab Emirates and Bahrain issue a travel warning for their citizens heading to American cities where protests are occuring following ethnic tensions in the country. This comes after The Bahamas issued its own travel warning yesterday, after the shooting of Dallas police officers. ](/news/2016/07/10/the-united-arab-emirates-and-bahrain-issue-a-travel-warning-for-their-citizens-heading-to-american-cities-where-protests-are-occuring-follow.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
8. [Puerto Rico defaults on a $422 million debt payment. The Governor of Puerto Rico Alejandro Garcia Padilla calls the situation a "humanitarian crisis". This is the third time Puerto Rico has defaulted on bond payments. ](/news/2016/05/2/puerto-rico-defaults-on-a-422-million-debt-payment-the-governor-of-puerto-rico-alejandro-garcaa-padilla-calls-the-situation-a-humanitari.md) _Context: defaults_
9. [Puerto Rico Governor Alejandro Garcia Padilla says the Commonwealth will default on a $422 million bond payment due Monday. Garcia Padilla says  debt payments have been suspended in order to pay for essential services  for the 3.5 million American citizens. Congress has been unable to pass a debt restructuring bill for Puerto Rico. ](/news/2016/05/1/puerto-rico-governor-alejandro-garcaa-padilla-says-the-commonwealth-will-default-on-a-422-million-bond-payment-due-monday-garcaa-padilla.md) _Context: defaults_
10. [Solar Impulse 2, a plane powered only by the sun, takes off from Kalaeloa, Hawaii, USA, on the ninth leg of its around-the-world journey. This portion of the trip will cover 2,542 nautical miles and, in about three days, is scheduled to touch down in Mountain View, California. The journey originated in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, on March 9, 2015, and, after another 8,130 nmi, will complete the circle when it lands in Abu Dhabi. ](/news/2016/04/21/solar-impulse-2-a-plane-powered-only-by-the-sun-takes-off-from-kalaeloa-hawaii-usa-on-the-ninth-leg-of-its-around-the-world-journey-th.md) _Context: United Arab Emirates_
