### [2008-12-7](/news/2008/12/7/index.md)

#  Mary Jo Kilroy wins the final outstanding United States House of Representatives seat in the 2008 general elections by capturing the 15th congressional district of Ohio. This translates to an overall gain of 21 seats for the Democratic Party in the House. 




### Source:

1. [The Hill](http://thehill.com/leading-the-news/kilroy-win-gives-dems-79-seat-majority-2008-12-07.html)

### Related:

1. [Veteran Ohio Congressman Dennis Kucinich is defeated in a Democrat primary in the 9th district by incumbent Marcia C. Kaptur after he was affected by redistricting - Samuel Wurzelbacher aka Joe the Plumber wins the Republican Party primary. ](/news/2012/03/6/veteran-ohio-congressman-dennis-kucinich-is-defeated-in-a-democrat-primary-in-the-9th-district-by-incumbent-marcia-c-kaptur-after-he-was-af.md) _Context: Democrats, Ohio, United States House of Representatives_
2. [ U.S. Democrat John Dingell of Michigan becomes the House of Representatives' longest-serving member. ](/news/2009/02/11/u-s-democrat-john-dingell-of-michigan-becomes-the-house-of-representatives-longest-serving-member.md) _Context: Democrats, United States, United States House of Representatives_
3. [ Ohio Iraq War veteran Paul Hackett is expected to run in the state Democratic primary to contest the seat of Republican Senator Mike DeWine. Hackett lost in a closely contested House race on August 2.](/news/2005/10/4/ohio-iraq-war-veteran-paul-hackett-is-expected-to-run-in-the-state-democratic-primary-to-contest-the-seat-of-republican-senator-mike-dewine.md) _Context: Democrats, Ohio, United States House of Representatives_
4. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: Democrats, United States House of Representatives_
5. [Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia. ](/news/2017/04/18/democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u-s-house-seat-vacated-by-tom-price-now-health-and-human-serv.md) _Context: Democrats, United States House of Representatives_
6. [Four state Democratic Parties sue the Donald Trump presidential campaign, the state Republican Parties, and "Stop the Steal" group founder Roger Stone for voter intimidation in the states of Ohio, Pennsylvania, Nevada, and Arizona. ](/news/2016/11/1/four-state-democratic-parties-sue-the-donald-trump-presidential-campaign-the-state-republican-parties-and-stop-the-steal-group-founder-r.md) _Context: Democrats, Ohio_
7. [Governor John Kasich signs a bill legalizing medical marijuana, making Ohio the 25th state in America to approve its use. ](/news/2016/06/8/governor-john-kasich-signs-a-bill-legalizing-medical-marijuana-making-ohio-the-25th-state-in-america-to-approve-its-use.md) _Context: Ohio, United States_
8. [Georgia Representative John Lewis leads about 40 U.S. House of Representatives Democrats in a sit-in after the U.S. Senate failed to approve any of four gun control measures Monday night. ](/news/2016/06/22/georgia-representative-john-lewis-leads-about-40-u-s-house-of-representatives-democrats-in-a-sit-in-after-the-u-s-senate-failed-to-approve.md) _Context: Democrats, United States House of Representatives_
9. [Voters in the U.S. state of Wisconsin go to the polls for a primary election with Ted Cruz winning the Republican Party contest and Bernie Sanders winning the Democratic Party primary. ](/news/2016/04/5/voters-in-the-u-s-state-of-wisconsin-go-to-the-polls-for-a-primary-election-with-ted-cruz-winning-the-republican-party-contest-and-bernie-s.md) _Context: Democrats, United States_
10. [Voters in the U.S. states of Florida, Illinois, Ohio, Missouri, North Carolina and the commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands head to the polls for Republican and Democratic Party primaries that the media has dubbed "Super Tuesday 2". ](/news/2016/03/15/voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-florida-illinois-ohio-missouri-north-carolina-and-the-commonwealth-of-the-northern-mariana-islands-head-to.md) _Context: Ohio, United States_
