### [2002-07-18](/news/2002/07/18/index.md)

#  Patents: Forgent Networks asserts that it owns and will enforce patent rights on the widely used JPEG image compression standard which is used widely on the World Wide Web. The announcement creates a furore remisicent of Unisys' attempts to assert its rights over the GIF image compression standard.




### Related:

1. [ Forgent Networks sues 31 companies for infringement of their software patent, which they claim is used in the JPEG standard. ](/news/2004/04/24/forgent-networks-sues-31-companies-for-infringement-of-their-software-patent-which-they-claim-is-used-in-the-jpeg-standard.md) _Context: Forgent Networks, JPEG_
2. [CNN is accused of threatening to reveal the personal identity of a Reddit user who made a GIF depicting United States President Donald Trump tackling a man to the ground, with CNN's logo superimposed on the man's face. The GIF was modified and posted on Trump's Twitter feed. ](/news/2017/07/4/cnn-is-accused-of-threatening-to-reveal-the-personal-identity-of-a-reddit-user-who-made-a-gif-depicting-united-states-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: GIF_
3. [Apple Inc. and Nokia agree to increase their partnership after settling a patent dispute. ](/news/2017/05/23/apple-inc-and-nokia-agree-to-increase-their-partnership-after-settling-a-patent-dispute.md) _Context: patent_
4. [ English computer scientist Sir Timothy John Berners-Lee is awarded the 2016 A.M. Turing Award for inventing the World Wide Web, the first web browser, and the protocols and algorithms that allow the Web to scale. ](/news/2017/04/4/english-computer-scientist-sir-timothy-john-berners-lee-is-awarded-the-2016-a-m-turing-award-for-inventing-the-world-wide-web-the-first-w.md) _Context: World Wide Web_
5. [ Google receives a United States patent for an adhesive for its self-driving cars, so-called "human flypaper", designed to minimize injuries in a pedestrian accident by holding the person to the car rather than being thrown after impact. ](/news/2016/05/19/google-receives-a-united-states-patent-for-an-adhesive-for-its-self-driving-cars-so-called-human-flypaper-designed-to-minimize-injuries.md) _Context: patent_
6. [A federal appeals court rules in favor of Samsung on several issues arising out of that company's long-running patent dispute with Apple, overturning a $120 million jury verdict in Apple's favor in 2014. ](/news/2016/02/26/a-federal-appeals-court-rules-in-favor-of-samsung-on-several-issues-arising-out-of-that-company-s-long-running-patent-dispute-with-apple-ov.md) _Context: patent_
7. [Sir Tim Berners-Lee calls for a World Wide Web equivalent of the Magna Carta, on the 25th anniversary of his proposal for the World Wide Web. ](/news/2014/03/12/sir-tim-berners-lee-calls-for-a-world-wide-web-equivalent-of-the-magna-carta-on-the-25th-anniversary-of-his-proposal-for-the-world-wide-web.md) _Context: World Wide Web_
8. [Smartphone wars: Microsoft wins a much-watched lawsuit, with a federal judge finding that Motorola had breached agreements about the licensing of its patents. ](/news/2013/09/5/smartphone-wars-microsoft-wins-a-much-watched-lawsuit-with-a-federal-judge-finding-that-motorola-had-breached-agreements-about-the-licensi.md) _Context: patent_
9. [The U.S. International Trade Commission sides with Apple against a claim by Google that Apple's popular iPhones violate a Google patent. ](/news/2013/04/22/the-u-s-international-trade-commission-sides-with-apple-against-a-claim-by-google-that-apple-s-popular-iphones-violate-a-google-patent.md) _Context: patent_
10. [India's Supreme Court rejects a plea by Novartis to patent an updated version of its cancer drug, Glivec (Imatinib), amid concerns that a patent could threaten access to cheap generic versions of drugs in poorer countries. ](/news/2013/04/1/india-s-supreme-court-rejects-a-plea-by-novartis-to-patent-an-updated-version-of-its-cancer-drug-glivec-imatinib-amid-concerns-that-a-pa.md) _Context: patent_
