### [2009-09-25](/news/2009/09/25/index.md)

#  Iran reveals to the United Nations nuclear watchdog the existence of a second uranium enrichment plant, facing accusations of secret building projects from Gordon Brown, Barack Obama and Nicolas Sarkozy. 

The US President said he preferred diplomacy in dealing with Iran over its nuclear program, but would consider imposing &#39;sanctions that bite&#39; if the diplomatic track did not work.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/in_depth/8274262.stm)
2. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/1117043.html)
3. [RTÉ](http://www.rte.ie/news/2009/0925/iran.html)

### Related:

1. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Iran_
2. [Eleven tons of enriched uranium are on a ship heading from Iran to Russia, per the July 14th international agreement. Iran delivers 200 tons of Russian yellowcake in return. The International Atomic Energy Agency will decide when Tehran has complied with its obligations which would make dismantling of economic sanctions possible.  ](/news/2015/12/28/eleven-tons-of-enriched-uranium-are-on-a-ship-heading-from-iran-to-russia-per-the-july-14th-international-agreement-iran-delivers-200-tons.md) _Context: Iran, enriched uranium_
3. [Iran nuclear chief Ali Akbar Salehi says nine tons of Iran's enriched uranium will be exported to Russia in the next few days, as the country moves to implement the nuclear deal and secure relief from international sanctions. ](/news/2015/12/19/iran-nuclear-chief-ali-akbar-salehi-says-nine-tons-of-iran-s-enriched-uranium-will-be-exported-to-russia-in-the-next-few-days-as-the-countr.md) _Context: Iran, enriched uranium_
4. [The United Nations finds Iran's firing of a medium-range ballistic missile in October violated a June 2010 resolution banning the Islamic Republic from launches capable of delivering nuclear weapons. The test was not technically a violation of the July nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers.  It's not known if the Security Council will take any action.  ](/news/2015/12/15/the-united-nations-finds-iran-s-firing-of-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-in-october-violated-a-june-2010-resolution-banning-the-islamic-re.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations_
5. [U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry meets in Vienna, Austria,  with the foreign ministers of Turkey and Saudi Arabia, as well as the U.N. special envoy for Syria, ahead of Saturday's next round of international summits on the Syrian Civil War. The talks, aimed toward a cease-fire in Syria's devastating war and a  political transition to a post-war government, will include senior officials from 19 nations/groups  and, as in October, Iran will participate. ](/news/2015/11/13/u-s-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-in-vienna-austria-with-the-foreign-ministers-of-turkey-and-saudi-arabia-as-well-as-the-u-n-spe.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations_
6. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of  talks  over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan,  the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saud.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations_
7. [Iranian Students News Agency reports an undisclosed verdict has been reached in the espionage case of ''Washington Post'' reporter Jason Rezaian, who has been held by Iran for more than 14 months. The final  closed door hearing on Rezaian's case  was on August 10, 2015. By not disclosing details, the Post stated that it seems Tehran could be working a political angle. Last month at the UN, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani told journalists he would welcome quicker steps on mutual prisoner releases. ](/news/2015/10/11/iranian-students-news-agency-reports-an-undisclosed-verdict-has-been-reached-in-the-espionage-case-of-washington-post-reporter-jason-rez.md) _Context: Iran, United Nations_
8. [President Barack Obama has sufficient support in the United States Senate to uphold a veto of the proposed congressional vote of disapproval of the nuclear deal with Iran. ](/news/2015/09/2/president-barack-obama-has-sufficient-support-in-the-united-states-senate-to-uphold-a-veto-of-the-proposed-congressional-vote-of-disapproval.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Iran_
9. [U.S. President Barack Obama meets with the Gulf Cooperation Council at the White House with a proposed nuclear deal with Iran top of the agenda.](/news/2015/05/14/u-s-president-barack-obama-meets-with-the-gulf-cooperation-council-at-the-white-house-with-a-proposed-nuclear-deal-with-iran-top-of-the-age.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Iran_
10. [King Salman of Saudi Arabia will not meet with President of the United States Barack Obama at Camp David or at a summit meeting sending senior Ministers instead reportedly due to disagreement over a nuclear deal with Iran. ](/news/2015/05/10/king-salman-of-saudi-arabia-will-not-meet-with-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-at-camp-david-or-at-a-summit-meeting-sending-seni.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Iran_
