### [2009-09-25](/news/2009/09/25/index.md)

#  Paul G. Kirk, Jr. is sworn in as the interim U.S. Senator from Massachusetts, succeeding the late Ted Kennedy. 

 Paul Kirk, a former aide and close confidant to the late Sen. Edward Kennedy (D-Mass.), was sworn in Friday as a temporary replacement for his old boss, who passed away Aug. 25. 


### Source:

1. [Roll Call](http://www.rollcall.com/news/38951-1.html)

### Related:

1. [Massachusetts voters elect Republican Scott Brown to fill the vacant United States Senate seat previously held by Ted Kennedy. ](/news/2010/01/19/massachusetts-voters-elect-republican-scott-brown-to-fill-the-vacant-united-states-senate-seat-previously-held-by-ted-kennedy.md) _Context: Massachusetts, Ted Kennedy_
2. [ Governor Deval Patrick of Massachusetts chooses former Democratic National Committee chairman Paul G. Kirk, Jr. to replace former Senator Teddy Kennedy on a temporary basis, until elections can be held to choose a permanent replacement to fill the remainder of Kennedy's term. ](/news/2009/09/24/governor-deval-patrick-of-massachusetts-chooses-former-democratic-national-committee-chairman-paul-g-kirk-jr-to-replace-former-senator-t.md) _Context: Massachusetts, Paul G. Kirk, Jr._
3. [ U.S. Senator Ted Kennedy of Massachusetts, the last surviving Kennedy brother, dies at age 77, after battling brain cancer. ](/news/2009/08/26/u-s-senator-ted-kennedy-of-massachusetts-the-last-surviving-kennedy-brother-dies-at-age-77-after-battling-brain-cancer.md) _Context: Massachusetts, Ted Kennedy_
4. [Ten people are injured when a taxi jumps a curb and hit a group of cabdrivers outside the taxi pool building at Logan International Airport in Boston, Massachusetts. ](/news/2017/07/3/ten-people-are-injured-when-a-taxi-jumps-a-curb-and-hit-a-group-of-cabdrivers-outside-the-taxi-pool-building-at-logan-international-airport.md) _Context: Massachusetts_
5. [A car crash at an auto auction in Billerica, Massachusetts, kills at least three and injures nine, two critically. ](/news/2017/05/3/a-car-crash-at-an-auto-auction-in-billerica-massachusetts-kills-at-least-three-and-injures-nine-two-critically.md) _Context: Massachusetts_
6. [A jury acquits the former head of the now-closed Massachusetts pharmacy, New England Compounding Center, Barry Cadden, on 25 counts of second-degree murder but convicts him of racketeering and other crimes in a meningitis outbreak that was traced to fungus-contaminated drugs and killed 64 people across the country. Cadden disregarded sanitary conditions to boost production and make more money. ](/news/2017/03/22/a-jury-acquits-the-former-head-of-the-now-closed-massachusetts-pharmacy-new-england-compounding-center-barry-cadden-on-25-counts-of-secon.md) _Context: Massachusetts_
7. [United States immigration ban. The state of Washington, joined by the states of California, Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, and Oregon, asks a federal judge to stop, on constitutional grounds, the revised federal immigration/refugee rules from taking effect on Thursday, March 16. The state of Hawaii has filed a separate, similar request. ](/news/2017/03/13/united-states-immigration-ban-the-state-of-washington-joined-by-the-states-of-california-maryland-massachusetts-new-york-and-oregon-a.md) _Context: Massachusetts_
8. [Police discover US$20 million in a bed frame under a mattress at a Massachusetts home. The cash is believed to be linked to Telexfree, a pyramid scheme disguised as a company that claimed to provide internet phone services. A Brazilian man that police were following was charged in connection to the money. ](/news/2017/01/24/police-discover-us-20-million-in-a-bed-frame-under-a-mattress-at-a-massachusetts-home-the-cash-is-believed-to-be-linked-to-telexfree-a-pyr.md) _Context: Massachusetts_
9. [The first penis transplant in the United States is performed successfully at the Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH) in Boston, Massachusetts. Doctors call the operation "a surgical milestone". The patient, 64-year-old Thomas Manning from Halifax, Massachusetts, is the third man worldwide to have had the experimental surgery performed. ](/news/2016/05/16/the-first-penis-transplant-in-the-united-states-is-performed-successfully-at-the-massachusetts-general-hospital-mgh-in-boston-massachuset.md) _Context: Massachusetts_
10. [United States presidential election, 2016. Voters in the U.S. states of Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, and the overseas territory of American Samoa go to the polls to vote on Super Tuesday. ](/news/2016/03/1/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-alabama-alaska-arkansas-colorado-georgia-massachusetts-minneso.md) _Context: Massachusetts_
