### [2009-09-25](/news/2009/09/25/index.md)

#  Photographs of Spanish Prime Minister Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero and his family are published in the United States and subsequently published on the front pages of newspapers in his home country. A controversy occurs as many Spaniards have never before seen the children of the intensely private Prime Minister. 




### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2009/sep/25/spain-zapatero-daughters-obama)

### Related:

1. [Spain's Prime Minister Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero announces wage cuts for state employees and a reduction in investment in response to his country's budget deficit. ](/news/2010/05/12/spain-s-prime-minister-jose-luis-rodriguez-zapatero-announces-wage-cuts-for-state-employees-and-a-reduction-in-investment-in-response-to-his.md) _Context: Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero, Prime Minister, Spain_
2. [Spanish general election, 2015: Pedro Sanchez, leader of Spain's Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE) rejects a pact with the ruling People's Party (PP). "We say 'no' to Rajoy and his policies," Sanchez told a news conference after meeting with Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy. ](/news/2015/12/23/spanish-general-election-2015-pedro-sa-nchez-leader-of-spain-s-spanish-socialist-workers-party-psoe-rejects-a-pact-with-the-ruling-peo.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Spain_
3. [Spanish general election, 2015: Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy is punched in the face by a teenager during a People's Party campaign event in the city of Pontevedra. ](/news/2015/12/16/spanish-general-election-2015-spanish-prime-minister-mariano-rajoy-is-punched-in-the-face-by-a-teenager-during-a-people-s-party-campaign-e.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Spain_
4. [The Catalan Parliament passes a resolution calling for the Catalonian region to secede from Spain. Spanish prime minister Mariano Rajoy says his government will seek to invalidate the motion with an appeal to the Constitutional Court in the coming days. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-catalan-parliament-passes-a-resolution-calling-for-the-catalonian-region-to-secede-from-spain-spanish-prime-minister-mariano-rajoy-says.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Spain_
5. [The Prime Minister of Spain Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero dissolves the Cortes Generales and calls a general election for November 20. ](/news/2011/09/26/the-prime-minister-of-spain-jose-luis-rodriguez-zapatero-dissolves-the-cortes-generales-and-calls-a-general-election-for-november-20.md) _Context: Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero, Prime Minister_
6. [Spanish Prime Minister Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero reshuffles his cabinet in a move to strengthen his government. ](/news/2010/10/20/spanish-prime-minister-jose-luis-rodriguez-zapatero-reshuffles-his-cabinet-in-a-move-to-strengthen-his-government.md) _Context: Jos Luis Rodrguez Zapatero, Spain_
7. [The United States and other western nations including Britain, Sweden, Australia, Belgium, Uruguay and Spain walk out of the United Nations General Assembly following claims by the President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad that the "majority of the American people as well as most nations and politicians around the world" say that the 9/11 attacks were the work of the Government of the United States trying to protect Israel. ](/news/2010/09/23/the-united-states-and-other-western-nations-including-britain-sweden-australia-belgium-uruguay-and-spain-walk-out-of-the-united-nations.md) _Context: Spain, United States_
8. [A group of more than 30 journalists from such countries as Turkey, Spain, Germany, Lebanon, Egypt, the United Kingdom and the United States announces it is to take legal action against Israel for equipment lost and money stolen due to the Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2010/07/14/a-group-of-more-than-30-journalists-from-such-countries-as-turkey-spain-germany-lebanon-egypt-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states.md) _Context: Spain, United States_
9. [Spanish politician Gaspar Llamazares says the United States's Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) use of his photo in its "shameless" digital manipulation of Osama Bin Laden for a wanted poster, has left him insecure and worried about travelling to the United States in future. ](/news/2010/01/16/spanish-politician-gaspar-llamazares-says-the-united-states-s-federal-bureau-of-investigation-fbi-use-of-his-photo-in-its-shameless-digi.md) _Context: Spain, United States_
10. [ The International Olympic Committee awards the 2016 Summer Olympics and the 2016 Summer Paralympics to Rio de Janeiro (Brazil). The other bidding cities were Chicago (United States), Tokyo (Japan) and Madrid (Spain). ](/news/2009/10/2/the-international-olympic-committee-awards-the-2016-summer-olympics-and-the-2016-summer-paralympics-to-rio-de-janeiro-brazil-the-other-b.md) _Context: Spain, United States_
