### [2013-04-30](/news/2013/04/30/index.md)

# Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands signs the official acts of abdication in favor of her son the Prince of Orange, who becomes King Willem-Alexander, the first male monarch in 123 years. 

After 33 years as the Netherlands&#039; head of state, Queen Beatrix will formally abdicate on Tuesday, passing the role on to her 46-year-old son.


### Source:

1. [The Telegraph](http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/netherlands/10025728/Willem-Alexander-to-become-Europes-youngest-king-as-Prince-Charles-watches-on.html)

### Related:

1. [Aftermath of Malaysia Airlines Flight 17: In Vijfhuizen, the Netherlands, exactly three years after the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 (MH17) disaster, the National Memorial for the victims is opened in the presence of King Willem-Alexander, Queen Maxima and Prime Minister Mark Rutte. ](/news/2017/07/17/aftermath-of-malaysia-airlines-flight-17-in-vijfhuizen-the-netherlands-exactly-three-years-after-the-malaysia-airlines-flight-17-mh17-d.md) _Context: Netherlands, Willem-Alexander_
2. [Beatrix the Queen regnant of the Kingdom of the Netherlands announces her abdication in favour of her son, Prince Willem-Alexander, on April 30, 2013. ](/news/2013/01/28/beatrix-the-queen-regnant-of-the-kingdom-of-the-netherlands-announces-her-abdication-in-favour-of-her-son-prince-willem-alexander-on-april.md) _Context: Beatrix, abdicate_
3. [Mark Rutte of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy is asked by Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands to become Prime Minister of the Netherlands leading a coalition government. ](/news/2010/10/7/mark-rutte-of-the-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-is-asked-by-queen-beatrix-of-the-netherlands-to-become-prime-minister-of-the-neth.md) _Context: Beatrix, Netherlands_
4. [Politics of Japan: The National Diet of Japan passes legislation allowing Emperor Akihito to abdicate. The abdication is to take place within three years. ](/news/2017/06/9/politics-of-japan-the-national-diet-of-japan-passes-legislation-allowing-emperor-akihito-to-abdicate-the-abdication-is-to-take-place-withi.md) _Context: abdicate_
5. [Aftermath of the Bosnian War and Bosnian genocide: An appeals court in The Hague rules that Netherlands is partly to blame for the deaths of some 350 Muslim Bosnian men in the 1995 Srebrenica genocide and, in a move considered landmark, orders it to pay limited damages. ](/news/2017/06/27/aftermath-of-the-bosnian-war-and-bosnian-genocide-an-appeals-court-in-the-hague-rules-that-netherlands-is-partly-to-blame-for-the-deaths-of.md) _Context: Netherlands_
6. [Road incidents in the Netherlands: Eight people are injured, two seriously, when a car drives into several people in front of the Amsterdam Centraal station in the Netherlands. Police say the driver may have taken ill; they are not treating this as terrorism-related. ](/news/2017/06/10/road-incidents-in-the-netherlands-eight-people-are-injured-two-seriously-when-a-car-drives-into-several-people-in-front-of-the-amsterdam.md) _Context: Netherlands_
7. [A judge in Alkmaar, the Netherlands, grants a 12-year-old boy the right to decide for himself on whether or not to continue chemotherapy. The ruling was based on a psychiatric evaluation of the patient as being "capable of a reasonable evaluation of his interests and realizes the consequences - including the negative ones - of his decision." ](/news/2017/05/12/a-judge-in-alkmaar-the-netherlands-grants-a-12-year-old-boy-the-right-to-decide-for-himself-on-whether-or-not-to-continue-chemotherapy-th.md) _Context: Netherlands_
8. [Philippine Drug War: A Filipino lawyer files a complaint of "mass murder and crimes against humanity" against Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte and eleven other officials at the International Criminal Court in The Hague, Netherlands. ](/news/2017/04/24/philippine-drug-war-a-filipino-lawyer-files-a-complaint-of-mass-murder-and-crimes-against-humanity-against-philippines-president-rodrigo.md) _Context: Netherlands_
9. [Dutch businessman Guus Kouwenhoven is found guilty of war crimes and arms trafficking for using his lumber business to sell weapons to Liberia's former president Charles Taylor during the country's civil war between 2000 and 2003 and is sentenced to 19 years in prison. ](/news/2017/04/22/dutch-businessman-guus-kouwenhoven-is-found-guilty-of-war-crimes-and-arms-trafficking-for-using-his-lumber-business-to-sell-weapons-to-liber.md) _Context: Netherlands_
10. [Dutch general election, 2017: Voters in the Netherlands go to the polls for a general election. Exit polls suggest that incumbent Prime Minister Mark Rutte's People's Party for Freedom and Democracy will win the most seats in the election. ](/news/2017/03/15/dutch-general-election-2017-voters-in-the-netherlands-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-exit-polls-suggest-that-incumbent-prime-mini.md) _Context: Netherlands_
