### [2014-06-30](/news/2014/06/30/index.md)

# Gaza-Israel conflict: At least 11 rockets are fired into southern Israel from the Gaza Strip causing light damage to a house. 

According to military assessments, Hamas has not been behind recent rocket attacks, but rather, smaller terrorist groups in the Strip.


### Source:

1. [Jerusalem Post](http://www.jpost.com/Defense/In-sign-of-rising-tensions-8-more-rockets-explode-in-southern-Israel-360988)

### Related:

1. [Gaza-Israel conflict: A Palestinian woman is killed and another person is injured in the Gaza Strip by tank fire from Israel. Israel said it responded to mortar rounds and the discovery of another tunnel by Hamas. ](/news/2016/05/5/gaza-israel-conflict-a-palestinian-woman-is-killed-and-another-person-is-injured-in-the-gaza-strip-by-tank-fire-from-israel-israel-said.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Gaza-Israel conflict, Israel_
2. [Gaza-Israel conflict: At least one rocket is intercepted over Ashdod by Israel's Iron Dome missile defense system, and is believed to have come from the Gaza Strip. ](/news/2015/09/29/gaza-israel-conflict-at-least-one-rocket-is-intercepted-over-ashdod-by-israel-s-iron-dome-missile-defense-system-and-is-believed-to-have.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Gaza-Israel conflict, Israel_
3. [Gaza-Israel conflict: Canadian academic William Schabas resigns as the head of a United Nations committee investigating alleged Israeli war crimes in an offensive in the Gaza Strip during 2014 due to Israel alleging bias due to consultancy work he did for the Palestine Liberation Organisation. ](/news/2015/02/2/gaza-israel-conflict-canadian-academic-william-schabas-resigns-as-the-head-of-a-united-nations-committee-investigating-alleged-israeli-wa.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Gaza-Israel conflict, Israel_
4. [Gaza-Israel conflict:: Two rockets fired from Gaza strip land in Sderot, Israel, in violation of the ceasefire brokered after the eight-day conflict in November 2012. ](/news/2013/03/21/gaza-israel-conflict-two-rockets-fired-from-gaza-strip-land-in-sderot-israel-in-violation-of-the-ceasefire-brokered-after-the-eight-da.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Gaza-Israel conflict, Israel_
5. [ Gaza-Israel conflict:: Israel launches Operation Cast Lead against Hamas in the Gaza Strip, killing at least 271 people and wounding at least 800. ](/news/2008/12/27/gaza-israel-conflict-israel-launches-operation-cast-lead-against-hamas-in-the-gaza-strip-killing-at-least-271-people-and-wounding-at-l.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Gaza-Israel conflict, Israel_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
7. [Blockade of the Gaza Strip: A Turkish ship carrying humanitarian aid for the Gaza Strip docks at the Israeli port city of Ashdod, the first warming move between the two countries since relations began to improve. Relations between Turkey and Israel were tense since the 2010 Gaza flotilla raid but ended last week when Turkey agreed to normalize ties in a diplomatic treaty. ](/news/2016/07/4/blockade-of-the-gaza-strip-a-turkish-ship-carrying-humanitarian-aid-for-the-gaza-strip-docks-at-the-israeli-port-city-of-ashdod-the-first.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israe.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015-present): Israel seals off the West Bank and Gaza Strip for two days while Yom Ha'atzmaut (Israel's remembrance day and independence day) is celebrated. ](/news/2016/05/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-present-israel-seals-off-the-west-bank-and-gaza-strip-for-two-days-while-yom-ha-atzmaut-israel-s-r.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
10. [Sinai insurgency: Four Egyptian security personnel are killed and another four are injured by a roadside bomb near the border town Rafah in the Sinai Peninsula. Islamist militants are suspected to have remotely detonated the device as an armored vehicle drove by the town's center, near the border with the Gaza Strip and Israel, security sources told Ahram Online. ](/news/2015/12/8/sinai-insurgency-four-egyptian-security-personnel-are-killed-and-another-four-are-injured-by-a-roadside-bomb-near-the-border-town-rafah-in.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel_
