### [2014-06-30](/news/2014/06/30/index.md)

# Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The bodies of three kidnapped Israeli teenagers, including one with dual American citizenship, are found partially buried near Hebron on the West Bank. Shin Bet determined they were murdered shortly after being kidnapped, and is searching for two Hamas kidnappers and accomplices.

The bodies of three Israeli teenagers who were kidnapped in the West Bank earlier this month have been found north of the city of Hebron, a source confirmed to ABC News today.


### Source:

1. [ABC News America](http://abcnews.go.com/International/bodies-missing-israeli-teens-found-hebron-source/story?id=24367041)
2. [Jpost](http://www.jpost.com/Operation-Brothers-Keeper/Large-number-of-IDF-forces-gather-north-of-Hebron-in-search-for-kidnapped-teens-361048)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation- with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaz.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
2. [Three Israeli teenagers were kidnapped by Palestinian militants. The Israel Defense Forces and Shin-Bet deployed large forces through the West Bank in order to find and rescue them. ([http://www.jpost.com/Defense/Names-of-missing-teenage-yeshiva-students-released-359317 Jerusalem Post])](/news/2014/06/12/three-israeli-teenagers-were-kidnapped-by-palestinian-militants-the-israel-defense-forces-and-shin-bet-deployed-large-forces-through-the-we.md) _Context: 2014 kidnapping and murder of Israeli teenagers, Israel, Shin Bet's, West Bank_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israe.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A report by two Israeli human rights groups, B'Tselem and HaMoked, states dozens of Palestinian detainees at the Shin Bet's Shikma interrogation facility in Ashkelon have been subjected to mistreatment, and in some cases torture. The report examined affidavits and personal accounts from 116 Palestinians held for security reasons at the facility between August 2013 and March 2014. ](/news/2016/02/24/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-report-by-two-israeli-human-rights-groups-b-tselem-and-hamoked-states-dozens-of-palestinian-detainees-at.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Shin Bet's_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence. ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapse.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian militants fire 3 rockets into Israel during the night after several violent riots throughout Israel and the West Bank. ](/news/2015/10/10/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-militants-fire-3-rockets-into-israel-during-the-night-after-several-violent-riots-throughout-isr.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
7. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel launches an airstrike against an alleged Hamas base near Khan Yunis in retaliation for a rocket attack. ](/news/2014/12/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-launches-an-airstrike-against-an-alleged-hamas-base-near-khan-yunis-in-retaliation-for-a-rocket-attac.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: After having rocks hurled at them, Israeli troops respond and shoot dead a Palestinian man in the West Bank. ](/news/2013/10/31/israeli-palestinian-conflict-after-having-rocks-hurled-at-them-israeli-troops-respond-and-shoot-dead-a-palestinian-man-in-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: A Palestinian, Naji Balbisi, dies from injuries he suffered during a clashes with Israeli forces in the West Bank city of Tulkarem, a day after his cousin, Amer al-Najjar, died in the clashes after they tried to firebomb a checkpoint. ](/news/2013/04/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-naji-balbisi-dies-from-injuries-he-suffered-during-a-clashes-with-israeli-forces-in-the-wes.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:: Israeli warplanes strike targets in the Gaza Strip in response to rocket fire, the first air strikes launched by Israel since an informal ceasefire ended eight days of cross-border fighting between Israel and Hamas-ruled Gaza in November 2012. ](/news/2013/04/3/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-warplanes-strike-targets-in-the-gaza-strip-in-response-to-rocket-fire-the-first-air-strikes-launch.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
