### [2014-06-30](/news/2014/06/30/index.md)

# The bodies of three kidnapped Israeli teenagers, including one with dual American citizenship, are found partially buried near Hebron on the West Bank. Shin Bet determined they were murdered shortly after being kidnapped, and is searching for two Hamas kidnappers and accomplices.

The bodies of three Israeli teenagers who were kidnapped in the West Bank earlier this month have been found north of the city of Hebron, a source confirmed to ABC News today.


### Source:

1. [ABC News America](http://abcnews.go.com/International/bodies-missing-israeli-teens-found-hebron-source/story?id=24367041)
2. [Jpost](http://www.jpost.com/Operation-Brothers-Keeper/Large-number-of-IDF-forces-gather-north-of-Hebron-in-search-for-kidnapped-teens-361048)

### Related:

1. [Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation" with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaza-will-fulfil-its-role-in-the-je.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
2. [Three Israeli teenagers were kidnapped by Palestinian militants. The Israel Defense Forces and Shin-Bet deployed large forces through the West Bank in order to find and rescue them. ([http://www.jpost.com/Defense/Names-of-missing-teenage-yeshiva-students-released-359317 Jerusalem Post])](/news/2014/06/12/three-israeli-teenagers-were-kidnapped-by-palestinian-militants-the-israel-defense-forces-and-shin-bet-deployed-large-forces-through-the-we.md) _Context: 2014 kidnapping and murder of Israeli teenagers, Israel, Shin Bet's, West Bank_
3. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
4. [A report by two Israeli human rights groups, B'Tselem and HaMoked, states dozens of Palestinian detainees at the Shin Bet's Shikma interrogation facility in Ashkelon have been subjected to mistreatment, and in some cases torture. The report examined affidavits and personal accounts from 116 Palestinians held for security reasons at the facility between August 2013 and March 2014. ](/news/2016/02/24/a-report-by-two-israeli-human-rights-groups-b-tselem-and-hamoked-states-dozens-of-palestinian-detainees-at-the-shin-bet-s-shikma-interroga.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Shin Bet's_
5. [Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence. ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapsed-a-nearby-house-killing-a-30-y.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
6. [Palestinian militants fire 3 rockets into Israel during the night after several violent riots throughout Israel and the West Bank. ](/news/2015/10/10/palestinian-militants-fire-3-rockets-into-israel-during-the-night-after-several-violent-riots-throughout-israel-and-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
7. [Israel launches an airstrike against an alleged Hamas base near Khan Yunis in retaliation for a rocket attack. ](/news/2014/12/20/israel-launches-an-airstrike-against-an-alleged-hamas-base-near-khan-yunis-in-retaliation-for-a-rocket-attack.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
8. [Israeli police and Shin Bet arrest several suspects in relation to the bombing of a public bus in Tel Aviv. The suspects claim affiliation with Hamas and Islamic Jihad and reveal they planted the bomb on the bus and detonated it remotely using a cell phone. ](/news/2012/11/22/israeli-police-and-shin-bet-arrest-several-suspects-in-relation-to-the-bombing-of-a-public-bus-in-tel-aviv-the-suspects-claim-affiliation-w.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Shin Bet's_
9. [Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu decides to make legal under Israeli law three settlement outposts in the occupied West Bank, to "formalise the status" of Bruchin and Rechelim, in the north, and Sansana, near Hebron in the south. The Palestinian Authority criticises the decision. ](/news/2012/04/24/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-decides-to-make-legal-under-israeli-law-three-settlement-outposts-in-the-occupied-west-bank-to-f.md) _Context: Hebron, Israel, West Bank_
10. [Israeli forces arrest Hamas MP Khalil Ar-Rabai after surrounding his home in the early morning in the southern West Bank town of Yatta. The destruction of family property is also reported. ](/news/2010/12/30/israeli-forces-arrest-hamas-mp-khalil-ar-rabai-after-surrounding-his-home-in-the-early-morning-in-the-southern-west-bank-town-of-yatta-the.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, West Bank_
