### [2015-12-14](/news/2015/12/14/index.md)

# Egypt's Civil Aviation Ministry reports their investigation of the 31 October 2015 deadly crash of Russian Metrojet Flight 9268 in the Sinai has not found any evidence of terrorism. Prior to this, the working assumption has been that plane was brought down by a bomb, and a group affiliated with ISIL said it was responsible. 

Contrary to the initial findings of the Egyptian probe into the plane crash, Russia believes the jet was brought down by a bomb.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2015/12/14/world/egypt-russian-jet-crash-investigation/)
2. [Sky News](http://news.sky.com/story/1605434/egypt-russian-jet-not-downed-by-terrorists)

### Related:

1. [Two months after Egypt's Civil Aviation Ministry ruled out terrorism in Flight 9268's crash, President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi admits an ISIS bomb downed the Russian passenger jet. The terrorist group's Sinai Peninsula Branch claimed responsibility shortly after the incident. ](/news/2016/02/24/two-months-after-egypt-s-civil-aviation-ministry-ruled-out-terrorism-in-flight-9268-s-crash-president-abdel-fattah-el-sisi-admits-an-isis-b.md) _Context: Civil Aviation Ministry, Flight 9268, ISIL, Russia_
2. [The Russian military launches cruise missile strikes from the Mediterranean on ISIS positions in Al-Raqqah, the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's de facto capital in Syria, Aleppo, and Idlib. A U.S. official confirms that Russia has conducted a significant number of strikes in Syria using both sea-launched cruise missiles and long-range bombers. Russian President Vladimir Putin has pledged to escalate his military campaign in Syria after it was confirmed that a bomb brought down Metrojet Flight 9268 over Egypt's Sinai Peninsula. ](/news/2015/11/17/the-russian-military-launches-cruise-missile-strikes-from-the-mediterranean-on-isis-positions-in-al-raqqah-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-th.md) _Context: Flight 9268, ISIL, Russia, Sinai Peninsula_
3. [U.S. intelligence analysts conclude the Russian plane was not brought down by surface-to-air missile. An American infrared satellite detected a heat flash at the same time and same place over the Sinai as the plane, but no evidence a missile was involved. Analysts believe it could have been some kind of explosion on the aircraft itself, either a fuel tank or a bomb. U.S. officials do not rule out that ISIL could have been responsible for bringing down the flight. ](/news/2015/11/2/u-s-intelligence-analysts-conclude-the-russian-plane-was-not-brought-down-by-surface-to-air-missile-an-american-infrared-satellite-detecte.md) _Context: ISIL, Russia, Sinai Peninsula_
4. [According to the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's official propaganda magazine, a soft drink can with an IED, a so-called "Schweppes bomb," was used to destroy the Russian airliner. ](/news/2015/11/19/according-to-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-s-official-propaganda-magazine-a-soft-drink-can-with-an-ied-a-so-called-schweppes-b.md) _Context: Flight 9268, ISIL, Russia_
5. [Egypt's security forces shoot dead at least 24 ISIS militants as they hid inside a cave in a mountainous area in central Sinai, not far from the crash site of Metrojet Flight 9268, a Russian airliner the group says it brought down. ](/news/2015/11/16/egypt-s-security-forces-shoot-dead-at-least-24-isis-militants-as-they-hid-inside-a-cave-in-a-mountainous-area-in-central-sinai-not-far-from.md) _Context: Flight 9268, Russia, Sinai Peninsula_
6. [As a temporary security measure, effective Saturday, Russia bans incoming flights by Egypt's state-owned airline, EgyptAir, two weeks after an apparent terrorist bomb downed a Russian jet in the Sinai. ](/news/2015/11/13/as-a-temporary-security-measure-effective-saturday-russia-bans-incoming-flights-by-egypt-s-state-owned-airline-egyptair-two-weeks-after.md) _Context: Flight 9268, Russia, Sinai Peninsula_
7. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information-from-tribal-leader.md) _Context: ISIL, Russia_
8. [The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria-following-russia-s-threat-that-it-would-treat-any-ai.md) _Context: ISIL, Russia_
9. [The Russian Ministry of Defence says its forces may have killed ISIL's leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi in an airstrike, south of Raqqa on 28 May, and currently is seeking confirmation. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-russian-ministry-of-defence-says-its-forces-may-have-killed-isil-s-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-in-an-airstrike-south-of-raqqa-on-28-may.md) _Context: ISIL, Russia_
10. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: ISIL, Russia_
