### [2015-12-14](/news/2015/12/14/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Army backed by Hezbollah fighters retakes a key airbase on the eastern outskirts of Damascus. The Marj al-Sultan airbase had been under rebel control since November 2012. 

Syrian government forces have regained control of a military airbase on the eastern outskirts of Damascus, activists and military sources say.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-35097609)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. Siege of Wadi Barada. The Syrian Army recaptures all of the towns and villages in the Barada river valley near Damascus from rebel forces. ](/news/2017/01/29/syrian-civil-war-siege-of-wadi-barada-the-syrian-army-recaptures-all-of-the-towns-and-villages-in-the-barada-river-valley-near-damascus-fr.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
2. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian Army troops surround the central prison in Hama after inmates revolted, seizing several guards. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says inmates were protesting against a planned transfer of prisoners from Hama to Sednaya Prison near Damascus. ](/news/2016/05/2/syrian-civil-war-syrian-army-troops-surround-the-central-prison-in-hama-after-inmates-revolted-seizing-several-guards-the-syrian-observat.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
3. [ Syrian civil war. Syrian government forces and allies, including Lebanese Hezbollah fighters, retake a large area southeast of Damascus, including the key town of Deir al-Asafir. ](/news/2016/05/19/syrian-civil-war-syrian-government-forces-and-allies-including-lebanese-hezbollah-fighters-retake-a-large-area-southeast-of-damascus-in.md) _Context: Damascus, Hezbollah, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian rebels fire volleys of mortar shells into Damascus, killing three people and wounding at least 30. Government forces respond with airstrikes into rebel-controlled Douma, just northeast of the capital, and surface-to-surface missiles into Eastern Ghouta and Saqba, that kill at least 35 people and injure many more, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2015/12/13/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-fire-volleys-of-mortar-shells-into-damascus-killing-three-people-and-wounding-at-least-30-government-force.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
5. [Syrian Civil War. Spillover of the Syrian Civil War. The Israeli Air Force reportedly conducts an airstrike near Damascus International Airport, in Syria's capital, the target apparently a weapons shipment reportedly intended for Lebanese terrorist organization Hezbollah, according to Syrian opposition groups. ](/news/2015/11/11/syrian-civil-war-spillover-of-the-syrian-civil-war-the-israeli-air-force-reportedly-conducts-an-airstrike-near-damascus-international-airp.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Syrian Civil War, Syrian rebels_
6. [Syrian Civil War. Following Russian airstrikes, the Syrian army and allied Lebanese Hezbollah militia take control of a highland area in Idlib province close to insurgent-held positions, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2015/10/11/syrian-civil-war-following-russian-airstrikes-the-syrian-army-and-allied-lebanese-hezbollah-militia-take-control-of-a-highland-area-in-idl.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian Civil War: Hezbollah and Syrian Army gain strategic territories in Qalamoun Mountains north of Damascus, which was held by opposition factions, particularly al-Nusra Front. ](/news/2015/05/13/syrian-civil-war-hezbollah-and-syrian-army-gain-strategic-territories-in-qalamoun-mountains-north-of-damascus-which-was-held-by-opposition.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War:. Syrian army and Hezbollah troops kill over 70 rebel fighters in an ambush in the outskirts of Damascus. ](/news/2014/02/26/syrian-civil-war-syrian-army-and-hezbollah-troops-kill-over-70-rebel-fighters-in-an-ambush-in-the-outskirts-of-damascus.md) _Context: Damascus, Hezbollah, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War:. The Syrian Army and their Lebanese ally Hezbollah begin an assault to retake the strategic border town Yabrud from the Syrian rebels. ](/news/2014/02/12/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-army-and-their-lebanese-ally-hezbollah-begin-an-assault-to-retake-the-strategic-border-town-yabrud-from-the-sy.md) _Context: Hezbollah, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
10. [Syrian civil war:. More than 160 people have been killed in fighting between the Syrian Army and opposition forces in the suburbs of Damascus. ](/news/2013/11/24/syrian-civil-war-more-than-160-people-have-been-killed-in-fighting-between-the-syrian-army-and-opposition-forces-in-the-suburbs-of-damascu.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
