### [2015-12-14](/news/2015/12/14/index.md)

# Two senior army commanders from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are killed, including the head of the Saudi Special forces in Yemen, Colonel Abdullah al-Sahyan, along with dozens of Saudi, Emirati, Sudanese and Yemeni coalition troops in a OTR-21 Tochka missile attack by Houthi forces on their base near the city of Taiz in southwestern Yemen. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/uk-yemen-security-idUKKBN0TX0FN20151214)

### Related:

1. [Saudi-led coalition airstrikes, targeting Houthi rebels battling pro-government fighters, killed and wounded dozens in the port city of Mocha, according to Yemeni security officials. Around 35 fighters on both sides were killed in the battle over a key military base near the city of Taiz. ](/news/2015/12/8/saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-targeting-houthi-rebels-battling-pro-government-fighters-killed-and-wounded-dozens-in-the-port-city-of-moch.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Taiz, Yemen, Yemeni, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
2. [The United Arab Emirates pulls its troops out of Yemen amid mounting casualties among its forces battling Shia Houthi militants and rising tensions with local fighters in Aden, southern Yemen, which escalated yesterday when Aden International Airport was stormed by local pro-government gunmen. The airport has now been closed. ](/news/2016/02/24/the-united-arab-emirates-pulls-its-troops-out-of-yemen-amid-mounting-casualties-among-its-forces-battling-shia-houthi-militants-and-rising-t.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, United Arab Emirates, Yemen, forces_
3. [Yemen's Sana'a-controlled forces fire a Scud missile at Saudi Arabia in retaliation to Saudi "war crimes". A spokesman for Yemen's military allied with Houthi militants said the missile hit a Saudi airbase and caused "widespread destruction". There was no immediate comment from the Saudi side. ](/news/2015/10/15/yemen-s-sana-a-controlled-forces-fire-a-scud-missile-at-saudi-arabia-in-retaliation-to-saudi-war-crimes-a-spokesman-for-yemen-s-military.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen, Yemeni, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
4. [Houthi militants backed by Yemeni troops reportedly seize control of al-Rabu'ah, a town in Saudi Arabia's southwestern Asir region near the Yemeni border, forcing Saudi forces to pull out of the area. ](/news/2015/09/15/houthi-militants-backed-by-yemeni-troops-reportedly-seize-control-of-al-rabuaah-a-town-in-saudi-arabia-s-southwestern-asir-region-near-th.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen, Yemeni_
5. [Five Saudi troops are killed following clashes with Houthi militants in the southern Najran region near the border with Yemen. ](/news/2015/09/14/five-saudi-troops-are-killed-following-clashes-with-houthi-militants-in-the-southern-najran-region-near-the-border-with-yemen.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
6. [Roughly 1,500 United Arab Emirates Army troops deploy with tanks and heavy equipment to the strategic southern Yemeni city of Aden which has been the scene of heavy fighting between Houthi militants and fighters loyal to the previous regime of Abd Rabbuh Mansur Hadi. Previous attempts by the Saudi Arabian Army and Royal Saudi Air Force to defeat the Houthis were unsuccessful. ](/news/2015/08/4/roughly-1-500-united-arab-emirates-army-troops-deploy-with-tanks-and-heavy-equipment-to-the-strategic-southern-yemeni-city-of-aden-which-has.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015), forces_
7. [A Saudi-led coalition spokesman announces they have exchanged prisoners with their Houthi opponents and "welcome a pause in the combat on the border." Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said the lull was important to deliver aid and medical supplies to people in northern regions of Yemen. Yesterday, a Houthi delegation was in Saudi Arabia for talks to end the war. Al-Jubeir and his Yemeni counterpart noted formal negotiations to end the fighting can only take place under the auspices of the United Nations. ](/news/2016/03/9/a-saudi-led-coalition-spokesman-announces-they-have-exchanged-prisoners-with-their-houthi-opponents-and-welcome-a-pause-in-the-combat-on-th.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen_
8. [Two ballistic missiles are fired from Yemen at Saudi Arabia, one of which is intercepted by the kingdom's air defences, while the other missile lands near the city of Najran, according to a coalition statement on Saudi state media. No casualties have been reported. ](/news/2015/12/18/two-ballistic-missiles-are-fired-from-yemen-at-saudi-arabia-one-of-which-is-intercepted-by-the-kingdom-s-air-defences-while-the-other-miss.md) _Context: Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
9. [Houthi forces regain several positions across southern Yemen after launching a fresh offensive against loyalist and coalition forces. In Lahij province, which borders Aden, Houthi forces are now positioned on a hill overlooking the strategic Al Anad Air Base, which houses Sudanese forces. The Houthis also retook the Damt District in the Dhale province after besieging it for hours, at least 16 people were killed in the clashes. ](/news/2015/11/8/houthi-forces-regain-several-positions-across-southern-yemen-after-launching-a-fresh-offensive-against-loyalist-and-coalition-forces-in-lah.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
10. [The United Arab Emirates has recruited several hundred Central and South American mercenaries to fight the Houthis in Yemen. ](/news/2015/11/25/the-united-arab-emirates-has-recruited-several-hundred-central-and-south-american-mercenaries-to-fight-the-houthis-in-yemen.md) _Context: Houthi, United Arab Emirates, Yemen, Yemeni Civil War (2015)_
