### [2013-04-23](/news/2013/04/23/index.md)

# The French National Assembly passes an amended bill legalizing same-sex marriage, paving the way for President Francois Hollande to promulgate it. 

PARIS (AP) — France legalized gay marriage on Tuesday after a wrenching national debate that has exposed deep social conservatism in the nation&#x27;s heartland and triggered huge protests in Paris from both sides of the divide. Legions of officers with water cannon braced outside the National Assembly


### Source:

1. [AP via Yahoo! News](http://news.yahoo.com/france-legalizes-gay-marriage-harsh-debate-151608251.html)

### Related:

1. [A police sniper accidentally fires his weapon while changing position and injures two people during a speech by French President Francois Hollande in Villognon. ](/news/2017/02/28/a-police-sniper-accidentally-fires-his-weapon-while-changing-position-and-injures-two-people-during-a-speech-by-french-president-franassois-h.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
2. [French President Francois Hollande reproaches U.S. President Donald Trump for his disparaging comments about Paris at Friday's Conservative Political Action Conference, noting that  allies should have more respect and support for each other. ](/news/2017/02/25/french-president-franassois-hollande-reproaches-u-s-president-donald-trump-for-his-disparaging-comments-about-paris-at-friday-s-conservative.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
3. [Francois Hollande, the President of France, announces that he will not run in next year's presidential election. This leaves the selection of a candidate for the French Socialist Party wide open. ](/news/2016/12/1/franassois-hollande-the-president-of-france-announces-that-he-will-not-run-in-next-year-s-presidential-election-this-leaves-the-selection.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
4. [At least three French Armed Forces soldiers are killed after their helicopter is shot down near the city of Benghazi, Libya. The soldiers were killed while carrying out "dangerous intelligence operations", according to French President Francois Hollande. ](/news/2016/07/20/at-least-three-french-armed-forces-soldiers-are-killed-after-their-helicopter-is-shot-down-near-the-city-of-benghazi-libya-the-soldiers-we.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
5. [The President of France Francois Hollande extends a state of emergency against terrorism for three months following the attack which has now claimed over 80 lives. He had previously announced that it would be lifted on 26 July. ](/news/2016/07/15/the-president-of-france-franassois-hollande-extends-a-state-of-emergency-against-terrorism-for-three-months-following-the-attack-which-has-no.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
6. [European Union leaders advise  the United Kingdom that, after their EU exit, to retain access to the bloc's lucrative single market, the UK must allow free movement for EU workers. German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande reiterated that freedom of movement of EU citizens is non-negotiable. ](/news/2016/06/29/european-union-leaders-advise-the-united-kingdom-that-after-their-eu-exit-to-retain-access-to-the-bloc-s-lucrative-single-market-the-uk.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
7. [France's National Assembly votes to adopt a non-binding resolution to lift European Union sanctions against Russia, applied after Russia's annexation of Crimea in 2014. Former President Nicolas Sarkozy's Republicans, as well as center-right and far-left groups voted in favor of lifting the sanctions, while the ruling Socialist Party and The Greens voted against the resolution. ](/news/2016/04/28/france-s-national-assembly-votes-to-adopt-a-non-binding-resolution-to-lift-european-union-sanctions-against-russia-applied-after-russia-s-a.md) _Context: National Assembly, President of France_
8. [Christiane Taubira, differing with President Francois Hollande concerning  pending terrorist/citizenship legislation, resigns as the Minister of Justice in France. ](/news/2016/01/27/christiane-taubira-differing-with-president-franassois-hollande-concerning-pending-terrorist-citizenship-legislation-resigns-as-the-minist.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
9. [With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country's 13  regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's  party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-win-in-six-of-the-countryas-13-r.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
10. [The French National Assembly approves President Francois Hollande's request to extend the current state of emergency for three months. The Senate must still approve the measure. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-french-national-assembly-approves-president-franassois-hollande-s-request-to-extend-the-current-state-of-emergency-for-three-months-the.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, National Assembly_
