### [2010-06-6](/news/2010/06/6/index.md)

# Israel rejects United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon's proposal to create an international committee of inquiry into the raid on Gaza flotilla raid; committee members would include representatives from the United States, Turkey and Israel. 

Prime Minister Netanyahu tells Ban Ki-moon: Investigation of the facts must be carried out responsibly and objectively. 


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/10250354.stm)
2. [Haaretz](http://www.haaretz.com/news/diplomacy-defense/israel-rejects-un-proposal-for-joint-gaza-flotilla-probe-with-u-s-and-turkey-1.294489)

### Related:

1. [Israeli inquiry into the Gaza flotilla raid:An Israeli inquiry finds its own army acts "legal pursuant to the rules of international law" during May's fatal Gaza flotilla raid in which 9 Turkish activists were killed; a separate United Nations inquiry said there had been an "unacceptable level of brutality". The inquiry also declares Israel's naval blockade of Gaza to be legal. ](/news/2011/01/23/israeli-inquiry-into-the-gaza-flotilla-raid-pan-israeli-inquiry-finds-its-own-army-acts-legal-pursuant-to-the-rules-of-international-law-d.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel, Turkish, United Nations_
2. [Israel announces that Benjamin Netanyahu, Ehud Barak and Avigdor Lieberman have chosen Yosef Ciechanover, who formerly held posts in the Foreign Ministry, Defence Ministry and defence mission to the United States, to represent it on the United Nations panel to investigate May's Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2010/08/7/israel-announces-that-benjamin-netanyahu-ehud-barak-and-avigdor-lieberman-have-chosen-yosef-ciechanover-who-formerly-held-posts-in-the-for.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel, U.S., United Nations_
3. [The United Nations establishes a panel with an Israeli and Turk amongst its members to investigate the Gaza flotilla raid in May. ](/news/2010/08/2/the-united-nations-establishes-a-panel-with-an-israeli-and-turk-amongst-its-members-to-investigate-the-gaza-flotilla-raid-in-may.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel, Turkish, United Nations_
4. [A group of more than 30 journalists from such countries as Turkey, Spain, Germany, Lebanon, Egypt, the United Kingdom and the United States announces it is to take legal action against Israel for equipment lost and money stolen due to the Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2010/07/14/a-group-of-more-than-30-journalists-from-such-countries-as-turkey-spain-germany-lebanon-egypt-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel, Turkish, U.S._
5. [Philip Gordon, the Obama administration's top diplomat on European affairs warns Turkey that it must demonstrate its commitment to NATO, Europe and the United States after its opposition to sanctions against Iran's nuclear program and rhetoric against Israel after the Gaza flotilla raid. ](/news/2010/06/28/philip-gordon-the-obama-administration-s-top-diplomat-on-european-affairs-warns-turkey-that-it-must-demonstrate-its-commitment-to-nato-eur.md) _Context: Gaza flotilla raid, Israel, Turkish, U.S._
6. [Israel grants permission to United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and European Union High Representative Catherine Ashton to visit Gaza after denying permission to other international politicians. ](/news/2010/03/9/israel-grants-permission-to-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-and-european-union-high-representative-catherine-ashton-to-visit-ga.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Israel, Secretary General, United Nations_
7. [Middle East:Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon enters Gaza with the message "we (the United Nations) stand with you (Palestine)", criticises Israel's actions and speaks of his distress at the "unacceptable, unsustainable conditions" endured by Palestinians and the lack of reconstruction of damaged buildings. ](/news/2010/03/21/middle-east-psecretary-general-of-the-united-nations-ban-ki-moon-enters-gaza-with-the-message-we-the-united-nations-stand-with-you-pales.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Israel, Secretary General, United Nations_
8. [ United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon announces an investigation into Israel's attack on the U.N.'s Gaza Strip headquarters. ](/news/2009/01/30/united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-announces-an-investigation-into-israel-s-attack-on-the-u-n-s-gaza-strip-headquarters.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Israel, Secretary General, United Nations_
9. [The United States vetoes a United Nations Security Council resolution aimed at stopping Israeli airstrikes against Gaza. UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon and the United Kingdom, European Union, Russia, France, and China all call for a ceasefire. ](/news/2008/12/28/the-united-states-vetoes-a-united-nations-security-council-resolution-aimed-at-stopping-israeli-airstrikes-against-gaza-un-secretary-genera.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General, U.S., United Nations_
10. [ President of Iran Mahmoud Ahmadinejad remarks that Israel should be moved to Europe and the "issue will be resolved." His remarks were widely condemned as Holocaust denial by Israeli, European and American politicians, The Secretary General of the United Nations, Kofi Annan, issued a statement indicating that he "was shocked", while Saudi, Turkish and Iranian officials criticized his speech because it undermined a Mecca summit dedicated to showing Islam's moderate face.](/news/2005/12/8/president-of-iran-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-remarks-that-israel-should-be-moved-to-europe-and-the-issue-will-be-resolved-his-remarks-were-wide.md) _Context: Israel, Secretary General, Turkish, U.S._
