### [2010-06-6](/news/2010/06/6/index.md)

# Pope Benedict XVI calls for an urgent international effort to resolve tensions in the Middle East, at the end of a three-day trip to Cyprus. 

The Pope urges efforts to resolve Middle East tensions, and draws attention to the plight of Christians in the region.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/world/europe/10249865.stm)

### Related:

1. [Pope Benedict XVI says he is "deeply saddened" by yesterday's fatal stabbing of the Roman Catholic Apostolic Vicariate of Anatolia, Luigi Padovese, who was to meet him on the first ever visit to Cyprus by any Pope today. ](/news/2010/06/4/pope-benedict-xvi-says-he-is-deeply-saddened-by-yesterday-s-fatal-stabbing-of-the-roman-catholic-apostolic-vicariate-of-anatolia-luigi-pa.md) _Context: Benedict XVI, Cyprus_
2. [ Pope Benedict XVI announces he is to hold a special meeting of Roman Catholic bishops to discuss the concerns and challenges of the Church in the Middle East in October 2010. ](/news/2009/09/19/pope-benedict-xvi-announces-he-is-to-hold-a-special-meeting-of-roman-catholic-bishops-to-discuss-the-concerns-and-challenges-of-the-church.md) _Context: Benedict XVI, Middle East_
3. [ Pope  Benedict laments the violence in Darfur, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Zimbabwe, Somalia, Afghanistan, and the Middle East, stating, "nothing positive is happening in Iraq" in his Easter homily. ](/news/2007/04/8/pope-benedict-laments-the-violence-in-darfur-the-democratic-republic-of-congo-zimbabwe-somalia-afghanistan-and-the-middle-east-stati.md) _Context: Benedict XVI, Middle East_
4. [The European Parliament votes to end visa-free travel for United States citizens after the U.S. government failed to agree to visa-free travel for citizens of five European Union member states, Bulgaria, Croatia, Cyprus, Poland and Romania. The resolution is non-binding. ](/news/2017/03/3/the-european-parliament-votes-to-end-visa-free-travel-for-united-states-citizens-after-the-u-s-government-failed-to-agree-to-visa-free-trav.md) _Context: Cyprus_
5. [According to the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute, the global transfer of weapons between 2012 and 2016 has been higher than any other five-year period since the end of the Cold War, with the Middle East increasing its weapon imports by 212%, second only to India, who accounted for 13% of the world's imports. ](/news/2017/02/20/according-to-the-stockholm-international-peace-research-institute-the-global-transfer-of-weapons-between-2012-and-2016-has-been-higher-than.md) _Context: Middle East_
6. [Greek and Turkish local leaders of Cyprus resume talks to end the division of the island before a high level multilateral conference takes place in Geneva this week in the latest effort to reunify the island. ](/news/2017/01/9/greek-and-turkish-local-leaders-of-cyprus-resume-talks-to-end-the-division-of-the-island-before-a-high-level-multilateral-conference-takes-p.md) _Context: Cyprus_
7. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan vows that the Turkish Armed Forces will stay on Cyprus "in perpetuity" and that the proposal of a rotating presidency for a unified island is unacceptable, casting doubts on an eventual solution to the dispute. The remarks come as the latest round of unity talks end, with them to restart on January 18. ](/news/2017/01/13/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-vows-that-the-turkish-armed-forces-will-stay-on-cyprus-in-perpetuity-and-that-the-proposal-of-a-ro.md) _Context: Cyprus_
8. [The leaders of northern and southern Cyprus meet in Switzerland to restart talks about reuniting the island. ](/news/2016/11/7/the-leaders-of-northern-and-southern-cyprus-meet-in-switzerland-to-restart-talks-about-reuniting-the-island.md) _Context: Cyprus_
9. [The United States Air Force deploys B-52 bombers to Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar to join operations against ISIL in Syria and Iraq. This is the first time they have been stationed in the Middle East since the end of the Gulf War in 1991. ](/news/2016/04/9/the-united-states-air-force-deploys-b-52-bombers-to-al-udeid-air-base-in-qatar-to-join-operations-against-isil-in-syria-and-iraq-this-is-th.md) _Context: Middle East_
10. [United States  President Barack Obama, at the Gulf Cooperation Council Summit in Saudi Arabia, says the United States will continue to deter and confront aggression against Gulf Arab states; joins others in warning the fragile cease-fire in Syria is on the verge of collapse; pledges vigilance about Iran's destabilizing activities in the Middle East; wants Gulf allies to offer more democratic reforms and improve human rights; and, says the U.S. and its Gulf partners should wait to see whether Iraq can resolve its political crisis before committing more financial aid which is impeding the fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/04/21/united-states-president-barack-obama-at-the-gulf-cooperation-council-summit-in-saudi-arabia-says-the-united-states-will-continue-to-deter.md) _Context: Middle East_
