### [2010-06-6](/news/2010/06/6/index.md)

# Two men bound for Somalia to join an Islamic extremist group with links to Al-Qaeda are arrested at Kennedy International Airport, New York City, United States. 




### Source:

1. [The New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2010/06/07/nyregion/07terror.html?src=mv)

### Related:

1. [ War in Somalia. U.S. officials say unmanned airstrikes in southern Somalia killed about a dozen suspected militants from the al Qaeda-linked group al Shabaab on Monday and Tuesday. ](/news/2016/04/12/war-in-somalia-u-s-officials-say-unmanned-airstrikes-in-southern-somalia-killed-about-a-dozen-suspected-militants-from-the-al-qaeda-linke.md) _Context: Somalia, United States, al-Qaeda_
2. [ Al Qaeda's Deputy Leader Ayman al-Zawahri claims that the United States is being defeated in Iraq, Afghanistan, Somalia and North Africa. ](/news/2007/09/20/al-qaeda-s-deputy-leader-ayman-al-zawahri-claims-that-the-united-states-is-being-defeated-in-iraq-afghanistan-somalia-and-north-africa.md) _Context: Somalia, United States, al-Qaeda_
3. [ War in Somalia: Somali official says that a senior al-Qaeda suspect responsible for bombing U.S. embassies in East Africa eight years ago is possibly killed in a U.S. airstrike in the Battle of Ras Kamboni. ](/news/2007/01/10/war-in-somalia-somali-official-says-that-a-senior-al-qaeda-suspect-responsible-for-bombing-u-s-embassies-in-east-africa-eight-years-ago-i.md) _Context: Somalia, United States, al-Qaeda_
4. [ Three British men are indicted by a United States court in a 2004 alleged plot to destroy financial institutions in the USA, including such notable landmarks as the New York Stock Exchange in New York City, the Prudential building in New Jersey, and the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund in Washington, D.C.. The U.S. claims that one is a senior Al-Qaeda member. ](/news/2005/04/12/three-british-men-are-indicted-by-a-united-states-court-in-a-2004-alleged-plot-to-destroy-financial-institutions-in-the-usa-including-such.md) _Context: New York City, United States, al-Qaeda_
5. [War in Somalia (2009-present). The United States is to deploy troops to Somalia for the first time since 1994 to help train the Somali Armed Forces in their conflict with al-Shabaab insurgents. ](/news/2017/04/14/war-in-somalia-2009-present-the-united-states-is-to-deploy-troops-to-somalia-for-the-first-time-since-1994-to-help-train-the-somali-arm.md) _Context: Somalia, United States_
6. [LGBT rights in the United States. A group of United States mayors forms ""Mayors Against Discrimination"" in the wake of recent discriminatory laws enacted in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/lgbt-rights-in-the-united-states-a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminato.md) _Context: New York City, United States_
7. [2016 Chester, Pennsylvania train derailment. Two people are killed and 35 injured when a United States Amtrak passenger train on the Palmetto route traveling from New York City to Savannah, Georgia, with 341 passengers and seven crew on board, derails in Chester, Pennsylvania, after striking a backhoe that was on the track. Local media reports the deceased are veteran Amtrak workers. Area hospitals are treating the injured; none in life-threatening condition. ](/news/2016/04/3/2016-chester-pennsylvania-train-derailment-two-people-are-killed-and-35-injured-when-a-united-states-amtrak-passenger-train-on-the-palmett.md) _Context: New York City, United States_
8. [War in Somalia (2009-present). A U.S. drone strike reportedly kills a key Al-Shabaab leader, Hassan Ali Dhoore, and two other militants, near the town of Jilib, Somalia, according to several U.S. officials. ](/news/2016/04/1/war-in-somalia-2009-present-a-u-s-drone-strike-reportedly-kills-a-key-al-shabaab-leader-hassan-ali-dhoore-and-two-other-militants-n.md) _Context: Somalia, United States_
9. [War in Somalia (2009-present). According to the Pentagon, more than 150 al-Shabaab fighters are reportedly killed Saturday by U.S. manned and unmanned aircraft strikes targeting a training camp near the central Somali town of Buloburde. ](/news/2016/03/7/war-in-somalia-2009-present-according-to-the-pentagon-more-than-150-al-shabaab-fighters-are-reportedly-killed-saturday-by-u-s-manned.md) _Context: Somalia, United States_
10. [A group of mayors and officials from American cities such as Philadelphia and New York City say that if they had their way Donald Trump would be banned from their cities for his comments on Muslims. ](/news/2015/12/9/a-group-of-mayors-and-officials-from-american-cities-such-as-philadelphia-and-new-york-city-say-that-if-they-had-their-way-donald-trump-woul.md) _Context: New York City, United States_
