### [2013-04-28](/news/2013/04/28/index.md)

# Syrian civil war:. Syrian rebels capture three military airbases in the north. 




### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/world/middle_east/heavy-clashes-between-rebels-troops-in-military-air-bases-in-northern-syria/2013/04/28/0f401160-afe7-11e2-9fb1-62de9581c946_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Free Syrian Army, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Syrian Civil War. A missile-strike in Jaramana in southern Syria kills high-ranking Lebanese Hezbollah commander Samir Kuntar and eight National Defence Force (NDF) personnel. The responsibility for the incident taken by the Free Syrian Army, though Hezbollah alleges Israeli involvement. Kuntar was the longest serving Lebanese prisoner in Israel until his release in 2008. On April 22, 1979 Kuntar and his team broke into an apartment building and kidnapped a father, 31-year-old Danny Haran, and his 4-year-old daughter, Einat, taking them to a nearby beach and killing them. ](/news/2015/12/20/syrian-civil-war-a-missile-strike-in-jaramana-in-southern-syria-kills-high-ranking-lebanese-hezbollah-commander-samir-kuntar-and-eight-nati.md) _Context: Free Syrian Army, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Syrian Civil War. Russian military intervention in the Syrian Civil War. Russian airstrikes in Syria-s coastal Latakia province have killed a top FSA commander, Basil Zamo, and several other rebel fighters. ](/news/2015/10/20/syrian-civil-war-russian-military-intervention-in-the-syrian-civil-war-russian-airstrikes-in-syria-s-coastal-latakia-province-have-kille.md) _Context: Free Syrian Army, Syria, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Syrian Civil War. Seven members of the White Helmets are shot dead by unidentified gunmen who stormed their office in rebel-held Sarmin, in northwestern Syria. ](/news/2017/08/12/syrian-civil-war-seven-members-of-the-white-helmets-are-shot-dead-by-unidentified-gunmen-who-stormed-their-office-in-rebel-held-sarmin-in.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War. The Russian air force bombards the city of Madan and Zor Shamr Camp, south and east of Raqqa, Syria, with cluster bombs, killing six civilians and wounding 19 others. Nearby Alburamadan town was also struck; there are no reports of casualties. ](/news/2017/07/23/syrian-civil-war-the-russian-air-force-bombards-the-city-of-madan-and-zor-shamr-camp-south-and-east-of-raqqa-syria-with-cluster-bombs-k.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
6. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian rebels, who have benefited from the "covert" CIA military aid program, say they have not been officially informed of the U.S. decision to stop this aid, and add that its full impact depends on whether U.S. allies Jordan, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, and Turkey continue to support their fight. A Free Syrian Army commander warns this decision risks triggering the collapse of the moderate opposition. ](/news/2017/07/20/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-who-have-benefited-from-the-covert-cia-military-aid-program-say-they-have-not-been-officially-informed-o.md) _Context: Free Syrian Army, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian Civil War. Military intervention against ISIL. The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/syrian-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War. After yesterday's downing of a Syrian Su-22 jet, Russia shuts down a deconfliction channel and says it will follow any aircraft west of the Euphrates as a target. ](/news/2017/06/19/syrian-civil-war-after-yesterday-s-downing-of-a-syrian-su-22-jet-russia-shuts-down-a-deconfliction-channel-and-says-it-will-follow-any-air.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War. 2017 Deir ez-Zor missile strike. Iran fires medium range ballistic missiles from western Iran to ISIL targets in Deir ez-Zor Governorate, eastern Syria, in retaliation for the June 7 Tehran attacks. ](/news/2017/06/18/syrian-civil-war-2017-deir-ez-zor-missile-strike-iran-fires-medium-range-ballistic-missiles-from-western-iran-to-isil-targets-in-deir-ez-z.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
10. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Syria, Syrian Civil War_
