### [2015-09-17](/news/2015/09/17/index.md)

# Along with 15 other international envoys, Cuban diplomat Jose Ramon Cabanas Rodriguez presents his credentials to U.S. President Barack Obama, becoming the island's first ambassador to the United States since 1961. The Obama Administration has yet to name an ambassador to Cuba. 

Diplomat Jose Ramon Cabañas Rodriguez handed President Barack Obama his credentials as Cuba’s ambassador to the United States at an official ceremony that took place on Thursday at the Oval Office. 


### Source:

1. [AP via U.S. News & World Report](http://www.usnews.com/news/business/articles/2015/09/17/us-cuba-to-resume-mail-service-this-year-other-steps-near)
2. [Havana Times](http://www.havanatimes.org/?p=113974)

### Related:

1. [President Barack Obama issues an executive order on Cuba lifting monetary limits on the amount of Cuban products, including cigars and rum, which Americans can bring back for personal use, allowing Cubans and Americans to engage in joint medical research, and allowing Cubans to buy certain U.S. consumer goods online. ](/news/2016/10/14/president-barack-obama-issues-an-executive-order-on-cuba-lifting-monetary-limits-on-the-amount-of-cuban-products-including-cigars-and-rum.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba, Cuba-United States relations, President_
2. [U.S. President Barack Obama and the First Family begin their three-day visit to Havana, Cuba, to mark the end of 54 years of tensions in Cuba-United States relations. Obama is the first sitting U.S. president to visit the country since Calvin Coolidge in 1928. ](/news/2016/03/20/u-s-president-barack-obama-and-the-first-family-begin-their-three-day-visit-to-havana-cuba-to-mark-the-end-of-54-years-of-tensions-in-cub.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba, Cuba-United States relations, President_
3. [The President of the United States Barack Obama announces that he will visit Cuba next month becoming the first American president to visit Cuba since 1928. ](/news/2016/02/18/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-that-he-will-visit-cuba-next-month-becoming-the-first-american-president-to-visit.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba, Cuba-United States relations, President_
4. [The President of the United States Barack Obama announces plans to close the Guantanamo Bay detention camp in Cuba. Obama made similar statements during his first presidential campaign in 2007 and had previously stated that the camp would be closed by 2010. ](/news/2016/02/23/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-announces-plans-to-close-the-guantanamo-bay-detention-camp-in-cuba-obama-made-similar-state.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba, President_
5. [President of the United States Barack Obama endorses a proposal to remove Cuba from a list of countries that sponsor terrorism. ](/news/2015/04/14/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-endorses-a-proposal-to-remove-cuba-from-a-list-of-countries-that-sponsor-terrorism.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba, President_
6. [In the United States, Senator Rand Paul ends a 13-hour filibuster to block voting on the nomination of John O. Brennan as the Director of the CIA, questioning President Barack Obama and his administration's use of drones, and the stated legal justification for hypothetical lethal use within the United States targeting against noncombatants. Attorney General Eric Holder states that combat drones would not be used to target and kill, without due process, Americans not engaged in combat on American soil. ](/news/2013/03/7/in-the-united-states-senator-rand-paul-ends-a-13-hour-filibuster-to-block-voting-on-the-nomination-of-john-o-brennan-as-the-director-of-th.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Obama Administration, President_
7. [The Obama administration in the United States eases travel and other restrictions on Cuba. ](/news/2011/01/14/the-obama-administration-in-the-united-states-eases-travel-and-other-restrictions-on-cuba.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba, Obama Administration_
8. [The American Ballet Theatre is given permission by its country's President, Barack Obama, to perform in Cuba; it would be the first time in 50 years. American tourists are still banned by their government from travelling to Cuba. ](/news/2010/08/18/the-american-ballet-theatre-is-given-permission-by-its-country-s-president-barack-obama-to-perform-in-cuba-it-would-be-the-first-time-in.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba, President_
9. [President of the United States Barack Obama requests that Cuba's leaders release all political prisoners, describing human rights there as "deeply disturbing". ](/news/2010/03/25/president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-requests-that-cuba-s-leaders-release-all-political-prisoners-describing-human-rights-there-as.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba, President_
10. [ Former Cuban President Fidel Castro criticizes United States President Barack Obama for supporting "Israeli genocide" against the Palestinian people. ](/news/2009/01/31/former-cuban-president-fidel-castro-criticizes-united-states-president-barack-obama-for-supporting-israeli-genocide-against-the-palestini.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Cuba, President_
