### [2015-09-17](/news/2015/09/17/index.md)

# Brazil's Supreme Court issues a decision that bans corporate money in elections. This ruling comes as a major investigation is underway in the country on a campaign financing bribery and corruption scandal. 

BRASILIA - Brazil&#039;s Supreme Court decided on Thursday to ban corporate donations to election campaign financing in a move to clean up Brazilian politics caught in a massive kickback scandal. The top court voted 8-3 to allow election donations from individuals but not from companies, a decision that renders unconstitutional a bill passed last week by the country&#039;s Congress allowing corporate funding for political parties. The ruling comes in the midst of Brazil&#039;s biggest corruption investigation into bribes and political kickbacks on contracts with state-oil company Petrobras. The funds allegedly went into the pockets of dozens of politicians in President Dilma Rousseff&#039;s governing coalition. The treasurer of her Worker&#039;s Party is in jail, and her election-campaign accounts are under investigation to see whether bribe money was used to help re-elect her last October. The scandal heightened public scrutiny of corporate funding as scores of executives from Brazil&#039;s largest construction firms were indicted on corruption charges for paying bribes from overpriced contracts with Petroleo Brasileiro . &quot;We have come to an absolutely chaotic situation in which economic power dominates political power in an illegal way,&quot; Justice Luiz Fux said, arguing with the majority that the ban on corporate funding is needed to set an equal playing field for election candidates. The Supreme Court&#039;s decision had been on hold for 16 months after one of its members, Gilmar Mendes, asked for more time to consider the issue, arguing that Congress should rule on the matter first. Last week, lawmakers reversed their earlier position and passed a bill that would allow companies to fund parties in election campaigns but not make donations to individual candidates. The bill is awaiting Rousseff&#039;s signature to become law. Justice Mendes voted against the ban on corporate funding, arguing that it would only encourage funding through illegal slush funds dubbed &quot;caixa dois&quot; or under-the-table cash. With the court&#039;s ban on corporate funding, the law passed by Congress will become unconstitutional if Rousseff signs it, and the issue will return to the Supreme Court, Mendes said. Campaign financing in Brazil is both public and private. Parties receive public funding in proportion to their number of seats in the lower house. Private individuals can donate up to 10 pct of their income and companies, until the court&#039;s ruling, up to 2 pct of their revenue. REUTERS


### Source:

1. [AP via Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2015/09/17/brazil-top-court-bans-corporate-campaign-contributions-amid-scandal-involving/)
2. [Singapore Today Online](http://www.todayonline.com/world/brazils-top-court-bans-corporate-money-election-campaigns)

### Related:

1. [Corruption in Brazil. The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court releases a plea bargain testimony from JBS S.A., revealing that the company paid 500 million reais in bribes to politicians, including current President Michel Temer and his predecessors Dilma and Lula. ](/news/2017/05/19/corruption-in-brazil-the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-releases-a-plea-bargain-testimony-from-jbs-s-a-revealing-that-the-company-paid-5.md) _Context: Brazil, Supreme Federal Court_
2. [Operation Car Wash. Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff. Acting on a request from Brazil's top prosecutor, Supreme Court Justice Teori Zavascki suspends President of the Deputies Chamber Eduardo Cunha for obstructing the Petrobras corruption investigation. The full court confirms this action, Cunha is eliminated from the line of succession to President Dilma Rousseff, who may be suspended from office next week. ](/news/2016/05/5/operation-car-wash-impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-acting-on-a-request-from-brazil-s-top-prosecutor-supreme-court-justice-teor.md) _Context: Brazil, Supreme Federal Court_
3. [2015-16 protests in Brazil. Marco Aurelio Mello, a Supreme Federal Court judge orders Brazil's Chamber of Deputies to start impeachment proceedings against Vice President Michel Temer over charges he helped doctor budget accounting as part of President Dilma Rousseff's administration. ](/news/2016/04/5/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-marco-aura-c-lio-mello-a-supreme-federal-court-judge-orders-brazil-s-chamber-of-deputies-to-start-impeachment-p.md) _Context: Brazil, Supreme Federal Court_
4. [Impeachment process against Dilma Rousseff. The Supreme Federal Court of Brazil rejects a bid by the Attorney General to suspend a vote in the parliament to begin impeachment procedures against the President Dilma Rousseff. ](/news/2016/04/15/impeachment-process-against-dilma-rousseff-the-supreme-federal-court-of-brazil-rejects-a-bid-by-the-attorney-general-to-suspend-a-vote-in-t.md) _Context: Brazil, Supreme Federal Court_
5. [2015-16 protests in Brazil. Operation Car Wash. Brazilian Supreme Court Justice Gilmar Mendes rules Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva should be stripped of a ministerial role in President Dilma Rousseff's Cabinet so he can be investigated in connection with the state oil company Petrobras's alleged kickback scheme. Earlier today, injunctions suspending Lula's appointment as chief of staff were overturned at Attorney General Jose Eduardo Cardozo's request for a Supreme Court ruling on the motions. ](/news/2016/03/18/2015-16-protests-in-brazil-operation-car-wash-brazilian-supreme-court-justice-gilmar-mendes-rules-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-should-be-s.md) _Context: Brazil, Supreme Federal Court_
6. [Brazil's ex-president Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva takes Cabinet post as chief of staff to Brazil's current president, Dilma Rousseff, thereby gaining legal shield. Only the Brazilian Supreme Court can try presidential Cabinet members for crimes. ](/news/2016/03/16/brazil-s-ex-president-luiz-ina-cio-lula-da-silva-takes-cabinet-post-as-chief-of-staff-to-brazil-s-current-president-dilma-rousseff-thereby.md) _Context: Brazil, Supreme Federal Court_
7. [The Supreme Federal Court of Brazil strikes down a law allowing the subjects of biographies to quash works they disapprove of. ](/news/2015/06/10/the-supreme-federal-court-of-brazil-strikes-down-a-law-allowing-the-subjects-of-biographies-to-quash-works-they-disapprove-of.md) _Context: Brazil, Supreme Federal Court_
8. [The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court issues a long-time awaited order to arrest for bribery 12 former top officials who had served under ex-president Lula, in one of the nation's biggest corruption cases. ](/news/2013/11/15/the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-issues-a-long-time-awaited-order-to-arrest-for-bribery-12-former-top-officials-who-had-served-under-ex-p.md) _Context: Brazil, Supreme Federal Court_
9. [Extradition of Cesare Battisti:. Italian communist militant Cesare Battisti is freed from jail in Brazil after the Brazilian Constitutional Court rules against extraditing him to face charges in Italy. ](/news/2011/06/9/extradition-of-cesare-battisti-italian-communist-militant-cesare-battisti-is-freed-from-jail-in-brazil-after-the-brazilian-constitutional.md) _Context: Brazil, Supreme Federal Court_
10. [The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court unanimously rules in favour of extending to same-sex couples the same rights of existing civil unions. ](/news/2011/05/5/the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-unanimously-rules-in-favour-of-extending-to-same-sex-couples-the-same-rights-of-existing-civil-unions.md) _Context: Brazil, Supreme Federal Court_
