### [2015-09-17](/news/2015/09/17/index.md)

# Fist-fights erupt between legislators in the National Diet of Japan over a security bill that would allow Japan Self-Defense Forces to fight abroad. Japan had previously sent only a small amount of troops to Iraq. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via ''StraitsTimes](http://www.straitstimes.com/asia/east-asia/japan-lawmakers-scuffle-over-controversial-security-bills)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-34275968)

### Related:

1. [Politics of Japan: The National Diet of Japan passes legislation allowing Emperor Akihito to abdicate. The abdication is to take place within three years. ](/news/2017/06/9/politics-of-japan-the-national-diet-of-japan-passes-legislation-allowing-emperor-akihito-to-abdicate-the-abdication-is-to-take-place-withi.md) _Context: Diet, Japan_
2. [Parliament of Japan: The Japanese Diet passes an anti-terrorism law that has been accused by critics as a threat to freedom. ](/news/2017/06/15/parliament-of-japan-the-japanese-diet-passes-an-anti-terrorism-law-that-has-been-accused-by-critics-as-a-threat-to-freedom.md) _Context: Diet, Japan_
3. [Two explosions in a park in the Japanese city of Utsunomiya, Tochigi Prefecture, kill at least one person and injure three others. Local media report that a 72-year-old ex-military officer is responsible for the blasts. A fire the same day destroyed the suspect's house. ](/news/2016/10/23/two-explosions-in-a-park-in-the-japanese-city-of-utsunomiya-tochigi-prefecture-kill-at-least-one-person-and-injure-three-others-local-med.md) _Context: Japan, military_
4. [Japan-North Korea relations: North Korea and weapons of mass destruction: Japan orders its military to shoot down any North Korean missiles that threaten to strike Japan at anytime, and is placing its forces on a state of alert for at least three months, according to a Ministry of Defense official. ](/news/2016/08/8/japan-north-korea-relations-north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-japan-orders-its-military-to-shoot-down-any-north-korean-missile.md) _Context: Japan, military_
5. [Japan-North Korea relations: Japan places its military on high alert to be ready to shoot down any missile heading for its territory amid reports of a possible North Korean launch of an intermediate-range missile from its east coast. ](/news/2016/06/21/japan-north-korea-relations-japan-places-its-military-on-high-alert-to-be-ready-to-shoot-down-any-missile-heading-for-its-territory-amid.md) _Context: Japan, military_
6. [Senkaku Islands dispute: China-Japan relations: As part of its wider military build up along the Japanese archipelagos in the East China Sea, Japan activates a new radar station on the island of Yonaguni that is close to the disputed Senkaku Islands. ](/news/2016/03/28/senkaku-islands-dispute-china-japan-relations-as-part-of-its-wider-military-build-up-along-the-japanese-archipelagos-in-the-east-china-s.md) _Context: Japan, military_
7. [Japan-United States relations: Thousands protest outside the Japanese parliament in Tokyo against the relocation of a U.S. military base on Okinawa Island. Residents cite noise, pollution, and crime as reasons for not wanting a new base built. ](/news/2016/02/21/japan-united-states-relations-thousands-protest-outside-the-japanese-parliament-in-tokyo-against-the-relocation-of-a-u-s-military-base-o.md) _Context: Diet, Japan_
8. [Japan-North Korea relations: Japan places its military on alert over a possible North Korean ballistic-missile launch after detecting "increased activity" at a North Korean missile site. Japan's Minister of Defense, Gen Nakatani, has ordered Kongo-class destroyers stationed in the Sea of Japan, equipped with Aegis combat systems, to target any North Korean projectiles heading for Japan. ](/news/2016/01/29/japan-north-korea-relations-japan-places-its-military-on-alert-over-a-possible-north-korean-ballistic-missile-launch-after-detecting-inc.md) _Context: Japan, military_
9. [Japan-South Korea relations: Japan and South Korea agree to 'irreversibly' resolve a long-running dispute over Korean women the Japanese military used as sex slaves during World War II. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will issue a formal apology to the so-called "comfort women." Tokyo will set up an aid fund of about 1 billion yen ($8.3 million). ](/news/2015/12/28/japan-south-korea-relations-japan-and-south-korea-agree-to-irreversibly-resolve-a-long-running-dispute-over-korean-women-the-japanese-m.md) _Context: Japan, military_
10. [Japanese Self-Defense Forces: Japan's upper chamber of Parliament approves controversial legislation, which the lower chamber passed in July, that expands the role of the Japanese Self-Defense Forces overseas. ](/news/2015/09/19/japanese-self-defense-forces-japan-s-upper-chamber-of-parliament-approves-controversial-legislation-which-the-lower-chamber-passed-in-july.md) _Context: Diet, Japan_
