### [2015-09-17](/news/2015/09/17/index.md)

# Houthi militants parade captured Saudi soldiers on pro-Houthi Al Masirah TV. 

Shiite Huthi rebels in Yemen claim to have captured several troops from Saudi Arabia, which is leading a coalition against the insurgents, parading one of the soldiers on television. The Iran-backed rebels&#x27; Al-Masirah television late on Wednesday showed footage of a man dressed in military fatigues


### Source:

1. [AFP via Yahoo](http://news.yahoo.com/yemen-rebels-claim-capture-saudi-troops-show-one-095354516.html)
2. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/2015/09/17/uk-yemen-security-idUKKCN0RH1BR20150917)

### Related:

1. [A Saudi-led coalition spokesman announces they have exchanged prisoners with their Houthi opponents and "welcome a pause in the combat on the border." Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir said the lull was important to deliver aid and medical supplies to people in northern regions of Yemen. Yesterday, a Houthi delegation was in Saudi Arabia for talks to end the war. Al-Jubeir and his Yemeni counterpart noted formal negotiations to end the fighting can only take place under the auspices of the United Nations. ](/news/2016/03/9/a-saudi-led-coalition-spokesman-announces-they-have-exchanged-prisoners-with-their-houthi-opponents-and-welcome-a-pause-in-the-combat-on-th.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen_
2. [Two senior army commanders from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates are killed, including the head of the Saudi Special forces in Yemen, Colonel Abdullah al-Sahyan, along with dozens of Saudi, Emirati, Sudanese and Yemeni coalition troops in a OTR-21 Tochka missile attack by Houthi forces on their base near the city of Taiz in southwestern Yemen. ](/news/2015/12/14/two-senior-army-commanders-from-saudi-arabia-and-the-united-arab-emirates-are-killed-including-the-head-of-the-saudi-special-forces-in-yeme.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen_
3. [Yemeni security officials, who are neutral in the conflict, say Saudi-led airstrikes and clashes have killed over 40 Houthi militants and 4 civilians over the past 24 hours, with most of the airstrikes taking place in the southwestern Ibb Governorate. ](/news/2015/11/16/yemeni-security-officials-who-are-neutral-in-the-conflict-say-saudi-led-airstrikes-and-clashes-have-killed-over-40-houthi-militants-and-4.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen_
4. [Saudi-led airstrikes kill at least 30 people and wound 25 others in the southwestern Yemeni town of Sanabani at a wedding hosted by a tribal leader known to support the Houthis. ](/news/2015/10/7/saudi-led-airstrikes-kill-at-least-30-people-and-wound-25-others-in-the-southwestern-yemeni-town-of-sanabani-at-a-wedding-hosted-by-a-tribal.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen_
5. [At least 40 people, including several fishermen, are reportedly killed following Saudi-led coalition airstrikes on two islands off Yemen's Red Sea coast. Local fisherman reported coalition aircraft and warships struck the Aqban and Kadman islands targeting Houthi forces but also destroyed several boats killing local fishermen. ](/news/2015/10/24/at-least-40-people-including-several-fishermen-are-reportedly-killed-following-saudi-led-coalition-airstrikes-on-two-islands-off-yemen-s-r.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen_
6. [A Saudi-led coalition airstrike targeting Houthis in the southern Taiz Governorate mistakenly hits a Hadi-loyalist position, killing at least 20 fighters. ](/news/2015/10/17/a-saudi-led-coalition-airstrike-targeting-houthis-in-the-southern-taiz-governorate-mistakenly-hits-a-hadi-loyalist-position-killing-at-leas.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen_
7. [An Iranian fishing boat loaded with weapons, including rockets and anti-tank shells, is intercepted and seized in the Arabian Sea, 150 miles southeast of the Omani Port of Salalah, by Arab coalition forces. Saudi Arabia has previously accused Iran of supplying weapons to Houthi militants in Yemen. ](/news/2015/09/30/an-iranian-fishing-boat-loaded-with-weapons-including-rockets-and-anti-tank-shells-is-intercepted-and-seized-in-the-arabian-sea-150-miles.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen_
8. [Houthi militants backed by Yemeni troops reportedly seize control of al-Rabu'ah, a town in Saudi Arabia's southwestern Asir region near the Yemeni border, forcing Saudi forces to pull out of the area. ](/news/2015/09/15/houthi-militants-backed-by-yemeni-troops-reportedly-seize-control-of-al-rabuaah-a-town-in-saudi-arabia-s-southwestern-asir-region-near-th.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen_
9. [Five Saudi troops are killed following clashes with Houthi militants in the southern Najran region near the border with Yemen. ](/news/2015/09/14/five-saudi-troops-are-killed-following-clashes-with-houthi-militants-in-the-southern-najran-region-near-the-border-with-yemen.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen_
10. [Houthi shelling kills four Saudi Arabian soldiers and wounds eight others in the Saudi town of Aseer near the volatile Yemeni border. ](/news/2015/07/31/houthi-shelling-kills-four-saudi-arabian-soldiers-and-wounds-eight-others-in-the-saudi-town-of-aseer-near-the-volatile-yemeni-border.md) _Context: Houthi, Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen_
