### [2015-09-17](/news/2015/09/17/index.md)

# The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims that the government has used barrel bombs resulting in the deaths of 21 people in the rebel held town of Bosra in the Daraa Governorate. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via France 24](http://www.france24.com/en/20150917-barrel-bombs-kill-21-civilians-near-syrias-daraa-monitor?ns_campaign=reseaux_sociaux&ns_source=twitter&ns_mchannel=social&ns_linkname=editorial&aef_campaign_ref=partage_aef&aef_campaign_date=2015-09-17&dlvrit=66745)

### Related:

1. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims that over 60,000 people have died in Syrian government jails during the five year civil war. ](/news/2016/05/22/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-claims-that-over-60-000-people-have-died-in-syrian-government-jails-during-the-five-year-civil-war.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Government, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
2. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights estimates that barrel bombs dropped by the Bashar al-Assad regime have killed at least 45 people in the Aleppo Governorate and injured dozens more. ](/news/2015/05/30/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-estimates-that-barrel-bombs-dropped-by-the-bashar-al-assad-regime-have-killed-at-least-45-people-in.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, barrel bomb_
3. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights estimates that Syrian government air strikes on areas controlled by Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant kills 32 people. The air strikes hit a hospital in Dayr Hafir killing at least 21 people. ](/news/2015/04/22/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-estimates-that-syrian-government-air-strikes-on-areas-controlled-by-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-le.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Government, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
4. [Syrian Civil War:The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims that barrel bomb airstrikes by the Syrian government on the city of Aleppo kill at least 76 people. ](/news/2013/12/16/syrian-civil-war-pthe-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-claims-that-barrel-bomb-airstrikes-by-the-syrian-government-on-the-city-of-aleppo.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, barrel bomb_
5. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
6. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports a large explosion near Damascus International Airport followed by a fire. The Syrian government says Israel struck the military site with several missiles. Israeli Intelligence Minister Yisrael Katz states that the strike "corresponds completely with Israel's policy". ](/news/2017/04/27/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-a-large-explosion-near-damascus-international-airport-followed-by-a-fire-the-syrian-governm.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
7. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, multiple suspected U.S.-led coalition air raids kill at least 23 civilians in the village of al-Matab in northern Syria. ](/news/2017/03/9/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-multiple-suspected-u-s-led-coalition-air-raids-kill-at-least-23-civilians-in-the-vill.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
8. [At least 16 people are killed by multiple airstrikes on a prison in Idlib, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/03/25/at-least-16-people-are-killed-by-multiple-airstrikes-on-a-prison-in-idlib-according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
9. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, the total number of people killed and missing in Syria's war is now 465,000. ](/news/2017/03/13/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-the-total-number-of-people-killed-and-missing-in-syria-s-war-is-now-465-000.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
10. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports that militants attacked two Syrian Armed Forces bases in Homs, killing at least 42 people, including a senior intelligence officer. ](/news/2017/02/25/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-that-militants-attacked-two-syrian-armed-forces-bases-in-homs-killing-at-least-42-people-i.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
