### [2010-11-4](/news/2010/11/4/index.md)

# A United States jury rules that Citigroup did not mislead Terra Firma Capital Partners in its bid for music group EMI. 

A US jury rules that investment bank Citigroup did not trick private equity firm Terra Firma in its takeover of music group EMI.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-11699413)

### Related:

1. [For $8.5 billion, ten banks settle to stop mortgage foreclosure process audits. The United States government regulators had been engaged in a loan-by-loan review of home loan practices during the Great Recession. Bank of America, Citigroup Inc, JPMorgan Chase & Co, Wells Fargo & Co, MetLife Bank, Aurora Bank FSB, PNC Financial Services Group Inc, Sovereign Bank NA, SunTrust Banks Inc, and U.S. Bancorp settle with regulators to pay out cash up to $125,000 to homeowners whose homes were being foreclosed when the paperwork problems emerged. Further, Bank of America agrees to pay $11.6 billion to government mortgage finance company Fannie Mae. ](/news/2013/01/7/for-8-5-billion-ten-banks-settle-to-stop-mortgage-foreclosure-process-audits-the-united-states-government-regulators-had-been-engaged-in.md) _Context: Citigroup, United States_
2. [Most of the largest financial institutions in the United States pass a Federal Reserve System stress test although Citigroup, MetLife, Ally Financial and SunTrust do not. ](/news/2012/03/13/most-of-the-largest-financial-institutions-in-the-united-states-pass-a-federal-reserve-system-stress-test-although-citigroup-metlife-ally.md) _Context: Citigroup, United States_
3. [A federal jury convicts former Governor of Illinois Rod Blagojevich on one count of lying to the United States Federal Bureau of Investigation. The jury is deadlocked on the other 23 charges. ](/news/2010/08/17/a-federal-jury-convicts-former-governor-of-illinois-rod-blagojevich-on-one-count-of-lying-to-the-united-states-federal-bureau-of-investigati.md) _Context: United States, jury_
4. [EMI places its Abbey Road Studios in St John's Wood, London, up for sale in an attempt to ease the debt burden created by Terra Firma Capital Partners' leveraged buyout of the company. ](/news/2010/02/16/emi-places-its-abbey-road-studios-in-st-john-s-wood-london-up-for-sale-in-an-attempt-to-ease-the-debt-burden-created-by-terra-firma-capita.md) _Context: EMI, Terra Firma Capital Partners_
5. [ Citigroup receives US$32 billion from the United States Emergency Economic Stabilization Act. ](/news/2008/11/24/citigroup-receives-us-32-billion-from-the-united-states-emergency-economic-stabilization-act.md) _Context: Citigroup, United States_
6. [ The New York State Attorney General Andrew Cuomo reaches a $7 billion settlement with Citigroup to buy back auction rate securities from about 40,000 clients throughout the United States. ](/news/2008/08/7/the-new-york-state-attorney-general-andrew-cuomo-reaches-a-7-billion-settlement-with-citigroup-to-buy-back-auction-rate-securities-from-ab.md) _Context: Citigroup, United States_
7. [Business leaders from various U.S. companies, including Facebook, Marriott International, JPMorgan Chase, and Microsoft, lobby to members of Congress to work on a permanent solution for DREAMers to stay legally in the country, many of whom are their employees. ](/news/2017/09/6/business-leaders-from-various-u-s-companies-including-facebook-marriott-international-jpmorgan-chase-and-microsoft-lobby-to-members-of.md) _Context: United States_
8. [Hurricane Harvey is projected to possibly become the second costliest hurricane in the United States's history, with estimates ranging from US$72 billion to over $125 billion. In comparison, Hurricane Katrina's total damage is estimated to be around $118 to $160 billion. ](/news/2017/09/3/hurricane-harvey-is-projected-to-possibly-become-the-second-costliest-hurricane-in-the-united-states-s-history-with-estimates-ranging-from.md) _Context: United States_
9. [The United States stops giving out visas to high ranking officials of Cambodia, Eritrea, Guinea and Sierra Leone for failing to accept deportations. ](/news/2017/09/13/the-united-states-stops-giving-out-visas-to-high-ranking-officials-of-cambodia-eritrea-guinea-and-sierra-leone-for-failing-to-accept-depor.md) _Context: United States_
10. [In an official dinner hosted by the United States President, Donald Trump and leaders of the Democratic party Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi agree to fix DACA but disagree with the details, with Trump denying on Twitter the following day that a deal had been made which excluded funding for his proposed wall on the Mexico-United States border. ](/news/2017/09/13/in-an-official-dinner-hosted-by-the-united-states-president-donald-trump-and-leaders-of-the-democratic-party-chuck-schumer-and-nancy-pelosi.md) _Context: United States_
