### [2010-11-4](/news/2010/11/4/index.md)

# Two men are charged with terrorism following parcel bomb attacks in Greece, as a 14<sup>th</sup> bomb addressed to the French embassy in Athens is detonated by police. 

Police in Athens destroy a letter bomb sent to the French embassy, the 14th suspect device found in Greece this week.


### Source:

1. [AFP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/afp/article/ALeqM5gbjsLiiD5uTPICdvAxa4AeQiQpeg?docId=CNG.e8b48c4874bff22ac42fef23e4e46678.7a1)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-11692949)

### Related:

1. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: Greece, terrorism_
2. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: French, Greece_
3. [A new study shows Greece's six-year austerity program is even affecting prostitution. Gregory Laxos, a sociology professor at the Panteion University in Athens, told the ''Times of London'' the going rate for sex with a prostitute was 50 euros ($53) when the economic crisis began. Now, it's fallen to as low as two euros ($2.12) for a 30-minute session, or to a cheese pie, a sandwich because they are hungry. ](/news/2015/11/27/a-new-study-shows-greece-s-six-year-austerity-program-is-even-affecting-prostitution-gregory-laxos-a-sociology-professor-at-the-panteion-u.md) _Context: Athens, Greece_
4. [A bomb blast at the Hellenic Business Federation offices in central Athens, Greece, damages the Cypriot Embassy across the street.  While there is yet no claim for responsibility the authorities suspect a domestic guerrilla group set off the blast. ](/news/2015/11/24/a-bomb-blast-at-the-hellenic-business-federation-offices-in-central-athens-greece-damages-the-cypriot-embassy-across-the-street-while-th.md) _Context: Athens, Greece_
5. [Greek anti-terror police arrest four people in Athens, Greece in alleged relation to the January 15 failed terrorist plot to kill police officers in Belgium. ](/news/2015/01/17/greek-anti-terror-police-arrest-four-people-in-athens-greece-in-alleged-relation-to-the-january-15-failed-terrorist-plot-to-kill-police-off.md) _Context: Athens, Greece_
6. [Shots are fired at the German ambassador's residence in Athens, Greece; no casualties are reported. ](/news/2013/12/30/shots-are-fired-at-the-german-ambassador-s-residence-in-athens-greece-no-casualties-are-reported.md) _Context: Athens, Greece_
7. [Terrorism in Greece:A bomb explodes outside the residence of a Greek shipowner near Acropolis in central Athens; no one is injured. ](/news/2013/03/27/terrorism-in-greece-pa-bomb-explodes-outside-the-residence-of-a-greek-shipowner-near-acropolis-in-central-athens-no-one-is-injured.md) _Context: Athens, Greece_
8. [Several hours of heavy rain and thunderstorms in the Greek capital Athens flood roads, houses, and causes disruption to train and tram networks. ](/news/2013/02/22/several-hours-of-heavy-rain-and-thunderstorms-in-the-greek-capital-athens-flood-roads-houses-and-causes-disruption-to-train-and-tram-netwo.md) _Context: Athens, Greece_
9. [An estimated 25,000 protest in Athens as German Chancellor Angela Merkel visits Greece. ](/news/2012/10/9/an-estimated-25-000-protest-in-athens-as-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-visits-greece.md) _Context: Athens, Greece_
10. [A man is killed and at least 74 people are injured in major riots in the Greek capital Athens on the second day of a nationwide general strike, as Greeks protest in their thousands against new austerity measures intended to alleviate the country's ongoing debt crisis. ](/news/2011/10/20/a-man-is-killed-and-at-least-74-people-are-injured-in-major-riots-in-the-greek-capital-athens-on-the-second-day-of-a-nationwide-general-stri.md) _Context: Athens, Greece_
