### [2016-10-15](/news/2016/10/15/index.md)

# Syrian child refugees previously settled in the Calais jungle legally immigrate into England. 

Aid agencies work with UK and France as operation steps up due to imminent demolition of Calais refugee camp


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/oct/15/syrian-refugee-children-britain-france-calais-jungle)

### Related:

1. [Police in northern Greece move more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-border-to-a-shelter-near-th.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Syria_
2. [German Chancellor Angela Merkel, European Council President Donald Tusk, and European Commission Vice-President Frans Timmermans meet with Syrian refugees at a camp in the southeastern Turkish town of Nizip prior to talks with a delegation led by Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. Davutoglu stresses the importance of implementation of European Union visa liberalization for Turkish citizens in assuring the success of Europe's migrant readmission agreement with his country. Tusk announces that the EU will spend 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) this summer on projects to improve the lives of Syrian migrants. ](/news/2016/04/23/german-chancellor-angela-merkel-european-council-president-donald-tusk-and-european-commission-vice-president-frans-timmermans-meet-with-s.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Syria_
3. [French authorities give up to 1000 migrants, mostly Syrians and Iraqis, until 8pm local time on 23 February to leave the Calais jungle camp. Those who refuse to leave will be forcibly removed by police. ](/news/2016/02/20/french-authorities-give-up-to-1000-migrants-mostly-syrians-and-iraqis-until-8pm-local-time-on-23-february-to-leave-the-calais-jungle-camp.md) _Context: Calais Jungle, Syria_
4. [Around 200 migrants storm the French port of Calais, near the Channel Tunnel to Britain, after a demonstration in support of migrants living in the nearby Calais jungle camp, with approximately 50 of them boarding the P&O Ferries operated "MS "Spirit of Britain" cross-border ferry. The port was closed following the incident. ](/news/2016/01/23/around-200-migrants-storm-the-french-port-of-calais-near-the-channel-tunnel-to-britain-after-a-demonstration-in-support-of-migrants-living.md) _Context: Calais Jungle, European migrant crisis_
5. [The United States government implements new restrictions to its visa waiver program which now requires, with limited exceptions, European, Japanese and Australian travelers to the United States who either have been visitors in the last five years to or are dual-citizens of Iran, Iraq, Syria and Sudan to obtain a travel visa. The new visa policies were mandated by legislation which was passed, in the aftermath of November 2015 Paris attacks, by Congress on the grounds of national security. ](/news/2016/01/22/the-united-states-government-implements-new-restrictions-to-its-visa-waiver-program-which-now-requires-with-limited-exceptions-european-j.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Syria_
6. [Thousands of protesters in Leipzig demonstrate against a record refugee influx they blame for mass sexual violence at New Year's Eve events in Cologne and other German cities. Many chanted 'We are the people', 'Resistance!' and 'Deport them!'. The rally was organized by a local chapter of PEGIDA (Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the Occident). Six Pakistani men and one Syrian man were also attacked by so-called vigilantes in Cologne, following calls on social media for "revenge" in the wake of the New Year's Eve assaults. ](/news/2016/01/11/thousands-of-protesters-in-leipzig-demonstrate-against-a-record-refugee-influx-they-blame-for-mass-sexual-violence-at-new-year-s-eve-events.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Syria_
7. [The U.S. Health and Human Services Department's Office of Refugee Resettlement notifies all 50 states that if they deny services to any group of refugees, states may risk losing resettlement funding altogether. More than half of the nation's governors have said they will not accept Syrian refugees in their states. ](/news/2015/12/1/the-u-s-health-and-human-services-departmentas-office-of-refugee-resettlement-notifies-all-50-states-that-if-they-deny-services-to-any-gr.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Syria_
8. [Spain's interior minister Jorge Fernandez Diaz says the first of more than 1,400 refugees from Syria and Eritrea are being welcomed for resettlement in new homes across the country. ](/news/2015/11/8/spain-s-interior-minister-jorge-ferna-ndez-daaz-says-the-first-of-more-than-1-400-refugees-from-syria-and-eritrea-are-being-welcomed-for-re.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Syria_
9. ["Reuters" reports the Obama Administration will be opening new screening centers for Syrian refugees in Iraq and Lebanon to speed up the process for getting vetted individuals to the United States. ](/news/2015/11/6/reuters-reports-the-obama-administration-will-be-opening-new-screening-centers-for-syrian-refugees-in-iraq-and-lebanon-to-speed-up-the-pro.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Syria_
10. [Macedonia, Serbia, Croatia, and Slovenia shut their borders to so-called economic migrants, those not coming from war-torn countries such as Syria, Afghanistan, or Iraq, leaving thousands stranded at Balkan border crossings. Around 500 migrants from Iran, Morocco, and Algeria gather on the border between Greece and Macedonia to protest the closure. ](/news/2015/11/20/macedonia-serbia-croatia-and-slovenia-shut-their-borders-to-so-called-economic-migrants-those-not-coming-from-war-torn-countries-such-as.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Syria_
