### [2016-12-15](/news/2016/12/15/index.md)

# Romania's centre-left Social Democratic Party won 45% of the seats in both houses of parliament in Sunday's election, and with the expected participation of the liberal centre-right Alliance of Liberals and Democrats Party in the coalition government, will hold an outright majority of 250 seats in the 465-seat assembly. 

Six political parties will be represented in Romania’s Parliament after the December 11 parliamentary elections.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://in.reuters.com/article/romania-election-parliament-idINR5N18K008)
2. [Romania-Insider.com](http://www.romania-insider.com/social-democrats-get-221-465-seats-romanias-new-parliament/)

### Related:

1. [Romanian President Klaus Iohannis designates social-democrat Sorin Grindeanu as the country's new prime minister, after the victory of the centre-left PSD earlier this month. ](/news/2016/12/30/romanian-president-klaus-iohannis-designates-social-democrat-sorin-grindeanu-as-the-country-s-new-prime-minister-after-the-victory-of-the-c.md) _Context: PSD, Romania, centre-left, earlier this month_
2. [ Romania's Social Democratic Party wins the most votes in both houses of Parliament in the legislative election. ](/news/2008/11/30/romania-s-social-democratic-party-wins-the-most-votes-in-both-houses-of-parliament-in-the-legislative-election.md) _Context: PSD, Parliament of Romania, Romania_
3. [After a short term political crisis, started when the governing PSD retracted its support, the Parliament of Romania passes a no confidence motion against the government led by former PSD Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu. ](/news/2017/06/21/after-a-short-term-political-crisis-started-when-the-governing-psd-retracted-its-support-the-parliament-of-romania-passes-a-no-confidence.md) _Context: PSD, Parliament of Romania_
4. [Being forced into opposition a year earlier, by the resignation of Prime Minister Victor Ponta amid the Colectiv nightclub fire tragedy, the Social Democratic Party returns to government following a landslide victory in last Sunday's parliamentary elections. ](/news/2016/12/12/being-forced-into-opposition-a-year-earlier-by-the-resignation-of-prime-minister-victor-ponta-amid-the-colectiv-nightclub-fire-tragedy-the.md) _Context: PSD, earlier this month_
5. [Romanians head to the polls in the country's parliamentary elections. Exit polls show the Social Democratic Party winning by a wide margin. ](/news/2016/12/11/romanians-head-to-the-polls-in-the-country-s-parliamentary-elections-exit-polls-show-the-social-democratic-party-winning-by-a-wide-margin.md) _Context: PSD, earlier this month_
6. [Voters in France begin voting in the first round of regional elections just three weeks after the deadly Islamic State militant attacks in Paris. Exit polls show strong gains for the far-right National Front which is leading in six regions and reshape the political landscape after decades of domination by the centre-left and the centre-right coalitions. Midday voter participation is 16.27 percent, marginally higher than five years ago. There are 44.6 million eligible voters. ](/news/2015/12/6/voters-in-france-begin-voting-in-the-first-round-of-regional-elections-just-three-weeks-after-the-deadly-islamic-state-militant-attacks-in-p.md) _Context: centre-left, centre-right_
7. [Both houses of the Romanian parliament widely adopt a joint statement urging Romania's president Traian Basescu to resign, following corruption scandals involving his arrested brother's graft case and one of his sons-in-law's implication in a criminal investigation. ](/news/2014/06/25/both-houses-of-the-romanian-parliament-widely-adopt-a-joint-statement-urging-romania-s-president-traian-basescu-to-resign-following-corrup.md) _Context: Parliament of Romania, Romania_
8. [After seven months in office and a decisive victory in the elections, Romanian Prime Minister Victor Ponta and his cabinet receive the vote of confidence from Parliament with 402 votes in favor and 120 against. ](/news/2012/12/21/after-seven-months-in-office-and-a-decisive-victory-in-the-elections-romanian-prime-minister-victor-ponta-and-his-cabinet-receive-the-vote.md) _Context: Parliament of Romania, Romania_
9. [ The Romanian coalition government collapses with the withdrawal of the Social Democratic Party, in protest at the sacking of one of its members. ](/news/2009/10/1/the-romanian-coalition-government-collapses-with-the-withdrawal-of-the-social-democratic-party-in-protest-at-the-sacking-of-one-of-its-mem.md) _Context: PSD, Romania_
10. [ Romanian legislative election, 2008: Emil Boc is sworn in as the new Prime Minister and will lead a coalition government of the Democrat Liberals and Social Democrats. ](/news/2008/12/22/romanian-legislative-election-2008-emil-boc-is-sworn-in-as-the-new-prime-minister-and-will-lead-a-coalition-government-of-the-democrat-li.md) _Context: PSD, Romania_
