### [2011-07-25](/news/2011/07/25/index.md)

# 2011 US debt ceiling crisis: The President of the United States Barack Obama cancels fundraising dinners due to the ongoing debt crisis. 

President Obama and House Speaker John A. Boehner escalated their battle over the national debt on Monday, pressing their arguments in a pair of prime-time television addresses as Congress remained at a loss over how to keep the United States from defaulting next week for the first time.


### Source:

1. [AFP via ''Sydney Morning Herald](http://news.smh.com.au/breaking-news-world/obama-to-warn-of-incalculable-damage-20110726-1hxj7.html)
2. [CNN](http://politicalticker.blogs.cnn.com/2011/07/24/obama-cancels-fundraisers-amidst-debt-situation/)
3. [Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/business/economy/house-senate-leaders-unveil-dueling-debt-limit-plans/2011/07/25/gIQApnm1YI_story.html?hpid=z1)

### Related:

1. [The United States Senate passes legislation to raise the debt ceiling in order to avert the 2011 US debt ceiling crisis and President Barack Obama signs it into law. ](/news/2011/08/2/the-united-states-senate-passes-legislation-to-raise-the-debt-ceiling-in-order-to-avert-the-2011-us-debt-ceiling-crisis-and-president-barack.md) _Context: 2011 US debt ceiling crisis, Barack Obama, President_
2. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President_
3. [Barack Obama presidential pardons: The President of the United States Barack Obama commutes the bulk of the sentence for Chelsea Manning for leaking documents to WikiLeaks. Manning will now be released in 2017 instead of 2045. ](/news/2017/01/17/barack-obama-presidential-pardons-the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-commutes-the-bulk-of-the-sentence-for-chelsea-manning-for.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President_
4. [Sudan-United States relations: President of the United States Barack Obama signs an order to ease sanctions against Sudan, citing the country's efforts to "reduce internal conflict, improve humanitarian access to people requiring aid and curtail terrorism". ](/news/2017/01/13/sudan-united-states-relations-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-signs-an-order-to-ease-sanctions-against-sudan-citing-the-coun.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President_
5. [The President of the United States Barack Obama awards his Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom with Distinction, the only time the president has awarded this particular honor during his tenure. ](/news/2017/01/12/the-president-of-the-united-states-barack-obama-awards-his-vice-president-joe-biden-the-presidential-medal-of-freedom-with-distinction-the.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President_
6. [United States President Barack Obama blocks China's Fujian Grand Chip Investment Fund's acquisition of the U.S. semiconductor business of German-based Aixtron because of national security concerns. The German Economy Ministry withdrew its approval in October. ](/news/2016/12/2/united-states-president-barack-obama-blocks-china-s-fujian-grand-chip-investment-fund-s-acquisition-of-the-u-s-semiconductor-business-of-ge.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President_
7. [Presidential transition of Donald Trump: President-elect of the United States Donald Trump meets with President Barack Obama for the first time at the White House. ](/news/2016/11/10/presidential-transition-of-donald-trump-president-elect-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-meets-with-president-barack-obama-for-the-first-t.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President_
8. [Philippines-United States relations: Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte tells U.S. President Barack Obama to "go to hell" after the United States refuses to sell some weapons to his country, while also acknowledging the cooperation of Russia and China. ](/news/2016/10/4/philippines-united-states-relations-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-tells-u-s-president-barack-obama-to-go-to-hell-after-the-unit.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President_
9. [Cuba-United States relations: President Barack Obama issues an executive order on Cuba lifting monetary limits on the amount of Cuban products, including cigars and rum, which Americans can bring back for personal use, allowing Cubans and Americans to engage in joint medical research, and allowing Cubans to buy certain U.S. consumer goods online. ](/news/2016/10/14/cuba-united-states-relations-president-barack-obama-issues-an-executive-order-on-cuba-lifting-monetary-limits-on-the-amount-of-cuban-prod.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President_
10. [2016 G20 Hangzhou summit: U.S. President Barack Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin fail to agree on a peace deal regarding the Syrian civil war. ](/news/2016/09/5/2016-g20-hangzhou-summit-u-s-president-barack-obama-and-russian-president-vladimir-putin-fail-to-agree-on-a-peace-deal-regarding-the-syria.md) _Context: Barack Obama, President_
