### [2011-07-25](/news/2011/07/25/index.md)

# 2011 Horn of Africa famine: The World Bank promises $500 million in aid to drought victims in East Africa as a United Nations agency hosts an emergency meeting aimed at fighting famine. 

Efforts to save starving Somalis and others suffering from drought in East Africa were intensified Monday, with United Nations agencies pitching for more funding for relief efforts.


### Source:

1. [CBC News](http://www.cbc.ca/news/world/story/2011/07/25/united-nations-drought.html)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations warns that Uganda could be the next country to be affected by the famine in the Horn of Africa. ](/news/2011/08/2/the-united-nations-warns-that-uganda-could-be-the-next-country-to-be-affected-by-the-famine-in-the-horn-of-africa.md) _Context: United Nations, famine_
2. [The United Nations World Food Programme prepares an airlift to Mogadishu in Somalia to help relieve the 2011 Horn of Africa famine. ](/news/2011/07/27/the-united-nations-world-food-programme-prepares-an-airlift-to-mogadishu-in-somalia-to-help-relieve-the-2011-horn-of-africa-famine.md) _Context: United Nations, famine_
3. [2011 Horn of Africa famine: The United Nations declares a famine in southern Somalia. ](/news/2011/07/20/2011-horn-of-africa-famine-the-united-nations-declares-a-famine-in-southern-somalia.md) _Context: United Nations, famine_
4. [East African leaders call for 20,000 troops to be deployed across Somalia to support the United Nations-backed Transitional Federal Government and for the United Nations to replace the African Union Mission to Somalia. ](/news/2010/07/6/east-african-leaders-call-for-20-000-troops-to-be-deployed-across-somalia-to-support-the-united-nations-backed-transitional-federal-governme.md) _Context: East Africa, United Nations_
5. [ The Terrafrica partnership, a US$4 billion, 12-year campaign supported by the African Union, World Bank, United Nations, European Commission, and regional African governments, and aimed at fighting current, and preventing future desertification in Africa, begins. ](/news/2005/10/24/the-terrafrica-partnership-a-us-4-billion-12-year-campaign-supported-by-the-african-union-world-bank-united-nations-european-commissio.md) _Context: United Nations, World Bank_
6. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
7. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
8. [The United Nations confirms that the FARC has completed its disarmament process, with former rebels due to make the transition to civilian life and the group to transform into a legal political party in the country. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-united-nations-confirms-that-the-farc-has-completed-its-disarmament-process-with-former-rebels-due-to-make-the-transition-to-civilian-l.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [The United Nations Human Rights Council conducts a periodic review of the human rights situation in the Philippines. ](/news/2017/05/8/the-united-nations-human-rights-council-conducts-a-periodic-review-of-the-human-rights-situation-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [Philippine vice president Leni Robredo faces an impeachment charge before the House of Representatives for condemning the country's war on drugs at the United Nations. ](/news/2017/05/2/philippine-vice-president-leni-robredo-faces-an-impeachment-charge-before-the-house-of-representatives-for-condemning-the-country-s-war-on-d.md) _Context: United Nations_
