### [2011-07-25](/news/2011/07/25/index.md)

# An Egyptian court decides to try former President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak and Interior Minister Habib al-Adly together on charges relating to the death of protesters in the 2011 Egyptian revolution. 




### Source:

1. [AFP via Maan News](http://www.maannews.net/eng/ViewDetails.aspx?ID=408391)

### Related:

1. [Former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak's retrial on charges of corruption and conspiracy to kill protesters during the 2011 Egyptian revolution is transferred to another court. ](/news/2013/04/13/former-egyptian-president-hosni-mubarak-s-retrial-on-charges-of-corruption-and-conspiracy-to-kill-protesters-during-the-2011-egyptian-revolu.md) _Context: 2011 Egyptian revolution, Egypt's, Egyptian President, Hosni Mubarak_
2. [Egyptian officials scrap a deeply unpopular agreement to supply Israel with natural gas. Former President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak, ousted in last year's revolution, had been accused of selling the gas too cheaply. ](/news/2012/04/22/egyptian-officials-scrap-a-deeply-unpopular-agreement-to-supply-israel-with-natural-gas-former-president-of-egypt-hosni-mubarak-ousted-in.md) _Context: 2011 Egyptian revolution, Egypt's, Egyptian President, Hosni Mubarak_
3. [Former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak appears in court for the second session of his trial with his two sons Alaa and Gamal who share corruption charges with him; the trial is subsequently adjourned and ordered to be merged with that of former Interior Minister Habib al-Adly. ](/news/2011/08/15/former-egyptian-president-hosni-mubarak-appears-in-court-for-the-second-session-of-his-trial-with-his-two-sons-alaa-and-gamal-who-share-corr.md) _Context: Egypt's, Egyptian President, Habib al-Adly, Hosni Mubarak_
4. [2011 Egyptian revolution: Ousted President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak receives the first ruling against him, being fined US$34 million for cutting off communications services during the revolution that overthrew him. ](/news/2011/05/28/2011-egyptian-revolution-ousted-president-of-egypt-hosni-mubarak-receives-the-first-ruling-against-him-being-fined-us-34-million-for-cutti.md) _Context: 2011 Egyptian revolution, Egypt's, Egyptian President, Hosni Mubarak_
5. [Egypt's highest court overturns and initiates a retrial on the only remaining conviction against former President Hosni Mubarak (a May 2014 sentencing of three years in prison for embezzlement). ](/news/2015/01/13/egypt-s-highest-court-overturns-and-initiates-a-retrial-on-the-only-remaining-conviction-against-former-president-hosni-mubarak-a-may-2014.md) _Context: Egypt's, Egyptian President, Hosni Mubarak_
6. [A Cairo court clears former President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak on murder charges related to the death of hundreds of protesters in the 2011 Egyptian revolution. ](/news/2014/11/29/a-cairo-court-clears-former-president-of-egypt-hosni-mubarak-on-murder-charges-related-to-the-death-of-hundreds-of-protesters-in-the-2011-eg.md) _Context: 2011 Egyptian revolution, Egyptian President, Hosni Mubarak_
7. [A retrial of former President of Egypt Hosni Mubarak begins in Cairo for his alleged complicity in the deaths of protesters in the 2011 Egyptian revolution. ](/news/2013/05/11/a-retrial-of-former-president-of-egypt-hosni-mubarak-begins-in-cairo-for-his-alleged-complicity-in-the-deaths-of-protesters-in-the-2011-egyp.md) _Context: 2011 Egyptian revolution, Egyptian President, Hosni Mubarak_
8. [Mohamed Morsi is sworn in as President of Egypt, the first president elected since Hosni Mubarak was ousted in last year's revolution. ](/news/2012/06/30/mohamed-morsi-is-sworn-in-as-president-of-egypt-the-first-president-elected-since-hosni-mubarak-was-ousted-in-last-year-s-revolution.md) _Context: 2011 Egyptian revolution, Egyptian President, Hosni Mubarak_
9. [In Egypt, Hosni Mubarak, ousted from power in last year's revolution, is reported to in a coma and has been taken off life support. ](/news/2012/06/20/in-egypt-hosni-mubarak-ousted-from-power-in-last-year-s-revolution-is-reported-to-in-a-coma-and-has-been-taken-off-life-support.md) _Context: 2011 Egyptian revolution, Egypt's, Hosni Mubarak_
10. [A court in Cairo, Egypt, finds former president Hosni Mubarak and former interior minister Habib al-Adly guilty for complicity in the killings of demonstrators in the 2011 revolution that ousted Mubarak and both are sentenced to life in prison. Mubarak and his two sons, Gamal and Alaa, are all acquitted on separate corruption charges. ](/news/2012/06/2/a-court-in-cairo-egypt-finds-former-president-hosni-mubarak-and-former-interior-minister-habib-al-adly-guilty-for-complicity-in-the-killin.md) _Context: 2011 Egyptian revolution, Habib al-Adly, Hosni Mubarak_
