### [2003-07-26](/news/2003/07/26/index.md)

#  U.S.-led occupation of Iraq: Three US soldiers are killed while guarding a Baquouba children's hospital northeast of Baghdad, Iraq bringing the number of US troops killed in combat to 161, 14 more than the 1991 Gulf War total.




### Related:

1. [ A United States Army soldier kills five comrades at Camp Liberty in Baghdad, Iraq. ](/news/2009/05/11/a-united-states-army-soldier-kills-five-comrades-at-camp-liberty-in-baghdad-iraq.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq, soldier_
2. [ Conflict in Iraq: 36 U.S. soldiers have died in a single day in Iraq. A helicopter crash in western Iraq has claimed the lives of 30 U.S. marines and a sailor. It is the single worst loss of life for US forces since they invaded Iraq in March 2003. Elsewhere insurgents killed 4 US troops in Anbar, and another soldier was killed in Baghdad following an RPG attack. ](/news/2005/01/26/conflict-in-iraq-36-u-s-soldiers-have-died-in-a-single-day-in-iraq-a-helicopter-crash-in-western-iraq-has-claimed-the-lives-of-30-u-s-m.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Baghdad, Iraq_
3. [ A car bomb explodes outside a Shi'a mosque in a Baghdad Sunni district, killing 14 worshippers and wounding 19. Mortars land on a police station in Baghdad, followed by an assault which kills 12 people and results in the freeing of 50 prisoners. A website allegedly tied to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi, claims responsibility for the police station attack. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/4064609.stm (BBC)] [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6992586&section=news (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) The United States Agency for International Development states they aim to boost the availability of electricity throughout Iraq to 18 hours a day by the end of next year from 11 to 15 hours now, estimably higher than before the 2003 U.S. invasion. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=worldNews&storyID=6992294 (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) The Ukrainian parliament, embroiled in the presidential election controversy, votes to ask outgoing president Leonid Kuchma to withdraw Ukraine's 1,600 troops in Iraq. [http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=6987012 (Reuters)] (Link dead as of 04:01, 15 January 2007 (UTC)) German security forces arrest three alleged members of Ansar al-Islam who are suspected of planning the assassination of Iraqi Prime Minister Iyad Allawi while he was on a state visit to Germany. [http://www.cnn.com/2004/WORLD/europe/12/03/german.arrests/index.html (CNN)][http://www.spiegel.de/politik/deutschland/0,1518,330808,00.html ("Der Spiegel"] {{de icon}}](/news/2004/12/3/a-car-bomb-explodes-outside-a-shi-a-mosque-in-a-baghdad-sunni-district-killing-14-worshippers-and-wounding-19-mortars-land-on-a-police-st.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq, Baghdad, Iraq_
4. [Violence erupts at a protest rally in Baghdad, Iraq, killing at least four protesters and one police officer. Thousands of supporters of Shia cleric Muqtada al-Sadr gathered in the capital to demand an overhaul of the country's electoral system. ](/news/2017/02/11/violence-erupts-at-a-protest-rally-in-baghdad-iraq-killing-at-least-four-protesters-and-one-police-officer-thousands-of-supporters-of-shi.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
5. [A series of attacks kill at least 70 people and injure more than 100 others in mostly Shiite neighborhoods of Baghdad, Iraq. ](/news/2017/01/2/a-series-of-attacks-kill-at-least-70-people-and-injure-more-than-100-others-in-mostly-shiite-neighborhoods-of-baghdad-iraq.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
6. [ Iraqi security forces fire tear gas and water cannon on protesters attempting to storm the Green Zone in Baghdad, injuring at least 33. ](/news/2016/05/20/iraqi-security-forces-fire-tear-gas-and-water-cannon-on-protesters-attempting-to-storm-the-green-zone-in-baghdad-injuring-at-least-33.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
7. [ At least three civilians are killed and 10 others wounded in a bomb attack in Baghdad, Iraq. ](/news/2016/05/19/at-least-three-civilians-are-killed-and-10-others-wounded-in-a-bomb-attack-in-baghdad-iraq.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
8. [  At least 69 people are killed and 230 injured in a series of bomb attacks targeting Shiite neighborhoods in Baghdad, Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and Syria claims responsibility for some of the attacks. ](/news/2016/05/17/at-least-69-people-are-killed-and-230-injured-in-a-series-of-bomb-attacks-targeting-shiite-neighborhoods-in-baghdad-iraq-islamic-state-o.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
9. [A twin suicide bombing attack at a police station in Baghdad kills five people. Yesterday 93 people had been killed and 165 injured in the deadliest day of attacks in Iraq this year. ](/news/2016/05/12/a-twin-suicide-bombing-attack-at-a-police-station-in-baghdad-kills-five-people-yesterday-93-people-had-been-killed-and-165-injured-in-the-d.md) _Context: Baghdad, Iraq_
10. [The United States Air Force deploys B-52 bombers to Al Udeid Air Base in Qatar to join operations against ISIL in Syria and Iraq. This is the first time they have been stationed in the Middle East since the end of the Gulf War in 1991. ](/news/2016/04/9/the-united-states-air-force-deploys-b-52-bombers-to-al-udeid-air-base-in-qatar-to-join-operations-against-isil-in-syria-and-iraq-this-is-th.md) _Context: Gulf War, Iraq_
