### [2002-09-14](/news/2002/09/14/index.md)

#  In both San Francisco and Los Angeles, California, hundreds of anti-war protesters marched and spoke out against the U.S. plan to invade Iraq.




### Related:

1. [89th Academy Awards: The 89th Academy Awards are held in Los Angeles, California. ](/news/2017/02/26/89th-academy-awards-the-89th-academy-awards-are-held-in-los-angeles-california.md) _Context: Los Angeles, California_
2. [The board for the US$1 billion Lucas Museum of Narrative Art announces it will construct the museum in Los Angeles, California. ](/news/2017/01/10/the-board-for-the-us-1-billion-lucas-museum-of-narrative-art-announces-it-will-construct-the-museum-in-los-angeles-california.md) _Context: Los Angeles, California_
3. [Ex National Football League player Darren Sharper is sentenced to 20 years in prison for drugging and raping two women in the American city of Los Angeles, California. Sharper has been accused of attacking a dozen women across the United States. ](/news/2016/11/29/ex-national-football-league-player-darren-sharper-is-sentenced-to-20-years-in-prison-for-drugging-and-raping-two-women-in-the-american-city.md) _Context: Los Angeles, California_
4. [67th Primetime Emmy Awards: The Emmy Awards are held in Los Angeles, California with "Game of Thrones" winning the Emmy for best drama series. ](/news/2015/09/20/67th-primetime-emmy-awards-the-emmy-awards-are-held-in-los-angeles-california-with-game-of-thrones-winning-the-emmy-for-best-drama-serie.md) _Context: Los Angeles, California_
5. [A woman, Kathryn Steinle, is shot dead in a random attack at the busy Embarcadero district in San Francisco, California. A Mexican national is arrested in connection with her death. ](/news/2015/07/1/a-woman-kathryn-steinle-is-shot-dead-in-a-random-attack-at-the-busy-embarcadero-district-in-san-francisco-california-a-mexican-national.md) _Context: San Francisco, California_
6. [The Los Angeles City Council votes to increase the minimum wage in the American city of Los Angeles, California, to $15 an hour by 2020. ](/news/2015/05/19/the-los-angeles-city-council-votes-to-increase-the-minimum-wage-in-the-american-city-of-los-angeles-california-to-15-an-hour-by-2020.md) _Context: Los Angeles, California_
7. [57th Annual Grammy Awards: The National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences members present the Grammy Awards at the Staples Center in Los Angeles, California. ](/news/2015/02/8/57th-annual-grammy-awards-the-national-academy-of-recording-arts-and-sciences-members-present-the-grammy-awards-at-the-staples-center-in-lo.md) _Context: Los Angeles, California_
8. [NBC Nightly News anchorman Brian Williams begins a temporary hiatus from broadcasting after he was caught lying about having been on board an underfire helicopter which crashed during the 2003 invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2015/02/7/nbc-nightly-news-anchorman-brian-williams-begins-a-temporary-hiatus-from-broadcasting-after-he-was-caught-lying-about-having-been-on-board-a.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq_
9. ["NBC Nightly News" suspends American newsreader Brian Williams from broadcasting for six months for exaggerating a story about his personal experiences on a helicopter during the 2003 invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2015/02/10/nbc-nightly-news-suspends-american-newsreader-brian-williams-from-broadcasting-for-six-months-for-exaggerating-a-story-about-his-personal.md) _Context: 2003 invasion of Iraq_
10. [American hip hop music mogul Suge Knight drives a vehicle into a crowd in Compton, California near Los Angeles resulting in the death of a pedestrian in what authorities are calling a hit and run. ](/news/2015/01/29/american-hip-hop-music-mogul-suge-knight-drives-a-vehicle-into-a-crowd-in-compton-california-near-los-angeles-resulting-in-the-death-of-a-p.md) _Context: Los Angeles, California_
