### [2017-02-2](/news/2017/02/2/index.md)

# Citing unnamed U.S. officials, ''The Washington Post'' reports that U.S. President Donald Trump berated Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull. Trump claimed it was "the worst call by far" and criticized a refugee settlement deal organised between the Turnbull Government and the Obama administration in late 2016. 

U.S. President Donald Trump dispatched two top advisers to reassure Australia’s ambassador of American support for a decades-old alliance, a day after reports of his criticism of a refugee resettlement deal in a heated phone call.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg Politics](https://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2017-02-03/trump-sends-top-aides-to-placate-australia-after-testy-call)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/no-gday-mate-on-call-with-australian-pm-trump-badgers-and-brags/2017/02/01/88a3bfb0-e8bf-11e6-80c2-30e57e57e05d_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Federal District Judge Gonzalo Curiel unseals documents requested by ''The Washington Post'' that had been filed with the court in connection  with pending civil cases against Trump University, a former business of the Republican Party's presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump. The judge noted that Trump's candidacy has increased interest in these cases, and that Trump's comments "... (have) placed the integrity of these court proceedings at issue." ](/news/2016/05/28/federal-district-judge-gonzalo-curiel-unseals-documents-requested-by-the-washington-post-that-had-been-filed-with-the-court-in-connectio.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Washington Post_
2. [U.S. President Donald Trump says he and Russian President Vladimir Putin "discussed forming an impenetrable cybersecurity unit so that election hacking, and many other negative things, will be guarded and safe." Trump later says he does not think this will happen. ](/news/2017/07/9/u-s-president-donald-trump-says-he-and-russian-president-vladimir-putin-discussed-forming-an-impenetrable-cybersecurity-unit-so-that-elect.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
3. [Leaders from the Group of Twenty come together at the G20 summit in Hamburg, Germany, including United States President Donald Trump who is set to meet with President of Russia Vladimir Putin. ](/news/2017/07/7/leaders-from-the-group-of-twenty-come-together-at-the-g20-summit-in-hamburg-germany-including-united-states-president-donald-trump-who-is.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
4. [A request by the state of Hawaii to issue an order blocking President Donald Trump's Executive Order 13780 is rejected in the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit. ](/news/2017/07/7/a-request-by-the-state-of-hawaii-to-issue-an-order-blocking-president-donald-trump-s-executive-order-13780-is-rejected-in-the-united-states.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
5. [U.S. President Donald Trump visits Warsaw, where he speaks of defeating radical Islamist terrorism, pledges to uphold the North Atlantic Treaty, and urges Russia to "join the community of responsible nations." ](/news/2017/07/6/u-s-president-donald-trump-visits-warsaw-where-he-speaks-of-defeating-radical-islamist-terrorism-pledges-to-uphold-the-north-atlantic-tre.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
6. [CNN is accused of threatening to reveal the personal identity of a Reddit user who made a GIF depicting United States President Donald Trump tackling a man to the ground, with CNN's logo superimposed on the man's face. The GIF was modified and posted on Trump's Twitter feed. ](/news/2017/07/4/cnn-is-accused-of-threatening-to-reveal-the-personal-identity-of-a-reddit-user-who-made-a-gif-depicting-united-states-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
7. [Israel's embassy staff in Jordan, including a security guard involved in a shooting incident in which two Jordanians were killed yesterday, return to Israel from Amman. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu thanked U.S. President Donald Trump and Jordan's King Abdullah for their help and cooperation. ](/news/2017/07/24/israel-s-embassy-staff-in-jordan-including-a-security-guard-involved-in-a-shooting-incident-in-which-two-jordanians-were-killed-yesterday.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
8. [Russian Ambassador to the United States Sergey Kislyak, who was cited in ''Washington Post'' reports yesterday that American intelligence overheard him telling Moscow about his election-related discussions with a Trump campaign official, ends his nine-year assignment and leaves the United States. In May 2017, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Anatoly Antonov was approved as the next ambassador. ](/news/2017/07/22/russian-ambassador-to-the-united-states-sergey-kislyak-who-was-cited-in-washington-post-reports-yesterday-that-american-intelligence-ov.md) _Context: Washington Post_
9. [White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer announces his intention to resign as White House Press Secretary due to Donald Trump's appointment of Anthony Scaramucci as the White House Communications Director, and will formally step down from the role in August 2017. Sarah Huckabee Sanders will take over as the White House Press Secretary in August 2017. ](/news/2017/07/21/white-house-press-secretary-sean-spicer-announces-his-intention-to-resign-as-white-house-press-secretary-due-to-donald-trump-s-appointment-o.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
10. [U.S. President Donald Trump nominates Mark Esper as Secretary of the Army. ](/news/2017/07/19/u-s-president-donald-trump-nominates-mark-esper-as-secretary-of-the-army.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
