
Formats: [HTML](/news/2017/02/2/citing-unnamed-u-s-officials-the-washington-post-reports-that-u-s-president-donald-trump-berated-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turn.html)  [JSON](/news/2017/02/2/citing-unnamed-u-s-officials-the-washington-post-reports-that-u-s-president-donald-trump-berated-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turn.json)  [XML](/news/2017/02/2/citing-unnamed-u-s-officials-the-washington-post-reports-that-u-s-president-donald-trump-berated-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turn.xml)  

### [2017-02-2](/news/2017/02/2/index.md)

# Citing unnamed U.S. officials, "The Washington Post" reports that U.S. President Donald Trump berated Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull. Trump claimed it was "the worst call by far" and criticized a refugee settlement deal organised between the Turnbull Government and the Obama administration in late 2016. 

U.S. President Donald Trump dispatched two top advisers to reassure Australia’s ambassador of American support for a decades-old alliance, a day after reports of his criticism of a refugee resettlement deal in a heated phone call.


### Sources:

1. [Bloomberg Politics](https://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2017-02-03/trump-sends-top-aides-to-placate-australia-after-testy-call)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/no-gday-mate-on-call-with-australian-pm-trump-badgers-and-brags/2017/02/01/88a3bfb0-e8bf-11e6-80c2-30e57e57e05d_story.html)
2. [Cover Image](https://assets.bwbx.io/images/users/iqjWHBFdfxIU/iS8i12JdYia8/v0/1200x800.jpg)

### Changes:

1. [Citing unnamed U.S. officials, ''The Washington Post'' reports that U.S. President Donald Trump berated Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull. Trump claimed it was "the worst call by far" and criticized a refugee settlement deal organised between the Turnbull Government and the Obama administration in late 2016. ](/news/2017/02/2/citing-unnamed-u-s-officials-the-washington-post-reports-that-u-s-president-donald-trump-berated-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-tu.md) _2017-08-25 03:47:20 (First version)_
2. [Australia-United States relations: Citing unnamed U.S. officials, "The Washington Post" reports that U.S. President Donald Trump berated Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull. Trump claimed it was "the worst call by far" and criticized a refugee settlement deal organised between the Turnbull Government and the Obama administration in late 2016. ](/news/2017/02/2/australia-united-states-relations-citing-unnamed-u-s-officials-the-washington-post-reports-that-u-s-president-donald-trump-berated-a.md) _2017-08-27 03:47:44 (Update)_
2. [Citing unnamed U.S. officials, "The Washington Post" reports that U.S. President Donald Trump berated Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull. Trump claimed it was "the worst call by far" and criticized a refugee settlement deal organised between the Turnbull Government and the Obama administration in late 2016. ](/news/2017/02/2/citing-unnamed-u-s-officials-the-washington-post-reports-that-u-s-president-donald-trump-berated-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turn.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Two transcripts of telephone conversations between U.S. President Donald Trump and foreign leaders are leaked. Trump was shown to disagree with Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto on 27 January over the proposed border wall, and with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull the next day over the resettlement deal of refugees in Nauru and Manus. ](/news/2017/08/3/two-transcripts-of-telephone-conversations-between-u-s-president-donald-trump-and-foreign-leaders-are-leaked-trump-was-shown-to-disagree-w.md) _Context: Australia-United States relations, Donald Trump, Malcolm Turnbull_
2. [Federal District Judge Gonzalo Curiel unseals documents requested by "The Washington Post" that had been filed with the court in connection with pending civil cases against Trump University, a former business of the Republican Party's presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump. The judge noted that Trump's candidacy has increased interest in these cases, and that Trump's comments "... (have) placed the integrity of these court proceedings at issue." ](/news/2016/05/28/federal-district-judge-gonzalo-curiel-unseals-documents-requested-by-the-washington-post-that-had-been-filed-with-the-court-in-connection.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Washington Post_
3. [Donald Trump approves California's request for an emergency declaration, allowing the Federal Emergency Management Agency to coordinate disaster relief efforts across five Southern California counties. ](/news/2017/12/8/donald-trump-approves-california-s-request-for-an-emergency-declaration-allowing-the-federal-emergency-management-agency-to-coordinate-disa.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
4. [U.S. President Donald Trump recognizes Jerusalem as the capital of Israel and says the U.S. starts the process of moving its embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem. The United States Department of State issues an internal travel warning to Israel, Jerusalem and the West Bank until December 20. The U.S. embassy in Amman temporarily suspends routine public services and stops embassy travel around Jordan. Embassies in Berlin and London issue vigilance warnings to U.S. citizens. ](/news/2017/12/6/u-s-president-donald-trump-recognizes-jerusalem-as-the-capital-of-israel-and-says-the-u-s-starts-the-process-of-moving-its-embassy-from-te.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
5. [Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan tells Donald Trump that Turkey might cut ties with Israel if the United States unilaterally recognizes Jerusalem as its capital. ](/news/2017/12/5/turkish-president-recep-tayyip-erdoaan-tells-donald-trump-that-turkey-might-cut-ties-with-israel-if-the-united-states-unilaterally-recogniz.md) _Context: Donald Trump_
