### [2017-02-2](/news/2017/02/2/index.md)

# Colombian peace process. The National Liberation Army releases former congressman Odin Sanchez, who had been held hostage by the rebel group since April 2016, paving the way for peace talks to begin between the rebels and the Colombian government next week in Ecuador. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-latin-america-38846925)

### Related:

1. [Colombian peace process. The Congress of Colombia unanimously approves a peace deal between the Government and rebel group FARC to end the Colombian conflict. ](/news/2016/11/30/colombian-peace-process-the-congress-of-colombia-unanimously-approves-a-peace-deal-between-the-government-and-rebel-group-farc-to-end-the-c.md) _Context: Colombian government, Colombian peace process_
2. [Colombian peace process. The United Nations confirms that the FARC has completed its disarmament process, with former rebels due to make the transition to civilian life and the group to transform into a legal political party in the country. ](/news/2017/06/26/colombian-peace-process-the-united-nations-confirms-that-the-farc-has-completed-its-disarmament-process-with-former-rebels-due-to-make-the.md) _Context: Colombian peace process_
3. [Ecuadorian general election, 2017. Voters in Ecuador return to the polls for the second round of a presidential election, which Lenin Moreno of the socialist PAIS Alliance is predicted to narrowly win over the center-right Creating Opportunities's Guillermo Lasso. With 94.18% of the votes counted, Moreno leads with 51.07%. According to the national election commission, it was a transparent and successful election. ](/news/2017/04/2/ecuadorian-general-election-2017-voters-in-ecuador-return-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-a-presidential-election-which-lenan-moren.md) _Context: Ecuador_
4. [Colombian conflict. As part of an ongoing peace process, the Congress of Colombia approves an amnesty law for thousands of demobilizing FARC rebels. The amnesty does not apply to FARC rebels who have committed war crimes or human rights violations. ](/news/2016/12/28/colombian-conflict-as-part-of-an-ongoing-peace-process-the-congress-of-colombia-approves-an-amnesty-law-for-thousands-of-demobilizing-farc.md) _Context: Colombian peace process_
5. [Colombian peace process. The Colombian government and FARC rebels sign a new peace deal after the failure of the original one. ](/news/2016/11/24/colombian-peace-process-the-colombian-government-and-farc-rebels-sign-a-new-peace-deal-after-the-failure-of-the-original-one.md) _Context: Colombian peace process_
6. [Colombia ceasefire. The Government of Colombia and rebel group FARC announce a new peace deal after an earlier agreement was rejected by a referendum six weeks ago. ](/news/2016/11/12/colombia-ceasefire-the-government-of-colombia-and-rebel-group-farc-announce-a-new-peace-deal-after-an-earlier-agreement-was-rejected-by-a-r.md) _Context: Colombian government_
7. [Colombian peace agreement referendum, 2016. Referendum voters in Colombia narrowly fail to ratify a peace deal between the Government of Colombia and FARC. ](/news/2016/10/2/colombian-peace-agreement-referendum-2016-referendum-voters-in-colombia-narrowly-fail-to-ratify-a-peace-deal-between-the-government-of-col.md) _Context: Colombian government_
8. [Colombian peace process. Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos extends his ceasefire with the FARC rebels through the end of the year. ](/news/2016/10/13/colombian-peace-process-colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-extends-his-ceasefire-with-the-farc-rebels-through-the-end-of-the-year.md) _Context: Colombian peace process_
9. [Colombian conflict. Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos and FARC guerrilla leader Rodrigo Londono, also known as Timochenko, sign a peace accord in Cartagena, ending the longest running armed conflict in the Western Hemisphere. The final agreement will be submitted to popular ratification in a referendum on October 2.](/news/2016/09/26/colombian-conflict-colombian-president-juan-manuel-santos-and-farc-guerrilla-leader-rodrigo-londoa-o-also-known-as-timochenko-sign-a-peac.md) _Context: Colombian peace process_
10. [Non-aligned Movement. Around ten heads of state attend the 17th Non-aligned Movement summit in Isla Margarita, Venezuela, including Evo Morales of Bolivia, Raul Castro of Cuba, Rafael Correa of Ecuador, Hassan Rouhani of Iran, Mahmoud Abbas of the State of Palestine, Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe, and Venezuela's president Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/09/17/non-aligned-movement-around-ten-heads-of-state-attend-the-17th-non-aligned-movement-summit-in-isla-margarita-venezuela-including-evo-mora.md) _Context: Ecuador_
