### [2017-02-2](/news/2017/02/2/index.md)

# Russia-United States relations: The United States Department of the Treasury eases some sanctions on the Federal Security Service (FSB), allowing for limited transactions with the intelligence agency. The sanctions were put in place last year by Barack Obama over alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election. 

The U.S. Treasury Department on Thursday adjusted sanctions on Russian intelligence agency FSB, making limited exceptions to the measures put in place by former President Barack Obama over accusations Moscow tried to influence the 2016 U.S. presidential election with cyber attacks on political organizations.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-cyber-russia-idUSKBN15H244)

### Related:

1. [The United States expels 35 Russian diplomats over the alleged Russian interference during the U.S.'s 2016 presidential election. ](/news/2016/12/29/the-united-states-expels-35-russian-diplomats-over-the-alleged-russian-interference-during-the-u-s-s-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election_
2. [Russia-United States relations: 2016 United States election interference by Russia: The Kremlin says almost all communications channels with the United States are frozen. The U.S. State Department says the dialogue with Russia continues despite their differences. ](/news/2016/12/21/russia-united-states-relations-2016-united-states-election-interference-by-russia-the-kremlin-says-almost-all-communications-channels-wi.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election_
3. [Russia-United States relations: APEC Peru 2016: President Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin meet in Peru on the sidelines of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation conference to discuss involvement in the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2016/11/21/russia-united-states-relations-apec-peru-2016-president-barack-obama-and-vladimir-putin-meet-in-peru-on-the-sidelines-of-the-asia-pacifi.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Russia-United States relations_
4. [ United States President-elect Barack Obama announces his Treasury team, which includes Timothy F. Geithner as Secretary, Lawrence Summers as president of the National Economic Council, and Christina Romer as chair of the Council of Economic Advisers. ](/news/2008/11/24/united-states-president-elect-barack-obama-announces-his-treasury-team-which-includes-timothy-f-geithner-as-secretary-lawrence-summers-a.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States Treasury Department_
5. [Russia-United States relations: Unarmed Russian Air Force reconnaissance jets, under the authority provided by international Open Skies Treaty, fly over several Washington, D.C., area government buildings and landmarks as well as the President's residence in Bedminster, New Jersey. ](/news/2017/08/9/russia-united-states-relations-unarmed-russian-air-force-reconnaissance-jets-under-the-authority-provided-by-international-open-skies-tr.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations_
6. [Russia-United States relations: President of the United States Donald Trump signs the Countering America-s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act. Prime Minister of Russia Dmitry Medvedev calls it a "trade war". ](/news/2017/08/2/russia-united-states-relations-president-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-signs-the-countering-america-s-adversaries-through-sanctions.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations_
7. [Russia-United States relations: U.S. President Donald Trump says he and Russian President Vladimir Putin "discussed forming an impenetrable cyber security unit so that election hacking, and many other negative things, will be guarded and safe." Trump later says he does not think this will happen. ](/news/2017/07/9/russia-united-states-relations-u-s-president-donald-trump-says-he-and-russian-president-vladimir-putin-discussed-forming-an-impenetrabl.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations_
8. [Russia-United States relations: Russian President Vladimir Putin expels 755 U.S. diplomats in response to new sanctions imposed by the United States. ](/news/2017/07/30/russia-united-states-relations-russian-president-vladimir-putin-expels-755-u-s-diplomats-in-response-to-new-sanctions-imposed-by-the-uni.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations_
9. [Iran-United States relations: The United States Treasury Department imposes sanctions on six Shahid Hemmat Industrial Group satellite companies following a recent Iranian rocket launch that the U.S. says breached United Nations Security Council Resolution 2231. ](/news/2017/07/28/iran-united-states-relations-the-united-states-treasury-department-imposes-sanctions-on-six-shahid-hemmat-industrial-group-satellite-comp.md) _Context: United States Treasury Department_
10. [Russia-United States relations: Russian Ambassador to the United States Sergey Kislyak, who was cited in "Washington Post" reports yesterday that American intelligence overheard him telling Moscow about his election-related discussions with a Trump campaign official, ends his nine-year assignment and leaves the United States. In May 2017, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Anatoly Antonov was approved as the next ambassador. ](/news/2017/07/22/russia-united-states-relations-russian-ambassador-to-the-united-states-sergey-kislyak-who-was-cited-in-washington-post-reports-yesterd.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations_
