### [2017-02-2](/news/2017/02/2/index.md)

# The United States Department of the Treasury eases some sanctions on the Federal Security Service (FSB), allowing for limited transactions with the intelligence agency. The sanctions were put in place last year by Barack Obama over alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election. 

The U.S. Treasury Department on Thursday adjusted sanctions on Russian intelligence agency FSB, making limited exceptions to the measures put in place by former President Barack Obama over accusations Moscow tried to influence the 2016 U.S. presidential election with cyber attacks on political organizations.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-cyber-russia-idUSKBN15H244)

### Related:

1. [The United States expels 35 Russian diplomats over the alleged Russian interference during the U.S.'s 2016 presidential election. ](/news/2016/12/29/the-united-states-expels-35-russian-diplomats-over-the-alleged-russian-interference-during-the-u-s-s-2016-presidential-election.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election_
2. [The Kremlin says almost all communications channels with the United States are frozen. The U.S. State Department says the dialogue with Russia continues despite their differences. ](/news/2016/12/21/the-kremlin-says-almost-all-communications-channels-with-the-united-states-are-frozen-the-u-s-state-department-says-the-dialogue-with-russ.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations, alleged Russian interference in the 2016 U.S. election_
3. [President Barack Obama and Vladimir Putin meet in Peru on the sidelines of the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation conference to discuss involvement in the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2016/11/21/president-barack-obama-and-vladimir-putin-meet-in-peru-on-the-sidelines-of-the-asia-pacific-economic-cooperation-conference-to-discuss-invol.md) _Context: Barack Obama, Russia-United States relations_
4. [ United States President-elect Barack Obama announces his Treasury team, which includes Timothy F. Geithner as Secretary, Lawrence Summers as president of the National Economic Council, and Christina Romer as chair of the Council of Economic Advisers. ](/news/2008/11/24/united-states-president-elect-barack-obama-announces-his-treasury-team-which-includes-timothy-f-geithner-as-secretary-lawrence-summers-a.md) _Context: Barack Obama, United States Department of the Treasury_
5. [U.S. President Donald Trump says he and Russian President Vladimir Putin "discussed forming an impenetrable cybersecurity unit so that election hacking, and many other negative things, will be guarded and safe." Trump later says he does not think this will happen. ](/news/2017/07/9/u-s-president-donald-trump-says-he-and-russian-president-vladimir-putin-discussed-forming-an-impenetrable-cybersecurity-unit-so-that-elect.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations_
6. [Russian Ambassador to the United States Sergey Kislyak, who was cited in ''Washington Post'' reports yesterday that American intelligence overheard  him telling Moscow about his election-related discussions with a Trump campaign official, ends his nine-year assignment and leaves the United States. In May 2017, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Anatoly Antonov was approved as the next ambassador. ](/news/2017/07/22/russian-ambassador-to-the-united-states-sergey-kislyak-who-was-cited-in-washington-post-reports-yesterday-that-american-intelligence-ov.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations_
7. [A Russian SU-27 fighter jet intercepts  an American B-52 strategic bomber that was flying over international  waters of the  Baltic Sea parallel to the Russian border, and escorts the B-52 until it flew away from the border area. The United States military confirmed that the US Air Force B-52 was operating in international airspace, but had no further comment about the incident. ](/news/2017/06/6/a-russian-su-27-fighter-jet-intercepts-an-american-b-52-strategic-bomber-that-was-flying-over-international-waters-of-the-baltic-sea-para.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations_
8. [U.S. President Donald Trump announces new restrictions on travel and business with Cuba, reversing policies of Cuban Thaw, implemented during the tenure of President Barack Obama. ](/news/2017/06/16/u-s-president-donald-trump-announces-new-restrictions-on-travel-and-business-with-cuba-reversing-policies-of-cuban-thaw-implemented-durin.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
9. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: Russia-United States relations_
10. [Plans for a Chicago-based presidential library in honour of the former U.S. President Obama are revealed. ](/news/2017/05/3/plans-for-a-chicago-based-presidential-library-in-honour-of-the-former-u-s-president-obama-are-revealed.md) _Context: Barack Obama_
