### [2014-09-18](/news/2014/09/18/index.md)

# Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. The Secretary General of the United Nations Ban Ki-Moon announces the creation of an emergency mission to respond to the virus which has killed over 2,500 people in West Africa . 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg via ''Washington Post](http://washpost.bloomberg.com/Story?docId=1376-NC44LV6TTDS801-1RV90R1ILL1KQFD14C0AD929H3)

### Related:

1. [Yemeni civil war. United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon temporarily removes the Saudi Arabian-led intervention in Yemen from a U.N. blacklist for violating children's rights because its supporters threatened to stop funding many U.N. programs. ](/news/2016/06/9/yemeni-civil-war-united-nations-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-temporarily-removes-the-saudi-arabian-led-intervention-in-yemen-from-a-u-n-b.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
2. [United Nations Secretary-General selection, 2016. Former New Zealand prime minister Helen Clark is running for Secretary-General of the United Nations, to succeed Ban Ki-moon whose second term expires at the end of this year. Clark, who is the first non-European and fourth woman among the eight announced candidates, was prime minister for nine years (1999-2008) and has been Administrator of the United Nations Development Programme since April 2009. The United Nations Trusteeship Council will begin preliminary meetings with candidates next week in New York City. ](/news/2016/04/4/united-nations-secretary-general-selection-2016-former-new-zealand-prime-minister-helen-clark-is-running-for-secretary-general-of-the-unit.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
3. [Burundian unrest (2015-present). The United Nations Security Council unanimously adopts a resolution setting the stage for the deployment of UN Police to Burundi, where political unrest that has lasted nearly a year killed over 400 people and displaced tens of thousands. The resolution asks Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to present options within 15 days for the deployment of UN police in order to monitor the security situation, promote respect for human rights and advance the rule of law. ](/news/2016/04/2/burundian-unrest-2015-present-the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-adopts-a-resolution-setting-the-stage-for-the-deployment.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
4. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. The World Health Organisation declares an end to the Ebola virus outbreak in West Africa with Liberia the last country to be declared free of the virus. ](/news/2016/01/14/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-the-world-health-organisation-declares-an-end-to-the-ebola-virus-outbreak-in-west-africa-with-liberia-t.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, West Africa_
5. [Syrian Civil War. Syria peace talks in Vienna. U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says new talks aimed to help end Syria's war shouldn't be held up by wrangling over whether President Bashar Assad stays or goes. ](/news/2015/10/31/syrian-civil-war-syria-peace-talks-in-vienna-u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-says-new-talks-aimed-to-help-end-syria-s-war-shouldn-t-be.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015). U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, during a surprise visit to Jerusalem today, calls for calm ahead of meetings with Israeli and Palestinian leaders in an effort to bring an end to the month-long wave of violence. ](/news/2015/10/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-u-n-secretary-general-ban-ki-moon-during-a-surprise-visit-to-jerusalem-today-calls-for-calm-ahead.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
7. [European migrant crisis. The Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon calls for a "collective political response" to the crisis as the death toll from the latest boat to sink in the Mediterranean Sea rises to 171. ](/news/2015/08/29/european-migrant-crisis-the-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-ban-ki-moon-calls-for-a-collective-political-response-to-the-crisis-a.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
8. [Ban Ki-Moon, the Secretary-General of the United Nations, calls for a new investigation into the death of former Secretary-General Dag Hammarskjold in a plane crash after a panel he appointed uncovers new evidence. ](/news/2015/07/6/ban-ki-moon-the-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-calls-for-a-new-investigation-into-the-death-of-former-secretary-general-dag-hamma.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
9. [North Korea. North Korea abruptly cancels an invitation for Ban Ki-moon, the Secretary-General of the United Nations, to visit. ](/news/2015/05/20/north-korea-north-korea-abruptly-cancels-an-invitation-for-ban-ki-moon-the-secretary-general-of-the-united-nations-to-visit.md) _Context: Ban Ki-moon, Secretary General_
10. [Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa. China sends an additional 232 People's Liberation Army medical workers to West Africa to combat the outbreak (in addition to the 78 that had previously been stationed). ](/news/2015/01/13/ebola-virus-epidemic-in-west-africa-china-sends-an-additional-232-people-s-liberation-army-medical-workers-to-west-africa-to-combat-the-out.md) _Context: Ebola virus epidemic in West Africa, West Africa_
