### [2006-02-13](/news/2006/02/13/index.md)

#  Australian Renae Lawrence, 28, the only female member of the Bali Nine group arrested in 2005, and fellow accused Scott Rush, 19, are convicted in Indonesia of attempting to import heroin to Australia and sentenced to life imprisonment. 




### Source:

1. [Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/news/world/lawrence-jailed-for-20-years/2006/02/13/1139679516835.html)

### Related:

1. [The Indian state of Gujarat passes a law which makes the slaughter of a cow punishable by life imprisonment. ](/news/2017/03/31/the-indian-state-of-gujarat-passes-a-law-which-makes-the-slaughter-of-a-cow-punishable-by-life-imprisonment.md) _Context: life imprisonment_
2. [The Sindh province of Pakistan passes a law against forced religious conversions, carrying a minimum five-year sentence and a maximum sentence of life imprisonment, following criticism over protection of minorities in the country. ](/news/2016/11/25/the-sindh-province-of-pakistan-passes-a-law-against-forced-religious-conversions-carrying-a-minimum-five-year-sentence-and-a-maximum-senten.md) _Context: life imprisonment_
3. [Ling Jihua, former top aide to paramount leader Hu Jintao, is sentenced to life in prison for illegally obtaining state secrets and taking over $11 million in bribes. Ling's misfortunes started when he was accused of trying to cover up a scandal connected to his 23-year-old son's deadly crash in a Ferrari in 2012. ](/news/2016/07/4/ling-jihua-former-top-aide-to-paramount-leader-hu-jintao-is-sentenced-to-life-in-prison-for-illegally-obtaining-state-secrets-and-taking-o.md) _Context: life imprisonment_
4. [In the U.S., the Iowa Supreme Court rules juveniles, even those convicted of first-degree murder, can not be sentenced to life without parole, becoming the 19th state to ban such sentences. As of January, about 2,300 American juveniles were serving life-without-parole sentences. ](/news/2016/05/27/in-the-u-s-the-iowa-supreme-court-rules-juveniles-even-those-convicted-of-first-degree-murder-can-not-be-sentenced-to-life-without-parol.md) _Context: life imprisonment_
5. [Australia commemorates the one-year anniversary of the execution of the ringleaders the Bali Nine. ](/news/2016/04/29/australia-commemorates-the-one-year-anniversary-of-the-execution-of-the-ringleaders-the-bali-nine.md) _Context: Bali Nine_
6. [Two days before the one-year anniversary of the execution of Andrew Chan and Myuran Sukumaran, the ringleaders of the Bali Nine, member Michael Czugaj is discovered to be in possession of drugs in prison. ](/news/2016/04/27/two-days-before-the-one-year-anniversary-of-the-execution-of-andrew-chan-and-myuran-sukumaran-the-ringleaders-of-the-bali-nine-member-mich.md) _Context: Bali Nine_
7. [Conservative MP Philip Davies calls for a crackdown after it was announced up to 100 prisoners serving life sentences in British prisons will be let out of jail at Christmas for a five-day break with their families. Last year a total of 1,347 prison inmates, including 93 lifers, were given leave. The scheme has been defended by Justice Minister MP Andrew Selous but has caused outrage among justice campaigners. ](/news/2015/11/29/conservative-mp-philip-davies-calls-for-a-crackdown-after-it-was-announced-up-to-100-prisoners-serving-life-sentences-in-british-prisons-wil.md) _Context: life imprisonment_
8. [Israeli agent Jonathan Pollard, a former U.S. intelligence analyst convicted and sentenced to a life imprisonment for providing top secret classified information to Israel, will be released by the Obama Administration on parole tomorrow after serving 30 years in a U.S. federal prison. He will be given an ankle monitor while he completes five years of parole in America. ](/news/2015/11/19/israeli-agent-jonathan-pollard-a-former-u-s-intelligence-analyst-convicted-and-sentenced-to-a-life-imprisonment-for-providing-top-secret-c.md) _Context: life imprisonment_
9. [An Indonesian court rejects Andrew Chan's and Myuran Sukumaran's appeal against the President of Indonesia Joko Widodo's refusal to grant them clemency against the death penalty as organisers of the Bali Nine plot to smuggle heroin to Australia in 2005. ](/news/2015/04/6/an-indonesian-court-rejects-andrew-chan-s-and-myuran-sukumaran-s-appeal-against-the-president-of-indonesia-joko-widodo-s-refusal-to-grant-th.md) _Context: Bali Nine_
10. [The jury at Southwark Crown Court convicts British 70s glam rock star Gary Glitter on child sexual abuse charges with the prospect of life imprisonment. ](/news/2015/02/5/the-jury-at-southwark-crown-court-convicts-british-70s-glam-rock-star-gary-glitter-on-child-sexual-abuse-charges-with-the-prospect-of-life-i.md) _Context: life imprisonment_
