### [2007-11-26](/news/2007/11/26/index.md)

#  35 militants are killed in a ground offensive against pro-Taliban militants by the Pakistan Army.date=December 2007 




### Related:

1. [ Two Army soldiers and 13 Taliban militants are killed during a raid in Mohmand Agency, Pakistan. ](/news/2009/05/2/two-army-soldiers-and-13-taliban-militants-are-killed-during-a-raid-in-mohmand-agency-pakistan.md) _Context: Pakistan army, Taliban, militant_
2. [ The Pakistani Army kills approximately 60 Taliban militants during Operation Black Thunder. ](/news/2009/05/1/the-pakistani-army-kills-approximately-60-taliban-militants-during-operation-black-thunder.md) _Context: Pakistan army, Taliban, militant_
3. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency:: Thousands of people escape Pakistan's Swat district, where the Pakistan Army is fighting with pro-Taliban militants. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7104331.stm (BBC)]: More than 100 journalists are arrested for protesting against the state of emergency and media restrictions. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7103538.stm (BBC)]: The Government of Pakistan releases 3,400 people who were jailed during the state of emergency. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7103266.stm (BBC)]: Pakistan Chief Election Commissioner Justice (retired) Qazi Mohammad Farooq announces the next general elections will be held on January 8, 2008.date=December 2007](/news/2007/11/20/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-thousands-of-people-escape-pakistan-s-swat-district-where-the-pakistan-army-is-fighting-with-pro-talib.md) _Context: Pakistan army, Taliban, militant_
4. [War in North-West Pakistan: Seven Pakistani army soldiers and 19 Taliban fighters are killed in overnight fighting in North Waziristan near the Afghanistan border. ](/news/2015/06/8/war-in-north-west-pakistan-seven-pakistani-army-soldiers-and-19-taliban-fighters-are-killed-in-overnight-fighting-in-north-waziristan-near.md) _Context: Pakistan army, Taliban_
5. [War in North-West Pakistan:: A cross border attack by the Afghan Taliban kills three Pakistan Army soldiers in Bajaur Agency of the Federally Administered Tribal Areas. ](/news/2014/07/12/war-in-north-west-pakistan-a-cross-border-attack-by-the-afghan-taliban-kills-three-pakistan-army-soldiers-in-bajaur-agency-of-the-federall.md) _Context: Pakistan army, Taliban_
6. [War in North-West Pakistan:: A Taliban suicide bomber kills two Pakistan Army soldiers in the North Waziristan tribal district. ](/news/2013/11/20/war-in-north-west-pakistan-a-taliban-suicide-bomber-kills-two-pakistan-army-soldiers-in-the-north-waziristan-tribal-district.md) _Context: Pakistan army, Taliban_
7. [War in North-West Pakistan:: Thirty-five militants and one soldier are killed in fighting in the Khyber Agency tribal region of northwest Pakistan in an operation. ](/news/2013/06/9/war-in-north-west-pakistan-thirty-five-militants-and-one-soldier-are-killed-in-fighting-in-the-khyber-agency-tribal-region-of-northwest-pa.md) _Context: Pakistan army, Taliban_
8. [Anonymous officials say the Taliban has attacked a Pakistan Army post in South Waziristan killing nine soldiers. Pakistani Taliban say they killed twelve. ](/news/2012/08/29/anonymous-officials-say-the-taliban-has-attacked-a-pakistan-army-post-in-south-waziristan-killing-nine-soldiers-pakistani-taliban-say-they.md) _Context: Pakistan army, Taliban_
9. [The Taliban releases a video of 17 decapitated Pakistani soldiers. ](/news/2012/06/28/the-taliban-releases-a-video-of-17-decapitated-pakistani-soldiers.md) _Context: Pakistan army, Taliban_
10. [Seven Pakistan Army soldiers are killed and three others wounded following a Taliban attack in the Kurram Agency. ](/news/2012/02/3/seven-pakistan-army-soldiers-are-killed-and-three-others-wounded-following-a-taliban-attack-in-the-kurram-agency.md) _Context: Pakistan army, Taliban_
