### [2007-11-26](/news/2007/11/26/index.md)

#  Former Prime Minister of Pakistan Nawaz Sharif announces he will file nomination papers in the Pakistani general election, 2008. However, he will not serve as Prime Minister under the current President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf. 




### Source:

1. [Canadian Press via Google News](http://canadianpress.google.com/article/ALeqM5hM5-mPiQRPbl5UtaZsykYVwHeCJA)
2. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7112550.stm)

### Related:

1. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred  Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President, Prime Minister_
2. [A Pakistani court indicts former President Pervez Musharraf for his alleged involvement in the 2007 assassination of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto. ](/news/2013/08/20/a-pakistani-court-indicts-former-president-pervez-musharraf-for-his-alleged-involvement-in-the-2007-assassination-of-former-prime-minister-b.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President, Prime Minister_
3. [ The Supreme Court of Pakistan delays by-elections until it can handle the appeal of disqualified candidate Nawaz Sharif, former Prime Minister and leader of the Pakistan Muslim League (N). ](/news/2008/06/25/the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-delays-by-elections-until-it-can-handle-the-appeal-of-disqualified-candidate-nawaz-sharif-former-prime-minis.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister, by-elections_
4. [ Nawaz Sharif, former Prime Minister of Pakistan and leader of the Pakistan Muslim League (N), is found ineligible by a court to stand in upcoming by-elections. ](/news/2008/06/23/nawaz-sharif-former-prime-minister-of-pakistan-and-leader-of-the-pakistan-muslim-league-n-is-found-ineligible-by-a-court-to-stand-in-up.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister, by-elections_
5. [ Former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's party Pakistan Muslim League (N) announces it has decided to leave the governing coalition because of differences over how to restore around 60 judges sacked by President Pervez Musharraf on November 3, 2007. ](/news/2008/05/12/former-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-s-party-pakistan-muslim-league-n-announces-it-has-decided-to-leave-the-governing-coalition-because-of.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pervez Musharraf, President, Prime Minister_
6. [ The Election Commission of Pakistan rejects former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's nomination papers for the upcoming parliamentary election. ([http://www.dailytimes.com.pk/default.asp?page=2007%5C12%5C04%5Cstory_4-12-2007_pg1_5 ''Daily Times''])](/news/2007/12/3/the-election-commission-of-pakistan-rejects-former-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-s-nomination-papers-for-the-upcoming-parliamentary-election.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister, by-elections_
7. [ Pakistan: The Pakistani cabinet announces plans to drop all corruption charges against former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto.{{Fact|date=December 2007}} The President of Pakistan Pervez Musharraf appoints General Ashfaq Kiyani to succeed him as the head of the Pakistan Army after Saturday's election. ](/news/2007/10/2/pakistan-p-the-pakistani-cabinet-announces-plans-to-drop-all-corruption-charges-against-former-prime-minister-benazir-bhutto-fact-date-de.md) _Context: Pakistan, Pervez Musharraf, President, Prime Minister_
8. [Pakistan's opposition interrupts Parliament's scheduled session demanding   Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif resign during the investigation of his finances, per Thursday's Supreme Court ruling. ](/news/2017/04/21/pakistan-s-opposition-interrupts-parliament-s-scheduled-session-demanding-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-resign-during-the-investigation-of-h.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister_
9. [Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is met by Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif  at Allama Iqbal International Airport in Lahore for a two-hour meeting. Modi's surprise stopover is the first since Indian Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee visited Pakistan in 2004.  ](/news/2015/12/25/indian-prime-minister-narendra-modi-is-met-by-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-at-allama-iqbal-international-airport-in-lahore-for-a-t.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister_
10. [Pakistani protesters armed with sticks and stones clash with police in the centre of Islamabad after protests calling for the resignation of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif turn violent. All schools in the capital have been closed as a result of the clashes. ](/news/2014/09/1/pakistani-protesters-armed-with-sticks-and-stones-clash-with-police-in-the-centre-of-islamabad-after-protests-calling-for-the-resignation-of.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister_
