### [2007-11-26](/news/2007/11/26/index.md)

#  The Federation Council of Russia sets March 2, 2008 as the date of the Russian presidential election, 2008. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/7112642.stm)

### Related:

1. [ Russian Federation Council Speaker Sergei Mironov said that the fact that the election day has been set for March 2 allows president Vladimir Putin, who is required to leave office when his second term ends in May 2008, the option of resigning early and then running again. ](/news/2007/11/27/russian-federation-council-speaker-sergei-mironov-said-that-the-fact-that-the-election-day-has-been-set-for-march-2-allows-president-vladim.md) _Context: Federation Council, Russia, go to the polls_
2. [ 2008 South Ossetia war: The Federation Council of Russia, the upper house of the Federal Assembly, urges the President to recognise the independence of Georgia's breakaway regions of Abkhazia and South Ossetia. ](/news/2008/08/25/2008-south-ossetia-war-p-the-federation-council-of-russia-the-upper-house-of-the-federal-assembly-urges-the-president-to-recognise-the-in.md) _Context: Federation Council, Russia_
3. [ Russian voters go to the polls to decide the country's next president. Dmitry Medvedev of the United Russia wins the election and is expected to succeed Vladimir Putin as the President of Russia. ](/news/2008/03/2/russian-voters-go-to-the-polls-to-decide-the-country-s-next-president-dmitry-medvedev-of-the-united-russia-wins-the-election-and-is-expect.md) _Context: Russia, go to the polls_
4. [ Russian President Vladimir Putin announces at a party meeting that he will support Dmitry Medvedev as his successor in the March 2008 presidential election. ](/news/2007/12/10/russian-president-vladimir-putin-announces-at-a-party-meeting-that-he-will-support-dmitry-medvedev-as-his-successor-in-the-march-2008-presi.md) _Context: Russia, go to the polls_
5. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Russia_
6. [A large scale international cyber-attack using the WannaCry ransomware package disrupts computer and telephone systems in thousands of cases across 99 countries. Affected organisations include: England's NHS, with doctors reporting messages demanding money; MegaFon and Sberbank in Russia; Telefonica, Iberdrola, and Gas Natural in Spain; and FedEx. ](/news/2017/05/12/a-large-scale-international-cyber-attack-using-the-wannacry-ransomware-package-disrupts-computer-and-telephone-systems-in-thousands-of-cases.md) _Context: Russia_
7. [The U.S. Attorney's Office in Alexandria, Virginia thru U.S. Attorney Dana Boente issues subpoenas to former National Security Advisor Michael T. Flynn to assess the extent of his ties to Russia. ](/news/2017/05/10/the-u-s-attorney-s-office-in-alexandria-virginia-thru-u-s-attorney-dana-boente-issues-subpoenas-to-former-national-security-advisor-micha.md) _Context: Russia_
8. [Russian authorities discover and deactivate an explosive device in a Saint Petersburg flat, during ongoing raids occurring in response to the bombing. ](/news/2017/04/6/russian-authorities-discover-and-deactivate-an-explosive-device-in-a-saint-petersburg-flat-during-ongoing-raids-occurring-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Russia_
9. [Russian authorities arrest more than 100 gay men in Chechnya, including television personalities and religious figures, for "nontraditional sexual orientation." The ''Novaya Gazeta'' newspaper  reported that three of the arrested men have been killed, while others reportedly were released for family honor killing. Chechen Republic leader Ramzan Kadyrov's spokesperson said this report contains "absolute lies and disinformation" since there are no homosexuals in Chechnya. ](/news/2017/04/3/russian-authorities-arrest-more-than-100-gay-men-in-chechnya-including-television-personalities-and-religious-figures-for-nontraditional.md) _Context: Russia_
10. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: Russia_
