### [2007-11-26](/news/2007/11/26/index.md)

#  War in Chad (2005-present): Chad's army claims to have killed hundreds of rebel fighters in heavy fighting near Sudan's Darfur region. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://uk.reuters.com/article/worldNews/idUKL2655724720071126)
1. [Cover Image](http://s4.reutersmedia.net/resources_v2/images/rcom-default.png)

### Related:

1. [ War in Chad (2005-present)/Darfur conflict: Chadian rebels have attacked the eastern town of Guereda, neighbouring Sudan's war-torn Darfur region. ](/news/2006/12/2/war-in-chad-2005apresent-darfur-conflict-chadian-rebels-have-attacked-the-eastern-town-of-gua-c-ra-c-da-neighbouring-sudan-s-war-torn-dar.md) _Context: Chad, Darfur, Sudan, War in Chad (2005-present)_
2. [ France calls for a joint force of United Nations and European Union peacekeepers in parts of Chad and the Central African Republic bordering the Darfur region of Sudan. ](/news/2007/09/19/france-calls-for-a-joint-force-of-united-nations-and-european-union-peacekeepers-in-parts-of-chad-and-the-central-african-republic-borderin.md) _Context: Chad, Darfur, Sudan_
3. [ Darfur conflict: The Sudanese government and rebel leaders sign two accords that include a no-fly zone over Darfur, disarming Janjaweed militia and informing the location of forces to cease-fire monitors. United Nations officials arrive to investigate claims of genocide. ](/news/2004/11/8/darfur-conflict-the-sudanese-government-and-rebel-leaders-sign-two-accords-that-include-a-no-fly-zone-over-darfur-disarming-janjaweed-mil.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan, rebel_
4. [ United States Secretary of State Colin Powell declares that the actions of the Janjaweed Arab militia in Darfur constitute genocide. Powell holds the government of Sudan responsible. Up to 50,000 ethnic Africans have been killed and 2.2 million displaced into refugee camps in neighboring Chad by ethnic Arab militias. ](/news/2004/09/9/united-states-secretary-of-state-colin-powell-declares-that-the-actions-of-the-janjaweed-arab-militia-in-darfur-constitute-genocide-powell.md) _Context: Chad, Darfur, Sudan_
5. [ The French Ambassador to Chad, Jean Pierre Bercot, says that France will deploy 200 soldiers to help secure Chad's eastern border with Sudan's conflict-torn Darfur region. The troops will also bring humanitarian aid to tens of thousands of Darfur refugees in Chad. ](/news/2004/08/1/the-french-ambassador-to-chad-jean-pierre-bercot-says-that-france-will-deploy-200-soldiers-to-help-secure-chad-s-eastern-border-with-suda.md) _Context: Chad, Darfur, Sudan_
6. [Amnesty International say dozens of children in Darfur are among more than 200 people estimated to have been killed by Sudan government chemical weapons since January. ](/news/2016/09/28/amnesty-international-say-dozens-of-children-in-darfur-are-among-more-than-200-people-estimated-to-have-been-killed-by-sudan-government-chem.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan_
7. [According to the Sudanese electoral commission, more than 97% of voters in Darfur choose to remain as five states rather than form a single region. However, The vote was held amid ongoing insecurity and many of Sudan's 2.5 million displaced people were not registered to vote, with the U.S. State Department warning that the referendum could not be considered credible "under current rules and conditions". ](/news/2016/04/23/according-to-the-sudanese-electoral-commission-more-than-97-of-voters-in-darfur-choose-to-remain-as-five-states-rather-than-form-a-single.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan_
8. [Voting for a referendum begins in Darfur, Sudan. Voters will be asked during the three-day referendum to decide on the permanent administrative status of the region. The choices are for the creation of a Darfur Region composed of the States of Darfur, or the retention of the status quo states system. Darfur is currently divided into five states. Voters will decide this week whether the area should go back to being one region, as it was until 1994. However, there are fears of voter apathy and if the referendum will be credible. ](/news/2016/04/11/voting-for-a-referendum-begins-in-darfur-sudan-voters-will-be-asked-during-the-three-day-referendum-to-decide-on-the-permanent-administrat.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan_
9. [Sudan's Electoral Commission declares that incumbent President of Sudan Omar al-Bashir won re-election with 94.4 per cent of the vote extending his 25 year rule. He has been indicted multiple times by the International Criminal Court for being personally responsible for war crimes committed in Darfur and elsewhere in Sudan. ](/news/2015/04/27/sudan-s-electoral-commission-declares-that-incumbent-president-of-sudan-omar-al-bashir-won-re-election-with-94-4-per-cent-of-the-vote-extend.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan_
10. [Tribal violence in Darfur, Sudan, kills at least 163 people and displaces 50,000 others. ](/news/2013/04/8/tribal-violence-in-darfur-sudan-kills-at-least-163-people-and-displaces-50-000-others.md) _Context: Darfur, Sudan_
