### [2016-07-20](/news/2016/07/20/index.md)

# Libyan Civil War (2014-present). At least three French Armed Forces soldiers are killed after their helicopter is shot down near the city of Benghazi, Libya. The soldiers were killed while carrying out "dangerous intelligence operations", according to French President Francois Hollande. 

Three French soldiers have been killed in Libya after their helicopter was shot down, President Francois Hollande says.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-africa-36843186)

### Related:

1. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). Senior Libyan military officials say French special forces are on the ground in Benghazi helping Libyan National Army troops fight ISIL militants. They said that the French forces, along with American and British teams, are setting up an operations room inside Benina International Airport in Benina. The French defense ministry declined to comment, citing a policy not to comment on special forces' activities. ](/news/2016/02/24/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-senior-libyan-military-officials-say-french-special-forces-are-on-the-ground-in-benghazi-helping-libyan-n.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
2. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). A major power station in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi is shelled by militants. ](/news/2016/01/9/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-a-major-power-station-in-the-eastern-libyan-city-of-benghazi-is-shelled-by-militants.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
3. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). At least nine people are killed and dozens injured in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi after several mortar shells hit a protest against a UN proposal for a unity government to end the four-year long crisis in the country. ](/news/2015/10/23/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-nine-people-are-killed-and-dozens-injured-in-the-eastern-libyan-city-of-benghazi-after-several-m.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
4. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The death toll from an attack on a Libyan National Army-controlled airbase in southern Libya reportedly rises to 140 people. ](/news/2017/05/20/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-death-toll-from-an-attack-on-a-libyan-national-army-controlled-airbase-in-southern-libya-reportedly-r.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
5. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). The Benghazi Defense Brigades, an ally of the Shura Council of Benghazi Revolutionaries, claims to have captured five cities and two oil-production areas from forces loyal to Khalifa Haftar in the east of Libya. ](/news/2017/03/4/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-benghazi-defense-brigades-an-ally-of-the-shura-council-of-benghazi-revolutionaries-claims-to-have-c.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
6. [A police sniper accidentally fires his weapon while changing position and injures two people during a speech by French President Francois Hollande in Villognon. ](/news/2017/02/28/a-police-sniper-accidentally-fires-his-weapon-while-changing-position-and-injures-two-people-during-a-speech-by-french-president-franassois-h.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
7. [France-United States relations. French President Francois Hollande reproaches U.S. President Donald Trump for his disparaging comments about Paris at Friday's Conservative Political Action Conference, noting that allies should have more respect and support for each other. ](/news/2017/02/25/france-united-states-relations-french-president-franassois-hollande-reproaches-u-s-president-donald-trump-for-his-disparaging-comments-ab.md) _Context: Francois Hollande, President of France_
8. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). Forces of the Libyan National Army claim to have captured one of the last remaining strongholds of Benghazi from Ansar al-Sharia. ](/news/2017/01/26/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-forces-of-the-libyan-national-army-claim-to-have-captured-one-of-the-last-remaining-strongholds-of-bengha.md) _Context: Benghazi, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
9. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). U.S. B-2 stealth bombers strike two ISIL camps, south of the city of Sirte, Libya, killing more than 80 militants, according to United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. ](/news/2017/01/19/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-u-s-b-2-stealth-bombers-strike-two-isil-camps-south-of-the-city-of-sirte-libya-killing-more-than-80-m.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
10. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present). At least eight are killed in clashes in Tripoli, Libya. ](/news/2016/12/2/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-eight-are-killed-in-clashes-in-tripoli-libya.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
