### [2016-07-20](/news/2016/07/20/index.md)

# Senator Ted Cruz, the runner-up in the race for the Republican Party nomination, is booed off stage after giving a speech and refusing to endorse Donald Trump. 

He was then booed off the stage.


### Source:

1. [Vox](http://www.vox.com/2016/7/20/12244126/rnc-convention-ted-cruz-donald-trump-boos)
1. [Cover Image](https://cdn0.vox-cdn.com/thumbor/XwfsFtDvJQadDR86Dy0c2a757ro=/0x167:3000x1834/1080x600/cdn0.vox-cdn.com/uploads/chorus_image/image/50167671/GettyImages-496995876.0.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Donald Trump accepts the nomination of the Republican Party in the 2016 US Presidential election. ](/news/2016/07/21/donald-trump-accepts-the-nomination-of-the-republican-party-in-the-2016-us-presidential-election.md) _Context: 2016 Republican National Convention, Donald Trump, Republican_
2. [Donald Trump is nominated as the Republican Party candidate for this year's presidential election. ](/news/2016/07/19/donald-trump-is-nominated-as-the-republican-party-candidate-for-this-year-s-presidential-election.md) _Context: 2016 Republican National Convention, Donald Trump, Republican_
3. [Apple Inc. notifies the GOP that this year it will not fund or provide other support for the party's 2016 presidential convention, citing Donald Trump's controversial comments about women, immigrants and minorities. ](/news/2016/06/18/apple-inc-notifies-the-gop-that-this-year-it-will-not-fund-or-provide-other-support-for-the-partyas-2016-presidential-convention-citing.md) _Context: 2016 Republican National Convention, Donald Trump, Republican_
4. [The Colorado Republican Party continues choosing its delegates to the 2016 Republican National Convention in Cleveland. Ted Cruz has swept all of the delegates available so far. The process which began last Saturday (April 2, 2016) will conclude tomorrow. ](/news/2016/04/8/the-colorado-republican-party-continues-choosing-its-delegates-to-the-2016-republican-national-convention-in-cleveland-ted-cruz-has-swept-a.md) _Context: 2016 Republican National Convention, Republican, Ted Cruz_
5. [The presidential campaigns of Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich announce they will now coordinate strategies to stop fellow Republican Donald Trump from becoming the party's nominee. Cruz's campaign will cut campaigning in Oregon and New Mexico to help Kasich, while the Kasich campaign will give Cruz a "clear path" in Indiana. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-presidential-campaigns-of-texas-senator-ted-cruz-and-governor-of-ohio-john-kasich-announce-they-will-now-coordinate-strategies-to-stop-f.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Republican, Ted Cruz_
6. [The eleventh Republican Party presidential debate of the election cycle takes place at the Fox Theatre in downtown Detroit, Michigan, airing live on Fox News Channel. The debate features four Republican candidates, Donald Trump, Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio and John Kasich. Ben Carson was also invited to the debate but he said that he would not be attending. An estimated 16.9 million viewers watched the debate, 5.5 million of them adults aged 25-54, making it the most watched debate since December 2015. ](/news/2016/03/3/the-eleventh-republican-party-presidential-debate-of-the-election-cycle-takes-place-at-the-fox-theatre-in-downtown-detroit-michigan-airing.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Republican, Ted Cruz_
7. [Republican Party voters, in precinct gatherings, hold the Nevada caucuses with Donald Trump winning, Marco Rubio coming second, and Ted Cruz finishing in third place. ](/news/2016/02/23/republican-party-voters-in-precinct-gatherings-hold-the-nevada-caucuses-with-donald-trump-winning-marco-rubio-coming-second-and-ted-cruz.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Republican, Ted Cruz_
8. [The seventh Republican Party presidential debate, the second hosted by Fox News, and the final debate before voting begins with the Iowa caucuses on February 1, is held in Des Moines, Iowa. The seven candidates featuring in the primetime debate were Jeb Bush, Ben Carson, Chris Christie, Ted Cruz, John Kasich, Rand Paul and Marco Rubio. Donald Trump, the current front-runner in the polls, was also invited to the primetime debate but opted to boycott the debate and instead hosted a town hall with charitable proceeds going to veterans groups. ](/news/2016/01/28/the-seventh-republican-party-presidential-debate-the-second-hosted-by-fox-news-and-the-final-debate-before-voting-begins-with-the-iowa-cau.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Republican, Ted Cruz_
9. [West Virginia Governor Jim Justice announces, during U.S. President Donald Trump's rally in Huntington, he is changing his party affiliation from Democratic to Republican. ](/news/2017/08/3/west-virginia-governor-jim-justice-announces-during-u-s-president-donald-trump-s-rally-in-huntington-he-is-changing-his-party-affiliation.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Republican_
10. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Republican_
