### [2016-07-20](/news/2016/07/20/index.md)

# United States presidential election, 2016: The United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit affirms previous rulings that Texas' 2011 voter ID law is discriminatory and does not comply with the Voting Rights Act, and orders a lower court to resolve the problem in time for the November elections. 

A Texas law requiring voters to show a government-issued form of photo identification before casting a ballot is discriminatory and violates the U.S. Voting Rights Act, a U.S. appeals court ruled on Wednesday.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-court-texasvoting-idUSKCN1002KJ)
2. [The Texas Tribune](https://www.texastribune.org/2016/07/20/appeals-court-rules-texas-voter-id/)

### Related:

1. [Voter ID laws in the United States: A federal district court for southern Texas rules that the state's voter ID law was passed in 2011 with the intent to discriminate against minority voters. The 5th Circuit Court of Appeals previously found that the law had the effect of discriminating against minority voters, and remanded the case to the district court for further action. ](/news/2017/04/10/voter-id-laws-in-the-united-states-a-federal-district-court-for-southern-texas-rules-that-the-state-s-voter-id-law-was-passed-in-2011-with.md) _Context: 5th Circuit Court of Appeals, Voter ID laws in the United States_
2. [United States presidential election, 2016: Ted Cruz presidential campaign, 2016: Texas Senator Ted Cruz names former Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina as his vice-presidential running mate. ](/news/2016/04/27/united-states-presidential-election-2016-ted-cruz-presidential-campaign-2016-texas-senator-ted-cruz-names-former-republican-presidential.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Texas_
3. [United States presidential election, 2016: The presidential campaigns of Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich announce they will now coordinate strategies to stop fellow Republican Donald Trump from becoming the party's nominee. Cruz's campaign will cut campaigning in Oregon and New Mexico to help Kasich, while the Kasich campaign will give Cruz a "clear path" in Indiana. ](/news/2016/04/25/united-states-presidential-election-2016-the-presidential-campaigns-of-texas-senator-ted-cruz-and-governor-of-ohio-john-kasich-announce-th.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Texas_
4. [United States presidential election, 2016: Voters in the U.S. states of Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Colorado, Georgia, Massachusetts, Minnesota, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Vermont, Virginia, and the overseas territory of American Samoa go to the polls to vote on Super Tuesday. ](/news/2016/03/1/united-states-presidential-election-2016-voters-in-the-u-s-states-of-alabama-alaska-arkansas-colorado-georgia-massachusetts-minneso.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Texas_
5. [United States presidential election, 2016: Former New York City mayor Michael Bloomberg is seriously considering a possible independent presidential run if Donald Trump or Texas Senator Ted Cruz face Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders in the general election. ](/news/2016/01/23/united-states-presidential-election-2016-former-new-york-city-mayor-michael-bloomberg-is-seriously-considering-a-possible-independent-pres.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Texas_
6. [The U.S. Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals strikes down a state law in Texas that had required that voters show identification before casting ballots. ](/news/2015/08/5/the-u-s-fifth-circuit-court-of-appeals-strikes-down-a-state-law-in-texas-that-had-required-that-voters-show-identification-before-casting-b.md) _Context: 5th Circuit Court of Appeals, Texas_
7. [The United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit upholds a Texan law providing that abortion clinics meet the same standards as hospital style surgical clinics meaning that many abortion clinics must upgrade or close. ](/news/2015/06/9/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-fifth-circuit-upholds-a-texan-law-providing-that-abortion-clinics-meet-the-same-standards-as-hosp.md) _Context: 5th Circuit Court of Appeals, Texas_
8. [United States presidential election, 2016: Senator Ted Cruz (R-Texas) announces his intention to run for president. ](/news/2015/03/23/united-states-presidential-election-2016-senator-ted-cruz-r-texas-announces-his-intention-to-run-for-president.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Texas_
9. [United States Senator Ted Cruz of Texas announces that he wants to renounce his Canadian citizenship, fueling speculation about a presidential run in 2016. ](/news/2013/08/20/united-states-senator-ted-cruz-of-texas-announces-that-he-wants-to-renounce-his-canadian-citizenship-fueling-speculation-about-a-presidenti.md) _Context: 2016 U.S. presidential election, Texas_
10. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season: Harvey becomes a hurricane, expected to make landfall on the Texas coast at Category 3, bringing life-threatening storm surge, rainfall, and wind hazards. ](/news/2017/08/24/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-harvey-becomes-a-hurricane-expected-to-make-landfall-on-the-texas-coast-at-category-3-bringing-life-threat.md) _Context: Texas_
