### [2013-11-23](/news/2013/11/23/index.md)

# P5+1 foreign ministers meet in Geneva for talks on Iran's nuclear program. 




### Source:

1. [RIA Novosti](http://en.ria.ru/world/20131123/184898933/51-Foreign-Ministers-Gather-in-Geneva-for-Iran-Talks.html)

### Related:

1. [P5+1. Iran asks Austria to secure the talks over its nuclear program following reports of cybersecurity breaches. ](/news/2015/06/13/p5-1-iran-asks-austria-to-secure-the-talks-over-its-nuclear-program-following-reports-of-cybersecurity-breaches.md) _Context: nuclear scientist, several world powers_
2. [Members of the P5+1 powers meet with representatives of Iran in Geneva to discuss Iran's nuclear program. ](/news/2015/02/19/members-of-the-p5-1-powers-meet-with-representatives-of-iran-in-geneva-to-discuss-iran-s-nuclear-program.md) _Context: nuclear scientist, several world powers_
3. [Iran confirms it has executed nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri by hanging for treason. Iranian judiciary spokesman Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i says Amiri was charged with spying for enemies of the Islamic Republic of Iran and that U.S. officials had been unaware that Iran was monitoring Amiri's efforts for the West. His body was returned to his family with rope marks around his neck. ](/news/2016/08/7/iran-confirms-it-has-executed-nuclear-scientist-shahram-amiri-by-hanging-for-treason-iranian-judiciary-spokesman-gholam-hossein-mohseni-eje.md) _Context: nuclear scientist_
4. [Nuclear program of Iran. The International Atomic Energy Agency states that Iran has complied with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, paving the way for international sanctions to be lifted by the United States and European Union. ](/news/2016/01/16/nuclear-program-of-iran-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-states-that-iran-has-complied-with-its-commitments-under-the-joint-comprehen.md) _Context: nuclear scientist_
5. [In accordance with a major point of a nuclear agreement reached with several world powers, Iran removed a plutonium core and filled with concrete the Arak nuclear reactor, setting the stage for the removal of sanctions against Iran. ](/news/2016/01/12/in-accordance-with-a-major-point-of-a-nuclear-agreement-reached-with-several-world-powers-iran-removed-a-plutonium-core-and-filled-with-con.md) _Context: several world powers_
6. [Russia's envoy to the International Atomic Energy Agency says he expects the historic nuclear deal between Iran and world powers, the P5+1, to be implemented in January. Before the end of the year, Iran will exchange its stockpile of low-enriched uranium for Russia's non-enriched forms of uranium, he said. ](/news/2015/12/7/russia-s-envoy-to-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-says-he-expects-the-historic-nuclear-deal-between-iran-and-world-powers-the-p5-1.md) _Context: several world powers_
7. [Nuclear program of Iran. The United Nations finds Iran's firing of a medium-range ballistic missile in October violated a June 2010 resolution banning the Islamic Republic from launches capable of delivering nuclear weapons. The test was not technically a violation of the July nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers. It's not known if the Security Council will take any action. ](/news/2015/12/15/nuclear-program-of-iran-the-united-nations-finds-iran-s-firing-of-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-in-october-violated-a-june-2010-resoluti.md) _Context: nuclear scientist_
8. [Iran's Islamic Consultative Assembly approves the deal on its nuclear program agreed with six world powers. ](/news/2015/10/13/iran-s-islamic-consultative-assembly-approves-the-deal-on-its-nuclear-program-agreed-with-six-world-powers.md) _Context: nuclear scientist_
9. [Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. The United Nations Security Council unanimously approves the Nuclear Pact between Iran and a group of six world powers in return for sanctions relief. ](/news/2015/07/20/joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-approves-the-nuclear-pact-between-iran-and-a-group-of-si.md) _Context: several world powers_
10. [Negotiation of a comprehensive nuclear agreement with Iran. A nuclear deal is reached in Vienna between Iran and P5+1. This Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action if signed by the entities involved, will cut off Iran's ability to produce a nuclear weapon whilst allowing for the peaceful use of nuclear energy, inspections, and the lifting of sanctions. ](/news/2015/07/14/negotiation-of-a-comprehensive-nuclear-agreement-with-iran-a-nuclear-deal-is-reached-in-vienna-between-iran-and-p5-1-this-joint-comprehens.md) _Context: several world powers_
