### [2007-07-7](/news/2007/07/7/index.md)

#  Live Earth gets underway with concerts in Australia, the United States, Germany, South Africa, the United Kingdom, Brazil, Japan and China. 




### Source:

1. [Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/news/music/global-extravaganza-underway/2007/07/07/1183351498368.html?s_cid=rss_smh)

### Related:

1. [Australia, the UK, France, and the United States, all issue security alerts for westerners in Sanlitun in the Chaoyang District of Beijing,  a popular diplomatic and entertainment district. Chinese officials indicate they have taken appropriate measures in response to this information. ](/news/2015/12/24/australia-the-uk-france-and-the-united-states-all-issue-security-alerts-for-westerners-in-sanlitun-in-the-chaoyang-district-of-beijing.md) _Context: Australia, China, United Kingdom, United States_
2. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood.  ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: Australia, Brazil, United Kingdom, United States_
3. [Iran, the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Russia, People's Republic of China, Germany, and the European Union (the P5+1) reach a breakthrough agreement on the general framework for an agreement on Iran's nuclear program, but sign no verbal agreement or official document. The deadline for a full deal is June 30, 2015. ](/news/2015/04/2/iran-the-united-states-the-united-kingdom-france-russia-people-s-republic-of-china-germany-and-the-european-union-the-p5-1-reach-a.md) _Context: China, German, United Kingdom, United States_
4. [Representatives of six major world powers - China, France, Germany, United Kingdom, Russia and the United States - meet with Iranian officials to discuss the nation's nuclear program. ](/news/2013/02/26/representatives-of-six-major-world-powers-a-china-france-germany-united-kingdom-russia-and-the-united-states-a-meet-with-iranian-off.md) _Context: China, German, United Kingdom, United States_
5. [ The foreign ministers of the United Kingdom, United States, Germany, France, Russia and China agree to make a new offer to Iran over its nuclear program. ](/news/2008/05/2/the-foreign-ministers-of-the-united-kingdom-united-states-germany-france-russia-and-china-agree-to-make-a-new-offer-to-iran-over-its-nu.md) _Context: China, German, United Kingdom, United States_
6. [ Japan holds an international conference to push for the resumption of commercial whaling. Anti-whaling nations in the International Whaling Commission such as the United States, United Kingdom and Australia have boycotted the  conference. ](/news/2007/02/13/japan-holds-an-international-conference-to-push-for-the-resumption-of-commercial-whaling-anti-whaling-nations-in-the-international-whaling.md) _Context: Australia, Japan, United Kingdom, United States_
7. [American consumer goods company Post Holdings agrees to acquire British cereal maker Weetabix Limited from China's Bright Food for $1.8 billion. ](/news/2017/04/18/american-consumer-goods-company-post-holdings-agrees-to-acquire-british-cereal-maker-weetabix-limited-from-china-s-bright-food-for-1-8-bill.md) _Context: China, United Kingdom, United States_
8. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: China, United Kingdom, United States_
9. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: German, Japan, United Kingdom_
10. [Japan's prime minister Shinzo Abe says he is considering sending Japanese Navy warships to the South China Sea to back-up U.S. naval operations, saying, "With regard to activity by the Self-Defense Forces in the South China Sea, I will consider it while focusing on what effect the situation has on Japan's security." In response, China's Ministry of Foreign Affairs spokesperson, Hong Lei, told Chinese state media that China will remain on "high alert for intervention by Japan in the South China Sea issue". ](/news/2015/11/21/japan-s-prime-minister-shinza-abe-says-he-is-considering-sending-japanese-navy-warships-to-the-south-china-sea-to-back-up-u-s-naval-operat.md) _Context: China, Japan, United States_
