### [2009-04-13](/news/2009/04/13/index.md)

#  An unmanned Palestinian fishing vessel explodes near an Israeli Navy patrol in the Gaza Strip. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/latestCrisis/idUSLD629202)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israe.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation- with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaz.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Israel destroys the homes of three Palestinian terrorists. Rassen and Udai abu-Jamal who committed the 2014 Jerusalem synagogue attack and Moatez Hijazi who committed the excavator rampage in Jerusalem during the 2014 Israel-Gaza conflict. ](/news/2015/10/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-destroys-the-homes-of-three-palestinian-terrorists-rassen-and-udai-abu-jamal-who-committed-the-2014.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence. ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapse.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
5. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Palestinian militants fire 3 rockets into Israel during the night after several violent riots throughout Israel and the West Bank. ](/news/2015/10/10/israeli-palestinian-conflict-palestinian-militants-fire-3-rockets-into-israel-during-the-night-after-several-violent-riots-throughout-isr.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Israel deploys an extra 800 Israeli police officers as Palestinians call for a "day of rage" protests in Jerusalem over entry restrictions to Al-Aqsa mosque. A police vehicle in Jerusalem was attacked with assault rifle fire. ](/news/2015/09/18/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-deploys-an-extra-800-israeli-police-officers-as-palestinians-call-for-a-day-of-rage-protests-in-jer.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian_
7. [Israel revokes permits for 500 Palestinians from the Gaza Strip to enter Jerusalem for Friday prayers following a rocket attack on southern Israel. ](/news/2015/06/24/israel-revokes-permits-for-500-palestinians-from-the-gaza-strip-to-enter-jerusalem-for-friday-prayers-following-a-rocket-attack-on-southern.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Palestinian_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. Israeli forces kill a Palestinian and wound four others in three separate incidents of cross-border violence in the Gaza Strip ](/news/2013/12/20/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-forces-kill-a-palestinian-and-wound-four-others-in-three-separate-incidents-of-cross-border-violenc.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. Israeli warplanes strike targets in the Gaza Strip in response to rocket fire, the first air strikes launched by Israel since an informal ceasefire ended eight days of cross-border fighting between Israel and Hamas-ruled Gaza in November 2012. ](/news/2013/04/3/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-warplanes-strike-targets-in-the-gaza-strip-in-response-to-rocket-fire-the-first-air-strikes-launch.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict:. A rocket is fired from the Gaza Strip into Israel, marking the first such attack since a ceasefire was signed in November 2012. ](/news/2013/02/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-rocket-is-fired-from-the-gaza-strip-into-israel-marking-the-first-such-attack-since-a-ceasefire-was-sign.md) _Context: Gaza Strip, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
