### [2009-04-13](/news/2009/04/13/index.md)

#  The U.S. federal government will rescind travel and gift restrictions to Cuba. [http://www.miamiherald.com/news/politics/AP/story/997719.html "(Miami Herald)"]




### Related:

1. [The United States departments of Commerce and Treasury announce removal of a series of restrictions on Americans traveling to and doing business with Cuba effective September 21, 2015. The U.S. economic embargo, itself, remains in place until Congress acts. ](/news/2015/09/18/the-united-states-departments-of-commerce-and-treasury-announce-removal-of-a-series-of-restrictions-on-americans-traveling-to-and-doing-busi.md) _Context: Cuba, United States, United States embargo against Cuba_
2. [The United States and Cuba re-establish diplomatic relations after severing them 55 years ago. An American embassy will open in Havana and talks to lift the embargo will begin. ](/news/2014/12/17/the-united-states-and-cuba-re-establish-diplomatic-relations-after-severing-them-55-years-ago-an-american-embassy-will-open-in-havana-and-t.md) _Context: Cuba, United States, United States embargo against Cuba_
3. [Cuba - United States relations: A Cuban website questions the release of "Call of Duty: Black Ops", an American shooter video game in which United States forces try to murder Fidel Castro. ](/news/2010/11/11/cuba-a-united-states-relations-a-cuban-website-questions-the-release-of-call-of-duty-black-ops-an-american-shooter-video-game-in-whic.md) _Context: Cuba, Cuba - United States relations, United States_
4. [For the first time in 25 years, the United States abstains in a United Nations vote calling for an end to its Cuban economic embargo. ](/news/2016/10/26/for-the-first-time-in-25-years-the-united-states-abstains-in-a-united-nations-vote-calling-for-an-end-to-its-cuban-economic-embargo.md) _Context: Cuba, United States_
5. [The first commercial flight from the United States to Cuba since 1961 takes place as "JetBlue Flight 387" lands in Santa Clara, Villa Clara province, after a 51-minute flight from Fort Lauderdale, Florida. "JetBlue Flight 387" had 150 passengers, including United States Secretary of Transportation Anthony Foxx. ](/news/2016/08/31/the-first-commercial-flight-from-the-united-states-to-cuba-since-1961-takes-place-as-jetblue-flight-387-lands-in-santa-clara-villa-clara.md) _Context: Cuba, United States_
6. [Carnival Cruise Lines says it will postpone its first cruise in 50 years from the United States to Havana, if Cuba does not waive its rule and allow Cuban-Americans passengers. Current Cuban law does not allow those born on the island to return by sea. ](/news/2016/04/18/carnival-cruise-lines-says-it-will-postpone-its-first-cruise-in-50-years-from-the-united-states-to-havana-if-cuba-does-not-waive-its-rule-a.md) _Context: Cuba, United States_
7. [The United States and Cuba sign an agreement restoring commercial air traffic between the two countries for the first time in 50 years. The U.S. Department of Transportation immediately opened bidding for as many as 110 U.S.-Cuba flights per day to Havana and nine other destinations. Travel from the U.S. is permitted in 12 authorized categories, which does not include tourism. ](/news/2016/02/16/the-united-states-and-cuba-sign-an-agreement-restoring-commercial-air-traffic-between-the-two-countries-for-the-first-time-in-50-years-the.md) _Context: Cuba, United States_
8. [Government officials from Cuba and the U.S. met in Havana, beginning settlement discussions surrounding $1.9 billion worth of U.S. assets seized by Fidel Castro's regime in the early 1960s. By law, the United States embargo against Cuba cannot cease until settlements are made. [https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/the_americas/in-major-breakthrough-cuba-and-us-discuss-19billion-in-property-claims/2015/12/08/9bc2ced0-9d23-11e5-9ad2-568d814bbf3b_story.html "(Washington Post)"]](/news/2015/12/9/government-officials-from-cuba-and-the-u-s-met-in-havana-beginning-settlement-discussions-surrounding-1-9-billion-worth-of-u-s-assets-se.md) _Context: Cuba, United States embargo against Cuba_
9. [The United States and Cuba reach an understanding on restoring regularly scheduled commercial flights. Currently, the only option available is charter flights. ](/news/2015/12/16/the-united-states-and-cuba-reach-an-understanding-on-restoring-regularly-scheduled-commercial-flights-currently-the-only-option-available.md) _Context: Cuba, United States_
10. [U.S. and Cuban officials sign an environmental accord in Havana, the first such agreement since the countries renewed diplomatic relations this summer. ](/news/2015/11/18/u-s-and-cuban-officials-sign-an-environmental-accord-in-havana-the-first-such-agreement-since-the-countries-renewed-diplomatic-relations-t.md) _Context: Cuba, United States_
