### [2009-04-13](/news/2009/04/13/index.md)

#  United States Representative Donald M. Payne comes under mortar fire at Aden Adde International Airport in Somalia. [http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/africaandindianocean/somalia/5149000/US-congressman-comes-under-mortar-fire-as-he-leaves-Somalia.html "(Telegraph)"]




### Related:

1. [War in Somalia (2009-present): Mortar rounds are fired in a neighborhood in Wadajir District, Somalia, killing three civilians. Al-Shabaab is suspected of being behind the attack. ](/news/2017/04/7/war-in-somalia-2009-present-mortar-rounds-are-fired-in-a-neighborhood-in-wadajir-district-somalia-killing-three-civilians-al-shabaab.md) _Context: Mortar, Somalia_
2. [War in Somalia (2009-present): The United States is to deploy troops to Somalia for the first time since 1994 to help train the Somali Armed Forces in their conflict with al-Shabaab insurgents. ](/news/2017/04/14/war-in-somalia-2009-present-the-united-states-is-to-deploy-troops-to-somalia-for-the-first-time-since-1994-to-help-train-the-somali-arm.md) _Context: Somalia, United States_
3. [ War in Somalia: U.S. officials say unmanned airstrikes in southern Somalia killed about a dozen suspected militants from the al Qaeda-linked group al Shabaab on Monday and Tuesday. ](/news/2016/04/12/war-in-somalia-u-s-officials-say-unmanned-airstrikes-in-southern-somalia-killed-about-a-dozen-suspected-militants-from-the-al-qaeda-linke.md) _Context: Somalia, United States_
4. [War in Somalia (2009-present): A U.S. drone strike reportedly kills a key Al-Shabaab leader, Hassan Ali Dhoore, and two other militants, near the town of Jilib, Somalia, according to several U.S. officials. ](/news/2016/04/1/war-in-somalia-2009-present-a-u-s-drone-strike-reportedly-kills-a-key-al-shabaab-leader-hassan-ali-dhoore-and-two-other-militants-n.md) _Context: Somalia, United States_
5. [War in Somalia (2009-present): According to the Pentagon, more than 150 al-Shabaab fighters are reportedly killed Saturday by U.S. manned and unmanned aircraft strikes targeting a training camp near the central Somali town of Buloburde. ](/news/2016/03/7/war-in-somalia-2009-present-according-to-the-pentagon-more-than-150-al-shabaab-fighters-are-reportedly-killed-saturday-by-u-s-manned.md) _Context: Somalia, United States_
6. [The U.S. House of Representatives, defying a veto-threat by President Barack Obama, overwhelmingly passes legislation to suspend the Obama administration's program to admit 10,000 Syrian and Iraqi refugees into the country. The bill will now face a vote in the U.S. Senate. ](/news/2015/11/19/the-u-s-house-of-representatives-defying-a-veto-threat-by-president-barack-obama-overwhelmingly-passes-legislation-to-suspend-the-obama-a.md) _Context: United States, United States House of Representatives_
7. [A cache of classified intelligence documents published from The Intercept, released by an anonymous whistleblower, highlight details surrounding post-September 11 attacks United States drone strikes in Afghanistan, Somalia, and Yemen, alleging that the United States conducts these strikes under extremely unreliable information and faulty pretenses. ](/news/2015/10/15/a-cache-of-classified-intelligence-documents-published-from-the-intercept-released-by-an-anonymous-whistleblower-highlight-details-surroun.md) _Context: Somalia, United States_
8. [Following an unexpected primary loss to Dave Brat, United States House Representative Eric Cantor announces his intent to step down from his office as House Majority Leader. ](/news/2014/06/11/following-an-unexpected-primary-loss-to-dave-brat-united-states-house-representative-eric-cantor-announces-his-intent-to-step-down-from-his.md) _Context: United States, United States House of Representatives_
9. [An Ethiopian Air Force cargo plane carrying ammunition for international forces fighting Islamist militants in Somalia crashes and catches fire on landing at the Aden Adde International Airport in Mogadishu, killing four of the six crewmembers. ](/news/2013/08/9/an-ethiopian-air-force-cargo-plane-carrying-ammunition-for-international-forces-fighting-islamist-militants-in-somalia-crashes-and-catches-f.md) _Context: Aden Adde International Airport, Somalia_
10. [Seven U.S. Marines are killed and seven others are injured when a mortar explodes during a training exercise in the Hawthorne Army Depot in Hawthorne, Nevada, United States. ](/news/2013/03/18/seven-u-s-marines-are-killed-and-seven-others-are-injured-when-a-mortar-explodes-during-a-training-exercise-in-the-hawthorne-army-depot-in.md) _Context: Mortar, United States_
