### [2007-11-30](/news/2007/11/30/index.md)

#  A man takes hostages at U.S. Senator Hillary Clinton's campaign office in Rochester, New Hampshire. He has a package strapped to his chest. The siege ends at 6pm with his arrest. 

A man suspected of holding at least four people hostage at a campaign office of Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton in Rochester, N.H., is in custody.


### Source:

1. [Boston Channel](http://www.thebostonchannel.com/news/14737959/detail.html)
2. [NYT](http://www.nytimes.com/2007/11/30/us/30cnd-hostage.html?_r=1&hp=&adxnnl=1&oref=slogin&adxnnlx=1196465631-RWKROGqt43DANRYZ4uDAgw)
3. [WMUR-TV](http://www.wmur.com/news/14737868/detail.html)

### Related:

1. [Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders endorses Democratic Party rival Hillary Clinton for president at a rally in New Hampshire, effectively suspending his presidential campaign. ](/news/2016/07/12/vermont-senator-bernie-sanders-endorses-democratic-party-rival-hillary-clinton-for-president-at-a-rally-in-new-hampshire-effectively-suspen.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, New Hampshire_
2. [ United States voters go to the polls in the North Carolina and Indiana Democratic Party primaries. Illinois Senator Barack Obama wins North Carolina by 14 per cent while New York Senator Hillary Clinton narrowly wins  in Indiana. ](/news/2008/05/6/united-states-voters-go-to-the-polls-in-the-north-carolina-and-indiana-democratic-party-primaries-illinois-senator-barack-obama-wins-north.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, Senator_
3. [  West Virginia voters go to the polls in the Democratic Party primary to elect 28 delegates to the 2008 Democratic National Convention. New York Senator Hillary Clinton obtains a clear victory. [http://blog.washingtonpost.com/livecoverage/ (Washington Post)] Senator Clinton welcomes the vote in West Virginia as an "overwhelming vote of confidence" in her campaign.date=October 2012 date=October 2012](/news/2008/05/13/west-virginia-voters-go-to-the-polls-in-the-democratic-party-primary-to-elect-28-delegates-to-the-2008-democratic-national-convention-new.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, Senator_
4. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Illinois Senator Barack Obama wins the District of Columbia, Maryland  and Virginia Democratic primaries. Obama now leads Sen. Hillary Clinton in the delegate count for the first time since early in the campaign. ](/news/2008/02/12/united-states-presidential-election-2008-p-illinois-senator-barack-obama-wins-the-district-of-columbia-maryland-and-virginia-democratic.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, Senator_
5. [ United States presidential election, 2008: Voters in New Hampshire go to the polls for the first primary election to determine presidential nominees for the Democratic and Republican parties. New York Senator Hillary Clinton wins the Democratic primary. Arizona Senator John McCain wins the Republican primary. ](/news/2008/01/8/united-states-presidential-election-2008-p-voters-in-new-hampshire-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-primary-election-to-determine-presidentia.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton, New Hampshire_
6. [Donald Trump Jr. discloses emails in which he and Rob Goldstone discuss gathering opposition research against Hillary Clinton through a June 2016 meeting with Russian lawyer Natalia Veselnitskaya. ](/news/2017/07/11/donald-trump-jr-discloses-emails-in-which-he-and-rob-goldstone-discuss-gathering-opposition-research-against-hillary-clinton-through-a-june.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
7. [The former Democratic National Committee chair and ex-CNN contributor Donna Brazile admits that she had forwarded some debate questions to Hillary Clinton's campaign during last year's Democratic primary before two debates with Bernie Sanders. ](/news/2017/03/17/the-former-democratic-national-committee-chair-and-ex-cnn-contributor-donna-brazile-admits-that-she-had-forwarded-some-debate-questions-to-h.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
8. [A declassified U.S. intelligence report claims that Vladimir Putin ordered a campaign to influence the U.S. presidential election against Democratic Party candidate Hillary Clinton. ](/news/2017/01/6/a-declassified-u-s-intelligence-report-claims-that-vladimir-putin-ordered-a-campaign-to-influence-the-u-s-presidential-election-against-de.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
9. [United States presidential election and general elections, 2016Although he lost the popular vote, Donald Trump, the Republican nominee for the 2016 presidential election, becomes the president-elect of the United States after defeating Hillary Clinton, the Democratic nominee in the electoral college. It is the fifth time in United States history where the winning candidate lost the popular vote, the last such defeat occurring in 2000.The Republican Party retains control of the House and Senate. ](/news/2016/11/9/united-states-presidential-election-and-general-elections-2016palthough-he-lost-the-popular-vote-donald-trump-the-republican-nominee-for.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
10. [Voters in the United States go to the polls for a range of federal, state and local elections, including the highly publicized presidential election between major party nominees Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/11/8/voters-in-the-united-states-go-to-the-polls-for-a-range-of-federal-state-and-local-elections-including-the-highly-publicized-presidential.md) _Context: Hillary Clinton_
