### [2008-09-25](/news/2008/09/25/index.md)

#  Kgalema Motlanthe is sworn in as the third post-apartheid President of South Africa. 




### Source:

1. [AFP](http://www.afp.com/english/news/stories/newsmlmmd.f05a6c56658cfd31cf9eed3bf8163054.131.html)

### Related:

1. [The Parliament of South Africa announces it will debate a motion to impeach President Jacob Zuma this coming Tuesday. This comes after Zuma is facing mounting pressure when the Constitutional Court ruled that Zuma violated the constitution by using state funds to renovate his mansion. Yesterday, anti-apartheid veteran Ahmed Kathrada joined opposition leaders in calling for Zuma's resignation. ](/news/2016/04/3/the-parliament-of-south-africa-announces-it-will-debate-a-motion-to-impeach-president-jacob-zuma-this-coming-tuesday-this-comes-after-zuma.md) _Context: President of South Africa, apartheid_
2. [South Africa's governing party, the African National Congress, starts a 5-day conference where President Jacob Zuma faces a challenge from Deputy President Kgalema Motlanthe. ](/news/2012/12/16/south-africa-s-governing-party-the-african-national-congress-starts-a-5-day-conference-where-president-jacob-zuma-faces-a-challenge-from-d.md) _Context: Kgalema Motlanthe, President of South Africa_
3. [ South African President Jacob Zuma makes a pilgrimage to a former anti-apartheid guerrilla camp in Angola where he lays a wreath and pays tribute to fallen comrades. ](/news/2009/08/21/south-african-president-jacob-zuma-makes-a-pilgrimage-to-a-former-anti-apartheid-guerrilla-camp-in-angola-where-he-lays-a-wreath-and-pays-t.md) _Context: President of South Africa, apartheid_
4. [ Jailed policeman Eugene de Kock claims in an interview from prison that former South African President Frederik Willem de Klerk had hands "soaked in blood" and had ordered political killings and other crimes during the anti-apartheid conflict.  ](/news/2007/07/27/jailed-policeman-eugene-de-kock-claims-in-an-interview-from-prison-that-former-south-african-president-frederik-willem-de-klerk-had-hands.md) _Context: President of South Africa, apartheid_
5. [President of South Africa Jacob Zuma fires finance minister Pravin Gordhan amid a major cabinet reshuffle. The South African rand plunges. ](/news/2017/03/31/president-of-south-africa-jacob-zuma-fires-finance-minister-pravin-gordhan-amid-a-major-cabinet-reshuffle-the-south-african-rand-plunges.md) _Context: President of South Africa_
6. [With more than half the vote counted, the ruling African National Congress (ANC) is ahead on 53.2 percent of the vote which, if this trend continues,  will be the first election since the end of apartheid in 1994 that the ANC receives less than 60 percent.   The opposition Democratic Alliance, with about 28 percent of the vote nationally, has gained the lead in three major cities:  Pretoria, Johannesburg, and Port Elizabeth. Final results are expected Friday. ](/news/2016/08/4/with-more-than-half-the-vote-counted-the-ruling-african-national-congress-anc-is-ahead-on-53-2-percent-of-the-vote-which-if-this-trend-c.md) _Context: apartheid_
7. [Following a South African Constitutional Court order, the National Treasury reports President Jacob Zuma should pay back $500,000, the public funds spent upgrading his private residence. ](/news/2016/06/28/following-a-south-african-constitutional-court-order-the-national-treasury-reports-president-jacob-zuma-should-pay-back-500-000-the-publi.md) _Context: President of South Africa_
8. [The South African Parliament debates a minority motion to impeach President Jacob Zuma following last week's Constitutional Court judgment that Zuma had violated the constitution in a spending scandal involving the president's private home. The African National Congress has a 249 - 151 majority, making this motion's chance of gaining a two-thirds majority unlikely. ](/news/2016/04/5/the-south-african-parliament-debates-a-minority-motion-to-impeach-president-jacob-zuma-following-last-week-s-constitutional-court-judgment-t.md) _Context: President of South Africa_
9. [A court in South Africa rules that the decision in 2009 to drop over 750 corruption charges against President Jacob Zuma was irrational and called for a review of them. However, the court ruling does not automatically reinstate the charges against Zuma as a legal team must be set up to decide on whether to charge him or not. ](/news/2016/04/29/a-court-in-south-africa-rules-that-the-decision-in-2009-to-drop-over-750-corruption-charges-against-president-jacob-zuma-was-irrational-and.md) _Context: President of South Africa_
10. [President Jacob Zuma survives a no-confidence vote in the South African Parliament in response to corruption allegations against him. ](/news/2016/03/1/president-jacob-zuma-survives-a-no-confidence-vote-in-the-south-african-parliament-in-response-to-corruption-allegations-against-him.md) _Context: President of South Africa_
