### [2016-04-27](/news/2016/04/27/index.md)

# An Iranian asylum seeker self-immolates himself in Nauru to protest Australia's treatment of refugees. The protest coincides with a visit by representatives from the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees to the island. Instead of admitting refugees into the country, Australia has been sending them to Nauru or Papua New Guinea. 

An Iranian asylum seeker being held on Nauru is in a critical condition after setting himself alight, the Nauru government says.


### Source:

1. [Radio New Zealand](http://www.radionz.co.nz/international/pacific-news/302485/burnt-iranian-in-critical-condition-on-nauru)

### Related:

1. [A Somali asylum seeker sets herself alight in Nauru to protest her detention on the island by Australia, one week after an Iranian asylum seeker did the same thing. ](/news/2016/05/2/a-somali-asylum-seeker-sets-herself-alight-in-nauru-to-protest-her-detention-on-the-island-by-australia-one-week-after-an-iranian-asylum-se.md) _Context: Australia, Iran, Nauru, sets herself alight_
2. [Australia and the United States reach a deal to relocate asylum seekers from Nauru and Papua New Guinea's Manus Island to the U.S. ](/news/2016/11/13/australia-and-the-united-states-reach-a-deal-to-relocate-asylum-seekers-from-nauru-and-papua-new-guinea-s-manus-island-to-the-u-s.md) _Context: Australia, Nauru, Papua New Guinea_
3. [Australian Immigration Minister Peter Dutton says Australia and Papua New Guinea will hold emergency talks next week about asylum seekers Australia has been holding on PNG's Los Negros Island in Manus Province. Tuesday, the Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea ruled this detention is illegal, and ordered the PNG and Australian governments to immediately take steps to end it. An Iranian refugee detainee remains in critical condition after setting himself on fire yesterday to protest Australia's treatment of refugees while the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees was visiting the island. ](/news/2016/04/28/australian-immigration-minister-peter-dutton-says-australia-and-papua-new-guinea-will-hold-emergency-talks-next-week-about-asylum-seekers-au.md) _Context: Australia, Papua New Guinea, United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees_
4. [Iranian-born Australian politician Sam Dastyari pledges his support for China's position in the dispute. ](/news/2016/09/1/iranian-born-australian-politician-sam-dastyari-pledges-his-support-for-china-s-position-in-the-dispute.md) _Context: Australia, Iran_
5. [The governments of Papua New Guinea and Australia confirm that the Manus Regional Processing Centre will close following a ruling by the Supreme Court of Papua New Guinea. ](/news/2016/08/17/the-governments-of-papua-new-guinea-and-australia-confirm-that-the-manus-regional-processing-centre-will-close-following-a-ruling-by-the-sup.md) _Context: Australia, Papua New Guinea_
6. [Head of Australia's Department of Immigration Mike Pezzullo denies that the detention centre for asylum seekers on Manus Island must be closed. He said there was no crisis that required any closure of the centre despite Papua New Guinea's Supreme Court ruling it to be unconstitutional and ordering the release of the detainees. ](/news/2016/05/6/head-of-australia-s-department-of-immigration-mike-pezzullo-denies-that-the-detention-centre-for-asylum-seekers-on-manus-island-must-be-clos.md) _Context: Australia, Papua New Guinea_
7. [New Zealand Prime Minister John Key says his country is willing to accept some asylum seekers from the Middle East and Asia, currently in detention camps on impoverished Pacific island nations. Presently, 267 refugees in Australia for medical treatment, some accompanied by a relative, are set to be returned to Nauru's detention camp. Australia is hesitant about the offer, concerned that it could encourage people smugglers. ](/news/2016/02/19/new-zealand-prime-minister-john-key-says-his-country-is-willing-to-accept-some-asylum-seekers-from-the-middle-east-and-asia-currently-in-de.md) _Context: Australia, Nauru_
8. [Australia is to send refugees from Nauru and Manus Island to the Philippines. ](/news/2015/10/9/australia-is-to-send-refugees-from-nauru-and-manus-island-to-the-philippines.md) _Context: Australia, Nauru_
9. [The government of Nauru announces that the Nauru Detention Centre will become an "open facility" where people seeking asylum in Australia will be able to move freely around the island. ](/news/2015/10/5/the-government-of-nauru-announces-that-the-nauru-detention-centre-will-become-an-open-facility-where-people-seeking-asylum-in-australia-wi.md) _Context: Australia, Nauru_
10. [The small Pacific state of Nauru has run out of money following a legal dispute in Australia. ](/news/2014/09/26/the-small-pacific-state-of-nauru-has-run-out-of-money-following-a-legal-dispute-in-australia.md) _Context: Australia, Nauru_
