### [2016-04-27](/news/2016/04/27/index.md)

# Belgian prosecutors hand over Salah Abdeslam, a key suspect in the November 2015 Paris attacks, to French authorities. 




### Source:

1. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/belgian-prosecutors-hand-over-key-suspect-in-paris-attacks/2016/04/27/0f064ca8-0c52-11e6-8ab8-9ad050f76d7d_story.html?wpisrc=al_alert-national)

### Related:

1. [French intelligence services are reportedly operating under the theory that Paris-attacks suspect Salah Abdeslam has escaped to Syria despite country-wide martial law in 3 different countries. ](/news/2015/11/30/french-intelligence-services-are-reportedly-operating-under-the-theory-that-paris-attacks-suspect-salah-abdeslam-has-escaped-to-syria-despit.md) _Context: French, November 2015 Paris Attacks, Salah Abdeslam_
2. [At least one person is killed after a group of armed men took people hostage in the northern French town of Roubaix near the Belgian border. The hostages are thought to be a bank director and his family. French police say the incident may be related to a robbery and not to the November 2015 attacks in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/24/at-least-one-person-is-killed-after-a-group-of-armed-men-took-people-hostage-in-the-northern-french-town-of-roubaix-near-the-belgian-border.md) _Context: Belgium, French, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
3. [Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-berlin-to-discuss-the-consequences-of-the-united-kin.md) _Context: Belgium, French_
4. [Aftermath of the Six people are arrested in Belgium including:Mohamed Abrini, wanted in connection with the 2015 Paris attacks, is arrested in Belgium. ](/news/2016/04/8/aftermath-of-the-six-people-are-arrested-in-belgium-including-pmohamed-abrini-wanted-in-connection-with-the-2015-paris-attacks-is-arrested.md) _Context: Belgium, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
5. [  Belgium federal prosecutors say two more men have been charged with terrorist offenses linked to last month's Brussels bombing. Also, three people connected to the last year's Paris attacks are in custody. ](/news/2016/04/12/belgium-federal-prosecutors-say-two-more-men-have-been-charged-with-terrorist-offenses-linked-to-last-month-s-brussels-bombing-also-thre.md) _Context: Belgium, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
6. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement  that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: Belgium, French_
7. [Salah Abdeslam, the alleged suspect and primary perpetrator of the November 2015 Paris attacks is shot and arrested by Belgian authorities in a Brussels raid. ](/news/2016/03/18/salah-abdeslam-the-alleged-suspect-and-primary-perpetrator-of-the-november-2015-paris-attacks-is-shot-and-arrested-by-belgian-authorities-i.md) _Context: November 2015 Paris Attacks, Salah Abdeslam_
8. [Belgian security forces hunt gunmen linked to the November 2015 Paris attacks following a raid on a house in Brussels which left four officers wounded and one suspect dead after an exchange of gunfire. Roads have been blocked off in the Belgian capital's southern suburb of Forest as one or more gunmen remain at large. ](/news/2016/03/15/belgian-security-forces-hunt-gunmen-linked-to-the-november-2015-paris-attacks-following-a-raid-on-a-house-in-brussels-which-left-four-office.md) _Context: Belgium, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
9. [Christiane Taubira, differing with President Francois Hollande concerning  pending terrorist/citizenship legislation, resigns as the Minister of Justice in France. ](/news/2016/01/27/christiane-taubira-differing-with-president-franassois-hollande-concerning-pending-terrorist-citizenship-legislation-resigns-as-the-minist.md) _Context: French, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
10. [Voters in France begin voting in the first round of regional elections just three weeks after the deadly Islamic State militant attacks in Paris. Exit polls show strong gains for the far-right National Front  which is leading in six regions and reshape the political landscape after decades of domination by the centre-left and the centre-right coalitions. Midday voter participation is 16.27 percent, marginally higher than five years ago. There are 44.6 million eligible voters. ](/news/2015/12/6/voters-in-france-begin-voting-in-the-first-round-of-regional-elections-just-three-weeks-after-the-deadly-islamic-state-militant-attacks-in-p.md) _Context: French, November 2015 Paris Attacks_
