### [2016-04-27](/news/2016/04/27/index.md)

# Bradford West MP Naz Shah is suspended from the opposition Labour Party over comments she made on Facebook about Israel. 

Labour suspends MP Naz Shah over a Facebook post suggesting Israel should be moved to America.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-politics-36148704)

### Related:

1. [ Labour Party MP Jo Cox dies at Leeds General Infirmary after being shot and stabbed  as she prepared to hold a meeting with constituents in Birstall, West Yorkshire, United Kingdom.  A woman suffered serious injuries; a man was slightly wounded. West Yorkshire police have arrested a 52-year-old male suspect. ](/news/2016/06/16/labour-party-mp-jo-cox-dies-at-leeds-general-infirmary-after-being-shot-and-stabbed-as-she-prepared-to-hold-a-meeting-with-constituents-in.md) _Context: British MP, Labour_
2. [U.K. Prime Minister David Cameron, despite deep uncertainty over how many Labour MPs will back him, is planning to stage a parliamentary vote on British military action against ISIL in Syria this week. ](/news/2015/11/28/u-k-prime-minister-david-cameron-despite-deep-uncertainty-over-how-many-labour-mps-will-back-him-is-planning-to-stage-a-parliamentary-vot.md) _Context: British MP, Labour_
3. [Former Israeli soldier Eden Aberjil is criticized for her Facebook images of herself smiling with blindfolded and bound Palestinian prisoners. ](/news/2010/08/17/former-israeli-soldier-eden-aberjil-is-criticized-for-her-facebook-images-of-herself-smiling-with-blindfolded-and-bound-palestinian-prisoner.md) _Context: Facebook, Inc., Israel_
4. [An Israeli raid on the West Bank is aborted after a soldier posts the following secret details on Facebook: "On Wednesday we are cleaning Qatanna, and on Thursday, God willing, going home". ](/news/2010/03/3/an-israeli-raid-on-the-west-bank-is-aborted-after-a-soldier-posts-the-following-secret-details-on-facebook-on-wednesday-we-are-cleaning-qa.md) _Context: Facebook, Inc., Israel_
5. [A shooting  at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's  Al-Aqsa Mosque. ](/news/2017/07/23/a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordanian-wounded-there-is.md) _Context: Israel_
6. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel_
7. [Israel arrests Palestinian lawmaker Khalida Jarrar over allegations of her inciting of violence. ](/news/2017/07/2/israel-arrests-palestinian-lawmaker-khalida-jarrar-over-allegations-of-her-inciting-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel_
8. [Polls open in the United Kingdom, with Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn and incumbent Theresa May of the Conservatives battling in a tight race, according to final opinion polling, to become prime minister. ](/news/2017/06/8/polls-open-in-the-united-kingdom-with-labour-leader-jeremy-corbyn-and-incumbent-theresa-may-of-the-conservatives-battling-in-a-tight-race.md) _Context: Labour_
9. [Facebook, Inc. announces that its social media service now has  2 billion regular users, more than a quarter of the world's population. Twitter, by comparison, has 328 million users as of April 2017. ](/news/2017/06/27/facebook-inc-announces-that-its-social-media-service-now-has-2-billion-regular-users-more-than-a-quarter-of-the-world-s-population-twit.md) _Context: Facebook, Inc._
10. [Israel strikes two Syrian Army artillery positions and an ammunition truck in Quneitra Governorate, after stray shells from Syria land in the northern Golan Heights for a second day in a row. ](/news/2017/06/25/israel-strikes-two-syrian-army-artillery-positions-and-an-ammunition-truck-in-quneitra-governorate-after-stray-shells-from-syria-land-in-th.md) _Context: Israel_
