### [2016-04-27](/news/2016/04/27/index.md)

# German Chancellor Angela Merkel's office confirms German Federal Intelligence Service President Gerhard Schindler will be replaced by Bruno Kahl. Schindler has been widely criticized following the disclosure his agency spied for the U.S. National Security Agency. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-36148107)

### Related:

1. [Angela Merkel, the Chancellor of Germany, says that if allegations that a German intelligence officer was working for the United States are true, it would be a "clear contradiction" of trust between allies. ](/news/2014/07/7/angela-merkel-the-chancellor-of-germany-says-that-if-allegations-that-a-german-intelligence-officer-was-working-for-the-united-states-are.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German Chancellor, United States_
2. [Germany summons the United States Ambassador over claims that the US monitored Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel's mobile phone. ](/news/2013/10/24/germany-summons-the-united-states-ambassador-over-claims-that-the-us-monitored-chancellor-of-germany-angela-merkel-s-mobile-phone.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German Chancellor, United States_
3. [War in Donbass. German Chancellor Angela Merkel invites the presidents of Russia, Ukraine, and France to meet tomorrow in Berlin to discuss peace efforts in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2016/10/18/war-in-donbass-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-invites-the-presidents-of-russia-ukraine-and-france-to-meet-tomorrow-in-berlin-to-discuss.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German Chancellor_
4. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union. European Union leaders advise the United Kingdom that, after their EU exit, to retain access to the bloc's lucrative single market, the UK must allow free movement for EU workers. German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande reiterated that freedom of movement of EU citizens is non-negotiable. ](/news/2016/06/29/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-european-union-leaders-advise-the-united-kingdom-that-after-their-eu-exit-to-retain-acc.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German Chancellor_
5. [European migrant crisis. German Chancellor Angela Merkel, European Council President Donald Tusk, and European Commission Vice-President Frans Timmermans meet with Syrian refugees at a camp in the southeastern Turkish town of Nizip prior to talks with a delegation led by Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu. Davutoglu stresses the importance of implementation of European Union visa liberalization for Turkish citizens in assuring the success of Europe's migrant readmission agreement with his country. Tusk announces that the EU will spend 1 billion euros ($1.1 billion) this summer on projects to improve the lives of Syrian migrants. ](/news/2016/04/23/european-migrant-crisis-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-european-council-president-donald-tusk-and-european-commission-vice-president-fra.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German Chancellor_
6. [European migration crisis. On the eve of the Christian Democratic Union (CDU) party's convention in Karlsruhe, Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel says, "We want to noticeably reduce the number of people who come to us, but not through unilateral national measures alone." She acknowledges the crisis could overwhelm Germany if it went on much longer. Merkel warded off pressure from immigration skeptics within the CDU to include a quota in the refugee policy motion the convention will vote on. ](/news/2015/12/13/european-migration-crisis-on-the-eve-of-the-christian-democratic-union-cdu-party-s-convention-in-karlsruhe-chancellor-of-germany-angela.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German Chancellor_
7. [Federal district court judge Richard Leon rules the National Security Agency-s bulk collection of U.S. phone records is unconstitutional. This ruling has limited impact since it applies to only one case, and the NSA is scheduled to replace this protocol with a more targeted system the end of this month. ](/news/2015/11/9/federal-district-court-judge-richard-leon-rules-the-national-security-agency-s-bulk-collection-of-u-s-phone-records-is-unconstitutional.md) _Context: National Security Agency, United States_
8. [European migrant crisis. German Chancellor Angela Merkel announces a plan to register and distribute incoming refugees evenly throughout the European Union. Refugees would be stopped at EU borders, have their application processed, and then, if accepted, sent to one of the Union's 28 member states. ](/news/2015/11/3/european-migrant-crisis-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-announces-a-plan-to-register-and-distribute-incoming-refugees-evenly-throughout-the.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German Chancellor_
9. [European migrant crisis. German Chancellor Angela Merkel asserts she still isn't prepared to name an upper limit to the number of refugees who can come to Germany, despite mounting domestic political pressure. ](/news/2015/11/13/european-migrant-crisis-german-chancellor-angela-merkel-asserts-she-still-isn-t-prepared-to-name-an-upper-limit-to-the-number-of-refugees-w.md) _Context: Angela Merkel, German Chancellor_
10. [The United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia suspends district court judge Richard Leon's ruling yesterday that found the U.S. National Security Agency's phone data collection program is unconstitutional. Leon's decision barred the agency from further collection of data on the plaintiffs in the case -- California attorney J.J. Little and his law firm -- but did not have sufficient authority to outlaw the practice against all Americans. The government plea for the injunction said it will take "at least several weeks" for the NSA to implement a technical change that would prevent collection of Little's data and therefore the entire program would have to shut down early based on Leon's order. ](/news/2015/11/10/the-united-states-court-of-appeals-for-the-district-of-columbia-suspends-district-court-judge-richard-leon-s-ruling-yesterday-that-found-the.md) _Context: National Security Agency, United States_
