### [2016-04-27](/news/2016/04/27/index.md)

# Iraqi Civil War. Senior Kurdish and Shi'ite Muslim leaders agree to withdraw from Tuz Khurmato, Iraq, where recent violence has killed more than 10 people. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-iraq-withdraw-idUSKCN0XO2EW)

### Related:

1. [Violence erupts at a protest rally in Baghdad, Iraq, killing at least four protesters and one police officer. Thousands of supporters of Shia cleric Muqtada al-Sadr gathered in the capital to demand an overhaul of the country's electoral system. ](/news/2017/02/11/violence-erupts-at-a-protest-rally-in-baghdad-iraq-killing-at-least-four-protesters-and-one-police-officer-thousands-of-supporters-of-shi.md) _Context: Iraq, Shi'ite_
2. [The Iraqi parliament passes a law recognizing Shia paramilitary units as a government entity, complete with salaries and pensions that mirror those of the military and the police. ](/news/2016/11/26/the-iraqi-parliament-passes-a-law-recognizing-shia-paramilitary-units-as-a-government-entity-complete-with-salaries-and-pensions-that-mirro.md) _Context: Iraq, Shi'ite_
3. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). November 2016 Hillah suicide truck bombing. At least 80 Shia pilgrims are killed in a truck bomb attack in Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/11/24/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-november-2016-hillah-suicide-truck-bombing-at-least-80-shia-pilgrims-are-killed-in-a-truck-bomb-attack-in.md) _Context: Iraq, Shi'ite_
4. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). 2016 October Baghdad attacks. Attacks targeting a Shi'ite Muslim gathering, a police check-point, and the family of an anti-Islamic State Sunni paramilitary leader, kill at least 55 people in Iraq. ](/news/2016/10/15/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-2016-october-baghdad-attacks-attacks-targeting-a-shi-ite-muslim-gathering-a-police-check-point-and-the.md) _Context: Iraq, Shi'ite_
5. [Iraqi Civil War. Military intervention against ISIL. The United States announces it will be sending 560 more United States Armed Forces soldiers to Iraq to help fight against ISIL. ](/news/2016/07/11/iraqi-civil-war-military-intervention-against-isil-the-united-states-announces-it-will-be-sending-560-more-united-states-armed-forces-sold.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War_
6. [Iraqi Civil War. American-led intervention in Iraq. According to the United States Department of Defense, ISIL fighters killed a Navy SEAL near Erbil. The sailor was assisting Kurdish Peshmerga forces in repelling an attack on the area. The SEAL was later identified as Arizona native Charles Keating IV, the son of Charles Keating III, and the grandson of the convicted noted late financier Charles Keating Jr., who was embroiled in the 1980s savings and loan scandal. ](/news/2016/05/3/iraqi-civil-war-american-led-intervention-in-iraq-according-to-the-united-states-department-of-defense-isil-fighters-killed-a-navy-seal-n.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Iraqi Kurdistan_
7. [Iraqi civil war. Operation Breaking Terrorism. Iraqi security forces and Shiite Popular Mobilization Forces recapture Al-Karmah, about 16 kilometers (10 miles) northeast of Fallujah. ](/news/2016/05/26/iraqi-civil-war-operation-breaking-terrorism-iraqi-security-forces-and-shiite-popular-mobilization-forces-recapture-al-karmah-about-16-ki.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War, Shi'ite_
8. [ Iraqi civil war. Operation Breaking Terrorism. Siege of Fallujah (2016). Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi announces the start of a military operation to recapture Falluja from Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. ](/news/2016/05/22/iraqi-civil-war-operation-breaking-terrorism-siege-of-fallujah-2016-iraqi-prime-minister-haider-al-abadi-announces-the-start-of-a-mili.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War_
9. [ Iraqi Civil War. Two car bombs kill at least 32 people and wounded 75 others in Samawa, Iraq. Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/05/1/iraqi-civil-war-two-car-bombs-kill-at-least-32-people-and-wounded-75-others-in-samawa-iraq-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-r.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War_
10. [Iraqi Civil War. Two separate car bombs kill at least 12 people in Iraq's capital, Baghdad. The Islamic State claims responsibility for the blast at the security checkpoint in a northern district that killed nine and injured 28 others. Three people are killed and 11 injured at the second bombing in southern Baghdad that targeted an army convoy; no group has claimed responsibility. ](/news/2016/04/23/iraqi-civil-war-two-separate-car-bombs-kill-at-least-12-people-in-iraq-s-capital-baghdad-the-islamic-state-claims-responsibility-for-the.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Civil War_
