### [2016-04-27](/news/2016/04/27/index.md)

# Israeli forces kill two Palestinian assailants at a checkpoint in the West Bank. 

Israeli police shot dead a Palestinian woman and her teenage brother on Wednesday, saying they were armed with knives and tried to carry out an attack at a checkpoint in the occupied West Bank.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-israel-palestinians-idUSKCN0XO0YB)

### Related:

1. [A rock throwing 19-year old Palestinian is killed by IDF troops amid clashes in the West Bank village of Beit Rima. ](/news/2016/12/18/a-rock-throwing-19-year-old-palestinian-is-killed-by-idf-troops-amid-clashes-in-the-west-bank-village-of-beit-rima.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
2. [Faulty readings from a GPS system apparently resulted in two Israeli soldiers driving into the Qalandiya refugee camp in the occupied West Bank. Israeli forces sent in on a rescue mission, engaged armed Palestinians. One 22-year-old Palestinian man was killed with 10 others wounded, one seriously, in the ensuing gun battle. At least 10 Israeli soldiers were wounded. ](/news/2016/03/1/faulty-readings-from-a-gps-system-apparently-resulted-in-two-israeli-soldiers-driving-into-the-qalandiya-refugee-camp-in-the-occupied-west-b.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
3. [Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation" with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaza-will-fulfil-its-role-in-the-je.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
4. [Palestinian militants fire 3 rockets into Israel during the night after several violent riots throughout Israel and the West Bank. ](/news/2015/10/10/palestinian-militants-fire-3-rockets-into-israel-during-the-night-after-several-violent-riots-throughout-israel-and-the-west-bank.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
5. [The bodies of three kidnapped Israeli teenagers, including one with dual American citizenship, are found partially buried near Hebron on the West Bank. Shin Bet determined they were murdered shortly after being kidnapped, and is searching for two Hamas kidnappers and accomplices.](/news/2014/06/30/the-bodies-of-three-kidnapped-israeli-teenagers-including-one-with-dual-american-citizenship-are-found-partially-buried-near-hebron-on-the.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
6. [During the opening of the General Assembly of the United Nations, the President of the Palestinian National Authority, Mahmoud Abbas, makes a bid for UN recognition in a unilateral declaration of a Palestinian state, which would exist in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank, and have East Jerusalem as its capital. ](/news/2011/09/23/during-the-opening-of-the-general-assembly-of-the-united-nations-the-president-of-the-palestinian-national-authority-mahmoud-abbas-makes.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The Gaza Strip has been completely sealed off by Israel, following yesterday's events which saw the first major attacks by Palestinians on Israeli civilians since Mahmoud Abbas was elected, and followed several Israeli raids in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank. ](/news/2005/01/14/israeliapalestinian-conflict-the-gaza-strip-has-been-completely-sealed-off-by-israel-following-yesterday-s-events-which-saw-the-first-m.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel announces it will begin with temporarily providing social services such as education, healthcare, and licenses in the West Bank. The Israeli government claims the move is necessary to provide badly needed services to the Palestinian people in light of the Palestinian Authority's inability to do so. Palestinian officials claim the move is an attempt to undermine the legitimacy of the Palestinian Authority and tantamount to the reinstatement of the Israeli occupation that existed before the 1993 Oslo Accords.](/news/2002/12/26/israeliapalestinian-conflict-israel-announces-it-will-begin-with-temporarily-providing-social-services-such-as-education-healthcare-and.md) _Context: Israeli-Palestinian conflict, West Bank_
9. [Hamas, through Egyptian-mediated talks, agrees to dissolve its Gaza administration, hold talks with the Fatah West Bank government, and hold elections for a Palestinian unity government. ](/news/2017/09/17/hamas-through-egyptian-mediated-talks-agrees-to-dissolve-its-gaza-administration-hold-talks-with-the-fatah-west-bank-government-and-hold.md) _Context: West Bank_
10. [UNESCO declares the old city of Hebron and the Cave of the Patriarchs, both in the West Bank, as world heritage sites. ](/news/2017/07/7/unesco-declares-the-old-city-of-hebron-and-the-cave-of-the-patriarchs-both-in-the-west-bank-as-world-heritage-sites.md) _Context: West Bank_
