### [2016-04-27](/news/2016/04/27/index.md)

# The unrecognized House of Representatives, one of the rival governments based in eastern Libya, ships its first cargo of crude oil in defiance of the U.N.-backed authorities in the capital Tripoli in a move that could deepen divisions within the country. The Tripoli-based government asked the United Nations Security Council yesterday to blacklist the tanker. 

UN-backed authorities in Tripoli call for international help to apprehend the tanker Distya Ameya which made off with 650,000 barrels of crude


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/world/2016/apr/27/renegade-libyan-oil-shipment-sets-sail-at-behest-of-splinter-government)
1. [Cover Image](https://i.guim.co.uk/img/media/0edc47b721e29bcf4680ba8cdb983b4182e7cd98/0_0_3500_2101/3500.jpg?w=1200&amp;h=630&amp;q=55&amp;auto=format&amp;usm=12&amp;fit=crop&amp;crop=faces%2Centropy&amp;bm=normal&amp;ba=bottom%2Cleft&amp;blend64=aHR0cHM6Ly91cGxvYWRzLmd1aW0uY28udWsvMjAxNi8wNS8yNS9vdmVybGF5LWxvZ28tMTIwMC05MF9vcHQucG5n&amp;s=234c4ecdfe91950be72fac4299f367a7)

### Related:

1. [In response to the U.N.-backed Government of National Accord's plea, the United Nations Security Council blacklists the tanker shipping crude oil by the unrecognized rival House of Representatives government in eastern Libya. ](/news/2016/04/28/in-response-to-the-u-n-backed-government-of-national-accord-s-plea-the-united-nations-security-council-blacklists-the-tanker-shipping-crud.md) _Context: Council of Deputies, Government of National Accord, Libya, Libyan Civil War, United Nations, United Nations Security Council_
2. [An oil tanker, sent from Eastern Libya by a rival to the internationally recognized Government of National Accord, returns with its cargo to the refinery at Zawiya in western Libya. The United Nations blacklisted the shipment on Wednesday. ](/news/2016/05/1/an-oil-tanker-sent-from-eastern-libya-by-a-rival-to-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-national-accord-returns-with-its-cargo-to.md) _Context: Government of National Accord, Libya, Libyan Civil War, United Nations_
3. [The United States launches airstrikes on ISIL positions in the Libyan city of Sirte following a request from the UN-backed Government of National Accord. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj, in a televised address, says the strikes have caused "heavy ISIL losses". ](/news/2016/08/1/the-united-states-launches-airstrikes-on-isil-positions-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte-following-a-request-from-the-un-backed-government-of-nat.md) _Context: Government of National Accord, Libya, United Nations_
4. [The self-declared National Salvation government, one of the rival governments of Libya, resigns and gives up power to the UN-backed Libyan Presidential Council in Tripoli. ](/news/2016/04/6/the-self-declared-national-salvation-government-one-of-the-rival-governments-of-libya-resigns-and-gives-up-power-to-the-un-backed-libyan-p.md) _Context: Libya, Tripoli, United Nations_
5. [Rival governments in eastern and western Libya reach the initial phase of an agreement designed to foster elections that would bring about a single ruling entity in the North African country. The deal must be endorsed by the internationally-recognized government in Tobruk and the General National Congress in Tripoli. ](/news/2015/12/6/rival-governments-in-eastern-and-western-libya-reach-the-initial-phase-of-an-agreement-designed-to-foster-elections-that-would-bring-about-a.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, Tripoli_
6. [Delegates from Libya's warring factions sign a U.N.-brokered agreement to form a national unity government. Some of Libya's armed brigades are closely allied with political leaders who oppose this agreement. ](/news/2015/12/17/delegates-from-libya-s-warring-factions-sign-a-u-n-brokered-agreement-to-form-a-national-unity-government-some-of-libya-s-armed-brigades-a.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War, United Nations_
7. [The United Nations envoy to Libya, Abdul Ilah Khatib, arrives in Tripoli to try to negotiate a cease-fire between Muammar Gaddafi's forces and rebel fighters.](/news/2011/05/15/the-united-nations-envoy-to-libya-abdul-ilah-khatib-arrives-in-tripoli-to-try-to-negotiate-a-cease-fire-between-muammar-gaddafi-s-forces-a.md) _Context: Libya, Tripoli, United Nations_
8. [A motorcade carrying prime minister Fayez al-Sarraj of the internationally recognized Government of National Accord, is attacked by unidentified gunmen in Tripoli. There were no injuries reported. ](/news/2017/02/20/a-motorcade-carrying-prime-minister-fayez-al-sarraj-of-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-national-accord-is-attacked-by-unidenti.md) _Context: Government of National Accord, Tripoli_
9. [ At least eight are killed in clashes in Tripoli, Libya. ](/news/2016/12/2/at-least-eight-are-killed-in-clashes-in-tripoli-libya.md) _Context: Libya, Tripoli_
10. [The United Nations believes that at least 239 migrants drowned in shipwrecks near the coast of Libya. ](/news/2016/11/3/the-united-nations-believes-that-at-least-239-migrants-drowned-in-shipwrecks-near-the-coast-of-libya.md) _Context: Libya, United Nations_
