### [2016-04-27](/news/2016/04/27/index.md)

# The government of Austria passes a new law that restricts the right of asylum in the country and allows claimants to be rejected directly at the border, a move criticized by rights groups. Officials say they are also considering building a fence at the main border crossing with Italy at the Brenner Pass. 

The Austrian parliament passes a controversial new law restricting asylum rights and allowing most claimants to be rejected directly at the border.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-36152927)
1. [Cover Image](https://ichef-1.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/cpsprodpb/91C5/production/_89471373_89471264.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Austria plans to deploy soldiers on its border with Italy to stem an expected increase in migrants trying to get to northern Europe, according to Austrian Defence Minister Hans Peter Doskozil. "As the EU's external borders are not yet effectively protected, Austria will soon ramp up strict border controls. That means massive border controls on the Brenner Pass, and with soldiers," Doskozil told German daily newspaper "Die Welt". ](/news/2016/04/2/austria-plans-to-deploy-soldiers-on-its-border-with-italy-to-stem-an-expected-increase-in-migrants-trying-to-get-to-northern-europe-accordi.md) _Context: Austria, Brenner Pass, European migrant crisis, Italy_
2. [An Italian prosecutor says there are "telephone calls" between people smugglers in Libya and some non-governmental organizations. Frontex, the European Border and Coast Guard Agency, says the practices amount to a "taxi service". One NGO says "more would die" if they were not there. ](/news/2017/04/23/an-italian-prosecutor-says-there-are-telephone-calls-between-people-smugglers-in-libya-and-some-non-governmental-organizations-frontex-t.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Italy_
3. [Ventimiglian police commander Giorgio Marenco says the more than 100 migrants who crashed the Italian border town's police barriers and entered France remain, under French police surveillance, outside the French Riviera town of Menton. ](/news/2016/08/5/ventimiglian-police-commander-giorgio-marenco-says-the-more-than-100-migrants-who-crashed-the-italian-border-town-s-police-barriers-and-ente.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Italy_
4. [More than 400 migrants, mostly from Somalia, drown in the Mediterranean Sea while traveling from Egypt to Italy. ](/news/2016/04/18/more-than-400-migrants-mostly-from-somalia-drown-in-the-mediterranean-sea-while-traveling-from-egypt-to-italy.md) _Context: European migrant crisis, Italy_
5. [Greece recalls its ambassador to Austria in response to Austria's hosting of a meeting with Balkan states, to which Greece was not invited, about European migrant crisis policies that would make it harder for migrants to head north across Europe. Greece's foreign ministry called the move an "unfriendly act." More than 100,000 migrants have entered the EU illegally so far in 2016, nearly all of them arriving in Greece. ](/news/2016/02/25/greece-recalls-its-ambassador-to-austria-in-response-to-austria-s-hosting-of-a-meeting-with-balkan-states-to-which-greece-was-not-invited.md) _Context: Austria, European migrant crisis_
6. [German Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere strongly criticizes Austria's decision to put a daily cap on the number of refugees the country can accept. Austria has set a limit of dealing with 80 asylum applications a day, while letting thousands of others transit to Germany. Maiziere said this sends "the wrong signal" and is "unacceptable". ](/news/2016/02/22/german-interior-minister-thomas-de-maizia-re-strongly-criticizes-austria-s-decision-to-put-a-daily-cap-on-the-number-of-refugees-the-country.md) _Context: Austria, European migrant crisis_
7. [Austria is to deploy its army on its borders with Germany and Slovenia in the wake of surging numbers of migrants entering the Central European country. ](/news/2016/01/16/austria-is-to-deploy-its-army-on-its-borders-with-germany-and-slovenia-in-the-wake-of-surging-numbers-of-migrants-entering-the-central-europ.md) _Context: Austria, European migrant crisis_
8. [Germany's refugee crisis coordinator Peter Altmaier says, in an interview with German magazine "Focus", that he and Austrian special minister Josef Ostermayer are working on a proposal for a common European asylum law. He added other countries such as France and The Netherlands would be approached soon. ](/news/2015/12/19/germany-s-refugee-crisis-coordinator-peter-altmaier-says-in-an-interview-with-german-magazine-focus-that-he-and-austrian-special-ministe.md) _Context: Austria, European migrant crisis_
9. [The southern German state of Bavaria threatens to take the Federal German government to court if it fails to take immediate steps to limit the flow of migrants to Germany. Over 200,000 migrants are estimated to have entered Germany since the beginning of September, the vast majority over the Austrian border into Bavaria. ](/news/2015/10/9/the-southern-german-state-of-bavaria-threatens-to-take-the-federal-german-government-to-court-if-it-fails-to-take-immediate-steps-to-limit-t.md) _Context: Austria, European migrant crisis_
10. [The German state of Bavaria plans "emergency measures" in response to the migrant crisis, including deporting migrants back to Austria and closing the border. An estimated 225,000 migrants have arrived in the southern German state in less than five weeks. ](/news/2015/10/8/the-german-state-of-bavaria-plans-emergency-measures-in-response-to-the-migrant-crisis-including-deporting-migrants-back-to-austria-and-c.md) _Context: Austria, European migrant crisis_
