
Formats: [HTML](/news/2016/04/27/the-u-s-military-warns-that-the-kabul-attack-network-comprised-of-fighters-from-various-jihadist-groups-such-as-the-taliban-and-haqqani-ne.html)  [JSON](/news/2016/04/27/the-u-s-military-warns-that-the-kabul-attack-network-comprised-of-fighters-from-various-jihadist-groups-such-as-the-taliban-and-haqqani-ne.json)  [XML](/news/2016/04/27/the-u-s-military-warns-that-the-kabul-attack-network-comprised-of-fighters-from-various-jihadist-groups-such-as-the-taliban-and-haqqani-ne.xml)  

### [2016-04-27](/news/2016/04/27/index.md)

##### War in Afghanistan
# The U.S. military warns that the Kabul Attack Network, comprised of fighters from various jihadist groups such as the Taliban and Haqqani networks, is planning attacks on people in the Parwan, Khost, Kabul, and Logar Provinces, Afghanistan, and asks for information from the Afghan public. 

The US military made an unusual public plea for information yesterday in its hunt for eight members of a terrorist network which is plotting attacks in four provinces in eastern Afghanistan. The organization, known as the Kabul Attack Network, is comprised of fighters from various jihadist groups operating in the country, and has endured for years. &quot;Insurgents from the Haqqani and Taliban networks are known to be planning attacks on the Afghan people in the Parwan, Khost, Kabul, and Logar Provinces, Afghanistan,&quot; US Forces Afghanistan, or USFOR-A, reported in a press release. USFOR-A identified the &quot;insurgents&quot; as Hayatullah, Mullah Mushfiq, Sangari, and Faruq from Parwan province; Tila Khan and Mansour from Khost; Hamdard-Hasib from Kabul; and Talha from Logar. Anyone with information on those individuals was encouraged to call 0702210396, USFOR-A said. Yesterday&#039;s call for information from USFOR-A followed a deadly suicide assault on a security installation in Kabul which took place


### Sources:

1. [The Long War Journal](http://www.longwarjournal.org/archives/2016/04/us-military-searches-for-kabul-attack-network-members.php)
1. [Cover Image](http://www.longwarjournal.org/wp-content/plugins/all-in-one-seo-pack/images/default-user-image.png)

### Changes:

1. [The U.S. military warns that the Kabul Attack Network, comprised of fighters from various jihadist groups such as the Taliban and Haqqani networks, is planning attacks on people in the Parwan, Khost, Kabul, and Logar Provinces, Afghanistan, and asks for information from the Afghan public. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-u-s-military-warns-that-the-kabul-attack-network-comprised-of-fighters-from-various-jihadist-groups-such-as-the-taliban-and-haqqani.md) _2017-08-25 03:45:29 (First version)_
2. [War in Afghanistan: The U.S. military warns that the Kabul Attack Network, comprised of fighters from various jihadist groups such as the Taliban and Haqqani networks, is planning attacks on people in the Parwan, Khost, Kabul, and Logar Provinces, Afghanistan, and asks for information from the Afghan public. ](/news/2016/04/27/war-in-afghanistan-the-u-s-military-warns-that-the-kabul-attack-network-comprised-of-fighters-from-various-jihadist-groups-such-as-the-ta.md) _2017-08-27 03:45:51 (Update)_
2. [The U.S. military warns that the Kabul Attack Network, comprised of fighters from various jihadist groups such as the Taliban and Haqqani networks, is planning attacks on people in the Parwan, Khost, Kabul, and Logar Provinces, Afghanistan, and asks for information from the Afghan public. ](/news/2016/04/27/the-u-s-military-warns-that-the-kabul-attack-network-comprised-of-fighters-from-various-jihadist-groups-such-as-the-taliban-and-haqqani-ne.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Six insurgents kill at least 18 people, including 4 Afghans and 14 foreigners, in a 13-hour gun battle. The Afghan Interior Ministry says that the siege ended when the last gunman was shot dead. NATO reports that "no foreign troops" died. The Taliban claim that they sent five suicide bombers armed with hand grenades and AK-47 assault rifles. The Afghan government blames the attack on the Pakistan-based Haqqani network. ](/news/2018/01/21/six-insurgents-kill-at-least-18-people-including-4-afghans-and-14-foreigners-in-a-13-hour-gun-battle-the-afghan-interior-ministry-says-th.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Haqqani network, Taliban_
2. [Taliban insurgents attack an Afghan military base in Mazar-e-Sharif, Balkh Province, killing more than 140 soldiers. It is said to be the deadliest attack of its kind ](/news/2017/04/21/taliban-insurgents-attack-an-afghan-military-base-in-mazar-e-sharif-balkh-province-killing-more-than-140-soldiers-it-is-said-to-be-the-de.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
3. [At least 10 people are killed by a pair of explosions in the Tsamkani District in the eastern Afghan province of Paktia. Spokesman Naqib Ahmad Atal says the Taliban are to blame. ](/news/2016/08/5/at-least-10-people-are-killed-by-a-pair-of-explosions-in-the-tsamkani-district-in-the-eastern-afghan-province-of-paktia-spokesman-naqib-ahm.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
4. [A suicide-bomb attack on a joint Afghan-U.S. patrol near Bagram Air Base in Afghanistan's Parwan Province, kills at least six U.S. soldiers and wounds another six. The Taliban's spokesman, Zabiullah Mujahid, claims responsibility for the attack in a message on Twitter. ](/news/2015/12/21/a-suicide-bomb-attack-on-a-joint-afghan-u-s-patrol-near-bagram-air-base-in-afghanistan-s-parwan-province-kills-at-least-six-u-s-soldiers.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Parwan, Taliban_
5. [ "The New York Times" reports the U.S. Navy covered up a Naval Criminal Investigative Service (NCIS) report on Afghan detainee abuses. The NCIS investigation found that Navy SEAL Team 2's abuse resulted in the death of a 24-year old married Afghan detainee with a new baby, and that the SEALs failed to restrain the Afghan Local Police's detainee abuses. This drove some previously cooperative Afghans to leave for Taliban-controlled areas, the "Times" reports. Their commander in Afghanistan recommended these men be forced out of the elite SEAL teams. Two of the SEALs and their lieutenant have since been promoted. Rachel E. VanLandingham, former United States Central Command's chief legal adviser on detainee and interrogation issues from 2006 to 2010, and other military lawyers, have called for the case to be reopened. ](/news/2015/12/17/the-new-york-times-reports-the-u-s-navy-covered-up-a-naval-criminal-investigative-service-ncis-report-on-afghan-detainee-abuses-the-n.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Taliban, War in Afghanistan_
