### [2011-12-21](/news/2011/12/21/index.md)

# John Terry, the captain of the England football team is to face criminal charges over allegations he used racist language towards a black player during a Premier League game. 

England captain John Terry is to face a criminal charge of using racist language towards fellow footballer Anton Ferdinand during a Premier League game.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-england-london-16284813)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/57511000/jpg/_57511395_57511394.jpg)

### Related:

1. [At least 11 people are killed and 16 others are injured after a gunman opens fire on football fans watching an English Premier League game near Juba, South Sudan. ](/news/2016/11/6/at-least-11-people-are-killed-and-16-others-are-injured-after-a-gunman-opens-fire-on-football-fans-watching-an-english-premier-league-game-n.md) _Context: English Premier League_
2. [France deports twenty Russian football fans including Alexander Shprygin, the leader of the All-Russia Supporters Union, following violence at the England-Russia match in Marseille. ](/news/2016/06/16/france-deports-twenty-russian-football-fans-including-alexander-shprygin-the-leader-of-the-all-russia-supporters-union-following-violence.md) _Context: England_
3. [England international footballer Adam Johnson is sentenced to six years in prison for child grooming and child sexual activity. ](/news/2016/03/24/england-international-footballer-adam-johnson-is-sentenced-to-six-years-in-prison-for-child-grooming-and-child-sexual-activity.md) _Context: England_
4. [A former Premier League football youth star is jailed for life with a minimum term of 10 years after being convicted of murdering his girlfriend, who sustained at least 60 stab wounds to the head and body. ](/news/2012/09/7/a-former-premier-league-football-youth-star-is-jailed-for-life-with-a-minimum-term-of-10-years-after-being-convicted-of-murdering-his-girlfr.md) _Context: English Premier League_
5. [UK government ministers announce their intention to boycott group games involving the England national football team at UEFA Euro 2012 in Ukraine. ](/news/2012/06/7/uk-government-ministers-announce-their-intention-to-boycott-group-games-involving-the-england-national-football-team-at-uefa-euro-2012-in-uk.md) _Context: England_
6. [Marcus Robinson, due to have been executed in 2007, is ordered off death row after North Carolina Superior Court Judge Gregory Weeks rules his trial was tainted by racial bias, grounds for cancellation of a death sentence under the state's Racial Justice Act. The judge used controversial statistical evidence of bias to grant the change of sentence. ](/news/2012/04/20/marcus-robinson-due-to-have-been-executed-in-2007-is-ordered-off-death-row-after-north-carolina-superior-court-judge-gregory-weeks-rules-h.md) _Context: racial bias_
7. [The European Court of Justice rules against "the imposition of national borders to sell broadcasting rights on a territory-by-territory basis", as this is in contravention of EU laws on free trade. It would allow members of the public to seek cheaper providers of Premier League football, whilst finding against a landlady who used Greek television to show live football in her public house. ](/news/2011/10/4/the-european-court-of-justice-rules-against-the-imposition-of-national-borders-to-sell-broadcasting-rights-on-a-territory-by-territory-basi.md) _Context: English Premier League_
8. [Hundreds of Twitter users post the name of an English Premier League footballer who won a superinjunction to stop details of his affair going public, in protest at the player's attempts to sue the social networking site. ](/news/2011/05/21/hundreds-of-twitter-users-post-the-name-of-an-english-premier-league-footballer-who-won-a-superinjunction-to-stop-details-of-his-affair-goin.md) _Context: English Premier League_
9. [A new Premier League scoring record is set with 41 goals scored in 8 matches.League leaders Manchester United are stunned 2-1 by last-place Wolverhampton Wanderers, ending United's 29-match unbeaten streak in Premiership play.Second-place Arsenal become the first team since the establishment of the Premier League in 1992 to blow a 4-0 lead, as Newcastle United storm back to draw 4-4.](/news/2011/02/5/a-new-premier-league-scoring-record-is-set-with-41-goals-scored-in-8-matches-league-leaders-manchester-united-are-stunned-2a1-by-last-plac.md) _Context: English Premier League_
10. [U.S. Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack Wednesday apologizes to Shirley Sherrod for firing her over a heavily-edited video tape of a speech, circulated by Tea Party activists, which alleged that Sherrod's actions were the result of racism, and offers her an official job. ](/news/2010/07/22/u-s-agriculture-secretary-tom-vilsack-wednesday-apologizes-to-shirley-sherrod-for-firing-her-over-a-heavily-edited-video-tape-of-a-speech.md) _Context: racial bias_
