### [2011-12-21](/news/2011/12/21/index.md)

# Soyuz TMA-03M, launched from Baikonur, carries a crew of three men to the International Space Station. 

 PR 37 2011 - After their launch from Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan at 13:16 GMT (14:16 CET) today, ESA astronaut André Kuipers and crewmates Oleg Kononenko and Don Pettit are circling Earth every 90 minutes aboard the Soyuz TMA-3M spacecraft as they make their way to the Internationa&#8230;


### Source:

1. [ESA](http://www.esa.int/esaCP/SEMWT8BX9WG_index_0.html)

### Related:

1. [The Soyuz TMA-19M, consisting of Expedition 46 crew members Yuri Malenchenko (RSA), Timothy Kopra (NASA) and Tim Peake (ESA), launches from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan for the International Space Station (ISS) with Peake becoming the first Briton to represent the European Space Agency at the ISS. ](/news/2015/12/15/the-soyuz-tma-19m-consisting-of-expedition-46-crew-members-yuri-malenchenko-rsa-timothy-kopra-nasa-and-tim-peake-esa-launches-from.md) _Context: Baikonur Cosmodrome, International Space Station_
2. [Two Russian cosmonauts, Aleksandr Kaleri and Oleg Skripochka, and American astronaut Scott Kelly leave on mission Soyuz TMA-01M for the International Space Station from Kazakhstan's Baikonur Cosmodrome. ](/news/2010/10/8/two-russian-cosmonauts-aleksandr-kaleri-and-oleg-skripochka-and-american-astronaut-scott-kelly-leave-on-mission-soyuz-tma-01m-for-the-inte.md) _Context: Baikonur Cosmodrome, International Space Station_
3. [Soyuz TMA-18 is launched from the Baikonur Cosmodrome, carrying three members of the Expedition 23 crew of the International Space Station. ](/news/2010/04/2/soyuz-tma-18-is-launched-from-the-baikonur-cosmodrome-carrying-three-members-of-the-expedition-23-crew-of-the-international-space-station.md) _Context: Baikonur Cosmodrome, International Space Station_
4. [ International Space Station Expedition 19 launches aboard the Soyuz TMA-14 from Kazakhstan's Baikonur Cosmodrome. ](/news/2009/03/26/international-space-station-expedition-19-launches-aboard-the-soyuz-tma-14-from-kazakhstan-s-baikonur-cosmodrome.md) _Context: Baikonur Cosmodrome, International Space Station_
5. [ Soyuz TMA-6 lifts off at dawn from Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan carrying the Expedition 11 crew to the International Space Station. [http://www.foxnews.com/story/0,2933,153539,00.html (Fox News)] [http://news.yahoo.com/news?tmpl=story&u=/nm/20050415/wl_nm/space_russia_launch_dc (Yahoo! News)] (Link dead as of 02:40, 15 January 2007 (UTC))](/news/2005/04/15/soyuz-tma-6-lifts-off-at-dawn-from-baikonur-cosmodrome-in-kazakhstan-carrying-the-expedition-11-crew-to-the-international-space-station-h.md) _Context: Baikonur Cosmodrome, International Space Station_
6. [Peggy Whitson, commander of the International Space Station (ISS), breaks the record for most total days spent in space by any NASA astronaut, at more than 534 days. ](/news/2017/04/24/peggy-whitson-commander-of-the-international-space-station-iss-breaks-the-record-for-most-total-days-spent-in-space-by-any-nasa-astronau.md) _Context: International Space Station_
7. [SpaceX successfully places the SES-10 telecommunications satellite on a geostationary transfer orbit. The event is notable because of the implied economic cost savings of reusing, for the first time, a used Falcon 9 first stage which had previously been recovered. That first stage had previously launched a Dragon spacecraft to the International Space Station and landed on an autonomous drone ship during the CRS-8 mission. ](/news/2017/03/30/spacex-successfully-places-the-ses-10-telecommunications-satellite-on-a-geostationary-transfer-orbit-the-event-is-notable-because-of-the-im.md) _Context: International Space Station_
8. [NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough and ESA astronaut Thomas Pesquet take a spacewalk outside of the International Space Station to prepare the vessel for new arrivals. ](/news/2017/03/24/nasa-astronaut-shane-kimbrough-and-esa-astronaut-thomas-pesquet-take-a-spacewalk-outside-of-the-international-space-station-to-prepare-the-v.md) _Context: International Space Station_
9. [SpaceX successfully launches a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center, placing a Dragon spacecraft in orbit and recovering the launcher's first stage. The spacecraft will resupply the International Space Station.](/news/2017/02/19/spacex-successfully-launches-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-placing-a-dragon-spacecraft-in-orbit-and-recovering-the-launcher-s.md) _Context: International Space Station_
10. [SpaceX delays the launch of a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center in Florida due to a technical issue. The Falcon 9 will resupply the International Space Station. ](/news/2017/02/18/spacex-delays-the-launch-of-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-due-to-a-technical-issue-the-falcon-9-will-resupply-the.md) _Context: International Space Station_
