### [2005-04-12](/news/2005/04/12/index.md)

#  A 15-year Palestinian boy was caught in Hawara checkpoint (near Nablus), hiding five pipe bombs under his coat. He apparently tried to ignite them with a match when the soldiers apprehended him. Soldiers later pose for photographs with the boy. His brother says he did so in order to study for his high-school matriculation exams in an Israeli prison. 




### Related:

1. [ Israel arrests a 15-year-old Palestinian at a Hawara checkpoint, near Nablus, wearing a suicide bomb belt. ](/news/2005/05/22/israel-arrests-a-15-year-old-palestinian-at-a-hawara-checkpoint-near-nablus-wearing-a-suicide-bomb-belt.md) _Context: Hawara, Nablus, Palestinian_
2. [Palestinian rioters set fire to the building containing Joseph's Tomb in the West Bank city of Nablus causing heavy damage to the structure before the fire is put out. Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas condemns the attack. ](/news/2015/10/16/palestinian-rioters-set-fire-to-the-building-containing-joseph-s-tomb-in-the-west-bank-city-of-nablus-causing-heavy-damage-to-the-structure.md) _Context: Nablus, Palestinian_
3. [ Israeli troops kill a Palestinian shopkeeper and seriously injure another in the West Bank town of Nablus. ](/news/2007/06/2/israeli-troops-kill-a-palestinian-shopkeeper-and-seriously-injure-another-in-the-west-bank-town-of-nablus.md) _Context: Nablus, Palestinian_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A Palestinian stone thrower is shot in the head and killed by Israeli troops raiding the West Bank city of Nablus. At least ten other Palestinians were injured by the IDF troops while two Israeli soldiers were injured by a bomb during the raid. ](/news/2005/12/13/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-palestinian-stone-thrower-is-shot-in-the-head-and-killed-by-israeli-troops-raiding-the-west-bank-city-of-na.md) _Context: Nablus, Palestinian_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A 37-year-old Palestinian mother of six is shot and killed after she stabbed and lightly injured a female Israel Defense Forces soldier at the Hawara roadblock south of Nablus. No militant group claimed the attack, but it is known that the woman's brother was killed by the IDF at the beginning of the Al-Aqsa Intifada. ](/news/2005/10/4/israeliapalestinian-conflict-a-37-year-old-palestinian-mother-of-six-is-shot-and-killed-after-she-stabbed-and-lightly-injured-a-female-i.md) _Context: Nablus, Palestinian_
6. [ Israeli soldiers catch a 15 year old Palestinian carrying two pipe bombs at a West Bank checkpoint. ](/news/2005/05/24/israeli-soldiers-catch-a-15-year-old-palestinian-carrying-two-pipe-bombs-at-a-west-bank-checkpoint.md) _Context: Palestinian, pipe bomb_
7. [An Israeli soldier is killed during a car ramming attack near Ofra, in the West Bank. Another Israeli soldier was injured. A Palestinian suspected of committing the attack is taken into custody. ](/news/2017/04/6/an-israeli-soldier-is-killed-during-a-car-ramming-attack-near-ofra-in-the-west-bank-another-israeli-soldier-was-injured-a-palestinian-sus.md) _Context: Palestinian_
8. [  A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-p.md) _Context: Palestinian_
9. [Israeli authorities shoot into a car that was on a ramming attack at a bus shelter at the Gush Etzion Junction in the West Bank where 13 Palestinians and 3 Israelis have been killed since October 2015. A 16-year-old Palestinian, Fatima Jibrin Taqatqa, had lost control of her car and the teenager now remains in critical condition. ](/news/2017/03/15/israeli-authorities-shoot-into-a-car-that-was-on-a-ramming-attack-at-a-bus-shelter-at-the-gush-etzion-junction-in-the-west-bank-where-13-pal.md) _Context: Palestinian_
10. [Israel suspends 83,000 entry permits for Palestinians for Ramadan following a mass shooting in downtown Tel Aviv that killed four and injured 17 people. ](/news/2016/06/9/israel-suspends-83-000-entry-permits-for-palestinians-for-ramadan-following-a-mass-shooting-in-downtown-tel-aviv-that-killed-four-and-injure.md) _Context: Palestinian_
