### [2005-04-12](/news/2005/04/12/index.md)

#  In Israel, Mordechai Vanunu is charged with 21 counts of violating the terms of his parole. 

Find late breaking world news from every corner of the globe at Reuters.com, your online source for international news coverage.


### Source:

1. [Arutz Sheva](http://www.israelnn.com/news.php3?id=80124)
2. [Ha'aretz](http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/564195.html)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?storyID=8158062&type=worldNews)

### Related:

1. [Mordechai Vanunu, the Israeli nuclear whistleblower who spent 18 years in prison, goes back to jail for violating the terms of his parole. ](/news/2010/05/23/mordechai-vanunu-the-israeli-nuclear-whistleblower-who-spent-18-years-in-prison-goes-back-to-jail-for-violating-the-terms-of-his-parole.md) _Context: Israel, Mordechai Vanunu, parole_
2. [The United States releases on parole convicted Israeli spy Jonathan Pollard, a former U.S. intelligence analyst, who served 30 years in federal prison. His parole, approved on July 28, 2015, is for five years  during which time he has to remain in the United States. A supporter said Pollard will have a curfew and will wear a GPS unit. ](/news/2015/11/20/the-united-states-releases-on-parole-convicted-israeli-spy-jonathan-pollard-a-former-u-s-intelligence-analyst-who-served-30-years-in-fede.md) _Context: Israel, parole_
3. [Israeli agent Jonathan Pollard, a former U.S. intelligence analyst convicted and sentenced to a life imprisonment for providing top secret classified information to Israel, will be released by the Obama Administration on parole tomorrow after serving 30 years in a U.S. federal prison. He will be given an ankle monitor while he completes five years of parole in America. ](/news/2015/11/19/israeli-agent-jonathan-pollard-a-former-u-s-intelligence-analyst-convicted-and-sentenced-to-a-life-imprisonment-for-providing-top-secret-c.md) _Context: Israel, parole_
4. [Mordechai Vanunu, who spoke about Israel's nuclear ambitions to ''The Sunday Times'' in 1986 and was referred to as a "prisoner of conscience" by Amnesty International after Israel imprisoned him for that action, is released from prison again after serving three months for meeting foreigners, including his Norwegian girlfriend, in 2007. He requests that he be allowed to leave Israel. ](/news/2010/08/8/mordechai-vanunu-who-spoke-about-israel-s-nuclear-ambitions-to-the-sunday-times-in-1986-and-was-referred-to-as-a-prisoner-of-conscienc.md) _Context: Israel, Mordechai Vanunu_
5. [ In Israel, Mordechai Vanunu appeals to the supreme court to order Shin Bet to release letters he wrote during his time in prison. Security service claims that the letters contain sensitive information ](/news/2005/06/23/in-israel-mordechai-vanunu-appeals-to-the-supreme-court-to-order-shin-bet-to-release-letters-he-wrote-during-his-time-in-prison-security.md) _Context: Israel, Mordechai Vanunu_
6. [ Israel extends the travel ban of Mordechai Vanunu. ](/news/2005/04/19/israel-extends-the-travel-ban-of-mordechai-vanunu.md) _Context: Israel, Mordechai Vanunu_
7. [A shooting at the Israeli embassy in Amman, Jordan, leaves one person, a Jordanian, dead, and an Israeli and a Jordanian wounded. There is speculation the attack may be linked to recent events at Jerusalem's  Al-Aqsa Mosque. Another Jordanian man was killed inadvertently. ](/news/2017/07/23/a-shooting-at-the-israeli-embassy-in-amman-jordan-leaves-one-person-a-jordanian-dead-and-an-israeli-and-a-jordanian-wounded-there-is-s.md) _Context: Israel_
8. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel_
9. [O. J. Simpson is granted parole by the Nevada Board of Parole Commissioners after spending nearly nine years in prison. ](/news/2017/07/20/o-j-simpson-is-granted-parole-by-the-nevada-board-of-parole-commissioners-after-spending-nearly-nine-years-in-prison.md) _Context: parole_
10. [Israel arrests Palestinian lawmaker Khalida Jarrar over allegations of her inciting of violence. ](/news/2017/07/2/israel-arrests-palestinian-lawmaker-khalida-jarrar-over-allegations-of-her-inciting-of-violence.md) _Context: Israel_
