### [2005-04-12](/news/2005/04/12/index.md)

#  Three British men are indicted by a United States court in a 2004 alleged plot to destroy financial institutions in the USA, including such notable landmarks as the New York Stock Exchange in New York City, the Prudential building in New Jersey, and the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund in Washington, D.C..  The U.S. claims that one is a senior Al-Qaeda member. 

Get the latest breaking news across the U.S. on ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://abcnews.go.com/US/wireStory?id=663216)
2. [Wired](http://wireservice.wired.com/wired/story.asp?section=Breaking&storyId=1017869&tw=wn_wire_story)

### Related:

1. [A group of United States mayors forms ''"Mayors Against Discrimination"'' in the wake of  recent discriminatory laws enacted  in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carol.md) _Context: American, New York City, Washington, D.C._
2. [Former British Foreign Secretary David Miliband confirms he is to resign as an MP and move to the United States to become head of the International Rescue Committee in New York. ](/news/2013/03/26/former-british-foreign-secretary-david-miliband-confirms-he-is-to-resign-as-an-mp-and-move-to-the-united-states-to-become-head-of-the-intern.md) _Context: American, New York City, United Kingdom_
3. [The United States commemorates the anniversary of the September 11 attacks with events in New York City, the Pentagon Memorial in Washington D.C. and in Shanksville, Pennsylvania, near where United Airlines Flight 93 crashed. ](/news/2010/09/11/the-united-states-commemorates-the-anniversary-of-the-september-11-attacks-with-events-in-new-york-city-the-pentagon-memorial-in-washington.md) _Context: American, New York City, Washington, D.C._
4. [Two men bound for Somalia to join an Islamic extremist group with links to Al-Qaeda are arrested at Kennedy International Airport, New York City, United States. ](/news/2010/06/6/two-men-bound-for-somalia-to-join-an-islamic-extremist-group-with-links-to-al-qaeda-are-arrested-at-kennedy-international-airport-new-york.md) _Context: American, New York City, al-Qaeda_
5. [The United States and United Kingdom close their embassies in Yemen, citing threats from Al-Qaeda. ](/news/2010/01/3/the-united-states-and-united-kingdom-close-their-embassies-in-yemen-citing-threats-from-al-qaeda.md) _Context: American, United Kingdom, al-Qaeda_
6. [ Dhiren Barot of London is convicted of conspiracy to murder for developing al-Qaeda plots to kill thousands of people in the United Kingdom and United States in the 2004 Financial buildings plot. ](/news/2006/11/7/dhiren-barot-of-london-is-convicted-of-conspiracy-to-murder-for-developing-al-qaeda-plots-to-kill-thousands-of-people-in-the-united-kingdom.md) _Context: American, United Kingdom, al-Qaeda_
7. [SpaceX CEO Elon Musk says he has received federal government approval for The Boring Company to build an underground 760mph Hyperloop that will connect New York City and Washington, D.C.. ](/news/2017/07/20/spacex-ceo-elon-musk-says-he-has-received-federal-government-approval-for-the-boring-company-to-build-an-underground-760mph-hyperloop-that-w.md) _Context: New York City, Washington, D.C._
8. [Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C.  A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in-the-first-global-robotics-co.md) _Context: American, Washington, D.C._
9. [Nobel Peace Laureate Liu Xiaobo, who has been incarcerated in China for organizing the pro-democracy manifesto "Charter 08," is suffering from late-stage liver cancer which is worsening. The Chinese hospital treating him and foreign doctors, who examined Liu the weekend, disagree on future treatment. Germany, the United States, UK, and other countries have appealed that Liu be allowed to go to the hospital of his choice. ](/news/2017/07/12/nobel-peace-laureate-liu-xiaobo-who-has-been-incarcerated-in-china-for-organizing-the-pro-democracy-manifesto-charter-08-is-suffering-fr.md) _Context: American, United Kingdom_
10. [American consumer goods company Post Holdings agrees to acquire British cereal maker Weetabix Limited from China's Bright Food for $1.8 billion. ](/news/2017/04/18/american-consumer-goods-company-post-holdings-agrees-to-acquire-british-cereal-maker-weetabix-limited-from-china-s-bright-food-for-1-8-bill.md) _Context: American, United Kingdom_
