### [2011-08-8](/news/2011/08/8/index.md)

# The High Court of Australia grants an injunction against the removal of asylum seekers to Malaysia until a full hearing later this month. 

The injunction preventing the removal of asylum seekers to Malaysia has been extended until there is a full hearing later this month.


### Source:

1. [ABC News](http://www.abc.net.au/news/2011-08-08/high-court-asylum-swap-decision/2829446?WT.mc_id=newsmail)

### Related:

1. [The High Court of Australia rules against plans by the government of Australia to send 800 asylum seekers to Malaysia. ](/news/2011/08/31/the-high-court-of-australia-rules-against-plans-by-the-government-of-australia-to-send-800-asylum-seekers-to-malaysia.md) _Context: High Court of Australia, Malaysia, asylum seeker_
2. [The foreign ministers of Indonesia, Malaysia and Thailand meet in Kuala Lumpur to discuss people smuggling and the migrant crisis. Malaysia and Indonesia agree to accept asylum seekers providing that they can be resettled or repatriated within a year. ](/news/2015/05/20/the-foreign-ministers-of-indonesia-malaysia-and-thailand-meet-in-kuala-lumpur-to-discuss-people-smuggling-and-the-migrant-crisis-malaysia.md) _Context: Malaysia, asylum seeker_
3. [The High Court of Australia finds that a group of 157 Sri Lankan asylum seekers were legally detained by Australian authorities at sea. The government acted lawfully and the group is not entitled to damages. ](/news/2015/01/28/the-high-court-of-australia-finds-that-a-group-of-157-sri-lankan-asylum-seekers-were-legally-detained-by-australian-authorities-at-sea-the.md) _Context: High Court of Australia, asylum seeker_
4. [Asylum seekers at the Christmas Island Immigration Reception and Processing Centre off the Indian Ocean coast of Western Australia start a hunger strike in protest at their deportation to Malaysia. ](/news/2011/08/6/asylum-seekers-at-the-christmas-island-immigration-reception-and-processing-centre-off-the-indian-ocean-coast-of-western-australia-start-a-h.md) _Context: Malaysia, asylum seeker_
5. [Australia and Malaysia sign a pact to exchange asylum seekers in Kuala Lumpur. ](/news/2011/07/25/australia-and-malaysia-sign-a-pact-to-exchange-asylum-seekers-in-kuala-lumpur.md) _Context: Malaysia, asylum seeker_
6. [Both houses of the Parliament of Australia vote to condemn a proposal to send asylum seekers to Malaysia. ](/news/2011/06/16/both-houses-of-the-parliament-of-australia-vote-to-condemn-a-proposal-to-send-asylum-seekers-to-malaysia.md) _Context: Malaysia, asylum seeker_
7. [The High Court of Australia finds that Australia's offshore processing of asylum seekers denies procedural fairness. ](/news/2010/11/11/the-high-court-of-australia-finds-that-australia-s-offshore-processing-of-asylum-seekers-denies-procedural-fairness.md) _Context: High Court of Australia, asylum seeker_
8. [The High Court of Australia rejects the challenge against the postal survey on same-sex marriage, allowing the survey to begin in mid-September as planned. ](/news/2017/09/7/the-high-court-of-australia-rejects-the-challenge-against-the-postal-survey-on-same-sex-marriage-allowing-the-survey-to-begin-in-mid-septem.md) _Context: High Court of Australia_
9. [The High Court of Australia receives a complaint against the Australian Marriage Law Postal Survey citing the postal survey as "unique and offensive." ](/news/2017/09/5/the-high-court-of-australia-receives-a-complaint-against-the-australian-marriage-law-postal-survey-citing-the-postal-survey-as-unique-and-o.md) _Context: High Court of Australia_
10. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Malaysia_
