### [2010-11-28](/news/2010/11/28/index.md)

# Voters in Egypt go to the polls for parliamentary elections amid reports of the detention of hundreds of opposition supporters, scattered violence, vote buying and the ejection of independent monitors as the government cracks down on the opposition; 21 people are wounded in skirmishes connected with the poll. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://www.google.com/hostednews/ap/article/ALeqM5jUnTxVErSHiA8JVprOGeS1cO92Zg?docId=6a976e67f77f41589e74a19703cf875b)
2. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/2010-11-28/egyptians-vote-in-parliament-poll-as-government-cracks-down.html)
3. [People](http://english.people.com.cn/90001/90777/90855/7213738.html)
4. [Tehran Times](http://www.tehrantimes.com/index_View.asp?code=231021)

### Related:

1. [Results from the parliamentary election in Egypt indicate the ruling National Democratic Party has won 80% of seats. ](/news/2010/12/7/results-from-the-parliamentary-election-in-egypt-indicate-the-ruling-national-democratic-party-has-won-80-of-seats.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian parliamentary elections_
2. [Egypt holds parliamentary runoff elections following alleged electoral fraud in last week's first round. ](/news/2010/12/5/egypt-holds-parliamentary-runoff-elections-following-alleged-electoral-fraud-in-last-week-s-first-round.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian parliamentary elections_
3. [The Muslim Brotherhood, Egypt's largest opposition bloc, claims fraud in the parliamentary elections and says it has won no seats. ](/news/2010/11/29/the-muslim-brotherhood-egypt-s-largest-opposition-bloc-claims-fraud-in-the-parliamentary-elections-and-says-it-has-won-no-seats.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian parliamentary elections_
4. [Egypt restricts opposition before vote, with security forces arresting hundreds of opposition activists, and clamping down on the media ahead of parliamentary elections next week according to Amnesty International. ](/news/2010/11/21/egypt-restricts-opposition-before-vote-with-security-forces-arresting-hundreds-of-opposition-activists-and-clamping-down-on-the-media-ahea.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian parliamentary elections_
5. [Egypt arrests up to 70 members of the banned Muslim Brotherhood opposition group as it begins campaigning for the parliamentary election in November. ](/news/2010/10/26/egypt-arrests-up-to-70-members-of-the-banned-muslim-brotherhood-opposition-group-as-it-begins-campaigning-for-the-parliamentary-election-in.md) _Context: Egypt, Egyptian parliamentary elections_
6. [Alexandria train collision: Two trains collide in Alexandria, Egypt, killing at least 41 people and injuring at least 179. ](/news/2017/08/11/alexandria-train-collision-two-trains-collide-in-alexandria-egypt-killing-at-least-41-people-and-injuring-at-least-179.md) _Context: Egypt_
7. [2017 Qatar crisis: Qatar files a legal complaint at the World Trade Organization (WTO) concerning the embargo imposed by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates in June. The parties have 60 days to settle the complaint to avoid WTO litigation. ](/news/2017/07/31/2017-qatar-crisis-qatar-files-a-legal-complaint-at-the-world-trade-organization-wto-concerning-the-embargo-imposed-by-saudi-arabia-egypt.md) _Context: Egypt_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Egypt_
9. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognize.md) _Context: Egypt_
10. [2017 Qatar diplomatic crisis: The Bahrain News Agency publishes an official list of the demands from Saudi Arabia, Bahrain, the United Arab Emirates and Egypt towards Qatar. Turkey says the demands on Qatar are unlawful. ](/news/2017/06/25/2017-qatar-diplomatic-crisis-the-bahrain-news-agency-publishes-an-official-list-of-the-demands-from-saudi-arabia-bahrain-the-united-arab.md) _Context: Egypt_
