### [2006-05-30](/news/2006/05/30/index.md)

#  A motion to vote on a bill opening the Three Links between mainland China and Taiwan is defeated for the third time in the Legislative Yuan of the Republic of China when a Democratic Progressive Party lawmaker tries to eat the written cloture motion. The opposition Pan-Blue Coalition controls the legislature and would have likely passed the bill. 




### Source:

1. [ChinaPost](http://www.chinapost.com.tw/i_latestdetail.asp?id=38630)
2. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.co.uk/news/newsArticle.aspx?type=oddlyEnoughNews&storyID=2006-05-30T125115Z_01_TP173720_RTRIDST_0_OUKOE-UK-TAIWAN-PARLIAMENT.XML)

### Related:

1. [ Republic of China legislative election, 2008: The Kuomintang (KMT) and its coalition allies win a landslide victory over the Democratic Progressive Party, garnering 86 of 113 seats in the Legislative Yuan. ](/news/2008/01/12/republic-of-china-legislative-election-2008-the-kuomintang-kmt-and-its-coalition-allies-win-a-landslide-victory-over-the-democratic-pro.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party, coalition allies, legislative chamber_
2. [ Four state-owned enterprises of the Republic of China (Taiwan)--Chunghwa Post, the Chinese Petroleum Corporation, the China Shipbuilding Corporation, and the Central Bank of China--change their names to remove "China" from their titles at the request of President Chen Shui-bian. The decision is condemned by the Pan-Blue Coalition, the United States and People's Republic of China as a move towards Taiwan independence. ](/news/2007/02/12/four-state-owned-enterprises-of-the-republic-of-china-taiwan-achunghwa-post-the-chinese-petroleum-corporation-the-china-shipbuilding-c.md) _Context: Taiwan, Taiwan, coalition allies_
3. [ The first direct flights between mainland China and Taiwan since 1949 will take place in time for the Chinese New Year.](/news/2005/01/29/the-first-direct-flights-between-mainland-china-and-taiwan-since-1949-will-take-place-in-time-for-the-chinese-new-year.md) _Context: Taiwan, Three Links, mainland China_
4. [ The Straits Aviation Exchange Commission and Taipei Airlines Association announce that the first direct flights between mainland China and Taiwan since 1949 will be allowed to occur during the Chinese New Year holidays. ](/news/2005/01/15/the-straits-aviation-exchange-commission-and-taipei-airlines-association-announce-that-the-first-direct-flights-between-mainland-china-and.md) _Context: Taiwan, Three Links, mainland China_
5. [ ROC presidential election, 2004: Chen Shui-bian's Democratic Progressive Party submits a bill to the Legislative Yuan to allow an immediate recount, per Lien Chan's demand, but the majority Pan-Blue Coalition dismisses it as unnecessary saying the President could just issue an executive order instead. ](/news/2004/03/22/roc-presidential-election-2004-chen-shui-bian-s-democratic-progressive-party-submits-a-bill-to-the-legislative-yuan-to-allow-an-immediate.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party, coalition allies, legislative chamber_
6. [ President Chen Shui-bian says that the hundreds of missiles the People's Republic of China has aimed at Taiwan justifies holding a referendum on independence. The referendum bill recently passed by the Legislative Yuan only allows votes on sovereignty if the country is attacked by a foreign power. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/asia-pacific/3252246.stm]](/news/2003/12/1/president-chen-shui-bian-says-that-the-hundreds-of-missiles-the-people-s-republic-of-china-has-aimed-at-taiwan-justifies-holding-a-referend.md) _Context: Taiwan, Taiwan, legislative chamber_
7. [ ROC referendum, 2004: In Taiwan, a referendum bill written by majority pro-Chinese reunification pan-blue coalition legislators, is passed by the Legislative Yuan. The move is met by opposition from the People's Republic of China as it is seen as a possible route for declaring Taiwan independence, even though the bill blocks referendums on sovereignty issue and changing the official name of the Republic of China.](/news/2003/11/28/roc-referendum-2004-in-taiwan-a-referendum-bill-written-by-majority-pro-chinese-reunification-pan-blue-coalition-legislators-is-passed.md) _Context: Taiwan, coalition allies, legislative chamber_
8. [Typhoon Meranti hits mainland China and Taiwan killing at least eight people and destroying 1,600 houses. ](/news/2016/09/16/typhoon-meranti-hits-mainland-china-and-taiwan-killing-at-least-eight-people-and-destroying-1-600-houses.md) _Context: Taiwan, mainland China_
9. [China says Chinese passengers flying from the Chinese cities of Nanchang, Kunming, and Chongqing, will be allowed to stop at Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport before flying to a third destination. Taiwan President Ma Ying-jeou applauded this step toward normalizing relations between the two states. Taiwan's opposition party expressed concern that Beijing is trying to interfere with the country's January 16, 2016, presidential and legislative elections. ](/news/2016/01/5/china-says-chinese-passengers-flying-from-the-chinese-cities-of-nanchang-kunming-and-chongqing-will-be-allowed-to-stop-at-taiwan-taoyuan.md) _Context: Democratic Progressive Party, Taiwan_
10. [Protesters storm and occupy the Legislative Yuan in Taiwan due to a unilateral move by the Kuomintang that forces the Cross-Strait Service Trade Agreement to the legislative floor without giving it an item-by-item review. ](/news/2014/03/18/protesters-storm-and-occupy-the-legislative-yuan-in-taiwan-due-to-a-unilateral-move-by-the-kuomintang-that-forces-the-cross-strait-service-t.md) _Context: Taiwan, legislative chamber_
