### [2006-05-30](/news/2006/05/30/index.md)

#  The Constitutional Council of Chad, the highest court in Chad, confirms Idriss Dby's victory in the presidential elections which took place on May 3, 2006. However, the court only gives him 64.67% of the vote, instead of his administration's claim of 77.4%. Turnout was also reduced to 53.08% instead of the previous 60%. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/africa/4771383.stm)
2. [allAfrica.com](http://allafrica.com/stories/200605290035.html)

### Related:

1. [ In Chad, opposition parties boycott the 2006 presidential election and voter turnout is "extremely low". Results are not due for another 10 days, but President Idriss Deby is expected to win. ](/news/2006/05/3/in-chad-opposition-parties-boycott-the-2006-presidential-election-and-voter-turnout-is-extremely-low-results-are-not-due-for-another-10.md) _Context: Chad, Idriss Deby, presidential elections_
2. [Chadian President Idriss Deby postpones the 3 April presidential election after opposition candidates threatened a boycott over irregularities. ](/news/2011/03/13/chadian-president-idriss-deby-postpones-the-3-april-presidential-election-after-opposition-candidates-threatened-a-boycott-over-irregulariti.md) _Context: Chad, Idriss Deby_
3. [ Chad orders United States' ChevronTexaco and Malaysia's Petronas out of the country for failing to meet tax obligations. Chadian president, Idriss Dby, stated that Chad, whose new national oil company was to partner with an Exxon Mobil-ChevronTexaco-Petronas consortium, will continue to work with US' Exxon Mobil while attempting to "find a solution with the two other partners." ](/news/2006/08/26/chad-orders-united-states-chevrontexaco-and-malaysia-s-petronas-out-of-the-country-for-failing-to-meet-tax-obligations-chadian-president.md) _Context: Chad, Idriss Deby_
4. [ Chadian Information Minister Hourmadji Moussa Doumgor accuses the Government of Sudan of facilitating a new alliance between the Mahamat Nour's UFDC and the defected troops of Mahamat Nouri against the Dby administration. Neither group has confirmed or denied the merger. ](/news/2006/05/16/chadian-information-minister-hourmadji-moussa-doumgor-accuses-the-government-of-sudan-of-facilitating-a-new-alliance-between-the-mahamat-no.md) _Context: Chad, Idriss Deby_
5. [ Ahmat Mahamat Bachir, the president of the Chadian Independent National Election Commission, announces that incumbent President of Chad Idriss Dby won the 2006 Chadian presidential election held on May 3 with 77.5% of the vote. The official turnout was 61%, though international observers estimated turnout at 4&ndash;10%. ](/news/2006/05/14/ahmat-mahamat-bachir-the-president-of-the-chadian-independent-national-election-commission-announces-that-incumbent-president-of-chad-idr.md) _Context: Idriss Deby, presidential elections_
6. [ President of Chad Idriss Dby refuses to delay upcoming presidential elections despite pressure from U.S. diplomat Donald Yamamoto, high ranking Chadian Christian officials, and the head of the Chadian human rights league. However, he announced the Chadian government is negotiating with the United Front for Democratic Change rebel group to avoid violence. ](/news/2006/05/1/president-of-chad-idriss-deby-refuses-to-delay-upcoming-presidential-elections-despite-pressure-from-u-s-diplomat-donald-yamamoto-high-ra.md) _Context: Idriss Deby, presidential elections_
7. [ Guilliame Mbairessem, the secretary-general of the Episcopal Conference of Bishops of Chad, joins U.S. Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs Donald Yamamoto in calling for a delay of the upcoming presidential elections in Chad. ](/news/2006/04/28/guilliame-mbairessem-the-secretary-general-of-the-episcopal-conference-of-bishops-of-chad-joins-u-s-assistant-secretary-of-state-for-afr.md) _Context: Chad, presidential elections_
8. [ Over 150 Chadian soldiers are killed in eastern Chad by members of the rebel UFDC. The growing rebel movement seeks to overthrow Chadian president Idriss Deby. ](/news/2006/03/21/over-150-chadian-soldiers-are-killed-in-eastern-chad-by-members-of-the-rebel-ufdc-the-growing-rebel-movement-seeks-to-overthrow-chadian-pr.md) _Context: Chad, Idriss Deby_
9. [ In Chad, a referendum for allowing presidents, particularly Idriss Dby, run for office for three straight terms, passes. ](/news/2005/06/22/in-chad-a-referendum-for-allowing-presidents-particularly-idriss-deby-run-for-office-for-three-straight-terms-passes.md) _Context: Chad, Idriss Deby_
10. [The Extraordinary African Chambers tribunal in Dakar, Senegal, upholds its conviction of former Chadian president Hissene Habre for crimes against humanity, but acquits him of rape. ](/news/2017/04/27/the-extraordinary-african-chambers-tribunal-in-dakar-senegal-upholds-its-conviction-of-former-chadian-president-hissa-ne-habra-c-for-crimes.md) _Context: Chad_
