### [2010-02-20](/news/2010/02/20/index.md)

# President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai, addressing parliament with a photo of an 8-year-old girl who lost 12 relatives to ISAF rocket fire during Operation Moshtarak, urges foreign troops to do more to prevent civilian deaths. 




### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/news/asia/2010/02/20102214365467492.html)

### Related:

1. [U.S. General John R. Allen, the head of the International Security Assistance Force in Afghanistan, sacks Maj. Gen. Peter Fuller for making inappropriate comments about Afghan President Hamid Karzai and his government. ](/news/2011/11/4/u-s-general-john-r-allen-the-head-of-the-international-security-assistance-force-in-afghanistan-sacks-maj-gen-peter-fuller-for-making.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Hamid Karzai, International Security Assistance Force_
2. [War in Afghanistan:. President of France Nicolas Sarkozy visits Afghanistan to meet with the President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai and commander of the International Security Assistance Force David Petraeus before visiting French troops stationed in Surobi. ](/news/2011/07/12/war-in-afghanistan-president-of-france-nicolas-sarkozy-visits-afghanistan-to-meet-with-the-president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-and-comma.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Hamid Karzai, International Security Assistance Force_
3. [ British Prime Minister Gordon Brown makes an unannounced visit to Afghanistan to support British forces deployed as part of the International Security Assistance Force and to hold talks with Afghan President Hamid Karzai. ](/news/2009/12/13/british-prime-minister-gordon-brown-makes-an-unannounced-visit-to-afghanistan-to-support-british-forces-deployed-as-part-of-the-internation.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Hamid Karzai, International Security Assistance Force_
4. [The brother of the current President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai, Qayum Karzai, drops out of the Afghan presidential election and endorses Zalmai Rassoul. ](/news/2014/03/6/the-brother-of-the-current-president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-qayum-karzai-drops-out-of-the-afghan-presidential-election-and-endorses-z.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Hamid Karzai_
5. [Attorney general Mohammad Ishaq Aloko is fired by Afghan President Hamid Karzai, over an unsanctioned meeting with Taliban peace negotiators in the United Arab Emirates. ](/news/2013/08/19/attorney-general-mohammad-ishaq-aloko-is-fired-by-afghan-president-hamid-karzai-over-an-unsanctioned-meeting-with-taliban-peace-negotiators.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Hamid Karzai_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2001-present):. Afghanistan President Hamid Karzai denounces the reported death of eleven children at the hands of NATO forces in Kunar Province and orders a government inquiry into the killings. ](/news/2013/04/8/war-in-afghanistan-2001-present-afghanistan-president-hamid-karzai-denounces-the-reported-death-of-eleven-children-at-the-hands-of-nat.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Hamid Karzai_
7. [President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai meets with Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani, the Emir of Qatar, to discuss plans for the Taliban to open an office in Doha in order to help solve the conflict in Afghanistan. ](/news/2013/03/31/president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-meets-with-sheikh-hamad-bin-khalifa-al-thani-the-emir-of-qatar-to-discuss-plans-for-the-taliban-to-o.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Hamid Karzai_
8. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry meets with the President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai to talk about the two countries' strained relations. ](/news/2013/03/25/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-meets-with-the-president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-to-talk-about-the-two-countries-strained-r.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Hamid Karzai_
9. [War in Afghanistan:. President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai alleges that the U.S. armed forces are collaborating in some way with the Afghan Taliban in an effort to ensure that some troops remain after the scheduled 2014 pullout. ](/news/2013/03/10/war-in-afghanistan-president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-alleges-that-the-u-s-armed-forces-are-collaborating-in-some-way-with-the-afghan.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Hamid Karzai_
10. [The President of Afghanistan Hamid Karzai claims that a suicide bombing attack that injured his security chief was planned in the Pakistani city of Quetta. ](/news/2012/12/8/the-president-of-afghanistan-hamid-karzai-claims-that-a-suicide-bombing-attack-that-injured-his-security-chief-was-planned-in-the-pakistani.md) _Context: Afghanistan President, Hamid Karzai_
