### [2010-02-20](/news/2010/02/20/index.md)

# Russian allies, including Venezuela and Turkey, file a dozen requests for Mi-28N Night Hunter attack helicopters from Russia. 




### Source:

1. [Europe News Agency](http://www.europenewsagency.org/RUSSIA/4219.html)

### Related:

1. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Russia, Turkey_
2. [Syrian peace process: The second day of peace negotiations in Astana, Kazakhstan, end with the sponsors of the talks, Russia, Turkey and Iran, agreeing to set up commission between the three to monitor and enforce the fragile ceasefire to the Syrian Civil War. ](/news/2017/01/24/syrian-peace-process-the-second-day-of-peace-negotiations-in-astana-kazakhstan-end-with-the-sponsors-of-the-talks-russia-turkey-and-ira.md) _Context: Russia, Turkey_
3. [Syrian Civil War: The United Nations Security Council unanimously votes in favor of the Russian and Turkey-backed ceasefire currently in effect in Syria. ](/news/2017/01/1/syrian-civil-war-the-united-nations-security-council-unanimously-votes-in-favor-of-the-russian-and-turkey-backed-ceasefire-currently-in-eff.md) _Context: Russia, Turkey_
4. [Syrian Civil War: Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/syrian-civil-war-russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ce.md) _Context: Russia, Turkey_
5. [Assassination of Andrei Karlov: Six people are arrested in Ankara for alleged involvement in the murder of Andrei Karlov, the Russian ambassador to Turkey. ](/news/2016/12/20/assassination-of-andrei-karlov-six-people-are-arrested-in-ankara-for-alleged-involvement-in-the-murder-of-andrei-karlov-the-russian-ambass.md) _Context: Russia, Turkey_
6. [Assassination of Andrei Karlov: The Russian ambassador to Turkey Andrei Karlov is killed in a gun attack at an art gallery in Ankara. Russia calls the assassin, 22-year old police officer, Mevlut Mert Altintas, a "terrorist". Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu goes to Moscow for a planned trilateral meeting on Syria, saying "the incident will not impact relations between Turkey and Russia". ](/news/2016/12/19/assassination-of-andrei-karlov-the-russian-ambassador-to-turkey-andrei-karlov-is-killed-in-a-gun-attack-at-an-art-gallery-in-ankara-russia.md) _Context: Russia, Turkey_
7. [Russia-Turkey relations: Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu says Turkey's cooperation with Russia in combating the Islamic State in Syria does not include Russia's use of its Incirlik Air Base, which some have interpreted from his comments yesterday. ](/news/2016/07/4/russia-turkey-relations-turkish-foreign-minister-mevla1-4t-aavuaoalu-says-turkey-s-cooperation-with-russia-in-combating-the-islamic-stat.md) _Context: Russia, Turkey_
8. [2016 Istanbul airport attack: A Turkish official reports the three suspected Islamic State suicide bombers who killed 44 people and wounded 238 others were Russian, Uzbek, and Kyrgyz nationals. ](/news/2016/06/30/2016-istanbul-airport-attack-a-turkish-official-reports-the-three-suspected-islamic-state-suicide-bombers-who-killed-44-people-and-wounded.md) _Context: Russia, Turkey_
9. [Russia-Turkey relations: Turkey-s Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu accuses Russia of provoking military gestures as a sailor aboard a Russian naval vessel wielded a rocket launcher as the ship passed through the Bosphorous Strait in the wake of Russia-s imposing sanctions on Turkey for that country-s downing of a Russian aircraft ](/news/2015/12/7/russia-turkey-relations-turkey-s-foreign-minister-mevla1-4t-aavuaoalu-accuses-russia-of-provoking-military-gestures-as-a-sailor-aboard.md) _Context: Russia, Turkey_
10. [Russia-Turkey relations: A Russian warship fires warning shots at a Turkish vessel in the Aegean Sea to "avoid a collision", according to the Russian Defence Ministry. ](/news/2015/12/13/russia-turkey-relations-a-russian-warship-fires-warning-shots-at-a-turkish-vessel-in-the-aegean-sea-to-avoid-a-collision-according-to.md) _Context: Russia, Turkey_
