### [2010-02-20](/news/2010/02/20/index.md)

# The Canadian three-masted ship SV "Concordia" capsizes in a storm off the coast of Brazil. The entire crew, 64 people, are rescued after spending 48 hours on life rafts in rough seas. 

AN AUSTRALIAN was among the 64 people, including high school students, forced to spend 16 hours on life rafts in rough seas after a &#039;&#039;floating classroom&#039;&#039; sank off the coast of Brazil.


### Source:

1. [The Montreal Gazette](http://www.montrealgazette.com/news/Rescued+sailors+land+Brazil/2592666/story.html)
2. [The Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/world/australian-safe-after-ship-sinks-20100220-omvp.html)
3. [The Times](http://www.timesonline.co.uk/tol/news/world/us_and_americas/article7035244.ece)
4. [The Vancouver Sun](http://www.vancouversun.com/news/Survivors+tell+tales+hour+ordeal/2593693/story.html)

### Related:

1. [The United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) lifts the 32-year-old, lifetime ban on blood donations from gay and bisexual men. Men can donate if they haven't had sex with another man in the previous year. The FDA stance is in line with other countries, such as Australia, Brazil, Canada, New Zealand, and the U.K., and is consistent with rules on recent blood transfusion or accidental exposure to another individual's blood. ](/news/2015/12/21/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-fda-lifts-the-32-year-old-lifetime-ban-on-blood-donations-from-gay-and-bisexual-men-men-c.md) _Context: Brazil, Canada_
2. [Environment of Brazil: Brazilian President Michel Temer abolishes the 46,000 sq km National Reserve of Copper and Associates (Renca) ecological reserve, which spans the borders of Amapa and Para states in northern Brazil. More than 20 domestic and multinational firms have expressed an interest in accessing the area's deposits of gold, copper, tantalum, iron ore, nickel and manganese. ](/news/2017/08/25/environment-of-brazil-brazilian-president-michel-temer-abolishes-the-46-000-sq-km-national-reserve-of-copper-and-associates-renca-ecologi.md) _Context: Brazil_
3. [Maritime incidents in 2017: The passenger ship "Comandante Ribeiro" sinks in the Xingu River near Porto de Moz, Brazil, with the loss of at least ten lives.](/news/2017/08/22/maritime-incidents-in-2017-the-passenger-ship-comandante-ribeiro-sinks-in-the-xingu-river-near-porto-de-moz-brazil-with-the-loss-of-at.md) _Context: Brazil_
4. [Freedom of religion in Canada: Winston Blackmore and James Oler, leaders of a polygamist Mormon sect in Canada, are convicted. ](/news/2017/07/24/freedom-of-religion-in-canada-winston-blackmore-and-james-oler-leaders-of-a-polygamist-mormon-sect-in-canada-are-convicted.md) _Context: Canada_
5. [FIRST Robotics Competition: Six teenagers, four males and two females, from a Burundi robotics team are reported missing after competing in the FIRST Global Robotics Competition in Washington, D.C. A 16-year-old boy and a 17-year old girl reportedly crossed the United States border into Canada. There is no indication of foul play. ](/news/2017/07/20/first-robotics-competition-six-teenagers-four-males-and-two-females-from-a-burundi-robotics-team-are-reported-missing-after-competing-in.md) _Context: Canada_
6. [Corruption in Brazil: Operation Car Wash: Former Brazilian president Luiz Incio Lula da Silva is convicted on corruption and money laundering charges in connection with the Petrobras investigation. Lula, who remains free on appeal, is sentenced to nine and a half years in prison. ](/news/2017/07/12/corruption-in-brazil-operation-car-wash-former-brazilian-president-luiz-inacio-lula-da-silva-is-convicted-on-corruption-and-money-launderi.md) _Context: Brazil_
7. [Canada Day: Canada celebrates the sesquicentennial (150-year) anniversary of the Canadian Confederation. ](/news/2017/07/1/canada-day-canada-celebrates-the-sesquicentennial-150-year-anniversary-of-the-canadian-confederation.md) _Context: Canada_
8. [Corruption in Brazil: Brazil's Superior Electoral Court reopens the illegal campaign funding case against President Michel Temer, who was the vice presidential candidate on former President Dilma Rousseff's ticket in 2014. Temer became president in August 2016 when Rousseff was impeached, and could be unseated if the court annuls the Rousseff-Temer election victory. ](/news/2017/06/6/corruption-in-brazil-brazil-s-superior-electoral-court-reopens-the-illegal-campaign-funding-case-against-president-michel-temer-who-was-th.md) _Context: Brazil_
9. [A state of emergency is declared in Montreal, Canada as 1,200 Canadian Forces personnel are deployed in the province of Quebec to help with rising floodwaters. 146 communities are affected and more than 1,500 residents have been evacuated from their homes. ](/news/2017/05/7/a-state-of-emergency-is-declared-in-montreal-canada-as-1-200-canadian-forces-personnel-are-deployed-in-the-province-of-quebec-to-help-with.md) _Context: Canada_
10. [Corruption in Brazil: The Brazilian Supreme Federal Court releases a plea bargain testimony from JBS S.A., revealing that the company paid 500 million reais in bribes to politicians, including current President Michel Temer and his predecessors Dilma and Lula. ](/news/2017/05/19/corruption-in-brazil-the-brazilian-supreme-federal-court-releases-a-plea-bargain-testimony-from-jbs-s-a-revealing-that-the-company-paid-5.md) _Context: Brazil_
