### [2017-08-25](/news/2017/08/25/index.md)

# 2017 Atlantic hurricane season: In anticipation of Hurricane Harvey, residents from Corpus Christi to Galveston, Texas, and workers from Gulf of Mexico oil platforms are evacuating the region. The storm makes landfall between Port Aransas and Port O'Connor as a Category 4 hurricane around 11 p.m. EDT (0300 UTC, August 26) as the strongest storm to hit the United States mainland since 2004. The National Hurricane Center predicts Harvey will linger over Texas for days, dumping 15|-|25|in|cm, and as much 35|in|cm of rain on some parts of the state. 

Hurricane Harvey intensified early on Friday, spinning into potentially the biggest hurricane to hit the U.S. mainland in more than a decade, with life-threatening floods expected along the Gulf Coast.


### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2017/08/25/us/hurricane-harvey/index.html)
2. [National Hurricane Center](http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/text/refresh/MIATCDAT4+shtml/250235.shtml)
3. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-global-oil-idUSKCN1B503E?il=0)
4. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-storm-harvey-nhc-idUSKCN1B409K)

### Related:

1. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Harvey: Hurricane Harvey is now a tropical storm with sustained winds of 70 mph (110 kmh). It made landfall on Texas's eastern coast, the eye striking the town of Rockport, as a Category 4 hurricane. It's the strongest storm to hit the state since 1961. Harvey is expected to maintain tropical storm strength, with heavy rains and flooding, for at least four days. ](/news/2017/08/26/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-harvey-hurricane-harvey-is-now-a-tropical-storm-with-sustained-winds-of-70-mph-110-kmh-it-made.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Category 4, Hurricane Harvey_
2. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Franklin, the Atlantic Ocean's first hurricane of the season, is set to hit Mexico's Gulf state of Veracruz tonight or tomorrow morning. The category 1 storm is expected to lose strength as it moves inland through the oil-producing state. ](/news/2017/08/9/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-franklin-the-atlantic-ocean-s-first-hurricane-of-the-season-is-set-to-hit-mexico-s-gulf-state-of.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season, Gulf of Mexico_
3. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season: Harvey becomes a hurricane, expected to make landfall on the Texas coast at Category 3, bringing life-threatening storm surge, rainfall, and wind hazards. ](/news/2017/08/24/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-harvey-becomes-a-hurricane-expected-to-make-landfall-on-the-texas-coast-at-category-3-bringing-life-threat.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
4. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane and storm surge watches are issued for Texas and Louisiana as the tropical system Harvey strengthens into a tropical depression and is predicted to bring both heavy rainfall and storm surge. ](/news/2017/08/23/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-and-storm-surge-watches-are-issued-for-texas-and-louisiana-as-the-tropical-system-harvey-strengthe.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
5. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season: A ten-year-old boy dies from injuries sustained during Tropical Storm Cindy in Fort Morgan, Alabama. ](/news/2017/06/21/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-a-ten-year-old-boy-dies-from-injuries-sustained-during-tropical-storm-cindy-in-fort-morgan-alabama.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
6. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season: Tropical Storm Cindy makes its way towards the eastern coasts of the Southern United States. ](/news/2017/06/20/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-tropical-storm-cindy-makes-its-way-towards-the-eastern-coasts-of-the-southern-united-states.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
7. [2017 Atlantic hurricane season: The U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration says warm ocean waters could fuel an above-normal Atlantic hurricane season. The forecast calls for 11 to 17 named storms with five to nine hurricanes, warmer-than-average waters across the tropical Atlantic Ocean and Caribbean Sea, and a weak or nonexistent El Nino. ](/news/2017/05/25/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-the-u-s-national-oceanic-and-atmospheric-administration-says-warm-ocean-waters-could-fuel-an-above-normal-a.md) _Context: 2017 Atlantic hurricane season_
8. [2016 Atlantic hurricane season: Hurricane Matthew kills at least 26 people on the island of Hispaniola; 22 in Haiti and four more in the Dominican Republic. The U.S. National Hurricane Center predicts the storm, currently a Category 3 with maximum sustained winds of 115 mph (185 km/h), will strengthen as it moves across the Bahamas tonight and tomorrow, and be near the east coast of Florida by tomorrow evening. ](/news/2016/10/5/2016-atlantic-hurricane-season-hurricane-matthew-kills-at-least-26-people-on-the-island-of-hispaniola-22-in-haiti-and-four-more-in-the-dom.md) _Context: National Hurricane Center_
9. [Hurricane Matthew: The U.S. National Hurricane Center issues a Tropical Storm Watch for Aruba, Bonaire, and Curacao islands in the Caribbean Sea, and for the northwest South American coast. ](/news/2016/09/29/hurricane-matthew-the-u-s-national-hurricane-center-issues-a-tropical-storm-watch-for-aruba-bonaire-and-curaassao-islands-in-the-caribbea.md) _Context: National Hurricane Center_
10. [Tropical Storm Hermine: The National Hurricane Center declares a hurricane watch and tropical storm warning from the Anclote River, north of Tampa, to Destin, Florida, near the Georgia border. Hermine, now at 45 mph (75 km), is expected to reach hurricane strength when it makes landfall Thursday afternoon. Florida Governor Rick Scott, with life-threatening flooding forecast, declares a state of emergency. ](/news/2016/08/31/tropical-storm-hermine-the-national-hurricane-center-declares-a-hurricane-watch-and-tropical-storm-warning-from-the-anclote-river-north-of.md) _Context: National Hurricane Center_
