### [2017-08-25](/news/2017/08/25/index.md)

# American involvement in the Somali Civil War: United States-supported Somali forces shoot and kill 10 Somalis, including three children, in Lower Shebelle's Bariire village near Mogadishu. While the Somalia government reports the other dead were members of the al Shabaab militia, Lower Shabelle deputy governor Ali Nur Mohamed says the victims were all civilians, farm owners, workers and their children. The U.S. Africa Command says they are investigating these civilian casualties reports. 

Somali forces supported by U.S. troops shot dead 10 Somalis, including three children, in a village near the capital Mogadishu on Friday, a witness and local officials told Reuters.


### Source:

1. [Garowe Online](http://www.garoweonline.com/en/news/somalia/conflicting-accounts-emerge-in-wake-of-raid-in-somalia)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-somalia-security-idUSKCN1B523H)

### Related:

1. [War in Somalia (2009-present): A suicide bomber attacks a military training camp in Mogadishu, killing at least nine soldiers. Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/04/10/war-in-somalia-2009-present-a-suicide-bomber-attacks-a-military-training-camp-in-mogadishu-killing-at-least-nine-soldiers-al-shabaab.md) _Context: Mogadishu, Somali forces, al Shabaab militia_
2. [Somali Civil War: A car bomb outside a shopping mall in the Somali capital Mogadishu kills at least three and injures at least eight. The al Qaeda-linked Al Shabaab claim responsibility. ](/news/2015/12/19/somali-civil-war-a-car-bomb-outside-a-shopping-mall-in-the-somali-capital-mogadishu-kills-at-least-three-and-injures-at-least-eight-the-al.md) _Context: Mogadishu, Somali Civil War, al Shabaab militia_
3. [Somali civil war: Al-Shabab militants attack AMISOM's headquarters in Mogadishu, leaving three peacekeeping soldiers and a civilian contractor dead. Five of the attackers are also killed. ](/news/2014/12/25/somali-civil-war-al-shabab-militants-attack-amisom-s-headquarters-in-mogadishu-leaving-three-peacekeeping-soldiers-and-a-civilian-contract.md) _Context: Mogadishu, Somali Civil War, al Shabaab militia_
4. [War in Somalia (2009-present):: Nineteen people are killed in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, in suicide bombings and firefights between Al-Shabaab militants and government forces. ](/news/2013/05/8/war-in-somalia-2009-present-nineteen-people-are-killed-in-the-somali-capital-mogadishu-in-suicide-bombings-and-firefights-between-al.md) _Context: Mogadishu, Somali forces, al Shabaab militia_
5. [War in Somalia: Al-Shabaab militants storm a military base in Puntland. The subsequent battle with the Somali military leaves at least 70 people dead. Somali officials called the attack the deadliest in the country in years. ](/news/2017/06/8/war-in-somalia-al-shabaab-militants-storm-a-military-base-in-puntland-the-subsequent-battle-with-the-somali-military-leaves-at-least-70-pe.md) _Context: Somali forces, al Shabaab militia_
6. [War in Somalia: A suicide bomber explodes a car bomb near a hotel, al-Shabaab militants then storm the hotel and a pizza restaurant, killing least 20 people and taking others hostage, in Somalia's capital Mogadishu. All five attackers are later killed. ](/news/2017/06/14/war-in-somalia-a-suicide-bomber-explodes-a-car-bomb-near-a-hotel-al-shabaab-militants-then-storm-the-hotel-and-a-pizza-restaurant-killing.md) _Context: Mogadishu, al Shabaab militia_
7. [War in Somalia (2009-present): A United States Navy SEAL is killed, becoming the first U.S. service member killed in Somalia since 1993, and three others are injured in a gunfight with al-Shabaab militants, west of Mogadishu. ](/news/2017/05/6/war-in-somalia-2009-present-a-united-states-navy-seal-is-killed-becoming-the-first-u-s-service-member-killed-in-somalia-since-1993-a.md) _Context: Mogadishu, al Shabaab militia_
8. [War in Somalia (2009-present): A car bomb explodes outside the Ministry of Defence in Mogadishu, killing at least 15 people. Al-Shabaab claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/04/9/war-in-somalia-2009-present-a-car-bomb-explodes-outside-the-ministry-of-defence-in-mogadishu-killing-at-least-15-people-al-shabaab-cl.md) _Context: Mogadishu, al Shabaab militia_
9. [War in Somalia (2009-present): The United States is to deploy troops to Somalia for the first time since 1994 to help train the Somali Armed Forces in their conflict with al-Shabaab insurgents. ](/news/2017/04/14/war-in-somalia-2009-present-the-united-states-is-to-deploy-troops-to-somalia-for-the-first-time-since-1994-to-help-train-the-somali-arm.md) _Context: Somali forces, al Shabaab militia_
10. [War in Somalia (2009-present): A car bomb explodes near a checkpoint outside Mogadishu, wounding at least four Somali soldiers. ](/news/2017/02/27/war-in-somalia-2009-present-a-car-bomb-explodes-near-a-checkpoint-outside-mogadishu-wounding-at-least-four-somali-soldiers.md) _Context: Mogadishu, Somali forces_
