### [2017-08-25](/news/2017/08/25/index.md)

# Lee Jae-yong (Jay Y. Lee), the vice-chairman of the Samsung Group is sentenced to five years for graft for his involvement in the 2016 South Korean political scandal that led to the impeachment of President of South Korea Park Geun-hye. 

Jay Y. Lee is set to spend the next five years in prison, one of the harshest sentences handed to a South Korean chaebol executive, after a court convicted him of bribing his way to greater control of the Samsung empire his family founded.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-08-25/samsung-heir-sentenced-to-five-years-prison-on-graft-conviction)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-samsung-lee-idUSKCN1B41VC)

### Related:

1. [South Korean prosecutors issue an arrest warrant for Lee Jae-yong, a senior executive in the Samsung Group, in relation to the political scandal that has led to the impeachment of Park Geun-hye, the President of South Korea. ](/news/2017/01/16/south-korean-prosecutors-issue-an-arrest-warrant-for-lee-jae-yong-a-senior-executive-in-the-samsung-group-in-relation-to-the-political-sca.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean political scandal, Lee Jae-yong, Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea, Samsung Group_
2. [A court in South Korea strikes down a request by prosecutors to issue an arrest warrant for Samsung vice chairman Lee Jae-yong, who is accused of bribery and embezzlement, in connection to a corruption scandal involving impeached President Park Geun-hye. ](/news/2017/01/19/a-court-in-south-korea-strikes-down-a-request-by-prosecutors-to-issue-an-arrest-warrant-for-samsung-vice-chairman-lee-jae-yong-who-is-accus.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean political scandal, Lee Jae-yong, Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea_
3. [Authorities arrest Impeached South Korean President Park Geun-hye on charges of bribery, abuse of authority, coercion, and leaking government secrets. ](/news/2017/03/30/authorities-arrest-impeached-south-korean-president-park-geun-hye-on-charges-of-bribery-abuse-of-authority-coercion-and-leaking-governmen.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean political scandal, Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea_
4. [South Korean prosecutors raid the offices of Samsung Electronics as part of a ongoing probe into President Park Geun-hye's controversial association with Choi Soon-sil. Yonhap News Agency reports prosecutors are investigating whether Samsung improperly provided financial assistance to Choi's daughter, Chung Yoo-ra. ](/news/2016/11/8/south-korean-prosecutors-raid-the-offices-of-samsung-electronics-as-part-of-a-ongoing-probe-into-president-park-geun-hye-s-controversial-ass.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean political scandal, Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea_
5. [The President of South Korea Park Geun-hye accepts full blame for the scandal over the influence of religious figure Choi Soon-sil in Park's administration and vows to accept the results of an independent investigation into her actions. ](/news/2016/11/4/the-president-of-south-korea-park-geun-hye-accepts-full-blame-for-the-scandal-over-the-influence-of-religious-figure-choi-soon-sil-in-park-s.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean political scandal, Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea_
6. [South Koreans take to the streets en masse demanding the resignation of President Park Geun-hye amidst a corruption scandal. Around 1.5 million people rallied in the capital Seoul, while another 400,000 people demonstrated in provincial cities. ](/news/2016/11/26/south-koreans-take-to-the-streets-en-masse-demanding-the-resignation-of-president-park-geun-hye-amidst-a-corruption-scandal-around-1-5-mill.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean political scandal, Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea_
7. [An interim report by South Korean prosecutors implicates President Park Geun-hye in a political scandal involving her close friend Choi Soon-sil. Three people have been indicted in relation to the scandal. President Park cannot be indicted due to a constitutional provision preventing a sitting President being indicted except for treason or insurrection. ](/news/2016/11/20/an-interim-report-by-south-korean-prosecutors-implicates-president-park-geun-hye-in-a-political-scandal-involving-her-close-friend-choi-soon.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean political scandal, Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea_
8. [A South Korean official says prosecutors will question President Park Geun-hye, no later than Wednesday, about the political corruption scandal. This will be the first time a sitting president is questioned by prosecutors in a criminal case. ](/news/2016/11/13/a-south-korean-official-says-prosecutors-will-question-president-park-geun-hye-no-later-than-wednesday-about-the-political-corruption-scan.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean political scandal, Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea_
9. [As many as 1,000,000 people march on the presidential Blue House in Seoul, South Korea, calling for the resignation of President Park Geun-hye amid an ongoing corruption scandal. It is the largest protest in South Korea since the protests against U.S. beef imports in 2008. ](/news/2016/11/12/as-many-as-1-000-000-people-march-on-the-presidential-blue-house-in-seoul-south-korea-calling-for-the-resignation-of-president-park-geun-h.md) _Context: 2016 South Korean political scandal, Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea_
10. [South Korea's Constitutional Court upholds the impeachment of President Park Geun-hye, removing her from office. Hwang Kyo-ahn assumes powers as Acting President. ](/news/2017/03/10/south-korea-s-constitutional-court-upholds-the-impeachment-of-president-park-geun-hye-removing-her-from-office-hwang-kyo-ahn-assumes-power.md) _Context: Park Geun-hye, President of South Korea_
