### [2017-08-25](/news/2017/08/25/index.md)

# President Donald Trump issues a presidential memorandum that stops funding of sex reassignment procedures for military personnel, and that denies entry of transgender individuals into the military. President Trump announced this policy change via twitter in late July. Two LGBT rights organizations filed a federal lawsuit two weeks ago arguing this policy change is unconstitutional because it denies transgender service members equal protection and due process. 

The suit was filed in U.S. District Court in Washington on behalf of five transgender service members with nearly 60 years of combined military service.


### Source:

1. [AP via NBC News](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/military/lawsuit-opposes-trump-s-ban-transgender-military-service-n791241)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/trump-directs-pentagon-to-implement-ban-on-transgender-service-members-bans-sex-reassignment-surgery/2017/08/25/c8c604d8-89e4-11e7-9ce7-9e175d8953fa_story.html?utm_term=.7ed979afbe85)

### Related:

1. [Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald-trump-and-top-pentagon-officials-over-the-president-s-policy-change-a.md) _Context: Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military, transgender_
2. [U.S. President Donald Trump tweets that transgender Americans will not be allowed to serve "in any capacity" in the United States Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/07/26/u-s-president-donald-trump-tweets-that-transgender-americans-will-not-be-allowed-to-serve-in-any-capacity-in-the-united-states-armed-forc.md) _Context: Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military, transgender_
3. [The U.S. Department of Education's Office for Civil Rights (OCR) issues a two-year investigative report finding the Palatine, Illinois, school district unfairly denied a transgender teenager -- who was undergoing hormone therapy but had not undergone gender reassignment surgery -- access to school facilities in violation of Title IX, that bars discrimination in federally funded education programs, causing her "isolation," "ostracism" and at least one "tearful breakdown." The school district has 30 days to reach an agreement with authorities or risk losing up to $6 million in federal funding and case-referral to the Department of Justice. The "Washington Post" report called this "The Palatine standoff". ](/news/2015/11/3/the-u-s-department-of-educationas-office-for-civil-rights-ocr-issues-a-two-year-investigative-report-finding-the-palatine-illinois-sc.md) _Context: sex reassignment, transgender_
4. [Defense Secretary James Mattis announces that transgender troops in the military will continue to serve pending the results of a study started in June to assess the Pentagon's ability to fight and win wars. ](/news/2017/08/29/defense-secretary-james-mattis-announces-that-transgender-troops-in-the-military-will-continue-to-serve-pending-the-results-of-a-study-start.md) _Context: Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military_
5. [Sahaj International opens in Kochi in the South Indian state of Kerala. The country's first school for transgender pupils, it caters for adults who left school early. ](/news/2016/12/30/sahaj-international-opens-in-kochi-in-the-south-indian-state-of-kerala-the-country-s-first-school-for-transgender-pupils-it-caters-for-adu.md) _Context: transgender_
6. [The United States Education and Justice Departments advise U.S. public school districts across the country to allow transgender students to use the bathrooms that match their gender identity, rather than their gender at birth. The new guidance comes as Justice and North Carolina battle in federal court over the state's new so-called bathroom bill. ](/news/2016/05/13/the-united-states-education-and-justice-departments-advise-u-s-public-school-districts-across-the-country-to-allow-transgender-students-to.md) _Context: transgender_
7. [An American federal appeals court in Richmond, Virginia, rules a transgender high school student who was banned from the boys' bathroom can proceed with the lawsuit against the school board. ](/news/2016/04/19/an-american-federal-appeals-court-in-richmond-virginia-rules-a-transgender-high-school-student-who-was-banned-from-the-boys-bathroom-can.md) _Context: transgender_
8. [ The American Civil Liberties Union and Lambda Legal file a federal lawsuit against a new North Carolina law that bars transgender people from choosing bathrooms consistent with their gender identity, arguing the measure is discriminatory and threatens individuals' personal safety. ](/news/2016/03/28/the-american-civil-liberties-union-and-lambda-legal-file-a-federal-lawsuit-against-a-new-north-carolina-law-that-bars-transgender-people-fr.md) _Context: transgender_
9. [In the United States, South Dakota Governor Dennis Daugaard vetoes House Bill 1008 that would have required transgender students to use bathrooms, locker rooms, and other facilities based on their gender at birth in state public schools. The bill would have been law at midnight if the governor had not acted. ](/news/2016/03/1/in-the-united-states-south-dakota-governor-dennis-daugaard-vetoes-house-bill-1008-that-would-have-required-transgender-students-to-use-bath.md) _Context: transgender_
10. [In the[United States, the South Dakota legislature passes a bill requiring students, even those identifying as transgender, to use the school bathroom corresponding to their sex at birth. It now moves to Governor Dennis Daugaard for his approval or veto. ](/news/2016/02/17/in-the-united-states-the-south-dakota-legislature-passes-a-bill-requiring-students-even-those-identifying-as-transgender-to-use-the-schoo.md) _Context: transgender_
