## [2017-08-25](/news/2017/08/25/index.md)

### [War in Afghanistan: New Zealand announces the stationing of three more non-combat military personnel in Afghanistan, boosting its military commitment to 13. ](/news/2017/08/25/war-in-afghanistan-new-zealand-announces-the-stationing-of-three-more-non-combat-military-personnel-in-afghanistan-boosting-its-military-c.md)
Just days after the United States said it would increase troop numbers in Afghanistan and ask its allies to do the same, New Zealand on Friday announced an extra three non-combat military personnel, boosting its military commitment to 13.

### [Rohingya insurgency in Western Myanmar: 2016-17 Northern Rakhine State clashes: Government officials in Myanmar report that 12 security personnel (ten policemen, one soldier and one immigration officer) and 59 Rohingya insurgents were killed overnight during coordinated attacks by insurgents on at least 26 police posts and an army base in Rakhine State. ](/news/2017/08/25/rohingya-insurgency-in-western-myanmar-2016-17-northern-rakhine-state-clashes-government-officials-in-myanmar-report-that-12-security-pe.md)
Twelve security personnel and 59 Muslim militants die in attacks on police posts, the army says.

### [2017 Haryana riots: Riots erupt in Panchkula and later spread to other parts of the northern Indian state of Haryana, as well as the state of Punjab and the Indian capital of New Delhi, after a special CBI court found the Dera Sacha Sauda chief Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh guilty of rape. At least 28 people have been killed and 250 others injured. ](/news/2017/08/25/2017-haryana-riots-riots-erupt-in-panchkula-and-later-spread-to-other-parts-of-the-northern-indian-state-of-haryana-as-well-as-the-state-o.md)
Violence in Panchkula and Sirsa in Haryana. Punjab and Delhi too hit; HC orders recovery of losses from Dera.

### [American involvement in the Somali Civil War: United States-supported Somali forces shoot and kill 10 Somalis, including three children, in Lower Shebelle's Bariire village near Mogadishu. While the Somalia government reports the other dead were members of the al Shabaab militia, Lower Shabelle deputy governor Ali Nur Mohamed says the victims were all civilians, farm owners, workers and their children. The U.S. Africa Command says they are investigating these civilian casualties reports. ](/news/2017/08/25/american-involvement-in-the-somali-civil-war-united-states-supported-somali-forces-shoot-and-kill-10-somalis-including-three-children-in.md)
Somali forces supported by U.S. troops shot dead 10 Somalis, including three children, in a village near the capital Mogadishu on Friday, a witness and local officials told Reuters.

### [Islamic terrorism in Europe (2014-present): British police arrest a man who assaulted two police officers with a "long knife" outside Buckingham Palace. The officers suffered minor injuries. No members of the royal family were present in the palace at the time. ](/news/2017/08/25/islamic-terrorism-in-europe-2014-present-british-police-arrest-a-man-who-assaulted-two-police-officers-with-a-long-knife-outside-buckin.md)
A man with a &quot;large knife&quot; who assaulted two police officers outside Buckingham Palace on Friday night has been arrested, British police said.

### [Culture in Toronto: Toronto's Sheraton Cadwell Orchestras closes and its management resigns following public backlash to a fat-shaming email that said only "physically fit and slim" singers would be featured in shows. ](/news/2017/08/25/culture-in-toronto-toronto-s-sheraton-cadwell-orchestras-closes-and-its-management-resigns-following-public-backlash-to-a-fat-shaming-email.md)
It was over before the ladies who weren’t “physically fit” could sing

### [Environment of Brazil: Brazilian President Michel Temer abolishes the 46,000 sq km National Reserve of Copper and Associates (Renca) ecological reserve, which spans the borders of Amapa and Para states in northern Brazil. More than 20 domestic and multinational firms have expressed an interest in accessing the area's deposits of gold, copper, tantalum, iron ore, nickel and manganese. ](/news/2017/08/25/environment-of-brazil-brazilian-president-michel-temer-abolishes-the-46-000-sq-km-national-reserve-of-copper-and-associates-renca-ecologi.md)
Brazilian president has dissolved Renca to attract investment in region thought to contain gold with critics warning of irreversible damage

### [2017 Atlantic hurricane season: In anticipation of Hurricane Harvey, residents from Corpus Christi to Galveston, Texas, and workers from Gulf of Mexico oil platforms are evacuating the region. The storm makes landfall between Port Aransas and Port O'Connor as a Category 4 hurricane around 11 p.m. EDT (0300 UTC, August 26) as the strongest storm to hit the United States mainland since 2004. The National Hurricane Center predicts Harvey will linger over Texas for days, dumping 15|-|25|in|cm, and as much 35|in|cm of rain on some parts of the state. ](/news/2017/08/25/2017-atlantic-hurricane-season-in-anticipation-of-hurricane-harvey-residents-from-corpus-christi-to-galveston-texas-and-workers-from-gul.md)
Hurricane Harvey intensified early on Friday, spinning into potentially the biggest hurricane to hit the U.S. mainland in more than a decade, with life-threatening floods expected along the Gulf Coast.

### [Accidents and incidents involving helicopters: An American UH-60 Black Hawk helicopter on a training mission crashes off the coast of Yemen with six aboard, five of whom have been rescued. The search continues for the other U.S. service member. ](/news/2017/08/25/accidents-and-incidents-involving-helicopters-an-american-uh-60-black-hawk-helicopter-on-a-training-mission-crashes-off-the-coast-of-yemen.md)
A U.S. Black Hawk helicopter crashed off the coast of Yemen on Friday during a training mission and a search was under way for one U.S. service member, the U.S. military said.

### [Trial of Yingluck Shinawatra: Thailand's Supreme Court issues an arrest warrant for former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra, who didn't appear in court for the verdict in her negligence trial regarding a rice subsidy program for farmers. The court also issued a statement questioning her attorney's report that she is unwell and a potential flight risk, citing the lack of a physician's certificate. The reading of the verdict has been rescheduled to September 27. Sources within Shinawatra's party Pheu Thai Party have said that she has allegedly fled the country, though not saying where to, in response current prime minister Prayuth Chan-ocha has ordered the border checkpoints to be closely monitored to prevent Shinawatra leaving the country if she has not already. ](/news/2017/08/25/trial-of-yingluck-shinawatra-thailand-s-supreme-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-who-didn-t-ap.md)
Ousted Thai prime minister Yingluck Shinawatra has fled the country ahead of a verdict against her in a negligence trial brought by the junta that overthrew her, sources close to the Shinawatra family said on Friday.

### [2016 South Korean political scandal: Lee Jae-yong (Jay Y. Lee), the vice-chairman of the Samsung Group is sentenced to five years for graft for his involvement in the 2016 South Korean political scandal that led to the impeachment of President of South Korea Park Geun-hye. ](/news/2017/08/25/2016-south-korean-political-scandal-lee-jae-yong-jay-y-lee-the-vice-chairman-of-the-samsung-group-is-sentenced-to-five-years-for-graft.md)
Jay Y. Lee is set to spend the next five years in prison, one of the harshest sentences handed to a South Korean chaebol executive, after a court convicted him of bribing his way to greater control of the Samsung empire his family founded.

### [Presidency of Donald Trump: U.S. President Donald Trump pardons former sheriff of Maricopa County, Arizona, Joe Arpaio. ](/news/2017/08/25/presidency-of-donald-trump-u-s-president-donald-trump-pardons-former-sheriff-of-maricopa-county-arizona-joe-arpaio.md)
President Trump grants pardon to former Sheriff Joe Arpaio of Arizona.

### [Political appointments by Donald Trump: Deputy Assistant to the President Sebastian Gorka resigns expressing unhappiness with the direction of the Trump administration-s foreign policy. ](/news/2017/08/25/political-appointments-by-donald-trump-deputy-assistant-to-the-president-sebastian-gorka-resigns-expressing-unhappiness-with-the-direction.md)
_Context: Political appointments by Donald Trump, Sebastian Gorka_

### [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military: President Donald Trump issues a presidential memorandum that stops funding of sex reassignment procedures for military personnel, and that denies entry of transgender individuals into the military. President Trump announced this policy change via twitter in late July. Two LGBT rights organizations filed a federal lawsuit two weeks ago arguing this policy change is unconstitutional because it denies transgender service members equal protection and due process. ](/news/2017/08/25/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-president-donald-trump-issues-a-presidential-memorandum-that-stops-fun.md)
The suit was filed in U.S. District Court in Washington on behalf of five transgender service members with nearly 60 years of combined military service.

### [Environmental policy of the Donald Trump administration: The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency announces, effective in 2019, it will no longer sponsor the Climate Leadership Awards program that honors voluntary corporate actions to combat global warming. ](/news/2017/08/25/environmental-policy-of-the-donald-trump-administration-the-u-s-environmental-protection-agency-announces-effective-in-2019-it-will-no-l.md)
_Context: Environmental policy of the Donald Trump administration, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, global warming_

### [2017 in spaceflight: FORMOSAT-5, the first satellite fully designed by Taiwan's National Space Organization, is launched into low-earth orbit by SpaceX's Falcon 9 rocket. ](/news/2017/08/25/2017-in-spaceflight-formosat-5-the-first-satellite-fully-designed-by-taiwan-s-national-space-organization-is-launched-into-low-earth-orbi.md)
_Context: 2017 in spaceflight, FORMOSAT-5, Falcon 9, National Space Organization, SpaceX, Taiwan_

## [Previous Day...](/news/2017/08/24/index.md)

