### [2017-08-25](/news/2017/08/25/index.md)

# Riots erupt in Panchkula and later spread to other parts of the Northern Indian state of Haryana, as well as the state of Punjab and the Indian capital of New Delhi, after a special CBI court found the Dera Sacha Sauda chief Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh guilty of rape. At least 28 people have been killed and 250 others injured. 

Violence in Panchkula and Sirsa in Haryana. Punjab and Delhi too hit; HC orders recovery of losses from Dera.


### Source:

1. [The Hindu](http://www.thehindu.com/news/national/other-states/live-updates-dera-sacha-sauda-chief-convicted-in-rape-case/article19558757.ece)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/morning-mix/wp/2017/08/25/indias-guru-of-bling-convicted-of-rape/)
2. [Cover Image](http://www.thehindu.com/news/national/other-states/article19560856.ece/ALTERNATES/LANDSCAPE_615/Vehicles%20burn%20in%20Panchkula)

### Related:

1. [Monsoon flooding on the Yamuna River threatens the Taj Mahal in Agra, India after more than 800,000 cuft/s of water had to be released from a barrage in Haryana, while hundreds of nearby villages flooded and flooding continues in Uttar Pradesh and Punjab. ](/news/2010/09/13/monsoon-flooding-on-the-yamuna-river-threatens-the-taj-mahal-in-agra-india-after-more-than-800-000-cuft-s-of-water-had-to-be-released-from.md) _Context: Haryana, Punjab_
2. [The Ajmer-Sealdah Express operated by Indian Railways derails in northern India killing at least two people and injuring dozens. Twenty four people have been hospitalised. ](/news/2016/12/28/the-ajmerasealdah-express-operated-by-indian-railways-derails-in-northern-india-killing-at-least-two-people-and-injuring-dozens-twenty-fo.md) _Context: Northern India_
3. [Schools in Delhi and New Delhi close after smog reach toxic levels. The air quality index is 999 with 500 rated as hazardous. ](/news/2016/11/7/schools-in-delhi-and-new-delhi-close-after-smog-reach-toxic-levels-the-air-quality-index-is-999-with-500-rated-as-hazardous.md) _Context: New Delhi_
4. [At least 13 are killed in a fire in New Delhi, India. ](/news/2016/11/11/at-least-13-are-killed-in-a-fire-in-new-delhi-india.md) _Context: New Delhi_
5. [A United Nations arbitration court rules India must allow an Italian marine, facing charges of murdering two fishermen during an anti-piracy mission in 2012, to return home pending the Permanent Court of Arbitration's decision over jurisdiction. The suspect, who will remain under the authority of the Supreme Court of India, has been staying in the Italian embassy in New Delhi; his co-defendant returned to Italy with health problems in 2014. ](/news/2016/05/2/a-united-nations-arbitration-court-rules-india-must-allow-an-italian-marine-facing-charges-of-murdering-two-fishermen-during-an-anti-piracy.md) _Context: New Delhi_
6. [A massive fire severely damages the National Museum of Natural History in the Indian capital New Delhi. ](/news/2016/04/26/a-massive-fire-severely-damages-the-national-museum-of-natural-history-in-the-indian-capital-new-delhi.md) _Context: New Delhi_
7. [The World Wildlife Fund reports global populations of tigers, an endangered species, are up about 20 percent over the past six years. This increase in tiger numbers, after declining for a century, was primarily in India, Russia, Nepal, and Bhutan. The third Asian Ministerial Conference on Tiger Conservation starts Monday in New Delhi, India. ](/news/2016/04/10/the-world-wildlife-fund-reports-global-populations-of-tigers-an-endangered-species-are-up-about-20-percent-over-the-past-six-years-this-i.md) _Context: New Delhi_
8. [Jat protesters reach an agreement with the Indian government on increased reservations similar to those authorized for economically disadvantaged lower castes. Authorities say at least 19 people have been killed in the three-day demonstrations. Protest leaders call for reopening blockaded roads in the northern state of Haryana. Water restrictions, implemented after protesters damaged the water station's New Dehli feed, remain in effect while engineers repair the equipment. ](/news/2016/02/22/jat-protesters-reach-an-agreement-with-the-indian-government-on-increased-reservations-similar-to-those-authorized-for-economically-disadvan.md) _Context: Haryana_
9. [An Indian Border Security Force plane headed to Ranchi crashes just outside New Delhi, killing all 10 on board. The Super King Air turboprop aircraft hit an airport wall and landed in a small body of water. ](/news/2015/12/22/an-indian-border-security-force-plane-headed-to-ranchi-crashes-just-outside-new-delhi-killing-all-10-on-board-the-super-king-air-turboprop.md) _Context: New Delhi_
10. [The capitals of the world's two most populous nations, China and India, are blanketed in hazardous, choking smog. Beijing, on the second-highest pollution alert, is closing highways, halting or suspending construction while warning residents to stay indoors. The U.S. New Delhi embassy's monitoring station recorded an air quality index of 372, putting air pollution levels into "hazardous" territory. No action by the New Delhi government. ](/news/2015/11/30/the-capitals-of-the-worldas-two-most-populous-nations-china-and-india-are-blanketed-in-hazardous-choking-smog-beijing-on-the-second-h.md) _Context: New Delhi_
