### [2017-08-25](/news/2017/08/25/index.md)

# Rohingya insurgency in Western Myanmar: 2016-17 Northern Rakhine State clashes: Government officials in Myanmar report that 12 security personnel (ten policemen, one soldier and one immigration officer) and 59 Rohingya insurgents were killed overnight during coordinated attacks by insurgents on at least 26 police posts and an army base in Rakhine State. 

Twelve security personnel and 59 Muslim militants die in attacks on police posts, the army says.


### Source:

1. [AP](https://apnews.com/37103be49dd249af8f2e7297b599fb41/Myanmar:-25-dead-in-militant-attacks-on-police,-border-posts)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-41046729)

### Related:

1. [2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar: A mob of at least a hundred Rakhine Buddhists in Sittwe, Rakhine State, Myanmar, attack seven Rohingya men from Dapaing Camp for internally displaced persons, killing one and severely injuring another. The Rohingya men were being escorted by police to Sittwe's docks to purchase boats, but were attacked despite armed guards being present. ](/news/2017/07/4/2016-17-rohingya-persecution-in-myanmar-a-mob-of-at-least-a-hundred-rakhine-buddhists-in-sittwe-rakhine-state-myanmar-attack-seven-roh.md) _Context: Myanmar, Rakhine State, Rohingya_
2. [The United Nations calls for action to end renewed hostilities between ethnic Buddhists and Muslim Rohingya in Myanmar's western Rakhine State that have killed dozens and displaced more than 22,500. ](/news/2012/10/28/the-united-nations-calls-for-action-to-end-renewed-hostilities-between-ethnic-buddhists-and-muslim-rohingya-in-myanmar-s-western-rakhine-sta.md) _Context: Myanmar, Rakhine State, Rohingya_
3. [2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar: The United Nations Human Rights Council releases a report detailing mass atrocities by the military and police forces against Myanmar's Rohingya minority, including gang-rapes, mass killings, and possible ethnic cleansing, which could amount to crimes against humanity. ](/news/2017/02/3/2016-17-rohingya-persecution-in-myanmar-the-united-nations-human-rights-council-releases-a-report-detailing-mass-atrocities-by-the-milita.md) _Context: Myanmar, Rohingya_
4. [2016-17 Rohingya persecution in Myanmar: According to Myanmar's military, it has ended its "clearance operation" against the country's Rohingya minority in Rakhine State, which the United Nations says may amount to ethnic cleansing and crimes against humanity. ](/news/2017/02/16/2016-17-rohingya-persecution-in-myanmar-according-to-myanmar-s-military-it-has-ended-its-clearance-operation-against-the-country-s-roh.md) _Context: Rakhine State, Rohingya_
5. [Rohingya protests: Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak leads a protest rally against the persecution of Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority in the predominately Buddhist country, and calls on Myanmar State Counsellor Aung San Suu Kyi and the United Nations to address the Rohingya's plight and end the violence. Myanmar's president's office said the rally is timed for Malaysian political purposes, and that Malaysia should respect the Association of Southeast Asian Nations's principle on sovereignty. ](/news/2016/12/4/rohingya-protests-malaysian-prime-minister-najib-razak-leads-a-protest-rally-against-the-persecution-of-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority.md) _Context: Myanmar, Rohingya_
6. [Rohingya insurgency in Western Myanmar: The Government of Malaysia claims that violence against Myanmar's Muslim Rohingya minority is "ethnic cleansing" ahead of a march in Kuala Lumpur led by Prime Minister Najib Razak. ](/news/2016/12/3/rohingya-insurgency-in-western-myanmar-the-government-of-malaysia-claims-that-violence-against-myanmar-s-muslim-rohingya-minority-is-ethni.md) _Context: Myanmar, Rohingya insurgency in Western Myanmar_
7. [Rohingya conflict: A United Nations official accuses Myanmar of committing genocide against the Rohingya. ](/news/2016/11/24/rohingya-conflict-a-united-nations-official-accuses-myanmar-of-committing-genocide-against-the-rohingya.md) _Context: Myanmar, Rohingya_
8. [Internal conflict in Myanmar: Rohingya insurgency in Western Myanmar: Eight people are killed and 36 are arrested in clashes between the Myanmar Army and what are believed to be Rohingya insurgents in Rakhine State. ](/news/2016/11/13/internal-conflict-in-myanmar-rohingya-insurgency-in-western-myanmar-eight-people-are-killed-and-36-are-arrested-in-clashes-between-the-mya.md) _Context: Rakhine State, Rohingya insurgency in Western Myanmar_
9. [Rohingya insurgency in Western Myanmar: The four-day death toll from fighting in Rakhine State stands at 39, including 13 army and police personnel. ](/news/2016/10/12/rohingya-insurgency-in-western-myanmar-the-four-day-death-toll-from-fighting-in-rakhine-state-stands-at-39-including-13-army-and-police-pe.md) _Context: Rakhine State, Rohingya insurgency in Western Myanmar_
10. [Rohingya insurgency in Western Myanmar: In a third day of fighting, an attack in Rakhine State kills four Myanmar soldiers. ](/news/2016/10/11/rohingya-insurgency-in-western-myanmar-in-a-third-day-of-fighting-an-attack-in-rakhine-state-kills-four-myanmar-soldiers.md) _Context: Rakhine State, Rohingya insurgency in Western Myanmar_
