
Formats: [HTML](/news/2017/08/25/thailand-s-supreme-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-who-didn-t-appear-in-court-for-the-verdict.html)  [JSON](/news/2017/08/25/thailand-s-supreme-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-who-didn-t-appear-in-court-for-the-verdict.json)  [XML](/news/2017/08/25/thailand-s-supreme-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-who-didn-t-appear-in-court-for-the-verdict.xml)  

### [2017-08-25](/news/2017/08/25/index.md)

##### Trial of Yingluck Shinawatra
# Thailand's Supreme Court issues an arrest warrant for former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra, who didn't appear in court for the verdict in her negligence trial regarding a rice subsidy program for farmers. The court also issued a statement questioning her attorney's report that she is unwell and a potential flight risk, citing the lack of a physician's certificate. The reading of the verdict has been rescheduled to September 27. Sources within Shinawatra's party Pheu Thai Party have said that she has allegedly fled the country, though not saying where to, in response current prime minister Prayuth Chan-ocha has ordered the border checkpoints to be closely monitored to prevent Shinawatra leaving the country if she has not already. 

Ousted Thai prime minister Yingluck Shinawatra has fled the country ahead of a verdict against her in a negligence trial brought by the junta that overthrew her, sources close to the Shinawatra family said on Friday.


### Sources:

1. [BBC Asia](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-41046993)
2. [Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-thailand-politics-idUSKCN1B50AR)
3. [The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/08/24/world/asia/thailand-yingluck-shinawatra-trial-verdict-arrest-warrant.html)
4. [The Sydney Morning Herald](http://www.smh.com.au/world/yingluck-shinawatra-trial-supreme-court-seeks-arrest-of-former-prime-minister-20170825-gy42xb.html)
4. [Cover Image](https://s3.reutersmedia.net/resources/r/?m=02&d=20170825&t=2&i=1198489267&w=1200&r=LYNXNPED7O08O)

### Changes:

1. [Trial of Yingluck Shinawatra: Thailand's Supreme Court issues an arrest warrant for former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra, who didn't appear in court for the verdict in her negligence trial regarding a rice subsidy program for farmers. The court also issued a statement questioning her attorney's report that she is unwell and a potential flight risk, citing the lack of a physician's certificate. The reading of the verdict has been rescheduled to September 27. Sources within Shinawatra's party Pheu Thai Party have said that she has allegedly fled the country, though not saying where to, in response current prime minister Prayuth Chan-ocha has ordered the border checkpoints to be closely monitored to prevent Shinawatra leaving the country if she has not already. ](/news/2017/08/25/trial-of-yingluck-shinawatra-thailand-s-supreme-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-who-didn-t-ap.md) _2017-08-27 17:30:04 (First version)_
1. [Thailand's Supreme Court issues an arrest warrant for former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra, who didn't appear in court for the verdict in her negligence trial regarding a rice subsidy program for farmers. The court also issued a statement questioning her attorney's report that she is unwell and a potential flight risk, citing the lack of a physician's certificate. The reading of the verdict has been rescheduled to September 27. Sources within Shinawatra's party Pheu Thai Party have said that she has allegedly fled the country, though not saying where to, in response current prime minister Prayuth Chan-ocha has ordered the border checkpoints to be closely monitored to prevent Shinawatra leaving the country if she has not already. ](/news/2017/08/25/thailand-s-supreme-court-issues-an-arrest-warrant-for-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-who-didn-t-appear-in-court-for-the-verdict.md) _(Current version)_

### Related:

1. [Senior members of the Pheu Thai Party report former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra left Thailand last week ahead of the verdict in her negligence trial. She is in Dubai where her brother, Thaksin Shinawatra, lives. ](/news/2017/08/26/senior-members-of-the-pheu-thai-party-report-former-prime-minister-yingluck-shinawatra-left-thailand-last-week-ahead-of-the-verdict-in-her-n.md) _Context: Pheu Thai Party, Prime Minister, Trial of Yingluck Shinawatra, Yingluck Shinawatra_
2. [Royal Thai Army chief and coup leader General Prayuth Chan-ocha detains former Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra after summoning her for talks a day after the coup. ](/news/2014/05/23/royal-thai-army-chief-and-coup-leader-general-prayuth-chan-ocha-detains-former-prime-minister-of-thailand-yingluck-shinawatra-after-summonin.md) _Context: Prayuth Chan-ocha, Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
3. [Thailand votes in its 26th general election with results showing the Pheu Thai Party loyal to former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra winning a majority. Yingluck Shinawatra, the opposition party leader, is expected to be the first female Prime Minister of Thailand. ](/news/2011/07/3/thailand-votes-in-its-26th-general-election-with-results-showing-the-pheu-thai-party-loyal-to-former-prime-minister-thaksin-shinawatra-winni.md) _Context: Pheu Thai Party, Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
4. [Former Prime Minister of Thailand Yingluck Shinawatra appears in court to face corruption charges. ](/news/2016/01/15/former-prime-minister-of-thailand-yingluck-shinawatra-appears-in-court-to-face-corruption-charges.md) _Context: Prime Minister, Yingluck Shinawatra_
5. [Thai Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha orders officials to improve aviation safety standards after the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) downgraded Thailand's safety ratings. The lower rating is for failure to tackle commercial aviation standards shortcomings found in an audit this year. The European Aviation Safety Agency is due to announce the results of its own audit later in December. ](/news/2015/12/2/thai-prime-minister-prayuth-chan-ocha-orders-officials-to-improve-aviation-safety-standards-after-the-u-s-federal-aviation-administration.md) _Context: Prayuth Chan-ocha, Prime Minister_
