### [2017-08-25](/news/2017/08/25/index.md)

# U.S. President Donald Trump pardons former sheriff of Maricopa County, Arizona, Joe Arpaio. 

President Trump grants pardon to former Sheriff Joe Arpaio of Arizona.


### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/president-trump-grants-pardon-to-former-sheriff-joe-arpaio-of-arizona/2017/08/25/84878658-89f2-11e7-96a7-d178cf3524eb_story.html?utm_term=.1c74ba3f5374)

### Related:

1. [Republican Party presidential candidates, 2016: Two dozen protesters park their cars in the middle of Shea Boulevard, and block the main road to the Phoenix suburb of Fountain Hills, Arizona, where Donald Trump's campaign rally with former Arizona Governor Jan Brewer, and controversial sheriff Joe Arpaio was held. For hours, traffic was backed up for miles. The road was eventually cleared. Three protesters were arrested and two cars were towed from the boulevard. ](/news/2016/03/19/republican-party-presidential-candidates-2016-two-dozen-protesters-park-their-cars-in-the-middle-of-shea-boulevard-and-block-the-main-roa.md) _Context: Donald Trump, Joe Arpaio, sheriff_
2. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military: Five transgender United States military personnel sue President Donald Trump and top Pentagon officials over the President's policy change announced late last month banning transgender people from serving in the military. The suit asks the court to prevent the ban from going into effect. ](/news/2017/08/9/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-five-transgender-united-states-military-personnel-sue-president-donald.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President_
3. [Russia-United States relations: President of the United States Donald Trump signs the Countering America-s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act. Prime Minister of Russia Dmitry Medvedev calls it a "trade war". ](/news/2017/08/2/russia-united-states-relations-president-of-the-united-states-donald-trump-signs-the-countering-america-s-adversaries-through-sanctions.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President_
4. [Political appointments by Donald Trump: Steve Bannon resigns as President Donald Trump's White House Chief Strategist. ](/news/2017/08/18/political-appointments-by-donald-trump-steve-bannon-resigns-as-president-donald-trump-s-white-house-chief-strategist.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President_
5. [Presidency of Donald Trump: President Donald Trump has ended his planned Presidential Advisory Council on Infrastructure after only a month, coming a day after two other advisory councils, the Strategic and Policy Forum and the American Manufacturing Council, were scrapped. No reason was given. ](/news/2017/08/17/presidency-of-donald-trump-president-donald-trump-has-ended-his-planned-presidential-advisory-council-on-infrastructure-after-only-a-month.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President_
6. [CNN controversies: CNN is accused of threatening to reveal the personal identity of a Reddit user who made a GIF depicting United States President Donald Trump tackling a man to the ground, with CNN's logo superimposed on the man's face. The GIF was modified and posted on Trump's Twitter feed. ](/news/2017/07/4/cnn-controversies-cnn-is-accused-of-threatening-to-reveal-the-personal-identity-of-a-reddit-user-who-made-a-gif-depicting-united-states-pre.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President_
7. [Sexual orientation and gender identity in the United States military: U.S. President Donald Trump tweets that transgender Americans will not be allowed to serve "in any capacity" in the United States Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/07/26/sexual-orientation-and-gender-identity-in-the-united-states-military-u-s-president-donald-trump-tweets-that-transgender-americans-will-not.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President_
8. [Efforts to impeach Donald Trump: Representative Brad Sherman files the first articles for the formal impeachment of Donald Trump in his position of President of the United States. ](/news/2017/07/12/efforts-to-impeach-donald-trump-representative-brad-sherman-files-the-first-articles-for-the-formal-impeachment-of-donald-trump-in-his-posi.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President_
9. [Mexico-United States wall: United States President Donald Trump plans on adding solar panels to his proposed border wall with Mexico. ](/news/2017/06/22/mexico-united-states-wall-united-states-president-donald-trump-plans-on-adding-solar-panels-to-his-proposed-border-wall-with-mexico.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President_
10. [United States withdrawal from the Paris Agreement: U.S. President Donald Trump confirms that the United States will withdraw from the 2015 Paris Agreement on climate change mitigation. ](/news/2017/06/1/united-states-withdrawal-from-the-paris-agreement-u-s-president-donald-trump-confirms-that-the-united-states-will-withdraw-from-the-2015-p.md) _Context: Donald Trump, President_
