### [2016-08-18](/news/2016/08/18/index.md)

# Syrian government warplanes bomb Kurdish-held areas of Al-Hasakah for the first time in the country's five-year civil war, killing at least 13 people. 

Syrian government jets reportedly bomb Kurdish-held areas of the north-eastern city of Hassakeh for the first time since the civil war began in 2011.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-37122811)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-hasaka-idUSKCN10T11T)

### Related:

1. [A suspected female suicide bomber kills at least 20 people at a Kurdish wedding in the Syrian city of Al-Hasakah. ](/news/2016/10/3/a-suspected-female-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-20-people-at-a-kurdish-wedding-in-the-syrian-city-of-al-hasakah.md) _Context: Al-Hasakah, Kurdish, Syrian Civil War_
2. [Suspected Syrian or Russian warplanes conduct airstrikes on a residential area and a school in Haas village in rebel-held Idlib Governorate, killing at least 26 civilians, most of them children. ](/news/2016/10/26/suspected-syrian-or-russian-warplanes-conduct-airstrikes-on-a-residential-area-and-a-school-in-haas-village-in-rebel-held-idlib-governorate.md) _Context: Syrian, Syrian Civil War_
3. [Several bombings kill at least 40 people in government and Kurdish held territory across Syria, including Tartus, Homs, Al-Hasakah and Damascus. The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility. ](/news/2016/09/5/several-bombings-kill-at-least-40-people-in-government-and-kurdish-held-territory-across-syria-including-tartus-homs-al-hasakah-and-damas.md) _Context: Al-Hasakah, Syrian Civil War_
4. [Amaq News Agency claims ISIL is responsible for shooting down a Syrian Air Force fighter jet over Deir ez-Zor. The London-based SOHR says the MiG pilot was killed. ](/news/2016/09/18/amaq-news-agency-claims-isil-is-responsible-for-shooting-down-a-syrian-air-force-fighter-jet-over-deir-ez-zor-the-london-based-sohr-says-th.md) _Context: Syrian, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian government airstrikes in Damascus kill at least 30 people. According to the rebels, the airstrikes were revenge for the killing of a Syrian Air Force pilot by Al-Nusra Front yesterday. The airstrikes reportedly targeted a medical centre and a school. ](/news/2016/07/2/syrian-government-airstrikes-in-damascus-kill-at-least-30-people-according-to-the-rebels-the-airstrikes-were-revenge-for-the-killing-of-a.md) _Context: Syrian, Syrian Civil War_
6. [At least three people are killed and three more injured as hundreds of Syrian Kurds flee Aleppo Province villages controlled by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, which continues to abduct and enslave Kurds. Yesterday, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported ISIL militants have kidnapped about 900 civilians over the past three weeks. ](/news/2016/06/25/at-least-three-people-are-killed-and-three-more-injured-as-hundreds-of-syrian-kurds-flee-aleppo-province-villages-controlled-by-the-islamic.md) _Context: Kurdish, Syrian Civil War_
7. [The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reports ISIL militants have kidnapped about 900 Syrian Kurdish civilians from Aleppo over the past three weeks in retaliation for the Kurdish and US-backed Syrian Democratic Forces attack on Manbij. The captives are being forced to build fortifications for the extremists. At least 26 of those abducted reportedly have been killed for refusing to follow ISIL orders. ](/news/2016/06/24/the-britain-based-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-reports-isil-militants-have-kidnapped-about-900-syrian-kurdish-civilians-from-aleppo-o.md) _Context: Kurdish, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Al-Nusra Front militants shoot down a Syrian Arab Air Force Sukhoi Su-22 fighter jet and capture its pilot in the northern Aleppo Governorate. ](/news/2016/04/5/al-nusra-front-militants-shoot-down-a-syrian-arab-air-force-sukhoi-su-22-fighter-jet-and-capture-its-pilot-in-the-northern-aleppo-governorat.md) _Context: Syrian, Syrian Civil War_
9. [ISIL claims to have shot down a Syrian Arab Air Force MiG-23, southeast of Damascus, and captured its pilot. Amaq News Agency, which supports ISIL, gave the pilot's name as Azzam Eid, from Hama. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says it was not clear whether the plane had been shot down or crashed because of mechanical failure. ](/news/2016/04/23/isil-claims-to-have-shot-down-a-syrian-arab-air-force-mig-23-southeast-of-damascus-and-captured-its-pilot-amaq-news-agency-which-support.md) _Context: Syrian, Syrian Civil War_
10. [A Syrian Arab Air Force or Russian airstrike reportedly kills a dozen people at a market selling diesel fuel in the rebel-held Idlib Governorate. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says the death toll is likely to rise. ](/news/2016/03/7/a-syrian-arab-air-force-or-russian-airstrike-reportedly-kills-a-dozen-people-at-a-market-selling-diesel-fuel-in-the-rebel-held-idlib-governo.md) _Context: Syrian, Syrian Civil War_
