### [2016-08-18](/news/2016/08/18/index.md)

# Twitter announces 235,000 terror-linked accounts have been suspended over the past six months amid increasing pressure on tech companies from the White House to censor extremists from groups like ISIS.  

The social media giant has deactivated the accounts over the last six months


### Source:

1. [CBS News](http://www.cbsnews.com/news/twitter-announces-it-has-suspended-235000-terror-linked-accounts/)

### Related:

1. [The father of  Cal State Long Beach student Nohemi Gonzalez, the only American killed in the November 13, 2015, Paris massacre, files suit in San Francisco, California, federal court against Twitter, Facebook, and Google, alleging the companies provided "material support" to the Islamic State and other extremist groups. While  generally free of liability under U.S. law  which  provides a legal ''safe harbor'' for content posted, this case targets  the behavior social media companies enable. The suit is very similar to a case brought against Twitter in January by the widow of a contractor killed in the November 9, 2015, attack in Jordan. ](/news/2016/06/15/the-father-of-cal-state-long-beach-student-nohemi-gonzalez-the-only-american-killed-in-the-november-13-2015-paris-massacre-files-suit-i.md) _Context: ISIL, Twitter_
2. [Twitter claims to have closed down 125,000 accounts linked to ISIL. ](/news/2016/02/6/twitter-claims-to-have-closed-down-125-000-accounts-linked-to-isil.md) _Context: ISIL, Twitter_
3. [Apparent ISIL computer hackers attack the feeds for the United States Central Command for Twitter and YouTube. ](/news/2015/01/12/apparent-isil-computer-hackers-attack-the-feeds-for-the-united-states-central-command-for-twitter-and-youtube.md) _Context: ISIL, Twitter_
4. [Despite opposition from Turkey, President Donald Trump authorizes an arms deal with the Syrian Kurds to assist the Syrian Democratic Forces in their fight against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). ](/news/2017/05/9/despite-opposition-from-turkey-president-donald-trump-authorizes-an-arms-deal-with-the-syrian-kurds-to-assist-the-syrian-democratic-forces.md) _Context: ISIL_
5. [Campaigning in the United Kingdom general election is suspended after the bombing at the Manchester Arena. The death toll is 22 with 59 injured. ISIL claims responsibility. Singer/actress Ariana Grande suspends her "Dangerous Woman" tour. ](/news/2017/05/23/campaigning-in-the-united-kingdom-general-election-is-suspended-after-the-bombing-at-the-manchester-arena-the-death-toll-is-22-with-59-inju.md) _Context: ISIL_
6. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, at least 38 people are killed, including civilians and Syrian Democratic Forces fighters, after ISIL militants attack a camp for displaced Syrian and Iraqi refugees near Al-Shaddadah, Al-Hasakah Governorate. ](/news/2017/05/2/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-at-least-38-people-are-killed-including-civilians-and-syrian-democratic-forces-fighte.md) _Context: ISIL_
7. [According to a current and a former unnamed U.S. government official, President Donald Trump revealed classified information that jeopardized a critical source of intelligence on the Islamic State during  his Oval Office meeting with the Russian Foreign Minister and Ambassador on May 10. ](/news/2017/05/15/according-to-a-current-and-a-former-unnamed-u-s-government-official-president-donald-trump-revealed-classified-information-that-jeopardize.md) _Context: ISIL_
8. [A U.S. special forces service member is killed while taking part in an operation against ISIL militants in Afghanistan's eastern Nangarhar Province. ](/news/2017/04/8/a-u-s-special-forces-service-member-is-killed-while-taking-part-in-an-operation-against-isil-militants-in-afghanistan-s-eastern-nangarhar-p.md) _Context: ISIL_
9. [The U.S. Department of Homeland Security withdraws its order that Twitter  unmask a user whose tweets are critical of President Donald Trump following the company's court filing to block the order on constitutional grounds. ](/news/2017/04/7/the-u-s-department-of-homeland-security-withdraws-its-order-that-twitter-unmask-a-user-whose-tweets-are-critical-of-president-donald-trump.md) _Context: Twitter_
10. [According to security sources, dozens of people are killed in an overnight attack in Tikrit by suspected ISIL militants. 31 bodies were taken to a hospital, according to a local doctor, while more continued to be found by morning. ](/news/2017/04/5/according-to-security-sources-dozens-of-people-are-killed-in-an-overnight-attack-in-tikrit-by-suspected-isil-militants-31-bodies-were-take.md) _Context: ISIL_
