### [2005-06-7](/news/2005/06/7/index.md)

#  Human Rights Watch demands investigation about the unrest in Uzbekistan, accusing the leaders of the country trying to cover up a "massacre" 




### Source:

1. [Reuters AlertNet](http://www.alertnet.org/thenews/newsdesk/L07355817.htm)
2. [RIA Novosti](http://en.rian.ru/world/20050607/40486090.html)
3. [Human Rights Watch](http://www.hrw.org/english/docs/2005/06/07/uzbeki11077.htm)

### Related:

1. [Israel denies entry to Omar Shakir, a researcher for Human Rights Watch and an American citizen, because the organization  engages in so-called Palestinian propaganda. HRW's Sari Bashi said, "This Israeli government has been narrowing the space for democratic activity,"  by closing the country off to critics.  Later, the Israel government  would grant Mr. Shakir a tourist visa while considering HRW's appeal on the work visa. ](/news/2017/02/24/israel-denies-entry-to-omar-shakir-a-researcher-for-human-rights-watch-and-an-american-citizen-because-the-organization-engages-in-so-cal.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
2. [Voters in Uzbekistan go to the polls for a presidential election, the first since the death of Islam Karimov who governed the country for 25 years. ](/news/2016/12/4/voters-in-uzbekistan-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-the-first-since-the-death-of-islam-karimov-who-governed-the-country-for-25.md) _Context: Uzbekistan_
3. [Human Rights Watch says that Kurdish Regional Government forces have destroyed Arab homes and villages in northern Iraq in what may amount to a war crime. ](/news/2016/11/13/human-rights-watch-says-that-kurdish-regional-government-forces-have-destroyed-arab-homes-and-villages-in-northern-iraq-in-what-may-amount-t.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
4. [Uzbekistan's parliament appoints Shavkat Mirziyoyev as interim president after the death of President Islam Karimov. ](/news/2016/09/8/uzbekistanas-parliament-appoints-shavkat-mirziyoyev-as-interim-president-after-the-death-of-president-islam-karimov.md) _Context: Uzbekistan_
5. [President Islam Karimov of Uzbekistan dies after 27 years in office. ](/news/2016/09/2/president-islam-karimov-of-uzbekistan-dies-after-27-years-in-office.md) _Context: Uzbekistan_
6. [Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump says he plans to ban immigration from Afghanistan, Iraq, Morocco, Pakistan, the Philippines, Somalia, Syria, Uzbekistan and Yemen. ](/news/2016/08/5/republican-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-says-he-plans-to-ban-immigration-from-afghanistan-iraq-morocco-pakistan-the-philippines.md) _Context: Uzbekistan_
7. [A Turkish official reports the three suspected Islamic State suicide bombers who killed 44 people and wounded 238 others were Russian, Uzbek, and Kyrgyz nationals. ](/news/2016/06/30/a-turkish-official-reports-the-three-suspected-islamic-state-suicide-bombers-who-killed-44-people-and-wounded-238-others-were-russian-uzbek.md) _Context: Uzbekistan_
8. [Egypt tries 237 activists, who face jail terms of up to three years, arrested for protesting without permits against President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi. Thousands demonstrated this month following the Sisi government's decision to hand over two uninhabited islands in the Straits of Tiran to Saudi Arabia. Human Rights Watch says at least 382 had been arrested. ](/news/2016/04/30/egypt-tries-237-activists-who-face-jail-terms-of-up-to-three-years-arrested-for-protesting-without-permits-against-president-abdel-fattah.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
9. [A Catalan official says the 13 exchange students killed in Sunday's accident were 19-to-25-year-old women,  seven from Italy, two Germans, an Austrian, a woman from France, a Romanian and an Uzbek. Twenty-four people are  being treated in hospital with one student in critical condition, and six people, including the driver, in serious condition. Reports from officials indicate the driver lost control of the coach and crashed to the other side before running into an oncoming car. The bus driver, who passed alcohol and drug tests, is being investigated for possible negligent homicide as police seek to determine the cause of the crash. ](/news/2016/03/21/a-catalan-official-says-the-13-exchange-students-killed-in-sunday-s-accident-were-19-to-25-year-old-women-seven-from-italy-two-germans-a.md) _Context: Uzbekistan_
10. [ European Union leaders offer Turkey a detailed package of cash and incentives to agree that all migrants attempting to cross the Aegean Sea by raft or boat would be sent back to Turkey which, in effect, becomes the region's migrant holding center. A number of stumbling blocks remain, such as raising the amount of aid from 3 billion euros to at least 6 billion euros; reducing the "72 arduous conditions" the Turks must meet to implement visa-free travel for Turkish citizens;  Europe agrees to  accelerate talks with Ankara on its EU bid; etc.  Human Rights Watch protests the proposed  fast-track collective expulsions that fail to take individual circumstances into account and breach peoples' right to seek asylum. ](/news/2016/03/18/european-union-leaders-offer-turkey-a-detailed-package-of-cash-and-incentives-to-agree-that-all-migrants-attempting-to-cross-the-aegean-sea.md) _Context: Human Rights Watch_
