### [2005-06-7](/news/2005/06/7/index.md)

#  The National Assembly of the Republic of China approves a package of amendments to the Constitution of the Republic of China to halve the number of seats in the Legislative Yuan and abolish itself.

Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) Chairman Su Tseng-chang (蘇貞昌) said yesterday that the second phase of constitutional reform that President Chen Shui-bian (陳水扁) has vowed to pursue -- which he says will create a new constitution suited to Taiwan by 2008 -- will commence as soon as the National Assembly approves a first round of constitutional amendments today.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/newsArticle.jhtml?type=topNews&storyID=8712780)
2. [Taipei Times](http://www.taipeitimes.com/News/front/archives/2005/06/07/2003258257)
3. [TaiwanNews](http://www.etaiwannews.com/Editorial/2005/06/07/1118113122.htm)
3. [Cover Image](http://www.taipeitimes.com/images/logo.gif)

### Related:

1. [ Politics of Taiwan: The Legislative Yuan proposes a package of amendments by 217-1 that includes halving the number of legislators and abolishing the National Assembly. ](/news/2004/08/23/politics-of-taiwan-the-legislative-yuan-proposes-a-package-of-amendments-by-217a1-that-includes-halving-the-number-of-legislators-and-ab.md) _Context: National Assembly of the Republic of China, legislative chamber_
2. [Since March 18th, protesters occupy the legislative chamber, opposing the vote without review of the Cross-Strait Service Trade Agreement, denouncing a agreement signed 'in a black box.'date=April 2014Between 116,000 and 500,000 protesters march to the Presidential Office, in opposition to recent governmental push for Cross-Strait Service Trade Agreement vote and other related issues. ](/news/2014/03/30/since-march-18th-protesters-occupy-the-legislative-chamber-opposing-the-vote-without-review-of-the-cross-strait-service-trade-agreement-d.md) _Context: legislative chamber_
3. [Protesters opposed to the vote of the Cross-Strait Trade Agreement without a clause-by-clause review continue to occupy the Taiwanese parliament.Protesters push to occupy the nearby Executive Yuan as well. ](/news/2014/03/23/protesters-opposed-to-the-vote-of-the-cross-strait-trade-agreement-without-a-clause-by-clause-review-continue-to-occupy-the-taiwanese-parlia.md) _Context: legislative chamber_
4. [Protesters storm and occupy the Legislative Yuan in Taiwan due to a unilateral move by the Kuomintang that forces the Cross-Strait Service Trade Agreement to the legislative floor without giving it an item-by-item review. ](/news/2014/03/18/protesters-storm-and-occupy-the-legislative-yuan-in-taiwan-due-to-a-unilateral-move-by-the-kuomintang-that-forces-the-cross-strait-service-t.md) _Context: legislative chamber_
5. [ Republic of China legislative election, 2008: The Kuomintang (KMT) and its coalition allies win a landslide victory over the Democratic Progressive Party, garnering 86 of 113 seats in the Legislative Yuan. ](/news/2008/01/12/republic-of-china-legislative-election-2008-the-kuomintang-kmt-and-its-coalition-allies-win-a-landslide-victory-over-the-democratic-pro.md) _Context: legislative chamber_
6. [ A vote in the Legislative Yuan to recall Taiwanese President Chen Shui-bian, who is implicated in numerous corruption scandals, fails to gain the necessary two-thirds majority. ](/news/2006/06/27/a-vote-in-the-legislative-yuan-to-recall-taiwanese-president-chen-shui-bian-who-is-implicated-in-numerous-corruption-scandals-fails-to-ga.md) _Context: legislative chamber_
7. [ A motion to vote on a bill opening the Three Links between mainland China and Taiwan is defeated for the third time in the Legislative Yuan of the Republic of China when a Democratic Progressive Party lawmaker tries to eat the written cloture motion. The opposition Pan-Blue Coalition controls the legislature and would have likely passed the bill. ](/news/2006/05/30/a-motion-to-vote-on-a-bill-opening-the-three-links-between-mainland-china-and-taiwan-is-defeated-for-the-third-time-in-the-legislative-yuan.md) _Context: legislative chamber_
8. [ In Taiwan, despite a low voter turnout, the Pan-Green Coalition wins the National Assembly election, with 49.6 % of the votes and 149 seats out of the 300 in the National Assembly of the Republic of China. ](/news/2005/05/14/in-taiwan-despite-a-low-voter-turnout-the-pan-green-coalition-wins-the-national-assembly-election-with-49-6-of-the-votes-and-149-seats.md) _Context: National Assembly of the Republic of China_
9. [ RoC Premier Yu Shyi-kun is prevented for six hours from delivering a key government report on the floor of the Legislative Yuan when opposition lawmakers, refusing to recognize President Chen Shui-bian's narrow re-election on March 20, tore up his report and unfurled banners and placards with the words "no truth, no president" and "bogus regime". ](/news/2004/06/1/roc-premier-yu-shyi-kun-is-prevented-for-six-hours-from-delivering-a-key-government-report-on-the-floor-of-the-legislative-yuan-when-opposi.md) _Context: legislative chamber_
10. [ The Legislative Yuan in Taiwan passes a bill mandating that official documents in Chinese be written from left to right instead of right to left, ending centuries of tradition. ](/news/2004/05/4/the-legislative-yuan-in-taiwan-passes-a-bill-mandating-that-official-documents-in-chinese-be-written-from-left-to-right-instead-of-right-to.md) _Context: legislative chamber_
