### [2015-12-25](/news/2015/12/25/index.md)

# At least 17 people are injured in Peshawar, Pakistan, and five people are hurt in Afghanistan's Nangarhar Province after a 6.3-magnitude earthquake hit near the Afghanistan-Tajikistan border. The epicenter is in Afghanistan's quake-prone Ishkashim district, a mountainous area where mainly impoverished farmers live in homes made with mud, according to Peshawar District Officer Muhmand Asim Khan. Other details about damage or casualties are not presently available. 

It came two months after more than 300 people were killed by a quake in the same mountainous region in Afghanistan.


### Source:

1. [BNO News](http://bnonews.com/news/index.php/news/id3119)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2015/12/25/asia/afghanistan-tajikistan-earthquake/)
3. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/6-2-magnitude-earthquake-hits-northern-afghanistan-pakistan-n485931)
4. [USGS](http://earthquake.usgs.gov/earthquakes/eventpage/us100049i1#general_summary)
4. [Cover Image](https://media2.s-nbcnews.com/j/newscms/2015_52/1353801/05080962_1b811c84e8fabfda767bc3a7cae56992.nbcnews-fp-1200-800.jpg)

### Related:

1. [ A powerful, magnitude 7.2 earthquake has shaken Tajikistan. It was felt as far away as India, Pakistan, and Afghanistan. No damage or casualties have been reported as the epicenter lies within the vast Badakhshan national park. The US Geological Survey describes the area as one of the "most seismically hazardous regions on Earth" because of tectonic activity along shifting fault lines. ](/news/2015/12/7/a-powerful-magnitude-7-2-earthquake-has-shaken-tajikistan-it-was-felt-as-far-away-as-india-pakistan-and-afghanistan-no-damage-or-casua.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Pakistan, Tajikistan, earthquake_
2. [Officials report at least four people died and more than 100 were injured, most in Pakistan, after Friday night's 6.3 magnitude earthquake in northeast Afghanistan. Casualty numbers may change since rescue teams have not reached all affected areas. ](/news/2015/12/26/officials-report-at-least-four-people-died-and-more-than-100-were-injured-most-in-pakistan-after-friday-night-s-6-3-magnitude-earthquake-i.md) _Context: Afghanistan, December 2015 Hindu Kush earthquake, Pakistan, magnitude_
3. [A 6.6 magnitude earthquake occurs in northern Afghanistan near the Pakistan border with tremors felt in north India. ](/news/2016/04/10/a-6-6-magnitude-earthquake-occurs-in-northern-afghanistan-near-the-pakistan-border-with-tremors-felt-in-north-india.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Pakistan, earthquake_
4. [Rescuers continue a search for survivors of the earthquake in Afghanistan and Pakistan including in areas controlled by the Taliban. The death toll from the earthquake is 339 with many thousands injured. ](/news/2015/10/27/rescuers-continue-a-search-for-survivors-of-the-earthquake-in-afghanistan-and-pakistan-including-in-areas-controlled-by-the-taliban-the-dea.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Pakistan, earthquake_
5. [An earthquake measuring 7.5 on the Moment magnitude scale (MMS) strikes in the Hindu Kush mountain range in northeastern Afghanistan, 158 miles from Kabul, in the remote province of Badakhshan, one of Afghanistan's most inaccessible regions. Tremors reached as far as New Delhi, India. At least 263 are dead in Afghanistan and nearby northern Pakistan with more than 1,000 injured. The death toll will likely climb since communications in much of the affected areas are cut, and rescue teams had not yet reached districts closest to the epicenter, including some that are controlled by Taliban insurgents. ](/news/2015/10/26/an-earthquake-measuring-7-5-on-the-moment-magnitude-scale-mms-strikes-in-the-hindu-kush-mountain-range-in-northeastern-afghanistan-158-mi.md) _Context: Afghanistan, earthquake, magnitude_
6. [Russia, Afghanistan, Tajikistan and Pakistan agree to step up the fight against terrorism and narcotics in a summit in the Russian Black Sea resort of Sochi. ](/news/2010/08/18/russia-afghanistan-tajikistan-and-pakistan-agree-to-step-up-the-fight-against-terrorism-and-narcotics-in-a-summit-in-the-russian-black-sea.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Pakistan, Tajikistan_
7. [ The Prince of Wales's controversial visit today to a madrassa in the Pakistani town of Peshawar, bordering Afghanistan has been cancelled over fears for his safety, after calls by Islamic leaders for revenge for a Pakistani airstrike that destroyed another religious school about 60 miles away. ](/news/2006/10/31/the-prince-of-walesas-controversial-visit-today-to-a-madrassa-in-the-pakistani-town-of-peshawar-bordering-afghanistan-has-been-cancelled.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Pakistan, Peshawar_
8. [The origin of the zero may have been in South Asia according to a Sanskrit script housed in the United Kingdom since 1902 and discovered in Bakhshali near Peshawar, Pakistan. ](/news/2017/09/14/the-origin-of-the-zero-may-have-been-in-south-asia-according-to-a-sanskrit-script-housed-in-the-united-kingdom-since-1902-and-discovered-in.md) _Context: Pakistan, Peshawar_
9. [A 7.7 magnitude earthquake strikes off Russia's Kamchatka Peninsula, west of the Alaskan Aleutian Island of Attu, in the North Pacific Ocean. No immediate reports of casualties or damage; a tsunami warning was cancelled. ](/news/2017/07/18/a-7-7-magnitude-earthquake-strikes-off-russia-s-kamchatka-peninsula-west-of-the-alaskan-aleutian-island-of-attu-in-the-north-pacific-ocean.md) _Context: earthquake, magnitude_
10. [An Afghan soldier kills 3 U.S. troops and injures 1 other in Achin, Nangarhar Province. The Taliban claims responsibility, saying the Afghan soldier was one of several Taliban infiltrators in the Afghan Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/06/10/an-afghan-soldier-kills-3-u-s-troops-and-injures-1-other-in-achin-nangarhar-province-the-taliban-claims-responsibility-saying-the-afghan.md) _Context: Afghanistan, Nangarhar Province_
