### [2015-12-25](/news/2015/12/25/index.md)

# Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is met by Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif  at Allama Iqbal International Airport in Lahore for a two-hour meeting. Modi's surprise stopover is the first since Indian Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee visited Pakistan in 2004.  

In yet another unannounced stopover, Prime Minister Narendra Modi landed in Lahore on his way back from Kabul this afternoon. The announcement of his visit was made by a tweet the PM put out towards t


### Source:

1. [The Hindu](http://www.thehindu.com/news/modi-stuns-all-with-surprise-stopover-in-lahore-following-unannounced-stop-in-kabul/article8029007.ece)
2. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2015/12/25/asia/india-pm-visits-pakistan/)

### Related:

1. [Pakistan's opposition interrupts Parliament's scheduled session demanding   Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif resign during the investigation of his finances, per Thursday's Supreme Court ruling. ](/news/2017/04/21/pakistan-s-opposition-interrupts-parliament-s-scheduled-session-demanding-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-resign-during-the-investigation-of-h.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister_
2. [Pakistan detains Hafiz Muhammad Saeed, the suspected mastermind of the 2008 attacks in the  Indian city. Saeed, co-founder of the active terrorist organization Lashkar-e-Taiba, is being held under house arrest in Lahore in Pakistan's Punjab Province. Four other men are also under house arrest in the area. ](/news/2017/01/31/pakistan-detains-hafiz-muhammad-saeed-the-suspected-mastermind-of-the-2008-attacks-in-the-indian-city-saeed-co-founder-of-the-active-ter.md) _Context: India, Lahore, Pakistan_
3. [Former President Pervez Musharraf travels to Dubai for medical treatment of his back and leg, before moving on to either the U.S. or U.K. for additional treatment, spokesperson Aasia Ishaque said. Musharraf, 72, will return to Pakistan to face all pending legal cases. Earlier this week, Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's government implemented the Supreme Court ruling, and lifted the 2013 ban that barred  Musharraf from international trips. ](/news/2016/03/18/former-president-pervez-musharraf-travels-to-dubai-for-medical-treatment-of-his-back-and-leg-before-moving-on-to-either-the-u-s-or-u-k-fo.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister_
4. [150 million workers go on strike in India to oppose Prime Minister Narendra Modi's labour market reforms. ](/news/2015/09/2/150-million-workers-go-on-strike-in-india-to-oppose-prime-minister-narendra-modi-s-labour-market-reforms.md) _Context: India, India's Prime Minister, Narendra Modi_
5. [Pakistani protesters armed with sticks and stones clash with police in the centre of Islamabad after protests calling for the resignation of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif turn violent. All schools in the capital have been closed as a result of the clashes. ](/news/2014/09/1/pakistani-protesters-armed-with-sticks-and-stones-clash-with-police-in-the-centre-of-islamabad-after-protests-calling-for-the-resignation-of.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister_
6. [At least three people have been killed in clashes between the Pakistani police and opponents of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif. ](/news/2014/08/31/at-least-three-people-have-been-killed-in-clashes-between-the-pakistani-police-and-opponents-of-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister_
7. [Pakistan protestsThe Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf, the third largest party in Pakistan, announces that it will resign its seats in the National Assembly in order to force Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to resign. ](/news/2014/08/19/pakistan-protestspthe-pakistan-tehreek-e-insaf-the-third-largest-party-in-pakistan-announces-that-it-will-resign-its-seats-in-the-national.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister_
8. [Kashmir conflict:Pakistan claims another of its soldiers is killed from gunfire by Indian troops near the Line of Control. This is the fifth such fatality reported in the past two weeks from either of the neighboring countries who each claim the disputed territory. ](/news/2013/01/15/kashmir-conflict-ppakistan-claims-another-of-its-soldiers-is-killed-from-gunfire-by-indian-troops-near-the-line-of-control-this-is-the-fift.md) _Context: India, India–Pakistan relations, Pakistan_
9. [ Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh meets with Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari. ](/news/2009/06/17/indian-prime-minister-manmohan-singh-meets-with-pakistani-president-asif-ali-zardari.md) _Context: India, India's Prime Minister, Pakistan_
10. [ Pakistan's Supreme Court will allow former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif to stand for election. ](/news/2009/05/26/pakistan-s-supreme-court-will-allow-former-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-to-stand-for-election.md) _Context: Nawaz Sharif, Pakistan, Prime Minister_
