### [2015-12-25](/news/2015/12/25/index.md)

# Japan-South Korea relations. South Korea announces that Foreign Minister Yun Byung-se will meet with Japanese Foreign Minister Fumio Kishida in Seoul Monday to work toward a final settlement concerning sex slavery during World War II. "The Nikkei" reports that Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe plans to create a new government-backed fund, containing over 100 million yen (US$831,200/GBP556,600) to help former South Korean "comfort women," and is also considering making an apology for the wartime sexual enslavement. 

Prime Minister Shinzo Abe aims to resolve a sensitive issue fraying relations with South Korea in the final days of the year marking the 50th anniversary of the normalization of ties between Japan and its former colony.


### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-12-25/abe-bids-to-reconcile-with-park-by-end-of-anniversary-year)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-japan-southkorea-idUSKBN0U801P20151225)
3. [The Korea Times](http://www.koreatimes.co.kr/www/news/nation/2015/12/116_194042.html)
4. [The Nikkei](http://asia.nikkei.com/Politics-Economy/International-Relations/Tokyo-eyes-new-fund-to-assist-comfort-women)

### Related:

1. [Japan-South Korea relations. Japan and South Korea agree to 'irreversibly' resolve a long-running dispute over Korean women the Japanese military used as sex slaves during World War II. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will issue a formal apology to the so-called "comfort women." Tokyo will set up an aid fund of about 1 billion yen ($8.3 million). ](/news/2015/12/28/japan-south-korea-relations-japan-and-south-korea-agree-to-irreversibly-resolve-a-long-running-dispute-over-korean-women-the-japanese-m.md) _Context: Comfort women, Japan-South Korea relations, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe, South Korea, World War II, sex slaves_
2. [Politics of Japan. Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe appoints Taro Kono as Foreign Minister. ](/news/2017/08/3/politics-of-japan-prime-minister-of-japan-shinza-abe-appoints-tara-kano-as-foreign-minister.md) _Context: Foreign Minister, Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
3. [ Japan announces closure of World War II sex slave fund by March 2007. The Asian Women's Fund, set up in 1995, paid 2M yen ($19,470) each in compensation, plus medical and welfare support, to 285 so-called "comfort women" in the Philippines, South Korea and Taiwan. ](/news/2005/05/28/japan-announces-closure-of-world-war-ii-sex-slave-fund-by-march-2007-the-asian-women-s-fund-set-up-in-1995-paid-2m-yen-19-470-each-in.md) _Context: Comfort women, South Korea, World War II_
4. [Japan-United States relations. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe makes a landmark visit to Naval Station Pearl Harbor in Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, offering "sincere and everlasting condolences" to the victims of the attack on Pearl Harbor by the Japanese empire on December 7, 1941. ](/news/2016/12/27/japan-united-states-relations-japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-makes-a-landmark-visit-to-naval-station-pearl-harbor-in-pearl-harbor-h.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
5. [2016 South Korean protests. Tens of thousands protest in the South Korean capital, Seoul, calling for the resignation of President Park Geun-hye over her links with Choi Soon-sil, who was arrested on November 3, and charged with fraud and abuse of power. ](/news/2016/11/5/2016-south-korean-protests-tens-of-thousands-protest-in-the-south-korean-capital-seoul-calling-for-the-resignation-of-president-park-geun.md) _Context: Seoul, South Korea_
6. [Japan-United States relations. Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe becomes the first foreign head of government to meet President-elect of the United States Donald Trump since his election as President on November 8. ](/news/2016/11/17/japan-united-states-relations-japanese-prime-minister-shinza-abe-becomes-the-first-foreign-head-of-government-to-meet-president-elect-of.md) _Context: Prime Minister of Japan, Shinzo Abe_
7. [2016 South Korean protests. As many as 1,000,000 people march on the presidential Blue House in Seoul, South Korea, calling for the resignation of President Park Geun-hye amid an ongoing corruption scandal. It is the largest protest in South Korea since the protests against U.S. beef imports in 2008. ](/news/2016/11/12/2016-south-korean-protests-as-many-as-1-000-000-people-march-on-the-presidential-blue-house-in-seoul-south-korea-calling-for-the-resignat.md) _Context: Seoul, South Korea_
8. [Choi Soon-sil gate. South Korean prosecutors raid the presidential Blue House in Seoul amid continuing fallout over President Park Geun-hye's influence-peddling scandal involving cult leader Choi Soon-sil. ](/news/2016/10/29/choi-soon-sil-gate-south-korean-prosecutors-raid-the-presidential-blue-house-in-seoul-amid-continuing-fallout-over-president-park-geun-hye.md) _Context: Seoul, South Korea_
9. [A gas explosion at a subway construction site near the South Korean capital Seoul kills four workers and injures ten more. ](/news/2016/06/1/a-gas-explosion-at-a-subway-construction-site-near-the-south-korean-capital-seoul-kills-four-workers-and-injures-ten-more.md) _Context: Seoul, South Korea_
10. [North Korea-South Korea relations. North Korean defectors. A group of 13 North Koreans working at a restaurant in an unidentified country defect en masse to South Korea, according to Seoul's Ministry of Unification. ](/news/2016/04/8/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korean-defectors-a-group-of-13-north-koreans-working-at-a-restaurant-in-an-unidentified-country.md) _Context: Seoul, South Korea_
