### [2015-12-25](/news/2015/12/25/index.md)

# Zahran Alloush, founder of Islamist rebel group Jaysh al-Islam (army of Islam), the group's deputy leader, and other officials die in Russian airstrikes on a meeting east of Damascus, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. Jaysh al-Islam was one of the opposition groups at the December 10th conference that agreed on principles to guide peace talks, which both Bashar al-Assad and Russia rejected. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-middle-east-35178684)
2. [Irish Independent](http://www.independent.ie/world-news/syrian-rebel-leader-zahran-allouch-killed-in-air-strike-near-damascus-34314423.html)
3. [The News Hub](https://www.the-newshub.com/international/key-syrian-islamist-leader-killed-in-russian-airstrike)
3. [Cover Image](http://www.independent.ie/world-news/article34314422.ece/ALTERNATES/h342/PANews_P-515b3d09-aec6-41da-b802-9ec9f9129bad_I1.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Russian airstrikes on several ferries attempting to cross the Euphrates near Deir ez-Zor kill at least 34 civilians, including 9 children, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2017/09/10/russian-airstrikes-on-several-ferries-attempting-to-cross-the-euphrates-near-deir-ez-zor-kill-at-least-34-civilians-including-9-children-a.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
2. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information-from-tribal-leader.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
3. [Russia and China veto a draft United Nations Security Council resolution sponsored by France, the United Kingdom and the United States calling for sanctions against the Syrian government and President Bashar al-Assad over allegations that the government used chemical weapons in the conflict. ](/news/2017/03/1/russia-and-china-veto-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-france-the-united-kingdom-and-the-united-states-calli.md) _Context: Bashar al-Assad, Russia_
4. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights and a rebel official report that Russian jets have resumed heavy bombing, and, in total, have now killed at least 50 civilians in villages surrounding rebel-held eastern Aleppo. ](/news/2016/10/11/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-and-a-rebel-official-report-that-russian-jets-have-resumed-heavy-bombing-and-in-total-have-now-ki.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
5. [According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, two suicide bombings occur near the Sayyidah Zaynab shrine in a Damascus suburb, killing at least 20 people. ](/news/2016/06/11/according-to-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-two-suicide-bombings-occur-near-the-sayyidah-zaynab-shrine-in-a-damascus-suburb-killi.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
6. [Syrian Army troops surround the central prison in Hama after inmates revolted, seizing several guards. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says inmates were protesting against a planned transfer of prisoners from Hama to Sednaya Prison near Damascus. ](/news/2016/05/2/syrian-army-troops-surround-the-central-prison-in-hama-after-inmates-revolted-seizing-several-guards-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-righ.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
7. [ISIL claims to have shot down a Syrian Arab Air Force MiG-23, southeast of Damascus, and captured its pilot. Amaq News Agency, which supports ISIL, gave the pilot's name as Azzam Eid, from Hama. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says it was not clear whether the plane had been shot down or crashed because of mechanical failure. ](/news/2016/04/23/isil-claims-to-have-shot-down-a-syrian-arab-air-force-mig-23-southeast-of-damascus-and-captured-its-pilot-amaq-news-agency-which-support.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
8. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims that the Al-Nusra Front as well as other insurgents have captured the village of Tel el-Ais in a strategic position overlooking the highway between Aleppo and Damascus. ](/news/2016/04/2/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-claims-that-the-al-nusra-front-as-well-as-other-insurgents-have-captured-the-village-of-tel-el-ais-i.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
9. [A Syrian Arab Air Force or Russian airstrike reportedly kills a dozen people at a market selling diesel fuel in the rebel-held Idlib Governorate. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says the death toll is likely to rise. ](/news/2016/03/7/a-syrian-arab-air-force-or-russian-airstrike-reportedly-kills-a-dozen-people-at-a-market-selling-diesel-fuel-in-the-rebel-held-idlib-governo.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
10. [Syrian troops advance into Palmyra on multiple fronts with the help of Russian airstrikes and take several neighbourhoods, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. However they were unable to encircle the city. ](/news/2016/03/26/syrian-troops-advance-into-palmyra-on-multiple-fronts-with-the-help-of-russian-airstrikes-and-take-several-neighbourhoods-according-to-the.md) _Context: Russia, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
