### [2013-08-14](/news/2013/08/14/index.md)

# The Eurozone moves out of 18 months of recession because of Germany and France. There was a growth rate of 0.3% in the June quarter. 

The eurozone has emerged from recession after 18 months of economic contraction, figures indicate.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/business-23692102)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.theguardian.com/business/2013/aug/14/eurozone-recession-germany-france-crisis)

### Related:

1. [The Eurozone records its sixth straight quarter of recession with France, Italy and Spain all recording negative growth and Germany growing weakly. ](/news/2013/05/15/the-eurozone-records-its-sixth-straight-quarter-of-recession-with-france-italy-and-spain-all-recording-negative-growth-and-germany-growing.md) _Context: Eurozone, France, Germany_
2. [The combined economy of the 17 eurozone nations narrowly avoids a recession, largely due to relatively high economic growth in Germany. However, overall growth in the eurozone was zero in the first quarter of 2012. ](/news/2012/05/15/the-combined-economy-of-the-17-eurozone-nations-narrowly-avoids-a-recession-largely-due-to-relatively-high-economic-growth-in-germany-howe.md) _Context: Eurozone, Germany, recession_
3. [ The French and German economies rebound, helping push the Eurozone to the brink of economic recovery in the second quarter, delivering a further signal that the worst of the global crisis may be coming to an end in Europe. ](/news/2009/08/13/the-french-and-german-economies-rebound-helping-push-the-eurozone-to-the-brink-of-economic-recovery-in-the-second-quarter-delivering-a-fu.md) _Context: Eurozone, France, Germany_
4. [The flood waters for the Seine River are expected to peak at six metres above its normal level. Flooding in France and Germany has so far claimed at least 11 lives. ](/news/2016/06/3/the-flood-waters-for-the-seine-river-are-expected-to-peak-at-six-metres-above-its-normal-level-flooding-in-france-and-germany-has-so-far-cl.md) _Context: France, Germany_
5. [Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-berlin-to-discuss-the-consequences-of-the-united-kin.md) _Context: France, Germany_
6. [Germany wants France to shut down the Fessenheim Nuclear Power Plant near its border as soon as possible following media reports the April 9, 2014, incident was more serious than reported. ](/news/2016/03/4/germany-wants-france-to-shut-down-the-fessenheim-nuclear-power-plant-near-its-border-as-soon-as-possible-following-media-reports-the-april-9.md) _Context: France, Germany_
7. [Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-falles-fireworks-festiv.md) _Context: France, Germany_
8. [In an act of solidarity with France following the Paris massacre, Germany's parliament (the Bundestag) approves measures to move past the military's primary defensive role, to send six of its 29 operational, yet aged, Tornado reconnaissance aircraft, and as many as 1,200 soldiers to support the coalition missions against Islamic State militants in Syria. The airplanes will be limited to support activities; they will not fly combat missions. ](/news/2015/12/4/in-an-act-of-solidarity-with-france-following-the-paris-massacre-germany-s-parliament-the-bundestag-approves-measures-to-move-past-the-mi.md) _Context: France, Germany_
9. [Iran is invited to attend the next round of talks over Syria's future, along with the representatives from the United States, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey, Britain, France, Germany, Jordan, the United Arab Emirates, and the United Nations mediator for Syria, Staffan de Mistura. The next round of the "Vienna II" meeting is expected to start tomorrow and continue Friday in Vienna, Austria. ](/news/2015/10/27/iran-is-invited-to-attend-the-next-round-of-talks-over-syria-s-future-along-with-the-representatives-from-the-united-states-russia-saudi.md) _Context: France, Germany_
10. [French farmers protesting low prices within the country turn back hundreds of trucks suspected of carrying foreign agricultural products at the country's border with Germany. ](/news/2015/07/27/french-farmers-protesting-low-prices-within-the-country-turn-back-hundreds-of-trucks-suspected-of-carrying-foreign-agricultural-products-at.md) _Context: France, Germany_
