### [2003-05-12](/news/2003/05/12/index.md)

#  Clare Short resigns from the UK cabinet, saying that Tony Blair had reneged on promises about the role of the United Nations in the future of Iraq. Her successor as International Development Secretary, the Baroness Amos, is the UK's first black woman cabinet minister.




### Related:

1. [ Iraq disarmament crisis: In an interview on BBC Radio 4, Clare Short, a member of Tony Blair's cabinet, describes his stance on Iraq as "deeply reckless", and says she would resign if he committed the UK to war without an unambiguous mandate from the United Nations.](/news/2003/03/9/iraq-disarmament-crisis-in-an-interview-on-bbc-radio-4-clare-short-a-member-of-tony-blair-s-cabinet-describes-his-stance-on-iraq-as-de.md) _Context: Clare Short, Iraq, Tony Blair, United Nations_
2. [The United Nations announces expansion of civilian camps for people fleeing Mosul, following resumption of airstrikes on ISIL-held portions of the Iraqi city. ](/news/2017/04/4/the-united-nations-announces-expansion-of-civilian-camps-for-people-fleeing-mosul-following-resumption-of-airstrikes-on-isil-held-portions.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
3. [Turkey refuses to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq despite being given a 48 hour ultimatum by Iraq to leave the country. Turkey says the troops are there as part of an international mission to train and equip Iraqi forces to fight against the Islamic State. The Iraqi government says it never invited such a force, and will take its case to the United Nations if they are not pulled out. ](/news/2015/12/7/turkey-refuses-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-despite-being-given-a-48-hour-ultimatum-by-iraq-to-leave-the-country-turkey-says-t.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
4. [ In Iraq, a cholera outbreak prompts United Nations agencies UNICEF and the World Health Organization to launch a prevention and treatment campaign. So far, around 2,200 cases have been confirmed, and some infections have occurred in neighboring countries. ](/news/2015/11/7/in-iraq-a-cholera-outbreak-prompts-united-nations-agencies-unicef-and-the-world-health-organization-to-launch-a-prevention-and-treatment-c.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
5. [The United Nations seeks $16.4 billion to fund humanitarian assistance programs in 2015 with Syria, Iraq, Sudan and South Sudan the areas of greatest need. ](/news/2014/12/8/the-united-nations-seeks-16-4-billion-to-fund-humanitarian-assistance-programs-in-2015-with-syria-iraq-sudan-and-south-sudan-the-areas-of.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
6. [The United Nations declares its highest state of emergency in Iraq following the advance of Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. ](/news/2014/08/14/the-united-nations-declares-its-highest-state-of-emergency-in-iraq-following-the-advance-of-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
7. [A French court clears oil company Total S.A., its chief executive and over a dozen defendants of corruption charges related to the United Nations oil-for-food programme in Iraq. ](/news/2013/07/8/a-french-court-clears-oil-company-total-s-a-its-chief-executive-and-over-a-dozen-defendants-of-corruption-charges-related-to-the-united-na.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
8. [Valerie Amos, the United Nations Under-Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs and Emergency Relief Coordinator, visits the Baba Amr district in the Syrian city of Homs. ](/news/2012/03/7/valerie-amos-the-united-nations-under-secretary-general-for-humanitarian-affairs-and-emergency-relief-coordinator-visits-the-baba-amr-dist.md) _Context: United Nations, Valerie Amos_
9. [The United Nations calls for an investigation after an Iraqi raid into an Iranian opposition Camp Ashraf which left 34 people dead. ](/news/2011/04/16/the-united-nations-calls-for-an-investigation-after-an-iraqi-raid-into-an-iranian-opposition-camp-ashraf-which-left-34-people-dead.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
10. [The United Nations votes to lift sanctions imposed on Iraq during the Saddam Hussein era. ](/news/2010/12/15/the-united-nations-votes-to-lift-sanctions-imposed-on-iraq-during-the-saddam-hussein-era.md) _Context: Iraq, United Nations_
