### [2003-05-1](/news/2003/05/1/index.md)

#  President Bush safely lands in an S-3B Viking jet on the deck of the USS "Abraham Lincoln" returning from operations in Iraq while 100 miles off the coast of San Diego, California. It is the first time a sitting president has arrived on the deck of an aircraft carrier by plane. Bush makes a primetime address, surrounded by hundreds of sailors, in which he declares major combat operations in Iraq over while standing in front of a banner reading "Mission Accomplished".




### Related:

1. [ Iraqi journalist Muntadhar al-Zaidi is sentenced to three years in prison for throwing shoes at then-United States President George W. Bush. ](/news/2009/03/12/iraqi-journalist-muntadhar-al-zaidi-is-sentenced-to-three-years-in-prison-for-throwing-shoes-at-then-united-states-president-george-w-bush.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, U.S. President_
2. [ Iraqi Parliament Speaker Mahmoud al-Mashhadani announces his resignation because of chaos over the treatment of Muntadhar al-Zaidi, the Al-Baghdadia TV journalist who threw his shoes at United States President George W. Bush. ](/news/2008/12/17/iraqi-parliament-speaker-mahmoud-al-mashhadani-announces-his-resignation-because-of-chaos-over-the-treatment-of-muntadhar-al-zaidi-the-al.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, U.S. President_
3. [ Al-Baghdadia TV journalist Muntadhar al Zaidi is subdued after throwing both his shoes at United States President George W. Bush during his farewell speech in Iraq. ](/news/2008/12/14/al-baghdadia-tv-journalist-muntadhar-al-zaidi-is-subdued-after-throwing-both-his-shoes-at-united-states-president-george-w-bush-during-his.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, U.S. President_
4. [ The President of the United States George W. Bush asks the United States Congress for $189.3 billion to fund the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2007/10/22/the-president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-asks-the-united-states-congress-for-189-3-billion-to-fund-the-wars-in-iraq-and-afghanist.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, U.S. President_
5. [ U.S. President George W. Bush makes a surprise visit to Iraq and addresses military leaders and the troops, saying that with success, a U.S. Iraq troop cut is possible. ](/news/2007/09/3/u-s-president-george-w-bush-makes-a-surprise-visit-to-iraq-and-addresses-military-leaders-and-the-troops-saying-that-with-success-a-u-s.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, U.S. President_
6. [ On the fourth anniversary of his "Mission Accomplished" speech, President George W. Bush, citing the provisions setting a deadline for the withdrawal of U.S. troops, vetoes an Iraq War funding measure that also improves resting, training and equipping standards for combat troops before their deployment, and sets binding benchmarks for the Iraqi government. ](/news/2007/05/1/on-the-fourth-anniversary-of-his-mission-accomplished-speech-president-george-w-bush-citing-the-provisions-setting-a-deadline-for-the.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Mission Accomplished, U.S. President_
7. [ President George W. Bush approves 8,200 more United States troops for Iraq and Afghanistan. ](/news/2007/03/10/president-george-w-bush-approves-8-200-more-united-states-troops-for-iraq-and-afghanistan.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, U.S. President_
8. [ George W. Bush, the President of the United States says that Syria and Iran might be included in regional talks on the future of Iraq if they meet certain conditions. ](/news/2006/12/7/george-w-bush-the-president-of-the-united-states-says-that-syria-and-iran-might-be-included-in-regional-talks-on-the-future-of-iraq-if-th.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, U.S. President_
9. [ President of the United States George W. Bush and the Prime Minister of Iraq Nouri al-Maliki announce plans to meet next week to discuss security issues in Iraq. ](/news/2006/11/21/president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-and-the-prime-minister-of-iraq-nouri-al-maliki-announce-plans-to-meet-next-week-to-discuss-se.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, U.S. President_
10. [ President of the United States George W. Bush confers with his top Iraq commanders. The meeting is met with a surge in sectarian violence. ](/news/2006/10/21/president-of-the-united-states-george-w-bush-confers-with-his-top-iraq-commanders-the-meeting-is-met-with-a-surge-in-sectarian-violence.md) _Context: George W. Bush, Iraq, U.S. President_
