### [2013-05-7](/news/2013/05/7/index.md)

# 2013 Korean crisis:The Bank of China halts business with a North Korean bank accused by the United States of financing Pyongyang's missile and nuclear programs. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/bank-china-cuts-key-north-korea-trade-bank)

### Related:

1. [North Korea fires a medium-range ballistic missile about 60 kilometers (37 miles) into its eastern waters, in the direction of Japan according to United States and South Korean officials. ](/news/2017/04/5/north-korea-fires-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-about-60-kilometers-37-miles-into-its-eastern-waters-in-the-direction-of-japan-accordi.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, United States_
2. [U.S.-based monitoring group 38 North says satellite imagery of North Korea's Punggye-ri Nuclear Test Site indicates that preparation for a sixth nuclear weapons test is underway. ](/news/2017/04/13/u-s-based-monitoring-group-38-north-says-satellite-imagery-of-north-korea-s-punggye-ri-nuclear-test-site-indicates-that-preparation-for-a-s.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, United States_
3. [According to South Korean and United States officials, a missile test in North Korea ends in failure, with the missile exploding seconds after launch. ](/news/2017/03/22/according-to-south-korean-and-united-states-officials-a-missile-test-in-north-korea-ends-in-failure-with-the-missile-exploding-seconds-aft.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, United States_
4. [American and South Korean military officials agree to deploy a U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (THAAD) missile defense system in the country to counter North Korea's growing threats and use of ballistic missile and nuclear tests. ](/news/2016/07/8/american-and-south-korean-military-officials-agree-to-deploy-a-u-s-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-thaad-missile-defense-system-in-th.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, United States_
5. [Amid growing concern about North Korea's ballistic missile capability, South Korea, Japan and the U.S. are to hold their first ever joint anti-missile exercise next month, according to South Korea's Ministry of National Defense. The three countries will practice "detecting and tracing a hypothetical North Korean missile," said a ministry official. ](/news/2016/05/17/amid-growing-concern-about-north-korea-s-ballistic-missile-capability-south-korea-japan-and-the-u-s-are-to-hold-their-first-ever-joint-an.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, United States_
6. [According to South Korea's Yonhap news agency, North Korea appears to be preparing a test-launch of an intermediate-range ballistic missile. This comes after what the United States described as the "fiery, catastrophic" failure of the first attempt a few days prior. ](/news/2016/04/26/according-to-south-korea-s-yonhap-news-agency-north-korea-appears-to-be-preparing-a-test-launch-of-an-intermediate-range-ballistic-missile.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, United States_
7. [North Korea threatens a pre-emptive nuclear strike against South Korea and the United States in response to the two nations' annual joint military exercise which Pyongyang considers is a pretext for an invasion. ](/news/2016/03/6/north-korea-threatens-a-pre-emptive-nuclear-strike-against-south-korea-and-the-united-states-in-response-to-the-two-nations-annual-joint-mi.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, United States_
8. [North Korea launches a long range rocket that critics claim is a test of banned technology for a long range missile that could hit the United States.  South Korea's military says the rocket released an object into orbit. ](/news/2016/02/7/north-korea-launches-a-long-range-rocket-that-critics-claim-is-a-test-of-banned-technology-for-a-long-range-missile-that-could-hit-the-unite.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea and weapons of mass destruction, United States_
9. [2013 Korean crisis:North Korea releases 85-year-old American retiree Merrill Newman after 42 days in captivity. The United States once again asks the DPRK to pardon and release Kenneth Bae. ](/news/2013/12/7/2013-korean-crisis-pnorth-korea-releases-85-year-old-american-retiree-merrill-newman-after-42-days-in-captivity-the-united-states-once-agai.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, North Korea, United States_
10. [Aftermath of the 2013 Korean crisis:North Korea warns against an underway joint military drill by South Korea and the United States, stating that the exercise could jeopardize a recent easing of tension on the Korean Peninsula. ](/news/2013/08/29/aftermath-of-the-2013-korean-crisis-pnorth-korea-warns-against-an-underway-joint-military-drill-by-south-korea-and-the-united-states-statin.md) _Context: 2013 Korean crisis, North Korea, United States_
