### [2013-05-7](/news/2013/05/7/index.md)

# Syrian civil war:Four Filipino UN peacekeepers are kidnapped by armed men while patrolling the demilitarized area between Syria and the Israeli-annexed Golan Heights. 

Four Filipino UN peacekeepers are seized while patrolling the demilitarised area between Syria and the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/middleeast/2013/05/20135714319338927.html)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-22435393)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War:Thirty-two United Nations peacekeepers from the Philippines were evacuated under fire from the Golan Heights border checkpoint between Syria and Israel, while others remain under fire from groups including the Al-Nusra Front. ](/news/2014/08/31/syrian-civil-war-pthirty-two-united-nations-peacekeepers-from-the-philippines-were-evacuated-under-fire-from-the-golan-heights-border-checkp.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Philippines, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
2. [Syrian Civil War:United Nations peacekeepers from Austria start withdrawing from the Golan Heights. ](/news/2013/06/12/syrian-civil-war-punited-nations-peacekeepers-from-austria-start-withdrawing-from-the-golan-heights.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Syrian Civil War, United Nations, peacekeepers_
3. [Syrian civil war:Three Syrian tanks have entered the demilitarized zone in the Golan Heights. Israel has launched a formal complaint to the United Nations. ](/news/2012/11/13/syrian-civil-war-pthree-syrian-tanks-have-entered-the-demilitarized-zone-in-the-golan-heights-israel-has-launched-a-formal-complaint-to-the.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
4. [Syria reports its air defense shot down an Israeli warplane that attacked a Syrian army position in  al-Quneitra, near the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights. The Israel Defense Forces say that missiles were fired at their aircraft but none hit. ](/news/2016/09/13/syria-reports-its-air-defense-shot-down-an-israeli-warplane-that-attacked-a-syrian-army-position-in-al-quneitra-near-the-israeli-occupied.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel, Syrian Civil War_
5. [Syrian Civil War:The al-Qaeda-linked Nusra Front releases dozens of Fijian United Nations peacekeepers captured near the Golan Heights. ](/news/2014/09/11/syrian-civil-war-pthe-al-qaeda-linked-nusra-front-releases-dozens-of-fijian-united-nations-peacekeepers-captured-near-the-golan-heights.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Syrian Civil War, United Nations_
6. [Syrian civil war:Israel and Syria exchange gunfire on the Golan Heights. ](/news/2013/05/21/syrian-civil-war-pisrael-and-syria-exchange-gunfire-on-the-golan-heights.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel, Syrian Civil War_
7. [Syrian civil war:Rebels free 21 United Nations peacekeepers who were held captive for four days. ](/news/2013/03/9/syrian-civil-war-prebels-free-21-united-nations-peacekeepers-who-were-held-captive-for-four-days.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, United Nations, peacekeepers_
8. [Syrian civil war:Gunfire from conflict in Syria hits an Israeli army position in the Golan Heights, prompting return fire. ](/news/2012/11/18/syrian-civil-war-pgunfire-from-conflict-in-syria-hits-an-israeli-army-position-in-the-golan-heights-prompting-return-fire.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel, United Nations_
10. [Israel strikes two Syrian Army artillery positions and an ammunition truck in Quneitra Governorate, after stray shells from Syria land in the northern Golan Heights for a second day in a row. ](/news/2017/06/25/israel-strikes-two-syrian-army-artillery-positions-and-an-ammunition-truck-in-quneitra-governorate-after-stray-shells-from-syria-land-in-th.md) _Context: Golan Heights, Israel_
