### [2013-11-24](/news/2013/11/24/index.md)

# Euromaidan:: More than 100,000 people protest in Kiev, Ukraine, against the decision of Viktor Yanukovych's government to suspend preparations for signing of the association agreement with the European Union under pressure from Russia. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-25078952)

### Related:

1. [Anti-government protesters in Ukraine end a two-month occupation of Kiev-s city hall, following an amnesty offer aimed at easing a standoff over President Viktor Yanukovych-s rule. ](/news/2014/02/16/anti-government-protesters-in-ukraine-end-a-two-month-occupation-of-kiev-s-city-hall-following-an-amnesty-offer-aimed-at-easing-a-standof.md) _Context: Euromaidan, Kiev, Ukraine, Viktor Yanukovych_
2. [2013 Ukraine pro-European Union protests:: 100,000 people continue their protest against president Yanukovych's decision to back away from stronger ties with the European Union. ](/news/2013/12/1/2013-ukraine-pro-european-union-protests-100-000-people-continue-their-protest-against-president-yanukovych-s-decision-to-back-away-from-s.md) _Context: European Union, Ukraine, Ukraine-European Union relations, Viktor Yanukovych_
3. [Viktor Yanukovych and Dmitry Medvedev agree to extend the lease between Kiev and Moscow that allows Russia's Black Sea Fleet to be stationed in Ukraine in return for cheaper gas until 2042. ](/news/2010/04/21/viktor-yanukovych-and-dmitry-medvedev-agree-to-extend-the-lease-between-kiev-and-moscow-that-allows-russia-s-black-sea-fleet-to-be-stationed.md) _Context: Kiev, Russia, Ukraine, Viktor Yanukovych_
4. [Ukraine-European Union relations: The European Union's visa-free regime for Ukraine officially enters into force. ](/news/2017/06/11/ukraine-european-union-relations-the-european-union-s-visa-free-regime-for-ukraine-officially-enters-into-force.md) _Context: European Union, Ukraine, Ukraine-European Union relations_
5. [Ukraine-European Union relations: Representatives of the European Parliament and European Council sign a document formally granting Ukrainians visa-free travel to the European Union. The visa-free regime is due to enter into force on June 11. ](/news/2017/05/17/ukraine-european-union-relations-representatives-of-the-european-parliament-and-european-council-sign-a-document-formally-granting-ukrain.md) _Context: European Union, Ukraine, Ukraine-European Union relations_
6. [War in Donbass: The European Union extends its main Ukraine-related economic sanctions against Russia for six months until mid-2017. ](/news/2016/12/15/war-in-donbass-the-european-union-extends-its-main-ukraine-related-economic-sanctions-against-russia-for-six-months-until-mid-2017.md) _Context: European Union, Russia, Ukraine_
7. [Russia-European Union relations: Ukrainian crisis: The European Union extends economic sanctions on Russia until 31 January 2017 over Moscow's continued support for separatist rebels in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2016/07/1/russia-european-union-relations-ukrainian-crisis-the-european-union-extends-economic-sanctions-on-russia-until-31-january-2017-over-mosc.md) _Context: European Union, Russia, Ukraine_
8. [Ukraine-European Union relations: The European Union proposes offering Ukraine visa-free travel to its members. However, it is still unclear how fast the liberalization process will be dealt with in the European Parliament and European Council, where some EU member states might want to slow down the process. ](/news/2016/04/20/ukraine-european-union-relations-the-european-union-proposes-offering-ukraine-visa-free-travel-to-its-members-however-it-is-still-uncle.md) _Context: European Union, Ukraine, Ukraine-European Union relations_
9. [War in Donbass: The body of Ukrainian lawyer Yurij Grabovsky, who defended two ex-Russian soldiers charged in Eastern Ukraine with terrorism and waging an aggressive war against the country, is found on the grounds of a former farming collective in Zhashkiv, Ukraine. Grabovsky went missing from Kiev on March 9. Information from one of two men being held in this case led police to the remains. ](/news/2016/03/25/war-in-donbass-the-body-of-ukrainian-lawyer-yurij-grabovsky-who-defended-two-ex-russian-soldiers-charged-in-eastern-ukraine-with-terrorism.md) _Context: Kiev, Russia, Ukraine_
10. [2014-16 Russian military intervention in Ukraine: Ukraine says that a cyberattack on Boryspil International Airport near Kiev came from Russian computers. ](/news/2016/01/18/2014-16-russian-military-intervention-in-ukraine-ukraine-says-that-a-cyberattack-on-boryspil-international-airport-near-kiev-came-from-ru.md) _Context: Kiev, Russia, Ukraine_
