### [2013-11-24](/news/2013/11/24/index.md)

# Euromaidan:More than 100,000 people protest in Kiev, Ukraine, against the decision of Viktor Yanukovych's government to suspend preparations for signing of the association agreement with the European Union under pressure from Russia. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-25078952)

### Related:

1. [Anti-government protesters in Ukraine end a two-month occupation of Kiev's city hall, following an amnesty offer aimed at easing a standoff over President Viktor Yanukovych's rule. ](/news/2014/02/16/anti-government-protesters-in-ukraine-end-a-two-month-occupation-of-kievas-city-hall-following-an-amnesty-offer-aimed-at-easing-a-standof.md) _Context: Euromaidan, Kiev, Ukrainian, Viktor Yanukovych_
2. [2013 Ukraine pro-European Union protests:100,000 people continue their protest against president Yanukovych's decision to back away from stronger ties with the European Union. ](/news/2013/12/1/2013-ukraine-pro-european-union-protests-p100-000-people-continue-their-protest-against-president-yanukovych-s-decision-to-back-away-from-st.md) _Context: European Union, Ukraine-European Union relations, Ukrainian, Viktor Yanukovych_
3. [Viktor Yanukovych and Dmitry Medvedev agree to extend the lease between Kiev and Moscow that allows Russia's Black Sea Fleet to be stationed in Ukraine in return for cheaper gas until 2042. ](/news/2010/04/21/viktor-yanukovych-and-dmitry-medvedev-agree-to-extend-the-lease-between-kiev-and-moscow-that-allows-russia-s-black-sea-fleet-to-be-stationed.md) _Context: Kiev, Russia, Ukrainian, Viktor Yanukovych_
4. [The European Union  extends its main Ukraine-related economic  sanctions against Russia for six months until mid-2017. ](/news/2016/12/15/the-european-union-extends-its-main-ukraine-related-economic-sanctions-against-russia-for-six-months-until-mid-2017.md) _Context: European Union, Russia, Ukrainian_
5. [The European Union extends economic sanctions on Russia until 31 January 2017 over Moscow's continued support for separatist rebels in eastern Ukraine. ](/news/2016/07/1/the-european-union-extends-economic-sanctions-on-russia-until-31-january-2017-over-moscow-s-continued-support-for-separatist-rebels-in-easte.md) _Context: European Union, Russia, Ukrainian_
6. [The European Union proposes offering Ukraine visa-free travel to its members. However, it is still unclear how fast the liberalization process will be dealt with in the European Parliament and European Council, where some EU member states might want to slow down the process. ](/news/2016/04/20/the-european-union-proposes-offering-ukraine-visa-free-travel-to-its-members-however-it-is-still-unclear-how-fast-the-liberalization-proce.md) _Context: European Union, Ukraine-European Union relations, Ukrainian_
7. [The body of Ukrainian lawyer Yurij  Grabovsky, who defended two ex-Russian soldiers charged in Eastern Ukraine with terrorism and waging an aggressive war against the country, is found  on the grounds of a former farming collective in Zhashkiv, Ukraine. Grabovsky went missing from Kiev on March 9. Information from one of two men being held in this case led police to  the remains.  ](/news/2016/03/25/the-body-of-ukrainian-lawyer-yurij-grabovsky-who-defended-two-ex-russian-soldiers-charged-in-eastern-ukraine-with-terrorism-and-waging-an.md) _Context: Kiev, Russia, Ukrainian_
8. [Ukraine says that a cyberattack on Boryspil International Airport near Kiev came from Russian computers. ](/news/2016/01/18/ukraine-says-that-a-cyberattack-on-boryspil-international-airport-near-kiev-came-from-russian-computers.md) _Context: Kiev, Russia, Ukrainian_
9. [The European Union extends Russian sanctions for interference in Ukraine another six months, until 31 July 2016. The EU says it's extending the sanctions because the Minsk peace accords would not be fully implemented by the end of this year. ](/news/2015/12/21/the-european-union-extends-russian-sanctions-for-interference-in-ukraine-another-six-months-until-31-july-2016-the-eu-says-it-s-extending.md) _Context: European Union, Russia, Ukrainian_
10. [Russia's Gazprom halts gas supplies to Ukraine until the Ukrainian government pays in advance for future supplies to replenish the current supplies of gas that it has used up; Ukraine says it has stopped buying from Gazprom because it can get cheaper gas from Europe. Roughly 15% of the gas used in Europe travels through Ukraine, and a previous cut-off of gas supplies in 2009 caused serious disruptions in shipments to EU countries at the height of winter. ](/news/2015/11/25/russia-s-gazprom-halts-gas-supplies-to-ukraine-until-the-ukrainian-government-pays-in-advance-for-future-supplies-to-replenish-the-current-s.md) _Context: European Union, Russia, Ukrainian_
