### [2013-11-24](/news/2013/11/24/index.md)

# Nuclear program of Iran:. Iran signs an interim agreement with the P5+1 countries limiting its nuclear program in exchange for reduced sanctions. 

Iran agrees to halt some of its work on uranium enrichment for six months, as part of a landmark nuclear deal reached with six world powers in Geneva.


### Source:

1. [AFP via ''Ahram](http://english.ahram.org.eg/NewsContent/2/8/87331/World/Region/Nuclear-deal-accepts-Iran-enrichment,-cracks-sanct.aspx)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-middle-east-25074729)
3. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2013/11/23/world/meast/iran-nuclear-talks-geneva/index.html)

### Related:

1. [Response to IAEA report on Iran's nuclear program:. Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad says the International Atomic Energy Agency report is based on "empty claims" and that Iran would not budge from its nuclear program despite allegations it may be trying to develop nuclear weapons; European countries and the US say they will consider fresh sanctions against Iran. ](/news/2011/11/9/response-to-iaea-report-on-iran-s-nuclear-program-iranian-president-mahmoud-ahmadinejad-says-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-report.md) _Context: Iran, nuclear scientist, pre-sanction_
2. [Iran confirms it has executed nuclear scientist Shahram Amiri by hanging for treason. Iranian judiciary spokesman Gholam-Hossein Mohseni-Eje'i says Amiri was charged with spying for enemies of the Islamic Republic of Iran and that U.S. officials had been unaware that Iran was monitoring Amiri's efforts for the West. His body was returned to his family with rope marks around his neck. ](/news/2016/08/7/iran-confirms-it-has-executed-nuclear-scientist-shahram-amiri-by-hanging-for-treason-iranian-judiciary-spokesman-gholam-hossein-mohseni-eje.md) _Context: Iran, nuclear scientist_
3. [Iran says that it plans to increase its crude oil output until it achieves pre-sanction levels, although that contravenes OPEC efforts to restrain output. ](/news/2016/02/17/iran-says-that-it-plans-to-increase-its-crude-oil-output-until-it-achieves-pre-sanction-levels-although-that-contravenes-opec-efforts-to-re.md) _Context: Iran, pre-sanction_
4. [Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. Europe and the United States lift sanctions imposed on Iran regarding its nuclear programme, and the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action begins to be implemented. ](/news/2016/01/17/joint-comprehensive-plan-of-action-europe-and-the-united-states-lift-sanctions-imposed-on-iran-regarding-its-nuclear-programme-and-the-joi.md) _Context: Iran, pre-sanction_
5. [Nuclear program of Iran. The International Atomic Energy Agency states that Iran has complied with its commitments under the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, paving the way for international sanctions to be lifted by the United States and European Union. ](/news/2016/01/16/nuclear-program-of-iran-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-states-that-iran-has-complied-with-its-commitments-under-the-joint-comprehen.md) _Context: Iran, nuclear scientist_
6. [Iran-United States relations. Iran releases four Iranian-American prisoners including "Washington Post" reporter Jason Rezaian and Christian pastor Saeed Abedini. The United States is to release seven Iranian-Americans held in the United States for violating sanctions against Iran. ](/news/2016/01/16/iran-united-states-relations-iran-releases-four-iranian-american-prisoners-including-washington-post-reporter-jason-rezaian-and-christi.md) _Context: Iran, pre-sanction_
7. [In accordance with a major point of a nuclear agreement reached with several world powers, Iran removed a plutonium core and filled with concrete the Arak nuclear reactor, setting the stage for the removal of sanctions against Iran. ](/news/2016/01/12/in-accordance-with-a-major-point-of-a-nuclear-agreement-reached-with-several-world-powers-iran-removed-a-plutonium-core-and-filled-with-con.md) _Context: Iran, pre-sanction_
8. [Nuclear program of Iran. The United Nations finds Iran's firing of a medium-range ballistic missile in October violated a June 2010 resolution banning the Islamic Republic from launches capable of delivering nuclear weapons. The test was not technically a violation of the July nuclear deal between Iran and six world powers. It's not known if the Security Council will take any action. ](/news/2015/12/15/nuclear-program-of-iran-the-united-nations-finds-iran-s-firing-of-a-medium-range-ballistic-missile-in-october-violated-a-june-2010-resoluti.md) _Context: Iran, nuclear scientist_
9. [Iran's Islamic Consultative Assembly approves the deal on its nuclear program agreed with six world powers. ](/news/2015/10/13/iran-s-islamic-consultative-assembly-approves-the-deal-on-its-nuclear-program-agreed-with-six-world-powers.md) _Context: Iran, nuclear scientist_
10. [P5+1. Iran asks Austria to secure the talks over its nuclear program following reports of cybersecurity breaches. ](/news/2015/06/13/p5-1-iran-asks-austria-to-secure-the-talks-over-its-nuclear-program-following-reports-of-cybersecurity-breaches.md) _Context: Iran, nuclear scientist_
