### [2011-02-28](/news/2011/02/28/index.md)

# US tennis champion Serena Williams is hospitalised in Los Angeles, California with a pulmonary embolism. 




### Source:

1. [People](http://www.people.com/people/article/0,,20470190,00.html)

### Related:

1. [In tennis, American defending champion Serena Williams defeats Angelique Kerber of Germany in straight sets to win her seventh Wimbledon Championships title and her 22nd Grand Slam title, tying the Open era record held by Steffi Graf. ](/news/2016/07/9/in-tennis-american-defending-champion-serena-williams-defeats-angelique-kerber-of-germany-in-straight-sets-to-win-her-seventh-wimbledon-cha.md) _Context: Serena Williams, tennis_
2. [In tennis, Garbine Muguruza of Spain wins the 2016 French Open by 7-5 6-4 in an upset defeat of Serena Williams. ](/news/2016/06/4/in-tennis-garbine-muguruza-of-spain-wins-the-2016-french-open-by-7a5-6a4-in-an-upset-defeat-of-serena-williams.md) _Context: Serena Williams, tennis_
3. [Los Angeles, California, police arrest a  21-year-old homeless man after five bodies of apparent transients are found in the wreckage of a vacant former medical building that burned down Monday night. Firefighters had been able to rescue three people. ](/news/2016/06/14/los-angeles-california-police-arrest-a-21-year-old-homeless-man-after-five-bodies-of-apparent-transients-are-found-in-the-wreckage-of-a-v.md) _Context: California, Los Angeles_
4. [Indian Wells (California)  CEO and tennis tournament director Raymond Moore resigns following reactions of outrage, including by top-ranked Serena Williams and retired legend Martina Navratilova, to his comment that top-level women's players rode "on the coattails of the men" and were "very, very lucky" to have equal prize money. This is the event's second controversy involving female players. Serena and her sister Venus boycotted the tournament (also known as the BNP Paribas Open) until 2015 following verbal abuse directed toward the sisters in the 2001 open. ](/news/2016/03/22/indian-wells-california-ceo-and-tennis-tournament-director-raymond-moore-resigns-following-reactions-of-outrage-including-by-top-ranked.md) _Context: California, Serena Williams_
5. [The PGA of America announces it is discontinuing the PGA Grand Slam of Golf, a special postseason event among the year's winners of the four major championships of regular men's golf. This year, it was set to be held at Trump National Golf Club in Los Angeles, California. The 2015 event was cancelled after the PGA decided to move the exhibition contest from the same Trump Club, and they couldn't find a replacement course golf course with suitable dates. ](/news/2016/03/16/the-pga-of-america-announces-it-is-discontinuing-the-pga-grand-slam-of-golf-a-special-postseason-event-among-the-year-s-winners-of-the-four.md) _Context: California, Los Angeles_
6. [Rafe Esquith, a notable teacher in the Los Angeles, California, public school system files a $1 billion class action lawsuit against the LA Unified School District. Esquith, recently removed from teaching and subsequently fired, alleges on behalf of almost 2,000 individuals, certain age-discrimination tactics by the school system against older teachers. ](/news/2015/10/16/rafe-esquith-a-notable-teacher-in-the-los-angeles-california-public-school-system-files-a-1-billion-class-action-lawsuit-against-the-la.md) _Context: California, Los Angeles_
7. [A shooting and stabbing kills one person and wounds 5 others at a BET party held in Hollywood, Los Angeles, California, U.S. ](/news/2014/06/29/a-shooting-and-stabbing-kills-one-person-and-wounds-5-others-at-a-bet-party-held-in-hollywood-los-angeles-california-u-s.md) _Context: California, Los Angeles_
8. [A car crash on the Pomona Freeway in Los Angeles, California, kills 6 people. ](/news/2014/02/9/a-car-crash-on-the-pomona-freeway-in-los-angeles-california-kills-6-people.md) _Context: California, Los Angeles_
9. [The U.S. Attorney's office in Los Angeles, California announces that Scott London, former senior partner with KPMG, has agreed to plead guilty on charges involving insider trading. ](/news/2013/05/28/the-u-s-attorney-s-office-in-los-angeles-california-announces-that-scott-london-former-senior-partner-with-kpmg-has-agreed-to-plead-guil.md) _Context: California, Los Angeles_
10. [Voters in the American city of Los Angeles, California, go to the polls for a mayoral election with Eric Garcetti and Wendy Greuel to contest a runoff on 21 May 2013. ](/news/2013/03/5/voters-in-the-american-city-of-los-angeles-california-go-to-the-polls-for-a-mayoral-election-with-eric-garcetti-and-wendy-greuel-to-contes.md) _Context: California, Los Angeles_
