### [2004-10-14](/news/2004/10/14/index.md)

#  Authorities in Republika Srpska, the Bosnian Serb division of Bosnia and Herzegovina, admit for the first time the actual scale of the 1995 Srebrenica massacre, providing a list of over 7,000 Muslim victims. The Bosnian Serb president admitted in June that Serb forces had committed the massacre, but did not give a specific number of victims. 

Channel NewsAsia - Breaking News, Asia-Pacific news coverage from Channel NewsAsia featuring Business, World, Sport, Entertainment, Technology, Health, Lifestyle and Live Streaming.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/europe/3743176.stm)
2. [Channel News Asia](http://www.channelnewsasia.com/stories/afp_world/view/111745/1/.html)
3. [Melbourne Herald Sun](http://www.heraldsun.news.com.au/common/story_page/0,5478,11076417%255E1702,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Judges at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia find former President of the Republika Srpska Radovan Karadzic guilty of committing genocide and crimes against humanity in Bosnia during the Bosnian War and is sentenced to 40 years in prison. Karadzic is found to be "criminally responsible" for the Srebrenica massacre. ](/news/2016/03/24/judges-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-find-former-president-of-the-republika-srpska-radovan-karada3-4ia-gui.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Republika Srpska, Srebrenica massacre_
2. [ A mass funeral takes place in Srebrenica, Bosnia, to commemorate the 14th anniversary of the massacre that took place in the town. ](/news/2009/07/11/a-mass-funeral-takes-place-in-srebrenica-bosnia-to-commemorate-the-14th-anniversary-of-the-massacre-that-took-place-in-the-town.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Srebrenica, Srebrenica massacre_
3. [520 men and boys killed in the Srebrenica massacre in 1995 are buried in Potocari, Bosnia and Herzegovina. ](/news/2012/07/11/520-men-and-boys-killed-in-the-srebrenica-massacre-in-1995-are-buried-in-potoaari-bosnia-and-herzegovina.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Srebrenica massacre_
4. [Former Bosnian Serb Colonel General Ratko Mladic is scheduled to enter a plea on charges of genocide in the Srebrenica massacre during the Bosnian war at a United Nations war crimes court. ](/news/2011/07/4/former-bosnian-serb-colonel-general-ratko-mladia-is-scheduled-to-enter-a-plea-on-charges-of-genocide-in-the-srebrenica-massacre-during-the.md) _Context: Bosnian Serb, Srebrenica massacre_
5. [ The International Court of Justice finds Serbia guilty of failing to prevent genocide in the Srebrenica massacre, but clears it of direct responsibility and complicity in a case brought forth by Bosnia and Herzegovina. ](/news/2007/02/26/the-international-court-of-justice-finds-serbia-guilty-of-failing-to-prevent-genocide-in-the-srebrenica-massacre-but-clears-it-of-direct-r.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Srebrenica massacre_
6. [ The trial of seven former Bosnian Serb officers for alleged involvement in the Srebrenica massacre begins at The Hague war crimes tribunal. Five of the seven standing trial face genocide charges, as well as crimes against humanity. The trial is the largest yet staged at The Hague. ](/news/2006/07/14/the-trial-of-seven-former-bosnian-serb-officers-for-alleged-involvement-in-the-srebrenica-massacre-begins-at-the-hague-war-crimes-tribunal.md) _Context: Bosnian Serb, Srebrenica massacre_
7. [ In Bosnia and Herzegovina, tens of thousands of people gather in Potocari to commemorate the Srebrenica massacre and rebury 610 victims ](/news/2005/07/11/in-bosnia-and-herzegovina-tens-of-thousands-of-people-gather-in-potocari-to-commemorate-the-srebrenica-massacre-and-rebury-610-victims.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Srebrenica massacre_
8. [ In Serbia several former soldiers are arrested after the transmission on Serbian TV of video showing them executing six Bosniak men from Srebrenica in July 1995. The video is evidence from the trial of former president Slobodan Milosevic. Hitherto polls have shown that only half the population of Serbia believe that the Srebrenica massacre of 8000 men happened. ](/news/2005/06/2/in-serbia-several-former-soldiers-are-arrested-after-the-transmission-on-serbian-tv-of-video-showing-them-executing-six-bosniak-men-from-sr.md) _Context: Srebrenica, Srebrenica massacre_
9. [ Bosnian Serb officer Vujadin Popovic, accused of complicity in Srebrenica massacre in 1995, pleads not guilty in the Hague. He surrendered to the ICTY on 14 April. ](/news/2005/04/18/bosnian-serb-officer-vujadin-popovia-accused-of-complicity-in-srebrenica-massacre-in-1995-pleads-not-guilty-in-the-hague-he-surrendered.md) _Context: Bosnian Serb, Srebrenica massacre_
10. [ Two former Bosnian Serb officers, Vidoje Blagojevic and Dragan Jokic, have been convicted and imprisoned for their complicity in the Srebrenica massacre in 1995. ](/news/2005/01/18/two-former-bosnian-serb-officers-vidoje-blagojevic-and-dragan-jokic-have-been-convicted-and-imprisoned-for-their-complicity-in-the-srebre.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Srebrenica_
