### [2004-10-14](/news/2004/10/14/index.md)

#  Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon accepts an Israeli Defence Force plan to begin withdrawing troops from Jabalia, Beit Lahiya, and Beit Hanoun in the northern Gaza Strip this weekend. [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/489056.html (Haaretz)] About 100,000 Israelis in 100 cities march in a series of demonstrations across Israel opposing their government's proposal to withdraw Israeli settlers from the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank.




### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Israeli airstrikes on Palestinian areas continue. IDF planes and artillery strike Gaza knocking out power to parts of the city, destroy a bridge in Beit Hanoun, fire missiles at a Fatah Youth Centre, an office and a refugee camp in the central Gaza Strip. Israeli troops later raided offices of Hamas and Islamic Jihad in the West Bank. ](/news/2005/09/28/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-areas-continue-idf-planes-and-artillery-strike-gaza-knocking-out-power-to.md) _Context: Beit Hanoun, Gaza, Israel, West Bank_
2. [ The Israeli senior commander in the Gaza Strip, Brig. Gen. Shmuel Zakai, resigns amid allegations of telling the press Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ordered to increase Operation Days of Penitence on Day 14 while the army considered the operation extracted itself. ](/news/2004/11/4/the-israeli-senior-commander-in-the-gaza-strip-brig-gen-shmuel-zakai-resigns-amid-allegations-of-telling-the-press-prime-minister-ariel.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Gaza, Israel, Israeli Defence Force_
3. [ Three Egyptian paramilitary security officers stationed at the Sinai-Gaza border are killed by Israeli tank fire, after IDF troops allegedly mistook them for Palestinian terrorists or militants. The Egyptian government accepts an apology from Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon and demands an investigation on the incident. ](/news/2004/11/18/three-egyptian-paramilitary-security-officers-stationed-at-the-sinaiagaza-border-are-killed-by-israeli-tank-fire-after-idf-troops-allege.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Gaza, Israel, Israeli Defence Force_
4. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The Knesset approves Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plan to withdraw 21 settlements from the Gaza Strip and 4 from the West Bank by next year. Israeli Finance Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and three other cabinet ministers from Sharon's ruling Likud government threaten to resign if a referendum over the plan will not be held. ](/news/2004/10/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-knesset-approves-israeli-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-s-plan-to-withdraw-21-settlements-from-the-gaza-stri.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Gaza, Israel's unilateral disengagement plan of 2004, West Bank_
5. [ Israeli troops, backed by tanks and other military vehicles, enter the northern Gaza Strip city of Jabaliya, and the nearby towns of Beit Hanoun and Beit Lahiya. At least five Palestinians are killed by Israeli rocket strikes on Jabaliya. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/middle_east/3706224.stm (BBC)] [http://www.guardian.co.uk/israel/Story/0,2763,1318164,00.html (The Guardian)] The Israeli military releases unmanned drone [http://www1.idf.il/SIP_STORAGE/DOVER/files/7/34147.wmv footage] of the Gaza Strip showing what Israel says are Palestinian militants loading rockets into a van marked "UN". The UN dismisses the claim, saying that the footage actually shows a stretcher being loaded into a van. [http://www.islam-online.net/English/News/2004-10/03/article02.shtml (Islam Online)] (Haaretz: [http://www.haaretzdaily.com/hasen/spages/483950.html 1], [http://www.haaretz.com/hasen/spages/484003.html 2])](/news/2004/10/1/israeli-troops-backed-by-tanks-and-other-military-vehicles-enter-the-northern-gaza-strip-city-of-jabaliya-and-the-nearby-towns-of-beit-h.md) _Context: Beit Hanoun, Beit Lahiya, Gaza, Israel_
6. [ 40,000 demonstrators protest in Jerusalem against Prime Minister Ariel Sharon's plans to force all Israeli Jews to leave the Gaza Strip and parts of the West Bank. ](/news/2004/09/12/40-000-demonstrators-protest-in-jerusalem-against-prime-minister-ariel-sharon-s-plans-to-force-all-israeli-jews-to-leave-the-gaza-strip-and.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Gaza, Israel, West Bank_
7. [ Palestinian Yasser Arafat dismisses Israel's threat to kill him. American representatives, and other world leaders, criticize Israel's prime minister for the suggestion. [http://www.arabnews.com/?page=4&section=0&article=42503&d=4&m=4&y=2004 (ArabNews)] Prime Minister Ariel Sharon conflicts with right-wing ministers over a plan to unilaterally disengage from the Gaza Strip. Housing and Construction Minister, Effie Eitam, and Tourism Minister, Benny Elon, demand that the plan receive cabinet approval. [http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1081052087090 (Jerusalem Post)] A year-long European Parliament investigation into how the Palestinian Authority spents money given to it by the European Union fails to find evidence linking its funds with terrorist activity. The findings, leaked before they were made public, are under attack, with one member of the probe calling it a "partial" whitewash. [http://fr.jpost.com/servlet/Satellite?pagename=JPost/JPArticle/ShowFull&cid=1080979165731 (Jerusalem Post)] Millwall FC beat Sunderland A.F.C. 1-0 at Old Trafford to make it to the 2004 FA Cup Final after Tim Cahill scores the winning goal.](/news/2004/04/4/palestinian-yasser-arafat-dismisses-israel-s-threat-to-kill-him-american-representatives-and-other-world-leaders-criticize-israel-s-prim.md) _Context: Ariel Sharon, Gaza, Israel, Prime Minister_
8. [Israel seals off the West Bank and Gaza Strip for two days while Yom Ha'atzmaut (Israel's remembrance day and independence day) is celebrated. ](/news/2016/05/11/israel-seals-off-the-west-bank-and-gaza-strip-for-two-days-while-yom-ha-atzmaut-israel-s-remembrance-day-and-independence-day-is-celebrate.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, West Bank_
9. [Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation" with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaza-will-fulfil-its-role-in-the-je.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, West Bank_
10. [Palestinians carried out three stabbing attacks against Israeli citizens and police in Jerusalem today with two of the attackers shot dead as the wave of violence continues, police said. There have been a series of stabbing attacks in Israel and the West Bank in recent days that have wounded several Israelis; nine attackers have been shot dead. Also, at least 16 Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces during/after violent demonstrations in the West Bank and Gaza. ](/news/2015/10/12/palestinians-carried-out-three-stabbing-attacks-against-israeli-citizens-and-police-in-jerusalem-today-with-two-of-the-attackers-shot-dead-a.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, West Bank_
