### [2009-01-5](/news/2009/01/5/index.md)

#  Minnesota's State Canvassing Board certifies Democratic candidate Al Franken as the winner of the senatorial election recount. Republican Senator Norm Coleman, whose term officially expired January 3, intends to file a lawsuit challenging the decision. 




### Source:

1. [Bloomberg](http://www.bloomberg.com/apps/news?pid=20601087&sid=aiBbdGgw_u0U&refer=home)

### Related:

1. [ Al Franken wins a primary election for the Minnesota Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party to challenge incumbent Senator Norm Coleman in the Minnesota Senate election. ](/news/2008/09/9/al-franken-wins-a-primary-election-for-the-minnesota-democraticafarmeralabor-party-to-challenge-incumbent-senator-norm-coleman-in-the-m.md) _Context: Al Franken, Democratic, Norm Coleman, U.S. Senator_
2. [ United States Senate election, 2008: Author and comedian Al Franken announces his candidacy for Senator of Minnesota. ](/news/2007/02/14/united-states-senate-election-2008-author-and-comedian-al-franken-announces-his-candidacy-for-senator-of-minnesota.md) _Context: Al Franken, Minnesota, United States Senate_
3. [ The Minnesota Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party chose former Vice President of the United States Walter Mondale as their candidate for the United States Senate seat of recently deceased Senator Paul Wellstone from Minnesota.](/news/2002/10/30/the-minnesota-democraticafarmeralabor-party-chose-former-vice-president-of-the-united-states-walter-mondale-as-their-candidate-for-the.md) _Context: Democratic, Minnesota, United States Senate_
4. [The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/the-republican-controlled-united-states-house-of-representatives-votes-in-favor-of-the-repeal-of-the-2010-patient-protection-and-affordable.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
5. [The U.S. Senate confirms Donald Trump's appointment of his former opponents in the presidential primaries, neurosurgeon Ben Carson and Governor of Texas Rick Perry, as Secretaries of Housing and Urban Development and Energy respectively, with the support of all Republicans and some Democrats. ](/news/2017/03/2/the-u-s-senate-confirms-donald-trump-s-appointment-of-his-former-opponents-in-the-presidential-primaries-neurosurgeon-ben-carson-and-gover.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
6. [ Connecticut Senator Chris Murphy ends a nearly 15-hour filibuster after Republican Party leaders reportedly agree to allow votes on two proposed gun control measures. ](/news/2016/06/16/connecticut-senator-chris-murphy-ends-a-nearly-15-hour-filibuster-after-republican-party-leaders-reportedly-agree-to-allow-votes-on-two-pro.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
7. [Texas Senator Ted Cruz names former Republican presidential candidate Carly Fiorina as his vice-presidential running mate. ](/news/2016/04/27/texas-senator-ted-cruz-names-former-republican-presidential-candidate-carly-fiorina-as-his-vice-presidential-running-mate.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
8. [The presidential campaigns of Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Governor of Ohio John Kasich announce they will now coordinate strategies to stop fellow Republican Donald Trump from becoming the party's nominee. Cruz's campaign will cut campaigning in Oregon and New Mexico to help Kasich, while the Kasich campaign will give Cruz a "clear path" in Indiana. ](/news/2016/04/25/the-presidential-campaigns-of-texas-senator-ted-cruz-and-governor-of-ohio-john-kasich-announce-they-will-now-coordinate-strategies-to-stop-f.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
9. [Kentucky Senator Rand Paul suspends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President of the United States. ](/news/2016/02/3/kentucky-senator-rand-paul-suspends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination-for-president-of-the-united-states.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
10. [South Carolina Senator Lindsey Graham ends his campaign for the Republican Party nomination for President. During his campaign he has failed to poll above single digits nationally or in the early voting states. ](/news/2015/12/21/south-carolina-senator-lindsey-graham-ends-his-campaign-for-the-republican-party-nomination-for-president-during-his-campaign-he-has-failed.md) _Context: Republican, United States Senate_
