### [2004-01-6](/news/2004/01/6/index.md)

#  Pakistan is cited as the source of nuclear weapon technology supplied to Libya, Iran and North Korea. The components intercepted at sea by Italy en route to Libya were fabricated in Malaysia. There is no evidence that the Pakistani government of President Pervez Musharraf knew about the transfer of technology of Libya.<ref name="gulf-news1">url=http://www.gulf-news.com/Articles/news.asp?ArticleID=107214  News, Abu Dhabi News, UAE News and International News from GulfNews.com - plus Gold rates, sport scores, city guides, prayer times, Dubai financial data, weather forecasts and more .com  




### Related:

1. [ The investigation into nuclear proliferation by the Pakistani scientist Abdul Qadeer Khan expands to include seven nations. Among the countries known to be involved are Malaysia, South Africa, Japan, the United Arab Emirates, Germany and Pakistan. Nuclear technology and parts were supplied to Libya, Iran, North Korea.](/news/2004/02/8/the-investigation-into-nuclear-proliferation-by-the-pakistani-scientist-abdul-qadeer-khan-expands-to-include-seven-nations-among-the-count.md) _Context: Iran, Libya, Malaysia, North Korea_
2. [ Pakistani nuclear scientist Abdul Qadeer Khan publicly admits illegally transferring nuclear secrets to Iran, Libya and North Korea. Following a written apology from Khan, President Pervez Musharraf issues a formal pardon.](/news/2004/02/5/pakistani-nuclear-scientist-abdul-qadeer-khan-publicly-admits-illegally-transferring-nuclear-secrets-to-iran-libya-and-north-korea-follow.md) _Context: Iran, Libya, North Korea, Pervez Musharraf_
3. [ North Korea denies reports by British newspapers that it is helping Iran prepare to test an atomic bomb. ](/news/2007/01/27/north-korea-denies-reports-by-british-newspapers-that-it-is-helping-iran-prepare-to-test-an-atomic-bomb.md) _Context: Iran, North Korea, nuclear weapon_
4. [ U.S. intelligence officials and non-government experts conclude that diplomatic efforts to prevent the proliferation of nuclear weapons to Iran and North Korea have failed to slow their weapons development programs.](/news/2004/08/8/u-s-intelligence-officials-and-non-government-experts-conclude-that-diplomatic-efforts-to-prevent-the-proliferation-of-nuclear-weapons-to.md) _Context: Iran, North Korea, nuclear weapon_
5. [ Pakistani nuclear scientist Abdul Qadeer Khan confesses to smuggling nuclear hardware on chartered planes, sharing secret designs for the centrifuges that produce the enriched uranium necessary to develop a nuclear weapon, and giving personal briefings to nuclear scientists from Iran, North Korea and Libya, believing that nuclear proliferation would "ease Western attention on Pakistan" and "help the Muslim cause"](/news/2004/02/2/pakistani-nuclear-scientist-abdul-qadeer-khan-confesses-to-smuggling-nuclear-hardware-on-chartered-planes-sharing-secret-designs-for-the-c.md) _Context: Iran, Libya, North Korea_
6. [ Nuclear Weapons: Secretary of the Guardian Council Ayatollah Ahmad Jannati, a leading hardline Iranian cleric, calls for Iran to withdrawal from Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty because of the compliance protocols referred to by the International Atomic Energy Agency and not consent to unfettered inspections of its nuclear facilities. "The treaty has been denounced by a number of countries. Although Iran has inked the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty, it is free to withdraw from it anytime". "North Korea withdrew from the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty. Many countries have not even signed it. It would have been better if Iran had not signed it."](/news/2003/09/19/nuclear-weapons-secretary-of-the-guardian-council-ayatollah-ahmad-jannati-a-leading-hardline-iranian-cleric-calls-for-iran-to-withdrawal.md) _Context: Iran, North Korea, nuclear weapon_
7. [ North Korea and Iran are planning to form an alliance to develop long-range ballistic missiles with nuclear warheads. Under the plan, North Korea will transport missile parts to Iran for assembly at a plant near Tehran, Iran.](/news/2003/08/6/north-korea-and-iran-are-planning-to-form-an-alliance-to-develop-long-range-ballistic-missiles-with-nuclear-warheads-under-the-plan-north.md) _Context: Iran, North Korea, nuclear weapon_
8. [Mexico expels the ambassador of North Korea in the country over the recent nuclear weapons testing. ](/news/2017/09/7/mexico-expels-the-ambassador-of-north-korea-in-the-country-over-the-recent-nuclear-weapons-testing.md) _Context: North Korea, nuclear weapon_
9. [Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea-both-chambers-of-the-un.md) _Context: Iran, North Korea_
10. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Iran, Libya_
