### [2004-01-6](/news/2004/01/6/index.md)

#  The "Daily Mirror", a British tabloid, publishes the blacked out portion of a letter wherein Diana, Princess of Wales alleged that someone was trying to kill her. The relevant portion reads: "[M]y husband is planning 'an accident' in my car, brake failure & serious head injury in order to make the path clear for him to marry." The part "my husband" (referring to Charles, Prince of Wales) had been previously blacked out, and the word "him" replaced with "Charles" in transcripts of the letter released by Diana's butler, Paul Burrell. The revelation comes on the same day the inquest into the death of Diana and her lover Dodi Al-Fayed is officially opened.




### Related:

1. [ A senior French police source claims Diana, Princess of Wales was pregnant when she was killed in a car crash in Paris in 1997. A Clarence House spokesperson for The Prince of Wales refuses to comment on the issue. Mohamed Al-Fayed, the father of Diana's partner Dodi Al-Fayed had long insisted that Diana was pregnant with Dodi's baby and that she was murdered to stop her from giving birth. ](/news/2003/12/21/a-senior-french-police-source-claims-diana-princess-of-wales-was-pregnant-when-she-was-killed-in-a-car-crash-in-paris-in-1997-a-clarence.md) _Context: Dodi al Fayed, Prince Charles, grandmother_
2. [It is announced that the daughter of the Duke of Cambridge and Catherine, Duchess of Cambridge, has been named Charlotte Elizabeth Diana, named after her grandfather, grandmother, and great grandmother. ](/news/2015/05/4/it-is-announced-that-the-daughter-of-the-duke-of-cambridge-and-catherine-duchess-of-cambridge-has-been-named-charlotte-elizabeth-diana-na.md) _Context: Prince Charles, grandmother_
3. [ Paul Burrell, Princess Diana's butler, refuses to be questioned about whether he lied to the inquest into her death in 1997. ](/news/2008/03/6/paul-burrell-princess-diana-s-butler-refuses-to-be-questioned-about-whether-he-lied-to-the-inquest-into-her-death-in-1997.md) _Context: Paul Burrell, grandmother_
4. [ DNA testing confirms that blood with a high blood alcohol content did indeed belong to Henri Paul, the driver in the crash that killed Diana, Princess of Wales, Dodi al Fayed and Paul himself in 1997. ](/news/2006/12/9/dna-testing-confirms-that-blood-with-a-high-blood-alcohol-content-did-indeed-belong-to-henri-paul-the-driver-in-the-crash-that-killed-dian.md) _Context: Dodi al Fayed, grandmother_
5. [ Three paparazzi who were pursuing Diana and Dodi Al-Fayed when they died face a new trial in France. ](/news/2005/04/14/three-paparazzi-who-were-pursuing-diana-and-dodi-al-fayed-when-they-died-face-a-new-trial-in-france.md) _Context: Dodi al Fayed, grandmother_
6. [Prince Charles becomes the first member of the British Royal Family to meet with Gerry Adams, the President of Sinn Fin, during a two-day visit to Ireland. ](/news/2015/05/19/prince-charles-becomes-the-first-member-of-the-british-royal-family-to-meet-with-gerry-adams-the-president-of-sinn-fein-during-a-two-day-v.md) _Context: Prince Charles_
7. [London's King Edward VII's Hospital says it is reviewing telephone protocol after two disc jockeys from a Sydney-based radio station, 2Day FM made a prank call to the hospital in which they posed as Queen Elizabeth and Prince Charles, and spoke with a member of nursing staff about the health of the Duchess of Cambridge. ](/news/2012/12/5/london-s-king-edward-vii-s-hospital-says-it-is-reviewing-telephone-protocol-after-two-disc-jockeys-from-a-sydney-based-radio-station-2day-f.md) _Context: Prince Charles_
8. [The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge announce they are expecting their first child. The baby could be third in line to the throne, after Prince Charles and Prince William. The Duchess is admitted to hospital with severe morning sickness. ](/news/2012/12/3/the-duke-and-duchess-of-cambridge-announce-they-are-expecting-their-first-child-the-baby-could-be-third-in-line-to-the-throne-after-prince.md) _Context: Prince Charles_
9. [Four civil cases are filed against Trinity Mirror, publishers of the UK newspaper the "Daily Mirror", over allegations of phone hacking. ](/news/2012/10/23/four-civil-cases-are-filed-against-trinity-mirror-publishers-of-the-uk-newspaper-the-daily-mirror-over-allegations-of-phone-hacking.md) _Context: Daily Mirror_
10. [Former "Daily Mirror" journalist James Hipwell tells the Leveson Inquiry that phone hacking was a "bog standard journalistic tool" at the paper. ](/news/2011/12/21/former-daily-mirror-journalist-james-hipwell-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-that-phone-hacking-was-a-bog-standard-journalistic-tool-at-the-pa.md) _Context: Daily Mirror_
