### [2016-06-30](/news/2016/06/30/index.md)

# A 17-year-old Palestinian stabs and kills a sleeping 13-year-old Israeli and American citizen girl Hallel Yaffa Ariel in her bedroom. The assailant is fatally shot by security guards. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu blamed "incitement-driven terrorists" while the U.S. State Department condemned the "outrageous terrorist attack." 

A Palestinian fatally stabbed a 13-year-old Israeli girl in her bedroom in a settlement in the occupied West Bank on Thursday, the military said, as international sponsors of frozen peace talks prepared to issue a report on the impasse.


### Source:

1. [AP via ''Post-Bulletin](http://www.postbulletin.com/news/world/palestinian-kills-israeli-girl-sleeping-in-her-bedroom/article_55bfca06-268a-5bf0-9f2e-6766f32c14cb.html)
2. [Fox](http://www.foxnews.com/world/2016/06/30/israeli-girl-13-stabbed-to-death-in-bedroom-by-palestinian-attacker.html)
3. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-israel-palestinians-idUSKCN0ZG0R4)

### Related:

1. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
2. [Following an appeal, 12-year-old Dima al-Wawi is freed from an Israeli prison. She is believed to be the youngest female Palestinian ever imprisoned.  Israeli civil law, which does not allow anyone under 14 to go to jail, did not affect her imprisonment.   Palestinian residents in the occupied territories are subject to military law that can sentence suspects as young as 12 to prison. ](/news/2016/04/24/following-an-appeal-12-year-old-dima-al-wawi-is-freed-from-an-israeli-prison-she-is-believed-to-be-the-youngest-female-palestinian-ever-im.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
3. [Three terror attacks are reported that result in the deaths of four Palestinians and an American tourist with 12 Israelis wounded, including two Israeli policemen, as United States Vice President Joe Biden arrives in Israel for a two-day visit that includes meetings with Israeli and Palestinian leaders.One of the attacks occurred less than a kilometer from where Joe Biden was at the time. ](/news/2016/03/8/three-terror-attacks-are-reported-that-result-in-the-deaths-of-four-palestinians-and-an-american-tourist-with-12-israelis-wounded-including.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
4. [A report by two Israeli human rights groups, B'Tselem and HaMoked, states dozens of Palestinian detainees at the Shin Bet's Shikma interrogation facility in Ashkelon have been subjected to mistreatment, and in some cases torture. The report examined affidavits and personal accounts from 116 Palestinians held for security reasons at the facility between August 2013 and March 2014. ](/news/2016/02/24/a-report-by-two-israeli-human-rights-groups-b-tselem-and-hamoked-states-dozens-of-palestinian-detainees-at-the-shin-bet-s-shikma-interroga.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
5. [Israeli security forces  kill four Palestinians and critically wound another who attempted to stab either police officers or a member of the public today. This is the latest in a month of similar attacks where 17 Palestinian attackers and eight Israelis have been killed. ](/news/2015/10/17/israeli-security-forces-kill-four-palestinians-and-critically-wound-another-who-attempted-to-stab-either-police-officers-or-a-member-of-the.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
6. [Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence.  ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapsed-a-nearby-house-killing-a-30-y.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
7. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: An Israeli court sentences Asher Weisgan to four consecutive life sentences plus an additional 12 years in prison for murdering four Palestinian workmen and wounding a fifth in August 2005. Weisgan must also pay more than 1,000,000 shekels ($US 235,000) in compensation to the victims' families. ](/news/2006/09/27/israeliapalestinian-conflict-p-an-israeli-court-sentences-asher-weisgan-to-four-consecutive-life-sentences-plus-an-additional-12-years-in.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Palestinian presidential candidate Mustafa Barghouti is  arrested by Israeli police on the last day of the campaign as he tried to enter the Al-Aqsa Mosque. ](/news/2005/01/7/israeliapalestinian-conflict-p-palestinian-presidential-candidate-mustafa-barghouti-is-arrested-by-israeli-police-on-the-last-day-of-the.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
9. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Seven Palestinians are killed when an Israeli tank opens fire on farmland in the northern Gaza Strip. Palestinian presidential candidate and Fatah leader Mahmoud Abbas responds to the deaths with a strong verbal attack on the "Zionist enemy" Israel. Six of the dead were from the same family, including an 11-year-old boy. All the dead were civilians younger than 18. ](/news/2005/01/4/israeliapalestinian-conflict-seven-palestinians-are-killed-when-an-israeli-tank-opens-fire-on-farmland-in-the-northern-gaza-strip-pales.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The Gaza Strip has been completely sealed off by Israel, following yesterday's events which saw the first major attacks by Palestinians on Israeli civilians since Mahmoud Abbas was elected, and followed several Israeli raids in the Gaza Strip and the West Bank. ](/news/2005/01/14/israeliapalestinian-conflict-the-gaza-strip-has-been-completely-sealed-off-by-israel-following-yesterday-s-events-which-saw-the-first-m.md) _Context: Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinians_
