### [2016-06-30](/news/2016/06/30/index.md)

# A Turkish official reports the three suspected Islamic State suicide bombers who killed 44 people and wounded 238 others were Russian, Uzbek, and Kyrgyz nationals. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-turkey-blast-raids-idUSKCN0ZG0RM)

### Related:

1. [Russian president Vladimir Putin says a ceasefire has been brokered between the Syrian government and rebel forces. The ceasefire is said to be guaranteed by Russia and Turkey and would exclude UN-denominated terror organizations such as ISIL and al-Nusra. The FSA says it would abide by the truce, while Ahrar al-Sham expresses "reservations". ](/news/2016/12/29/russian-president-vladimir-putin-says-a-ceasefire-has-been-brokered-between-the-syrian-government-and-rebel-forces-the-ceasefire-is-said-to.md) _Context: ISIS, Russia, Turkey_
2. [Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu says Turkey's cooperation with Russia in combating the Islamic State in Syria does not include Russia's use of its Incirlik Air Base, which some have interpreted from his comments yesterday. ](/news/2016/07/4/turkish-foreign-minister-mevla1-4t-aavuaoalu-says-turkey-s-cooperation-with-russia-in-combating-the-islamic-state-in-syria-does-not-include.md) _Context: ISIS, Russia, Turkey_
3. [ Russia, Belarus, Armenia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan, and Uzbekistan agree to form a rapid reaction force based in the Federation. ](/news/2009/02/5/russia-belarus-armenia-kazakhstan-kyrgyzstan-tajikistan-and-uzbekistan-agree-to-form-a-rapid-reaction-force-based-in-the-federation.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan, Russia, Uzbekistan_
4. [ The Shanghai Cooperation Organisation of Central Asian countries comprising the People's Republic of China, Russia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan meets in the Kyrgyz capital of Bishkek to discuss security issues. ](/news/2007/08/14/the-shanghai-cooperation-organisation-of-central-asian-countries-comprising-the-people-s-republic-of-china-russia-kazakhstan-kyrgyzstan.md) _Context: Kyrgyzstan, Russia, Uzbekistan_
5. [The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information-from-tribal-leader.md) _Context: ISIS, Russia_
6. [The Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF) suspends combat missions against ISIL over Syria, following Russia's threat that it would treat any aircraft from the U.S.-led coalition flying west of the Euphrates as a potential target. ](/news/2017/06/20/the-royal-australian-air-force-raaf-suspends-combat-missions-against-isil-over-syria-following-russia-s-threat-that-it-would-treat-any-ai.md) _Context: ISIS, Russia_
7. [The Russian Ministry of Defence says its forces may have killed ISIL's leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi in an airstrike, south of Raqqa on 28 May, and currently is seeking confirmation. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-russian-ministry-of-defence-says-its-forces-may-have-killed-isil-s-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-in-an-airstrike-south-of-raqqa-on-28-may.md) _Context: ISIS, Russia_
8. [Despite opposition from Turkey, President Donald Trump authorizes an arms deal with the Syrian Kurds to assist the Syrian Democratic Forces in their fight against Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL). ](/news/2017/05/9/despite-opposition-from-turkey-president-donald-trump-authorizes-an-arms-deal-with-the-syrian-kurds-to-assist-the-syrian-democratic-forces.md) _Context: ISIS, Turkey_
9. [A memorandum is signed by Russia, Iran, and Turkey calling for de-escalation of the Syrian Civil War, although neither the Syrian government nor the Syrian opposition are signatories. ](/news/2017/05/4/a-memorandum-is-signed-by-russia-iran-and-turkey-calling-for-de-escalation-of-the-syrian-civil-war-although-neither-the-syrian-government.md) _Context: Russia, Turkey_
10. [Two people are killed in an attack in a Federal Security Service office in the Russian city of Khabarovsk. The gunman is also killed. The US-Israeli SITE Intelligence Group says Amaq News Agency claims the attack for Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. The Russian Federal Security Service says the native 18-year-old perpetrator was a known member of a neo-nazi group. ](/news/2017/04/21/two-people-are-killed-in-an-attack-in-a-federal-security-service-office-in-the-russian-city-of-khabarovsk-the-gunman-is-also-killed-the-us.md) _Context: ISIS, Russia_
