### [2016-06-30](/news/2016/06/30/index.md)

# Bosnia and Herzegovina officially releases its first census report since the end of the Bosnian War after multiple delays, showing that the country had lost one fifth of its population from 4.4 million to 3.5 million between then and 2013. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/content/bosnia-census/27830764.html)

### Related:

1. [Judges at the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia find former President of the Republika Srpska Radovan Karadzic guilty of committing genocide and crimes against humanity in Bosnia during the Bosnian War and is sentenced to 40 years in prison. Karadzic is found to be "criminally responsible" for the Srebrenica massacre. ](/news/2016/03/24/judges-at-the-international-criminal-tribunal-for-the-former-yugoslavia-find-former-president-of-the-republika-srpska-radovan-karada3-4ia-gui.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bosnian War_
2. [Police in Bosnia and Herzegovina arrest 25 people on suspicion of multiple murders, drug-trafficking and robbery in the biggest crackdown on organised crime since the Bosnian War. ](/news/2012/09/12/police-in-bosnia-and-herzegovina-arrest-25-people-on-suspicion-of-multiple-murders-drug-trafficking-and-robbery-in-the-biggest-crackdown-on.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bosnian War_
3. [Bosnia and Herzegovina marks the 20th anniversary of the start of the Bosnian War in April 1992. ](/news/2012/04/6/bosnia-and-herzegovina-marks-the-20th-anniversary-of-the-start-of-the-bosnian-war-in-april-1992.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bosnian War_
4. [Corpses of more than 50 people are unearthed in Perucac lake on the border between Bosnia and Herzegovina and Serbia by investigators looking for people who were killed during the 1992-95 Bosnian War. ](/news/2010/08/11/corpses-of-more-than-50-people-are-unearthed-in-peruaac-lake-on-the-border-between-bosnia-and-herzegovina-and-serbia-by-investigators-looki.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bosnian War_
5. [ International Court of Justice (ICJ) begins hearing a landmark genocide case, Bosnia and Herzegovina vs. Serbia and Montenegro. Bosnia filed a claim alleging violations of the UN Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Genocide against the former Yugoslavia during the 1992-1995 Bosnian war. Bosnian genocide case at the ICJ is a first ever genocide court case against a state in the 60 year history of ICJ. ](/news/2006/02/27/international-court-of-justice-icj-begins-hearing-a-landmark-genocide-case-bosnia-and-herzegovina-vs-serbia-and-montenegro-bosnia-file.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Bosnian War_
6. [Aftermath of the Bosnian War and Bosnian genocide. An appeals court in The Hague rules that Netherlands is partly to blame for the deaths of some 350 Muslim Bosnian men in the 1995 Srebrenica genocide and, in a move considered landmark, orders it to pay limited damages. ](/news/2017/06/27/aftermath-of-the-bosnian-war-and-bosnian-genocide-an-appeals-court-in-the-hague-rules-that-netherlands-is-partly-to-blame-for-the-deaths-of.md) _Context: Bosnian War_
7. [Accession of Bosnia and Herzegovina to the European Union. The European Union's 28 member states formally accept Bosnia and Herzegovina's membership application. The European Commission (EC) will now determine whether Bosnia meets the criteria to join the union, a process that is expected to take a year. ](/news/2016/09/20/accession-of-bosnia-and-herzegovina-to-the-european-union-the-european-union-s-28-member-states-formally-accept-bosnia-and-herzegovina-s-me.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina_
8. [Yugoslav Wars. Former Deputy Prime Minister of Serbia and nationalist politician, Vojislav Seselj, is acquitted of all nine charges of committing atrocities in Bosnia and Croatia during the early 1990s by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia. ](/news/2016/03/31/yugoslav-wars-former-deputy-prime-minister-of-serbia-and-nationalist-politician-vojislav-a-ea-elj-is-acquitted-of-all-nine-charges-of-com.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina_
9. [Enlargement of the European Union. Bosnia and Herzegovina formally applies to join the European Union. ](/news/2016/02/15/enlargement-of-the-european-union-bosnia-and-herzegovina-formally-applies-to-join-the-european-union.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina_
10. [2015 Sarajevo shooting. A gunman inside a betting shop near army barracks in the Bosnian capital, Sarajevo, shoots dead two Bosnian Army soldiers. The gunman, identified as Salafi extremist Enes Omeragic, later commits suicide after police surround his house. ](/news/2015/11/18/2015-sarajevo-shooting-a-gunman-inside-a-betting-shop-near-army-barracks-in-the-bosnian-capital-sarajevo-shoots-dead-two-bosnian-army-sol.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina_
