### [2016-06-30](/news/2016/06/30/index.md)

# British home secretary Theresa May enters into the Tory leadership contest, saying that Article 50 of the EU Treaty should not be invoked before the end of this year, implying that formal Brexit negotiations with the EU institutions be put on hold until 2017 at the earliest. 

British Home Secretary Theresa May announced her candidacy for the U.K. Conservative Party leadership race that will also decide the next prime minister, positioning herself as a safe pair of hands at a time when Britain’s future has been thrown into question.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-politics-36672591)
2. [Wall Street Journal](http://www.wsj.com/articles/theresa-may-joins-race-to-replace-david-cameron-1467275742)

### Related:

1. [Conservative Party members of parliament vote in a second ballot to choose the next leader of the party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron. The Home Secretary Theresa May secured the highest number votes with 199, while Department of Energy and Climate Change minister Andrea Leadsom received the second highest amount, with 84. The Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove received just 46 votes and is eliminated from the race, meaning a run-off contest will now take place between May and Leadsom, with the result to be announced on September 9. ](/news/2016/07/7/conservative-party-members-of-parliament-vote-in-a-second-ballot-to-choose-the-next-leader-of-the-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-d.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016, Theresa May_
2. [Home Secretary Theresa May gets 165 votes after the first ballot of Conservative members of parliament  to select a new Leader and the next Prime Minister.  Her nearest rival,  Minister of State for Energy Andrea Leadsom, picked up 66 votes.  Secretary of State for Justice Michael Gove won 48 votes, and  Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb got 34 votes. Former Secretary of State for Defence Liam Fox is eliminated from consideration as he received just 16. Later, Crabb pulled out of the race  and endorsed front-runner Theresa May. Fox also endorsed May. ](/news/2016/07/5/home-secretary-theresa-may-gets-165-votes-after-the-first-ballot-of-conservative-members-of-parliament-to-select-a-new-leader-and-the-next.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016, Theresa May_
3. [British Prime Minister Theresa May signs a letter invoking Article 50 of the Treaty on European Union. Its notification to the European Council tomorrow will formally begin the UK's withdrawal from the European Union. ](/news/2017/03/28/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-signs-a-letter-invoking-article-50-of-the-treaty-on-european-union-its-notification-to-the-european-coun.md) _Context: Brexit, Theresa May_
4. [British Prime Minister Theresa May announces that her government will trigger article 50, which begins the process of withdrawing from the European Union, on March 29. ](/news/2017/03/20/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-announces-that-her-government-will-trigger-article-50-which-begins-the-process-of-withdrawing-from-the-e.md) _Context: Brexit, Theresa May_
5. [British Prime Minister Theresa May says the House of Commons must accept Brexit. ](/news/2016/11/6/british-prime-minister-theresa-may-says-the-house-of-commons-must-accept-brexit.md) _Context: Brexit, Theresa May_
6. [Andrea Leadsom withdraws from the leadership election meaning that Theresa May will become the next leader of the Conservative Party and next Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. ](/news/2016/07/11/andrea-leadsom-withdraws-from-the-leadership-election-meaning-that-theresa-may-will-become-the-next-leader-of-the-conservative-party-and-nex.md) _Context: Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016, Theresa May_
7. [The process to elect a new leader of the Conservative Party to replace outgoing Prime Minister David Cameron begins in the United Kingdom. The Secretary of State for Work and Pensions Stephen Crabb is the first Conservative Party politician to announce his official candidacy for leader. ](/news/2016/06/29/the-process-to-elect-a-new-leader-of-the-conservative-party-to-replace-outgoing-prime-minister-david-cameron-begins-in-the-united-kingdom-t.md) _Context: Conservative Party, Conservative Party (UK) leadership election, 2016_
8. [European Union leaders approve negotiating guidelines that seek to secure "sufficient progress" on the rights of European Union expatriates living in the United Kingdom, on the financial terms of the separation and on a "soft border" between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland, before committing to talk about a new free trade deal. ](/news/2017/04/29/european-union-leaders-approve-negotiating-guidelines-that-seek-to-secure-sufficient-progress-on-the-rights-of-european-union-expatriates.md) _Context: Brexit_
9. [British Prime Minster Theresa May proposes that a snap election for the House of Commons will be held on the 8th of June. A two-thirds majority of the House of Commons is needed to approve this, eventually tomorrow. The Labour and Liberal Democrats party leaders have expressed their support. ](/news/2017/04/18/british-prime-minster-theresa-may-proposes-that-a-snap-election-for-the-house-of-commons-will-be-held-on-the-8th-of-june-a-two-thirds-major.md) _Context: Theresa May_
10. [The United Kingdom formally notifies the European Council of its intention to withdraw from the European Union and the European Atomic Energy Community. There is not yet agreement on a negotiations roadmap. ](/news/2017/03/29/the-united-kingdom-formally-notifies-the-european-council-of-its-intention-to-withdraw-from-the-european-union-and-the-european-atomic-energ.md) _Context: Brexit_
