### [2016-06-30](/news/2016/06/30/index.md)

# Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). According to reports, at least 250 ISIL militants were killed during fighting in the city of Fallujah while fighting Iraqi Army forces with assistance from U.S. airstrikes. 

Preliminary and unofficial estimates suggest US-led coalition air strikes have killed 250 suspected fighters and destroyed at least 40 vehicles.


### Source:

1. [Reuters via Euronews](http://www.euronews.com/2016/06/30/hundreds-of-isil-fighters-killed-in-falluja-reports/)

### Related:

1. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Battle of Mosul (2016-17). The Iraqi Army announces the liberation of the eastern part of Mosul following the collapse of ISIL defenses. ](/news/2017/01/18/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-battle-of-mosul-2016-17-the-iraqi-army-announces-the-liberation-of-the-eastern-part-of-mosul-followin.md) _Context: Iraqi Army, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
2. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Battle of Fallujah (2016). The head of the counter terrorism forces which partook in the offensive says that the city of Fallujah has been "fully liberated". ](/news/2016/06/26/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-battle-of-fallujah-2016-the-head-of-the-counter-terrorism-forces-which-partook-in-the-offensive-says-th.md) _Context: Fallujah, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), during fighting_
3. [Battle of Fallujah (2016). The United Nations reports 80,000 civilians have fled Fallujah, as Iraqi Army and Shia militias retake most of the city from ISIL. ](/news/2016/06/22/battle-of-fallujah-2016-the-united-nations-reports-80-000-civilians-have-fled-fallujah-as-iraqi-army-and-shia-militias-retake-most-of-th.md) _Context: Fallujah, Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant, during fighting_
4. [ Iraqi civil war (2014-present). The Iraqi government begins Operation Breaking Terrorism, aimed at retaking the city of Fallujah, which has been under the control of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant group since early 2014. ](/news/2016/05/23/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-iraqi-government-begins-operation-breaking-terrorism-aimed-at-retaking-the-city-of-fallujah-which-h.md) _Context: Fallujah, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
5. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Hit offensive (2016). The Iraqi Army recaptures the western town of Hit, Al Anbar Governorate, after driving out hundreds of ISIL militants. ](/news/2016/04/8/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-ha-t-offensive-2016-the-iraqi-army-recaptures-the-western-town-of-ha-t-al-anbar-governorate-after-dri.md) _Context: Iraqi Army, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
6. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for a suicide bomb attack on a Iraqi Army base (Camp Speicher, now known as Tikrit Air Academy), near the town of Tikrit, north of Baghdad, that killed at least 15 and injured 22. ](/news/2016/01/3/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-for-a-suicide-bomb-attack-on-a-iraqi-army-b.md) _Context: Iraqi Army, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
7. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). A suicide bomber at a market in Musayyib kills 31 and wounds 35. ISIL claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/06/9/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-a-suicide-bomber-at-a-market-in-musayyib-kills-31-and-wounds-35-isil-claims-responsibility.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
8. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). According to security sources, dozens of people are killed in an overnight attack in Tikrit by suspected ISIL militants. 31 bodies were taken to a hospital, according to a local doctor, while more continued to be found by morning. ](/news/2017/04/5/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-according-to-security-sources-dozens-of-people-are-killed-in-an-overnight-attack-in-tikrit-by-suspected-i.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
9. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). The pro-government Popular Mobilization Forces militia takes control of the mostly destroyed ancient city of Hatra in Iraq's Nineveh Governorate, following clashes with ISIL, who seized the ruins in 2014. ](/news/2017/04/26/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-the-pro-government-popular-mobilization-forces-militia-takes-control-of-the-mostly-destroyed-ancient-city.md) _Context: Iraqi Civil War (2014-present), Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant_
10. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present). Battle of Mosul (2016-17). The Iraqi Army retakes Mosul Museum as well as the main government building in Mosul. ](/news/2017/03/7/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-battle-of-mosul-2016-17-the-iraqi-army-retakes-mosul-museum-as-well-as-the-main-government-building-i.md) _Context: Iraqi Army, Iraqi Civil War (2014-present)_
