### [2016-06-30](/news/2016/06/30/index.md)

# Rodrigo Duterte is inaugurated as President of the Philippines and Leni Robredo as Vice President. 

A sharp increase in killings of criminal suspects since the election of Rodrigo Duterte as Philippine president offers a glimpse of what may be to come for the country, a close U.S. ally.


### Source:

1. [The Manila Bulletin](http://www.mb.com.ph/pnp-activates-task-force-for-duterte-robredo-inauguration-on-thursday/)
2. [The Wall Street Journal](http://www.wsj.com/articles/in-rodrigo-dutertes-philippines-suspects-have-the-right-to-remain-silentforever-1467224121)

### Related:

1. [  The Congress of the Philippines proclaims Rodrigo Duterte and Leni Robredo as President-elect and Vice President-elect of the Philippines, respectively. ](/news/2016/05/30/the-congress-of-the-philippines-proclaims-rodrigo-duterte-and-leni-robredo-as-president-elect-and-vice-president-elect-of-the-philippines.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Philippine president, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, Vice President of the Philippines_
2. [President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte threatens the ''Philippine Daily Inquirer'' with an expose. The newspaper has been a long-time ally of the politically prominent Aquino family (ever since the 1986 EDSA People Power Revolution), as well as the minority opposition Liberal Party (of which the Vice President of the Philippines Leni Robredo is its prominent member); both have been consistent in their criticisms of the Duterty presidency and its policies since its inauguration in 2016. ](/news/2017/07/1/president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-threatens-the-philippine-daily-inquirer-with-an-exposa-c-the-newspaper-has-been-a-long-time.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Philippine president, Rodrigo Duterte, Vice President of the Philippines_
3. [Rodrigo Duterte is officially elected as President and Leni Robredo as Vice President. ](/news/2016/05/27/rodrigo-duterte-is-officially-elected-as-president-and-leni-robredo-as-vice-president.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Philippine president, Rodrigo Duterte, Vice President of the Philippines_
4. [The Supreme Court of the Philippines says President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte can declare martial law in the whole Philippines. Two days prior, the Supreme Court had ](/news/2017/07/6/the-supreme-court-of-the-philippines-says-president-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-can-declare-martial-law-in-the-whole-philippines-two.md) _Context: Philippine president, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
5. [Philippine vice president Leni Robredo faces an impeachment charge before the House of Representatives for condemning the country's war on drugs at the United Nations. ](/news/2017/05/2/philippine-vice-president-leni-robredo-faces-an-impeachment-charge-before-the-house-of-representatives-for-condemning-the-country-s-war-on-d.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Philippines, Vice President of the Philippines_
6. [The cabinet of Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte investigates an email leak that allegedly indicates the involvement of the vice president Leni Robredo in attempts to overthrow Duterte. ](/news/2017/01/9/the-cabinet-of-philippine-president-rodrigo-duterte-investigates-an-email-leak-that-allegedly-indicates-the-involvement-of-the-vice-presiden.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Philippine president, Rodrigo Duterte_
7. [Philippines president  Rodrigo Duterte accuses the opposition Liberal Party of trying to oust him and install the current vice president  Leni Robredo to the presidency. ](/news/2016/12/7/philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-accuses-the-opposition-liberal-party-of-trying-to-oust-him-and-install-the-current-vice-president-le.md) _Context: Leni Robredo, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
8. [Crime in the Philippines; Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte urges Filipino citizens to murder people suspected of using illegal drugs. ](/news/2016/07/1/crime-in-the-philippines-philippines-president-rodrigo-duterte-urges-filipino-citizens-to-murder-people-suspected-of-using-illegal-drugs.md) _Context: Philippine president, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
9. [Rodrigo Duterte, the Philippines presumptive president-elect, says  he will allow the immediate burial of former kleptocratic dictator Ferdinand Marcos at the Heroes' Cemetery in metropolitan Manila. ](/news/2016/05/23/rodrigo-duterte-the-philippines-presumptive-president-elect-says-he-will-allow-the-immediate-burial-of-former-kleptocratic-dictator-ferdi.md) _Context: Philippine president, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
10. [President-elect of the Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte, vows to reintroduce capital punishment and give security forces permission to shoot to kill for organized crime figures and people resisting arrest. Duterte is due to take office on June 30, 2016. ](/news/2016/05/15/president-elect-of-the-philippines-rodrigo-duterte-vows-to-reintroduce-capital-punishment-and-give-security-forces-permission-to-shoot-to.md) _Context: Philippine president, Philippines, Rodrigo Duterte_
