### [2015-08-2](/news/2015/08/2/index.md)

# Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper confirms that he has asked Governor General David Johnston to dissolve the Canadian Parliament and set a general election for October 19. This will be the longest election campaign for Canada in recent history, since voting was once staggered over months to accommodate people travelling from remote regions of the country using archaic means of transportation. 

Conservative Leader Stephen Harper has kicked off what will be the longest federal election campaign in recent history. 


### Source:

1. [CBC](http://www.cbc.ca/news/politics/canada-election-2015-stephen-harper-confirms-start-of-11-week-federal-campaign-1.3175136)

### Related:

1. [The Governor-General of Canada David Johnston dissolves the Parliament of Canada and issues writs for the Canadian federal election. ](/news/2011/03/26/the-governor-general-of-canada-david-johnston-dissolves-the-parliament-of-canada-and-issues-writs-for-the-canadian-federal-election.md) _Context: David Johnston, Governor General, Parliament of Canada_
2. [Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper invites Aung San Suu Kyi to visit Canada. ](/news/2010/12/27/canadian-prime-minister-stephen-harper-invites-aung-san-suu-kyi-to-visit-canada.md) _Context: Canadian Prime Minister, Stephen Harper_
3. [ 2008 Canadian parliamentary dispute: At the request of Prime Minister Stephen Harper, Governor General of Canada Michalle Jean prorogues the parliament until January 26, 2009, to avoid a confidence motion by a newly-formed coalition of opposition parties. ](/news/2008/12/4/2008-canadian-parliamentary-dispute-at-the-request-of-prime-minister-stephen-harper-governor-general-of-canada-michaelle-jean-prorogues-t.md) _Context: Governor General, Stephen Harper_
4. [ A young Canadian man is found guilty in the 2006 Toronto terrorism case of participating in a plot to storm the Parliament of Canada and behead the Prime Minister of Canada, Stephen Harper. ](/news/2008/09/25/a-young-canadian-man-is-found-guilty-in-the-2006-toronto-terrorism-case-of-participating-in-a-plot-to-storm-the-parliament-of-canada-and-be.md) _Context: Parliament of Canada, Stephen Harper_
5. [ 2006 Toronto terrorism case: Toronto police uncover an alleged subplot where Steven Vikash Chand, alias Abdul Shakur, intended to lead an invasion of the Parliament of Canada building and assassinate Prime Minister Stephen Harper. ](/news/2006/06/6/2006-toronto-terrorism-case-toronto-police-uncover-an-alleged-subplot-where-steven-vikash-chand-alias-abdul-shakur-intended-to-lead-an-i.md) _Context: Parliament of Canada, Stephen Harper_
6. [ The 39th Canadian Parliament opens in Ottawa, with the Speech from the Throne delivered by the Governor General on behalf of the newly elected government of Stephen Harper. ](/news/2006/04/4/the-39th-canadian-parliament-opens-in-ottawa-with-the-speech-from-the-throne-delivered-by-the-governor-general-on-behalf-of-the-newly-elec.md) _Context: Governor General, Stephen Harper_
7. [A road collapse at a major intersection near the Canadian Parliament in Ottawa, Ontario, forces evacuation of a mall, a hotel, the Shaw Convention Centre, and a book store because of the smell of gas. Power and water are now shut off. ](/news/2016/06/8/a-road-collapse-at-a-major-intersection-near-the-canadian-parliament-in-ottawa-ontario-forces-evacuation-of-a-mall-a-hotel-the-shaw-conv.md) _Context: Parliament of Canada_
8. [North American Leaders' Summit aka the "Three Amigos Summit": Takes place in Ottawa, Canada as US President Barack Obama and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto meet with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. President Obama later gives a special address to the Parliament of Canada. ](/news/2016/06/29/north-american-leaders-summit-aka-the-three-amigos-summit-takes-place-in-ottawa-canada-as-us-president-barack-obama-and-mexican-preside.md) _Context: Parliament of Canada_
9. [South Korean opposition lawmakers' anti-terrorism bill filibuster, which stops all other legislative business, extends its world record to 115 hours Sunday afternoon, easily besting Canada's 58-hour session in 2011. The major issue is giving South Korea's intelligence agency powers to monitor private communications. This parliamentary session is set to end March 11, with elections on April 13. ](/news/2016/02/28/south-korean-opposition-lawmakers-anti-terrorism-bill-filibuster-which-stops-all-other-legislative-business-extends-its-world-record-to-1.md) _Context: Parliament of Canada_
10. [Canadian federal election, 2015: The Canadian Liberal party led by Justin Trudeau won the federal election with 184 seats. ](/news/2015/10/19/canadian-federal-election-2015-the-canadian-liberal-party-led-by-justin-trudeau-won-the-federal-election-with-184-seats.md) _Context: Canadian federal election, 2015_
