### [2015-08-2](/news/2015/08/2/index.md)

# General Adolphe Nshimirimana, former chief of staff of the Burundi Army, is assassinated in Bujumbura. 




### Source:

1. [RFI original in French](http://www.rfi.fr/contenu/ticker/burundi-ancien-chef-etat-major-armee-ete-assassine-officiel)

### Related:

1. [A senior Burundian Army general, Athanase Kararuza, an ethnic Tutsi and security advisor to Burundi Vice-President Gaston Sindimwo, is shot dead by heavily armed men in the capital Bujumbura. ](/news/2016/04/25/a-senior-burundian-army-general-athanase-kararuza-an-ethnic-tutsi-and-security-advisor-to-burundi-vice-president-gaston-sindimwo-is-shot.md) _Context: Bujumbura, Burundian Army_
2. [Burundi's army reports 87 people, including eight government defenders, were killed, and 45 attackers captured in Friday's clashes at three military sites in Bujumbura. Police have not identified the gunmen. Witnesses report some of the victims' arms were tied behind their backs while others were killed at close range. This was the worst violence since this spring's attempted coup d'etat. One of the generals behind the failed coup says his rebel group still wants to oust the president. ](/news/2015/12/12/burundi-s-army-reports-87-people-including-eight-government-defenders-were-killed-and-45-attackers-captured-in-friday-s-clashes-at-three.md) _Context: Bujumbura, Burundian Army_
3. [Burundi's army repels attacks on military barracks in the capital, Bujumbura, in the worst violence since this spring's unrest that developed after President Pierre Nkurunziza decided to seek a third term in office. According to an army spokesman, at least 12 gunmen are killed and 20 captured. Reports that at least five soldiers have been killed are denied by the army, which says the soldiers were wounded. Two southern sites, a police station and an army camp, were also attacked, with no report on casualties. Kenya Airways and RwandAir cancels its flights to Bujumbura. ](/news/2015/12/11/burundias-army-repels-attacks-on-military-barracks-in-the-capital-bujumbura-in-the-worst-violence-since-this-spring-s-unrest-that-develo.md) _Context: Bujumbura, Burundian Army_
4. [A gunman shoots dead Burundi's environment minister Emmanuel Niyonkuru in the nation's capital, Bujumbura. ](/news/2017/01/1/a-gunman-shoots-dead-burundi-s-environment-minister-emmanuel-niyonkuru-in-the-nation-s-capital-bujumbura.md) _Context: Bujumbura_
5. [The U.S. State Department issues a travel advisory for Burundi and advises its citizens there to leave as soon as possible due to the increased violence in the capital Bujumbura where 87 people were killed this weekend. Families of U.S. government personnel and non-emergency personnel have been ordered to leave immediately. ](/news/2015/12/13/the-u-s-state-department-issues-a-travel-advisory-for-burundi-and-advises-its-citizens-there-to-leave-as-soon-as-possible-due-to-the-increa.md) _Context: Bujumbura_
6. [At least nine people are killed after gunmen attack a bar in Burundi's capital, Bujumbura. ](/news/2015/11/8/at-least-nine-people-are-killed-after-gunmen-attack-a-bar-in-burundi-s-capital-bujumbura.md) _Context: Bujumbura_
7. [Burundi's army chief General Prime Niyongabo survives an assassination attempt after armed men attacked his motorcade on a busy road in the capital, Bujumbura. Six people are killed in the attack. ](/news/2015/09/11/burundi-s-army-chief-general-prime-niyongabo-survives-an-assassination-attempt-after-armed-men-attacked-his-motorcade-on-a-busy-road-in-the.md) _Context: Bujumbura_
8. [Jean Bikomagu, a leader of the military during the Civil War is assassinated, heightening fears of another civil war developing. ](/news/2015/08/15/jean-bikomagu-a-leader-of-the-military-during-the-civil-war-is-assassinated-heightening-fears-of-another-civil-war-developing.md) _Context: Burundian Army_
9. [The President of Burundi Pierre Nkurunziza officially registers to run for a third time sparking violent protests in the Nyakabiga district of Bujumbura. ](/news/2015/05/8/the-president-of-burundi-pierre-nkurunziza-officially-registers-to-run-for-a-third-time-sparking-violent-protests-in-the-nyakabiga-district.md) _Context: Bujumbura_
10. [Two policemen and a civilian are killed and three others injured after a grenade attack in Burundi's capital Bujumbura. The attack takes place a day after a similar incident injured three officers, and comes in the midst of intensifying protests against current president Pierre Nkurunziza. ](/news/2015/05/2/two-policemen-and-a-civilian-are-killed-and-three-others-injured-after-a-grenade-attack-in-burundi-s-capital-bujumbura-the-attack-takes-pla.md) _Context: Bujumbura_
