### [2016-02-18](/news/2016/02/18/index.md)

# Lukasz Kaminski, head of the Institute of National Remembrance says a newly found document, seized this week from the house of Poland's last communist-era interior minister, Czeslaw Kiszczak, suggests that former Polish President Lech Walesa was an informant for the Polish People's Republic's secret security service during the 1970-76 period. 

Documents show that Poland&#x27;s anti-communist legend Lech Walesa was a paid informant for the communist-era secret security service, officials said.


### Source:

1. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/lech-walesa-was-paid-informant-communist-regime-documents-n520591)
2. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-35602437)

### Related:

1. [The leader of Poland's Democracy Defence Committee, Mateusz Kijowski, says the government has "broken the country" after Polish President, Andrzej Duda, enacted a measure curbing the powers of the country's  highest legislative court, the Constitutional Tribunal, despite protests and warnings from the European Union. Kijowski further called for foreign intervention in the country from "Europe and the United States" to topple the Law and Justice (PiS) government, saying "they must help us, otherwise Poland will leave the community of democracies". After news broke that Duda had signed into law the constitutional tribunal bill, he made a speech on television defending his move. Polish newspaper Gazeta Wyborcza quoted U.S. sources saying Barack Obama had objections and had let it be known he would delay meeting Duda. The newspaper also suggested Poland's hosting of the next NATO summit, planned for July 2016, was in the balance. ](/news/2015/12/28/the-leader-of-poland-s-democracy-defence-committee-mateusz-kijowski-says-the-government-has-broken-the-country-after-polish-president-a.md) _Context: Poland, President of Poland_
2. [Voters in Poland go to the polls for the second round of a Presidential election between President Bronislaw Komorowski and challenger Andrzej Duda with exit polls showing Duda ahead. ](/news/2015/05/24/voters-in-poland-go-to-the-polls-for-the-second-round-of-a-presidential-election-between-president-bronisaaw-komorowski-and-challenger-andr.md) _Context: Poland, President of Poland_
3. [Voters in Poland go to the polls for a presidential election with a second round of voting scheduled with Andrzej Duda of the Law and Justice Party challenging incumbent President Bronislaw Komorowski. ](/news/2015/05/10/voters-in-poland-go-to-the-polls-for-a-presidential-election-with-a-second-round-of-voting-scheduled-with-andrzej-duda-of-the-law-and-justic.md) _Context: Poland, President of Poland_
4. [A Polish report into the 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash that killed President Lech Kaczynski blames the Polish crew and Russian air traffic controllers for the accident. ](/news/2011/07/29/a-polish-report-into-the-2010-polish-air-force-tu-154-crash-that-killed-president-lech-kaczyaski-blames-the-polish-crew-and-russian-air-tra.md) _Context: Poland, President of Poland_
5. [In Poland, presidential elections take place after the death of President Lech Kaczynski on April 10, 2010 in a plane crash. ](/news/2010/06/20/in-poland-presidential-elections-take-place-after-the-death-of-president-lech-kaczyaski-on-april-10-2010-in-a-plane-crash.md) _Context: Poland, President of Poland_
6. [Aftermath of 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash:Polish President Lech Kaczynski lies in state in Warsaw as Russia marks a day of mourning and Poland appoints an acting head of the central bank to replace the one killed in Saturday's air disaster near Smolensk. ](/news/2010/04/12/aftermath-of-2010-polish-air-force-tu-154-crash-ppolish-president-lech-kaczyaski-lies-in-state-in-warsaw-as-russia-marks-a-day-of-mourning.md) _Context: Poland, President of Poland_
7. [Aftermath of 2010 Polish Air Force Tu-154 crash:The body of President Lech Kaczynski, who was killed in yesterday's plane crash just north of Smolensk, Russia, is flown back to Poland. ](/news/2010/04/11/aftermath-of-2010-polish-air-force-tu-154-crash-pthe-body-of-president-lech-kaczyaski-who-was-killed-in-yesterday-s-plane-crash-just-north.md) _Context: Poland, President of Poland_
8. [ Pressure increases on the Czech and Polish nations to approve the Treaty of Lisbon; Polish President Lech Kaczynski is expected to sign it following the second Irish referendum but Czech President Vaclav Klaus continues to decline. ](/news/2009/10/4/pressure-increases-on-the-czech-and-polish-nations-to-approve-the-treaty-of-lisbon-polish-president-lech-kaczyaski-is-expected-to-sign-it.md) _Context: Poland, President of Poland_
9. [ Solidarity co-founder and former President of Poland Lech Walesa (in favour) and United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP) leader Nigel Farage (against) arrive in Ireland to campaign over the country's second referendum on the Treaty of Lisbon. ](/news/2009/09/18/solidarity-co-founder-and-former-president-of-poland-lech-waaasa-in-favour-and-united-kingdom-independence-party-ukip-leader-nigel-fa.md) _Context: Lech Wałęsa, President of Poland_
10. [ 22 prominent figures, including Poland's Lech Walesa and the Czech Republic's Vaclav Havel, warn in an open letter to the Barack Obama administration against developing closer ties with Russia. ](/news/2009/07/17/22-prominent-figures-including-poland-s-lech-waaasa-and-the-czech-republic-s-va-clav-havel-warn-in-an-open-letter-to-the-barack-obama-a.md) _Context: Lech Wałęsa, Poland_
