### [2016-02-18](/news/2016/02/18/index.md)

# North Korea-South Korea relations. South Korea's National Intelligence Service warns that North Korea is currently planning a "terrorist attack" on South Korea, saying Kim Jong-un himself gave the order to North Korea's State Security Department to make preparations for attacks. The NIS warning covered a large number of possible targets, including "subways, shopping malls, exhibition centers, power plants" as well as possible cyber attacks. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2016/02/18/asia/south-korea-north-korean-terror-attack-claim/index.html)

### Related:

1. [A Seoul-based radio station targeting North Koreans reports that a train carrying birthday gifts for North Korean future leader Kim Jong-un derailed, in what it describes as a possible act of revolt by opponents. South Korea's National Intelligence Service (NIS) states that it is checking the report. ](/news/2010/12/27/a-seoul-based-radio-station-targeting-north-koreans-reports-that-a-train-carrying-birthday-gifts-for-north-korean-future-leader-kim-jong-un.md) _Context: Kim Jong-un, North Korea, South Korea, South Korea's intelligence agency_
2. [North Korea-South Korea relations. The United States deploys parts of its Terminal High Altitude Area Defense in South Korea amidst high tension caused by North Korea's escalation of its missile and nuclear weapons programs. ](/news/2017/04/26/north-korea-south-korea-relations-the-united-states-deploys-parts-of-its-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-in-south-korea-amidst-high-t.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea_
3. [North Korea-South Korea relations. South Korea reports that North Korea has fired three ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. ](/news/2016/09/5/north-korea-south-korea-relations-south-korea-reports-that-north-korea-has-fired-three-ballistic-missiles-into-the-sea-of-japan.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea_
4. [North Korea-South Korea relations. South Korea and the United States start annual military drills despite North Korea's threats of nuclear attacks. ](/news/2016/08/22/north-korea-south-korea-relations-south-korea-and-the-united-states-start-annual-military-drills-despite-north-korea-s-threats-of-nuclear.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea_
5. [North Korea-South Korea relations. North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. The South Korean Joint Chiefs of Staff and the United States Strategic Command report North Korea fires three ballistic missiles into the Sea of Japan. The short-range ballistic missiles flew about 500 to 600 kilometers (310 to 375 miles) before crashing in the sea, sufficient to target the southern part of South Korea where the U.S. Terminal High Altitude Area Defense system is set to be installed. ](/news/2016/07/19/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-the-south-korean-joint-chiefs-of-staff-and-the-united-stat.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea_
6. [North Korea-South Korea relations. North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. South Korea warns that North Korea could hold another nuclear test at any time. ](/news/2016/07/18/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-warns-that-north-korea-could-hold-another-nucl.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea_
7. [North Korea-South Korea relations. South Korea announces plans to deploy a Terminal High Altitude Area Defense anti-ballistic missile system in Seongju County in the country's south in order to deter against a North Korean attack. ](/news/2016/07/13/north-korea-south-korea-relations-south-korea-announces-plans-to-deploy-a-terminal-high-altitude-area-defense-anti-ballistic-missile-syst.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea_
8. [North Korea-South Korea relations. North Korea and weapons of mass destruction. South Korea reports that North Korea has tested two BM25 Musudan intermediate-range ballistic missiles. ](/news/2016/06/22/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korea-and-weapons-of-mass-destruction-south-korea-reports-that-north-korea-has-tested-two-bm25-m.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea_
9. [North Korea-South Korea relations. South Korea fires warning shots after a North Korean patrol boat and a fishing boat cross the disputed west coast Northern Limit Line. The two vessels retreated. ](/news/2016/05/27/north-korea-south-korea-relations-south-korea-fires-warning-shots-after-a-north-korean-patrol-boat-and-a-fishing-boat-cross-the-disputed.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea_
10. [North Korea-South Korea relations. North Korean defectors. A group of 13 North Koreans working at a restaurant in an unidentified country defect en masse to South Korea, according to Seoul's Ministry of Unification. ](/news/2016/04/8/north-korea-south-korea-relations-north-korean-defectors-a-group-of-13-north-koreans-working-at-a-restaurant-in-an-unidentified-country.md) _Context: North Korea, North Korea-South Korea relations, South Korea_
