### [2006-08-21](/news/2006/08/21/index.md)

#  2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict:: Italy offers to lead the United Nations peacekeeping forces in Lebanon instead of France. Italy has offered to provide 2,000 forces, more than any other nation, and France is only offering to provide 200 civil engineers. 




### Source:

1. [UPI](http://www.washingtontimes.com/upi/20060821-105225-6895r.htm)

### Related:

1. [ France circulates a draft United Nations Security Council resolution extending the mandate of the 13,600 United Nations peacekeeping force in Lebanon. ](/news/2007/08/17/france-circulates-a-draft-united-nations-security-council-resolution-extending-the-mandate-of-the-13-600-united-nations-peacekeeping-force.md) _Context: France, Lebanon, United Nations_
2. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict: The Turkish Parliament votes to authorize the Turkish government to send troops to the United Nations peacekeeping force in Lebanon. Deputy speaker Nevzat Pakdil said 340 of the 533 lawmakers present in the 550-seat house voted for the deployment; 192 voted against and one abstained. ](/news/2006/09/5/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-the-turkish-parliament-votes-to-authorize-the-turkish-government-to-send-troops-to-the-united-nations-peaceke.md) _Context: Lebanon, United Nations, war_
3. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict: The United Nations Human Rights Council has voted to send a team to Lebanon to investigate alleged abuses by Israel. ](/news/2006/08/12/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-the-united-nations-human-rights-council-has-voted-to-send-a-team-to-lebanon-to-investigate-alleged-abuses-by.md) _Context: Lebanon, United Nations, war_
4. [ 2006 Israel-Lebanon conflict:: Four United Nations observers are killed in an Israeli air strike on an observation post in south Lebanon. An initial UN report says they contacted the Israeli troops 10 times before an incoming bomb killed four of them. ](/news/2006/07/26/2006-israel-lebanon-conflict-four-united-nations-observers-are-killed-in-an-israeli-air-strike-on-an-observation-post-in-south-lebanon-a.md) _Context: Lebanon, United Nations, war_
5. [Chantiers de l'Atlantique: France nationalises the STX Europe-owned Chantiers de l'Atlantique shipyard in Saint-Nazaire, Pays de la Loire, to prevent Italian shipbuilding firm Fincantieri taking majority control. Italian Minister of Economy and Finances Pier Carlo Padoan calls the French decision to nationalise the shipyard "grave and incomprehensible". ](/news/2017/07/27/chantiers-de-l-atlantique-france-nationalises-the-stx-europe-owned-chantiers-de-l-atlantique-shipyard-in-saint-nazaire-pays-de-la-loire-t.md) _Context: France, Italian_
6. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: 2017 Temple Mount crisis: Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.: Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and Turkey: Three Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.: 2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.: United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.: Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.: Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.: Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will -freeze contacts- with Israel -on all levels.-: ](/news/2017/07/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2017-temple-mount-crisis-several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and.md) _Context: Lebanon, United Nations_
7. [United Kingdom withdrawal from the European Union: Diplomats from Germany, France, Italy, the Netherlands, Belgium, and Luxembourg meet in Berlin to discuss the consequences of the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union. ](/news/2016/06/25/united-kingdom-withdrawal-from-the-european-union-diplomats-from-germany-france-italy-the-netherlands-belgium-and-luxembourg-meet-in-b.md) _Context: France, Italian_
8. [Twelve Portuguese nationals, who were residents of Fribourg, Switzerland, are killed in a head-on collision between their minibus and a truck, on a highway 300 kilometers (185 miles) south of Paris, France. The only survivor from the bus is the driver; the two Italian occupants of the truck are slightly injured. ](/news/2016/03/25/twelve-portuguese-nationals-who-were-residents-of-fribourg-switzerland-are-killed-in-a-head-on-collision-between-their-minibus-and-a-truc.md) _Context: France, Italian_
9. [Erasmus bus crash: A Catalan official says the 13 exchange students killed in Sunday's accident were 19-to-25-year-old women, seven from Italy, two Germans, an Austrian, a woman from France, a Romanian and an Uzbek. Twenty-four people are being treated in hospital with one student in critical condition, and six people, including the driver, in serious condition. Reports from officials indicate the driver lost control of the coach and crashed to the other side before running into an oncoming car. The bus driver, who passed alcohol and drug tests, is being investigated for possible negligent homicide as police seek to determine the cause of the crash. ](/news/2016/03/21/erasmus-bus-crash-a-catalan-official-says-the-13-exchange-students-killed-in-sunday-s-accident-were-19-to-25-year-old-women-seven-from-ita.md) _Context: France, Italian_
10. [Erasmus bus crash: Thirteen are killed and 34 others injured after a bus carrying Erasmus exchange students returning from the renowned Falles fireworks festival in Valencia, crashes near Freginals, Spain. The regional government of Catalonia said in a statement that, "... according to the latest data, the ill-fated bus had students from Hungary, Germany, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland, Czech Republic, United Kingdom, Italy, Peru, Bulgaria, Poland, Ireland, Japan, Ukraine, Holland, Belgium, France, Palestine, Turkey, (and) Greece." ](/news/2016/03/20/erasmus-bus-crash-thirteen-are-killed-and-34-others-injured-after-a-bus-carrying-erasmus-exchange-students-returning-from-the-renowned-fall.md) _Context: France, Italian_
