### [2006-08-21](/news/2006/08/21/index.md)

#  Carla Del Ponte, the chief Yugoslav war crimes prosecutor, criticises Serbia for its failure to arrest former Bosnian Serb army chief, General Ratko Mladic as the war crime trials of seven Bosnian Serb military and paramilitary commanders continues. 

Get the latest international news and world events from Asia, Europe, the Middle East, and more. See world news photos and videos at ABCNews.com


### Source:

1. [ABC America](http://abcnews.go.com/International/wireStory?id=2336743&CMP=OTC-RSSFeeds0312)

### Related:

1. [A Serbian court rules that former Bosnian Serb military leader Ratko Mladic is fit to stand a genocide trial at The Hague. ](/news/2011/05/27/a-serbian-court-rules-that-former-bosnian-serb-military-leader-ratko-mladia-is-fit-to-stand-a-genocide-trial-at-the-hague.md) _Context: Ratko Mladić, Serb, Serbia_
2. [Serbia's war crimes court rejects an appeal from former Bosnian Serb Colonel General Ratko Mladic against a transfer to a United Nations tribunal in The Hague to face genocide charges. ](/news/2011/05/31/serbia-s-war-crimes-court-rejects-an-appeal-from-former-bosnian-serb-colonel-general-ratko-mladia-against-a-transfer-to-a-united-nations-tr.md) _Context: Ratko Mladić, Serbia_
3. [War crimes fugitive, former Chief of Staff of the Army of the Republika Srpska and former Colonel General Ratko Mladic has been arrested in Serbia. ](/news/2011/05/26/war-crimes-fugitive-former-chief-of-staff-of-the-army-of-the-republika-srpska-and-former-colonel-general-ratko-mladia-has-been-arrested-in.md) _Context: Ratko Mladić, Serbia_
4. [Corpses of more than 50 people are unearthed in Perucac lake on the border between Bosnia and Herzegovina and Serbia by investigators looking for people who were killed during the 1992-95 Bosnian War. ](/news/2010/08/11/corpses-of-more-than-50-people-are-unearthed-in-peruaac-lake-on-the-border-between-bosnia-and-herzegovina-and-serbia-by-investigators-looki.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia_
5. [ Serbia's Minister of Labour, Employment, and Social Affairs Rasim Ljajic resigns a job due to his inability to keep his promise to locate Ratko Mladic by the end of 2009. ](/news/2009/12/29/serbia-s-minister-of-labour-employment-and-social-affairs-rasim-ljajia-resigns-a-job-due-to-his-inability-to-keep-his-promise-to-locate.md) _Context: Ratko Mladić, Serbia_
6. [ The Sarejevo-Belgrade rail link resumes between Bosnia and Herzegovina and Serbia after 18 years. ](/news/2009/12/13/the-sarejevo-belgrade-rail-link-resumes-between-bosnia-and-herzegovina-and-serbia-after-18-years.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia_
7. [ A Bosnian television station shows what it says is recent video footage of genocide suspect and Bosnian war commander General Ratko Mladic in Serbia. ](/news/2009/06/11/a-bosnian-television-station-shows-what-it-says-is-recent-video-footage-of-genocide-suspect-and-bosnian-war-commander-general-ratko-mladia.md) _Context: Ratko Mladić, Serbia_
8. [ The European Union signs the Stabilisation and Association Agreement with Serbia prior to the decisive elections on 11 May 2008, but makes ratification conditional on full cooperation with the ICTY. ](/news/2008/04/29/the-european-union-signs-the-stabilisation-and-association-agreement-with-serbia-prior-to-the-decisive-elections-on-11-may-2008-but-makes.md) _Context: ICTY, Serbia_
9. [ UNESCO designates 22 new World Heritage Sites, including the Sydney Opera House; Canada's Rideau Canal; Japan's Iwami Ginzan Silver Mine; Turkmenistan's Parthian Fortresses of Nisa; India's Red Fort complexes; the Lope-Okanda Landscape of Gabon; the Richtersveld desert of South Africa; the rock carvings of Twyfelfontein in Namibia; the fortified tower houses of Guangdong Province in the People's Republic of China; Teide National Park in the Canary Islands, Spain; the ancient beech forests of Central Europe; Mehmed Pasa Sokolovic Bridge in Bosnia and Herzegovina; Bordeaux and the Port de la Lune in France; the Old Town of Corfu in Greece; and the Palace of Galerius in Gamzigrad-Romuliana in Serbia. ](/news/2007/06/28/unesco-designates-22-new-world-heritage-sites-including-the-sydney-opera-house-canada-s-rideau-canal-japan-s-iwami-ginzan-silver-mine-t.md) _Context: Bosnia and Herzegovina, Serbia_
10. [ Serbia's war crimes court has jailed four Serb paramilitaries who were filmed as they shot dead six captured young Bosnian Muslims.](/news/2007/04/10/serbia-s-war-crimes-court-has-jailed-four-serb-paramilitaries-who-were-filmed-as-they-shot-dead-six-captured-young-bosnian-muslims.md) _Context: Serb, Serbia_
