### [2013-01-10](/news/2013/01/10/index.md)

# April Casburn, a senior detective with the Metropolitan Police is found guilty of trying to sell information on the investigation into phone hacking to the "News of the World", the newspaper at the centre of the scandal. 

A senior Metropolitan Police detective is found guilty of trying to sell information on the phone-hacking probe to the tabloid at the centre of the scandal.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-20976214)
1. [Cover Image](http://ichef.bbci.co.uk/news/1024/media/images/65164000/jpg/_65164233_ggi747b8.jpg)

### Related:

1. [Metropolitan Police detective April Casburn, who tried to sell information to the "News of the World", regarding the investigation into phone hacking scandal, is jailed for 15 months. ](/news/2013/02/1/metropolitan-police-detective-april-casburn-who-tried-to-sell-information-to-the-news-of-the-world-regarding-the-investigation-into-phon.md) _Context: April Casburn, News of the World_
2. [A jury at the High Court, London returns an 8-2 majority verdict of lawful killing at the inquest into the death of Mark Duggan, whose death at the hands of Trident Gang Crime Command Metropolitan Police firearms officers in August 2011 sparked the 2011 England Riots. This verdict was reached despite the fact the jury also found that Mark Duggan was not holding a gun when he was shot by the police, sparking protests outside the court and in Tottenham. ](/news/2014/01/8/a-jury-at-the-high-court-london-returns-an-8-2-majority-verdict-of-lawful-killing-at-the-inquest-into-the-death-of-mark-duggan-whose-death.md) _Context: Metropolitan Police_
3. [A prosecutor alleges in a London court that the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's phones were hacked by the now-defunct "News of the World". ](/news/2013/12/19/a-prosecutor-alleges-in-a-london-court-that-the-duke-and-duchess-of-cambridge-s-phones-were-hacked-by-the-now-defunct-news-of-the-world.md) _Context: News of the World_
4. [The Metropolitan Police and NSPCC have confirmed 214 separate sexual offences committed by Jimmy Savile over a period of fifty years. ](/news/2013/01/11/the-metropolitan-police-and-nspcc-have-confirmed-214-separate-sexual-offences-committed-by-jimmy-savile-over-a-period-of-fifty-years.md) _Context: Metropolitan Police_
5. [At the Leveson Inquiry into British media practices, former News International chief executive Rebekah Brooks discloses an email that appears to show that Britain's Culture Secretary, Jeremy Hunt, sought advice from News International over how Downing Street should respond to the News of the World phone hacking scandal. ](/news/2012/05/11/at-the-leveson-inquiry-into-british-media-practices-former-news-international-chief-executive-rebekah-brooks-discloses-an-email-that-appear.md) _Context: phone hacking_
6. [London's Metropolitan Police launches its 14th investigation into alleged police racism in six weeks. ](/news/2012/05/10/london-s-metropolitan-police-launches-its-14th-investigation-into-alleged-police-racism-in-six-weeks.md) _Context: Metropolitan Police_
7. [British prime minister David Cameron allowed his former spokesman Andy Coulson, the ex-editor of the now-defunct "News of the World" tabloid, access to some of the British government's most sensitive secrets without full security clearance, the Leveson Inquiry is told. ](/news/2012/05/10/british-prime-minister-david-cameron-allowed-his-former-spokesman-andy-coulson-the-ex-editor-of-the-now-defunct-news-of-the-world-tabloid.md) _Context: News of the World_
8. [News International phone hacking scandal: The House of Commons Culture, Media and Sport Committee publishes its report into phone hacking at the "News of the World". The committee concludes that Rupert Murdoch "is not a fit person" to run a major international company and exhibited "wilful blindness" to phone-hacking and other practices going on in his media empire. The report also accuses three News Corporation executives of giving misleading evidence. ](/news/2012/05/1/news-international-phone-hacking-scandal-the-house-of-commons-culture-media-and-sport-committee-publishes-its-report-into-phone-hacking-at.md) _Context: News of the World_
9. [In a second day of evidence, Rupert Murdoch tells the Leveson Inquiry there was a "cover-up" at the "News of the World", but that it was kept hidden from him. ](/news/2012/04/26/in-a-second-day-of-evidence-rupert-murdoch-tells-the-leveson-inquiry-there-was-a-cover-up-at-the-news-of-the-world-but-that-it-was-kep.md) _Context: News of the World_
10. [London's Metropolitan Police is embroiled in a racism scandal after a black man used his mobile phone to record police officers subjecting him to a tirade of abuse in which he was told: "The problem with you is you will always be a nigger". ](/news/2012/03/30/london-s-metropolitan-police-is-embroiled-in-a-racism-scandal-after-a-black-man-used-his-mobile-phone-to-record-police-officers-subjecting-h.md) _Context: Metropolitan Police_
