### [2013-01-10](/news/2013/01/10/index.md)

# Police in France discover the bodies of Sakine Cansiz, one of the co-founders of the Kurdistan Workers' Party, and two other Kurdish activists who were all shot dead in a Kurdish information center in the capital, Paris. 

Three Kurdish activists - among them a co-founder of the militant PKK group - are shot dead in Paris, but no motive has yet been established.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-europe-20968375)
2. [Channel4](http://www.channel4.com/news/kurdish-pkk-co-founder-shot-dead-in-paris)

### Related:

1. [Tens of thousands of Kurds pour into the streets of Diyarbakir, Turkey, for the funeral of Sakine Cansiz, the co-founder of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party, who was killed in Paris, France, on January 9. ](/news/2013/01/17/tens-of-thousands-of-kurds-pour-into-the-streets-of-diyarbakir-turkey-for-the-funeral-of-sakine-cansa-z-the-co-founder-of-the-outlawed-ku.md) _Context: France, Kurdish, Kurdistan Workers' Party, Paris, Sakine Cansiz_
2. [A car carrying firearms and gas bottles deliberately rammed a police vehicle on the Champs-Elysees in Paris, France, subsequently bursting into flames. The driver, who was on a security watchlist, was shot dead. ](/news/2017/06/19/a-car-carrying-firearms-and-gas-bottles-deliberately-rammed-a-police-vehicle-on-the-champs-alysa-c-es-in-paris-france-subsequently-bursting.md) _Context: France, Paris_
3. [A summit begins in Paris, France, to restart peace negotiations between Israel and Palestine in an effort to discuss a possible two-state solution to the conflict. However, neither Israel nor Palestine sent representatives to the summit, casting doubts on a breakthrough. ](/news/2017/01/15/a-summit-begins-in-paris-france-to-restart-peace-negotiations-between-israel-and-palestine-in-an-effort-to-discuss-a-possible-two-state-so.md) _Context: France, Paris_
4. [Paris, France, implements a pollution-reduction program that bans residents from driving cars built before 1997, and motorcycles built before 2000, on weekdays inside the city limits between 8 a.m. and 8 p.m. ](/news/2016/07/1/paris-france-implements-a-pollution-reduction-program-that-bans-residents-from-driving-cars-built-before-1997-and-motorcycles-built-befor.md) _Context: France, Paris_
5. [A senior French police commander is killed by a knife-wielding 25-year-old man outside his home in Magnanville near Paris, France. The attacker, who retreated inside the house, is also killed when elite police commandos storm the residence after negotiations failed. The commander's partner, a female administrative police official, is found dead inside the home, while a young boy is rescued physically unharmed. The Islamic State, via its Amaq News Agency, claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/06/13/a-senior-french-police-commander-is-killed-by-a-knife-wielding-25-year-old-man-outside-his-home-in-magnanville-near-paris-france-the-attac.md) _Context: France, Paris_
6. [Twelve Portuguese nationals, who were residents of Fribourg, Switzerland, are killed in a head-on collision between their minibus and a truck, on a highway 300 kilometers (185 miles) south of Paris, France. The only survivor from the bus is the driver; the two Italian occupants of the truck are slightly injured. ](/news/2016/03/25/twelve-portuguese-nationals-who-were-residents-of-fribourg-switzerland-are-killed-in-a-head-on-collision-between-their-minibus-and-a-truc.md) _Context: France, Paris_
7. [With most of the votes counted, the opposition conservatives of former president Nicolas Sarkozy's party win in six of the country's 13 regions and lead in the Paris region. The ruling Socialists of President Francois Hollande's party capture five regions. The winner in Corsica is not affiliated with a major party. France's far-right National Front (FN) fails to win a single region but did record its best showing in its history. Voter turnout was 58 percent. Definitive results are expected Monday. ](/news/2015/12/13/with-most-of-the-votes-counted-the-opposition-conservatives-of-former-president-nicolas-sarkozy-s-party-win-in-six-of-the-countryas-13-re.md) _Context: France, Paris_
8. [Tahir Elci, a pro-Kurdish lawyer, is shot dead at a press conference in the city of Diyarbakir as clashes break out between Turkish security forces and PKK militants. ](/news/2015/11/28/tahir-elassi-a-pro-kurdish-lawyer-is-shot-dead-at-a-press-conference-in-the-city-of-diyarbakir-as-clashes-break-out-between-turkish-securit.md) _Context: Kurdish, Kurdistan Workers' Party_
9. [France is deploying more than 10,000 personnel to provide security for the two-week UN Climate Change Conference that opens in Le Bourget in Paris on Monday, November 30, 2015. Around 150 heads of state or government are expected to attend COP21's opening day. ](/news/2015/11/26/france-is-deploying-more-than-10-000-personnel-to-provide-security-for-the-two-week-un-climate-change-conference-that-opens-in-le-bourget-in.md) _Context: France, Paris_
10. [At least one person is killed after a group of armed men took people hostage in the northern French town of Roubaix near the Belgian border. The hostages are thought to be a bank director and his family. French police say the incident may be related to a robbery and not to the November 2015 attacks in Paris. ](/news/2015/11/24/at-least-one-person-is-killed-after-a-group-of-armed-men-took-people-hostage-in-the-northern-french-town-of-roubaix-near-the-belgian-border.md) _Context: France, Paris_
