### [2005-10-7](/news/2005/10/7/index.md)

#  The UN International Atomic Energy Agency and its Director General Mohamed ElBaradei share the 2005 Nobel Peace Prize for their efforts to limit the spread of atomic weapons. 




### Source:

1. [Aftenposten](http://www.aftenposten.no/english/local/article1129781.ece)
2. [CNN](http://edition.cnn.com/2005/WORLD/europe/10/07/nobel.citation/)
3. [Nobel Prize](http://nobelprize.org/peace/laureates/2005/index.html)

### Related:

1. [ The International Atomic Energy Agency and its Director General Mohamed ElBaradei receive the Nobel Peace Prize in Oslo. ](/news/2005/12/10/the-international-atomic-energy-agency-and-its-director-general-mohamed-elbaradei-receive-the-nobel-peace-prize-in-oslo.md) _Context: IAEA, Mohamed ElBaradei, Nobel Peace Prize_
2. [ Mohamed ElBaradei, head of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA), states there is no evidence to suggest Iran is developing nuclear weapons. ](/news/2005/02/16/mohamed-elbaradei-head-of-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-iaea-states-there-is-no-evidence-to-suggest-iran-is-developing-nuclear.md) _Context: IAEA, Mohamed ElBaradei, nuclear weapon_
3. [ United Nations' nuclear watchdog group and other U.N. diplomats state that nuclear-related equipment, some contaminated, and a number of missile engines have been smuggled out of Iraq for recycling in Jewometaal Stainless Processing B.V. scrap yards. Satellite photos detect ""the extensive removal of equipment and, in some instances, removal of entire buildings"" from sites that had been subject to U.N. monitoring before the Iraq war. The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) has also reiterated a call for arms inspectors to return to Iraq. ](/news/2004/04/15/united-nations-nuclear-watchdog-group-and-other-u-n-diplomats-state-that-nuclear-related-equipment-some-contaminated-and-a-number-of-mi.md) _Context: IAEA, United Nations, nuclear weapon_
4. [ Nuclear weapons: Iranian official confirm traces of highly enriched uranium found in the country at the Kalaye Electric Company near Tehran (this was the second time such a discovery was made by United Nations inspectors). Iran's ambassador to the International Atomic Energy Agency, Ali Akbar Salehi, attributes the find to the contamination of imported equipment on state television. Iranians have allegedly used Kalaye Electric Company to test centrifuges used to make highly enriched uranium that can be used to make atomic bombs.](/news/2003/09/29/nuclear-weapons-iranian-official-confirm-traces-of-highly-enriched-uranium-found-in-the-country-at-the-kalaye-electric-company-near-tehran.md) _Context: IAEA, United Nations, nuclear weapon_
5. [ The Arab League submits a draft resolution to the annual General Conference of the International Atomic Energy Agency which calls on Israel to sign the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty and to open up its nuclear program to inspections by the United Nations. Israel's nuclear weapons program is believed have developed 100 to 200 nuclear warheads, but officially maintains a policy of "nuclear ambiguity" with support from the United States. The move by Arab nations comes in response to a Friday IAEA resolution submitted by Australia, Canada and Japan and lobbied for by the United States which asked Iran for "accelerated cooperation" and set an October 31 deadline for the country to disclose any attempts to acquire nuclear weapons.](/news/2003/09/17/the-arab-league-submits-a-draft-resolution-to-the-annual-general-conference-of-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-which-calls-on-israel.md) _Context: IAEA, United Nations, nuclear weapon_
6. [ U.N. International Atomic Energy Agency chief Mohamed ElBaradei reiterates a statement he made on March 31, to which the United States has yet to respond, that only the UN IAEA has a mandate to search out and destroy any nuclear weapons or parts of a nuclear weapons program found in Iraq.](/news/2003/04/8/u-n-international-atomic-energy-agency-chief-mohamed-elbaradei-reiterates-a-statement-he-made-on-march-31-to-which-the-united-states-has.md) _Context: IAEA, Mohamed ElBaradei, nuclear weapon_
7. [North Korea agrees with United States troubleshooter Bill Richardson to permit the return of United Nations nuclear inspectors. ](/news/2010/12/20/north-korea-agrees-with-united-states-troubleshooter-bill-richardson-to-permit-the-return-of-united-nations-nuclear-inspectors.md) _Context: IAEA, United Nations_
8. [Iranian Minister for Foreign Affairs Manouchehr Mottaki meets the head of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) in Vienna and says Iran remains interested in a nuclear fuel swap drafted by the United Nations. ](/news/2010/04/25/iranian-minister-for-foreign-affairs-manouchehr-mottaki-meets-the-head-of-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-iaea-in-vienna-and-says-i.md) _Context: IAEA, United Nations_
9. [Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak says he does not mind the nomination of the former Director-General of International Atomic Energy Agency Mohamed ElBaradei in the next presidential election as long as it is under the framework of existing constitution. ](/news/2010/03/4/egyptian-president-hosni-mubarak-says-he-does-not-mind-the-nomination-of-the-former-director-general-of-international-atomic-energy-agency-m.md) _Context: IAEA, Mohamed ElBaradei_
10. [ Former Director General of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) Mohamed ElBaradei says that if he decides to run in the presidential election in Egypt in 2011, he will run as an independent candidate instead of running as a candidate of any of the political parties in Egypt. ](/news/2009/12/11/former-director-general-of-the-international-atomic-energy-agency-iaea-mohamed-elbaradei-says-that-if-he-decides-to-run-in-the-presidenti.md) _Context: IAEA, Mohamed ElBaradei_
