### [2005-10-7](/news/2005/10/7/index.md)

#  Three Hamas members are kidnapped from their homes in the West Bank. A group, supportive of the Palestinian National Authority, calling itself the "Omar Ben al-Khatib Warriors" claims responsibility for the kidnappings of the three, and one is later freed. 

3 Hamas members kidnapped in West Bank following abduction of PA security man on Thursday. One person released early Friday.


### Source:

1. [Ynetnews](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-3152141,00.html)

### Related:

1. [ Six people are killed during battle between Hamas militants and the Palestinian National Authority's Preventive Security Service in the West Bank. ](/news/2009/05/31/six-people-are-killed-during-battle-between-hamas-militants-and-the-palestinian-national-authority-s-preventive-security-service-in-the-wes.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian National Authority, West Bank_
2. [ Israeli soldiers arrest 33 Hamas figures in Nablus, West Bank, including one cabinet member, Palestinian Education Minister Naser al-Shaer. ](/news/2007/05/24/israeli-soldiers-arrest-33-hamas-figures-in-nablus-west-bank-including-one-cabinet-member-palestinian-education-minister-naser-al-shaer.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian National Authority, West Bank_
3. [The Palestinian Ministry of Foreign Affairs says Israel prevented Indonesian Foreign Minister Retno Marsudi from entering the West Bank to meet with Palestinian officials. The Israeli spokesman would not comment. Israel and Indonesia do not have formal diplomatic relations. ](/news/2016/03/13/the-palestinian-ministry-of-foreign-affairs-says-israel-prevented-indonesian-foreign-minister-retno-marsudi-from-entering-the-west-bank-to-m.md) _Context: Palestinian National Authority, West Bank_
4. [Hamas' leader in Gaza, Ismail Haniyeh, declares an "Intifada" against Israel in the West Bank and says, "Gaza will fulfil its role in the Jerusalem intifada and it is more than ready for confrontation" with Israel. Over 20 stabbing attacks have happened in the last 24 hours in Israel. ](/news/2015/10/9/hamas-leader-in-gaza-ismail-haniyeh-declares-an-intifada-against-israel-in-the-west-bank-and-says-gaza-will-fulfil-its-role-in-the-je.md) _Context: Hamas, West Bank_
5. [Four additional Palestinians charged with collaborating with Israel are publicly executed outside of the Jabalia refugee camp by Hamas; the killings are denounced by the secretary-general of the PA, Tayeb Abdel Rahim, who compared them to ISIS. ](/news/2014/08/23/four-additional-palestinians-charged-with-collaborating-with-israel-are-publicly-executed-outside-of-the-jabalia-refugee-camp-by-hamas-the.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian National Authority_
6. [The bodies of three kidnapped Israeli teenagers, including one with dual American citizenship, are found partially buried near Hebron on the West Bank. Shin Bet determined they were murdered shortly after being kidnapped, and is searching for two Hamas kidnappers and accomplices.](/news/2014/06/30/the-bodies-of-three-kidnapped-israeli-teenagers-including-one-with-dual-american-citizenship-are-found-partially-buried-near-hebron-on-the.md) _Context: Hamas, West Bank_
7. [A Palestinian Authority colonel is killed by gunfire from unknown assailants in Jenin, West Bank. ](/news/2012/09/5/a-palestinian-authority-colonel-is-killed-by-gunfire-from-unknown-assailants-in-jenin-west-bank.md) _Context: Palestinian National Authority, West Bank_
8. [Palestinian inmates held in Israeli jails from Hamas, Islamic Jihad, the PFLP and the DFLP go on hunger strike on the Palestinian "Prisoners' Day". Thousands of people rally in towns and cities in both the West Bank and the Gaza Strip in support of their action, waving Palestinian flags and displaying photos of imprisoned relatives. ](/news/2012/04/17/palestinian-inmates-held-in-israeli-jails-from-hamas-islamic-jihad-the-pflp-and-the-dflp-go-on-hunger-strike-on-the-palestinian-prisoners.md) _Context: Hamas, West Bank_
9. [Israel withholds 300 million NIS ($89 million) in tax and customs revenue collected on behalf of the Palestinians to the Palestinian Authority after Fatah and Hamas agree a unity deal intended to lead to a transitional government and fresh elections. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu expresses his disregard for the agreement. ](/news/2011/05/1/israel-withholds-300-million-nis-89-million-in-tax-and-customs-revenue-collected-on-behalf-of-the-palestinians-to-the-palestinian-authori.md) _Context: Hamas, Palestinian National Authority_
10. [Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu mulls withdrawing IDF forces from parts of the West Bank and handing over full security control to the Palestinian Authority to demonstrate an Israeli diplomatic initiative that would block a possible "diplomatic tsunami" that could follow international recognition of a Palestinian state. ](/news/2011/04/12/israeli-prime-minister-benjamin-netanyahu-mulls-withdrawing-idf-forces-from-parts-of-the-west-bank-and-handing-over-full-security-control-to.md) _Context: Palestinian National Authority, West Bank_
