### [2009-02-26](/news/2009/02/26/index.md)

#  Palestinian groups Hamas and Fatah begin peace deliberations in Cairo, Egypt. 

Leaders of the rival Palestinian groups Hamas and Fatah declared Thursday a “historic day” at the conclusion of a meeting aimed at healing a 20-month schism.


### Source:

1. [New York Times](http://www.nytimes.com/2009/02/27/world/middleeast/27mideast.html?partner=rss&emc=rss)
1. [Cover Image](https://static01.nyt.com/images/icons/t_logo_291_black.png)

### Related:

1. [Hamas, through Egyptian-mediated talks, agrees to dissolve its Gaza administration, hold talks with the Fatah West Bank government, and hold elections for a Palestinian unity government. ](/news/2017/09/17/hamas-through-egyptian-mediated-talks-agrees-to-dissolve-its-gaza-administration-hold-talks-with-the-fatah-west-bank-government-and-hold.md) _Context: Egypt, Fatah, Hamas_
2. [Thousands of Palestinians cross the Rafah Border Crossing into the Gaza Strip following its opening by Egypt, but Egypt prevents hundreds of activists from entering and Hamas continues to refuse Red Cross visits for captured Israeli soldier, Gilad Shalit. ](/news/2010/06/12/thousands-of-palestinians-cross-the-rafah-border-crossing-into-the-gaza-strip-following-its-opening-by-egypt-but-egypt-prevents-hundreds-of.md) _Context: Egypt, Hamas, Palestinian_
3. [ Top Palestinian Security Official, Hani Kawasmeh, quits in protest on Monday as Sunday's ceasefire is broken, with fighting across Gaza between Hamas and Fatah killing 8 and wounding 40. Fighting began as both sides set up security checkpoints and kidnapped rivals as bargaining chips. ](/news/2007/05/14/top-palestinian-security-official-hani-kawasmeh-quits-in-protest-on-monday-as-sunday-s-ceasefire-is-broken-with-fighting-across-gaza-bet.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, Palestinian_
4. [ About 1500 of Palestinian people cross the Gaza-Egypt border after Palestinian militants attack Egyptian policemen stationed at Rafah border terminal, blowing a hole in the wall near it. ](/news/2006/07/14/about-1500-of-palestinian-people-cross-the-gaza-egypt-border-after-palestinian-militants-attack-egyptian-policemen-stationed-at-rafah-borde.md) _Context: Egypt, Hamas, Palestinian_
5. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: A truce is declared between Israel and the Palestinian Authority. Mahmoud Abbas, the President of the Palestinian Authority, and Ariel Sharon, the Prime Minister of Israel, shook hands at a four-way summit at Sharm el-Sheikh that was also attended by Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and Jordan's King Abdullah. Palestinian organization Hamas says it is not bound by the ceasefire. ](/news/2005/02/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-truce-is-declared-between-israel-and-the-palestinian-authority-mahmoud-abbas-the-president-of-the-palesti.md) _Context: Egypt, Hamas, Palestinian_
6. [ The leader of Hamas states that the group has no plans to attack U.S. targets, retreating from earlier threats by its armed wing. However, Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon is announced as a new target, instead. [http://www.news.com.au/common/story_page/0,4057,9069472%255E2,00.html (News Limited)] Sharon states that Israel has a "natural right" to pursue those who would destroy it. [http://www.thejewishpress.com/news_article.asp?article=3547 (Jewish Press)] Hussam Abdo, a 14-year-old Palestinian suicide bomber fails to detonate his bomb-vest at an Israeli checkpoint outside Nablus. The child was paid $23 and promised sex in heaven as his reward. An armed wing of Fatah takes responsibility for sending the boy.](/news/2004/03/24/the-leader-of-hamas-states-that-the-group-has-no-plans-to-attack-u-s-targets-retreating-from-earlier-threats-by-its-armed-wing-however.md) _Context: Fatah, Hamas, Palestinian_
7. [An Egyptian excavation team discovers the remains of a pyramid dating back 3,700 years to the thirteenth Dynasty of Egypt at the Dahshur necropolis 40km south of Cairo. ](/news/2017/04/3/an-egyptian-excavation-team-discovers-the-remains-of-a-pyramid-dating-back-3-700-years-to-the-thirteenth-dynasty-of-egypt-at-the-dahshur-nec.md) _Context: Cairo, Egypt_
8. [Former Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak is released from detention in Cairo. ](/news/2017/03/24/former-egyptian-president-hosni-mubarak-is-released-from-detention-in-cairo.md) _Context: Cairo, Egypt_
9. [ Six policemen are killed in a bomb explosion at a checkpoint in Cairo, Egypt. The Hasm Movement claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/12/9/six-policemen-are-killed-in-a-bomb-explosion-at-a-checkpoint-in-cairo-egypt-the-hasm-movement-claims-responsibility-for-the-attack.md) _Context: Cairo, Egypt_
10. [The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the Egyptian Coptic Church bombing in Cairo that claimed 25 lives on 11 December. ](/news/2016/12/13/the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-claims-responsibility-for-the-egyptian-coptic-church-bombing-in-cairo-that-claimed-25-lives-on-11-d.md) _Context: Cairo, Egypt_
