### [2012-09-5](/news/2012/09/5/index.md)

# In a letter ordering terms for the next installment of the second bailout, the European Commission, European Central Bank and International Monetary Fund (''the troika'') want Greece to raise the maximum amount of weekly work days to six. Prime Minister of the Netherlands Mark Rutte rules out a third bailout loan. Diederik Samsom of the Labour Party, excludes Greece from leaving the eurozone; he mentions tutelage. 




### Source:

1. [De Telegraaf](http://translate.google.com/translate?sl=nl&tl=en&js=n&prev=_t&hl=en&ie=UTF-8&layout=2&eotf=1&u=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.telegraaf.nl%2Fbinnenland%2Fverkiezingen2012%2F12899777%2F___Ingrijpen_bij_Grieken_mogelijk___.html)
2. [The Guardian](http://www.guardian.co.uk/business/2012/sep/04/eurozone-six-day-week-greece)
3. [Xinhua](http://news.xinhuanet.com/english/business/2012-09/05/c_131829861.htm)

### Related:

1. [In the general election in the Netherlands, Prime Minister Mark Rutte's People's Party for Freedom and Democracy gains 10 seats to win 41 of the 150 in the House of Representatives and Diederik Samsom's Labour Party, gains 8. ](/news/2012/09/13/in-the-general-election-in-the-netherlands-prime-minister-mark-rutte-s-people-s-party-for-freedom-and-democracy-gains-10-seats-to-win-41-of.md) _Context: Diederik Samsom, Labour Party, Mark Rutte, Prime Minister_
2. [Dutch general election of 2012, voters in the Netherlands elect new representation in the House of Representatives. The  final prognosis shows 41 (+10) seats for incumbent Prime Minister Mark Rutte's People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD)  and 40 seats (+10) for PvdA, Diederik Samsom's Labour Party, out of a total 150 seats. Four other parties get between 12 and 15 seats: SP 15 (0), PVV 13 (-11), CDA 13 (-8), and D66 12 (+2) The remainder, 16 seats, are divided among five more parties. The final televised debate is cancelled. ](/news/2012/09/12/dutch-general-election-of-2012-voters-in-the-netherlands-elect-new-representation-in-the-house-of-representatives-the-final-prognosis-sho.md) _Context: Diederik Samsom, Labour Party, Mark Rutte, Prime Minister_
3. [Greece secures an additional 6.2 billion euros from the European Commission, the European Central Bank and the International Monetary Fund despite warnings that the Greek government is moving too slow to reform the government. ](/news/2013/07/9/greece-secures-an-additional-6-2-billion-euros-from-the-european-commission-the-european-central-bank-and-the-international-monetary-fund-d.md) _Context: European Central Bank, European Commission, International Monetary Fund_
4. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: Cypriot lawmakers overwhelmingly reject the EC-ECB-IMF troika plan to tax all bank deposits. ](/news/2013/03/19/2012a2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-cypriot-lawmakers-overwhelmingly-reject-the-ecaecbaimf-troika-plan-to-tax-all-bank-deposits.md) _Context: European Central Bank, European Commission, International Monetary Fund_
5. [2012-2013 Cypriot financial crisis: A deal is reached between Cyprus and the EC-ECB-IMF troika. The terms of the EUR10 billion "bailout" package cause widespread anger among Cypriots who queue from early morning to withdraw their savings as it emerges that up to 10% of each citizen's deposits are to be wiped out to raise billions. ](/news/2013/03/16/2012a2013-cypriot-financial-crisis-a-deal-is-reached-between-cyprus-and-the-ecaecbaimf-troika-the-terms-of-the-a-10-billion-bailou.md) _Context: European Central Bank, European Commission, International Monetary Fund_
6. [In Vijfhuizen, the Netherlands, exactly three years after the Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 (MH17) disaster, the National Memorial for the victims is opened in the presence of King Willem-Alexander, Queen Maxima and Prime Minister Mark Rutte. ](/news/2017/07/17/in-vijfhuizen-the-netherlands-exactly-three-years-after-the-malaysia-airlines-flight-17-mh17-disaster-the-national-memorial-for-the-vic.md) _Context: Mark Rutte, Prime Minister_
7. [Voters in the Netherlands go to the polls for a general election. Exit polls suggest that incumbent Prime Minister Mark Rutte's People's Party for Freedom and Democracy will win the most seats in the election. ](/news/2017/03/15/voters-in-the-netherlands-go-to-the-polls-for-a-general-election-exit-polls-suggest-that-incumbent-prime-minister-mark-rutte-s-people-s-par.md) _Context: Mark Rutte, Prime Minister_
8. [Greek voters solidly reject (61.3 percent) the latest austerity proposal of the European Union, the International Monetary Fund and the European Central Bank. ](/news/2015/07/5/greek-voters-solidly-reject-61-3-percent-the-latest-austerity-proposal-of-the-european-union-the-international-monetary-fund-and-the-euro.md) _Context: European Central Bank, International Monetary Fund_
9. [The new Greek government, represented by finance minister Yanis Varoufakis, meets with Jeroen Dijsselbloem, the head of the Eurogroup, and declares that Greece now rejects any further cooperation with its main international lenders known as the troika (the Eurogroup, the IMF, and the ECB); instead, it wants to negotiate directly with other European countries. ](/news/2015/01/30/the-new-greek-government-represented-by-finance-minister-yanis-varoufakis-meets-with-jeroen-dijsselbloem-the-head-of-the-eurogroup-and-d.md) _Context: European Central Bank, International Monetary Fund_
10. [The European Central Bank and the European Commission release a joint report on the banking system in Spain, indicating that system is solvent and will not require "further program disbursements." ](/news/2013/07/5/the-european-central-bank-and-the-european-commission-release-a-joint-report-on-the-banking-system-in-spain-indicating-that-system-is-solve.md) _Context: European Central Bank, European Commission_
