### [2002-10-10](/news/2002/10/10/index.md)

#  A suicide bomber killed a 71-year-old woman and injured several other at a bus stop near Tel Aviv, Israel. A large crowd of Palestinian police officers and militiamen marched in a funeral procession for a policeman killed by a Hamas militiaman. Hamas claims that, although they did not authorize the killing, it was justified under Islamic law.




### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian targets continue, with the Israel Defense Forces firing missiles in Gaza, knocking out the power supply to the East of the city, the Khan Yunis refugee camp and Rafah. Hamas had earlier declared an end to rocket attacks following pressure from the Palestinian National Authority and Egypt. ](/news/2005/09/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-targets-continue-with-the-israel-defense-forces-firing-missiles-in-gaza-k.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian National Authority_
2. [Palestinian factions, Hamas and Fatah, sign a unity deal in Cairo, that is also publicly supported by the governments of Egypt and Saudi Arabia. The Fatah-controlled Palestinian National Authority, along with Israel, currently govern the West Bank. According to the signatories of the deal, the PNA will take administrative control of the Gaza Strip, and, along with Hamas, police its borders. The signatories consider the agreement a first step, and, if productive, plan to meet next month to address the remaining issues. The government of Israel opposes any involvement by Hamas in a Palestinian government. ](/news/2017/10/12/palestinian-factions-hamas-and-fatah-sign-a-unity-deal-in-cairo-that-is-also-publicly-supported-by-the-governments-of-egypt-and-saudi-ara.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinian National Authority_
3. [Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
4. [Hours before the expiration of the latest cease-fire Hamas claims responsibility for firing over 29 rockets into Israel reaching Jerusalem and Tel Aviv, Israel responds with airstrikes as the peace talks break down. ](/news/2014/08/19/hours-before-the-expiration-of-the-latest-cease-fire-hamas-claims-responsibility-for-firing-over-29-rockets-into-israel-reaching-jerusalem-a.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Tel Aviv_
5. [Israeli police and Shin Bet arrest several suspects in relation to the bombing of a public bus in Tel Aviv. The suspects claim affiliation with Hamas and Islamic Jihad and reveal they planted the bomb on the bus and detonated it remotely using a cell phone. ](/news/2012/11/22/israeli-police-and-shin-bet-arrest-several-suspects-in-relation-to-the-bombing-of-a-public-bus-in-tel-aviv-the-suspects-claim-affiliation-w.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Tel Aviv_

### Changes:

1. [ A suicide bomber killed a 71-year-old woman and injured several other at a bus stop near Tel Aviv, Israel. A large crowd of Palestinian police officers and militiamen marched in a funeral procession for a policeman killed by a Hamas militiaman. Hamas claims that, although they did not authorize the killing, it was justified under Islamic law.](/news/2002/10/10/a-suicide-bomber-killed-a-71-year-old-woman-and-injured-several-other-at-a-bus-stop-near-tel-aviv-israel-p-a-large-crowd-of-palestinian-p.md) _2017-08-25 03:15:15 (First version)_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A suicide bomber killed a 71-year-old woman and injured several other at a bus stop near Tel Aviv, Israel.: A large crowd of Palestinian police officers and militiamen marched in a funeral procession for a policeman killed by a Hamas militiaman. Hamas claims that, although they did not authorize the killing, it was justified under Islamic law.](/news/2002/10/10/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-suicide-bomber-killed-a-71-year-old-woman-and-injured-several-other-at-a-bus-stop-near-tel-aviv-israel-a.md) _2017-08-27 03:15:16 (Update)_
2. [ A suicide bomber killed a 71-year-old woman and injured several other at a bus stop near Tel Aviv, Israel. A large crowd of Palestinian police officers and militiamen marched in a funeral procession for a policeman killed by a Hamas militiaman. Hamas claims that, although they did not authorize the killing, it was justified under Islamic law.](/news/2002/10/10/a-suicide-bomber-killed-a-71-year-old-woman-and-injured-several-other-at-a-bus-stop-near-tel-aviv-israel-a-large-crowd-of-palestinian-pol.md) _(Current version)_
