### [2002-10-10](/news/2002/10/10/index.md)

#  France confirms that an explosion aboard French oil tanker ''Limburg'' off the coast of Yemen was, indeed, a terrorist act.




### Related:

1. [Yemen stops issuing visas at international airports to "halt terrorist infiltration" following the Christmas Day bomb plot. ](/news/2010/01/21/yemen-stops-issuing-visas-at-international-airports-to-halt-terrorist-infiltration-following-the-christmas-day-bomb-plot.md) _Context: Yemen, terrorism_
2. [ Yemen's military rescues four oil tankers from Somali pirates. ](/news/2009/04/27/yemen-s-military-rescues-four-oil-tankers-from-somali-pirates.md) _Context: Yemen, oil tanker_
3. [According to the International Committee of the Red Cross, a cholera outbreak has since April 27 killed at least 115 people and left another 8,500 ill across Yemen. ](/news/2017/05/14/according-to-the-international-committee-of-the-red-cross-a-cholera-outbreak-has-since-april-27-killed-at-least-115-people-and-left-another.md) _Context: Yemen_
4. [Pope Francis, while honoring Christians killed under Nazism, communism, dictatorships, and terrorism at Rome's Basilica of St. Bartholomew, adds to those named the wife of a Muslim he met in Lesbos, Greece, who was killed by terrorists because she wouldn't throw down her crucifix. Francis referred to the Lesbos camp as a 'concentration camp' noting, despite the good will of local communities, many refugee camps are overcrowded and little more than prisons. ](/news/2017/04/22/pope-francis-while-honoring-christians-killed-under-nazism-communism-dictatorships-and-terrorism-at-rome-s-basilica-of-st-bartholomew.md) _Context: terrorism_
5. [  A British student is stabbed and killed during an attack on a light-rail train in Jerusalem, Israel. Two other passengers are injured. A Palestinian man with a history of mental problems and other issues is taken into custody by Israeli authorities. Israeli Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon linked the attack to terrorism. ](/news/2017/04/14/a-british-student-is-stabbed-and-killed-during-an-attack-on-a-light-rail-train-in-jerusalem-israel-two-other-passengers-are-injured-a-p.md) _Context: terrorism_
6. [Stephen O'Brien, head of the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, reports that the world is experiencing its most severe humanitarian crisis since World War II, with over 20 million people suffering from severe lack of food security in Yemen, South Sudan, Somalia, and Northeast Nigeria. ](/news/2017/03/10/stephen-o-brien-head-of-the-united-nations-office-for-the-coordination-of-humanitarian-affairs-reports-that-the-world-is-experiencing-its.md) _Context: Yemen_
7. [A Saudi-led coalition airstrike on a market in Al Hudaydah Governorate, Yemen, kills at least 20 civilians and six Houthi militants. ](/news/2017/03/10/a-saudi-led-coalition-airstrike-on-a-market-in-al-hudaydah-governorate-yemen-kills-at-least-20-civilians-and-six-houthi-militants.md) _Context: Yemen_
8. [Yemen reassesses its permission to the United States to run special operations ground missions against suspected terrorist groups because of the civilian deaths in the January 29 raid. Earlier reports indicated permission had been suspended. ](/news/2017/02/8/yemen-reassesses-its-permission-to-the-united-states-to-run-special-operations-ground-missions-against-suspected-terrorist-groups-because-of.md) _Context: Yemen_
9. [Coalition troops take control of the strategic Yemeni port city of Mocha after driving out Houthi forces. ](/news/2017/02/7/coalition-troops-take-control-of-the-strategic-yemeni-port-city-of-mocha-after-driving-out-houthi-forces.md) _Context: Yemen_
10. [German police shoot a man, who was trying to escape after apparently driving into a group of pedestrians in a central square in Heidelberg. A 73-year-old man was killed and two other people injured. Police  do not believe  terrorism is involved. ](/news/2017/02/25/german-police-shoot-a-man-who-was-trying-to-escape-after-apparently-driving-into-a-group-of-pedestrians-in-a-central-square-in-heidelberg.md) _Context: terrorism_
