### [2002-10-10](/news/2002/10/10/index.md)

#  Hungarian Holocaust survivor Imre Kertsz wins the Nobel Prize for Literature.  The Nobel Committee singled out his 1975 novel ''Fateless'', a semiautobiographical account of a boy sent to Auschwitz who survives by detaching himself from the everyday gritty reality.




### Related:

1. [Poles march against a bill that critics say might decrease judicial independence in Poland. Hungary has supported the bill while the European Union has opposed it. The protesters hope that the President Andrzej Duda would intervene against the proposed law. ](/news/2017/07/22/poles-march-against-a-bill-that-critics-say-might-decrease-judicial-independence-in-poland-hungary-has-supported-the-bill-while-the-europea.md) _Context: Hungary_
2. [The Momentum Movement holds a pro-EU, anti-Russia march attended by approximately 10,000 in Budapest, Hungary, chanting "Europe, not Moscow" in support of the EU and against Prime Minister Viktor Orban. ](/news/2017/05/1/the-momentum-movement-holds-a-pro-eu-anti-russia-march-attended-by-approximately-10-000-in-budapest-hungary-chanting-aeurope-not-mosco.md) _Context: Hungary_
3. [The National Assembly of Hungary passes a bill that undermines the functioning of the Central European University (CEU). Academics and academic institutions worldwide have expressed support for CEU. ](/news/2017/04/4/the-national-assembly-of-hungary-passes-a-bill-that-undermines-the-functioning-of-the-central-european-university-ceu-academics-and-acade.md) _Context: Hungary_
4. [Jean-Francois Jalkh, who replaced current presidential finalist Marine Le Pen as leader of the National Front, steps down from this role after three days following the reemergence of his comments questioning the logistics of Holocaust extermination camps, and is replaced by Steeve Briois. ](/news/2017/04/28/jean-franassois-jalkh-who-replaced-current-presidential-finalist-marine-le-pen-as-leader-of-the-national-front-steps-down-from-this-role-af.md) _Context: Holocaust_
5. [The National Assembly of Hungary approves the automatic detention of all asylum seekers who enter the country. ](/news/2017/03/7/the-national-assembly-of-hungary-approves-the-automatic-detention-of-all-asylum-seekers-who-enter-the-country.md) _Context: Hungary_
6. [Amnesty International releases a report criticizing the rise of populist leaders such as Donald Trump of the United States, Viktor Orban of Hungary, Rodrigo Duterte of the Philippines and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey. ](/news/2017/02/22/amnesty-international-releases-a-report-criticizing-the-rise-of-populist-leaders-such-as-donald-trump-of-the-united-states-viktor-orba-n-of.md) _Context: Hungary_
7. [Patti Smith performs in place of  Bob Dylan in the Nobel Prize for Literature ceremony. ](/news/2016/12/11/patti-smith-performs-in-place-of-bob-dylan-in-the-nobel-prize-for-literature-ceremony.md) _Context: Nobel Prize for Literature_
8. [The National Assembly rejects Hungarian Prime Minister Viktor Orban's bill to block the settlement of refugees in Hungary. The far-right Jobbik party abstained from the vote, arguing the immigration ban should apply to all foreigners, and not just refugees. ](/news/2016/11/8/the-national-assembly-rejects-hungarian-prime-minister-viktor-orba-n-s-bill-to-block-the-settlement-of-refugees-in-hungary-the-far-right-jo.md) _Context: Hungary_
9. [The far-right mayor of the Hungarian border village of Asotthalom, Laszlo Toroczkai, bans the open expression of Islam, including the construction of mosques and wearing of veils and headscarves, and the promotion of same-sex marriages. ](/news/2016/11/25/the-far-right-mayor-of-the-hungarian-border-village-of-asotthalom-la-szla3-toroczkai-bans-the-open-expression-of-islam-including-the-con.md) _Context: Hungary_
10. [The Hungarian newspaper ''Nepszabadsag'' shuts down after 60 years amid significant financial losses. ](/news/2016/10/8/the-hungarian-newspaper-na-c-pszabadsa-g-shuts-down-after-60-years-amid-significant-financial-losses.md) _Context: Hungary_
