### [2002-10-10](/news/2002/10/10/index.md)

#  In the journal ''Nature'', anthropologist Milford Wolpoff and colleagues at the University of Michigan argued that the fossil skull discovered in Chad in July is not that of an early human, but of an ape. 




### Related:

1. [ Michel Brunet, a paleontologist at the University of Poitiers, France, announced in the journal ''Nature'' that a 7-million-year-old skull found in the desert of Chad is the earliest hominid fossil ever found. But he was immediately met by a firestorm of criticism from other scientists who claim that it is merely the skull of an ape, possibly a proto-gorilla.](/news/2002/07/10/michel-brunet-a-paleontologist-at-the-university-of-poitiers-france-announced-in-the-journal-nature-that-a-7-million-year-old-skull.md) _Context: Chad, Nature_
2. [The Extraordinary African Chambers tribunal in Dakar, Senegal, upholds its conviction of former Chadian president Hissene Habre for crimes against humanity, but acquits him of rape. ](/news/2017/04/27/the-extraordinary-african-chambers-tribunal-in-dakar-senegal-upholds-its-conviction-of-former-chadian-president-hissa-ne-habra-c-for-crimes.md) _Context: Chad_
3. [Arms trader Jacques Monsieur is to defend himself again at a Brussels court against accusations of arms trafficking to Libya, Chad, Guinea-Bissau, Pakistan and Iran between 2006 and 2009. ](/news/2017/04/21/arms-trader-jacques-monsieur-is-to-defend-himself-again-at-a-brussels-court-against-accusations-of-arms-trafficking-to-libya-chad-guinea-b.md) _Context: Chad_
4. [ A research team led by an evolutionary biologist at the University of Arizona publishes a paper in ''Nature'' on the genetic history of HIV proving that Gaetan Dugas, the Canadian flight attendant who had been identified for years as "Patient Zero" of the AIDS epidemic in the U.S., did not spread the virus to the country. The study indicates that HIV first spread to the U.S. from the Caribbean around 1970. ](/news/2016/10/26/a-research-team-led-by-an-evolutionary-biologist-at-the-university-of-arizona-publishes-a-paper-in-nature-on-the-genetic-history-of-hiv.md) _Context: Nature_
5. [A study published in Nature finds the Earth's surface is warmer than it has been in about 120,000 years, and is locked into eventually hitting its hottest mark in more than 2 million years. ](/news/2016/09/26/a-study-published-in-nature-finds-the-earth-s-surface-is-warmer-than-it-has-been-in-about-120-000-years-and-is-locked-into-eventually-hitti.md) _Context: Nature_
6. [  Hissene Habre, ex president of Chad, is sentenced to life in prison for ordering rape, sexual slavery and killings during his rule from 1982 to 1990. ](/news/2016/05/30/hissene-habre-ex-president-of-chad-is-sentenced-to-life-in-prison-for-ordering-rape-sexual-slavery-and-killings-during-his-rule-from-19.md) _Context: Chad_
7. [Researchers report in the journal Nature the discovery of three potentially habitable, Earth-like exoplanets  orbiting TRAPPIST-1, an ultracool dwarf star 40 light-years away in the constellation Aquarius. ](/news/2016/05/2/researchers-report-in-the-journal-nature-the-discovery-of-three-potentially-habitable-earth-like-exoplanets-orbiting-trappist-1-an-ultrac.md) _Context: Nature_
8. [Voters in Chad go to the polls for the first round of voting in a presidential election with incumbent President Idriss Deby favoured to win a fifth term. ](/news/2016/04/10/voters-in-chad-go-to-the-polls-for-the-first-round-of-voting-in-a-presidential-election-with-incumbent-president-idriss-da-c-by-favoured-to-wi.md) _Context: Chad_
9. [Three suicide bombers at Lake Chad kill at least 30 people and injure at least 80 others. Three women carried out the attack at a weekly market on an island on the Chadian side of the lake. No group claims responsibility; officials suspect the attacks were carried out by members of the Boko Haram militant group from neighboring Nigeria. ](/news/2015/12/5/three-suicide-bombers-at-lake-chad-kill-at-least-30-people-and-injure-at-least-80-others-three-women-carried-out-the-attack-at-a-weekly-mar.md) _Context: Chad_
10. [The government of Chad declares a state of emergency in the Lake Chad area a day after a double suicide bombing that has killed two people. ](/news/2015/11/9/the-government-of-chad-declares-a-state-of-emergency-in-the-lake-chad-area-a-day-after-a-double-suicide-bombing-that-has-killed-two-people.md) _Context: Chad_
