### [2002-10-10](/news/2002/10/10/index.md)

#  Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A suicide bomber killed a 71-year-old woman and injured several other at a bus stop near Tel Aviv, Israel.: A large crowd of Palestinian police officers and militiamen marched in a funeral procession for a policeman killed by a Hamas militiaman. Hamas claims that, although they did not authorize the killing, it was justified under Islamic law.




### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict (Operation Summer Rains):: Israel rejects Hamas terms for a ceasefire - Palestinian PM Ismail Haniya calls for a ceasefire to end several days of fierce fighting in the Gaza Strip. Israel reiterates its demand to release the abducted soldier Gilad Shalit, and end Qassam rocket attacks on Israeli towns, for an immediate cease fire to take place. ](/news/2006/07/8/israeli-palestinian-conflict-operation-summer-rains-israel-rejects-hamas-terms-for-a-ceasefire-palestinian-pm-ismail-haniya-calls-for.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian National Authority_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian targets continue, with the Israel Defense Forces firing missiles in Gaza, knocking out the power supply to the East of the city, the Khan Yunis refugee camp and Rafah. Hamas had earlier declared an end to rocket attacks following pressure from the Palestinian National Authority and Egypt. ](/news/2005/09/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-targets-continue-with-the-israel-defense-forces-firing-missiles-in-gaza-k.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict, Palestinian National Authority_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israel charges a UN administrative manager of being a Hamas-linked operative from Gaza. ](/news/2016/08/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israel-charges-a-un-administrative-manager-of-being-a-hamas-linked-operative-from-gaza.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
4. [2014 Israel-Gaza conflict: Hours before the expiration of the latest cease-fire Hamas claims responsibility for firing over 29 rockets into Israel reaching Jerusalem and Tel Aviv, Israel responds with airstrikes as the peace talks break down. ](/news/2014/08/19/2014-israel-gaza-conflict-hours-before-the-expiration-of-the-latest-cease-fire-hamas-claims-responsibility-for-firing-over-29-rockets-into.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Tel Aviv_
5. [Israeli police and Shin Bet arrest several suspects in relation to the bombing of a public bus in Tel Aviv. The suspects claim affiliation with Hamas and Islamic Jihad and reveal they planted the bomb on the bus and detonated it remotely using a cell phone. ](/news/2012/11/22/israeli-police-and-shin-bet-arrest-several-suspects-in-relation-to-the-bombing-of-a-public-bus-in-tel-aviv-the-suspects-claim-affiliation-w.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Tel Aviv_
6. [Israel withholds 300 million NIS ($89 million) in tax and customs revenue collected on behalf of the Palestinians to the Palestinian Authority after Fatah and Hamas agree a unity deal intended to lead to a transitional government and fresh elections. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu expresses his disregard for the agreement. ](/news/2011/05/1/israel-withholds-300-million-nis-89-million-in-tax-and-customs-revenue-collected-on-behalf-of-the-palestinians-to-the-palestinian-authori.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinian National Authority_
7. [A 2009 Wikileaks document from the US embassy in Tel Aviv says that Israel is preparing for large scale war against Hamas or Hezbollah, and quotes the Israeli chief of staff as saying that the Israel Defense Forces must be prepared to stop the firing of rockets on Tel Aviv. ](/news/2011/01/2/a-2009-wikileaks-document-from-the-us-embassy-in-tel-aviv-says-that-israel-is-preparing-for-large-scale-war-against-hamas-or-hezbollah-and.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Tel Aviv_
8. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: An Israeli airstrike on the Gaza Strip city of Jabalia kills senior Hamas military commander Nizar Rayan and six members of his family. ](/news/2009/01/1/israeli-palestinian-conflict-an-israeli-airstrike-on-the-gaza-strip-city-of-jabalia-kills-senior-hamas-military-commander-nizar-rayan-and.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
9. [ 2007 Israel-Gaza conflict:: Israeli soldiers arrest 33 Hamas figures in Nablus, West Bank, including one cabinet member, Palestinian Education Minister Naser al-Shaer. ](/news/2007/05/24/2007-israel-gaza-conflict-israeli-soldiers-arrest-33-hamas-figures-in-nablus-west-bank-including-one-cabinet-member-palestinian-educat.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Palestinian National Authority_
10. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli troops have detained another Hamas member of Palestinian Parliament during an overnight raid in the West Bank. ](/news/2006/08/7/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-troops-have-detained-another-hamas-member-of-palestinian-parliament-during-an-overnight-raid-in-the-w.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israeli-Palestinian conflict_
