
Formats: [HTML](/news/2018/01/14/the-israel-defense-forces-destroyed-an-underground-terror-tunnel-dug-by-hamas-under-kerem-shalom-crossing-in-order-to-blow-it-up-the-tunne.html)  [JSON](/news/2018/01/14/the-israel-defense-forces-destroyed-an-underground-terror-tunnel-dug-by-hamas-under-kerem-shalom-crossing-in-order-to-blow-it-up-the-tunne.json)  [XML](/news/2018/01/14/the-israel-defense-forces-destroyed-an-underground-terror-tunnel-dug-by-hamas-under-kerem-shalom-crossing-in-order-to-blow-it-up-the-tunne.xml)  

### [2018-01-14](/news/2018/01/14/index.md)

#  The Israel Defense Forces destroyed an underground terror tunnel dug by Hamas under Kerem Shalom crossing in order to blow it up. The tunnel, which penetrated to Israeli and Egyptian territories, was detected by advance sensing technology and was destroyed by combat engineering forces. ([https:--www.ynetnews.com-articles-0,7340,L-5070606,00.html ynet News], [http:--edition.cnn.com-2018-01-14-middleeast-israel-hamas-tunnel-index.html CNN])




### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Israeli Airstrikes on Palestinian targets continue, with the Israel Defense Forces firing missiles in Gaza, knocking out the power supply to the East of the city, the Khan Yunis refugee camp and Rafah. Hamas had earlier declared an end to rocket attacks following pressure from the Palestinian National Authority and Egypt. ](/news/2005/09/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-israeli-airstrikes-on-palestinian-targets-continue-with-the-israel-defense-forces-firing-missiles-in-gaza-k.md) _Context: Egypt, Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
2. [ Israeli-Palestinian Conflict: Islamic Jihad have announced that they are to "re-evaluate" their cease-fire after Israeli soldiers kill 3 Palestinians, all aged 14. Palestinian witnesses allege they were killed trying to retrieve a football in a no-go area near the Egypt border at the Rafah Refugee camp. According to Israel Radio, Palestinian security services notified Israel they had detained two boys who were not hit by IDF fire, and that the group of five youths were smugglers. At least 10 mortar shells are then fired at the Gush Katif settlements. A Hamas leader, Saeed Siyam, is quoted by the AP as saying the boys deaths would be "avenged". ](/news/2005/04/9/israeli-palestinian-conflict-islamic-jihad-have-announced-that-they-are-to-re-evaluate-their-cease-fire-after-israeli-soldiers-kill-3-pa.md) _Context: Egypt, Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
3. [Palestinian factions, Hamas and Fatah, sign a unity deal in Cairo, that is also publicly supported by the governments of Egypt and Saudi Arabia. The Fatah-controlled Palestinian National Authority (PNA), along with Israel, currently govern the West Bank. According to the signatories of the deal, the PNA will take administrative control of the Gaza Strip, and, along with Hamas, police its borders. The signatories consider the agreement a first step, and, if productive, plan to meet next month to address the remaining issues. The government of Israel opposes any involvement by Hamas in a Palestinian government. ](/news/2017/10/12/palestinian-factions-hamas-and-fatah-sign-a-unity-deal-in-cairo-that-is-also-publicly-supported-by-the-governments-of-egypt-and-saudi-ara.md) _Context: Egypt, Hamas, Israel_
4. [Hamas says it has reached a truce with the Israeli military following hostilities today along the Gaza-Israel border. There were no casualties. ](/news/2016/05/4/hamas-says-it-has-reached-a-truce-with-the-israeli-military-following-hostilities-today-along-the-gaza-israel-border-there-were-no-casualti.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
5. [Israeli airstrikes targeting Hamas weapons facilities in the Gaza Strip result in an explosion that collapsed a nearby house, killing a 30-year old pregnant Palestinian woman and her two-year old daughter. Four others were wounded, including the woman's husband and son, the Gaza Health Ministry said. The Israeli military said the airstrike was in response to Saturday's pair of rocket launches from Gaza at Israel, as well as two large riots that succeeded in breaching the border fence. ](/news/2015/10/11/israeli-airstrikes-targeting-hamas-weapons-facilities-in-the-gaza-strip-result-in-an-explosion-that-collapsed-a-nearby-house-killing-a-30-y.md) _Context: Hamas, Israel, Israel Defense Forces_
