### [2015-03-15](/news/2015/03/15/index.md)

# The National Assembly of Venezuela grants President Nicolas Maduro the power to legislate by decree for nine months. 




### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/b41feb68660c4917a2f10b9e4eee786a/venezuelan-parliament-oks-decree-powers-president)

### Related:

1. [The Venezuelan National Assembly votes to hand President Nicolas Maduro decree powers over the economy with the opposition concerned about a potential crackdown on political opponents. ](/news/2013/11/19/the-venezuelan-national-assembly-votes-to-hand-president-nicola-s-maduro-decree-powers-over-the-economy-with-the-opposition-concerned-about.md) _Context: National Assembly, Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela, Venezuelan President, royal decrees_
2. [Protests erupt in various cities of Venezuela as the country faces increased food and power shortages, forcing the government to ration them, leading to widespread looting and violence. According to the opposition, who control the National Assembly, over a million people support its bid to start a referendum on ousting President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/04/29/protests-erupt-in-various-cities-of-venezuela-as-the-country-faces-increased-food-and-power-shortages-forcing-the-government-to-ration-them.md) _Context: National Assembly, Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
3. [Marking the 50th consecutive day of protests, hundreds of thousands demonstrate throughout Venezuela against President Nicolas Maduro, with civil unrest growing despite the increasing number of casualties. ](/news/2017/05/20/marking-the-50th-consecutive-day-of-protests-hundreds-of-thousands-demonstrate-throughout-venezuela-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-with.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
4. [Venezuelans continue their march against President Nicolas Maduro with thousands flocking into the streets of Caracas for a second day. ](/news/2017/04/20/venezuelans-continue-their-march-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-with-thousands-flocking-into-the-streets-of-caracas-for-a-second-day.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
5. [Venezuelan security forces clash with opposition demonstrators in the so-called "Mother of All Marches" against President Nicolas Maduro in Caracas. Two students and a National Guard sergeant are shot dead. ](/news/2017/04/19/venezuelan-security-forces-clash-with-opposition-demonstrators-in-the-so-called-mother-of-all-marches-against-president-nicola-s-maduro-in.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
6. [In a ruling, Venezuela's Supreme Court says it "guarantees congressional functions will be exercised by" itself, authorizing president Nicolas Maduro to create oil joint ventures without the previously mandated congressional approval. Opposition leaders call it a "coup", while Peru recalls its ambassador. ](/news/2017/03/30/in-a-ruling-venezuela-s-supreme-court-says-it-guarantees-congressional-functions-will-be-exercised-by-itself-authorizing-president-nicol.md) _Context: National Assembly, Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela_
7. [Venezuelan officials arrest several opposition activists, including Popular Will Party leaders,  just  days before  Thursday's scheduled national protest against the rule of President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/08/30/venezuelan-officials-arrest-several-opposition-activists-including-popular-will-party-leaders-just-days-before-thursday-s-scheduled-nat.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
8. [Venezuelan protests,  Venezuela's National Electoral Council says the opposition successfully met the one percent of voter signatures in every state requirement for a referendum to recall  President Nicolas Maduro. Council head Tibisay Lucena  did not name a date for the next phase of the referendum process: collect 20 percent of voters' signatures. ](/news/2016/08/1/venezuelan-protests-venezuela-s-national-electoral-council-says-the-opposition-successfully-met-the-one-percent-of-voter-signatures-in-eve.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
9. [Venezuelan opposition lawmaker, Julio Borges, is left bloodied after being hit in the face with a pipe in downtown Caracas. He spoke at a press conference after the attack with blood streaming down from his nose and mouth, and bloody stains on his button-down shirt, accusing the attackers of being supporters of President Nicolas Maduro. ](/news/2016/06/9/venezuelan-opposition-lawmaker-julio-borges-is-left-bloodied-after-being-hit-in-the-face-with-a-pipe-in-downtown-caracas-he-spoke-at-a-pr.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
10. [Venezuelan opposition leaders say they have now secured enough signatures on a petition to move to the next stage in a recall referendum of President Nicolas Maduro. The process must now be validated by electoral officials. ](/news/2016/06/25/venezuelan-opposition-leaders-say-they-have-now-secured-enough-signatures-on-a-petition-to-move-to-the-next-stage-in-a-recall-referendum-of.md) _Context: Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela, Venezuelan President_
