### [2015-03-15](/news/2015/03/15/index.md)

# Two suicide bombers belonging to the Tehreek-i-Taliban Pakistan splinter group Jamaat-ul-Ahrar blow themselves up in twin bomb attacks on two churches in the Pakistani city of Lahore, killing at least fourteen people with 70 more injured. 

At least 14 people dead and dozens wounded in twin bombing targeting two churches in Lahore, police say.


### Source:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/03/lahore-churches-hit-deadly-bomb-attacks-150315074103093.html)
2. [The News Pakistan](http://www.thenews.com.pk/article-178233-Four-killed,-20-injured-as-blasts-target-Lahore-Church-)

### Related:

1. [2016 Lahore suicide bombing: A suicide bomber from a Pakistani Taliban faction kills at least 60 people and injures 300 others at a park in Lahore, Pakistan, and the group claimed responsibility for the attack, saying it intentionally targeted Christians celebrating on Easter Sunday. An official says the explosion took place close to Gulshan-e-Iqbal Park's children's rides. ](/news/2016/03/27/2016-lahore-suicide-bombing-a-suicide-bomber-from-a-pakistani-taliban-faction-kills-at-least-60-people-and-injures-300-others-at-a-park-in.md) _Context: Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, Lahore, Pakistan_
2. [War in North-West Pakistan: Gunmen raid a Pakistani military post near the border with Afghanistan, killing at least eight people. Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, a faction of Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan, claim responsibility. ](/news/2017/03/17/war-in-north-west-pakistan-gunmen-raid-a-pakistani-military-post-near-the-border-with-afghanistan-killing-at-least-eight-people-jamaat-ul.md) _Context: Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, Pakistan_
3. [War in North-West Pakistan: At least six people are killed in a bomb blast in the Pakistani city of Lahore. ](/news/2017/02/23/war-in-north-west-pakistan-at-least-six-people-are-killed-in-a-bomb-blast-in-the-pakistani-city-of-lahore.md) _Context: Lahore, Pakistan_
4. [War in North-West Pakistan: Two separate bombings take place in Pakistan, killing at least seven people. A suicide bomber kills five people at the administrative headquarters in the Mohmand Agency tribal district while the other kills two people at a hospital in Peshawar. Jamaat-ul-Ahrar claims responsibility for the first attack. ](/news/2017/02/15/war-in-north-west-pakistan-two-separate-bombings-take-place-in-pakistan-killing-at-least-seven-people-a-suicide-bomber-kills-five-people.md) _Context: Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, Pakistan_
5. [2017 Lahore suicide bombing: At least 13 people, including six police officers, are killed and 85 are injured after a bomb explodes at a protest rally in Lahore, Punjab. The Pakistani Taliban splinter group Jamaat-ul-Ahrar claims responsibility. ](/news/2017/02/13/2017-lahore-suicide-bombing-at-least-13-people-including-six-police-officers-are-killed-and-85-are-injured-after-a-bomb-explodes-at-a-pro.md) _Context: Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, Lahore_
6. [2008 Mumbai attacks: Pakistan detains Hafiz Muhammad Saeed, the suspected mastermind of the 2008 attacks in the Indian city. Saeed, co-founder of the active terrorist organization Lashkar-e-Taiba, is being held under house arrest in Lahore in Pakistan's Punjab Province. Four other men are also under house arrest in the area. ](/news/2017/01/31/2008-mumbai-attacks-pakistan-detains-hafiz-muhammad-saeed-the-suspected-mastermind-of-the-2008-attacks-in-the-indian-city-saeed-co-found.md) _Context: Lahore, Pakistan_
7. [2016 Lahore suicide bombing: Pakistan officials tell Reuters its forces will launch a paramilitary crackdown on Islamist militants in Punjab. Sunday's attack was Taliban-affiliated Jamaat-ul-Ahrar's fifth bombing since December. ](/news/2016/03/28/2016-lahore-suicide-bombing-pakistan-officials-tell-reuters-its-forces-will-launch-a-paramilitary-crackdown-on-islamist-militants-in-punjab.md) _Context: Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, Pakistan_
8. [War in North-West Pakistan: A suicide-bomb attack outside the regional office of the National Database and Registration Authority (NADRA) in the northwestern Pakistani city of Mardan, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, leaves at least 26 people dead and 45 wounded. The militant Islamist group Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, a Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan splinter group, claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2015/12/29/war-in-north-west-pakistan-a-suicide-bomb-attack-outside-the-regional-office-of-the-national-database-and-registration-authority-nadra-in.md) _Context: Jamaat-ul-Ahrar, Pakistan_
9. [India-Pakistan relations: Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi is met by Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif at Allama Iqbal International Airport in Lahore for a two-hour meeting. Modi's surprise stopover is the first since Indian Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee visited Pakistan in 2004. ](/news/2015/12/25/india-pakistan-relations-indian-prime-minister-narendra-modi-is-met-by-pakistani-prime-minister-nawaz-sharif-at-allama-iqbal-internationa.md) _Context: Lahore, Pakistan_
10. [2015 Lahore factory disaster: A building collapses in the Pakistani city of Lahore resulting in at least 18 deaths, at least 75 injured and around 150 people still trapped. ](/news/2015/11/4/2015-lahore-factory-disaster-a-building-collapses-in-the-pakistani-city-of-lahore-resulting-in-at-least-18-deaths-at-least-75-injured-and.md) _Context: Lahore, Pakistan_
