### [2015-10-19](/news/2015/10/19/index.md)

# Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): 19-year-old soldier Omri Levy was killed and nearly a dozen injured in a shooting and stabbing attack in the central bus station in the southern city of Beersheba carried out by an Israeli Bedouin Arab, 21-year old Mohind al-Okbi, who was killed after a gun battle. 

A gunman killed an Israeli soldier and wounded at least 11 other people at a bus station in southern Israel on Sunday.


### Source:

1. [AP](http://bigstory.ap.org/article/8a5c6c91660643d68dc42590fd70f148/eritrean-dies-after-israeli-guard-shoots-him-mob-attacks)
2. [NBC News](http://www.nbcnews.com/news/world/attack-israeli-city-beersheba-leaves-one-dead-least-8-wounded-n446781)
3. [Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/sunday-stabbing-and-shooting-attack-in-negev-desert-leaves-two-dead/2015/10/19/79767c0e-7637-11e5-a958-d889faf561dc_story.html)
4. [Yediot Ahronot – Ynet](http://www.ynetnews.com/articles/0,7340,L-4713271,00.html)

### Related:

1. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015),: Three Palestinians are killed by Israeli forces, two in Hebron, one of whom reportedly tried to ram his car into soldiers and the other during a violent demonstration in the West Bank city. A third Palestinian died in clashes with Israeli troops at the border fence between the Gaza Strip and Israel. ](/news/2015/12/11/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-three-palestinians-are-killed-by-israeli-forces-two-in-hebron-one-of-whom-reportedly-tried-to-ram.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
2. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): Israeli forces shoot and kill a 72-year-old woman in Halhul, a town near Hebron. The soldiers say she attempted to wound them with her car. Her son denies this, saying his mother was on her way to lunch with her sister. Later, three Israelis are shot and wounded, one seriously, in two incidents in Hebron. ](/news/2015/11/6/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-israeli-forces-shoot-and-kill-a-72-year-old-woman-in-halhul-a-town-near-hebron-the-soldiers-say-she.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
3. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): Violence continues while talks persist looking for a peaceful resolution. A 16-year old Palestinian is shot dead after he tried to stab an Israeli security guard at a West Bank border crossing. A 25-year old Palestinian protester died of wounds suffered last week when he was shot by Israeli troops during a border clash near the Gazan town of Khan Yunis. ](/news/2015/10/24/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-violence-continues-while-talks-persist-looking-for-a-peaceful-resolution-a-16-year-old-palestinian-i.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
4. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015): The Israeli military evacuated dozens of Jewish worshippers who were surrounded by Palestinians after entering Joseph's Tomb compound in Nablus, which was recently torched by Palestinians. The area is under full Palestinian control but Jewish prayer is permitted there when coordinated with authorities. The military said Sunday's visit was not, and the worshippers had no permit. ](/news/2015/10/18/israeli-palestinian-conflict-2015-the-israeli-military-evacuated-dozens-of-jewish-worshippers-who-were-surrounded-by-palestinians-after.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces, Israeli-Palestinian conflict (2015)_
5. [Germany-Israel relations: Prime Minister of Israel Benjamin Netanyahu cancels a visit with the foreign minister of Germany Sigmar Gabriel after the latter's refusal to cancel a meeting with the Israel Defense Forces veterans NGO Breaking the Silence saying the group "slanders IDF soldiers as war criminals](/news/2017/04/25/germany-israel-relations-prime-minister-of-israel-benjamin-netanyahu-cancels-a-visit-with-the-foreign-minister-of-germany-sigmar-gabriel.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces_
6. [An Israeli Army tank kills a Palestinian teenager and wounds two others near the Gaza border. ](/news/2017/03/22/an-israeli-army-tank-kills-a-palestinian-teenager-and-wounds-two-others-near-the-gaza-border.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces_
7. [Israeli-Syrian ceasefire line incidents during the Syrian Civil War: March 2017 Israel-Syria incident: The Syrian Army shoots down an Israel Defense Forces (IDF) Skylark drone over Syria's Quneitra Governorate. ](/news/2017/03/20/israeli-syrian-ceasefire-line-incidents-during-the-syrian-civil-war-march-2017-israel-syria-incident-the-syrian-army-shoots-down-an-is.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces_
8. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Hebron shooting incident: Following last month's manslaughter conviction, Israeli soldier Elor Azaria is sentenced to 18 months in prison by a military court for, during a violent incident, his deadly shooting of the wounded, unarmed, prone Palestinian Abdel Fattah al-Sharif, who had stabbed a soldier last March in Hebron. ](/news/2017/02/21/israeli-palestinian-conflict-hebron-shooting-incident-following-last-month-s-manslaughter-conviction-israeli-soldier-elor-azaria-is-sen.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces_
9. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: Two Israeli Bedouins and one Israeli police officer are killed in a clash during a home-demolition operation in the Bedouin village of Umm al-Hiran. Israeli police claim to have found evidence that the Bedouins were supporters of the Islamic State. ](/news/2017/01/18/israeli-palestinian-conflict-two-israeli-bedouins-and-one-israeli-police-officer-are-killed-in-a-clash-during-a-home-demolition-operation.md) _Context: Bedouin_
10. [Israeli-Palestinian conflict: A rock throwing 19-year old Palestinian is killed by IDF troops amid clashes in the West Bank village of Beit Rima. ](/news/2016/12/18/israeli-palestinian-conflict-a-rock-throwing-19-year-old-palestinian-is-killed-by-idf-troops-amid-clashes-in-the-west-bank-village-of-bei.md) _Context: Israel Defense Forces_
