### [2015-10-19](/news/2015/10/19/index.md)

# Pope Francis encourages bishops from around the world to sign an appeal to world leaders, meeting in Paris next month, for crucial climate change talks. In a major teaching document in June, the encyclical Laudato Si' (Latin: Praised be), Francis denounced what he called the -structurally perverse- fossil fuel-based world economy that exploits the poor and destroys the habitability of the Earth for humans. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Washington Post](http://www.washingtonpost.com/business/pope-rallies-bishops-to-press-climate-call-before-paris-meet/2015/10/19/50b19d02-7656-11e5-a5e2-40d6b2ad18dd_story.html)

### Related:

1. [2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference: About 20,000 pairs of empty shoes lay around Paris, symbolizing the absent marchers who would have joined this weekend's worldwide climate change protests pressing for a bold international agreement at the upcoming climate summit there. The capital city was planned to be the center for demonstrations but French police banned large protests following the terrorist attacks this month. ](/news/2015/11/29/2015-united-nations-climate-change-conference-about-20-000-pairs-of-empty-shoes-lay-around-paris-symbolizing-the-absent-marchers-who-would.md) _Context: 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference, Paris, climate change_
2. [At the Vatican, Pope Francis's officials in the Roman Curia formally release the text of his most recent encyclical, "Laudato si"'. The text, which had been quite anticipated by many sides on the climate change debate and been criticized by some for his involvement in the politicized and charged issue, had been previously leaked. ](/news/2015/06/18/at-the-vatican-pope-francis-s-officials-in-the-roman-curia-formally-release-the-text-of-his-most-recent-encyclical-laudato-si-the-text.md) _Context: Laudato Si', Pope Francis, encyclical_
3. [2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference: Delegates at the 2015 Climate Change conference in Paris reach a draft agreement. ](/news/2015/12/5/2015-united-nations-climate-change-conference-delegates-at-the-2015-climate-change-conference-in-paris-reach-a-draft-agreement.md) _Context: 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference, Paris_
4. [2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference: In Paris, delegates from 195 countries approve an agreement that seeks to dramatically reduce greenhouse gas emissions.](/news/2015/12/12/2015-united-nations-climate-change-conference-in-paris-delegates-from-195-countries-approve-an-agreement-that-seeks-to-dramatically-reduce.md) _Context: 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference, Paris_
5. [2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference: Around 150 world leaders attend the UN Climate Change Conference in Paris, aiming for a global deal on limiting greenhouse gas emissions. ](/news/2015/11/30/2015-united-nations-climate-change-conference-around-150-world-leaders-attend-the-un-climate-change-conference-in-paris-aiming-for-a-globa.md) _Context: 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference, Paris_
6. [2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference (COP21): France is deploying more than 10,000 personnel to provide security for the two-week UN Climate Change Conference that opens in Le Bourget in Paris on Monday, November 30, 2015. Around 150 heads of state or government are expected to attend COP21's opening day. ](/news/2015/11/26/2015-united-nations-climate-change-conference-cop21-france-is-deploying-more-than-10-000-personnel-to-provide-security-for-the-two-week-u.md) _Context: 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference, Paris_
7. [2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference: A mass rally due to be held on November 29, 2015 in Paris on the eve of climate change talks is called off due to the threat of terrorism. ](/news/2015/11/19/2015-united-nations-climate-change-conference-a-mass-rally-due-to-be-held-on-november-29-2015-in-paris-on-the-eve-of-climate-change-talks.md) _Context: 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference, Paris_
8. [United Nations negotiators produce an early draft on an agreement to be put to a conference on climate change in Paris in December. ](/news/2015/02/13/united-nations-negotiators-produce-an-early-draft-on-an-agreement-to-be-put-to-a-conference-on-climate-change-in-paris-in-december.md) _Context: Paris, climate change_
9. [Scientists warn that a massive release of methane resulting from Arctic sea ice decline could cause significant global disruption, potentially costing the world economy an extra US$ 60 trillion to $400 trillion from the effects of global warming and climate change. The full impact of climate change in the Arctic, including, for example, ocean acidification, and altered ocean and atmospheric circulation, will be much greater.](/news/2013/07/24/scientists-warn-that-a-massive-release-of-methane-resulting-from-arctic-sea-ice-decline-could-cause-significant-global-disruption-potential.md) _Context: climate change, world economy_
10. [ The 2006 meeting of the G20 industrial nations in Melbourne ends, with discussions centering on the global economy and climate change. Protesters clash with police during the event. ](/news/2006/11/19/the-2006-meeting-of-the-g20-industrial-nations-in-melbourne-ends-with-discussions-centering-on-the-global-economy-and-climate-change-prot.md) _Context: climate change, world economy_
