### [2015-10-19](/news/2015/10/19/index.md)

# Spencer Stone, primarily responsible for thwarting an August terrorist attack on a train en route to Paris from Amsterdam and later stabbed in downtown Sacramento has undergone open heart surgery. The wounds from the most recent altercation were more serious than previously reported. 

Airman 1st Class Spencer Stone’s wounds were much more serious than previously reported, according to an online campaign seeking to raise money for his family.“He was stabbed 4 times,” according to a gofundme account established on Thursday.


### Source:

1. [Air Force Times](http://www.airforcetimes.com/story/military/2015/10/16/fundraiser-spencer-stone-underwent-open-heart-surgery/74070194/)

### Related:

1. [2015 Thalys train attack. European interior ministers and transport officials hold emergency talks in Paris following the recent attack on the Thalys train between Amsterdam and Paris. ](/news/2015/08/29/2015-thalys-train-attack-european-interior-ministers-and-transport-officials-hold-emergency-talks-in-paris-following-the-recent-attack-on-t.md) _Context: 2015 Thalys train attack, Amsterdam, Paris_
2. [Spencer Stone, one of the individuals involved in stopping the gunman in the August 2015 Thalys train attack, is stabbed in downtown Sacramento. Police said the incident is not related to a terrorist act; the assault occurred near a bar. He is in stable condition at a hospital with what are believed to be non-life threatening wounds. ](/news/2015/10/8/spencer-stone-one-of-the-individuals-involved-in-stopping-the-gunman-in-the-august-2015-thalys-train-attack-is-stabbed-in-downtown-sacrame.md) _Context: 2015 Thalys train attack, Spencer Stone_
3. [Extreme weather in Europe kills nine people in Germany, traps a Eurostar train in the Channel Tunnel, disrupts flights at international airports in Amsterdam, Dublin, Knock and Paris, shuts hundreds of schools in Ireland and disrupts Norway's bus service in Oslo. ](/news/2010/01/7/extreme-weather-in-europe-kills-nine-people-in-germany-traps-a-eurostar-train-in-the-channel-tunnel-disrupts-flights-at-international-airp.md) _Context: Amsterdam, Paris_
4. [ Euronext, a derivatives exchange based in Amsterdam and Paris, announces that it might join the ongoing auction for the London Stock Exchange&mdash;which would put it in competition with bidders Nasdaq and Deutsche Brse. ](/news/2006/03/14/euronext-a-derivatives-exchange-based-in-amsterdam-and-paris-announces-that-it-might-join-the-ongoing-auction-for-the-london-stock-exchan.md) _Context: Amsterdam, Paris_
5. [Levallois-Perret attack. In a suspected terror attack, six French soldiers are injured, three seriously, when a man drives a car into them at a barracks in the Paris suburb of Levallois-Perret. ](/news/2017/08/9/levallois-perret-attack-in-a-suspected-terror-attack-six-french-soldiers-are-injured-three-seriously-when-a-man-drives-a-car-into-them-a.md) _Context: Paris_
6. [June 2017 Champs-Elysees car ramming attack. A car carrying firearms and gas bottles deliberately rammed a police vehicle on the Champs-Elysees in Paris, France, subsequently bursting into flames. The driver, who was on a security watchlist, was shot dead. ](/news/2017/06/19/june-2017-champs-alysa-c-es-car-ramming-attack-a-car-carrying-firearms-and-gas-bottles-deliberately-rammed-a-police-vehicle-on-the-champs-a.md) _Context: Paris_
7. [Rare specimens of daisies from the 1850s originally held in the National Museum of Natural History in Paris were reportedly destroyed by Australia in March allegedly due to incomplete paperwork. ](/news/2017/05/8/rare-specimens-of-daisies-from-the-1850s-originally-held-in-the-national-museum-of-natural-history-in-paris-were-reportedly-destroyed-by-aus.md) _Context: Paris_
8. [French presidential election, 2017. Yesterday's terrorist attack in Paris disrupts campaigning for the elections. ](/news/2017/04/21/french-presidential-election-2017-yesterday-s-terrorist-attack-in-paris-disrupts-campaigning-for-the-elections.md) _Context: Paris_
9. [2017 shooting of Paris police officers. One policeman has been killed and another has been critically injured after a man opened fire at police officers at the Champs-Elysees in central Paris. The gunman was killed while attempting to escape, and a bystander has been injured. ISIL claims responsibility for the attack although the claim is doubted. The President of France Francois Hollande says that all leads indicate that the attack was of a "terrorist nature". ](/news/2017/04/20/2017-shooting-of-paris-police-officers-one-policeman-has-been-killed-and-another-has-been-critically-injured-after-a-man-opened-fire-at-pol.md) _Context: Paris_
10. [March 2017 Ile-de-France attacks. French security forces shoot suspect Ziyed Ben Belgacem dead in Paris' Orly Airport after he put the pellet gun to her head and took away an assault rifle from one of three soldiers from "Sentinelle" operation patrolling the airport. Belgacem had earlier shot a police officer with a pellet gun. Later, he had threatened a bar and then carjacked another vehicle to the airport. ](/news/2017/03/18/march-2017-ale-de-france-attacks-french-security-forces-shoot-suspect-ziyed-ben-belgacem-dead-in-paris-orly-airport-after-he-put-the-pell.md) _Context: Paris_
