### [2009-05-17](/news/2009/05/17/index.md)

#  Four oil companies announce a plan to supply Europe with natural gas from Kurdistan, Iraq, via the Nabucco pipeline. 




### Source:

1. [BBC](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/business/8054191.stm)

### Related:

1. [More than a dozen alleged ISIS-linked, terrorist members of Rawti Shax, a European offshoot of the Iraqi Kurdish jihadist network Ansar al-Islam, are arrested in a coordinated, multi-nation sweep by police across Europe. The operation dismantled an integrated cell in Italy, the United Kingdom, Norway, Finland, Switzerland, and Germany. The group is accused of radicalizing fighters, planning attacks targeting Norwegian and British diplomats in the Middle East, and planning to establish a caliphate in Iraq's Kurdistan region. ](/news/2015/11/12/more-than-a-dozen-alleged-isis-linked-terrorist-members-of-rawti-shax-a-european-offshoot-of-the-iraqi-kurdish-jihadist-network-ansar-al-i.md) _Context: Europe, Iraq, Iraqi Kurdistan_
2. [ Russia and Ukraine agree to resend natural gas through pipelines to Europe. ](/news/2009/01/8/russia-and-ukraine-agree-to-resend-natural-gas-through-pipelines-to-europe.md) _Context: Europe, natural gas, pipeline_
3. [ Russia's Gazprom alleges that Ukraine has blocked three key gas pipelines to Europe, making natural gas delivery there impossible. ](/news/2009/01/6/russia-s-gazprom-alleges-that-ukraine-has-blocked-three-key-gas-pipelines-to-europe-making-natural-gas-delivery-there-impossible.md) _Context: Europe, natural gas, pipeline_
4. [ Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin questions the commitment of the European Union to the construction of the Nord Stream pipeline to establish a natural gas delivery network from his country to Europe. A European Commission spokesman responds, "The EU continues to strongly support the Nord Stream pipeline". ](/news/2008/11/13/russian-prime-minister-vladimir-putin-questions-the-commitment-of-the-european-union-to-the-construction-of-the-nord-stream-pipeline-to-est.md) _Context: Europe, natural gas, pipeline_
5. [European migrant crisis: Police in northern Greece move more than 400 Syrians and Iraqis by bus from a makeshift camp near the Macedonian border to a shelter near the northern city of Thessaloniki. More than 50,000 migrants remain stranded in Greece following European border closures, and the European Union's agreement with Turkey. ](/news/2016/06/13/european-migrant-crisis-police-in-northern-greece-move-more-than-400-syrians-and-iraqis-by-bus-from-a-makeshift-camp-near-the-macedonian-bo.md) _Context: Europe, Iraq_
6. [Iraqi Civil War: Senior Kurdish and Shi'ite Muslim leaders agree to withdraw from Tuz Khurmato, Iraq, where recent violence has killed more than 10 people. ](/news/2016/04/27/iraqi-civil-war-senior-kurdish-and-shi-ite-muslim-leaders-agree-to-withdraw-from-tuz-khurmato-iraq-where-recent-violence-has-killed-more.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Kurdistan_
7. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Turkey calls on all its citizens to leave all areas of Iraq except Iraqi Kurdistan, due to "increased security risks". ](/news/2015/12/9/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-turkey-calls-on-all-its-citizens-to-leave-all-areas-of-iraq-except-iraqi-kurdistan-due-to-increased-secu.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Kurdistan_
8. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Turkey refuses to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq despite being given a 48 hour ultimatum by Iraq to leave the country. Turkey says the troops are there as part of an international mission to train and equip Iraqi forces to fight against the Islamic State. The Iraqi government says it never invited such a force, and will take its case to the United Nations if they are not pulled out. ](/news/2015/12/7/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-turkey-refuses-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-despite-being-given-a-48-hour-ultimatum-by-iraq-t.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Kurdistan_
9. [Iraqi Civil War (2014-present): Iraq's government gives Turkey 48 hours to withdraw its forces from northern Iraq or face "all available options", including recourse to the UN Security Council. ](/news/2015/12/6/iraqi-civil-war-2014-present-iraq-s-government-gives-turkey-48-hours-to-withdraw-its-forces-from-northern-iraq-or-face-all-available-o.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Kurdistan_
10. [Turkey-PKK conflict: Turkey's air force launches a new wave of air-raids bombing PKK positions in northern Iraq and southeastern Turkey. Turkish warplanes destroy PKK fuel and ammunition depots in the Hakkari province on the border with Iraq, as well as, in the eastern Kars province, according to a military statement. ](/news/2015/10/4/turkey-pkk-conflict-turkey-s-air-force-launches-a-new-wave-of-air-raids-bombing-pkk-positions-in-northern-iraq-and-southeastern-turkey-t.md) _Context: Iraq, Iraqi Kurdistan_
