### [2006-08-30](/news/2006/08/30/index.md)

#  A United States federal judge overturns a jury's recent $50 million award against Merck on behalf of a Vioxx user, on the ground that the award was excessive. 

Reuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in markets, business, politics, entertainment, technology, video and pictures.


### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://today.reuters.com/news/articleinvesting.aspx?view=CN&storyID=2006-08-30T175310Z_01_N30220771_RTRIDST_0_HEALTH-MERCK-VIOXX-UPDATE-1.XML&rpc=66&type=qcna)

### Related:

1. [ United States district judge for the Eastern District of Louisiana Eldon Fallon rules that over seven thousand federal lawsuits against pharmaceutical company Merck claiming that its drug Vioxx caused heart problems could not be combined into one class action suit. ](/news/2006/11/22/united-states-district-judge-for-the-eastern-district-of-louisiana-eldon-fallon-rules-that-over-seven-thousand-federal-lawsuits-against-pha.md) _Context: Merck & Co., United States federal judge_
2. [ Merck & Co. wins a trial over a grandmother's claim that its Vioxx painkiller caused her to have a heart attack, reducing pressure on the company to settle 12,000 other cases about the drug. ](/news/2006/07/13/merck-co-wins-a-trial-over-a-grandmother-s-claim-that-its-vioxx-painkiller-caused-her-to-have-a-heart-attack-reducing-pressure-on-the-c.md) _Context: Merck & Co., Vioxx_
3. [United States federal judge Richard Posner has announced his retirement after three decades of service on the bench of the 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. Appointed by President Ronald Reagan in 1981, Justice Posner has written more than 3,300 opinions from the bench.](/news/2017/09/1/united-states-federal-judge-richard-posner-has-announced-his-retirement-after-three-decades-of-service-on-the-bench-of-the-7th-u-s-circuit.md) _Context: United States federal judge_
4. [Former Volkswagen engineer James Liang is sentenced by U.S. District Court Judge Sean Cox to 40 months in prison and a $200,000 fine for his role in the decade-long scheme to cheat on federal emissions tests for diesel-powered cars sold in the United States. He is the first company employee sent to prison in the scandal. ](/news/2017/08/25/former-volkswagen-engineer-james-liang-is-sentenced-by-u-s-district-court-judge-sean-cox-to-40-months-in-prison-and-a-200-000-fine-for-his.md) _Context: United States federal judge_
5. [United States federal judge James Robart temporarily blocks the so-called travel ban nationwide pending a legal challenge by the government. ](/news/2017/02/3/united-states-federal-judge-james-robart-temporarily-blocks-the-so-called-travel-ban-nationwide-pending-a-legal-challenge-by-the-government.md) _Context: United States federal judge_
6. [John D. Bates, United States federal judge for the United States District Court for the District of Columbia, blocks a proposed merger by health insurance companies Aetna and Humana. ](/news/2017/01/23/john-d-bates-united-states-federal-judge-for-the-united-states-district-court-for-the-district-of-columbia-blocks-a-proposed-merger-by-he.md) _Context: United States federal judge_
7. [Federal District Judge Gonzalo Curiel unseals documents requested by "The Washington Post" that had been filed with the court in connection with pending civil cases against Trump University, a former business of the Republican Party's presumptive presidential nominee Donald Trump. The judge noted that Trump's candidacy has increased interest in these cases, and that Trump's comments "... (have) placed the integrity of these court proceedings at issue." ](/news/2016/05/28/federal-district-judge-gonzalo-curiel-unseals-documents-requested-by-the-washington-post-that-had-been-filed-with-the-court-in-connection.md) _Context: United States federal judge_
8. [The United States Food and Drug Administration approves the Merck & Co. drug, Bridion, that reverses the effects of muscle relaxants used during surgery. ](/news/2015/12/15/the-united-states-food-and-drug-administration-approves-the-merck-co-drug-bridion-that-reverses-the-effects-of-muscle-relaxants-used-du.md) _Context: Merck & Co._
9. [Merck agrees to buy "superbug"-fighter Cubist Pharmaceuticals for $9.5 billion. ](/news/2014/12/8/merck-agrees-to-buy-superbug-fighter-cubist-pharmaceuticals-for-9-5-billion.md) _Context: Merck & Co._
10. [Merck & Co. agrees to buy Idenix Pharmaceuticals for US$3.85 billion. ](/news/2014/06/9/merck-co-agrees-to-buy-idenix-pharmaceuticals-for-us-3-85-billion.md) _Context: Merck & Co._
