### [2006-08-30](/news/2006/08/30/index.md)

#  Former United States Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage originally revealed the identity of Valerie Plame to columnist Robert Novak in 2003. 




### Source:

1. [CNN](http://www.cnn.com/2006/POLITICS/08/30/leak.armitage/index.html?section=cnn_allpolitics)

### Related:

1. [ Pakistan President Pervez Musharraf says U.S. Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage threatened to bomb his country "back to the Stone Age" after the 2001 September 11 attacks if he did not help the U.S.-led War on Terror. ](/news/2006/09/21/pakistan-president-pervez-musharraf-says-u-s-deputy-secretary-of-state-richard-armitage-threatened-to-bomb-his-country-back-to-the-stone.md) _Context: Richard Armitage, US Deputy Secretary of State_
2. [The US Deputy Secretary of State William Burns meets with government officials in Libya about last week's deadly attack at the US consulate in Benghazi. ](/news/2012/09/20/the-us-deputy-secretary-of-state-william-burns-meets-with-government-officials-in-libya-about-last-week-s-deadly-attack-at-the-us-consulate.md) _Context: US Deputy Secretary of State_
3. [ Shia Islamists under cleric Muqtada al-Sadr protest in Baghdad, Iraq, on the anniversary of its capture by the United States Armed Forces in 2003. ](/news/2009/04/9/shia-islamists-under-cleric-muqtada-al-sadr-protest-in-baghdad-iraq-on-the-anniversary-of-its-capture-by-the-united-states-armed-forces-i.md) _Context: 2003_
4. [ Israel will pay US$50,000 to the family of a Palestinian man who was killed by the country's Defense Forces in December 2003. ](/news/2009/02/15/israel-will-pay-us-50-000-to-the-family-of-a-palestinian-man-who-was-killed-by-the-country-s-defense-forces-in-december-2003.md) _Context: 2003_
5. [ The United Kingdom Information Tribunal orders Her Majesty's Government to release the minutes of Cabinet discussions regarding the 2003 invasion of Iraq. ](/news/2009/01/27/the-united-kingdom-information-tribunal-orders-her-majesty-s-government-to-release-the-minutes-of-cabinet-discussions-regarding-the-2003-in.md) _Context: 2003_
6. [ U.S. conservative political commentator Robert Novak retires after 45 years. The only reason for retirement was a previously discovered brain tumour. Novak is also involved in the CIA leak scandal. ](/news/2008/08/4/u-s-conservative-political-commentator-robert-novak-retires-after-45-years-the-only-reason-for-retirement-was-a-previously-discovered-bra.md) _Context: Robert Novak_
7. [ The United States National Intelligence Estimate of November 2007 reports with "high confidence" that Iran stopped its nuclear weapons program in the fall of 2003 and has probably not restarted it since. ](/news/2007/12/3/the-united-states-national-intelligence-estimate-of-november-2007-reports-with-high-confidence-that-iran-stopped-its-nuclear-weapons-prog.md) _Context: 2003_
8. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency:: Pakistani Attorney General Malik Qayyum announces the Supreme Court of Pakistan has dismissed five of the six petitions against President Pervez Musharraf's re-election. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7101302.stm (BBC)]: At least 80 people die and 100 are wounded in sectarian violence in Kurram Agency. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7101533.stm (BBC)]: Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf rejects United States Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte's demand to lift the state of emergency.date=December 2007](/news/2007/11/19/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-pakistani-attorney-general-malik-qayyum-announces-the-supreme-court-of-pakistan-has-dismissed-five-of-t.md) _Context: US Deputy Secretary of State_
9. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency:: Hina Jilani leads a protest in London to ask for the release of all political prisoners and to vocalize the call for President Pervez Musharraf's resignation. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/7100762.stm (BBC)]: United States Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte says President Pervez Musharraf should lift the state of emergency and free political opponents. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/south_asia/7100322.stm (BBC)]: One person dies in a bomb explosion on a railway track near Peshawar targeted at a passenger train.date=December 2007](/news/2007/11/18/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-hina-jilani-leads-a-protest-in-london-to-ask-for-the-release-of-all-political-prisoners-and-to-vocalize.md) _Context: US Deputy Secretary of State_
10. [ 2007 Pakistani state of emergency:: United States Deputy Secretary of State John Negroponte speaks with former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto on the phone and tells her that "moderate forces" should work together to bring the country back to democracy. ](/news/2007/11/16/2007-pakistani-state-of-emergency-united-states-deputy-secretary-of-state-john-negroponte-speaks-with-former-prime-minister-benazir-bhutt.md) _Context: US Deputy Secretary of State_
