
Formats: [HTML](/news/2006/08/30/israeli-troops-kill-at-least-eight-palestinians-in-fighting-in-gaza-city-as-part-of-a-two-month-offensive-in-the-territory.html)  [JSON](/news/2006/08/30/israeli-troops-kill-at-least-eight-palestinians-in-fighting-in-gaza-city-as-part-of-a-two-month-offensive-in-the-territory.json)  [XML](/news/2006/08/30/israeli-troops-kill-at-least-eight-palestinians-in-fighting-in-gaza-city-as-part-of-a-two-month-offensive-in-the-territory.xml)  

### [2006-08-30](/news/2006/08/30/index.md)

##### Israel
#  Israeli troops kill at least eight Palestinians in fighting in Gaza City, as part of a two-month offensive in the territory.




### Sources:

1. [Al Jazeera](http://english.aljazeera.net/NR/exeres/A061B466-595C-4180-B873-D61216AA59CC.htm)

### Related:

1. [ Israeli-Palestinian conflict: The United States vetoes a United Nations Security Council resolution (sponsored by Algeria and Libya) condemning the killing by Israel of Sheikh Ahmed Yassin along with six other Palestinians outside a mosque in Gaza City and calling for a complete cessation of executions. The veto is publicly motivated by the resolution making no mention of suicide bombings committed by Hamas and attributed to Yassin. 11 votes are recorded in favour, with three (United Kingdom, Germany, and Romania) abstaining and one (the United States) against. ](/news/2004/03/26/israeli-palestinian-conflict-the-united-states-vetoes-a-united-nations-security-council-resolution-sponsored-by-algeria-and-libya-condem.md) _Context: Gaza, Israel, Palestinians_
2. [Palestinians and the Israeli army scuffle in Jerusalem, Bethlehem and at the Qalandia border crossing over the status of Jerusalem. Clashes are also reported in Gaza, Ramallah, Hebron and Qalqilya. In conflicts where Israeli law enforcement used live ammunition and Palestinians threw rocks, two Palestinians died in Gaza while 150 were wounded and two more were killed in the West Bank while a further 10 were wounded. ](/news/2017/12/15/palestinians-and-the-israeli-army-scuffle-in-jerusalem-bethlehem-and-at-the-qalandia-border-crossing-over-the-status-of-jerusalem-clashes.md) _Context: Gaza, Palestinians_
3. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place, known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches are also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed, 390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent. Israeli police report five officers are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian in their home while eating dinner, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-th.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinians_
4. [In two simultaneous attacks near the Damascus Gate in Jerusalem, an Israeli policewoman is fatally stabbed; the three Palestinian assailants are shot dead. ISIL claims were questioned by Israeli authorities. As well, the PFLP and Hamas claim it was their members who did it. ](/news/2017/06/16/in-two-simultaneous-attacks-near-the-damascus-gate-in-jerusalem-an-israeli-policewoman-is-fatally-stabbed-the-three-palestinian-assailants.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinians_
5. [Hundreds of Palestinian prisoners in Israeli jails -- activists say up to 1,500 are participating -- begin an open-ended hunger strike to protest poor conditions and the Israeli policy of detention without trial. ](/news/2017/04/17/hundreds-of-palestinian-prisoners-in-israeli-jails-a-activists-say-up-to-1-500-are-participating-a-begin-an-open-ended-hunger-strike-to.md) _Context: Israel, Palestinians_
