### [2008-12-6](/news/2008/12/6/index.md)

#  Joseph Cao defeats William J. Jefferson in Louisiana's 2nd congressional election, a major upset victory for the Republican Party. He is the first Vietnamese American ever to be elected to the U.S. House of Representatives. 




### Source:

1. [The Hill](http://thehill.com/leading-the-news/gop-appears-to-knock-off-rep.-jefferson-2008-12-06.html)

### Related:

1. [Efforts to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. American Health Care Act of 2017. The Republican-controlled United States House of Representatives votes in favor of the repeal of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and passage of the House's 2017 American Health Care Act, by a narrow, 217-213 vote. Twenty Republicans and all Democrats opposed the bill, which now heads to the United States Senate for its legislative action. ](/news/2017/05/4/efforts-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-american-health-care-act-of-2017-the-republican-controlled-united-states.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
2. [Georgia's 6th congressional district special election, 2017. Democratic candidates face off with Republican candidates in a primary for a U.S. House seat vacated by Tom Price, now Health and Human Services Secretary, in a suburb of Atlanta, Georgia. ](/news/2017/04/18/georgia-s-6th-congressional-district-special-election-2017-democratic-candidates-face-off-with-republican-candidates-in-a-primary-for-a-u.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
3. [An act to repeal the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act. A leaked memo from House Republicans reveals cutting provisions from Obamacare such as Medicaid expansions and subsidies for health insurance. ](/news/2017/02/25/an-act-to-repeal-the-patient-protection-and-affordable-care-act-a-leaked-memo-from-house-republicans-reveals-cutting-provisions-from-obamac.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
4. [115th United States Congress. The Republican-led U.S. House of Representatives cancels plans approved on Monday, following widespread criticism, including a tweet by President-elect Trump, that would have weakened the House's independent ethics watchdog, the Office of Congressional Ethics. ](/news/2017/01/3/115th-united-states-congress-the-republican-led-u-s-house-of-representatives-cancels-plans-approved-on-monday-following-widespread-critic.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
5. [United States Senate election in Louisiana, 2016. John N. Kennedy of the Republican Party defeats Foster Campbell of the Democratic Party to become the junior Senator for Louisiana. ](/news/2016/12/10/united-states-senate-election-in-louisiana-2016-john-n-kennedy-of-the-republican-party-defeats-foster-campbell-of-the-democratic-party-to.md) _Context: Louisiana, Republican_
6. [Elections in the United States; Louisiana gubernatorial election, 2015. Democratic state Representative John Bel Edwards, the surprise winner of the October 24 open primary, is elected governor of Louisiana over Republican U.S. Senator David Vitter. Edwards' margin is 140,931 votes (56.11 percent), all 3,945 precincts reporting. Edwards will replace former Republican presidential candidate Bobby Jindal, who was not eligible to seek another term. ](/news/2015/11/21/elections-in-the-united-states-louisiana-gubernatorial-election-2015-democratic-state-representative-john-bel-edwards-the-surprise-winne.md) _Context: Louisiana, Republican_
7. [Members of the Republican party in the United States House of Representatives nominate Paul Ryan of Wisconsin to replace John Boehner of Ohio as Speaker of the House. There will be a formal vote Thursday on the House floor. ](/news/2015/10/28/members-of-the-republican-party-in-the-united-states-house-of-representatives-nominate-paul-ryan-of-wisconsin-to-replace-john-boehner-of-ohi.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
8. [United States Senate election in Louisiana, 2014. Democrat Mary Landrieu loses her bid for a fourth term representing Louisiana in the United States Senate to Republican Congressman Bill Cassidy in Saturday's runoff election, increasing the GOP majority in the U.S. Senate to 54 seats. ](/news/2014/12/7/united-states-senate-election-in-louisiana-2014-democrat-mary-landrieu-loses-her-bid-for-a-fourth-term-representing-louisiana-in-the-unite.md) _Context: Louisiana, Republican_
9. [Rep. Thaddeus McCotter, R-Mich., announces his resignation from the United States House of Representatives. ](/news/2012/07/6/rep-thaddeus-mccotter-r-mich-announces-his-resignation-from-the-united-states-house-of-representatives.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
10. [Veteran Ohio Congressman Dennis Kucinich is defeated in a Democrat primary in the 9th district by incumbent Marcia C. Kaptur after he was affected by redistricting - Samuel Wurzelbacher aka Joe the Plumber wins the Republican Party primary. ](/news/2012/03/6/veteran-ohio-congressman-dennis-kucinich-is-defeated-in-a-democrat-primary-in-the-9th-district-by-incumbent-marcia-c-kaptur-after-he-was-af.md) _Context: Republican, United States House of Representatives_
