### [2017-02-3](/news/2017/02/3/index.md)

# According to Tokyo Electric Power Company, radiations levels within one of the reactors of Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, damaged by an earthquake and tsunami in 2011, are at its highest level since experiencing a meltdown, with a reading of 530 sieverts an hour. 

Extraordinary readings pile pressure on operator Tepco in its efforts to decommission nuclear power station


### Source:

1. [The Guardian](https://www.theguardian.com/environment/2017/feb/03/fukushima-daiichi-radiation-levels-highest-since-2011-meltdown)

### Related:

1. [The Tokyo Electric Power Company (TEPCO) claims that three reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant suffered partial meltdowns following the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami; it had previously announced that only one reactor had suffered a meltdown. ](/news/2011/05/24/the-tokyo-electric-power-company-tepco-claims-that-three-reactors-at-the-fukushima-daiichi-nuclear-power-plant-suffered-partial-meltdowns.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, Tokyo Electric Power Company, an earthquake and tsunami_
2. [Two of the reactors damaged in the March earthquake and tsunami at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant in Japan may be riddled with holes, according to the facility's owner, Tokyo Electric Power Co. ](/news/2011/05/25/two-of-the-reactors-damaged-in-the-march-earthquake-and-tsunami-at-the-fukushima-daiichi-nuclear-power-plant-in-japan-may-be-riddled-with-ho.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, an earthquake and tsunami_
3. [Japan's emperor and prime minister attend a memorial service marking the fifth anniversary of the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami in which 15,894 people died and caused the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. Many people remain displaced and recovery efforts are ongoing. ](/news/2016/03/11/japanas-emperor-and-prime-minister-attend-a-memorial-service-marking-the-fifth-anniversary-of-the-2011-tahoku-earthquake-and-tsunami-in-w.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, an earthquake and tsunami_
4. [Steam begins to rise at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant with utility company Tepco saying that it is possibly because of rain and that the levels of radioactivity in the surrounding areas have remained unchanged. ](/news/2013/07/18/steam-begins-to-rise-at-the-fukushima-daiichi-nuclear-power-plant-with-utility-company-tepco-saying-that-it-is-possibly-because-of-rain-and.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, Tokyo Electric Power Company_
5. [Tokyo Electric Power Company says that it is moving tons of highly radioactive water from a temporary storage tank to another after detecting signs of leakage at the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant in Futaba District of Fukushima Prefecture, Japan. ](/news/2013/04/6/tokyo-electric-power-company-says-that-it-is-moving-tons-of-highly-radioactive-water-from-a-temporary-storage-tank-to-another-after-detectin.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, Tokyo Electric Power Company_
6. [Toshiba Corporation unveil a robot that they believe will help in nuclear disasters and could enter the crippled Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant damaged during the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. ](/news/2012/11/21/toshiba-corporation-unveil-a-robot-that-they-believe-will-help-in-nuclear-disasters-and-could-enter-the-crippled-fukushima-daiichi-nuclear-p.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster_
7. [French President Nicolas Sarkozy admits he did not visit Fukushima while in Japan after last year's earthquake and tsunami, despite having previously said he had done so. ](/news/2012/04/13/french-president-nicolas-sarkozy-admits-he-did-not-visit-fukushima-while-in-japan-after-last-year-s-earthquake-and-tsunami-despite-having-p.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant, an earthquake and tsunami_
8. [Japan's economy shrinks by 0.3% in the April-June quarter confirming the country is in a recession caused in part by the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami and subsequent Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster. ](/news/2011/08/15/japan-s-economy-shrinks-by-0-3-in-the-april-june-quarter-confirming-the-country-is-in-a-recession-caused-in-part-by-the-2011-tahoku-earthq.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, an earthquake and tsunami_
9. [The Tokyo Electric Power Company (Tepco) incurs wrath from shareholders at its first annual meeting since the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, with a motion asking the company to abandon nuclear power being defeated. ](/news/2011/06/28/the-tokyo-electric-power-company-tepco-incurs-wrath-from-shareholders-at-its-first-annual-meeting-since-the-fukushima-daiichi-nuclear-disa.md) _Context: Fukushima Daiichi nuclear disaster, Tokyo Electric Power Company_
10. [The Tokyo Electric Power Company announces rolling blackouts caused by the 2011 Tohoku earthquake and tsunami in northern Japan. ](/news/2011/03/14/the-tokyo-electric-power-company-announces-rolling-blackouts-caused-by-the-2011-tahoku-earthquake-and-tsunami-in-northern-japan.md) _Context: Tokyo Electric Power Company, an earthquake and tsunami_
