### [2017-02-3](/news/2017/02/3/index.md)

# Citing court rulings and privacy laws, the United States Department of Agriculture stops making its records of animal abuse available to the public online, which makes them available exclusively through Freedom of Information Act requests. It has not yet been revealed whether another Agency will now be responsible for the keeping and public hosting of such records. 

The records, which had been freely available, were used to monitor animal treatment at circuses, scientific labs, breeding facilities and zoos.


### Source:

1. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/animalia/wp/2017/02/03/the-usda-abruptly-removes-animal-welfare-information-from-its-website/)

### Related:

1. [The United States Department of Agriculture reports that more than 40% of honey bee colonies died in the preceding year. Farmers rely on honey bees to pollinate over half the country's food supply annually. ](/news/2015/05/13/the-united-states-department-of-agriculture-reports-that-more-than-40-of-honey-bee-colonies-died-in-the-preceding-year-farmers-rely-on-hon.md) _Context: United States Department of Agriculture_
2. [A study of Food and Drug Administration and U.S. Department of Agriculture employees shows that the food industry has been successfully withholding information from inspectors and pressuring the government agencies to withdraw or alter policies which promote food safety. ](/news/2010/09/13/a-study-of-food-and-drug-administration-and-u-s-department-of-agriculture-employees-shows-that-the-food-industry-has-been-successfully-with.md) _Context: United States Department of Agriculture_
3. [The White House holds an official review after an employee of the United States Department of Agriculture was forced to resign regarding controversy about a video that surfaced on the Internet. ](/news/2010/07/21/the-white-house-holds-an-official-review-after-an-employee-of-the-united-states-department-of-agriculture-was-forced-to-resign-regarding-con.md) _Context: United States Department of Agriculture_
4. [Shirley Sherrod, an employee of the United States Department of Agriculture, resigns after a video on the internet surfaced showing her apparently making racist remarks regarding the foreclosure of a farm owned by a white farmer. ](/news/2010/07/20/shirley-sherrod-an-employee-of-the-united-states-department-of-agriculture-resigns-after-a-video-on-the-internet-surfaced-showing-her-appa.md) _Context: United States Department of Agriculture_
5. [ The U.S. Department of Agriculture stands down two employees as part of its investigation of the biggest meat recall in United States history. ](/news/2008/02/29/the-u-s-department-of-agriculture-stands-down-two-employees-as-part-of-its-investigation-of-the-biggest-meat-recall-in-united-states-histo.md) _Context: United States Department of Agriculture_
6. [ ''The Washington Post'', under the Freedom of Information Act, obtains the transcript of an investigative interview with Donald Rumsfeld. The U.S. Secretary of Defense cited poor memory, loose office procedures, and preoccupation with "the wars" as the reasons he did not know how his department nearly squandered $30 billion leasing several hundred tanker aircraft from Boeing. ](/news/2006/06/20/the-washington-post-under-the-freedom-of-information-act-obtains-the-transcript-of-an-investigative-interview-with-donald-rumsfeld-t.md) _Context: Freedom of Information Act_
7. [ ''MyPyramid'' is released by the United States Department of Agriculture. The new food guidance icon is an update of the 13-year-old food guide pyramid, which was itself an update of charts expounding on the ''four basic food groups''. ](/news/2005/04/19/mypyramid-is-released-by-the-united-states-department-of-agriculture-the-new-food-guidance-icon-is-an-update-of-the-13-year-old-food-g.md) _Context: United States Department of Agriculture_
8. [ A former secret U.S. military investigative report on Guantanamo Bay is revealed to conclude there is no evidence of systemic detainee abuse but cited several cases of questionable physical force documented on videotape. Prisoners released have stated abuse is commonplace, and one former U.S. National Guardsman received brain damage after being beaten while posing undercover as a rowdy detainee. All Freedom of Information Act requests by the ACLU for video and photographs depicting detainee treatment have been denied. ](/news/2005/02/2/a-former-secret-u-s-military-investigative-report-on-guantanamo-bay-is-revealed-to-conclude-there-is-no-evidence-of-systemic-detainee-abus.md) _Context: Freedom of Information Act_
9. [ The U.S. Department of Agriculture announces that it believes the BSE infected cow detected in Washington state was imported from Canada in 2001. The location of the other 73 cows imported with it is unknown. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/3351547.stm]](/news/2003/12/27/the-u-s-department-of-agriculture-announces-that-it-believes-the-bse-infected-cow-detected-in-washington-state-was-imported-from-canada-in.md) _Context: United States Department of Agriculture_
10. [ Fearing the state's BSE outbreak may extend beyond a single farm, the U.S. Department of Agriculture quarantines a second cattle farm in Washington state. [http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/world/americas/3350227.stm]](/news/2003/12/26/fearing-the-state-s-bse-outbreak-may-extend-beyond-a-single-farm-the-u-s-department-of-agriculture-quarantines-a-second-cattle-farm-in-wa.md) _Context: United States Department of Agriculture_
