### [2017-02-3](/news/2017/02/3/index.md)

# Iran-United States relations. The United States Department of the Treasury announces new sanctions against Iran in response to the latter's recent ballistic missile test. Thirteen people and twelve entities with ties to Iran have been affected. 

Rio gold medalist Kyle Snyder among Americans prohibited from competing.


### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/a/iran-us-new-sanctions-treasury-missile-test/28277671.html)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/sports/iran-bars-us-wrestlers-from-tournament-in-response-to-trumps-travel-ban/2017/02/03/234c4e88-ea28-11e6-80c2-30e57e57e05d_story.html)

### Related:

1. [Iran-United States relations. The United States Treasury Department imposes sanctions on six Shahid Hemmat Industrial Group satellite companies following a recent Iranian rocket launch that the U.S. says breached United Nations Security Council Resolution 2231. ](/news/2017/07/28/iran-united-states-relations-the-united-states-treasury-department-imposes-sanctions-on-six-shahid-hemmat-industrial-group-satellite-comp.md) _Context: Iran-United States relations, United States Treasury Department_
2. [Iran-United States relations. The United States Navy says the USS "Thunderbolt" fired a warning shot at an Iranian patrol boat after it came within 150 yards of the U.S. ship. ](/news/2017/07/25/iran-united-states-relations-the-united-states-navy-says-the-uss-thunderbolt-fired-a-warning-shot-at-an-iranian-patrol-boat-after-it-ca.md) _Context: Iran, Iran-United States relations_
3. [Russia-United States relations. Iran-United States relations. The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/russia-united-states-relations-iran-united-states-relations-the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping.md) _Context: Iran, Iran-United States relations_
4. [Iran-United States relations. Ayatollah Khamenei warns that Iran will retaliate if sanctions that breach the Nuclear Deal are approved. ](/news/2016/11/23/iran-united-states-relations-ayatollah-khamenei-warns-that-iran-will-retaliate-if-sanctions-that-breach-the-nuclear-deal-are-approved.md) _Context: Iran, Iran-United States relations_
5. [Iran-United States relations. The Foreign Minister of Iran Mohammad Javad Zarif says that the country's missile program would not be up for discussion. This comes as United States Secretary of State John Kerry said last Thursday that the United States and its allies would only address Iran's concerns in the region if it makes it clear to all involved that it was prepared to cease provocative ballistic missile launches and tests. ](/news/2016/04/10/iran-united-states-relations-the-foreign-minister-of-iran-mohammad-javad-zarif-says-that-the-country-s-missile-program-would-not-be-up-fo.md) _Context: Iran, Iran-United States relations_
6. [Iran-United States relations. Iran releases four Iranian-American prisoners including "Washington Post" reporter Jason Rezaian and Christian pastor Saeed Abedini. The United States is to release seven Iranian-Americans held in the United States for violating sanctions against Iran. ](/news/2016/01/16/iran-united-states-relations-iran-releases-four-iranian-american-prisoners-including-washington-post-reporter-jason-rezaian-and-christi.md) _Context: Iran, Iran-United States relations_
7. [Iran-United States relations. Iran seizes the crew of two small United States Navy boats near Farsi Island, in the Persian Gulf, after they had allegedly entered Iranian waters. Pentagon spokesman, Peter Cook, told Associated Press that Iran has assured the United States that the crew and vessels will be returned promptly. ](/news/2016/01/12/iran-united-states-relations-iran-seizes-the-crew-of-two-small-united-states-navy-boats-near-farsi-island-in-the-persian-gulf-after-the.md) _Context: Iran, Iran-United States relations_
8. [ The United States Department of the Treasury imposes sanctions on five Iranian companies for assisting the development of the nuclear program of Iran. ](/news/2008/08/12/the-united-states-department-of-the-treasury-imposes-sanctions-on-five-iranian-companies-for-assisting-the-development-of-the-nuclear-progr.md) _Context: Iran, United States Treasury Department_
9. [Iran-Qatar relations. Qatar restores diplomatic ties with Iran. Tehran welcomes the move. ](/news/2017/08/24/iran-qatar-relations-qatar-restores-diplomatic-ties-with-iran-tehran-welcomes-the-move.md) _Context: Iran_
10. [Syrian Civil War. ISIL forces raid an Iranian Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps base in vast desert spaces of eastern Homs Governorate, Syria, manned by between 12 to 18 fighters, all but one of which are killed. ](/news/2017/08/11/syrian-civil-war-isil-forces-raid-an-iranian-islamic-revolutionary-guard-corps-base-in-vast-desert-spaces-of-eastern-homs-governorate-syri.md) _Context: Iran_
