### [2017-02-3](/news/2017/02/3/index.md)

# Per the Afghan government's request, the United Nations drops sanctions against Hezb-e Islami party leader and former Prime Minister Gulbuddin Hekmatyar. This potentially sets up his return to Afghanistan, which is   part of the  country's peace deal with its second largest militant group, signed in September 2016. 

The United Nations Security Council has dropped sanctions against Afghan strongman Gulbuddin Hekmatyar, potentially paving the way for the notorious warlord to return openly to Afghanistan.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-37438674)
2. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-afghanistan-hekmatyar-idUSKBN15J08C)

### Related:

1. [The United Nations drop sanctions on Gulbuddin Hekmatyar after his Hezb-e Islami faction and the Afghan government reached a deal in September. Hekmatyar is granted immunity in exchange for his abandoning violence and supporting the Constitution of Afghanistan. ](/news/2017/02/4/the-united-nations-drop-sanctions-on-gulbuddin-hekmatyar-after-his-hezb-e-islami-faction-and-the-afghan-government-reached-a-deal-in-septemb.md) _Context: Gulbuddin Hekmatyar, United Nations_
2. [Hezb-e-Islami, Gulbuddin Hekmatyar's faction, claims to be responsible for a suicide bomber who strikes near Kabul Airport in Afghanistan killing twelve people. ](/news/2012/09/18/hezb-e-islami-gulbuddin-hekmatyar-s-faction-claims-to-be-responsible-for-a-suicide-bomber-who-strikes-near-kabul-airport-in-afghanistan-ki.md) _Context: Gulbuddin Hekmatyar, Hezb-e Islami_
3. [The United Nations votes in favour of the Treaty on the Prohibition of Nuclear Weapons with 122 in favour, 1 abstention, and 1 against. The treaty conference and negotiations had been boycotted by the nuclear weapon states and by the members of NATO. ](/news/2017/07/7/the-united-nations-votes-in-favour-of-the-treaty-on-the-prohibition-of-nuclear-weapons-with-122-in-favour-1-abstention-and-1-against-the.md) _Context: United Nations_
4. [Several thousand Palestinians protest Israel's installation of metal detectors and a ban on  Muslim men under the age of 50 in response to the killing of two Israeli policemen last Friday at a contested Jerusalem holy place,  known to Muslims as the Noble Sanctuary and to Jews as the Temple Mount.Protest marches also held in Indonesia, Jordan, Lebanon, Malaysia, and TurkeyThree Palestinians are killed,  390 people injured with dozens hospitalized in clashes in Jerusalem and the West Bank, according to the Red Crescent.   Israeli police report five officers  are wounded.2017 Halamish stabbing attack: Three Israelis are stabbed to death by a Palestinian, according to Israeli officials.United Nations deputy spokesman Farhan Haq calls for a de-escalation of violence and tensions at this site.Egypt calls for an immediate halt to the violence underway around this  site, urging Israel to show respect for Muslim sacred sites while accusing it of fomenting these tensions.Turkish Prime Minister Binali Yildirim says his country is in dialogue with Israel to end the crisis.Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas says the Palestinian leadership will "freeze contacts" with Israel "on all levels."](/news/2017/07/21/several-thousand-palestinians-protest-israel-s-installation-of-metal-detectors-and-a-ban-on-muslim-men-under-the-age-of-50-in-response-to-t.md) _Context: United Nations_
5. [The United Nations confirms that the FARC has completed its disarmament process, with former rebels due to make the transition to civilian life and the group to transform into a legal political party in the country. ](/news/2017/06/26/the-united-nations-confirms-that-the-farc-has-completed-its-disarmament-process-with-former-rebels-due-to-make-the-transition-to-civilian-l.md) _Context: United Nations_
6. [The United Nations Human Rights Council conducts a periodic review of the human rights situation in the Philippines. ](/news/2017/05/8/the-united-nations-human-rights-council-conducts-a-periodic-review-of-the-human-rights-situation-in-the-philippines.md) _Context: United Nations_
7. [Philippine vice president Leni Robredo faces an impeachment charge before the House of Representatives for condemning the country's war on drugs at the United Nations. ](/news/2017/05/2/philippine-vice-president-leni-robredo-faces-an-impeachment-charge-before-the-house-of-representatives-for-condemning-the-country-s-war-on-d.md) _Context: United Nations_
8. [According to the International Committee of the Red Cross, at least 115 human bodies are discovered in the border town of Bangassou, more than previously thought. A few days prior, militias attacked the town, with the United Nations reporting that at least 26 people were killed. ](/news/2017/05/17/according-to-the-international-committee-of-the-red-cross-at-least-115-human-bodies-are-discovered-in-the-border-town-of-bangassou-more-th.md) _Context: United Nations_
9. [The United Nations announces expansion of civilian camps for people fleeing Mosul, following resumption of airstrikes  on ISIL-held portions of the Iraqi city. ](/news/2017/04/4/the-united-nations-announces-expansion-of-civilian-camps-for-people-fleeing-mosul-following-resumption-of-airstrikes-on-isil-held-portions.md) _Context: United Nations_
10. [The United Nations MONUSCO reports that 20 Chowe-Pende community members have been killed in clashes with the Lulua-Luba community in Kasai-Central, Democratic Republic of Congo. ](/news/2017/04/26/the-united-nations-monusco-reports-that-20-chowe-pende-community-members-have-been-killed-in-clashes-with-the-lulua-luba-community-in-kasaa.md) _Context: United Nations_
