### [2017-02-3](/news/2017/02/3/index.md)

# The United States Department of the Treasury announces new sanctions against Iran in response to the latter's recent ballistic missile test. Thirteen people and twelve entities with ties to Iran have been affected. 

Rio gold medalist Kyle Snyder among Americans prohibited from competing.


### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/a/iran-us-new-sanctions-treasury-missile-test/28277671.html)
2. [The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/sports/iran-bars-us-wrestlers-from-tournament-in-response-to-trumps-travel-ban/2017/02/03/234c4e88-ea28-11e6-80c2-30e57e57e05d_story.html)

### Related:

1. [The United States Navy says the USS ''Thunderbolt'' fired a warning shot at an Iranian patrol boat after it came within 150 yards of the U.S. ship. ](/news/2017/07/25/the-united-states-navy-says-the-uss-thunderbolt-fired-a-warning-shot-at-an-iranian-patrol-boat-after-it-came-within-150-yards-of-the-u-s.md) _Context: Iran, Iran-United States relations_
2. [The United States Senate passed by an overwhelming majority a bill ramping-up sanctions against Russia and against Iran. Language in the measure also reaffirms United States' commitment to NATO. ](/news/2017/06/16/the-united-states-senate-passed-by-an-overwhelming-majority-a-bill-ramping-up-sanctions-against-russia-and-against-iran-language-in-the-mea.md) _Context: Iran, Iran-United States relations_
3. [Ayatollah Khamenei warns that Iran will retaliate if sanctions that breach the Nuclear Deal are approved. ](/news/2016/11/23/ayatollah-khamenei-warns-that-iran-will-retaliate-if-sanctions-that-breach-the-nuclear-deal-are-approved.md) _Context: Iran, Iran-United States relations_
4. [The Foreign Minister of Iran Mohammad Javad Zarif says that the country's missile program would not be up for discussion. This comes as United States Secretary of State John Kerry said last Thursday that the United States and its allies would only address Iran's concerns in the region if it makes it clear to all involved that it was prepared to cease provocative ballistic missile launches and tests. ](/news/2016/04/10/the-foreign-minister-of-iran-mohammad-javad-zarif-says-that-the-country-s-missile-program-would-not-be-up-for-discussion-this-comes-as-unit.md) _Context: Iran, Iran-United States relations_
5. [Iran releases four Iranian-American prisoners including ''Washington Post'' reporter Jason Rezaian and Christian pastor Saeed Abedini. The United States is to release seven Iranian-Americans held in the United States for violating sanctions against Iran. ](/news/2016/01/16/iran-releases-four-iranian-american-prisoners-including-washington-post-reporter-jason-rezaian-and-christian-pastor-saeed-abedini-the-u.md) _Context: Iran, Iran-United States relations_
6. [Iran seizes the crew of two small United States Navy boats near Farsi Island, in the Persian Gulf, after they had allegedly entered Iranian waters. Pentagon spokesman, Peter Cook, told Associated Press that Iran has assured the United States that the crew and vessels will be returned promptly. ](/news/2016/01/12/iran-seizes-the-crew-of-two-small-united-states-navy-boats-near-farsi-island-in-the-persian-gulf-after-they-had-allegedly-entered-iranian.md) _Context: Iran, Iran-United States relations_
7. [ The United States Department of the Treasury imposes sanctions on five Iranian companies for assisting the development of the nuclear program of Iran. ](/news/2008/08/12/the-united-states-department-of-the-treasury-imposes-sanctions-on-five-iranian-companies-for-assisting-the-development-of-the-nuclear-progr.md) _Context: Iran, United States Department of the Treasury_
8. [Negotiators from the Democratic and Republican parties agree on new sanctions against Russia, Iran, and  North Korea. Both chambers of the United States Congress are scheduled to vote on passage on Tuesday. ](/news/2017/07/22/negotiators-from-the-democratic-and-republican-parties-agree-on-new-sanctions-against-russia-iran-and-north-korea-both-chambers-of-the-u.md) _Context: Iran_
9. [Bahrain, Egypt, Libya, the Maldives, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates, and the internationally recognized government of Yemen sever diplomatic ties with Qatar, ordering Qatari citizens in those countries to be expelled as well as cutting all land, air and sea connections. "National security," "media incitement" and Qatar's support of Iran are variously cited. ](/news/2017/06/5/bahrain-egypt-libya-the-maldives-saudi-arabia-the-united-arab-emirates-and-the-internationally-recognized-government-of-yemen-sever-di.md) _Context: Iran_
10. [A temperature of 53.7degC (128.7degF) is recorded during the 2017 heat wave in Ahvaz, Khuzestan Province, breaking Iran's previous record and becoming one of the highest temperatures ever recorded on Earth. ](/news/2017/06/30/a-temperature-of-53-7adegc-128-7adegf-is-recorded-during-the-2017-heat-wave-in-ahvaz-khuzestan-province-breaking-iran-s-previous-record-and.md) _Context: Iran_
