### [2017-02-3](/news/2017/02/3/index.md)

# The High Court of Australia rules that Rod Culleton was ineligible for election as a candidate for Pauline Hanson's One Nation Party in Western Australia in the Federal election and is ineligible to serve in the Senate of Australia. 

After a protracted legal battle that began almost as soon as he was elected, Rod Culleton&#039;s election has been ruled ineligible by the High Court.


### Source:

1. [Canberra Times](http://www.canberratimes.com.au/federal-politics/political-news/rodney-culleton-was-never-elected-to-senate-high-court-rules-20170202-gu4kfu.html)

### Related:

1. [Australian Senate special election in Western Australia, 2014:: Voters in the Australian state of Western Australia go to the polls for a Federal Senate election. ](/news/2014/04/5/australian-senate-special-election-in-western-australia-2014-voters-in-the-australian-state-of-western-australia-go-to-the-polls-for-a-fe.md) _Context: Senate of Australia, Western Australia_
2. [Australian federal election, 2013:: The High Court of Australia rules that the Senate election in the state of Western Australia was void, meaning that a half-Senate election will be held in that state. ](/news/2014/02/20/australian-federal-election-2013-the-high-court-of-australia-rules-that-the-senate-election-in-the-state-of-western-australia-was-void-m.md) _Context: High Court of Australia, Western Australia_
3. [Justice Kenneth Hayne of the High Court of Australia voids the Senate election in the state of Western Australia due to the loss of ballot papers in a very close election. ](/news/2014/02/18/justice-kenneth-hayne-of-the-high-court-of-australia-voids-the-senate-election-in-the-state-of-western-australia-due-to-the-loss-of-ballot-p.md) _Context: High Court of Australia, Western Australia_
4. [The Australian Electoral Commission petitions the High Court of Australia for a new Senate election in the state of Western Australia due to the loss of 1,370 ballot papers and the closeness of the result. ](/news/2013/11/15/the-australian-electoral-commission-petitions-the-high-court-of-australia-for-a-new-senate-election-in-the-state-of-western-australia-due-to.md) _Context: High Court of Australia, Western Australia_
5. [The night parrot is confirmed sighted (and photographed) in Western Australia for first time in nearly 100 years. ](/news/2017/03/23/the-night-parrot-is-confirmed-sighted-and-photographed-in-western-australia-for-first-time-in-nearly-100-years.md) _Context: Western Australia_
6. [Australian federal election, 2016: Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull's Liberal/National coalition, behind Bill Shorten's Labor Party in the first 48 hours following Saturday's election, is now ahead of Labor in the Lower House, 74-71 seats; 76 seats are needed to form a government. Minor parties and independents have won five seats; mail-in and absentee votes are still being counted. Turnbull is on the road today seeking support from a small handful of independent and small party lawmakers. ](/news/2016/07/7/australian-federal-election-2016-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-s-liberal-national-coalition-behind-bill-shorten-s-labor-part.md) _Context: Federal election_
7. [Australian federal election, 2016: Standard & Poor's drops Australia's debt outlook from stable to negative following the country's surprisingly close election this weekend. ](/news/2016/07/6/australian-federal-election-2016-standard-poor-s-drops-australia-s-debt-outlook-from-stable-to-negative-following-the-country-s-surprisi.md) _Context: Federal election_
8. [Australian federal election, 2016: The election deadlock continues as neither Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull nor opposition leader Bill Shorten has the minimum number of Lower House seats (76) needed to form a government. Shorten leads Turnbull, 71-67, with only six seats undecided. ](/news/2016/07/4/australian-federal-election-2016-the-election-deadlock-continues-as-neither-australian-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-nor-opposition-lead.md) _Context: Federal election_
9. [Australian federal election, 2016: Australians vote to elect a government for the next three years. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, leader of the conservative Liberal Party-led Coalition, dissolved both houses of Parliament in May in a bid for a Senate more friendly to his agenda. The final result showed the Coalition with a bare 1 seat majority in the House with 76 seats and the Australian Labor Party with 69 seats. ](/news/2016/07/2/australian-federal-election-2016-australians-vote-to-elect-a-government-for-the-next-three-years-prime-minister-malcolm-turnbull-leader.md) _Context: Federal election_
10. [Australian federal election, 2016: The Leader of the Opposition, Bill Shorten, concedes defeat as continued counting in marginal seats indicates that the governing coalition of the Liberal Party and National Party will either win a narrow majority or be able to govern with the support of independents. Malcolm Turnbull will continue as Prime Minister of Australia and has claimed victory. ](/news/2016/07/10/australian-federal-election-2016-the-leader-of-the-opposition-bill-shorten-concedes-defeat-as-continued-counting-in-marginal-seats-indic.md) _Context: Federal election_
