### [2017-02-3](/news/2017/02/3/index.md)

# War in Afghanistan (2015-present): According to Afghan Police, eight of their forces have been killed by the Taliban at a checkpoint in Faryab Province. 




### Source:

1. [Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty](http://www.rferl.org/a/afghanistan-taliban-attacks-faryab/28277153.html)

### Related:

1. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Twelve Afghan National Police officers are killed in a Taliban "infiltration attack" in the southern Helmand Province. ](/news/2017/02/28/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-twelve-afghan-national-police-officers-are-killed-in-a-taliban-infiltration-attack-in-the-southern-he.md) _Context: Afghan police, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
2. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): According to officials, at least 11 people, mostly police officers, are killed outside a mosque in Jowzjan Province in an ambush by militants. The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2017/02/25/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-according-to-officials-at-least-11-people-mostly-police-officers-are-killed-outside-a-mosque-in-jowz.md) _Context: Afghan police, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
3. [ War in Afghanistan (2015-present): At least 11 Afghan policemen are killed in a suspected Taliban attack on security checkpoints in Helmand province. ](/news/2016/05/30/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-at-least-11-afghan-policemen-are-killed-in-a-suspected-taliban-attack-on-security-checkpoints-in-helma.md) _Context: Afghan police, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
4. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Heavy fighting continues in the north of Afghanistan as Taliban fighters intensify their attacks in several districts around Kunduz in their bid to retake the city. According to a police chief, militants overnight attacked several police checkpoints in the southwest outskirts of the city while government forces repelled a major attack to the east of Kunduz. ](/news/2016/04/17/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-heavy-fighting-continues-in-the-north-of-afghanistan-as-taliban-fighters-intensify-their-attacks-in-sev.md) _Context: Afghan police, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
5. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): According to a police chief, at least 40 Taliban fighters are killed after launching an offensive against Afghan security forces to seize the strategic northern city of Kunduz while four security force personnel are also killed. ](/news/2016/04/16/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-according-to-a-police-chief-at-least-40-taliban-fighters-are-killed-after-launching-an-offensive-again.md) _Context: Afghan police, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
6. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A battle rages in the Kunduz Province of Afghanistan as the Taliban launches its spring offensive to capture the city of Kunduz. According to a Taliban spokesperson, several outposts already fell to them but this could not be verified immediately while a police chief says that the security forces were keeping "the situation under control". ](/news/2016/04/15/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-battle-rages-in-the-kunduz-province-of-afghanistan-as-the-taliban-launches-its-spring-offensive-to-ca.md) _Context: Afghan police, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
7. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): Taliban militants kill eight people, including a police commander, in an ambush in northern Afghanistan. ](/news/2016/04/14/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-taliban-militants-kill-eight-people-including-a-police-commander-in-an-ambush-in-northern-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghan police, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
8. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): A suicide bomber kills 12 new police recruits in the Nangarhar Province of Afghanistan. The Taliban claims responsibility for the attack. ](/news/2016/04/11/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-a-suicide-bomber-kills-12-new-police-recruits-in-the-nangarhar-province-of-afghanistan-the-taliban-cla.md) _Context: Afghan police, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
9. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): The Taliban kill 22 policemen and kidnap 19 others, including the district-s security chief, during clashes with Afghan troops who kill 12 of the insurgents in the battle in Faryab Province in northern Afghanistan. ](/news/2015/10/20/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-the-taliban-kill-22-policemen-and-kidnap-19-others-including-the-district-s-security-chief-during-c.md) _Context: Faryab Province, Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
10. [War in Afghanistan (2015-present): An Afghan soldier kills 3 U.S. troops and injures 1 other in Achin, Nangarhar Province. The Taliban claims responsibility, saying the Afghan soldier was one of several Taliban infiltrators in the Afghan Armed Forces. ](/news/2017/06/10/war-in-afghanistan-2015-present-an-afghan-soldier-kills-3-u-s-troops-and-injures-1-other-in-achin-nangarhar-province-the-taliban-cla.md) _Context: Taliban, War in Afghanistan (2015-present)_
