### [2008-02-7](/news/2008/02/7/index.md)

#  British Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri will be extradited to the United States to face terror charges. 




### Source:

1. [BBC News](http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/uk_news/7233671.stm)

### Related:

1. [ The City of Westminster Magistrates' Court rules Egyptian-born Muslim cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri can be extradited from the United Kingdom to the United States, where he is accused of terrorism. ](/news/2007/11/15/the-city-of-westminster-magistrates-court-rules-egyptian-born-muslim-cleric-abu-hamza-al-masri-can-be-extradited-from-the-united-kingdom-t.md) _Context: Abu Hamza al-Masri, Muslim, United States, extradited_
2. [The prime ministers of Britain and France joined condemnation around the globe of U.S. Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump-s call for a -total and complete ban- on Muslims entering the United States. ](/news/2015/12/8/the-prime-ministers-of-britain-and-france-joined-condemnation-around-the-globe-of-u-s-republican-presidential-candidate-donald-trump-s-ca.md) _Context: Muslim, United States_
3. [The "Detroit Free Press" reports, following this week's election, Hamtramck, Michigan, will apparently be the first city in the United States to be governed by Muslims, three of Bangladeshi descent and one Yemeni. Community leader Bill Meyer, who is not Muslim, said the influx of Muslims to Hamtramck has "helped bring stability, security and sobriety while lessening the amount of drugs and crime in the city." ](/news/2015/11/8/the-detroit-free-press-reports-following-this-week-s-election-hamtramck-michigan-will-apparently-be-the-first-city-in-the-united-state.md) _Context: Muslim, United States_
4. [The appellate prosecutors office in the Polish city of Krakow decides not to appeal a decision against extraditing filmmaker Roman Polanski to the United States to face prosecution for historic child sex offences. ](/news/2015/11/27/the-appellate-prosecutors-office-in-the-polish-city-of-krakow-decides-not-to-appeal-a-decision-against-extraditing-filmmaker-roman-polanski.md) _Context: United States, extradited_
5. [The European Union narrowly votes (285-281) to recommend that its 28 member nations drop criminal charges against Edward Snowden and protect him from U.S. extradition and to recognize him as a defender of human rights because of his revelations regarding U.S. and British spying. ](/news/2015/10/29/the-european-union-narrowly-votes-285-281-to-recommend-that-its-28-member-nations-drop-criminal-charges-against-edward-snowden-and-prote.md) _Context: United States, extradited_
6. [At a court in New York City, a US District Judge sentences the radical imam Abu Hamza al-Masri to a life sentence for terrorism offences in the United States. ](/news/2015/01/9/at-a-court-in-new-york-city-a-us-district-judge-sentences-the-radical-imam-abu-hamza-al-masri-to-a-life-sentence-for-terrorism-offences-in.md) _Context: Abu Hamza al-Masri, United States_
7. [The British High Court rules that Islamist cleric Abu Hamza al-Masri and four other suspected terrorists can be immediately extradited to the United States to face trial on charges of terrorism. ](/news/2012/10/5/the-british-high-court-rules-that-islamist-cleric-abu-hamza-al-masri-and-four-other-suspected-terrorists-can-be-immediately-extradited-to-th.md) _Context: Abu Hamza al-Masri, United States_
8. [Canadian Abdullah Khadr, charged with terrorism by the United States and jailed in Canada since 2005, is released from prison after a Canadian judge declines an extradition attempt by the United States. ](/news/2010/08/4/canadian-abdullah-khadr-charged-with-terrorism-by-the-united-states-and-jailed-in-canada-since-2005-is-released-from-prison-after-a-canadi.md) _Context: United States, extradited_
9. [The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) and the Center for Constitutional Rights (CCR) both sue the United States (US) after it bans lawyers from a case taken by the father of Muslim cleric Anwar al-Awlaki against the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA), which has labelled him a "specially designated global terrorist". ](/news/2010/08/3/the-american-civil-liberties-union-aclu-and-the-center-for-constitutional-rights-ccr-both-sue-the-united-states-us-after-it-bans-lawye.md) _Context: Muslim, United States_
10. [Muslims protest outside the United States embassy in Jakarta about plans by the Dove World Outreach Center in Gainesville, Florida to burn Korans on the 9th anniversary of the September 11 attacks. ](/news/2010/08/27/muslims-protest-outside-the-united-states-embassy-in-jakarta-about-plans-by-the-dove-world-outreach-center-in-gainesville-florida-to-burn-k.md) _Context: Muslim, United States_
