### [2008-02-7](/news/2008/02/7/index.md)

#  The United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and United Kingdom Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs David Miliband visit Afghanistan. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5ijDA5bgxiHlTvS_r-SSjskS1Tq1wD8UL9GC00)

### Related:

1. [Former British Foreign Secretary David Miliband confirms he is to resign as an MP and move to the United States to become head of the International Rescue Committee in New York. ](/news/2013/03/26/former-british-foreign-secretary-david-miliband-confirms-he-is-to-resign-as-an-mp-and-move-to-the-united-states-to-become-head-of-the-intern.md) _Context: Britain, David Miliband, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
2. [William Hague, the United Kingdom Foreign Secretary, says that British soldiers should be out of Afghanistan by 2014. ](/news/2010/07/20/william-hague-the-united-kingdom-foreign-secretary-says-that-british-soldiers-should-be-out-of-afghanistan-by-2014.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Britain, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
3. [ The United Kingdom asks United States Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice to release five residents of the UK from the Guantanamo Bay detention camp. ](/news/2007/08/7/the-united-kingdom-asks-united-states-secretary-of-state-condoleezza-rice-to-release-five-residents-of-the-uk-from-the-guantanamo-bay-deten.md) _Context: Britain, Condoleezza Rice, United States Secretary of State_
4. [ ''Premiership of Gordon Brown, United Kingdom:'' In a major Cabinet reshuffle, every person's post is changed, bar one. Alistair Darling becomes Chancellor of the Exchequer, David Miliband becomes Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs, and Jacqui Smith becomes the first female Secretary of State for the Home Department. Alan Johnson takes Health, Jack Straw takes Justice and First Secretary of State, Hilary Benn takes Environment, Des Browne remains as Defence Secretary but also becomes Secretary of State for Scotland, and Ruth Kelly takes Transport. Douglas Alexander takes Secretary of State for International Development; Peter Hain remains Secretary of State for Wales but also becomes Work and Pensions Secretary; Shaun Woodward becomes Northern Ireland Secretary; John Hutton takes Business, Enterprise and Regulatory Reform Secretary; Hazel Blears takes Communities Secretary and Minister for Equality; James Purnell takes Secretary of State for Children, Schools and Families; and Tessa Jowell becomes Minister for the Olympics and will only attend Cabinet when required. Baroness Ashton becomes Leader of the House of Lords; Harriet Harman&mdash;Labour's deputy leader&mdash;becomes Leader of the House of Commons and Minister for Women; whilst Ed Balls becomes Children, Schools and Families Secretary. John Denham becomes Innovation, University and Skills Secretary; and Baroness Scotland becomes the new Attorney General of England and Wales. The Cabinet is set to change. ](/news/2007/06/28/premiership-of-gordon-brown-united-kingdom-p-in-a-major-cabinet-reshuffle-every-person-s-post-is-changed-bar-one-p-alistair-darling.md) _Context: Britain, David Miliband, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
5. [The Taliban, in a statement claiming responsibility for yesterday's rocket attacks into Kabul, Afghanistan, says the intended target was U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry, who was in the capital to help defuse a crisis within the unity government.  Kerry had departed less than an hour earlier. No casualties have been reported. ](/news/2016/04/10/the-taliban-in-a-statement-claiming-responsibility-for-yesterday-s-rocket-attacks-into-kabul-afghanistan-says-the-intended-target-was-u-s.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, United States Secretary of State_
6. [British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond says 74-year old Karl Andree, who was facing 350 lashes in Saudi Arabia after being caught with homemade wine in his car, will be released within a week. ](/news/2015/10/29/british-foreign-secretary-philip-hammond-says-74-year-old-karl-andree-who-was-facing-350-lashes-in-saudi-arabia-after-being-caught-with-hom.md) _Context: Britain, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
7. [War in Afghanistan:A suicide bomber kills 5 in a targeted attack on a British embassy vehicle in Kabul, Afghanistan. ](/news/2014/11/27/war-in-afghanistan-pa-suicide-bomber-kills-5-in-a-targeted-attack-on-a-british-embassy-vehicle-in-kabul-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Britain_
8. [William Hague stands down as the United Kingdom Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs as part of a cabinet reshuffle by Prime Minister David Cameron. ](/news/2014/07/14/william-hague-stands-down-as-the-united-kingdom-secretary-of-state-for-foreign-and-commonwealth-affairs-as-part-of-a-cabinet-reshuffle-by-pr.md) _Context: Britain, Secretary of State for Foreign and Commonwealth Affairs_
9. [Five British ISAF personnel are killed in a military helicopter crash in Kandahar province in southern Afghanistan. ](/news/2014/04/26/five-british-isaf-personnel-are-killed-in-a-military-helicopter-crash-in-kandahar-province-in-southern-afghanistan.md) _Context: Afghanistan's, Britain_
10. [United States Secretary of State John Kerry and Russian Foreign Affairs Minister Sergey Lavrov meet in London, United Kingdom, to discuss the current Crimean crisis. ](/news/2014/03/14/united-states-secretary-of-state-john-kerry-and-russian-foreign-affairs-minister-sergey-lavrov-meet-in-london-united-kingdom-to-discuss-th.md) _Context: Britain, United States Secretary of State_
