### [2007-10-30](/news/2007/10/30/index.md)

#  An International Space Station solar wing relocated by the crew of STS-120 is torn during deployment. 




### Source:

1. [spaceflightnow.com](http://www.spaceflightnow.com/shuttle/sts120/071030fd8/index7.html)

### Related:

1. [ Space Shuttle ''Discovery'' lands at the Kennedy Space Center, ending STS-120, a 15-day mission to the International Space Station. ](/news/2007/11/7/space-shuttle-discovery-lands-at-the-kennedy-space-center-ending-sts-120-a-15-day-mission-to-the-international-space-station.md) _Context: International Space Station, STS-120_
2. [ Space Shuttle ''Discovery'' successfully lifts off from Kennedy Space Center in Florida in the United States. The Shuttle was carrying the STS-120 crew on an assembly mission to the International Space Station, as well as the Harmony module. ](/news/2007/10/23/space-shuttle-discovery-successfully-lifts-off-from-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-in-the-united-states-the-shuttle-was-carrying-the.md) _Context: International Space Station, STS-120_
3. [SpaceX launches a recycled Falcon 9 rocket with a   shipment of food and supplies in a refurbished Dragon cargo capsule for the International Space Station. Dragon 9 first connected with the ISS during a Sept. 21, 2014, mission. ](/news/2017/06/3/spacex-launches-a-recycled-falcon-9-rocket-with-a-shipment-of-food-and-supplies-in-a-refurbished-dragon-cargo-capsule-for-the-internationa.md) _Context: International Space Station_
4. [Rocket Lab launches its 3D-printed Electron rocket on a test flight from   Mahia Peninsula in New Zealand.  This is the first launch from New Zealand and the first from a private facility. Electron is 17 meters high, is intended for frequent launches of small payloads, and costs $5 million per liftoff. SpaceX's Falcon 9 stands at 70 meters, carries up to  22,800 kilograms to the ISS, and costs $62 million per launch. ](/news/2017/05/25/rocket-lab-launches-its-3d-printed-electron-rocket-on-a-test-flight-from-mahia-peninsula-in-new-zealand-this-is-the-first-launch-from-n.md) _Context: International Space Station_
5. [Peggy Whitson, commander of the International Space Station (ISS), breaks the record for most total days spent in space by any NASA astronaut, at more than 534 days. ](/news/2017/04/24/peggy-whitson-commander-of-the-international-space-station-iss-breaks-the-record-for-most-total-days-spent-in-space-by-any-nasa-astronau.md) _Context: International Space Station_
6. [SpaceX successfully places the SES-10 telecommunications satellite on a geostationary transfer orbit. The event is notable because of the implied economic cost savings of reusing, for the first time, a used Falcon 9 first stage which had previously been recovered. That first stage had previously launched a Dragon spacecraft to the International Space Station and landed on an autonomous drone ship during the CRS-8 mission. ](/news/2017/03/30/spacex-successfully-places-the-ses-10-telecommunications-satellite-on-a-geostationary-transfer-orbit-the-event-is-notable-because-of-the-im.md) _Context: International Space Station_
7. [NASA astronaut Shane Kimbrough and ESA astronaut Thomas Pesquet take a spacewalk outside of the International Space Station to prepare the vessel for new arrivals. ](/news/2017/03/24/nasa-astronaut-shane-kimbrough-and-esa-astronaut-thomas-pesquet-take-a-spacewalk-outside-of-the-international-space-station-to-prepare-the-v.md) _Context: International Space Station_
8. [SpaceX successfully launches a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center, placing a Dragon spacecraft in orbit and recovering the launcher's first stage. The spacecraft will resupply the International Space Station.](/news/2017/02/19/spacex-successfully-launches-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-placing-a-dragon-spacecraft-in-orbit-and-recovering-the-launcher-s.md) _Context: International Space Station_
9. [SpaceX delays the launch of a Falcon 9 rocket from Kennedy Space Center in Florida due to a technical issue. The Falcon 9 will resupply the International Space Station. ](/news/2017/02/18/spacex-delays-the-launch-of-a-falcon-9-rocket-from-kennedy-space-center-in-florida-due-to-a-technical-issue-the-falcon-9-will-resupply-the.md) _Context: International Space Station_
10. [JAXA launches the unmanned  cargo spacecraft Kounotori 6, also known as HTV-6, from the Tanegashima Space Center to resupply the International Space Station. ](/news/2016/12/9/jaxa-launches-the-unmanned-cargo-spacecraft-kounotori-6-also-known-as-htv-6-from-the-tanegashima-space-center-to-resupply-the-internation.md) _Context: International Space Station_
