### [2007-10-30](/news/2007/10/30/index.md)

#  Six people are killed and 11 injured in a suicide bomb attack near Pakistan Army headquarters in Rawalpindi.{{Fact|date=December 2007}} 




### Related:

1. [A suicide bomb attack on a Shiite mosque in Rawalpindi, Pakistan, kills at least seven people. Militants linked to the Taliban and al-Qaeda have previously attacked the country's Shiite minority. ](/news/2015/01/10/a-suicide-bomb-attack-on-a-shiite-mosque-in-rawalpindi-pakistan-kills-at-least-seven-people-militants-linked-to-the-taliban-and-al-qaeda.md) _Context: Rawalpindi, suicide bomb_
2. [At least 24 Pakistan Army soldiers are killed and 5 are injured after their bus crashes into a ravine in Rawalpindi, Pakistan. ](/news/2013/03/16/at-least-24-pakistan-army-soldiers-are-killed-and-5-are-injured-after-their-bus-crashes-into-a-ravine-in-rawalpindi-pakistan.md) _Context: Pakistan Army, Rawalpindi_
3. [A suicide bomber kills at least six people and wounds 18  near a Pakistan Army vehicle taking part in the census in the city of Lahore. ](/news/2017/04/5/a-suicide-bomber-kills-at-least-six-people-and-wounds-18-near-a-pakistan-army-vehicle-taking-part-in-the-census-in-the-city-of-lahore.md) _Context: Pakistan Army_
4. [In response to yesterday's bombing at the Shrine of Lal Shahbaz Qalandar that killed 88 people, the Pakistan Army claims to have killed more than 100 terrorists and arrested many others. ](/news/2017/02/17/in-response-to-yesterday-s-bombing-at-the-shrine-of-lal-shahbaz-qalandar-that-killed-88-people-the-pakistan-army-claims-to-have-killed-more.md) _Context: Pakistan Army_
5. [At least three Pakistan Army soldiers are killed by the Indian Army, while separate clashes kill three Indian Army soldiers and one suspected militant, at the Line of Control. ](/news/2017/02/14/at-least-three-pakistan-army-soldiers-are-killed-by-the-indian-army-while-separate-clashes-kill-three-indian-army-soldiers-and-one-suspecte.md) _Context: Pakistan Army_
6. [Indonesian police kill three people in a gunfight south of Jakarta after a bomb is found. Fourteen people are arrested in connection to alleged involvement in plans for suicide bomb attacks. ](/news/2016/12/21/indonesian-police-kill-three-people-in-a-gunfight-south-of-jakarta-after-a-bomb-is-found-fourteen-people-are-arrested-in-connection-to-alle.md) _Context: suicide bomb_
7. [Pakistan Army's Inter-Services Public Relations (ISPR) reports seven Pakistani soldiers have been killed by Indian cross-border shelling in Bhimber District, Azad Kashmir. ](/news/2016/11/14/pakistan-army-s-inter-services-public-relations-ispr-reports-seven-pakistani-soldiers-have-been-killed-by-indian-cross-border-shelling-in.md) _Context: Pakistan Army_
8. [Afghan and Pakistani soldiers clash at the Torkham border crossing between the two countries, leaving one Afghan soldier and a Pakistani major killed. At least 22 other people were also injured. Tensions between Afghanistan and Pakistan have grown since the latter's attempts to build a gate at the crossing. ](/news/2016/06/14/afghan-and-pakistani-soldiers-clash-at-the-torkham-border-crossing-between-the-two-countries-leaving-one-afghan-soldier-and-a-pakistani-maj.md) _Context: Pakistan Army_
9. [At least two people are killed and 12 injured after a suicide bomb attack on a police training center in Helmand Province. ](/news/2016/05/14/at-least-two-people-are-killed-and-12-injured-after-a-suicide-bomb-attack-on-a-police-training-center-in-helmand-province.md) _Context: suicide bomb_
10. [Six high ranking Pakistan Army officers, including a lieutenant-general and major-general, are sacked by Chief of Army Staff Raheel Sharif amid corruption allegations within the army. Sharif said corruption had to be uprooted to fight terrorism. ](/news/2016/04/21/six-high-ranking-pakistan-army-officers-including-a-lieutenant-general-and-major-general-are-sacked-by-chief-of-army-staff-raheel-sharif-a.md) _Context: Pakistan Army_
