### [2007-10-30](/news/2007/10/30/index.md)

#  The United States Supreme Court halts an execution in Mississippi pending its decision as to whether lethal injections are a form of cruel and unusual punishment. 




### Source:

1. [AP via Google News](http://ap.google.com/article/ALeqM5gNMfTAgo2wISWbI5r2g7fwS2wR4QD8SJRAFG0)

### Related:

1. [ The United States Supreme Court upholds the constitutionality of lethal injection as a form of capital punishment over Eighth Amendment "cruel and unusual punishment" challenges. ](/news/2008/04/16/the-united-states-supreme-court-upholds-the-constitutionality-of-lethal-injection-as-a-form-of-capital-punishment-over-eighth-amendment-cr.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court, lethal injection_
2. [ The Supreme Court of the United States hears arguments on whether execution by lethal injection is a violation of the Constitution's ban on "cruel and unusual punishment." ](/news/2008/01/7/the-supreme-court-of-the-united-states-hears-arguments-on-whether-execution-by-lethal-injection-is-a-violation-of-the-constitution-s-ban-on.md) _Context: cruel and unusual punishment, lethal injection_
3. [ The execution of Mark Dean Schwab in Florida is suspended while the United States Supreme Court decides if lethal injection is unconstitutional. ](/news/2007/11/15/the-execution-of-mark-dean-schwab-in-florida-is-suspended-while-the-united-states-supreme-court-decides-if-lethal-injection-is-unconstituti.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court, lethal injection_
4. [Eight people, including a Lincoln County Sheriff's Department deputy, are fatally shot overnight at  three locations in rural Mississippi. A suspect is in custody; he says he intended for this to be, "suicide by cop." ](/news/2017/05/28/eight-people-including-a-lincoln-county-sheriff-s-department-deputy-are-fatally-shot-overnight-at-three-locations-in-rural-mississippi-a.md) _Context: Mississippi_
5. [Multiple tornadoes tear through New Orleans, Baton Rouge, and other parts of  southeastern Louisiana, injuring at least 20 people; no deaths have been reported. The severe weather also delivers heavy rain and hail in Mississippi and Alabama.  ](/news/2017/02/7/multiple-tornadoes-tear-through-new-orleans-baton-rouge-and-other-parts-of-southeastern-louisiana-injuring-at-least-20-people-no-deaths.md) _Context: Mississippi_
6. [United States Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg apologizes for remarks she made earlier in the week to a number of news outlets criticizing presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump. ](/news/2016/07/14/united-states-supreme-court-justice-ruth-bader-ginsburg-apologizes-for-remarks-she-made-earlier-in-the-week-to-a-number-of-news-outlets-crit.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
7. [ The United States Supreme Court strikes down a Puerto Rican law that would have allowed it to restructure the debts of its public utilities over the objections of creditors.  Puerto Rico's agencies have a $2 billion debt payment due July 1 and has already defaulted on a $370 million debt payment for its Government Development Bank back on May 1.  ](/news/2016/06/13/the-united-states-supreme-court-strikes-down-a-puerto-rican-law-that-would-have-allowed-it-to-restructure-the-debts-of-its-public-utilities.md) _Context: United States Supreme Court_
8. [A group of United States mayors forms ''"Mayors Against Discrimination"'' in the wake of  recent discriminatory laws enacted  in North Carolina and Mississippi against LBGT individuals. The founding members are city leaders from Honolulu, New York City, Philadelphia, Portland, Oakland, San Francisco, Sante Fe, Seattle, Tampa, and Washington, D.C. ](/news/2016/04/8/a-group-of-united-states-mayors-forms-mayors-against-discrimination-in-the-wake-of-recent-discriminatory-laws-enacted-in-north-carol.md) _Context: Mississippi_
9. [The Mississippi Hospitality and Restaurant Association, in response to the potential backlash from Mississippi Governor Phil Bryant's signing of the known-as ''religious freedom'' bill which permits denial of services because of religious belief, will distribute decals that say "Everyone's Welcome Here."  Mike Cashion, MHRA director, says the  bill "created a level of controversy" that affects Mississippi's image. ](/news/2016/04/7/the-mississippi-hospitality-and-restaurant-association-in-response-to-the-potential-backlash-from-mississippi-governor-phil-bryant-s-signin.md) _Context: Mississippi_
10. [The United Kingdom's Foreign Office issues a travel advisory for gay people concerning travel to parts of the United States due to new legislation in North Carolina and Mississippi.  ](/news/2016/04/20/the-united-kingdom-s-foreign-office-issues-a-travel-advisory-for-gay-people-concerning-travel-to-parts-of-the-united-states-due-to-new-legis.md) _Context: Mississippi_
