### [2016-06-11](/news/2016/06/11/index.md)

# American singer Christina Grimmie, best known for her appearances on "The Voice", dies after having been shot at a concert venue in the city of Orlando, Florida. 

Orlando police were searching for a motive Saturday evening, hours after naming a 27-year-old Florida man as the killer of ‘Voice’ star singer Christina Grimmie after a Friday concert.


### Source:

1. [Fox News](http://www.foxnews.com/us/2016/06/11/ex-voice-contestant-christina-grimmie-dies-after-concert-shooting.html)

### Related:

1. [Christina Grimmie, a YouTube star and former contestant on "The Voice", is shot dead by an "infatuated" fan as she signed autographs following a concert appearance with Before You Exit at The Plaza Live in Orlando, Florida. The shooter, 27-year-old Kevin James Loibl, shot himself dead after being tackled by Grimmie's Brother. Grimmie died in a hospital just before 11 p.m. ](/news/2016/06/10/christina-grimmie-a-youtube-star-and-former-contestant-on-the-voice-is-shot-dead-by-an-infatuated-fan-as-she-signed-autographs-followi.md) _Context: Christina Grimmie, Orlando, Florida, The Voice_
2. [City officials in Orlando, Florida, continue to identify the bodies of the victims in yesterday's attack. So far, 33 of the reported 49 victims have been identified and their families notified. ](/news/2016/06/13/city-officials-in-orlando-florida-continue-to-identify-the-bodies-of-the-victims-in-yesterday-s-attack-so-far-33-of-the-reported-49-vict.md) _Context: Orlando, Florida_
3. [In what is the deadliest mass shooting and the worst terror attack since 9/11 to occur in the United States, a mass shooting at a gay nightclub in the U.S. city of Orlando, Florida, kills at least 50 people, including the shooter, and injures 53. ](/news/2016/06/12/in-what-is-the-deadliest-mass-shooting-and-the-worst-terror-attack-since-9-11-to-occur-in-the-united-states-a-mass-shooting-at-a-gay-nightc.md) _Context: Orlando, Florida_
4. [Two people are killed and ten others are injured in a shooting outside an Orlando, Florida nightclub. ](/news/2016/02/7/two-people-are-killed-and-ten-others-are-injured-in-a-shooting-outside-an-orlando-florida-nightclub.md) _Context: Orlando, Florida_
5. [The United States Air Force unveils the Northrop Grumman B-21 long-range strategic bomber at the Air Force Association's annual Air Warfare Symposium in Orlando, Florida. The B-21 is designed to replace the aging fleet of B-1 Lancer and B-52 bombers. ](/news/2016/02/26/the-united-states-air-force-unveils-the-northrop-grumman-b-21-long-range-strategic-bomber-at-the-air-force-associationas-annual-air-warfar.md) _Context: Orlando, Florida_
6. [Singer-songwriter Josh Kaufman becomes the Season 6 winner on NBC's "The Voice" as a member of Usher's team. ](/news/2014/05/20/singer-songwriter-josh-kaufman-becomes-the-season-6-winner-on-nbc-s-the-voice-as-a-member-of-usher-s-team.md) _Context: The Voice_
7. [Jamaican reggae singer Tessanne Chin wins Season 5 of the American singing competition "The Voice". ](/news/2013/12/17/jamaican-reggae-singer-tessanne-chin-wins-season-5-of-the-american-singing-competition-the-voice.md) _Context: The Voice_
8. [Abdul-Baki Todashev, the father of Ibragim Todashev (the man who had confessed to the FBI the day before in Orlando, Florida, to working with Tamerlan Tsarnaev, the deceased older brother in the April 2013 Boston Marathon bombings, in a previously unsolved 2011 triple homicide, and subsequently while being questioned attacked an agent with a knife and was killed) claims that his son is innocent and that federal investigators are biased against Chechens and made up their case against him. ](/news/2013/05/23/abdul-baki-todashev-the-father-of-ibragim-todashev-the-man-who-had-confessed-to-the-fbi-the-day-before-in-orlando-florida-to-working-wit.md) _Context: Orlando, Florida_
9. [In Orlando, Florida, Ibragim Todashev, a suspect under FBI questioning with ties to the April 2013 Boston Marathon bombings suspects, after initially being cooperative, goes on to attack an agent (in the course of the questioning) and is shot dead as a result. ](/news/2013/05/22/in-orlando-florida-ibragim-todashev-a-suspect-under-fbi-questioning-with-ties-to-the-april-2013-boston-marathon-bombings-suspects-after.md) _Context: Orlando, Florida_
10. [James Seevakumaran, a 30-year-old student at the University of Central Florida, pulls the fire alarm and plans to attack the school. Instead, after brandishing a gun at another student, he commits suicide in his dorm in Orlando, Florida, United States. The entire campus is evacuated when improvised explosive devices are found in the room. ](/news/2013/03/18/james-seevakumaran-a-30-year-old-student-at-the-university-of-central-florida-pulls-the-fire-alarm-and-plans-to-attack-the-school-instead.md) _Context: Orlando, Florida_
