### [2016-06-11](/news/2016/06/11/index.md)

# Libyan Civil War (2014-present): Libyan forces claim to have captured the port in the city of Sirte after heavy fighting with ISIL. 

Libyan forces say they have recaptured the port in the city of Sirte, after fierce fighting with militants from so-called Islamic State.


### Source:

1. [BBC](http://www.bbc.com/news/world-africa-36505935)

### Related:

1. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): U.S. B-2 stealth bombers strike two ISIL camps, south of the city of Sirte, Libya, killing more than 80 militants, according to United States Secretary of Defense Ash Carter. ](/news/2017/01/19/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-u-s-b-2-stealth-bombers-strike-two-isil-camps-south-of-the-city-of-sirte-libya-killing-more-than-80-m.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Sirte_
2. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): An ISIL sniper in Sirte, Libya, shoots dead Dutch photographer and war correspondent Jeroen Oerlemans. ](/news/2016/10/2/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-an-isil-sniper-in-sirte-libya-shoots-dead-dutch-photographer-and-war-correspondent-jeroen-oerlemans.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Sirte_
3. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): The United States launches airstrikes on ISIL positions in the Libyan city of Sirte following a request from the UN-backed Government of National Accord. Libyan Prime Minister Fayez al-Sarraj, in a televised address, says the strikes have caused "heavy ISIL losses". ](/news/2016/08/1/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-united-states-launches-airstrikes-on-isil-positions-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte-following-a-request-f.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Sirte_
4. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant's branch in Libya attacks the Libyan oil port of Sidra, which is Libya's largest oil depot. Two members of the Petrol Facilities Guard militia, which is defending Sidra, were reportedly killed in clashes. Islamic State militants were reportedly pushed back from the port, but the group now says it controls the town of Bin Jawad, 30km west of Sidra on the road from its stronghold in Sirte. ](/news/2016/01/4/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-islamic-state-of-iraq-and-the-levant-s-branch-in-libya-attacks-the-libyan-oil-port-of-sidra-which-is.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Sirte_
5. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): Warplanes of unidentified origin carry out airstrikes on ISIS camps in the Libyan city of Sirte. ](/news/2015/10/20/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-warplanes-of-unidentified-origin-carry-out-airstrikes-on-isis-camps-in-the-libyan-city-of-sirte.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present), Sirte_
6. [ Libyan Civil War (2014-present): Egypt bombs Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant targets in the city of Derna in Libya following the execution of 21 Coptic Christians recently. ](/news/2015/02/16/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-egypt-bombs-islamic-state-in-iraq-and-the-levant-targets-in-the-city-of-derna-in-libya-following-the-exe.md) _Context: ISIL, Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
7. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): The death toll from an attack on a Libyan National Army-controlled airbase in southern Libya reportedly rises to 140 people. ](/news/2017/05/20/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-death-toll-from-an-attack-on-a-libyan-national-army-controlled-airbase-in-southern-libya-reportedly-r.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
8. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): The Benghazi Defense Brigades, an ally of the Shura Council of Benghazi Revolutionaries, claims to have captured five cities and two oil-production areas from forces loyal to Khalifa Haftar in the east of Libya. ](/news/2017/03/4/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-the-benghazi-defense-brigades-an-ally-of-the-shura-council-of-benghazi-revolutionaries-claims-to-have-c.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
9. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): At least eight are killed in clashes in Tripoli, Libya. ](/news/2016/12/2/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-at-least-eight-are-killed-in-clashes-in-tripoli-libya.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
10. [Libyan Civil War (2014-present): Forces loyal to Libyan general and former US citizen Khalifa Haftar, commander of the elected Council of Deputies military, seize control of the ports of Sidra, Ra's Lanuf, Brega and Zuwetina. ](/news/2016/09/11/libyan-civil-war-2014-present-forces-loyal-to-libyan-general-and-former-us-citizen-khalifa-haftar-commander-of-the-elected-council-of.md) _Context: Libya, Libyan Civil War (2014-present)_
