### [2016-06-11](/news/2016/06/11/index.md)

# Syrian Civil War. According to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, two suicide bombings occur near the Sayyidah Zaynab shrine in a Damascus suburb, killing at least 20 people. 




### Source:

1. [Reuters](http://www.reuters.com/article/us-mideast-crisis-syria-blast-idUSKCN0YX05Y)

### Related:

1. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian Army troops surround the central prison in Hama after inmates revolted, seizing several guards. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says inmates were protesting against a planned transfer of prisoners from Hama to Sednaya Prison near Damascus. ](/news/2016/05/2/syrian-civil-war-syrian-army-troops-surround-the-central-prison-in-hama-after-inmates-revolted-seizing-several-guards-the-syrian-observat.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
2. [Syrian Civil War. ISIL claims to have shot down a Syrian Arab Air Force MiG-23, southeast of Damascus, and captured its pilot. Amaq News Agency, which supports ISIL, gave the pilot-s name as Azzam Eid, from Hama. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says it was not clear whether the plane had been shot down or crashed because of mechanical failure. ](/news/2016/04/23/syrian-civil-war-isil-claims-to-have-shot-down-a-syrian-arab-air-force-mig-23-southeast-of-damascus-and-captured-its-pilot-amaq-news-age.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
3. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights claims that the Al-Nusra Front as well as other insurgents have captured the village of Tel el-Ais in a strategic position overlooking the highway between Aleppo and Damascus. ](/news/2016/04/2/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-claims-that-the-al-nusra-front-as-well-as-other-insurgents-have-captured-the-villa.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
4. [Syrian Civil War. Syrian rebels fire volleys of mortar shells into Damascus, killing three people and wounding at least 30. Government forces respond with airstrikes into rebel-controlled Douma, just northeast of the capital, and surface-to-surface missiles into Eastern Ghouta and Saqba, that kill at least 35 people and injure many more, according to the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights. ](/news/2015/12/13/syrian-civil-war-syrian-rebels-fire-volleys-of-mortar-shells-into-damascus-killing-three-people-and-wounding-at-least-30-government-force.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
5. [Syrian civil war:. A Palestinian refugee camp in the capital of Damascus is reported to be attacked by Syrian war planes. Syrian Observatory for Human Rights reported at least eight deaths. ](/news/2012/12/16/syrian-civil-war-a-palestinian-refugee-camp-in-the-capital-of-damascus-is-reported-to-be-attacked-by-syrian-war-planes-syrian-observatory.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
6. [Syrian Civil War. A rocket hits and injures several people at the Damascus International Fair. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says five people have died. ](/news/2017/08/20/syrian-civil-war-a-rocket-hits-and-injures-several-people-at-the-damascus-international-fair-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
7. [Syrian Civil War. A day after a Russian sponsored ceasefire with a rebel group agreed a halt of fighting in the last opposition enclave in the capital, Syrian government airplanes and artillery strike rebel-held eastern Damascus suburbs and Ghouta with barrel bombs, killing at least five civilians in the towns of Hamouriya and Zalamka with several case of suffocation from rockets filled with chlorine that were fired at the front lines of Jobar and Ain Terma. ](/news/2017/08/19/syrian-civil-war-a-day-after-a-russian-sponsored-ceasefire-with-a-rebel-group-agreed-a-halt-of-fighting-in-the-last-opposition-enclave-in-t.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War_
8. [Syrian Civil War. Three suicide bombers in Damascus kill at least 21 people and wound 12 others. ](/news/2017/07/2/syrian-civil-war-three-suicide-bombers-in-damascus-kill-at-least-21-people-and-wound-12-others.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War_
9. [Syrian Civil War. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says ISIL leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is confirmed dead, according to information from tribal leaders close to ISIL in the Deir ez-Zor Governorate. In June, Russia said it had "most likely" killed al-Baghdadi and several other high profile ISIL leaders in an airstrike but provided no evidence. ](/news/2017/07/11/syrian-civil-war-the-syrian-observatory-for-human-rights-says-isil-leader-abu-bakr-al-baghdadi-is-confirmed-dead-according-to-information.md) _Context: Syrian Civil War, Syrian Observatory for Human Rights_
10. [Syrian Civil War. Damascus's governor says the last group of rebels and civilians have left the city's besieged Barzeh district. ](/news/2017/05/29/syrian-civil-war-damascus-s-governor-says-the-last-group-of-rebels-and-civilians-have-left-the-city-s-besieged-barzeh-district.md) _Context: Damascus, Syrian Civil War_
